Running Wild star Bear Grylls has branded Our Yorkshire Farm star Amanda Owen a "huge support" during a "nerve-wracking" moment. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, the adventurer, 47, gushed over how "encouraging" the mother of nine has been as he discussed his Gone Wild Festival later this year. Amanda is one of the speakers set to appear at the star's family festival later in the year. Speaking about what she is set to bring to the event, Bear gushed over the farming star. He said: "She's great, there's so many diverse types of people like that. "But people love her and she's been a huge support to Gone Wild and really encouraging," he added. READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly pays tribute to Deborah James after final post Bear went on: "And everyone loves it and, you know, its been so fun to have a space to bring all these sort of people together. "We have got an amazing lineup of speakers as well. "A hugely popular part of it is to get to meet and interact with people," he explained. He added: "The adventure community is quite small. "And again, it's just about giving young people inspiration and giving them a chance to actually hear some of these stories. "I think it's been a pretty tough couple of years to launch a Festival and it was always a nerve wracking thing, but it had incredible support from so many people," the star gushed. "I think families are hungry for an adventure type festival in a safe space where they can enjoy making music, making food and get access to fresh experiences and so many cool adventures. "It was the highlight of the year, that weekend I was with the family, seeing so many other families and young kids axe-throwing and paddleboarding and wild swimming and abseiling off this castle." DON'T MISS... Deborah James reconciled with husband a month before cancer diagnosis  [INSIGHT]Britt Ekland: Peter Sellers 'had everything' before 'he destroyed it' [ANALYSIS]Ricky Gervais leaves fans in stitches with jibe at Piers Morgan's show [UPDATE] It comes after Amanda Owen took to Twitter over the weekend to share "issues" she's been experiencing at Ravenseat Farm over the weekend. Amanda took to the micro-blogging site on Saturday, to share an update on the baby lambs recently born on the farm. She shared a series of four snaps of two of her children feeding the sheep along with pictures of them carrying out their chores, in view of her 195,500 followers. The shepherdess captioned the post: "Quieting down on the lambing front and the land is finally greening up but it’s still rather cold. "There are nests, chicks and new life all around. It’s just about being quiet, taking time and looking." Not long after, she shared the "issues" she had been having this weekend with her followers. She penned: "More time spent now dealing with postnatal sheep issues. Top ups of milk required for a few lambs," as social media users penned messages of support tot eh Yorkshire Shepherdess. Gone Wild Festival is happening from 25 - 28 August. Tickets are available to buy here.