The Duchess is reportedly a user of acupuncture, which has been claimed to help alleviate mental health conditions such as anxiety. She described herself as a "long-time believer" in the practice, which she described as a "game-changer". Acupuncture is a form of alternative medicine in which thin needles are inserted into the body. There have been numerous studies detailing the positive impact that acupuncture has on mental health disorders, with the World Health Organisation recommending it to help with depression. The Acupuncture Evidence Project recommends it as a treatment for anxiety. Meghan herself has said that the practice helps get rid of her migraines, telling The Chalkboard: "I have been a longtime believer in acupuncture. "I used to have debilitating migraines and acupuncture and Eastern medicine absolutely changed my life. "Migraine-free living is a game-changer." Acupuncturist Asha Chong, who uses the practice to treat stress and anxiety in her clinic in Marylebone, explained to Hello! magazine: "Acupuncture is believed to stimulate the nervous system and cause the release of neurochemical messenger molecules." According to the publication, the Duchess reportedly had regular acupuncture sessions before the birth of her son Archie. Archie, three, was born on May 6 2019 at the Portland Hospital in London. READ MORE: Meghan pre-royal life was 'fresh, fresh, fresh ' & yoga-filled Meghan and Harry's second child, Princess Lilibet, was born two years later on June 4 2021. She was born in California and was named after the Queen. Meghan Markle has previously discussed her struggles with mental health, detailing her battle with depression during her interview with Oprah Winfrey. She said: "I just didn’t see a solution. DON'T MISS: Meghan 'anxious to prove herself' in Spotify podcast [INSIGHT] Kate on hunt for personal assistant [REPORT] Meghan told 'you can't just take the money' after Netflix 'disaster' [REVEAL] "I would sit up at night, and I was just like, 'I don’t understand how all of this is being churned out' —and again I wasn’t seeing it—but it’s almost worse when you feel it through the expression of my mom or my friends or them calling me crying like, 'Meg, they’re not protecting you.' "And I realized it was all happening just because I was breathing." She added: "Look, I was really ashamed to say it at the time and ashamed to have to admit it, to Harry especially, because I know how much loss he’s suffered. "But I knew that if I didn’t say it that I would do it—and I just didn’t want to be alive anymore. "And that was a very clear and real and frightening constant thought." Speaking about Meghan's struggles with her mental health in the documentary The Me You Can't See, Harry said: "The scariest thing for her was her clarity of thought. "She hadn’t 'lost it.' She wasn’t crazy. "She wasn’t self-medicating, be it through pills or through alcohol. "She was absolutely sober. She was completely sane. "Yet in the quiet of night, these thoughts woke her up."