The Eurovision Song Contest is just around the corner with all 25 acts ready to give it their all on the night. Airing on BBC One in the UK, the sensational singing competition will have a weird and wonderful mix of extravagant stage sets, over-the-top costumes and some belting vocals. Among the countries performing in the big finale is Spain, one of the big five who always take to the stage when Eurovision comes around. Chanel will be taking on the responsibility of representing her home country of Spain in the iconic Eurovision Song Contest this year. Her journey didn't exactly get off to the best start as the majority of voters at Spain's national selection Benidorm Fest wanted Tanxugueiras to win with their song Terra. Since her big announcement, the negativity towards her has died down with many Eurovision fans eager to show their support. Unlike many Eurovision entries, her tune is not going to be a heartfelt ballad. READ MORE: Rees-Mogg hits back at Naga Munchetty branding Partygate 'non-story' Chanel will be performing her original song SloMo at the PalaOlympico stadium in Turin, Italy. The dance number has already proved popular in nightclubs so this could be a good sign for what's to come for the Spanish Eurovision entry. In previous interviews, Chanel has described her song as a "party", a song encouraging fun without any complications and to feel safe within your own body. The song was originally intended for pop star Jennifer Lopez but ended up going to the young singer instead. When Eurovision World asked Chanel if she was going to be the new J-Lo, she replied: "Oh my god, no! "She is the one with a booty hypnotic. She is an influence to me." Despite her not wanting to call herself the next Jennifer Lopez in the making, Chanel is hoping to bring the party to Turin in the grand finale. According to the latest odds, Chanel very well may be celebrating at the end of the night. DON'T MISS...The Last Kingdom's Eliza Butterworth won’t return as Aelswith in movie [CAST]Piers Morgan fiercely defends Ricky Gervais against ‘woke brigade’ [REACTION]Cliff Richard 'locked himself in the toilets' after Eurovision loss [EXPLAINER] Bookies PaddyPower believes Spain is one of the top five countries in the running for the winning spot. Spain has been given 18/1 odds on winning Eurovision 2022 with just four other countries ahead in the betting stakes. Next is Italy, this year's hosting country, with 10/1, followed by Sweden with 7/1 and the United Kingdom with 6/1. In top place for the most likely to win the show is Ukraine with 3/10 odds. Chanel added that she was "freaking out" ahead of the finale evening. "I feel some pressure, of course... This is so amazing. "In such a short period of time, a lot of things changed and this has been the most incredible experience so far." The Eurovision Song Contest finale airs Saturday, May 14, at 8pm on BBC One.