Someone close is starting to feel you are out of touch with their needs, desires and feelings. You disagree. A heart-to-heart conversation will reveal you have been assuming far too much and not listening enough. Be sure to apologise and do what you can to make amends. After winning an argument at home it will be in some kind of group activity outside the home where your stubborn streak will start to show. You feel strongly about an issue and you won’t want to back down but could you possibly be wrong about something? The necessary resources to carry out our aims are unavailable. You may have to cut a few corners to meet a looming deadline. You’re doing the best you can in limiting circumstances and no one can expect any more than this from you.  This isn’t the best time to make too much of your grievances. Emotions could easily get the better of you. Speaking out without thinking will not get the response you are hoping to achieve. You need to be calm and in control of your emotions to win this argument. You have so much to do you can’t decide what to do for the best. You may have to pull out of or change some obligations when they no longer fit comfortably into your life. Prolonging your involvement in areas that are no longer working will only bring further troubles your way. You would benefit from a little fresh air and exercise. There are some commitments you cannot leave for another time and you will get these out of the way as quickly as you can. You will gratefully accept anyone’s offer to help when you wouldn’t mind doing as little as possible.  Tension is causing health problems. You’re going to get more frustrated with a friend who is allowing a disagreement to drag on. You just want it to be amicably resolved. Walk away from places where there is contention in the air. You need to relax and think about your health. Someone’s overly controlling or overprotective behaviour is starting to drive you crazy. All they seem to do is wonder what you are getting up to when you aren’t together. You could ignore all their messages but if they can’t trust you, it may be necessary to walk away. A friend’s generous gesture will cause you to consider your lifestyle in general. You’ve been cluttering up your life with inconsequential details. Too many trivial matters have been taking up far too much of your time. Your priority now should be to make room for more rest and leisure activities.  You’ve hardly stopped over the past few days and if you feel like a break, take it. A friend will try to persuade you into going out when all you want to do is stay in. Be sure to let others know that when you say ‘no’, you really mean it. You’re spending too much time thinking about things you cannot change. Stop overanalysing. Instead of dwelling on disappointments or failures, start focusing on your successes. Even the most difficult situation has its positive side if just in the fact that overcoming challenges will make you a stronger person. You have the stamina and resilience to realise a special aim. It might seem as if you are pushing yourself beyond your limits to fulfil an obligation but you are much stronger than you think. You will be surprised by what can be achieved through the power of positive thinking. 