Mrs Hinch rose to fame on social media several years ago when she started to share unusual cleaning tips and tricks. Now, her fans share their own advice, including how to get rid of fruit flies. Fruit flies are common in homes and are attracted to fermenting fruits and vegetables and a female fly can lay up to 2,000 eggs on the surface of anything that’s moist and rotting. Although they are a year-round problem for UK households, they are more commonly seen in early autumn. However, Mrs Hinch fans have been seeing fruit flies earlier this year and are finding them hard to get rid of. Taking to the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Hayley Anderson wrote: “Is anyone else suffering from fruit flies in their homes? “I have no fruit displayed in the kitchen, I have a compost caddy that I’m constantly cleaning. READ MORE: Homes Under the Hammer buyers make £200k profit “They’ve even got around upstairs. Any tips on how to get rid of them? I’m going insane.” Kathy Carter commented: “A little washing up liquid with a few drops of lemon juice in a small tub works very well. “We had problems last year and were amazed at how many we trapped. “They’re attracted to the lemon juice and then get stuck because the washing up liquid traps them.” DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share 7p hack to get oven racks and glass ‘sparkling’ [INSIGHT]How to ‘protect’ your garden from foxes without causing harm - tips [EXPERT]Monty Don shares ‘classic symptoms’ of an ‘overwatered’ houseplant [EXPLAINER] Saskia Kuster said: “Get a glass and put some washing up liquid in with vinegar. “Put some cling film on the top of the glass and pierce a couple of holes in it. “We had hundreds of them and I had no idea why but honestly it’s caught all of them.” Sue Ward wrote: “Lemon juice all the way with some water, cheap as chips and it traps them.” Other group members recommended using apple cider vinegar. Fruit flies are said to be attracted to the sweet smell of apple cider vinegar but drown once they enter the liquid. Michelle McClafferty said: “Apple cider vinegar, cover with cling film and stab a few holes in it.” Teresa Spence wrote: “They drive me insane. I was using apple cider vinegar and a drop or two of washing up liquid.” Fruit flies are often very easy to identify, and are commonly known for their red eyes. Their wings are translucent and their bodies are usually black on top and grey on the underside. They are especially attracted to ripened fruits and vegetables in the kitchen. They can often be seen in the summer months when doors and windows are open. Fruit flies can also breed in drainage, bins, empty bottles and cans. All that is needed for development is a moist film of fermenting material.