Sadio Mane showed he’s a class act by consoling team-mates after Liverpool lost the Champions League final to Real Madrid on Saturday night. The Reds went into the game as favourites to win the trophy. But that didn’t happen, with Vinicius Jr’s goal enough for Carlo Ancelotti’s side to reign supreme. Liverpool were beaten 1-0 by Real Madrid on Saturday night, with Vinicius Jr’s goal in the 59th minute enough to give them the trophy. Mane was bright in phases but, ultimately, the Liverpool star was unable to score. And, after the game, he showed what a class act he is by consoling team-mates on the field. Mane was snapped approaching Virgil van Dijk, who was on one knee looking dejected following the contest at the Stade de France. And the former Southampton forward also consoled a devastated Fabinho, too. Mane has been linked with a move away from Liverpool and, speaking before the final, was coy on his future. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Bayern Munich are looking to land the Senegal international this summer. And Mane is now expected to address reports over his future, once he’s digested Saturday night’s devastating defeat. While it was agony for Liverpool, it was joy for Madrid. And Carlo Ancelotti hailed his side for their performance, saying: "I can't believe it. We had a fantastic season. “We did really well. It was a difficult game and we suffered a lot, more so in the first half. In the end I think we deserved to win this competition. "We're really happy. What can I say? I can't say more. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "I am a record man. I had luck to come here last year and have a fantastic season. “A fantastic club, a really good squad with a lot of quality and mental character. "The season was top. "I think we passed through really difficult games. The supporters helped us a lot in the last game. They helped us tonight. “We're happy and they're happy.” Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp, meanwhile, has insisted his team will bounce back and go again next season. "In the dressing room nobody feels it was a great season at the moment. We maybe need a few hours for that,” said the German. "It was the two decisions against us were the smallest margins possible. "We played a good game, not a perfect game. I don't think a perfect game is possible against an opponent set up with a deep formation. "We had a lot of shots but not the clearest. Courtois made two top saves. “We conceded a goal from a throw-in. Valverde wanted to shoot, Vinicius was there and that's it. "The boys tried everything, especially at 1-0 down then we played like we wanted to play before. “We had our midfielders too deep. It's a threat they are with counter attacks. We wanted to be more brave in the second half. “That's what we said at half-time. We played around them. We should have played more in the formation than around them. "It feels different. It's not bad to get to the final. It's a kind of success. Not the success you want to have. "I have a strong feeling we'll come again. The boys are really competitive. It's an outstanding group together. We will have an outstanding group next season. "Where's it next season? Istanbul? Book the hotel."