Two years ago, Elvis Presley’s grandson Benjamin Keough died by suicide at the age of just 27. The son of The King’s daughter Lisa Marie Presley was dearly loved by his family and now his mother has shared a rare tribute to him after seeing Baz Luhrmann’s new Elvis movie. The 54-year-old has watched the upcoming biopic a couple of times with her three daughters Riley Keough and twins Harper and Finley. Lisa Marie’s first Instagram post for 15 months read: “Hello everyone, I haven’t posted in quite some time because there really isn’t much to say, as I am and will forever be mourning the loss of my son. Navigating through this hideous grief that absolutely destroyed and shattered my heart and my soul into almost nothing has swallowed me whole. Not much else aside from my other 3 children gets my time and attention anymore.” Elvis’ only child then went on to praise the new Elvis movie, saying how much Benjamin would have loved it too. Lisa Marie continued: “However, that being said, I do want to take a moment to let you know that I have seen Baz Luhrmann's movie “Elvis” twice now, and let me tell you that it is nothing short of spectacular. Absolutely exquisite. Austin Butler channelled and embodied my father’s heart and soul beautifully. In my humble opinion, his performance is unprecedented and FINALLY done accurately and respectfully. (If he doesn’t get an Oscar for this, I will eat my own foot, haha.) You can feel and witness Baz’s pure love, care, and respect for my father throughout this beautiful film, and it is finally something that myself and my children and their children can be proud of forever.” Apart from seeing the film, the reaction of her children to it made her cry too. Lisa Marie added: “What moved me to tears as well was watching Riley and Harper, and Finley afterwards, all 3 visibly overwhelmed in the best way possible way, and so filled with pride about their grandfather and his legacy in a way that I have not previously experienced. It breaks my heart that my son isn’t here to see it. He would have absolutely loved it as well. I can’t tell you enough how much I love this film and I hope you love it too. Everyone involved poured their hearts and souls into it, which is evidenced in their performances. Baz, your utter genius combined with your love and respect for my father and this project is just so beautiful and so inspiring. I know I'm being repetitive, but I don’t care, Thank you for setting the record straight in such a deeply profound and artistic way. Love you ~LMP.” DON'T MISSElvis Presley and Lisa Marie's Graceland antics and private times [LISA MARIE]Elvis: Sleeping in Lisa Marie bedroom memories shared by childhood pal [GRACELAND UPSTAIRS]Elvis movie: Priscilla Presley gives honest verdict on Austin Butler [AUSTIN BUTLER] Lisa Marie’s mother and the ex-wife of Elvis, Priscilla Presley, shared a similar reaction to the Elvis movie. The 76-year-old tweeted: “I’ve seen Elvis the film, I watched the trailer over a dozen times. But the words I heard from my daughter on how much she loved the film and that Riley will love it too when she sees it brought tears. I relived every moment in this film. It took me a few days to overcome the emotions as it did with Lisa. Beautifully done Baz, Tom, Austin and Olivia.” Elvis hits cinemas on June 24, 2022 following its Cannes Film Festival premiere on May 25. For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 116 123 or visit a local Samaritans branch.