Manchester United need a lavish spending spree to reel in the likes of Liverpool and Manchester City. But reports have suggested that, with a budget of just £100million, that will be difficult to achieve. That would sell Erik ten Hag majorly short - at a time where the club can’t afford to cut corners as they look to climb up the Premier League table again. Manchester United have endured a wretched season under both Ralf Rangnick and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. They won’t be winning a trophy this term as a result and, with one Premier League match left to play, could even end up in the UEFA Conference League next time out. With the summer transfer window creeping closer, The Sun have claimed Ten Hag will be given a budget of just £100m. Back in the day, that would have been enough to overhaul a squad. Not in 2022, however, where fees are already high and on the rise. Historically, United have normally spent over that - regardless of whether or not they’ve qualified for the Champions League. Louis van Gaal was given the Galactico signing of Angel Di Maria in 2014 for £59m, with Luke Shaw, Ander Herrera, Daley Blind, Marcos Rojo and Radamel Falcao also touching down. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Jose Mourinho spent over £100m during his maiden summer at the helm, too, with Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Paul Pogba, Henrikh Mkhitaryan and Eric Bailly touching down. And United spent close to £150m upon bringing in Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, concluding deals for Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Harry Maguire and Daniel James. Now, if the board do indeed set a figure at £100m, that will be a blow to Ten Hag. Two of his top targets - Darwin Nunez and Antony - cost around that figure by themselves. And it will certainly complicate matters if United want to hit the ground running and make an early mark as they look to reel in Liverpool and Manchester City. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag A budget of £100m also isn’t good enough due to the exodus of stars that’s expected to take place. While losing Paul Pogba is a blow from a footballing perspective, depending on who you talk to, it’s certainly good for finances. United will be getting his £290,000-a-week wages off their books, as well as those belonging to Edinson Cavani, Jesse Lingard, Juan Mata and Nemanja Matic. Those funds, really, should be put back into the squad. They might yet be but there’s no denying that £100m, for a club of United’s wealth, size and stature, is selling Ten Hag short. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz The Ajax boss is convinced he can trigger an immediate improvement through hard work on the training ground. But United need fresh faces, with many of their current personnel nowhere near good enough. And what unfolds this summer is something only time will tell, with their rivals destined to splash the cash as well. Meanwhile, former Liverpool star John Barnes feels United need to make wholesome changes this summer. However, he also doubts whether that’s possible. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Erik Ten Hag cannot get rid of players at Manchester United if they don’t want to leave the club, and their fans must understand that,” Barnes recently told BonusCodeBets. “Media will talk about them having to get rid of this player or that player but if they are on three or four-year deals then you can’t just get rid of them. “Of course, they’d like to get rid of them, but unless another club offers the same salary or more, then they won’t leave. Players have all the power. “We know they want to get rid of their players, and for United to get where they want to be quickly, that is something that must be done. “If the manager believes it’s the right time [to move on from this group of players], then it is.”