The couple's popularity was highest in the year they tied in the knot at Windsor, slipping significantly after they parted ways with the Royal Family, according to YouGov results. The Duchess of Sussex, 40, has also consistently ranked as less popular than her husband in YouGov results. But now, a weighted sample of 1,816 people carried out by pollsters Techne for Express.co.uk shows the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's popularity is trailing behind Royal Family members they are soon to reunite with at the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. In the poll, just 33 percent of those who responded held a positive opinion of Prince Harry, whereas 56 percent held negative sentiments towards the Duke of Sussex. Where 11 percent of respondents did not know how they felt about Prince Harry, 13 percent said the same for his wife, Meghan. More than seven out of ten respondents, however, held a negative perception of the Duchess of Sussex, versus the 16 percent who see Meghan in a positive light. However, respondents held a far more positive of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, with 78 percent of those asked holding a favourable opinion of second-in-line Prince William. Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, 40, was not far behind at 74 percent, with just 14 percent holding a negative perception of the mother-of-three. Ahead of all other senior royals in UK public opinion was the Queen, 96, who was viewed in a positive light by an overwhelming 85 percent of the polled UK adults. Her Majesty’s popularity peaked with the over 64s at 89 percent favorability, and was weakest among those aged between 18 and 34, although she was still seen positively by 83 percent of those asked in this age category. READ MORE: Meghan fights back tears as Duchess honours 21 killed at Texas school This comes ahead of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s return to UK turf after stepping back from royal duties in March 2020. The couple relocated to Meghan’s home state of California, where they are raising their two children. The Duke and Duchess are “excited and honoured” to be bringing Archie, three, and Lilibet, who will turn one on June 4, to the Platinum Jubilee celebrations in London. However, they will not be appearing among the senior royals on the Buckingham Palace balcony during the Trooping the Colour parade on June 2. DON'T MISS: Anti-Queen posters appear in nine cities days before Jubilee [REPORT] What is wrong with God Save the Queen?’ Readers slam jubilee song [REACTION] POLL: Can Britain afford Monarchy as Sovereign Grant soars by £18m? [VOTE] The parade marks the Queen’s official birthday. A spokesperson said: “After careful consideration, the Queen has decided this year's traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday June 2 will be limited to Her Majesty and those members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of the Queen." However, it emerged earlier this week that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are likely to join the Royal Family for a thanksgiving service hosted at St Paul’s Cathedral on Friday, June 3. Reports also suggest the Queen’s disgraced son, Prince Andrew, will be among the royal congregation attending the service. The Duke of York, 62, will not appear on the balcony during the Trooping the Colour parade after he was stripped of his patronages, military affiliations and HRH title by the Queen. He is expected to attend the St Paul's Thanksgiving service, and he was back in the public eye during the event dedicated to the memory of the late Prince Philip in March this year. The Duke escorted his mother to her seat for the service at Westminster Abbey, although he has largely steered clear of the public limelight following the settling of the civil case brought against him by Virginia Roberts Giuffre. In the poll conducted for Express.co.uk, Prince Andrew was the lowest-scoring royal out of those put forward for consideration by the UK public. Just three percent of respondents saw the prince in a positive light, whereas 91 percent of those asked had a negative view of the Duke of York.