Sky News released a series of short videos showing upwards of 30 people in lifejackets being hauled into a Border Force speedboat in the middle of the Channel. The migrants are packed tightly into the sizable dinghy, with some wedged between the slats in the middle of the boat and others clinging onto the sides.    A record number of crossings have been recorded in 2022 up to April 19, according to the French charity Utopia 56. They claim that there have been 6,700 successful navigation of the English Channel this year, more than four times the number in the same period in 2021. One of the charity's coordinators claimed that it was due to the “over-militarization” of the northern coast of France. Marguerite Combes said: "Over-militarization of the northern coast [of France] leads to higher risks being taken, departures take place earlier in the year despite violent winds, a cold and difficult sea.”    Crossings continue to take place despite the announcement by the UK government of a deal with Rwanda that will see migrants flown to the African continent. Under the arrangement, unauthorised migrants will be flown several thousand miles to Rwanda, where their application to remain will be processed. They will be provided with three meals a day and permitted to stay while their application is under review. But should they be successful, they will not be offered asylum in the UK; instead, they will be offered a minimum of five years of residency in Rwanda. READ MORE: MP savages £80m ‘waste of money’ over crossings [REPORT]   It is believed the Home Office will notify the first group of migrants this week that they face a one-way ticket to the East African nation. Boris Johnson reportedly said previously he wanted to see the first flights take off by the end of May. But officials are still unable to say when removals could begin and how many people the Government is initially seeking to deport. Unconfirmed reports suggest the flights could take place within the next few weeks, with a small number of single men set to be removed in the first instance. DON'T MISS: 'Rwanda plan a failure?' Trevelyan squirms over Channel crossings [REVEAL] GB News: Nigel Farage witnesses migrants throwing phones into Channel  [INSIGHT] 350 migrants risk lives to cross the Channel in 2 days [REPORT]   After 11 days without a single crossing, more than 350 migrants landed on the English coast in just two days last week. The Ministry of Defence said that it uncovered seven boats on May 1 carrying 254 migrants. Witnesses then said that roughly 100 more migrants had arrived on the following day. The government is addressing the issue by "cracking down on people smugglers", the MoD said.   