At the end of the RHS Chelsea Flower Show afternoon coverage programme, gardening expert Frances Tophill was on hand to answer people’s questions. One of the questions was from Line of Duty’s Vicky McClure who was attending the RHS Chelsea Flower Show fairground. She said: “Hi, Frances. Can you help me out with my lupins? “I think it might be the slugs!” Frances said slugs love lupins as well as hostas, delphiniums and echinacea. She said these plants are “really susceptible in the spring when they're just shooting”. Gardeners need to “protect” these plants especially during the spring season. READ MORE: House prices MAPPED: Average house sold prices in the UK The gardening expert suggested using garlic spray, copper or sheep’s wool to deter slugs. She said: “You can use garlic spray on the foliage. “You can use copper or even things like sheep's wool around the shooting buds. “But with lupins, they like the sun so if you keep them in the sun, that should help them to flower. DON'T MISSOven cleaning: How to clean oven door glass under 5 minutes - ‘cheap’ [INSIGHT]Top home remedies for getting rid of ants - 'they didn't come back' [UPDATE]‘Easy tips’ to keep fresh flowers ‘blooming’ for longer [ANALYSIS] “Also, the slugs don't like the sun as much so that will help get rid of the slugs and also get your lupins going a bit more.” Wool will absorb the mucus slugs and snails produce. Using wool pellets is also safe and environmentally friendly as it won’t harm your plants. However, rainfall does stop the wool being as effective as it won’t be as absorbent. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Garlic spray can easily be made at home to deter slugs. A bulb of garlic needs to be blitzed in a food processor with a litre of water. Once the mixture has sat for 10 minutes, the solids can be sprayed and the liquid put in a spray bottle. The reason garlic deters slugs is because it contains allicin, a compound which is released when the garlic is crushed. Lupins are a popular plant that flower from May to July. They produce gorgeous pea-like flowers which bees and other pollinators love. They can be planted from January to April and October to December. RHS Chelsea Flower Show coverage can be streamed on BBC iPlayer.