The world of showbiz is marking another birthday for Californian-born icon Eastwood. Twitter was awash with tributes to the Academy Award-winning director, including Warner Bros. India, who wished the star happy returns on his special day. While Eastwood will no doubt be marking the special milestone with his close family and friends, when it comes to the wealth behind the Hollywood heavyweight, it's sometimes unclear how much, and what he has spent his fortune on. A new report in April by Wealthy Gorilla estimates that since his first uncredited role in debut film Revenge of the Creature in 1955, Eastwood – sometimes dubbed the ‘world’s richest cowboy’ – has amassed a fortune of around $375million (£297m). His wealth has no doubt been enhanced by the star's brilliant back catalogue of films, which have cemented his status as one of the biggest pin-ups in cinema history. As well as performances in the likes of Dirty Harry, Million Dollar Baby and Gran Torino, Eastwood cemented his status among theatregoers in the fabled spaghetti westerns of the Sixties. He starred in the three Sergio Leone Dollars films, as the Man with No Name, earning Eastwood some of his first critical acclaims. Since making his millions, Eastwood has gone on to increase his wealth through a number of different ventures including real estate and an amazing vehicle collection. According to a 2021 report by The Thing, Eastwood owns a host of properties across the globe, including an impressive 6,136 square foot Spanish style mansion in Bel-Air. He also owns a 1.067-acre ranch in Burney, California, as well as a large apartment in Burbank. As well as this, Eastwood can count among his property portfolio a 1.13-acre manor in Hawaii, and a 5,700 square-foot Idaho home. JUST IN: Bill Roache wanted to leave Corrie and work with Clint Eastwood However, it's not just property that Eastwood has invested in, as he has a flourishing vehicle collection. Justrichest.com reports that Eastwood boasts the likes of a Ford Roadster, a Lincoln K-Series convertible, an Austin Healey, and a Cadillac Eldorado Series 62 Convertible among his motor hoard. Other vehicles he owns include a Jaguar XK150 Roadster, a Gran Tarino, a Morris Mini Countryman ‘Cooper S’, and a Fiat 500e. However, the American has also given back to the community, showing his altruistic side by making sure he gives back to those most in need, including building homes. Reports suggest that during the previous decade, Eastwood and his partner Andy Williams invested significant funds in the purchase of a plot of Californian land. DON'T MISS:John Wayne brutal Clint Eastwood rejection 'This piece of sh** again' [INSIGHT]Clint Eastwood turned down 'good money' to play James Bond [LATEST]Richard Burton's blunt put down of Anthony Hopkins years before Oscar [ANALYSIS] On this, they ordered the construction of 90 homes, that would eventually be sold to the public in 2019. As a result of the expected sales, Eastwood and Williams could ensure the remainder of the vast piece of land could be kept in its natural state, including a 2,000-acre nature reserve. Williams said at the time: “We thought someone might take the land and turn it into a much more congested area or just not take care of it. "I thought, someday people are going to want some privacy and they’ll get tired of living crammed in next to each other. And that’s really it." Williams added: "[Clint’s] goal was to create enough development and economic value that it would become self-sustaining and people would take care of it." Eastwood has collected four Oscars in his career, including two for Best Director (Million Dollar Baby and Unforgiven), as well as Best Picture for the same movies. He was nominated for a further seven Academy Awards.