Tartan is a popular print worn regularly by many members of the Royal Family, from Kate Middleton to Princess Anne. However, it seems that Camilla wears the pattern more often than anyone, opting to wear the same outfits on many occasions over a short period of time. Express.co.uk spoke to personal stylist and fashion expert Samantha Harman about the Duchess’ sartorial choices. She said: “As Charles and Camilla take on more responsibility and prepare to become King and Queen Consort, maintaining the marriage between all four nations will be of huge importance to them. “Tartan is a Scottish heritage print, so the link is quite obvious as to why Camilla often chooses it as a print. “It's interesting that Camilla wore tartan on public engagements around the time it was announced that the Queen wants her to become Queen Consort.” READ MORE: Meghan pre-royal life was 'fresh, fresh, fresh ' & yoga-filled Camilla has multiple tartan skirt suits and coats, including two green and blue coats, and a purple and red coat. The two green and blue tartan coats often make public appearances. Samantha noted that many of Camilla’s outfits are blue – perhaps because it suits the Duchess’ eye colour and skin tone. But also perhaps because of the significance of the colour itself. The fashion expert continued: “Camilla loves wearing blue – it brings out the colour of her eyes. DON'T MISS: Queen attendance uncertain for rest of Jubilee [NEWS]Royal Family 'has 'become a show' that is 'dangerous' for Britain [OPINION]Harry spotted playing polo in Cali sunshine [PICTURES] “Blue is a calming colour, and in colour psychology, it signals that you’re ‘in safe hands.'" As for her other favourite colours – green and purple, Samantha said: “Green is the colour of balance, harmony and renewal. “And purple is regal – fitting for a future queen.” Samantha added that “nothing the royal women wear is by chance”. “They use their clothes to convey subtle messages,” she said. “We may see her [Camilla] go bolder and brighter with her outfits from now on, much like the Queen. “If there’s a public engagement, people want to see the royals – wearing bold colours helps them to be seen.” Samantha went on to note how Camilla rewears many of her clothes, demonstrating an understanding for environmentally-conscious fashion, as well as the current financial crisis. The personal stylist said: “We can probably imagine that Camilla has an extensive wardrobe, so probably doesn’t need to buy more and has plenty of options available. “Whilst we’ve seen her experiment more in recent years, she still has a very ‘classic British heritage’ style. “At a time of a cost of living crisis, the royals will be mindful of public feeling if they’re seen to be buying lots of new clothes. “From a sustainability perspective, we should all be wearing our clothes much more. Keeping and wearing an item for nine months longer would reduce its carbon footprint by 20 to 30 percent,” Samantha added.