Queen Letizia of Spain opted for a very daring look as she attended a Commemorative event for the World Day of the Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies in Valencia on Tuesday. The royal, 49, opted for a full length flowing fuchsia number by Cayro Woman with cutouts in the stomach exposing her well-toned midriff. The Fuchsia Ring Detail Dress was a new purchase for the monarch that cost €61.90, or £52.82.  She paired the dress, which included flowing sleeves and a scoop neckline, with small gold hoop earrings. These earrings were from the Madrid company CXC and were designed by Concha Díaz del Río. The E0076 Earrings were also a new purchase for Queen Letizia. The monarch then wore her recycled crocodile-leather style heels from Carolina Herrera.  READ MORE: Kate and William show 'emotional exhaustion' after 'comments by Harry' The royal has worn these shoes for a number of years and is no longer in stock. Proving her penchant for coordination, she added a Fuschia bag from Carolina Herrera with an oversized silver buckle to complete the look. This item is no longer in stock but originally retailed for $807, or £652.93. Royal fans were amazed at Letizia’s daring dress and took to social media to praise her style.  Instagram user @clemiechaz said: “Oh my!! Only she can put that dress on her and look so classy!” Another fan, @rachelhlhannam added: “Wow!!” Royal watcher @marskylaparsky commented: “She looks exquisite.” Similarly, @basak_ertas wrote: “WOW!!! She rocks!”  Instagram user @_jasfizzle said: “This is fun! I love the colour. “I’m not sure why so many people think cutouts are inherently inappropriate. “She’s not really revealing anything.” Royal fan @schnappy88 added: “There are some serious abs going on, wow!” Another account, @nes.alex03 wrote: “She looks amazing! She looks better than any model.  “She sure is the only royal who can pull this off!” Royal watcher @whitty.m commented: “This is a daring dress for a Queen to wear to an event, but she pulls it off. “I really like it.” World Red Cross and Red Crescent Day is a global day to celebrate the uniqueness and unity of our International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement. Letizia is a longtime supporter of the charity, and recently visited the Red Cross crisis unit for Ukraine in Madrid. 