Former England rugby star Mike Tindall shares three children, Mia, Lena and Lucas, with his wife Zara. Mike was part of an all-male panel for Thursday's special instalment of Loose Women which was called Loose Men to mark Mental Health Awareness Week. The panel reflected on whether competition was healthy for children, and Mike admitted his daughter Mia "goes mad" when she loses. To kick off the episode, Mike opened up about whether competitiveness in schools for sports day was a positive thing. The 43-year-old told ITV viewers all types of sports, such as dancing, rugby and activities such as drama classes are good for all children. He revealed: “Nothing should be off the table, expose your kids to as much as they can get their hands on - I look at dancing now and posture - kids really struggle with at the moment. "Dancing’s amazing for posture so it’s an amazing way of getting them to stand properly, to sit properly, have control of shoulders.”  READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Tim Metcalfe gets devastating health update I always make sure I beat her a few times because she absolutely goes mad as she is really competitive.  With an Olympian horse rider as a mother and a rugby ace as her father, it is no wonder his eight-year-old daughter Mia has a competitive streak. When the former rugby star was asked what he was like with his three children at home, he replied: "It's bad because every time I think, 'I can't let them win.' "But I think it's a balance and will let Mia win occasionally but then we also have races up the stairs and stuff. "I always make sure I beat her a few times because she absolutely goes mad as she is really competitive.   "But it is also about making sure she understands she has to be able to take losing [well]." Appearing alongside Mike for the fourth all-male panel show was presenter Vernon Kay, radio presenter Roman Kemp and Strictly Come Dancing professional Johannes Radebe. The men spoke about subjects including the male biological clock, social media trolls, body confidence, and seeking therapy, plus Johannes gave Mike a dancing lesson after Mike revealed he and Zara would like to learn how to dance. On wanting to learn to dance with his wife Zara, Mike said: “We have said, we do both like to have a dance because it makes you feel good. DON'T MISS...Harry and Meghan urged to take a leaf from Zara Tindall by Jane Moore [LATEST]Mike Tindall orders delivery as Zara is ‘not into eating red meat' [INSIGHT]Zara Tindall 'stopped cooking' for Mike after giving up red meat [EXPLAINER] "Dancing makes you feel good, so that’s why I love it." He continued: "I love music, but we’ve always talked about doing dance lessons, just to do it as a social thing, but we’ve never got round to it. "It’s one of those things you always chase but you never get round to it.” Johannes, who made it into last year's Strictly Come Dancing final with Great British Bake Off star John Whaite, added: “It’s going to be the most beautiful thing, that's going to bring you closer together.”  Mike turned to Johannes and said: “You’re going to come and teach us.” South African dancer Johannes, who taught Mike some moves at the end of the show said: “I definitely will. I encourage you to go for gold, take up dancing." Johannes will be returning to the ballroom later this year for the 20th series of Strictly Come Dancing on BBC One. Loose Women continues on weekdays at 12.30pm on ITV. 