After years of delays, the Elizabeth Line finally opened to London commuters on Tuesday, May 24, 2022. The new service is hoped to cut travel times and ease pressure on the Jubilee Line and other heavily-used transport links around the city. The route cost a whopping £18.8 billion to develop and will be the first new major expansion of the tube network since the extension of the Northern Line. But how much will it cost commuters to hop on the newest tube route? Tickets for the Elizabeth Line are due to stay in line with the current prices for tube and rail services around London. This includes the fare cap. READ MORE: SNP ‘incompetence’ leaves Scots in the lurch  In March, the cap for zones one to six was increased to £14.40 for all travel taken in a 24-hour period. According to the TfL website: "Fares on the Elizabeth line from the east or west into the central section stations will be exactly the same as travelling today to a London Underground station in the same zone as the required Elizabeth line station." DON'T MISSElizabeth line chaos: Paddington Station evacuated over 'emergency'  [REPORT]Elizabeth line map journey times - how long your journey will take [EXPLAINER]Absolute chaos at airports across UK as customers slam staff [INSIGHT] TfL services run a price cap, meaning people will only pay up to the specified amount of all travel in a 24-hour period. The price cap includes transit on the new Elizabeth Line. The one-day fare cap is as follows: The new Elizabeth Line is predicted to slash travel times for commuters heading into London from the suburbs. The line will also reach Heathrow Airport for those jetting off. For now, the Elizabeth Line will operate as three separate sections. End-to-end trains are not expected to arrive until autumn. The central section connects Paddington station with Abbey Wood. People coming from the west, either from Heathrow or Reading, will have to change at Paddington for now if they want to access the central portion of the line. Commuters from Shenfield in Essex will be required to switch at Liverpool Street until the line is fully connected later in the year.