Tom Parker’s widow, Kelsey Parker, has sent a heartfelt message to Deborah James after the BBC host announced there is no longer anything medical professionals can do for her amid her cancer battle. Kelsey said the You, Me and the Big C podcast star had been a “pillar of strength” for her The Wanted singer husband before he died following a battle with brain cancer in March. Kelsey took to her Instagram story today to share a link to Deborah’s Bowel Babe Fund donation page. The podcaster had urged her HOW MANY followers to buy “me a drink [the cost of which to be donated] to see me out of this world”. Kelsey shared a picture of Deborah as she penned: “Buying you a drink, link below”. She continued: “Sending love, light and strength to you, your family and babies. “Deborah, you are an earth angel. You’ve raised so much awareness and money, you’re a hero. “Your courage is inspiring. You were a pillar of strength for my Tommy Boy, always there with advice" she added. Kelsey went on: “I know you were both members of a club that you didn’t want to be in. “I wish we all could’ve met under different circumstances.” She concluded: “Like Tom… you’ve never let cancer define you and what a legacy you’ve created.” Tom died aged 33 at the end of March this year after an 18-month battle with brain cancer. Kelsey shared the devastating news with fans of the singer in an Instagram post. She highlighted that Tom had died “peacefully” surrounded by his family, as she thanked fans for their support during his battle. DON'T MISS...Britney Spears, 40, sparks frenzy as she goes completely NAKED [LATEST]Hairy Bikers star Dave Myers undergoes chemotherapy amid illness [HEALTH]Alex Jones dismayed as son, 3, taken to hospital for operation [INSTAGRAM] Kelsey wrote: "It is with the heaviest of hearts that we confirm Tom passed away peacefully earlier today with all of his family by his side. “Our hearts are broken, Tom was the centre of our world and we can’t imagine life without his infectious smile and energetic presence. "We are truly thankful for the outpouring of love and support and ask that we all unite to ensure Tom’s light continues to shine for his beautiful children. "Thank you to everyone who has supported his care throughout, he fought until the very end. I’m forever proud of you." Deborah issued a statement on Monday telling her 404,000 Instagram followers that she had to write “the message I never wanted to write.” She wrote: “We have tried everything, but my body simply isn’t playing ball. “My active care has stopped and I am now moved to hospice at home care, with my incredible family all around me and the focus is on making sure I’m not in pain and spending time with them. “Nobody knows how long I’ve got left but I’m not able to walk, I’m sleeping most of the days, and most things I took for granted are pipe dreams.”