Andrew Neil summed up Sir Keir Starmer's predicament with an obscure saying, arguing the Labour leader had been "hoist by his own petard" over beergate. The veteran TV presenter explained his argument, saying Sir Keir had his plans to cause trouble for Boris Johnson with his partygate swipes backfire on him. Durham Police last week announced they would further investigate claims of a lockdown breach after pictures emerged of the Labour leader sharing food and drinks with activists inside an office last year. Mr Neil insisted Sir Keir had put himself in an awkward position, suggesting he is now "afraid" to confront members of the public over potential questions on beergate. The Labour leader cancelled a public Q&A session on Monday despite maintaining no breach of lockdown rules had taken place. The TV presenter said: "You're giving a lot up for a beer in Durham on one April night a year ago. "He's terrified of being asked questions from people like us. JUST IN: Stealth raid on pensions to cost cash-strapped British workers £6BILLION "This won't go away and, in a sense, it's a pity because I understand why people get really upset with partygate because they made the rules. "But also, being so high and mighty, Keir Starmer is now hoist by his own petard. "But we've seen in the paper this morning, people are struggling to put food on the table." He added: "There are bigger price rises coming down the pipe, much bigger ones now because that Ukrainian coast is now cut off by the Russians." READ MORE: Bookmakers slash odds on UK fully rejoining EU by 2026 after major 'catalyst' Universities minister Michelle Donelan has said "it does smack of sheer hypocrisy" when asked whether Sir Keir broke Covid lockdown rules. Asked whether the Labour leader should step down if he was given a fine, she told Sky News: "That's a decision for Keir, not for me. My constituents are saying that this whole thing smacks of sheer hypocrisy given the relentless focus he has placed on partygate. "I think this is a decision for him, he's going to have to search his soul after making this a top priority over the last few months at the expense of key issues like the rising cost of living, etc, but look this is a decision for him. "My takeaway is that it does smack of sheer hypocrisy." DON'T MISS: Royal POLL: Would you like to see Harry and William reunited? (POLL)Oven cleaning: How to clean oven door glass under 5 minutes - ‘cheap’ (INSIGHT)Britons advised to 'leave watch at home' to 'save hundreds' on holiday (REVEAL) But Shadow Health Secretary Wes Streeting said the police investigation into the Durham beer-and-curry will highlight a "stark contrast" with Boris Johnson. When it was put to Mr Streeting that the event on Monday would have been a good opportunity for Sir Keir to speak to journalists, he told Sky News: "Well, he's been doing that all weekend. He's been doing it consistently since he was first asked questions about Durham. "Let's just remember this central fact, which is the police have looked at this before, they found no case to answer. No action was taken. There's no reason to think this time round will be any different. "What it will show is the stark contrast between Boris Johnson, who was fined, Boris Johnson who lied about there being any events whatsoever under his own roof, Boris Johnson who said all of that despite the fact we now know that officials were wheeling in suitcases full of booze into Number 10. "There is no comparison whatsoever between perfectly legitimate campaigning activity which Keir has never denied, and the actions of Boris Johnson and the people who work for him, which was rule-breaking, lying, completely unacceptable, and the fact that Boris Johnson is still there, I think, is remarkable and depressing."