Last month, Brenda Edwards made her return to Loose Women following the death of her son Jamal Edwards, who died in February at the age of 31. The former X Factor star has openly discussed her son's death, and during Tuesday's ITV show, she told her co-stars that she was thinking about getting a tattoo in his memory. Despite admitting she was against Jamal and her daughter Tanisha getting tattoos, Brenda wanted to pay a heartfelt tribute to her son. "Jamal did his and he went on holiday with Ed and came back with a tattoo already done," Brenda recalled. "Ed?" Coleen Nolan asked. "You mean Ed Sheeran?" "Yeah," Brenda nodded in agreement as Coleen joked: "Yeah, I just picked that name up from under the desk." READ MORE: ‘I wasn't a big fan’ Outlander's Caitriona Balfe speaks on key change Brenda continued: "And then Tanisha instantly said, 'Well, how come he's allowed to get a tattoo?' "He wasn't allowed he just went and did it. So, she went and did it as well. "You know, I'm like, 'There's no point in arguing'. She recently just did one... a Virgo, which was Jam's birth sign and his name. "And we're going to get a butterfly done, so I am going to do it, I am going to tackle it." Jamal, who was the founder of SBTV and helped to launch the career of Ed Sheeran, died suddenly on February 20. Brenda took a long break from her work duties but felt like she needed to return last month. At the time, she was supported by her Loose Women co-stars and was inundated with messages of love from fans. She also spoke with her pal Coleen about her son's death. In an interview, Brenda told Coleen she was holding Jamal's hand when he died. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Nicola King for affair as lies unravel [SPOILERS]'Things go wrong' Vera's Brenda Blethyn recalls filming blunder [INSIGHT]Alison Hammond shuts down Dermot in awkward relationship probe [VIDEO] “I was with him and his sister was with us, we were all at home," she explained. "It was sudden and it was unexpected and he went into cardiac arrest. "Then he passed with me holding his hand. "I get a little bit of comfort from knowing I was with him.” Brenda went on to admit that she remains "haunted" by that day and it's something she will "never forget". When Coleen asked how she was doing, Brenda explained she was “taking each day as it comes”. She added: “He always had this lovely, bright smile, just used to light up. He had this funny laugh. “I feel his presence constantly and I know I’ve always been somebody who has faith and who believes in that and that has been a massive comfort to me.” Loose Women airs weekdays at 12.30pm on ITV.