Rafael Nadal is not among the favourites for the French Open this month, according to rival Stefanos Tsitsipas. The Greek star was speaking after reaching the final of the Italian Open in Rome, where he was comprehensively beaten 6-0 7-6 by Novak Djokovic.  For the Serbian, it represented a first title in 2022 after a tempestuous period in his career. The world No 1's refusal to be vaccinated against Covid has left him short of match practice, excluded from a number of tournaments including the Australian Open. In his absence, it was Nadal who beat Daniil Medvedev in a thrilling final to win an unprecedented 21st Grand Slam title. And the Spanish icon instantly became the favourite with the bookmakers to also prevail in Paris this month, a tournament he has won 13 times before. However, his preparation has been anything but smooth ever since he lost in the final at Indian Wells to Taylor Fritz. After the match, the 35-year-old revealed he had been diagnosed with a stress fracture in his rib. JUST IN: Boris Becker confident of jail freedom 'by Christmas' as English teacher role surfaces He's since recovered but in Rome, the world No 4’s long-term foot injury flared up as he suffered a three-set defeat to Denis Shapovalov in his third-round match. And his fitness worries have proved enough for Tsitsipas, 23, to omit him from his tips for the second Slam of the year. On Twitter, tennis reporter Sasa Ozmo wrote: "Tsitsipas: Roland Garros favourites: Right now Carlos Alcaraz or Novak Djokovic. They both play great, great tennis." Alcaraz, 19, has been the breakthrough star of 2022, winning tournaments in Miami, Barcelona, and Madrid. DON'T MISS:Daniil Medvedev return date set in huge boost ahead of French OpenRafael Nadal dispels retirement fears despite comments on future after injury scareNovak Djokovic's son was busy playing tournament while Serb won Italian Open title  During that run, he has beaten both Nadal and Djokovic, and is being heavily backed to better his run in Paris in 2021, when he reached the third round. But the latter seemed to send an ominous warning to rivals with his form in Italy. After beating Tsipitas, he said: "Like the previous years, I knew that my best shape on the clay is usually coming around Rome time so couldn’t be better time obviously coming into Roland Garros with the title in this wonderful tournament."