Newcastle look set to beat AC Milan to the signing of Lille star Sven Botman after making a 'new super offer,' according to reports. The Magpies have revived their interest in Botman after failing with a bid in January and could benefit from a delay in AC Milan's takeover. Botman, 22, has impressed for Lille since making the switch from Ajax in July 2020. Having earned suitors across the continent, the defensive prodigy could look for pastures new with no European football on the cards at the Stade Pierre Mauroy next season. AC Milan were said to be the frontrunners for his signature should their takeover go through, although a financial boost has yet to be secured by the San Siro side. And according to Calciomercato, that has opened a window for the Magpies to pinch him from under the Rossoneri's nose. The report claims that Eddie Howe's men have made a 'new, strong relaunch' in their bid to land their long-term target. A move was made in the January transfer window, although a deal did not come to fruition. They had supposedly given up all hopes of securing his signature and admitted defeat to the newly-crowned Serie A champions. But the news has given Amanda Staveley and her recruitment staff a second bite at the cherry. Another defensive target, Sevilla's Diego Carlos, is set for a move to Aston Villa, meaning there is now even more importance on a move for Botman. But Howe claimed that whilst improvements will be made in the summer, there will be no revolution despite their upturn in finances. “I am happy with this squad while acknowledging that time never stands still," Howe said back in April. “You have to continue to improve and evolve so I have no problem looking outward and saying we do need certain things. But I do not think it will be the revolution that everyone thinks it will be, and it can’t be because we are under financial restrictions.” And the boss claimed that stars such as Kieran Trippier and Bruno Guimaraes joining whilst the club was in a relegation battle shows that the club has a specific pull for big names. “Full credit to him (Guimaraes) for coming into a team in a relegation battle because that is not something that should be overlooked. When he, and all the other players, joined in January the team was in a difficult position," he continued. “They wanted to take on the fight. I mean, Kieran [Trippier] left a Champions League team to join a team fighting relegation. That says something about the pull of Newcastle, but also something about the characters and the individuals themselves.”