Kathleen Jennings, 83, pressed the alarm bell to call for help after being attacked in her own room at Mayfield Home, in Crewe, Cheshire. Nobody reportedly came so the mum called police herself and messaged her daughter saying "please help me Jayne". Cheshire Police attended the nursing home and "appropriate safeguarding measures" have been put in place following the incident on Monday April 25. It is alleged the attack was carried out by a fellow resident. But Kathleen’s daughter, Jayne Forshaw, is now calling for a full investigation after accusing staff of not attending to her mother despite her repeatedly calling for help. The 64-year-old, from Werrington, Staffordshire, describes feeling "alarmed" when she first read her mum’s text on the morning of April 25. She told Stoke-on-Trent Live: "When I woke up I saw messages from my mum and the text said 'I’ve been attacked, please help me Jayne. Get the police'. I was alarmed. I got hold of her and asked her what had happened. She was hysterical and couldn’t breathe properly. "I feared she was on the verge of a heart attack with the way she sounded on the phone. She said 'I’ve been attacked by a resident'. "What happened was at 6.30am she went to her door and unlocked it. Immediately a resident walks in who she has never seen before. She said, 'What are you doing in my room?' and they replied 'this is my house so get out of here now'. She said 'no, it’s my room'. "They ran towards her so my mum pressed the alarm bell to contact staff - and nobody came. They were there trying to get to my mum."  Jayne continued: "She managed to get to the door with her walker - which she can’t walk without - and then they hit her across the head four times. They then grabbed her walker and threw it down the corridor. They then started hitting her arms. I believe she is black and blue on her arms. "She got next door to the woman in the other room and the door was open so she went in and told the woman 'I’ve got someone attacking me'. My mum is trying to lock the door and she said to the lady to ring the bell and get staff here. "The lady rang her bell but nobody came when there was someone at the top of the landing terrifying my mum. After that my mum called the police and they came immediately. My mum was put back in her room and the other person was taken downstairs." Jayne says her mum was put in the back of a taxi and sent to Leighton Hospital, in Crewe, alone. Kathleen has been in hospital since the incident and now her family don’t want her to return to the home when she is discharged. Jayne added: "Nobody came to help her and I feel absolutely distraught. My mum has a serious heart condition so has a 'do not resuscitate' (DNR) in place. When I’m on the phone to her sometimes she gets an awful pain in her chest and I ask her to ring her bell and get somebody to check her blood pressure. There have been times when she has rang the bell and nobody has come - and on this occasion it wasn’t until the police came that they saw what was going on. "I’ve insisted with her social worker that she must not go back to the home. I do not want her back there for her own safety because I know she will be terrified and she will work herself into another heart attack, possibly the end. It’s imperative that she does not go back to that home. "I rang the home and explained to them that I want a full investigation into why the alarms weren’t answered when she rang. I feel very disappointed."    "Any old person would be scared if someone walked into their room unannounced. She is devastated and if she recovers I don’t think she will be the same again," Jayne said. “She says she is scared and can’t sleep very well. She said 'It’s damaged my mind', it’s completely destroyed her. I won’t settle for anything less than a full investigation into that home.” Mayfield House is currently rated as "requires improvement" by the Care Quality Commission. It can support up to 51 residents. Stoke-on-Trent Live has approached Mayfield House for a statement following the incident involving Kathleen. Police were called to the home at 8.43am on April 25. A Cheshire Police spokesman said: “Police were called to reports of an incident at a care home on Mayfield Mews, in Crewe. “The caller reported that they had been hit in the arm by a resident at the home. Officers attended the scene and spoke to those involved. No arrests have been made but appropriate safeguarding measures have been put in place.”  