 The Foreign Secretary Liz Truss has devised new legislation to overrule elements of the post-Brexit deal to be implemented by the summer unless the European Union budges. Though the legislation on unilateral action has already been drawn up by Ms Truss, she stated in Parliament on Tuesday that the “preference remains a negotiated solution with the EU”.    Following talks at Hillsborough Castle, Sinn Fein accused Boris Johnson of “reckless” threats, but the UK has said that talks can only continue if the EU agrees to rewrite parts of the protocol, which has so far been ruled out. Speaking to Dan Wootton on GB News, Nigel Farage said that the “biggest fear” surrounding these actions “is, does the Belfast Agreement, the Good Friday Agreement break down completely over all of this?” He continued: “Mercifully today that has not happened, but you never know after all this is Northern Ireland.” Ms Truss reassured Parliament saying: “Our first priority is to uphold the Belfast Good Friday Agreement in all its dimensions.”   Boris Johnson tweeted on Monday: “Today I am visiting Northern Ireland with a clear message: the UK Government will play its part to ensure political peace & democracy, but the parties must come together to restore power sharing and tackle cost of living pressures.” He added: “We must have a functioning Assembly and Executive, so it can deliver for people in Northern Ireland. “There is no substitute for strong local leadership on issues like schools, health, and the economy. Stormont must get back to work.” When Mr Wootton asked Mr Farage if the Government had “let down the people of Northern Ireland”, he replied that they had been “betrayed”. READ MORE: Agnetha Fältskog health: ABBA star on the band's 'ailments'   He said: “Like a cheap pair of braces. Absolutely. “They really have…if you start the breakup of the United Kingdom with Northern Ireland, who knows what the consequences are for Scotland and elsewhere.” He added: “They have been betrayed. “Don’t forget, the Prime Minister explicitly told them there would be no border in the Irish Sea and there is.” Farage also warned that if the Unionist parties do not “get themselves together, they’re in real danger” as “the split in Unionism is threatening the Union far more than the so-called rise in Sinn Fein, whose vote was only up by one percent.” DON'T MISS: Boris Johnson MUST scrap protocol and ‘put Northern Ireland before EU’ (POLL)Suitcase packing: The 'folding' method to 'carry more' in your bag (INSIGHT)FIA president breaks silence on Lewis Hamilton facing Monaco GP ban (REVEAL)  On Monday, the Foreign Secretary spoke to Simon Coveney, Irish Minister of Foreign Affairs and said: “I underlined our commitment to solving the issues with the Northern Ireland Protocol, protecting the Belfast (Good Friday) Agreement by re-establishing the NI Executive and ensuring ongoing cooperation with our closest neighbour.” Mr Coveney warned that any unilateral action from the UK could undermine and “erode” the peace process and that there would be a “consequence” if UK actions cause instability in Ireland. 