Being a farmer had always been a dream career for Sam Stables – but the reality nearly destroyed him. Overwhelmed by exhausting working hours and isolation, and feeling unable to talk to even his closest family and friends, he couldn’t see a way out. One day, while his wife Emily was at work, Sam prepared to take his own life. But what sounded like a final “I love you” conversation with his mum led to Emily alerting a neighbour, who found Sam just in time. “With farming, so much is out of your control,” says Emily, 40. “It could be the weather, your stock dying, unpredictable prices. Plus, if you’re out lambing in a field or on a tractor all day, it can be really lonely. “I think if the stigma around mental health within farming hadn’t been so strong then Sam would have accessed help before things got to crisis point.” Sam adds, “Farmers are often seen as big, burly people who can battle the weather, so it’s important to break the stigma of discussing mental health. I’m the biggest lad myself and I can cry like a baby.” Sam’s experience had made the couple all too aware of the lack of mental health support available for farmers. So they set up their own charity, We Are Farming Minds, based at the estate in Herefordshire where they farm. In September 2021, the charity received £10,000 of National Lottery funding to set up the helpline, and a further £137,292 which will allow it to run and fundraise for the next two years. By playing The National Lottery, you raise £30million every week* for good causes like We Are Farming Minds. As well as operating a 24-hour helpline, the charity also funds counselling and gives mental health awareness training to the wider agricultural community, including vets and feed reps. “These are the people who are out on the farms and can recognise the symptoms of depression,” Sam explains. “We wanted to give them the tools to know what to say and what to do.” Now Sam and Emily have been nominated in this year’s National Lottery Awards, which celebrate the ordinary people using National Lottery funding to do extraordinary things. This year’s National Lottery Awards have six different categories, with the winner of each receiving £5,000 for their organisation. Do you know someone who has gone above and beyond to inspire change, brought their community together or taken on a major challenge? Nominating them is quick and easy using the website below. “We’re so excited to be nominated,” says Emily. “The feedback we get has been amazing, and to know we’re making that kind of impact is pretty special.” *Based on figures from April 2020 - March 2021