Raheem Sterling could call quits on his Manchester City career this summer as Real Madrid line up a blockbuster £50million deal. Real are planning to secure a stellar attacking signing in response to Kylian Mbappe's last-minute snub, favouring a Paris Saint-Germain stay. Sterling hasn't entered talks over a new Man City contract as he enters the final 12 months of his current deal, and he is understood to hold a long-standing desire to spend part of his career at a big club elsewhere in Europe. The 27-year-old has long been on Real's radar and could be tempted to switch to the Santiago Bernabeu this summer. Los Blancos president Florentino Perez was left 'seething' after Mbappe informed him of his intention to remain at PSG, the Daily Star report. Perez is 'desperate' for world-class attacking reinforcements, and his fume was only intensified by Man City's quick work to snap up a deal for Erling Haaland under his nose. Sterling is no longer a certain starter under Pep Guardiola, and Haaland's Etihad Stadium arrival will only restrict his minutes further next season. And like any international player, the forward will be hungry for regular game time to ensure he's a key figure in Gareth Southgate's England squad for the Qatar World Cup in November. JUST IN: Man Utd co-owner Avram Glazer assures Erik ten Hag transfer backing In February 2020, Spanish outlet AS interviewed Sterling, and he didn't keep his admiration for Real under wraps. The cover photo even showcased him with a Man City shirt draped over one shoulder and the iconic white of Real over the other. He said: "How do I answer that one [whether he'd like to play for Real one day]? "Is the camera live, or is it just taking pictures? No one knows what the future will hold. I am a player, and I am always open to challenges, but right now, my challenge is at City, and I'm really happy. I have a contract with City now, and I have to respect this. Real Madrid are a fantastic club. When you see the white shirt, you know exactly what the club stands for. It's massive." READ MORE: Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag hints at Harry Maguire role next season  Sterling has only known success across his seven years at the Etihad Stadium since joining Man City from Liverpool in 2015. Sunday's Premier League title triumph was his fourth at the club, joining four League Cups, an FA Cup and a Community Shield in his trophy cabinet. The elephant in the room, or cabinet, is undoubtedly the Champions League trophy, which Real have lifted a record 13 times while Man City continue to fall at the final hurdles. If the Spanish giants make a concrete approach this summer, he will have a big decision to ponder. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here