Celebrating the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, BBC soap EastEnders and the residents of Walford are throwing a street party, which has been organised by Mick Carter (played by Danny Dyer). BBC bosses managed to get Walford their most royal visitors yet as Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall, Camilla, are set to appear in the special episode. Rocky Cotton actor Brian Conley opened up about their visit and revealed the awkward encounter he had with the couple. Joining Morning Live hosts Gethin Jones and Sam Quek on Tuesday, Brian explained what it was like to star alongside royalty and how he was involved in the scenes. He explained: "We got a royal visit, and it was extremely nerve-wracking for all of us because nothing was scripted. "And of course, the royals are visiting Albert Square, so we have all be in character, and whatever questions they ask us because we didn't know, none of it was scripted, and we had to answer as our characters. "I didn't really get to meet them personally because to win over Sonia Fowler (Natalie Cassidy), my plan is to host a talent competition at the Albert. READ MORE: Gentleman Jack's Suranne Jones talks 'tiring' Anne Lister role "I have organised two look-a-likes to judge the talent competition, so I get extremely confused and think they are a couple of look-a-likes, Trevor and Maureen. "They haven't got time to walk around the square, they have to come and judge the competition, and my first line is, 'Oi you're late', and I was so nervous." Detailing how he found the entire ordeal slightly awkward, Brian went on: "I was like, 'Do they know I am going to shout out oi your late?' and so I did it quietly, I thought if I did it quietly, they might not hear me. "But then I get pushed away by the police and explained too that they are the real Charles and Camilla. "It was a truly a wonderful day and a nod from the royals, and for them to visit our Jubilee Garden street party was amazing," he praised. Their Royal Highnesses visited the set of EastEnders back in March, where they met the cast and crew of the longest-running BBC soap before making their acting debut. During the episode, which is set to air on BBC One on Thursday, June 2, the residents and partygoers will receive the surprise of a lifetime. Both Mick and Linda Carter (Kellie Bright) welcome the Prince and Duchess to Walford. DON'T MISS...Queen's Gold State Coach seen for first time in 20 years [INSIGHT]Ross Kemp hits out as he heralds Jubilee weekend [LATEST]Platinum Jubilee in numbers: 70 facts and figures about the Queen [WATCH] Speaking about meeting the royal couple and what it was like filming the scenes, Kellie explained: "I did think what amazing sports that they are just willing to do it. "I just thought, wow, they’ve never done anything like this before. They didn’t really know what to expect. "I mean, it must have been nerve-wracking for them and completely out of their norm. So I just hope they enjoyed it as much as we did!" Executive Producer Chris Clenshaw said: "We are truly honoured to have both The Prince of Wales and The Duchess of Cornwall appear in what is set to be one of EastEnders’ most special episodes. "Linda Carter is naturally in her element and giddy with excitement as their Royal Highnesses arrive in Walford. "But it wasn’t just her as for all of us at EastEnders, it was an extremely special day that will go down in EastEnders’ history.” The historic stint from the royals marks the first time ever members of the Royal Family have appeared in the BBC soap. EastEnders airs weekdays from 7:30pm on BBC One.