Thomas Tuchel can save the Chelsea career of three of his players by changing formation, according to European football expert Gabriele Marcotti. Tuchel often played with four at the back at his previous clubs and Marcotti says Christian Pulisic, Callum Hudson-Odoi and Hakim Ziyech would all benefit from that change. The Chelsea boss has more often than not played with a back three since replacing Frank Lampard in January 2021. He has undoubtedly had success with that formation, winning the Champions League last season. However, the Blues stuttered towards the end of this campaign and ended without any domestic silverware. They only secured third spot in the Premier League in the final week of the season after being tipped by many to challenge for the title. Marcotti says Tuchel's current formation does not suit the likes of Pulisic, Hudson-Odoi and Ziyech because it does not accommodate wingers. He doubts whether there is a future at Stamford Bridge for the trio if the system does not alter. READ MORE: Cristiano Ronaldo 'missing farewell meal' speaks volumes about Man Utd star  Marcotti told ESPN FC: "He's been tinkering with his front three all season long. The one guy who's sure to be there is Mason Mount. "Then it's been about finding the right partner. I think they have a lot of players that just don't fit his system. "He hasn't always played a back three, he could opt for a back four. Especially in the past, that's been his base formation. DON'T MISSLiverpool 'have dream transfer for 2023' after Tchouameni's private declaration [TRANSFERS]Arsenal 'make decision' on meeting Arthur price-tag with Juventus swap on offer [GOSSIP]Man Utd's Ronaldo brutally taken down as Man City teenager's jibe comes to light [REPORT]  "Then you maybe start to think about wingers coming into play, maybe Callum Hudson-Odoi, maybe Pulisic is better in a wide area in a 4-3-3. Maybe there's other opportunities there. "But if he's going to keep some variation of this system with Mount and two other guys, then some of these people are simply square pegs in round holes. Whether it's Ziyech, who's a phenomenal footballer, whether it's Pulisic, whether it's Hudson-Odoi, it's difficult for these guys." Timo Werner is another played to have struggled under Tuchel. However, Marcotti never bought the argument that bringing in a German manager would help the forward adapt to life in the Premier League.  He added: "I've read so many things like 'because the German-speaking players will respond better to Tuchel'. They all speak English! What is this nonsense? "He'd never worked with Timo Werner before. On paper, if you got the Leipzig Timo Werner, of course it's going to be [good], who wouldn't want that? "But for whatever reason it's been two years, there's been issues, he's on a big salary, so he's difficult to shift as well."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here