Rob Staines is a consumer travel expert and contributes to BBC show, Rip off Britain. He told Express.co.uk that the more people pack the more likely they are to be stopped. Rob said: “Don’t pack too much in your hand luggage. Keep it simple and to a minimum. “If you are taking liquids make sure they are under 100ml and fit into the clear plastic bags available at airport security. “As a general rule, use these bags and not your own as they may be rejected by staff, and make sure the bag actually seals shut! “Generally speaking, the more you pack, the more likely you are to be stopped and searched which delays fellow travellers behind.” READ MORE: Simon Calder shares essential tip amid passport chaos He added: “Take off as much as you can at security! Don’t turn up dripping in jewellery, keep it simple and easy. “Anything metal, either don’t wear it or take it off. Even if you’re wearing trainers or shoes which likely won’t set off scanners, take them off.” Getting prepared before security will save passengers time and help to keep the process speedy for other travellers. Rob said: “Don’t arrive too early. Generally check-in opens two to three hours before departure. “It’s very tempting but going through busy security channels before you need to will add to queues and may cause delays for those behind with an earlier flight.” Sometimes queues are unavoidable and passengers could end up missing their flight if they get stuck. Rob said: “If you miss your flight and it was the airline’s fault you are entitled to a refund and cash compensation. “However, missing a flight because of queues at security isn’t the airline’s fault and airports don’t have policies in place for compensating passengers. “You may be able to take your case to court but this will be costly. You may be able to claim on insurance but it’s very dependent on your policy. “Some airlines will let you change to a later flight so it’s important to speak to them as soon as possible. “Keep evidence and document that you did everything right, take a photo on your phone showing the date and time you got to security. “Keep a receipt from a shop in the terminal/car parking ticket with date and time.” British tourists should try to preserve as much evidence as possible if they want to try to claim on a missed flight. However, Rob was optimistic that the situation may improve before the busy peak summer period. He said: “By the summer airports will have had enough time to plug the gap in labour shortages and devise better processes to deal with high demand. “New regulations passed by Government also mean firms can start training staff before they’ve been security cleared which will expedite recruitment.”