Frankie Bridge, 33, has changed her mind regarding doing I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here! all over again. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, the Loose Women star admitted she might consider taking part in the All-Stars version of the hit ITV show. The spin-off show could potentially be filmed in South Africa and feature the reality show’s most popular former contestants. Asked whether she would consider competing in the All-Stars version of I'm A Celebrity, Frankie said: “Oh lord I don’t know! “While I was in there I said never again. But never say never!” During the interview, Frankie spoke out about her experience on the programme as she revealed the hardest thing she went through. The ITV panellist came third in the latest instalment of I'm A Celebrity, with Emmerdale star Danny Miller finishing in the top spot. Looking back at her time on the show, Frankie recounted the challenges she faced. She said: “Apart from being away from family. “The cold was really hard. I didn’t realise just how cold it would be 24/7, and not knowing the time.” The TV star added: “Something that I didn’t think would bother me.” Frankie also featured in an emotional on-screen moment as she opened a letter from her husband Wayne Bridge, 41, and two sons - Parker and Carter. The singer broke down in tears as she received her family’s message in Wales' Gwrych Castle. But emotions were running high at home too, with Frankie’s husband, Wayne, documenting the moment as it aired. DON'T MISS:Rebekah Vardy's future 'in tatters' after ‘complete disaster’ trial [NEWS]'Was cast out' Dan Walker says he was branded 'security risk' [UPDATE]Jada Pinkett Smith fights back tears - 'Terrified little girl' [INSIGHT] In a clip uploaded to Frankie’s Instagram profile, Wayne shared that their son Carter was upset because he thought his mum would not receive the letter. He captioned the video: “Carter was upset this morning as he thought mummy wouldn’t get his letter.” Wayne could be heard in the background talking as the camera panned to Carter. The football star told his son: “She hasn’t read yours. “Someone else reads it to mummy. Look.” The camera then panned to the TV screen, where Frankie could be seen unable to hold back her tears. Carter could then be seen smiling, as Wayne asked: “Happy now?”