Minister for Brexit Opportunities and Government Efficiency Jacob Rees-Mogg told BBC Breakfast host Naga Munchetty the broadcaster has "absolutely loved" discussing the Government's Partygate scandal. The minister hit back at Munchetty's questions on the lockdown breaches and deemed the matter a "non-story". As the interview got underway, Munchetty had to interrupt the politician to ask whether the Partygate fines have affected the Conservative government's reputation.However, Reese-Mogg hit back: "I'm afraid I think this is a non-story and the BBC has absolutely loved it."What is important is that we get on the business of government."Munchetty, who appeared taken aback by Rees-Mogg's comment, fumed: "I'm sorry but why do you think this is a non-story?" READ MORE: Eurovision semi-final 2022: Serbia’s Konstrakta causes stir The BBC journalist continued: "Have you not heard people genuinely upset, devastated, that people in Downing Street thought it was okay to break the rules which they set while other people did not break the rules and missed out on meeting dying family members?" Rees-Mogg responded: "I think people were upset, this was an important story in February when it first became known, and there was a great concern." However, the minister explained the Government needed to look at the rules to see if they "were ever right in the first place" in case there is another pandemic in the future. He admitted: "I think they were too restrictive, I think not allowing people to provide comfort to the dying was a mistake.  "It was a mistake made for good reason because we were very worried about the pandemic at the time, but we do need to look at that and we should never do that to people again." Munchetty wanted to clarify the politician's interpretation of the coronavirus rules which were in place at the time. She said: "The fact that more than 100 fines have been issued is a 'non-story' because the rules that were set in the first place were too rigorous and they were too strict?" Rees-Mogg replied: "The fines were a consequence of what happened in February and it was a story in February and people now know about it and can make their judgement on it and there are other things which are going on which are more important." DON'T MISS...Naga Munchetty blasted for 'outrageous slur' on Eurovision [VIDEO]Naga Munchetty reacts as guest says Charles could've 'sexed up' speech [LATEST]Huw Edwards made £25,000 on top of BBC salary in ONE month [EXPLAINER] He told Munchetty he has been phrasing himself quite carefully and stressed how important it was for inquiry to look into whether the rules were too strict during lockdown. The interview came in the wake of the Metropolitan Police announcing 100 Fixed Penalty Notices have been handed out as a result of the investigation into the Partygate scandal. Downing Street confirmed Boris Johnson was not among the cohort of rule-breakers this time. Many BBC Breakfast viewers took to Twitter to comment on Rees-Mogg's appearance on the news programme, with Martin Newman remarking: "I don't think Rees-Mogg realised just how ridiculous Naga made him look in that interview."  Sir Stuart Mills added: "We’ll move on when the police have finished their enquiry and the Sue Gray report is released and masses amounts of people are sacked/resign." Jen fumed: "It is not a non-story! The Tories want it to be one as they don’t like being held to account." However, @hasingbaby commented: "I think this is an incredibly important admission from Jacob Rees-Mogg. "The Covid rules set by the Government and which we all abided by to our incredible cost were completely ignored by the people who made them because they knew how ridiculous they were." BBC Breakfast continues on weekdays on BBC One at 6am. 