Below Deck has been airing on Bravo, with fans in the UK able to watch via E4. The series documents the lives of crew members on board superyachts as they tour during charter season. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the show's future. The previous seasons of Below Deck have seen different crews onboard Honor, Ohana, Eros, Valor and My Seanna. Lee Rosbach has been captain for the previous seasons and fans hope to see the star again. Thankfully, Bravo confirmed on May 12 that the series has been renewed for a 10th season. The upcoming instalment is likely to be extra special as it marks an important milestone. Lee will be celebrating 10 years as part of the series if he makes a comeback. READ MORE: Mike Tindall in candid admission about daughter Mia Alongside the series renewal, Bravo also confirmed Below Deck Mediterranean will return for a seventh outing. Fans of the series and its spin-offs will be pleased to hear a new show, called Below Deck Adventure, will be airing in the autumn of 2022. The new series follows charter guests in the glacial fjords of Norway. Here, they will take part in dog sledging, heli-skiing, cold-water plunging and fishing in the Scandinavian waters. Bravo is yet to announce an official release date for the 10th season of the original series. Captain Sandy Yawn shared the news on Twitter and fans expressed their "excitement". Below Deck star Eddie Lucas has since opened up about his time on the show and claimed he was "not invited back" for the 10th season. The full cast for the new series is yet to be announced. DON'T MISS... Coronation Street theory: Tracy Barlow homeless by Ken [THEORY] Below Deck's Chef Ben takes savage dig at Hannah Ferrier [DISCUSSION] Malia White boyfriend: Who is the Below Deck Med star dating now? [INSIGHT] Below Deck Mediterranean's Stewardess Aesha Scott has spoken out about working in the yachting industry. Giving tips to those considering joining the yachtie lifestyle, she told FEMAIL: "Do it young while you've got energy. "Do it single because you don't have any time for anything else other than what's in your bubble, and lastly it's not a career - you'll do it for five years or ten if you're crazy." However, she did say boat romances were not a bad thing. The star added: "If you're under that much pressure doing such a hard job and you can have this weird little fling, a little bit of entertainment on the side, I'm like go for it! "As long as it doesn't affect your work." The latest season of Below Deck was made up of 15 episodes and came to an end in February 2022. Sean Meagher took over as captain for the first two episodes, with Lee picking up the role for the remainder of the season. The reality show continues to receive mixed reviews from television critics. Below Deck will return for season 10 on Bravo soon. The series is streaming on Peacock and is available on the Bravo app.