Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William faced heavy criticism over some of the choices made during their recent eight-day tour to the Caribbean. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge sparked backlash after being pictured riding a vintage Land Rover whilst in Jamaica, a move mimicking the Queen over 50 years ago and drawing parallels to colonial times. Daily Mail Royal Editor Russell Myers suggested Kate and William are now reconsidering their approach to royal tours to avoid further fury and to ensure they meet the standards of a modern Royal Family. Speaking to 9News, Mr Myers said: "People I'm speaking to are saying that they want to go and do things totally different for the monarchy. "I think that will be the first thing on their chart sheet when they look at the way the tour went in the Caribbean. "Because when you look at them riding on an open-top Land Rover that the Queen used 60 years ago, and this was one of the major sticking points in the tour, that people thought this was a throwback to colonial past, it was tone-deaf, it really did hurt people within the country. "William and Kate weren't really alive to sentiments not only in the country but around the world." READ THE LATEST UPDATES ON EXPRESS.CO.UK'S ROYAL FAMILY LIVE BLOG The comments come amid reports of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge holding "crisis talks" with royal aides to limit the criticism they face while on tour. The couple visited Belize, Jamaica, and the Bahamas as part of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Kate and William were met with some protests on all three legs of the journey as locals demanded an apology and reparations for the role the Royal Family played in the slave trade. The republican movement has gained ground in all three nations, with Jamaica warning they are prepared to hold a vote to remove the Queen as their head of state. DON'T MISS Beatrice and Eugenie shut out of roles despite brokering Harry visit [INSIGHT] Prince William erupted at photographer during outing with children [REPORT] Prince William target of Prince Harry's controversial protection swipe [REVEAL] The warning came less than a year after Barbados cut its final ties with the UK in November, ditching Her Majesty and becoming a parliamentary republic. Prince William fell short of offering an apology last month as he declared in a speech he felt a "profound sorrow" over slavery. Sophie, the Countess of Wessex and Prince Edward were met with similar protests as they embarked on their own tour of the Caribbean. The pair was forced to cancel their visit to Grenada after being advised they would not be welcomed, and later faced protests in St Lucia, and St Vincent and the Grenadines.