Sarah (played by Katie Hill) has been taking a backseat from the drama on Emmerdale of late, with the youngster milling around the village as she is living with her grandmother, Charity Dingle (Emma Atkins). With her mother, Debbie Dingle (Charley Webb) somewhat out of the picture, she has come to see Noah's (Jack Downham) mother as her own. This could be the very reason, in upcoming scenes on the ITV soap, she encourages Chloe Harris' (Jessica Elland) stalker to face the consequences of his actions. The drama continues in next week's episodes as it becomes very clear there is a chance Noah could be going to prison for what he's done. Viewers will be watching in upcoming scenes as his solicitor tells Noah of the defence plea they will be putting in for him. Although furious, the young man tries to keep his cool as he knows an outburst will not work in his favour whatsoever. Despite the plans being in place for him to plead guilty when he returns home, the stalker tells his mother that's not going to happen. Instead, he tells Charity he wants to leave the village and go on the run as he knows he won't be able to live a normal life in the Dales. READ MORE: EastEnders theory: Beloved family torn apart in resident exit plot Noah has not only upset the likes of Chloe and his mother, but also Amy Wyatt (Natalie Ann Jamieson), Kerry Wyatt (Laura Norton) and many more. Not agreeing with her son, Charity tells him he will take to the stand and confess to what he did to Chloe by invading her privacy. Frustrated he hasn't got anyone on his side, the troubled character storms out of the house, leaving his mother deeply concerned. It is Sarah who eventually finds the young man sulking over the fact if he pleads guilty, he could be looking at a prison sentence. As they talk, she encourages him to go to court and attend his hearing, knowing full well what could lie ahead for him. With Debbie now living in Scotland, Sarah could feel sometimes she is having to fight to get some attention from a parental figure. Charity is the closest person she has who takes on that role but at the moment, she has no time for anyone else but Noah. This could be making Sarah very frustrated as she knows the young man doesn't deserve someone to be worried about him. However, if he were put behind bars, it would give Sarah the perfect opportunity to swan in and take his place as the apple of Charity's eye. She would have no interest in what happened to Noah but will her grandmother find out what lengths she went to in order to get Noah sent to prison? DON'T MISS...Emmerdale star Liam Fox shows off fairytale home with co-star wife [PICTURES]Sally Dexter: Star on family's history of heart problems [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock 'shocked' over 'sheer weight' of stroke plot [COMMENT] By the time he arrives in court for his hearing, Noah is still not sure whether he is going to plead guilty to stalking or not. This makes his mother extremely anxious as she knows there could be a greater punishment afoot if he doesn't acknowledge what he's done. She and Mackenzie Boyd (Lawrence Robb) sit in the viewing docks as they wait to see how the case is going to play out. As the judge reads out the list of charges, it seems everything is pointing towards Noah making an exit from the soap. Will Sarah's plan really work and will she be central to more of the drama in the village with Noah out of the way? This could even possibly result in Sarah taking part in a stunt, which the actress who plays her, Katie, has been wanting for a while. The soap star said: "I love working at Emmerdale just as much as my first day, and I feel so grateful to be able to be doing what I love most as my job. "When it comes to my dream storyline, I can’t really think of a specific one, but something I’ve always wanted to do is film either a big stunt scene or get the chance to film underwater. "I thought the scenes with Cain and Nate during the boat stunt were so good to watch, I’d love to film something like that, she told Metro.co.uk. Could it be if Noah doesn't make an exit, he will go after Sarah as he begins to understand her motive for wanting him out of the picture? Even though Sarah has become somewhat darker over the past couple of years, Katie has promised the true essence of her character will always be there. The soap star explained: "It was funny when Sarah started acting out a while back, I think they assumed she’d turn into a naughty teenager. "Everyone felt sorry for Sarah when she was in and out of hospital – she went through a lot as a young girl. "However, I think she’ll always have part of that sweetness and loving side to her, and that’s the side I really love to play out," she explained in an interview with Inside Soap Magazine. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.