Beat the Chasers returns to ITV soon with The Chase quizmasters back on hand to try and stop members of the public from winning life-changing sums of cash. However, for the first time since the Bradley Walsh-led spin-off began, Anne ‘The Governess’ Hegerty won’t appear after contracting COVID-19 when filming began. Anne and her replacement Issa Schultz spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk at this year’s BAFTA TV Awards about the new series and how the new quizmaster found stepping in “terrifying”. “This is Issa,” Anne said on the BAFTA TV Awards red carpet. “He’s one of our Australian Chasers. “When we were filming Beat the Chasers which starts a week tomorrow, I caught Covid beforehand so they had to fling him on a plane and bring him over.” Issa then weighed in to detail his own reaction to the sudden change. “It was terrifying, we are lifelong friends,” he began. “We worked together on the Australian Chase since 2015. READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly mocks Boris for 'underestimating' Susanna Reid “So I’ve known her for a long time and it was sort of, ‘Issa, can you help me out?’ “‘I’d be delighted,’” Issa explained before he went on to describe his time in the UK for filming. He said: “(It’s) quite different. You’ve got some good quizzers here in the UK. “I brought the Australian weather for you. Happy to help you with that,” the new Beat the Chasers star quipped. Anne went on to explain why Issa was the perfect replacement, saying: “What happened was Issa is the only Australian Chaser who was born in the UK. “So he was the one person they could put on a plan and he wouldn’t need a visa. “So really he was, you were the only choice,” Anne cheekily remarked. She added: “Not to take anything away but we could have gone down to five Chasers.” DON'T MISS:Alison Hammond showcases trim figure at BAFTA TV AwardsMichelle Keegan and Tess Daly lead red carpet glamour at TV BAFTAsNcuti Gatwa makes red carpet debut as new Doctor Who in risqué outfit Outlining why show bosses went against the idea of reducing the number of Chasers, Anne explained: “But the thing is the big bosses wanted the super offer which you can only do when you have the option of all six Chasers, “And to have six Chasers, they had to have Issa,” she revealed. Issa weighed in: “We had super offers - spoilers! It starts a week tomorrow. It starts on May 16.” Anne went on to joke about the number of quizzers on the show, chipping in: “I don’t know if we can make the table big enough. “Everyone will have to have massive widescreen TVs,” she joked. Issa also revealed he’d love the chance to return for future series, saying: “I’m saying yes (to a return) because I want to come back.” The rest of Anne’s The Chase co-stars, such as Mark ‘The Beast’ Labbett and Jenny ‘The Vixen’ Ryan, will all return when the new series gets underway. The BAFTA TV Awards air on Sunday at 6pm on BBC One.Beat the Chasers begins on May 16 at 9pm on ITV.