Former EasyJet chair Sir Mike Rake said that while “a lack of available labour supply from the European Union” was a “difficult” problem for the airlines, allowing additional IT issues to further complicate this was akin to an “own goal”. He added that they “can’t allow IT to put them down” during such a difficult stage in the aviation industry. It comes as EasyJet apologised to customers yesterday after a software failure forced it to cancel some 200 flights.    Sir Mike told Nick Ferrari on LBC: “Honestly, there are two things here. One is difficult for the airlines, to be fair to them, and that’s labour shortages and getting people in. “That’s exacerbated in this country because of a lack of available labour supply from the European Union. “But honestly on this IT side, this is an unnecessary own goal and they’ve got to get on top of this. “And on the other side, we’ve seen British Airways move some of their plants to Spain in order to get more labour in.    “I think they are making every effort they can to be fair and deal with this. “It’s better, to be honest, to reduce the number of flights rather than have flights cancelled. “You know, I’ve been at Heathrow recently watching and just as flights were about to leave, they were being cancelled. “I think we’ve got past that stage hopefully but it’s a complex industry. They can’t allow IT to put them down.” READ MORE: Airport CHAOS for travellers as long queue snakes into car park [REPORT]  EasyJet cancelled 200 flights yesterday after complaining that a software failure compromised their system. A further 11 Gatwick flights have been cancelled today as the airline continues to battle with the issue. In a statement, the airline said: "EasyJet can confirm that the earlier IT systems issues have now been rectified. "Unfortunately, they resulted in some cancellations earlier today and while we expect to operate most of our remaining flying programme some may still be subject to some disruption in the coming hours." DON'T MISS: EasyJet Manchester passenger stuck on plane for hours - ‘traumatised' [REPORT] Manchester Airport chaos as flights grounded as 'armed police' step in [REVEAL] easyJet 'chaos' left autistic boy sleeping on floor at airport [REVEAL]  Holidaymakers were stranded abroad and others arrived at domestic airports to find their flights had been cancelled just 10 minutes before it was due to depart. Members of the public took to social media in their droves to bemoan the issues, with one user claiming she was "stranded in Paris until tomorrow with an autistic child". Flights due to depart between midday and 2pm GMT were affected, the low-cost carrier said. But the cancellations carried on into the afternoon as the airline struggled to overcome the IT issue.   