Tennis star Carlos Alcaraz pulled off arguably the shot of the year during his French Open round of 16 clash with ​​Karen Khachanov, receiving a standing ovation for his efforts. Alcaraz booked a quarter-final spot in style, after defeating Khachanov 6-1, 6-4, 6-4. The Spanish teenager has seemingly carried on the form he showed heading into the tournament whilst at Roland Garros, and pulled off a piece of skill that showed just why he is tipped as the sport’s hottest prospect. After taking the opening two sets, Alcaraz’s opponent Khachanov looked to battle his way back into the clash after tying up the third set 3-3. Just as the Russian began to get himself back into the match though, the teenager pulled off a shot from the ages by playing a tweener lob (through his legs with his back to his opponent) over Khachanov to win the seventh game of the eventual last set. The Russian could only watch on as the ball remarkably looped over his head, sending the Parisian crowd crazy. Those watching rose to their feet to applaud the shot and the talent shown by the Spanish star. One man who was also left stunned was English tennis legend Tim Henman who could be heard shouting: “Oh my goodness!” whilst commentating on the match for Eurosport. JUST IN: Rafael Nadal's uncle speaks out after new pupil Felix Auger-Aliassime loses to Spaniard  Watching the replay he added: “Such a good low volley. Khachanov does so well to get to this and this is intentional, to play the lob through the legs. Shot of the tournament, or shot of the year? Probably both.” Following his round of 16 win Alcaraz will now take on the man he defeated in the recent Madrid Open final, world No. 3 Alexander Zverev in the quarter-finals. Waiting for the Spanish star after that is no doubt his toughest test, with the winner of the blockbuster clash between Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic taking on either Alcaraz or Zverev. DON'T MISSMurray shares Wimbledon dragon look as he learns first grass opponentFrench Open fans slammed for 'disrespectful' booing of Novak DjokovicNaomi Osaka details terrifying experience running from false 'shooter'  Both Djokovic and Nadal have dominated the event in recent years, with the last five French Open titles going to either the Serbian or the Spaniard. Alcaraz though is ready to break this mould, commenting: “Well, I just, if I am winning, I'll just play against one of them. I think I'm ready. Alcaraz - who defeated both Nadal and Djokovic in a matter of days on the way to his Madrid Open - added: “It's different to play against them [here]. I mean in the Masters 1,000 or another tournament it's best of three rather than in a grand slam, but I would say I'm ready.” 