Specsavers says headaches, eye strain, or visual fatigue particularly when using screens are signs you may need glasses. The Mayo Clinic says: “Eyestrain is a common condition that occurs when your eyes get tired from intense use, such as while driving long distances or staring at computer screens and other digital devices.” Specsavers says: “It can be difficult for your eyes to focus for prolonged periods of time on screens. “Working from home or even watching TV for hours without any breaks can cause the eyes to become strained or fatigued, resulting in blurred vision or headaches. “Experiencing these symptoms doesn’t necessarily mean that you need to wear glasses — it could simply be a sign of computer eye strain. “But if you find yourself squinting at the screen to see clearly, or experiencing eye strain consistently, it might mean that you need to wear glasses to help you see clearly.” READ MORE: High cholesterol: Two visual clues on your face - 'it's a sign you have high cholesterol'  The Mayo Clinic says eye strain signs and symptoms include: The organisation says: “Generally, treatment for eyestrain consists of making changes in your daily habits or environment. Some people may need treatment for an underlying eye condition.”  The CDC says diabetic retinopathy is a common complication of diabetes. It is the leading cause of blindness in American adults. “It is characterised by progressive damage to the blood vessels of the retina, the light-sensitive tissue at the back of the eye that is necessary for good vision,” explains the organisation. The NHS says your ophthalmic practitioner or optometrist may recommend you have an NHS sight test more often than every two years if you:Are a child wearing glasses The health body says if you are concerned about your sight before your next NHS sight test is due, you should visit your ophthalmic practitioner or optometrist. It states: “They'll be able to carry out an NHS sight test earlier than planned if it's considered clinically necessary. “If you want a sight test more often than your ophthalmic practitioner or optometrist considers clinically necessary, you'll have to pay for a private test.” It notes if you are not eligible for a free NHS sight test, you'll have to pay for a private test. Laser surgery is available on the NHS for eye conditions that, without treatment, can lead to loss of vision, including blindness. These conditions include diabetic retinopathy, some types of age-related macular degeneration and some specific diseases of the cornea, such as recurrent corneal erosions. The health body adds: “Certain groups of people are entitled to help with the cost of repairing or replacing their glasses or contact lenses. “To qualify for help with the cost of repair or replacement, your glasses or contact lenses must not be covered by a warranty, insurance or after-sales service.”