As one of CBS’s most anticipated finale, fans were not impressed when the network revealed SWAT would be delayed. Having been forced to wait longer, viewers took to Twitter to express their anger.  After the previous episode titled ‘Zodiac’ viewers were eagerly awaiting to find out Officer Chris Alonso’s (played by Lina Esco) fate. As she was making plans for her next phase in life, fans were concerned she would be leaving the team and more importantly Officer Jim Street (Alex Russell). Street undoubtedly would be left heartbroken as the two had finally got together, even though she still wanted to keep it from the team. However, fans were forced to wait even longer to watch the episode, as the finale faced major delays due to the PGA Championship. READ MORE: Coronation Street fans work out Phill's sinister link to Pat Phelan CBS took to Twitter with a statement, which read: “Attention CBS viewers, due to the late running Golf, CBS primetime Sunday schedule is delayed in East and Central Time Zone Cities.” In response, SWAT fans fumed as they responded to the network with angry tweets. @auntce suggested: “Maybe these sports events that run late they need to flip to another channel, after all they do it to college sports.” @DreamWriter28 added: ”I'm tired of this sports crap. Put them on the sports network for those of us who don't give a crap about them.”  @JuiceHansen complained: “Ridiculous. Just scrap one of the 60 Minutes, and keep everything on time, it was simple.” @nannyambie stated: “So frustrating!! I would rather watch my show on time! Most people are sick of this!” Another viewer @maryebrewer responded: “ggggrrrr So sick of all the regular programming running late on your channel because of sports of some kind! don't they have all kind of sports channels for that?” While @arthur_pendrgn wrote: “Can't stay up that--too early of a morning, glad this will be back on Fridays in the fall.” DON'T MISS...Zoe Henry children: How many kids does Emmerdale star have? [INSIGHT]SWAT season 6: Is there another series of SWAT? [INSIGHT]SWAT delayed: Season 5 won’t air this month in schedule shake-up [INSIGHT] Thankfully for fans, SWAT star Shemar Moore announced the series had been renewed for another season in April. He wrote: “Aaaayyeeeee!!!! Homies, Fans, n Baby Girls!!!!! You heard it here first!!!! “@swatcbs is renewed for SEASON 6 !!!!!! Another year of kicking a** coming your way… ROLL SWAT BABY.” [Sic] While fans will have to wait to find out about any casting shake-ups, CBS’ fall schedule revealed the show would be moved to Fridays.  Which viewers have labelled as the “best news ever.” Season five saw a major milestone for the series, as they celebrated its 100th episode with an episode which seemingly showed Hondo (Shemar Moore) shooting two police officers. While the cast and showrunner have kept tight-lipped about the upcoming plot, fans can expect more hard-hitting and thrilling episodes when SWAT returns late this year. A release date has yet to be announced, however, express.co.uk will be updated. SWAT is available to watch on CBS in the US and is available in the UK on Sky Max. 