Freddie Turner was playing with friends in Wakefield, West Yorkshire, when a dog entered the garden and attacked on Wednesday, April 20. The young boy was then rushed to hospital for puncture wounds he suffered during the attack and is now recovering. The boy’s father told Yorkshire Live that although Freddie was recovering physically, he was still suffering from the mental anguish brought on by the attack. He said: “He keeps reliving it, and if he sees a big dog he tries to hide.” “It chased them around the front garden, so they’ve run into the back garden to go into the back of the property, and the dog jumped up and grabbed hold of Freddie and pulled him into the middle of the garden and tried tearing him to bits." Freddie’s eight-year-old sister then called their parents screaming, when their father arrived, he found Freddie “bleeding on the floor”.  He added: "He had to have plastic surgery. He had a lot of puncture wounds to his shoulder and his chest and his back, and he had a big cut underneath his arm which needed stitching back up." Freddie is believed to have been one of many victims attacked by the same dog. A 62-year-old man was reportedly bitten and police received a report that a person had been injured by a dog nearly a week after the attack. West Yorkshire police have said the dog was described as an Alsatian and two males had reportedly taken the dog after the attack. Inquiries were being made to identify the owner of the dog.  READ MORE: Cruel dog owner left pet to starve to death in cage Dog attacks, including fatal incidents, are on the rise in the UK. According to The Canine and Feline Behaviour Association, there was a 54 percent increase in dog attacks from 2020 to 2021. In 2022 so far, there have been four fatal dog attacks including an attack on a 68-year-old man with Down’s Syndrome and 3 attacks which resulted in the deaths of children under the age of 3. Dr Sam Gaines, a dog specialist from the animal protection charity the RSPCA, said the large number of people buying puppies during lockdown may have led to an increased number of dog attacks. More than 3 million households have adopted a dog since March 2020.  DON'T MISS:Cancer warning: Study links dairy products to increased cancer risk [ANALYSIS]Disaster unfolds under Putin's nose - scared Russian generals fear  [REPORT]Tories lose first council as Boris braces for Wandsworth defeat [LIVE]  She said: "People found themselves in a situation where they wanted some companionship, wanted something for their children to look after.” Speaking to the Sun, she added: "Whether that led to some impulse purchases, or impulse acquisitions for people without asking: 'Do I have the time, do I have the resources and finances to make what is a very long-term commitment?' "We are worried that some of the incidents could be related to that." Dr Gaines noted that any breed of dog has the potential to attack, and attacks are more likely determined by factors such as abuse. The UK is a nation of dog lovers with an estimated 13 million dogs calling the country home, according to Statista, making attacks like these relatively rare. 