The current series of Outlander might only just have wrapped up but viewers are already keen to find out the progress of the next outing. Season seven got the green light on Outlander Day last year with the fandom elated at the news. Express.co.uk looks at when filming will start on the next series. There’s good news for Outlander diehards, filming has already started on season seven. Taking to Twitter, the Starz Outlander account confirmed the new series was in production on April 6, 2022. Along with a photo of the Frasers, a caption read: “The cast and crew are back at it - #Outlander Season 7 is in production!” At the time, Claire Fraser actress Caitriona Balfe took to social media to also post about working on the new series. READ MORE: Is there a season 7 of Outlander? Show's future explained She told her Twitter told her 540,000 followers: “Here we go …. Season 7!!!!!! What????? “Hard to imagine what we thought might be one season in 2013 is still going and we have all you amazing fans to thank!!!!!” The show will be filming on location in Scotland with fans getting a total of 16 episodes. The cast and crew are likely to be sharing updates from the new series as filming takes place. In fact, actor Sam Heughan even did a Instagram Live with his co-star Balfe after the season six finale to discuss how filming was going on the new series. He captioned the video: “Sad face @caitrionabalfe? It’s Droughtlander?! “No, there’s so much to celebrate!Season 6 @outlander_starz was our best yet and we are loving making Season 7. “Thank you all for supporting us and we can’t wait to share it all with you!x” DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan digs at Meghan Markle after Netflix cancellation [VIDEO]NCIS season 19: Fans praise actor’s daughter after her debut [TV REACTION]Ozark showrunner addresses hopes for spin-off as fans slam ending [INTERVIEW] Balfe confirmed the first two episodes of season seven have now been filmed and are “in the can” with the first block complete. While the Jamie Fraser actor added: “We have finished two episodes already, so I guess you guys have a lot to look forward to. The pair were doing the live video following a day’s filming and were both wearing hats to cover up their “post-wig” bad hair. Heughan admitted the day’s shoot had been “tough” but his co-star had admirably “carried” him. Balfe went on to say: “It’s been going well, we’ve had some good people.” Not only are the duo the leads on the show but they are now producers on Outlander and have more of an input on the creative direction. Starz has yet to share a release date with fans but it could be some time before season seven hits screens given its length. The show is expected to take its cue from the corresponding Outlander novel by Diana Gabaldon called Echo in the Bone. Due to the coronavirus pandemic, season six was pared back with only eight episodes. Outlander is streaming on Starz and Starzplay now