Liverpool are now sweating on the fitness of midfielder Thiago, after the Spanish star was forced off against Wolves at half-time at Anfield. The No 6 left play at the interval in the decisive season-ending clash, in which he had played an influential role in getting the Reds back on track. Liverpool were stung in the opening stages of the tie after a lapse in concentration saw Pedro Neto break the deadlock at the Kop end. Jurgen Klopp's men forced their way back into the match, with Thiago himself playing a sublime assist through to Sadio Mane to finish cooly when called upon, and level the scoreline at 1-1. In less than a week's time, Liverpool travel to Paris for the showpiece Champions League final against Real Madrid, in which Thiago is expected to be a certified starter. The former Bayern Munich man has become the first name on the team-sheet for Klopp this season, and had been widely credited with keeping Liverpool on course to win a historic four trophies. After colliding with an opponent in the latter stages of the first half, Thiago was seen trudging down the tunnel for the interval and did not emerge. A brief exchange with manager Klopp saw the German boss opt to substitute on James Milner in his place, for the second half against Wolves at Anfield. Liverpool now run the real risk of being without both Thiago and Brazilian star Fabinho for the final in Paris, after the latter missed the last few weeks of the season after being injured. With both the Carabao Cup and the FA cup secured, Liverpool still find themselves on the hunt for the Premier League trophy and the European cup, in what would be a feat never before achieved in English football. Speaking prior to the match, Klopp said: "We decided a while ago that we are men on a mission and we do that since then,” Klopp said to Sky Sports News. “We try to win football games and nothing changes since then. The boys have given us the opportunity to be in it today. “We just have to enjoy the opportunity and try to win the football game here today which is difficult enough. That's all I'm concerned about. We have to be in the right mood - the whole stadium. Outside it looks like it means a lot to the people today. We will see what happens. "I can definitely [enjoy it]. I could not be more proud of the players because it's absolutely insane, the strongest league in the world and to play the second half of the season like we did is special. While we did that we won two competitions, qualified for the Champions League final - it's crazy. I will enjoy it." 