As the country prepares to celebrate the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, body language expert Darren Stanton has analysed the Monarch over her 70-year reign. The Royal Family has undergone a lot of changes but the Queen has always remained “dignified and regal in public”. Speaking on her early years on the throne, Mr Stanton said the Royal Family were “quite detached” from the public with the Queen always wearing gloves when shaking hands. But the 96-year-old has “always been a people person” and would give everyone “100 percent attention” giving her an “innate ability to make others feel special which hasn’t changed to the present day”.  The Queen would occasionally bring her four children on royal visits but wouldn’t be as “hands-on” as Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William. Mr Stanton said: “If she had the Royal children in tow they were always looked after by an aide which is a stark contrast to that of William and Kate for example who are seen as very much hands-on parents.” The Queen was able to “drive the family forward” with her ”willingness to be even more open” as she settled into the role, Mr Stanton claims. He continued: “It’s also been reported that the Queen has a very, very good sense of humour and even to this day that appears to be the case where she makes people laugh and smile at public engagements.”  Speaking to Express.co.uk on behalf of Slingo.com Mr Stanton said the Queen has always recognised the Buckingham Palace balcony appearance “to be a very important part of both protocol and the means by which she still communicated with the public”. He added: “In the last few years the Queen, due to her advancing years and other influencing factors like Covid, has restricted the interaction between the Royals as the Queen now spends most of her time away from Buckingham Palace. “As Kate and William have been brought up the ranks as senior Royals it’s clear this tradition continues to be an important part of communication between the Royals and the public and they are the main players in continuing her legacy.”  READ MORE: Anti-Queen posters appear in nine cities days before Jubilee It is hoped the Queen will attend some of the Royal events being held, including the famous appearance on the balcony of Buckingham Palace with senior members of the Royal Family on June 2. It has been reported that Meghan Markle and Prince Harry will be in attendance at the weekend celebrations but won’t appear on the balcony. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex gave up their royal titles when they stepped down as senior royals in 2020. This will be the first time they have returned to the UK with their children since departing for the US.  A spokesman for Buckingham Palace released a statement that read: “After careful consideration, the Queen has decided that this year’s traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday 2nd of June will be limited to Her Majesty and those members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of the Queen.” The Queen is yet to confirm he attendance at each of the celebrations across the four-day weekend.A Palace spokesman said: “The Queen is looking forward to the weekend and will be taking part in the celebrations but her presence will not be confirmed until much nearer the time or even on the day itself. As you might expect, some adjustments have been made for the Queen’s comfort.“There will be no ceremonial journey to St Paul’s and Her Majesty is expected to arrive at a different entrance than on previous occasions.” 