Alexander Zverev has claimed he “won’t put up with” Carlos Alcaraz overtaking him as one of the favourites for the French Open, insisting it was only fine when it was Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic. It comes after the German said the 19-year-old was the “best player in the world” right now after losing to him in the final of the Madrid Open. Alcaraz became the bookies’ favourite for the French Open after winning the Madrid Masters and defeating the other two big contenders, Nadal and Djokovic, en route. The world No 1 has now become the favourite with some oddsmakers following his Italian Open victory but the top three spots remain shared by the same trio. One player who isn’t happy to be overtaken by the in-form teenager is Zverev, who was once the hot young prospect that Alcaraz now is. According to his brother, former world No 25 Mischa Zverev, the world No 3 is frustrated to see the 19-year-old being spoken about as a potential winner instead of himself. "Sascha said that the betting providers predict that Alcaraz would have the best chance of winning the French Open," the elder Zverev brother told Eurosport, discussing a conversation the pair had during a dinner. “Then he said: 'You know, when it was Nadal or Djokovic back then, it was okay. Now Alcaraz – no!'” JUST IN: Raducanu coaching claim scrutinised as Brit dubbed 'extra-curricular'   Zverev, who now helps in coaching his brother and is also a pundit for Eurosport though is yet to retire, quoted the 25-year-old as saying: “I won't put up with that. Now my time has come, now I want to win, I want to be the favourite and prove it to everyone.” His comments come after he suffered a 6-3 6-1 beatdown to Alcaraz in the Madrid Open final, where Zverev was the defending champion. In his runner-up speech, the German told Alcaraz he was currently the “best player in the world” but has appeared to change his tune, annoyed that the youngster has overtaken him. But Mischa believes his sibling can use the frustration to his advantage, noting that he was similarly upset when the likes of Nick Kyrgios were spoken about as top prospects ahead of himself in 2017, when he then went on to beat Djokovic to win his first Masters title in Rome and crack the top 10 as a 20-year-old. DON'T MISSRaducanu 'looking like Manchester United' after axing three coachesNadal retirement fears raised for French Open with injury 'different'Federer on course for comeback as surprise Wimbledon decision teased   The 2018 Eastbourne champion explained: "He wasn't in the top ten or 20 then and we were talking about which of the young players will be the next to break into the top 10. Four or five months later he was in the top ten, won Rome and is suddenly one of the best players in the world.” Speaking of his current frustration, Mischa added: “I hope he can use it to his advantage. Maybe he'll get his first Grand Slam soon." While Zverev isn’t one of the huge favourites for the French Open title, he has made the semi-finals or better of all three clay-court Masters tournaments this year and his older brother believes he can “At least the semi-finals” in Paris, but continued: “But I believe in the final or victory!"