Tomorrow is National Fibromyalgia Awareness Day, and The 1:1 Diet by Cambridge Weight Plan is celebrating Vanessa Thomas, who recently lost six stone. As a result, the 38-year-old has experienced incredibly positive health benefits. She spoke to Express.co.uk about her weight loss journey. Vanessa, who lives in Skegness, Lincolnshire, with her husband, Martin, and their two children, Will and Lillian, was diagnosed with multiple health conditions at the age of 30. These included fibromyalgia, myalgia encephalomyelitis (ME), adenomyosis and spine damage. The multiple painkillers and medication she had to take warned of weight gain, which concerned Vanessa, who was already struggling with her size. Fibromyalgia and ME left Vanessa with throbbing lower back pain and frequent discomfort when moving leg muscles. On top of this, she had neck pain that spread down her arms, irritable bowel symptoms, memory problems, emotional outbursts, fatigue, poor sleep and reduced mobility. READ MORE: Woman who was 'eating herself to death' shed 20st - here's how Vanessa said: “Due to my painful conditions, I suffered from a lack of mobility, and it really contributed to my weight gain. “My weight had ballooned to 17 stone nine pounds and I was so unhappy in my own body. “I was on the waiting list for a hysterectomy to help with my conditions and honestly thought that losing weight was hopeless. “In 2021, I was flicking through Facebook looking for a potential job and saw an advert for a The 1:1 Diet consultant. It instantly caught my eye and I decided to research the diet.” Vanessa signed up to The 1:1 Diet and has never looked back. DON'T MISS...'Best solution’ to fine lines and wrinkles according to skin expert [EXCLUSIVE]Food recall: Aldi recalls sandwich product over salmonella presence [NEWS]Kate Middleton re-wears Michael Kors dress & symbolic bee earrings [PICTURES] “The 1:1 Diet gave me hope,” she said. “I finally had faith I would be able to turn my life around. “Not only was the diet flexible, but it also suited my medical needs and lifestyle perfectly. “My consultant was vital to keeping me on track. The support was essential to my motivation and dedication to losing weight and getting my life back. “When the hospital called to book my operation, I had already lost a whopping three-and-a-half-stone from following The 1:1 Diet. I couldn’t believe it and the hospital consultant was very impressed,” Vanessa added. During the hysterectomy, Vanessa’s bladder was cut and damaged. She was left with a catheter and leg bag for weeks afterwards and doctors advised that her recovery may continue into December. Within four to six weeks, Vanessa was back waiting to have the bag removed. “The doctors were surprised to find out that my bladder had completely healed and I was back to my pre-op self.” Vanessa put her speedy recovery down to weight loss and The 1:1 Diet products being packed with vitamins and minerals. Vanessa continued eating healthily until, to her delight, she could get back on Plan and continue on her weight loss journey. “Flash forward to now and I am at my target weight of 11 stone wearing a size 14 clothes, having lost more than six stone and over 14 inches around my waist,” she commented. “Not only that, my life has completely turned around – my health and energy levels are so much better. “I’m not napping in the afternoon as much as I used to – I’ve even started doing some of the school runs again. “My migraines have stopped and my fuzzy brain, which fibromyalgia sufferers call ‘fibro fog’, has lessened. I’m not struggling nearly as much as I was before – I’m so thankful.” Vanessa’s husband, Martin, also joined The 1:1 Diet and successfully lost three stone. “Martin and I are now both 1:1 Diet Consultants aka 121 Team Thomas and our mission is to help others as they change their lives for the better,” she revealed. “We’ve helped our slimmers to lose a combined 30 stone so far and this is just the start. “I’m so proud to say that we have lost nine stone in weight as a couple and also gained a fantastic new career.”