Ian Wright believes Chelsea need to sign a replacement for N'Golo Kante this summer amid a "crazy" period for the west London club. Wright says the Blues may find it hard in the transfer market under their new ownership but still need to recruit in key areas. The UK Government has approved Todd Boehly's takeover of Chelsea after being satisfied previous owner Roman Abramovich would not receive any proceeds from the sale. However, Wright is struggling to fathom how that will impact the club's transfer strategy which became synonymous under Abramovich. Chelsea are set to be in the market for multiple defenders this summer, with Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen to leave at the end of their contracts. Cesar Azpilicueta's future is also in doubt amid reports of a potential move to Barcelona. But Wright also thinks signing a midfielder to replace Kante will be crucial. He says the France World Cup winner's injury record means he can no longer be relied on by Thomas Tuchel. READ MORE: Man Utd's Ronaldo brutally taken down as Man City teenager's jibe comes to light  Wright told Premier League Productions: "What's going to happen with Chelsea next season? Without an owner who used to just write off £100million every year. "Is the new owner going to be able to do that? Because that's how they've been able to do what they have been doing. "How's that going to happen now? They need defenders, they're going to need defenders. DON'T MISSBarcelona hold Carney Chukwuemeka meeting as Arsenal also target Aston Villa star [GOSSIP]Gary Lineker takes issue with Gareth Southgate's England squad as 'superb' star misses out [SOCIAL]Erik ten Hag ditches Sir Alex Ferguson's trusted aide in ruthless Man Utd decision [NEWS]  "Kante's starting to get a little bit of injuries, so they're going to need to replace him. What's happening with [Romelu] Lukaku? "It's just crazy what's happening at Chelsea. I can't really put my finger on it deep down. But form's gone, you see some of the games they've had, they've been so poor in the games." Chelsea boss Tuchel admitted last week that the uncertainty over the club's ownership has delayed his transfer plans. And he is wary of other teams being ahead of the Blues in the market because of it.  Tuchel said: “We have an idea, but unfortunately, the guys don’t know that we have an idea, nor do the club. We have ideas, but we also need to find out what the ideas of the new owners are. "This is also a key point, and from there, we go. Normally, at this time of the season, you are contacting players, you are out, you get a feeling, a read, you have discussions, you have dialogue, you have feedback, you know who is committed, you find your targets, you sign your players, and you go from there to the next step. "Because we didn’t have this step, this is where we are. Everybody else is driving from the start, and you are still not finding the right gear to get your kickstart."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here