Money saving expert Martin Lewis asked Chancellor Rishi Sunak how he proposes to help working families pay for soaring energy bills. In an interview on Facebook Live, he asked the Chancellor how the hard working families who are just above the threshold for benefits could survive without the extra £650 he is giving to others. The financial journalist asked the Chancellor to appear on a Facebook Live with him this evening to help explain the measures announced today. Earlier in the day he announced eight million people would benefit from an extra £650 to help them through the cost of living crisis. Everyone else will get £400 with disabled people receiving an extra £150. Meanwhile pensioners who qualify for the Warm Home Discount would receive an extra £300 on top. READ MORE: Martin Lewis asks Rishi Sunak what working families will get However Mr Lewis read out a question from a caller asking the Chancellor how the families who are just above the benefits threshold were supposed to manage. In response, Mr Sunak said: "Most people in that situation will be getting £550 of support from the Government this year. "They would have got £150 through the council tax rebate and another £400 in October. "As you rightly said we should concentrate on those people who are most in need accepting that no Government - or Chancellor - can sit here and say we can solve the problem for everyone." DON'T MISSRishi Sunak announcement: Full list of handouts for Britons [UPDATE]State pension payments set to change next month [ALERT]Martin Lewis delighted as Sunak cuts £400 off energy bills 'GOOD MOVE' [INSIGHT] He continued: "I would be lying if I said I could and anyone who pretends we can is not being straight with people. "But we do have universal support available with £550 and that's lots of other things we can do to help those people you've just mentioned. "We've raised the minimum wage, we're raising the National Insurance threshold in July to £12,500 meaning that person that you talked about is going to receive a £330 tax cut. "We cut fuel duty, we changed the Universal Credit taper for those people who are moving into work." The Chancellor continued: "So if you look at, for example, a single mother with two kids. "If they're working full time on the national living wage and they're renting as a result of all the changes we are making to the tax system, benefits system and support we've put in place, that single mum is going to be better off around £2,500." However, Martin said working families will only receive £400 plus the council tax rebate of £150 adding up to £550. With bills predicted to rise to £1,500, he said it's not enough to plug the gap. Earlier the Chancellor announced: