Material Girl legend Madonna has collaborated with digital artist Mike Winklemann, who goes by the name of Beeple, on a series of controversial videos which she claims depict her "giving birth". She appeared nude in a total of three videos, which revealed butterflies, flowers, centipedes and even a tree emerging from a 3D scan of her vagina. Some followers have slammed the star, who has hit the headlines numerous times this year for her series of increasingly raunchy Instagram posts, for being "desperate for attention". However Madonna has hit back that she is merely "doing what women have been doing since the beginning of time, which is giving birth". She added to bemused onlookers: "On a more existential level, I’m giving birth to art and creativity and we would be lost without both." The 63-year-old shared a behind-the-scenes look at the creative process with Beeple, as she prepared to appear as part of his Mother of Creation art collection. READ NOW: Meghan Markle's 'main issue' pointed out by Karren Brady After declaring earnestly that it was important for "a lot of thought and attention" to go into the creation of the videos, she decided: "I say we need a forest with creepy crawly bugs coming out of me." She then very accurately observed: "Not often does a robot centipede crawl out of my vagina!" The end product included a video of Madonna giving birth to a tree while encased inside a glass box. "My journey through life as a woman is like that of a tree," she narrated during the clip by way of explanation. "Starting with a small seed, always pushing against the resistance of the Earth. The endless weight of gravity." In a second video, she is spread atop a truck with her legs open wide while butterflies cascade out of her. This art piece was described as: "the metamorphosis journey of butterflies, which are one of the most beautiful creations in nature, and a sign of hope". The explanation continued: "The butterflies are a metaphor for the paradox that the world is burning down in a post-apocalyptic scene, but there is still evidence of life. DON'T MISS... Kelvin Fletcher's wife Liz announces arrival of twins in sweet post [UPDATE] Lorraine Kelly pays tribute to Deborah James after final post [TRIBUTE] BBC's Deborah James bids farewell as she moves to hospice at home care [LATEST]  "We continue to give birth, no matter what destruction is going on, no matter what oppression we face. "It relays the important message that if you are waiting for the world to be perfect or for your life to be perfect to create art, it will never happen." Meanwhile, the third video displayed a digitised version of Madonna giving birth to a "robot centipede". Opinion was divided about the credibility of the work, with the New York Times describing it as "porn" which was "filthy". However, many of Madonna's 18 million Instagram fans were full of nothing but praise for the star, with @josejacob100 exclaiming: "You are the greatest visionary icon of all time, queen!" That said, @jaimeboy seemed more interested in hearing her music, questioning: "But are you writing some new amazing pop songs?" The term NFT stands for "non-fungible token", which means a totally unique piece of digital art that buyers can purchase, trade or sell online using digital currency. Some art collectors have hailed NFTs as a great modern trend, while others argue that there is a high chance for those purchasing to lose their money or get scammed. However celebrities including Paris Hilton have also joined the trend, encouraging buyers to sell and trade digital images of her too.