Emmerdale's Manpreet Sharma actress Rebecca Sarker is set to compete in a new ITV show, The Games which will see celebrities competing in a series of tasks hoping to be crowned top of the medals table. There is a mix of six male and six female competitors who will have their fitness tested in multiple areas of sport. Rebecca Sarker opened up about her chance to take part in the games and admitted her children "wouldn't forgive" her if she missed out. The show, which was originally called The Real Games, was first announced back in December 2020 but was pushed back due to coronavirus restrictions. Touching on why she wanted to take part in The Games, Rebecca admitted: "I feel this is a once in a lifetime opportunity for me. "I was very honoured and surprised to be asked to be involved, and my children would probably never forgive me if I didn't take part. "It's an opportunity to learn new skills and new disciplines, increase my fitness and challenge myself." READ MORE: 'Disgusted' BBC Breakfast sparks uproar over Russian news coverage She continued: “People seem to think that I'm going to be very good at cycling, but I think that's mainly because I did the On Yer Bike Challenge, so that's slightly worrying me because the expectation is quite high. "This particular cycling, the velodrome cycling, is going to be very different to what I’m used to, which is just toodling about near my house on a road bike with gears and brakes. "That, unfortunately, is definitely not the case at the velodrome! Having said that, I do know my way around a bike, so I am looking forward to it," Rebecca exclaimed. The soap star also opened up about the "fear factor" that comes with each set of games and competing against people with different fitness abilities. She added: "I might be good, I might be terrible. It's the fear factor for that particular discipline, as it is for the diving. "I can dive off a boat in the Mediterranean, but I'm not sure I can dive off a three-metre board into a chlorine-filled pool, so to say I'm a bit worried about that is a bit of an understatement. “I think you have to be a little bit scared of things sometimes, though. It's not a bad thing to push yourself out of your comfort zone. Remind me I said all this when the time comes!” The five female competitors who will be joining Rebecca are Love Island's Olivia Attwood, Mel B's daughter Pheonix Brown, footballer Chelcee Grimes, model Christine McGuinness and journalist Lucrezia Millarini. DON'T MISS...The Games cast: Which celebrities are in the ITV sports show? [INSIGHT]Emmerdale's Rebecca Sarker left 'bruised and battered' after tough day [LATEST]Emmerdale's Rebecca Sarker bids sad farewell to co-star Paige Sandhu [WATCH] The six male competitors include former Strictly pro Kevin Clifton, The Wanted singer Max George, Harry Potter star Josh Herdman, Coronation Street star Colson Smith, Love Island star Wes Nelson and former Coronation Street star, Ryan Thomas. Hosting the event are Holly Willoughby, Freddie Flintoff, Alex Scott and Chris Kamara as they cheer on the celebrities. When The Games was first announced, many were excited to see this "new" concept TV show on screen, however, some felt they had seen the show before. The Games have been on before where it started on Channel 4 back in 2003 and it ran for three years until 2006. It was previously hosted by Jamie Theakstone and Jayne Middlemiss and saw Bobby Davro belly flop into the swimming pool during the diving event. Series two saw some intense rivalry between Lady Isabella Hervey and Katy Hill in the women's competition, with the socialite clinching the gold. The fourth and final series saw former Popstar Javine Hylton winning gold for the women's team with Damage's Jade Jones taking gold for the men. The Games begin Monday, April 9 at 9pm on ITV.