On June 2, the first day of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations, senior working royals are set to stand on the balcony for the traditional Trooping the Color appearance. Although they are returning to the UK for the celebrations, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are not appearing on the balcony. Speaking on Sky News, royal biographer Angela Levin claimed that the decision to not have the Sussexes on the balcony could be to "stop" Prince Andrew backlash if he were to appear for the momentous event. Sky News host Kay Burley spoke to Ms Levin on the show. Ms Burley asked: "Will we see them [Meghan and Harry] on the balcony?". Ms Levin replied, "No, the Queen has been firm about that". "The way she has done it is if you are not a working royal, you can't be on it. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry eye RETURN to Windsor with unexpected Frogmore bid "That's a way of stopping Prince Andrew from going out [on the balcony]". She continued: "I think there would be quite a feeling of anger amongst us all [if Andrew were to appear]". The Queen's second son Prince Andrew had a civil sexual assault case filed against him over claims made by Jeffrey Epstein accuser Virginia Giuffre. The Duke has repeatedly vehemently denied any wrongdoing. READ MORE: 'All is not well' Meghan's recent spate of appearances shows Sussexes are in 'trouble' His 2019 interview with journalist Emily Maitlis received enormous amounts of public criticism and following this, the Duke voluntarily stepped back from his royal duties. "I have asked Her Majesty if I may step back from public duties for the foreseeable future, and she has given her permission.", Andrew wrote in a statement released at the time. In January 2020, Meghan and Prince Harry announced, via their official Instagram account, that they were to step down as senior royals. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry 'trying to control' Jubilee narrative after snub [INSIGHT]Prince Harry and Meghan's new TV show 'smacks of desperation' [VIDEO]Prince Andrew broke Philip's memorial plans by escorting Queen [ANALYSIS] Following their departure, the couple decided to settle in California. Upon announcing the monarch would only be surrounded by working royals, Buckingham Palace said in a statement dated May 6. The statement read: "After careful consideration, The Queen has decided this year’s traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday 2nd June will be limited to Her Majesty and those Members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of The Queen." Prince Charles and Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall will be joining Her Majesty alongside Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge and their three children. Prince Edward, Sophie, the Countess of Wessex, and their children, as well as Princess Anne and the Queen's cousins, are also tipped to appear.