Meghan Markle and Prince Harry are reportedly filming a docuseries for Netflix as part of their multi-million deal with the streaming platform. Ex-royal aide Dickie Arbiter discussed the Sussexes' upcoming project and where it stands in comparison to their Oprah Winfrey interview last year. The pair sparked mixed reactions after discussing their experience within the Royal Family a year after stepping down from their official roles. Speaking on the Daily Mail's Palace Confidential, Dickie Arbiter said: "The immediate reaction [to the docuseries] is could it be any worse than Oprah". "My guess is probably not", Mr Arbiter said. Host Jo Elvin replied: "Really?". Mr Arbiter added: "Unless there's an Oprah-type figure who's going to be asking all sorts of questions and not questioning their answers. "This smacks of desperation. READ MORE: Zara Tindall launches new website - with no mention of Royal Family links or husband Mike "[This is because] Netflix is haemorrhaging money, it has cut productions, it's got The Crown coming out in November, which is a very costly production. "Harry's got his book coming out, either before or after, and Netflix want to show, this docuseries to coincide with it all [their projects]". He added: "It's a bit rich, two people who left the UK, walked out of the Royal Family because they wanted privacy, they've done nothing else but put themselves up front". Mr Arbiter added that, since their departure in 2020, "a week doesn't go by when there isn't some sort of statement coming out of their PR people". READ MORE: Royal Family: Meghan and Harry's balcony moment 'blocked by Charles and William' He added that despite "alarm bells" for the family, "I don't think the alarm bells will be ringing as hard as they did during the Oprah interview". During the Oprah interview in early 2021, the couple made some "bombshell" revelations about the Royal Family. During their interview with Oprah, they accused a member of the family - not the Queen or Duke of Edinburgh - of making a racist comment about their son, Archie. Meghan also opened up about suicidal thoughts whilst being pregnant with their first child. She recalls being denied any help during this time. DON'T MISS In January 2020, the couple announced, via their official Instagram page, that they were to step down as senior royals. Their last official royal duty took place in March 2020. Following their departure have settled in the US and have since welcomed a second child, a daughter named Lilibet, who was born in June 2021.