While writer Diana Gabaldon usually keeps tight-lipped about the fate and future of the much-loved Outlander characters, she has shut down one fan theory regarding Jamie Fraser (played by Sam Heughan). Jamie has been aware his wife Claire Fraser (Caitriona Balfe) can time travel since season one but has never been able to travel through the stones at Craigh Na Dun himself. Fans have been hopeful this might change in the future. Claire was shocked when she was hurtled back in time to 18th Century Scotland in the pilot episode of Outlander. She revealed her time travelling abilities to Jamie when they were wed to protect her from Captain Jack Randall (Tobias Menzies). However the two fell for one another and had a daughter, Brianna (Sophie Skelton) together. With Claire pregnant with Brianna, Jamie urged her to return to her own time in case he was killed at Culloden. READ MORE: Stranger Things season 4 release time: What time is it on Netflix? It wasn’t until 20 years later that Claire returned to Scotland and the 18th Century when she discovered Jamie had survived the battle. She was soon followed by Brianna who wanted to warn her parents of an obituary which claimed they died in a house fire. Following Brianna was Roger Mackenzie (Richard Rankin), who was in love with the young woman and wanted to confess how he felt. Brianna fell pregnant and went on to have son Jemmy, who was recently confirmed to be Roger’s child. When Jemmy was a toddler, the Frasers and Mackenzies learned he too has the ability to time travel. This meant it was just Jamie and his nephew Ian (John Bell) who knew about time travel but do not have the ability. Fans are keen to find out if this could change in the future with Mary Anne Dumas asking: “Diana, keep your creative processes up! “Your readers will love book 10 as soon as it’s completed. DON'T MISS...Outlander’s Jamie Fraser star Sam Heughan admits he’s ‘jealous’ [INSIGHT]Outlander’s Sophie Skelton on Brianna scene ‘pulled’ from series [INTERVIEW]Sam Heughan: Can Outlander star really speak Gaelic? [EXPLAINER] “I’m putting in my plug for you to creatively write in a way for Jamie to be able to travel into the future with his family & live out of his life at Lallybroch.” Unfortunately Diana isn’t keen to follow this storyline and replied: “Sorry, not happening.” It comes after Jamie star Sam admitted he knows how the story ends for his character and it’s all in an email chain. Speaking on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon, he explained: “I do, I know how it ends. “[Diana] revealed it to me. She revealed to me the ending a long time ago.” “She’s written the ending but hasn’t written it,” host Jimmy asked. Sam smiled: “It's in her head and my email chain. Let’s hope I don’t get hacked!” Outlander seasons 1-6 are available to stream on Starz in the US and StarzPlay in the UK.