Soon-to-be Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag is expected to completely reshape his squad in the summer. And despite the obvious need for improvements all over the pitch, interim boss Ralf Rangnick has hinted that there will be a mass investment into striker options. With Mason Greenwood currently unavailable, Marcus Rashford weighing up whether his future lies with the Red Devils and Edinson Cavani out of contract at the end of the season, United’s striker options are set to be scarce. Cristiano Ronaldo could be the only out and out number nine at United when Ten Hag takes the club’s reins. Ronaldo has been United’s saving grace this season with 17 goals in 28 appearances for the club despite claims that he has been the reason for the team’s poor campaign. And Rangnick refused to answer whether the Portugal captain would be part of Ten Hag’s plans when he enters the Old Trafford. And Rangnick refused to answer whether the Portugal captain would be part of Ten Hag’s plans when he enters the Old Trafford. Asked about how Ronaldo would slot in, Rangnick told Sky Sports: “This is a question you need to ask Erik ten Hag. JUST IN: Man Utd target Milinkovic-Savic's agent 'dealing with two clubs' "He's showed that he can still be a vital part of this team, but it's obvious the team needs some more strikers. There should be two or three new strikers next season, it's pretty obvious." United have been linked with Benfica prospect Darwin Nunez and Tottenham star Harry Kane recently. Both players are likely to cost United a significant amount, especially considering Spurs batted away offers of £100million from Manchester City over the summer – and are unlikely to be interested at the end of the season as they look set to sign Erling Haaland of Borussia Dortmund. DON'T MISS  Ten Hag has a reputation for rebuilding teams, whilst also tapping into the academy and giving young prospects the opportunity to cement themselves in his plans if they step up to the mark when called upon. As well as money-saving, it also binds well with Rangnick’s vision of United buying a variety of proven players but also those who need to be developed – similar to the model of Liverpool and Manchester City. He continued: "If you think of Manchester City and Liverpool, they brought in [players] every transfer window. They strengthened the team, they brought in players not that popular at the time when they signed and developed into the two best teams in the world. "I wouldn't be surprised if they play in the Champions League final in a few weeks. This shows it is possible that this can happen and it would not necessarily need three, four years in order to do that."