Out of all the bad Manchester United players against Brighton, Scott McTominay was arguably the worst. The Scotland international put in a dreadful display as his side lost 4-0, with Moises Caicedo, Marc Cucurella, Pascal Gross and Leandro Trossard all on target for the home side. However, as Erik ten Hag prepares to take charge, fans shouldn’t expect the 25-year-old to be going anywhere just yet. Manchester United entered their game with Brighton looking to build on their positive 3-0 win over Brentford on Monday night. However, despite sticking with the same XI that put the Bees to the sword, Ralf Rangnick’s side put in a shambolic showing at the Amex Stadium. The defeat means United are now poised to finish the season with their worst-ever Premier League points total. And McTominay has been coming in for criticism after going missing amid the heat of the battle and putting in a dire showing all game. The Scotland international won none of his seven midfield duels and was unable to cope as Brighton got in behind the Red Devils time and time again. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings But while McTominay has been condemned by fans in the aftermath of the fixture, he won’t be going anywhere under Ten Hag. The Guardian recently reported the Scot was one of eight players the 52-year-old wanted to build a team around. McTominay has been inconsistent this term but was highly-rated by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Jose Mourinho during their respective tenures. And Ten Hag, it seems, also believes the 25-year-old has what it takes to shine in the years ahead. McTominay, as stated above, isn’t the only player the future Red Devils manager intends on keeping. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Bruno Fernandes, Raphael Varane, Marcus Rashford and Jadon Sancho are set to play a big role under him. And so too are youngsters Hannibal Mejbri, Alejandro Garnacho and James Garner. While McTominay’s future at United is safe for now, however, there is an exodus expected to take place this summer. Dean Henderson is set to leave, having spent the entirety of the campaign being stuck behind David De Gea in the pecking order. At the back, there’s uncertainty over Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Harry Maguire, Eric Bailly, Phil Jones and Alex Telles. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz In midfield, United will lose Nemanja Matic, Paul Pogba, Jesse Lingard and Juan Mata for free. Likewise Edinson Cavani, who recently admitted he wouldn’t have stayed at United if he’d known Cristiano Ronaldo would be returning. And the futures of Mason Greenwood and Anthony Martial, for differing reasons, are also up in the air. Speaking after United’s defeat to Brighton, meanwhile, Rangnick was apologetic for his side’s performance. “We knew from our first game that we played [against them] at home that Brighton are a very flexible, technical team,” he said. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Always trying to play through your lines and to be creative. “So we knew that it was not enough to just enjoy yourself in possession of the ball. “The problem was we were not that often in possession of the ball. “In order to be in possession we should have won the ball, but we gave them far too much space and time. “After a performance like that I’m not the kind of person who is looking for excuses or alibis, this was just not good enough and I can only, once again, say [an] apology to our supporters and to everybody who is taking care of this club.”