The Good Morning Britain presenter lashed out at Shadow Secretary of State for Justice Steve Reed over the Labour leader's "fake" threats to quit if Durham Constabulary fine him over his lockdown beer with aides. Madeley told the minister a "sword of Damocles" is hanging over the Party's head on Wednesday's instalment of the ITV news programme.   As Reed was attempting to put forward his point, Madeley furiously interrupted, saying: "If you don't think [Starmer] broke the rules and he claims absolutely not to have broken the rules and is very confident about not being fined, why on earth has he offered to resign? "It's a sword of Damocles hanging over your party's head." Reed hit back: "The police will take the decision ultimately, not Starmer or I, but if he has breached the rules inadvertently he will resign as he has integrity and Boris Johnson clearly does not." A furious Madeley, who did not appear convinced by the MP's response, branded the situation "political theatre" and called Starmer's vow "fake". READ MORE: Colin Murray to replace Anne Robinson on Countdown in temporary role Reed, who was defending the Labour leader, added: "The reason this matters is that people think politicians are all the same but Starmer has proved that they are not. "He's put his career on the line if he has breached the rules but Boris Johnson thinks he can get away with breaking the rules and that the rules are only for the little people. "We need a higher standard of integrity and Starmer has shown he is prepared to stand by them and the Prime Minister is not." A confused Madeley insisted he did not understand how Starmer has to "threaten" to resign "when he is so confident he has not broken any rules".  Madeley asked: "It's a bizarre thing to do, and I will put it to you again, it's political theatre, isn't it?" Reed continued to defend Starmer and lambasted Johnson, but Madeley continued to interrupt the minister. "Hang on, if you don't know if he is going to be fined or not that implies you have some doubt if you don't know," Madeley stated. The minister admitted he might be wrong about Starmer and explained the matter will be up to the police. DON'T MISS...MP laughs out loud as Madeley says Lisa Nandy should be next leader [VIDEO]'What does it say about state of the monarchy?' Madeley slams Queen [LATEST]Richard Madeley digs at Meghan Markle over plans to be President [UPDATE] Madeley asked who could take over as the leader of the Labour Party if Starmer resigns. Reed scoffed: "Well there would be an election, I don't know who that will be. "Let's see who will put themselves forward when we get there - and I hope we don't." The politician stressed how he thought Starmer has "done the right thing" and said "you can't bunder on" in the way the Prime Minister has.  "Keir Stamer is a man of the highest integrity and that is why I backed him," Reed confidently told ITV viewers. It is understood Durham police's investigation is likely to last at least until June and any of the people present could face a fine if detectives decided they have broken the law. The Labour Party said its leader had stopped for food in the Durham constituency office in April 2021 and worked into the evening. Good Morning Britain continues on weekdays at 6am on ITV.