Shoppers were told that the 10p bag charge, introduced a year ago, would be spent on protecting the environment and on community projects. But after charging customers nearly £25million last year, retailers could only confirm how £11million of the windfall had been distributed. The revelation prompted a furious response from the MP who uncovered the figures, Labour's Barry Sheerman. He said: "I'm going to make life very uncomfortable for the supermarkets because I don't think they have a social conscience." Compulsory charges for single-use plastic bags from supermarkets were first brought in by the Government in 2015. Shoppers initially paid 5p per bag. The price then doubled last May and the scheme was extended to all retail businessses in England. But while retailers are legally required to tell the Government how much they collect, legislation does not specify how the money should be spent. Instead, ministers say it is "expected" that the cash will be donated to good causes. Environment Minister Jo Churchill published the latest figures in the Commons. She said: "During 2020/21, retailers reported they collected £24.8million in gross proceeds from the single-use carrier bag charge. "Despite impacts of the pandemic, retailers voluntarily reported that £10.9million was donated to good causes, contributing to the £190million donated since the charge was introduced in 2015. "While not required by legislation, once retailers have deducted reasonable costs for administration, it is expected they will donate all proceeds to good causes, particularly environmental causes." Mr Sheerman said: "The intention was very clear, that the proceeds would go to good causes such as protecting the environment, community projects and so on. But this tranche of money has gone into their back pockets.  "Most of the big employers in my constituency very responsibly invest in the local community. "You'd think the supermarkets would do the same, with the level of income they have." But retailers insist they are handing over more cash than the official figures show. Nadiya Catel-Arutyunova, sustainability policy adviser at the British Retail Consortium, said: "While large retailers report the number of plastic bags sold in England, they are not required to report their donations. As a result, the donation figures do not represent the full scope of charitable giving arising from the plastic bag tax." Figures show that the largest supermarket chains sold 294 million single-use plastic bags in the 2020-2021 financial year. Once smaller firms are included, a total of 488 million bags were sold - that's nine bags for every person in the country. 