Swarm season of honey bees is in full swing meaning that drivers are now more likely to spot huge colonies of bees flying around. Some of them can land on vehicles, but it’s nothing to worry about according to bee experts. Earlier this month, a car owner in Wales spotted a huge swarm of bees resting on their car’s back window. Photographs taken on the scene showed hundreds of bees covering the back of a Toyota. And, while the sight might have looked terrifying, it’s nothing to worry about, according to experts. The Toyota driver quickly alerted local beekeepers. READ MORE: Drivers could face jail and fines for giving tips on Facebook After arriving on the scene, the beekeepers removed the insects and placed them safely in hives. Experts have now warned drivers that the swarm season for honey bees occurs between spring and early summer. Drivers are most likely to see the swarms in the months of May, June, and July. The swarms are on the lookout for a new colony and are not intending to sting anyone. DON'T MISS 'Another tax on the motorist': Drivers furious at 20mph speed cameras [INSIGHT] Drivers plead for UK 'van plan' to move millions to electric vehicles [REVEAL] Drivers warned as Tyre Extinguishers vow to target more cars [WARNING] Each swarm has a queen bee and thousands of worker bees who protect her. Lynne Dockerty, whose father helped remove the bees and has been a beekeeper for over 20 years, told WalesOnline: "My father and his friend Gareth have been beekeepers for many years now, they're two of the many local beekeepers around here. “So they go out and collect the bees in the swarm, remove them, and put them into a hive to keep them safe, which is really important. “We get called out to all sorts, some people have them in their attic, we had one in a palm tree the other day." Ms Dockerty continued: “The honeybees are just following the queen, so it's just a case of removing the queen and all the rest of them follow. "It's quite a simple process, but we offer to collect these swarms as a free service. “We don't charge for anything, we do it because we care about the environment and care about the bees." Ms Dockerty also provided some tips on what to do if drivers spot a swarm of bees resting on their car. She said: "Don't panic, don't try to remove them yourself. “If you interfere with them, then they probably will sting you. “You've got to call someone to help remove the queen, so contact beekeepers in your local area. “You can go through your local authority or a lot of people usually get in touch with us via social media, as was the case with the swam in Twynyrodyn this weekend." Sue Fink, another beekeeper, agreed with Ms Dockerty’s advice. She told Manchester Evening News: "When you see swarms of bees attacking people in a film, that will not happen in real life. "Because a swarm of bees is sworn to defend the queen bee, who is in the middle of that swarm. “All they’re interested in is in protecting their queen. “You could walk past the swarm, you could stand and watch them, or sit underneath them, and they would completely ignore you. "Remember, worker bees are sworn to protect their queen. “And if you disturb them with a stick and if the queen bee moves out, then the worker bees would be frenzied and they would sting you."