With the cost of living looking set to rise even further this year, we're all desperately trying to shave a few pennies off the monthly outgoings. Saving energy, cancelling streaming services such as Netflix and switching to a SIM-only plan can all save some cash but there's another very simple way of boosting your bank account. If you use an iPhone or Android device and love downloading the latest apps there's a chance that you may have signed up for small monthly subscriptions. Some of the most popular titles on both Apple and Google's app stores are free to play but then offer premium upgrades to bring more features to their services. There are applications which charge a one-off fee for bonus extras but there are also plenty of apps and services that ask for a recurring monthly charge. This payment can just be a few pounds per month - which doesn't sound a lot - but it's easy to keep signing up for more plans and then forget about them. Because each payment is relatively small, you might not even notice the money being taken from your balance each month. Luckily, the tech big firms make it pretty easy to check what you are paying for and cancel anything you're no longer using. READ MORE: Own an old Apple iPod? You might be surprised by what it's currently worth Here's how to check what your monthly subscriptions are. ON APPLE'S iPHONE • Go to the App Store app on your iPhone • Tap your profile picture in the top right-hand corner • Select "Subscriptions" from the list of options • Here you can see what you're subscribed to and how much each plan costs • To stop paying, simply tap on the subscription plan and tap Cancel ON GOOGLE ANDROID • Open the Google Play app Google Play. • At the top right, tap the profile icon. • Tap Payments and subscriptions and then Subscriptions. • Select the subscription that you want to cancel. • Tap Cancel subscription and follow the on-screen instructions. It's definitely worth taking a look at your upgrades as you might be surprised by what you are paying out each month. Along with cancelling plans, there are other ways you can save money especially if you use an iPhone. Apple currently offers its Apple One plans to customers which include a number of subscriptions at a cheaper price. For example, Apple One Individual includes Apple Music, Apple TV+, Apple Arcade and 50GB of iCloud storage for £14.95 - saving £5.80 per month. If you want to save even more you can also sign up for the Premier plan which also includes Apple Fitness+, Apple News+ and 2TB of iCloud storage for £29.95 per month - that saves £22. With food, fuel and energy prices expected to rise further this year now could be a good time to get your digital life in order and save some money!