Tom Kealy decided to move to Berlin from Bristol four years ago after he realised he could save a whopping £400 on rent. Like so many young people in Britain, the 34-year-old was struggling to afford the UK’s astronomical rental prices. The young professional had to decide between taking either a job in Berlin or a job in Norwich. Not wanting to live in a house share, Tom was looking at paying an eye-watering £900 a month for a one-bedroom flat in Norwich. In Berlin, the equivalent property cost just €600-€700 (£503-£587). Tom took the job and now shares a home in Berlin with a housemate that costs him half the price of a flat in London. “I honestly couldn’t believe the difference in average rents,” he said. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to clean washing machine drawers - 'cheap and effective’  Tom, who is a statistician, said he had thought about moving home but said that it doesn’t make “financial sense”. The renter also said moving to Berlin has meant that his salary has increased. He earns the equivalent of £75,000 a year in Berlin, including bonuses. The same job in the UK pays between £50,000 and £60,000.  DON'T MISS‘Rule to remember’ when using paint for a ‘smoother’ finish [INSIGHT]Alan Titchmarsh on what to do with ‘tatty’ daffodils after flowering [UPDATE]Interior designer shares home decor trends estate agents ‘dislike’ [ANALYSIS] Tom told The Daily Telegraph: “It feels like there is nothing I can do right in the UK. “If I moved back, I’d probably be forced to live at home with my parents in Wales.” Last month, it was revealed that rental prices have surged in the UK due to a lack of supply. The average rental asking price in the UK has increased to a new record high, according to Rightmove. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The UK’s largest property portal found that the average asking price per calendar month increased by 10.8 percent year-on-year to £1,088 outside London. In London, the average asking price per calendar month has surged by 14.3 percent to £2,193. Andrea Gilbert of the London Renters Union, a tenant group, said: “The rent rise crisis is leaving renters with little left over for food and essentials and facing rent debt, homelessness and being forced away from their community, all of which has a huge impact on mental health.” Rental prices also increased by 1.8 percent in the first three months of the year.   The reason prices are rising is because there is a divide between demand and supply. Demand for rental properties has increased by six percent and the number of rental properties available has dropped by 50 percent over the past year. Anya Martin of PricedOut, a campaign group, said there are not enough homes being built which is forcing “hardworking young people out of the country”. She added: “Many people think rising house prices and rents are the natural order, but a glimpse at other countries' housing markets shows that this is not the case.”