Michael van Gerwen has revealed that he was inspired by Ronnie O'Sullivan's recent World Snooker Championship triumph and that he would love to match the 46-year-old's tally of seven world titles over the coming years. The Rocket produced an incredible showing to defeat Judd Trump in Monday's final at the Crucible in a performance that saw him draw level with Stephen Hendry's all-time record in some style. O'Sullivan will also return to the top of the world rankings as a result of his latest achievement, a position that he first attained two decades ago back in 2002. Van Gerwen has since revealed that he enjoyed watching his 'big friend' scoop yet another World Snooker Championship gong before claiming that he would be thrilled to match O'Sullivan's number of titles over the course of his career in darts."It's good to be back to winning ways,” Van Gerwen told Sky Sports ahead of his match against Joe Cullen in the Premier League quarter-finals on Thursday evening."It's always nice to win tournaments again. Don’t get me wrong, it takes a lot of hard work, takes a lot of doing, but it starts to finally pay out. I also get a lot of inspiration from my big friend Ronnie O'Sullivan, so he did well and I finally managed to do well too. JUST IN: Ronnie O'Sullivan's past 'insulting' comment on BBC's SPOTY "It gives me big motivation. He's been doing it for so many years and of course I want to do it for a long time as well. It takes a lot of doing, but when you're able and your head is right, you definitely can do it."That would be nice, but it's a bit too far away at the moment. I think there's more competition in darts at the moment than snooker. Of course, there's people that can beat Ronnie, but there's not many."Meanwhile, it remains to be seen whether O'Sullivan will be able to beat Hendry's record by clinching an unprecedented eighth World Snooker Championship title before he eventually decides to put his cue away for good. He suggested after his latest win on Monday that he could keep playing for the foreseeable future but insisted that he is no longer motivated by trophies, money or anything other than his love for the game. "I could probably pitch up and maybe win one or two matches in my mid-50s but I’d have no chance of winning it [another title]," said O'Sullivan. "I don’t need the money. If I’m enjoying it and having fun with it then I’ll play as long as I want to play."I don’t consider myself the greatest ever at all. I won’t consider myself the greatest if I win eight. I don’t want to be considered the greatest. I want to be known as someone who loves snooker and loves playing."I’m not bothered about awards, trophies or accolades. I just want to enjoy my life, be happy and have some peace. We’re not here forever so it’s about being content." FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE