Her Majesty has seen the monarchy transforming into a more relaxed institution over the years, royal biographer Andrew Morton claimed. While key members of the Firm, including Princess Diana and the Duchess of Cambridge have played a role in making the institution closer to everyday Britons, it is ultimately down to the Queen to agree to the evolution of the monarchy, the expert believes. Asked if he believes the Queen likes Kate and Prince William's more relaxed approach with the public, he told OK! magazine: "Yeah. I mean, she’s not of that generation, [not] as touchy-feely. "Diana very much was, that was part of her character and nature instinctively, but the Queen is still the Queen after all. "Certainly, as she said herself, lessons had to be learned after the death of Diana. "I think we’ve seen her gradually breaking free from the past. "The monarchy to me now seems more of a relaxed institution than it’s ever been and I think that’s down to the Queen. "There is still formality there, but it’s much more relaxed than it was 50 years ago." Mr Morton, who famously wrote in 1992 a biography of Princess Diana, also claimed the monarch sees Prince William and his wife Kate as the future. He said: "She’s spent a lot of time with Prince William and with Catherine and I think she sees them very much as the future. READ MORE: Meghan Markle’s father rushed to hospital following fears of 'stroke' "She’s no fool – she knows Prince Charles is going to be an interregnum, like Edward VII, so the family that will carry the burden for the monarchy going forwards is the House of Cambridge." The Queen is marking this year her Platinum Jubilee - the first to have ever been celebrated in the history of the UK. While the Jubilee year starting on February 6, the anniversary of the Queen's accession to the throne, the country and the Royal Family will come together to celebrate the historic milestone between June 2 and 5, during an extended bank holiday weekend. As the 96-year-old monarch has been experiencing episodic mobility issues over the past months, it isn't clear how many of the events scheduled she will be able to attend. In the run-up to the historic weekend, it has been claimed aides have been taking special measures to ensure the Queen can attend as many events as possible while being comfortable. Among arrangements rumoured to be planned, there is the sovereign attending the Trooping the Colour parade via car rather than in a carriage. Nevertheless, she is expected to attend the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral on June 3 and the Epsom Derby the following day. The Queen has been missing a number of key in-person visits since October last year, including the reception at COP26 in Glasgow, the National Service of Remembrance at the Cenotaph and the Commonwealth Day service at Westminster Abbey. More recently, she tasked Prince Charles to deliver the Queen's Speech on her behalf during the State Opening of Parliament. However, the monarch has signalled she is far from giving up her in-person appearances as she has attended so far in May four engagements outside of her residence. On May 13, she headed to the Royal Windsor Horse Show to watch some of the events taking place, including a carriage drive by her granddaughter Lady Louise Windsor. Two days later, she headed back to the arena near Windsor Castle for the closing night of the glitzy equestrian show A Gallop Through History. On May 17, she surprised royal fans by heading to Paddington Station in London, where she launched the new rail line named after her. On Monday, the monarch arrived at the preview day of Chelsea Flower Show, an event she has attended more than 50 times over the past 70 years, in a golf buggy. The Queen appeared at ease as she toured the show aboard the vehicle.