Liverpool will reportedly announce Fabio Carvalho as their first summer signing after closing a deal to secure his services. The Reds looked set to land Fulham’s teenage sensation on deadline day in January but had to bide their time as he remained in the capital and helped the Cottagers win the Championship title. Carvalho broke into the Fulham team at the end of last season as the west Londoners were relegated from the Premier League. And this campaign he has been a star player as he has racked-up 11 goals and eight assists in 37 matches. The 19-year-old has looked destined to move on to bigger and better things for some time. And, according to Fabrizio Romano, the paperwork has been completed ahead of his move to Anfield in recent days and the deal will be announced soon. Carvalho has already visited Liverpool’s AXA training centre to meet with manager Jurgen Klopp and he extensively explored the club’s facilities before completing a medical. And the forward’s deal on Merseyside will see him commit his future to Liverpool until the summer of 2027. READ MORE: Virgil van Dijk details Jurgen Klopp's half-time message that inspired Liverpool comeback   The news comes after Carvalho denied his future had been decided following an inspired performance during Fulham’s 7-0 thrashing of Luton on Monday, where he contributed a goal and an assist. “We'll see what happens at the end of the season,” said the ace when asked if he’d miss his team-mates. “I'm not going to say I'm going to miss them because we don't know what's going to happen. We don't know what's going to happen, so we'll see. “The club's going to be where it belongs, which is the Premier League, and we'll see what happens. I'm just so proud of everyone, from the coaches, the staff, the players, the kit men. We'll just see what happens next year.” DON'T MISSLiverpool striker Divock Origi's AC Milan transfer placed on hold due to takeover talksLiverpool ratings: Luis Diaz gets 9 as Villarreal win seals Champions League final spotVirgil van Dijk details Jurgen Klopp's half-time message that inspired Liverpool comeback     But Fulham vice-chairman Tony Khan has already let the cat out the bag. “We have made a deal that is best for the club and, since that agreement, it's worked out wonderfully because he has been such a valuable part of the promotion,” Khan told The Athletic on Tuesday. “He's a huge part of the squad and it's a massive loss but, because we have done good business, we can do good business to make sure we are strong in that position.” Fulham have dominated the Championship this season and are five points above second-place Bournemouth with one game remaining. And Carvalho will have one final chance to appear in a Fulham shirt this weekend when his side travel to Sheffield United for their final clash of the season. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 