Stranger Things is coming back on Netflix on May 27 for season four and the final instalment is made up of nine episodes. Split across two parts, the new episodes will reveal how Eleven (played by Millie Bobby Brown) gets her powers back. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about how she came to lose them. One of the big plot points of the final season is the fact El no longer has her special abilities. At the end of the third season, she escaped Hawkins with the Byers family to start a new life in California. Believing Hawkins is safe from evil forces for now, she starts to settle into her new way of living. However, a new kind of darkness starts to loom and her powers are the only solution. She lost her supernatural abilities at the end of season three, after defeating the Mind Flayer. READ MORE: How did Billy Hargrove die in Stranger Things? The beast attacked Eleven and her friends, and El was bitten on the leg and a smaller version of the creature was implanted in the wound. It seems the Mind Flayer’s worm may have caused her powers to disappear. Another answer is the trauma of what happened seemed to wipe her memory of how to hone her special skills. The first eight minutes of episode one have been released and they include a flashback of young El at the lab. Dr Brenner (Matthew Modine) was horrified to see all of his subjects had been mutilated. He was shocked to see that El was the only child alive, and she had blood pouring from her nose and eyes. He asks: "What have you done?" implying she was responsible for the mass murder as her powers were so strong. The show's creators, Ross and Matt Duffer, have already revealed El's powers will return for the final season. How she regains her abilities is something that is being kept under wraps for now. Eleven’s hair in season four is meant to look frizzy and mousy, and mirror the character’s insecurity and lack of self-esteem now that she doesn’t have her powers. DON'T MISS...Stranger Things star opens up on ‘challenge’ of dark Max storyline [DISCUSSION] Stranger Things season 4 release time: What time is it on Netflix? [EXPLAINER] Stranger Things season 4: Noah Schnapp teases Will Byers death [INSIGHT] The trailer for the final season shows how she is unable to stand up to bullies at her new school. No longer feeling like a superhero, she feels belittled and vulnerable. CBR spoke to actress Brown about why it was important for El to have lost her powers for the final season. She said: "Without her superpowers, who is she? What does she have? What does she bring to the table? What does she know? "Same goes without Mike - what does she know, and who is she? What does she wear? What's her style? What's her voice? What does she believe in? "These are all things that I think are really nice to explore this season and also really good timing." Fans are looking forward to seeing El in a different light as she discovers more about who she really is. The actress shared how Eleven will start to explore new friendships, in particular with Will Byers (Noah Schnapp). Whether or not the gang plays a part in helping El regain her powers is yet to be explored.  Stranger Things airs on Netflix on May 27.