Some men in this age bracket may develop depression, a loss of sex drive, erectile dysfunction, as well as mood swings and irritability. This, however, is not due to a drop in testosterone. Coined an "unhelpful" term by the NHS, the male menopause is considered "misleading". While testosterone can steadily decline – at less than two percent per year from the age of 30 – this is "unlikely to cause any problems". In addition to mood swings, the development of a large belly or "man boobs", and a lack of energy, a man might experience insomnia and poor concentration and short-term memory in mid-life. These symptoms, however, are most likely caused by lifestyle factors, such as stress, depression, and anxiety. Psychological issues can be brought on by work or interpersonal problems. Examples include divorce, money problems, or worrying about ageing parents. READ MORE: High cholesterol: Can you smell that? Three smelly symptoms associated with high levels The viewpoint of reaching midlife may also trigger anxiety and low mood, especially if you have not achieved what you wanted so far. "Anxieties over what they have accomplished so far, either in their job or personal life, can lead to a period of depression," the NHS adds. Other causes of the so-called "male menopause" may include: Doctor Earim Chaudry cautioned that "late-onset hypogonadism" could also lead to these symptoms. The NHS explains: "Hypogonadism [is] where the testes produce few or no hormones." More of a risk in obese men, or those who have type 2 diabetes, the condition is "not a normal part of ageing". Blood tests will be required in order for a diagnosis. If a testosterone deficiency is identified, you might be referred to an endocrinologist. Treatment might involve testosterone replacement to correct the deficiency. The hormone replacement – available in a variety of forms – should relieve symptoms. Options include tablets, patches, gels, implants, or injections. If the symptoms associated with the male menopause are not due to an underlying health condition, therapy could be useful. One useful therapy technique is called cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT). This type of therapy could be useful in identifying and alternating automatic negative thoughts. CBT is mostly used for cases of anxiety and depression; medication may also be offered, such as antidepressants. Doctor Earim Chaudry is the medical director at Manual.