Liverpool may already have an alternative to Aurelien Tchouameni in their sights with the Frenchman poised to join Real Madrid in a huge move. The Monaco midfielder had been wanted by both teams, who will meet in the final of the Champions League in Paris this Saturday night. But it looks as though he will be heading to La Liga rather than the Premier League. Reports from France's RMC Sport claim Los Blancos will sign Tchouameni and will pay an initial £68.6million (€80m) for him. Personal terms are thought to have been agreed last week for the 22-year-old to move to the Bernabeu following the collapse of their deal to sign Kylian Mbappe from Paris Saint-Germain. Tchouameni was in Ligue 1's Team of the Year after a brilliant season for Monaco and has established himself as one of the world's best young midfielders, particularly in regards to his ball-winning abilities. But though Liverpool are primed to miss out, they may have identified a high-quality Plan B in PSV Eindhoven's Ibrahim Sangare. The Reds are looking to beef up their midfield with the possibility that James Milner will depart once his contract expires. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is into the final 12 months of his deal and could also move on, with Naby Keita's agreement similarly up in the summer of 2023. And it appears Jurgen Klopp is looking to recruit another defensive-minded midfielder to complement Liverpool's options and offer him the chance to rotate Fabinho more. Dutch outlet Voetbal International claim PSV's Sangare has also been looked at by the FA Cup and Carabao Cup winners. It is claimed the Ivorian, slightly older than Tchouameni at 24, is 'firmly in the sights' of the Merseyside club. He only joined PSV in 2020 from Toulouse but has been a key contributor since and is a dominant player in midfield who is particularly adept defensively like Tchouameni. The report adds that Liverpool have scouted the 17-cap Ivory Coast international heavily recently and that he would be available for around £32m, less than half the overall fee Real Madrid will splash for Tchouameni, due to a release clause in his contract. New PSV boss Ruud van Nistelrooy, the former Manchester United and Real Madrid striker, does not want to lose the midfielder but cannot to stand in his way if Liverpool meet the clause. MORE PREMIER LEAGUE NEWS...Liverpool may sell Mane for £42m and star 'can imagine' joining BayernGary Lineker trolls Man Utd after BBC apologise for error - 'Rubbish'Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel 'wants to sign two RB Leipzig players' And with Tchouameni seemingly Madrid-bound, Liverpool might opt to do so. That's with Sangare having attracted plenty of Premier League interest. Newcastle were thought to have looked at the player before signing the brilliant Bruno Guimaraes in January. Sangare would seemingly be a long-term successor to Fabinho, even though the Brazilian is still only 28, but is a player who could swap in and out of the team for him. His arrival would also offer the possibility for Fabinho and Sangare to occasionally be deployed together as a combative two-man midfield. Certainly Liverpool's standing under Klopp would make them among the favourites to sign him if they followed up their interest. Whether he is selected as the next best option to Tchouameni is currently unclear but given their strong recruitment history since Klopp's arrival, whoever they sign as an alternative to the France international is likely to be just what the Liverpool manager and his staff are looking for.