Selling Sunset returned to Netflix for a reunion special which saw most of the stars come together for a candid chat about the latest season. The attention quickly turned to some of the most talked-about moments of the series, including Emma Hernan's relationship with property developer, Micah. She also spoke out about her ex and fans are keen to find out more. Emma Hernan joined the Selling Sunset cast in season four and has quickly become one of the breakout stars. In the latest outing, she developed a relationship with client Micah and it appeared to turn intimate towards the end of the series. However, Emma has since revealed she is single and happy focussing on her business ventures. She did mention she "might spend time with [her] ex" during the reunion chat. Queer Eye's Tan France had asked the star: "There have been photos in the press with you and Christine’s ex, who was your ex also,” host Tan France said to Emma. READ MORE: Antiques Road Trip’s Natasha Raskin Sharp on how she nearly lost role “Are you still hanging out? Are you dating him still?” Emma is known to have fallen out with Selling Sunset co-star Christine Quinn over a mutual ex, Peter Cornell. Emma was pictured on a lunch date with realtor Peter in LA in February 2022. On The Oppenheim Group's website, Peter is listed as a director of the sports and entertainment division. He has also been featured on programmes such as Million Dollar Listing. Peter was born in San Francisco and comes from a prominent real estate background. He is also a keen sportsman, having played Division One basketball at university. As a professional athlete for more than 10 years, he played with several NBA teams including the Los Angeles Lakers. In 2011 he retired as a player and became an NBA Player Agent, negotiating basketball and marketing contracts for several NBA players. During his basketball career, Peter founded Highlander Ventures, a real estate investment company. DON'T MISS... GB News guest savages Prince Harry’s acting debut [VIDEO] Selling Sunset’s Heather shares huge family update [INSIGHT] Selling Sunset: Who is Vanessa Vilella's fiance Nick Hardy? [EXPLAINER] He focused on acquiring luxury LA homes that could be leased. The Oppenheim Group website says: "In all pursuits, he applies his focused, passionate work ethic, his continual market research, and his listening and facilitating skills — all key components in making moves in a fluid, evolving Los Angeles real estate market." In the latest season it transpired he was a co-listing agent on one of Emma's properties. The Nightingale Drive property was on the market for $8,995,000 (£7.3million). Emma was looking for an offer of “around $8,500,00”. According to RedFin, the home sold for $7,988,750 on April 27, 2022. The agents on the listing were Peter and Emma, so they will both get a commission from the sale. The pair still have a good working relationship despite their split.  Selling Sunset seasons 1-5 are on Netflix now.