Arsenal's interest in Bologna star Aaron Hickey shows Mikel Arteta's desire to sign a versatile full-back this summer. Hickey has previously been compared to Germany legend Philipp Lahm, who played in a number of positions in his illustrious career. Arsenal are widely reported to have shown an interest in the Scottish international this summer. His former manager at Hibernian, Daniel Stendel, claimed in 2020 that Hickey has similarities to Lahm. Lahm played much of his career as a full-back, at either right or left-back, and also as a central midfielder. Stendel says that is also a position Hickey can occupy. Talking to the Scottish Sun two years ago, he said: “Aaron is an extraordinary talent. For such a young age, he is extremely calm and composed on the ball. READ MORE: Arsenal face battle to sign new 'Philipp Lahm' with West Ham and Newcastle keen  "He never panics, never loses his cool and always seems to make the right decisions. Despite being so young, he’s very hard to play against. “Aaron as a player is like Philipp Lahm. For me at Hearts, he played as a full-back. “He not only runs up and down the line, but looks for attacking moves like Lahm once did. And Aaron can also play in the central midfield.” DON'T MISSArsenal could repeat Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil signings for next season [OPINION]Liverpool told to hijack Man Utd summer signing for Sadio Mane replacement [QUOTES]Neil Warnock issues 'non-league' response to Djed Spence after star's cheeky promotion dig [SOCIAL]  Arsenal boss Arteta is clearly targeting a player with Lahm-like versatility. The Gunners are also interested in Manchester City star Oleksandr Zinchenko. Zinchenko arrived at City as a midfielder and plays in that position for Ukraine. However, he has spent the majority of his time at the Etihad as a left-back. Arteta wants his full-backs to be comfortable on the ball and have the ability to move further infield when needed. Zinchenko would not only be cover for Tierney at left-back but also an option in midfield. Hickey, 19, has played wide left in midfield at times for Bologna but is yet to play centrally. Perhaps that is a plan Arteta will have for him in the coming years if he were to join.  Hickey enjoyed a fine breakthrough season in Serie A for Bologna. However, he is open to a move elsewhere if the opportunity arises. "I might want to challenge myself somewhere else and have a different experience, but who knows the future," Hickey told Sky Sports. "I do see a lot of talk. "It's nice to know there's interest from other clubs, it gives you some confidence. But you just keep your head down and focus on football." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 