Brenda Blethyn, who has played DCI Stanhope in the ITV series Vera since 2011, began her career as an actress at the age of 27. The star was a typist for 10 years before she realised she had a passion for acting. However, it was a bittersweet moment for Brenda, because just as she began drama school, her marriage broke down. Brenda explained her acting career started unexpectedly when she was asked to fill in for someone who had fallen ill. At that point, the actress, who only had one line in the play, got the acting bug and wanted to do more. Discussing the beginning of her career in the theatre, the 76-year-old began: "I got to play all the ingenue parts and as with anything, the more you do, the better you get. "And people started to say, 'You know what, Brenda, you could be a professional.'" READ MORE: Sally Dexter age: How old is Emmerdale's Faith Dingle star? The DCI Stanhope star continued: "And I said, 'Oh, don't be so silly,' and they said, 'You should go to drama school.' "And I said, 'What give up my job to pursue a hobby?' and the more people that said it, I secretly thought, 'I just love working in this theatre, I wonder if I could do it.' "So without telling anybody, I applied to Guildford School of Acting, and I went along to audition and they offered me a place which was was wonderful." Despite being happy about attending drama school, at the same time, Brenda was dealing with the heartbreak of her marriage breakdown. "But in the meantime, I was married and moved to Chichester and I was a member of the Chichester players," the Vera actress recalled. "But my husband fell in love with somebody else...that's the story of my life. "But I decided to pursue this and off I went to Guilford and it was the making of me." "It was a wonderful, wonderful place," Brenda went on to add. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Max Turner's boyfriend unmasked [SPOILERS]Scarlette Douglas pays tribute to George Clarke ahead of new show [INSIGHT]Antiques Roadshow expert offers to buy rare poster after valuation [VIDEO] When Brenda began drama school, she went to stay with her eldest brother and his wife. She explained: "I went to drama school just to work in theatre. "It never entered my mind that I would ever be on television or in a film or radio even, that's all I knew from the amateur dramatics. "And before I finished my course, a few terms before the end I was offered a job at the London Bubble Theatre Company." "It was a company that performed in a big yellow tent and it would go to various boroughs in London," she added. Brenda may have begun her acting career on the stage, but she soon shifted to the world of television. The star is best known for her role in the ITV series Vera, where she plays lead detective DCI Stanhope. Alongside her sidekick Aiden Healy (played by Kenny Doughty), the duo work together to solve several murders in Newcastle. Vera is expected to air on ITV later this year.