Pierre Gasly said he would need to look at his ‘own career’ if he failed to secure a drive at Red Bull. Gasly still confirmed he has ambitions to win the world championship over the next few years and hinted he could leave to pursue this. He is embroiled in a battle with Sergio Perez over the second Red Bull seat although the Mexican has impressed since his move last season. Gasly said he would be having a conversation with Red Bull bosses over his future but wanted he was still focussed on having a good season with his current team. Gasly was dropped by Red Bull in 2019 after a short stint with the top team. However, he has performed well with AlphaTauri, including picking up his maiden win at the 2020 Italian Grand Prix. He said: “This is a conversation we need to have that we didn’t have yet. Right now, I probably think it might be too early, because it’s also only 2022 and the focus is on making the best season possible with AlphaTauri. “But I’m sure there are going to be conversations and see what’s good.” READ MORE: Helmut Marko fires shot at Hamilton and Russell with Norris comment Perez's current deal is set to expire at the end of this season with Gasly’s Red Bull deal ending in 2023. However, the Mexican has hinted he wants a longer deal next time around after only being given two one-year deals. He could be rewarded after showing his loyalty to Red Bull at the season-ending Abu Dhabi Grand Prix. He has also picked up notable successes this season with pole position in Saudi Arabia and a second at Imola, securing a Red Bull one-two. Sky Sports host Ted Kravitz revealed during last week’s Notebook that Red Bull was closing in on securing Perez for another season. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen fired warning from Red Bull team-mate Sergio Perez [INSIGHT]Gasly wants Red Bull return as AlphaTauri star makes Verstappen vow [COMMENT]Red Bull told it'd be 'mad' to drop Sergio Perez for Pierre Gasly [ANALYSIS] Gasly added: “Checo is doing very good there, so it makes sense. But then, at the end of the day, I also need to look at my own career and what’s best for me, what will give me the most chances to achieve my personal goals, which is to be a world champion over the next few years.” Red Bull's Helmut Marko recently warned Gasly could leave the team if he does not get a promotion to the top squad. He said: "We have to compare the performance of these two drivers, and with Checo we still have until the middle of the year. With Gasly we still have a contract until 2023, and it’s already clear that if this contract expires and we can't offer him a chance to move up, we will most likely lose him, and we don't want that.”