On July 17, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall will turn 75, and her birthday will coincide with her coveted front-page appearance for Vogue magazine. The Duchess is following in the footsteps of the Queen, who has featured on Vogue's front page on several occasions, and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, who have both featured in Vogue previously. The Duchess of Cornwall reportedly sat down on several occasions with British Vogue's editor-in-chief, Edward Enninful, to discuss her involvement with the magazine to mark her milestone birthday. Speaking to The Mail on Sunday, a source said: “Conversations have been ongoing for months so this has been in the pipeline for a long time. “The timing has been carefully thought through and her 75th birthday felt like the appropriate time.” Previous royal cover stars for Vogue include the Queen, Princess Anne, and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge.  READ MORE: Radio host slams Meghan Markle 'friend' for savaging Duchess The Queen Mother, Princess Margaret and Princess Diana were also photographed by Vogue during their lifetimes. Kate posed for a series of natural snaps in 2016 to mark Vogue's centenary edition, with the shoot taking place in the countryside of her beloved Norfolk. Meghan Markle also guest-edited an edition of Vogue in 2019, although she did not appear on the cover herself. Instead, Meghan's 'Forces for Change' issue aimed to highlight female changemakers, and the front cover featured Laverne Cox, Greta Thunberg, Salma Hayek and Adwoa Aboah, to name a few. A reflective square on the cover was also intended to act as a mirror, to encourage readers to instigate change themselves.  Meghan's guest-edited issue of Vogue included an interview with Michelle Obama, the former First Lady, and another interview involving Prince Harry and ethologist Dr Jane Goodall. Meghan said of her Vogue issue: “These last seven months have been a rewarding process, curating and collaborating with Edward Enninful, British Vogue’s editor-in-chief, to take the year’s most-read fashion issue and steer its focus to the values, causes and people making impact in the world today. “Through this lens, I hope you’ll feel the strength of the collective in the diverse selection of women chosen for the cover as well as the team of support I called upon within the issue to help bring this to light. DON'T MISS:Why Prince Charles couldn't marry Camilla in the first place [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle and Harry 'eager' to return as part-time royals [ANALYSIS]Camilla Parker Bowles' style & image was transformed by Anna Valentine [PICTURES]   "I hope readers feel as inspired as I do, by the ‘Forces for Change’ they’ll find within these pages.” Camilla's collaboration with Vogue this year won't be the future Queen's only experience with the magazine industry to mark her birthday. Camilla is also expected to guest-edit the July 13 issue of Country Life to mark her milestone birthday. Prince Charles has also guest-edited the magazine twice, and the future King's second edition in 2018 was the biggest-selling issue of the magazine of all time. 