Richard Palmer, royal correspondent for the Daily Express, said that while the Palace had “not said anything” relating to the Queen’s health, other sources claimed the Queen was suffering in pain during her visit. The sources told Mr Palmer they expected the Queen to stay “for up to an hour” , though she ended up staying the whole event.    Mr Palmer told the Royal Round Up: “On Sunday, I was at the Royal Windsor Horse show and during the afternoon sources were saying that they were 99 percent sure she was coming but she’s in quite a lot of pain. “The Palace was not saying anything because as far as it was concerned it was a private event, which I found a bit strange for them to say that. “Because this was an event that was going live out on ITV at peak time and indeed it appeared as an official engagement in the court circula the following day. “But anyway, it was only really at about 5.30pm, 6pm, when word came through that [the Queen] was definitely coming. “But even then, I was certainly being told that they weren’t sure how long she was coming for and that they weren’t sure she would stay for the whole show, that she would only be there for up to an hour.”    The Queen made two in-person visits last week to the Royal Windsor Horse Show in her first public appearances since Buckingham Palace announced she was suffering from “episodic mobility issues”. The monarch watched her horse Balmoral Leia win the cup earlier in the week in an event she has not missed in 70 years. And while she was expected at that event, she made a surprise appearance at the end of that week again for the Royal Windsor Horse Show. She watched the Gallop Through History parade on her Castle estate, arriving to a standing ovation from the crowd. READ MORE: Princess Alexandra is 'closest thing to a sister' for Queen [INSIGHT]  And she made a second surprise in-person visit yesterday, attending the opening of the Elizabeth line at Paddington station. Prince Edward was expected to perform the opening on her behalf but the pair showed up together. Wearing a yellow coat and hat, the Queen looked elated to be part of the event as she was given a commemorative oyster card. But the Queen did not partake of the first ride on the line; Prince Edward, instead, took over from her. DON'T MISS: Royal dream team! FULL royal lineup hosting palace party - confirmed [REVEAL]London Jubilee Tube strike chaos: Drivers to SHUT DOWN station [REPORT]'Meet her Majesty!' New film celebrates the Queen's jolly side [INSIGHT]   Prime Minister Boris Johnson said it was “wonderful” to see Her Majesty open the train line. He added she was in “such fine form” despite having to use a walking stick. It was the first in-person event outside of Windsor that the Queen has made since attending her late husband Prince Phillip’s memorial at Westminster Abbey on March 29. Her appearance was announced by Buckingham Palace at the last minute.   