Express.co.uk spoke to Aly Rahimtoola, founder and skin expert at Herbal Essentials, about how keeping your skin hydrated is “one of the simplest ways to look youthful”. Aly’s colleague, beauty specialist Natasha Suri, also shared her five easy steps to hydrated skin. The Herbal Essentials founder told Express.co.uk that hydrated skin can help people to look younger, saying: “Hydrated skin means the skin looks even, glowing, smooth and feels balanced. “Drinking lots of water, as well as using skincare products that boost hydration in the skin barrier replenishes your skin tissue and cells, meaning younger and healthier looking skin.” Hydrated skin also helps to reduce the appearance of wrinkles, according to Aly, as dehydration “means skin can look dull and dry, which can emphasise the look of wrinkles and aging”. She continued: “Although moisture cannot prevent wrinkles, it can trap water in the skin, giving the illusion of smoother skin and less fine lines.” READ MORE: Cleaning: How to remove limescale from toilets - ‘cheap trick’ However, Aly stressed that “ageing is something that should be embraced”. “It’s part of the natural cycle of life, but feeling good about your appearance as one ages is important too,” she said. “Keeping your skin hydrated is one of the simplest ways to look more youthful and can be affordable if you find the right skincare regime that works for your skin type.” When it comes to skincare products, Aly revealed that “expensive doesn’t always mean it is the best quality”. “Also, clinically proven hydration doesn’t have to break the bank,” she said. “Cut the nonsense of needing a 10-step routine that takes up your whole bathroom shelf, and instead purchase simple products with a focus on repairing the skin barrier. “Cleanse with a purifying fresh face wash, then tone with a refreshing toner, and moisturise with a nourishing cream, plus hydrating eye gel to finish for the ultimate, affordable skincare routine.” Express.co.uk also spoke to Natahsa, who shared her five easy steps to more hydrated skin. DON'T MISS:Why this week is the best time to clean your BBQ - exact date [REVEAL]How to sharpen your lawn mower blades - safest method [INSIGHT]How to grow an avocado from the stone - 3 key steps [ANALYSIS] Firstly, Natasha said it is imperative to moisturise after having a shower. She said: “When you wash yourself, you strip your skin of its natural oils that help lock in moisture, so need to replace them. “After you step out of the shower, pat your skin with a towel and immediately apply a nourishing moisturiser to damp skin. “If your skin is too dry, the moisturiser won’t be able to trap any moisture into your skin, leaving it feeling dry, itchy, and tight. “Look for moisturisers with a lightweight formula with hydrating ingredients such as Aloe Vera, Apricot Kernel Oil and Sweet Almond Oil.” When buying moisturisers, also look out for “occlusive” ingredients such as petroleum jelly, silicones, waxes (like carnauba or beeswax), and oils and butters such as shea and cocoa. “They are commonly included in moisturising formulas to seal moisture into the skin,” Natasha explained. The third step the beauty specialist shared is to “take care of your skin when you tan”. Natahsa said: “Many of us wish to have a sun-kissed glow all year round. We may spend hours tanning outside in the sunshine or fake it in the winter by using self-tan, however these formulas can be incredibly drying and UV rays from the sun can dehydrate the skin. “However, there are ways to create a gorgeous glow on the skin without sacrificing its hydration you’re you plan to self-tan. “The evening before you tan, use a hydrating night cream containing natural fruit acids (AHAs) to gently exfoliate and give you a hydrated, healthy-looking complexion for your tan. “The best practice is also to apply 30 minutes before tanning or exploring outside to allow the sunscreen to bind to your skin. Reapply every two hours, or immediately after a dip in the pool.” Natahsa’s fourth easy step is to “hydrate from the inside”. The beauty specialist said: “Many people underestimate the power of drinking water, and the benefits it has on your skin. “It may sound simple, but just by drinking water you can drastically improve the texture and appearance of your skin, making it less susceptible to drying out too. “You should aim to drink approximately two litres of water a day, and focus on eating healthy amounts of salmon, nuts, plant oils, yoghurts, chia seeds and soy beverages for the most natural inside hydration, which leaves your skin glowing on the outside.” Lastly, she stressed the importance of “upping your vitamin D intake”, saying: “Vitamin D triggers the receptors that are involved in forming a protective layer of skin, so a lack of this vitamin will lead to dry and itchy skin. “Most foods contain very little vitamin D, so it’s recommended to take daily supplements of about 10 micrograms. “Also, during wintertime, there is less sunlight and therefore, a reduced ability to make vitamin D when you go outside.”