Lewis Hamilton will not quit F1 as he is motivated to beat George Russell, according to Nico Rosberg. The 2016 champion claims beating his new team-mate will be a ‘big motivator’ for the seven-time champion.  Speaking to Sky Sports F1, Rosberg said: “I’ve spoken to some people within Mercedes and they've been very positive about him. He’s super motivated, really pushing hard and let’s not forget he hates coming second. “He does not want to come second to Russell and that alone is a big big motivator for Lewis.” Hamilton lies sixth in the drivers’ standings after a difficult start to the new campaign. The seven-time champion has already finished outside the top-10 once this season as his rookie team-mate enjoys more consistency. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton throws weight behind Leclerc to beat Verstappen  Russell has finished in the top five at every race this season as well as scoring two podiums. It has left the Mercedes rookie fourth in the standings and almost 30 points ahead of Hamilton. Russell has also finished higher than Hamilton at every race except Bahrain this season. The former Williams man is only 36 points behind championship leader Max Verstappen. Mercedes appeared to have found some form at last week’s Spanish Grand Prix but their porpoising issues seem to have returned in Monaco. Ahead of qualifying, Mercedes were almost a second slower than the Red Bull in FP3 but Hamilton was ahead of Russell by more than one-tenth. DON'T MISSRosberg accuses Hamilton of 'losing way' amid Mercedes struggles [COMMENT]Toto Wolff gives view on asking Hamilton to move aside for Russell [INSIGHT]Rosberg explains Hamilton position after chat with Mercedes insiders [ANALYSIS] Rosberg added: “Lewis found his mojo there in FP3, at the very end. Which was a big surprise for me because I said he’s out of the weekend already. He’s back in the hunt now for that P5 best of the rest.” Hamilton’s future in F1 has been questioned since Mercedes’ poor start to the season. Martin Brundle warned the seven-time champion may lose interest if he is the third-fastest car all weekend. However, Hamilton has stressed he is not ready to leave the sport and was enjoying his time with Mercedes despite not winning races. Speaking to Italian publication Corriere Della Sera, he said: “Hard question! Let's take this season. “I probably won't win the title, but I feel the same pleasure of competing as when I started. Why should I stop? Maybe one day I won't be able to take the pressure anymore, I'll be tired, but that day hasn't come yet.” 