Manchester United think Erik ten Hag has taken an ‘important step’ by travelling to England to meet colleagues, according to reports. The 52-year-old has left Ajax in order to get started at Old Trafford. And he’s set to bring two trusted assistants with him as he looks to win the Premier League title. Manchester United confirmed last month that Ten Hag would be their new boss. And, now, The Athletic have claimed the 52-year-old has travelled to London ahead of getting started at Old Trafford. It’s stated that United see Ten Hag coming to the capital to meet colleagues as an ‘important step’ as they plan for a brighter future. The Dutchman has chosen to leave Ajax early in order to get started and, earlier in the week, explained his decision by saying: "I am switching very rapidly, yes. “But is it really necessary, because a lot of things need to be dealt with. "I have the energy to carry on after the Dutch season with a new period in Manchester. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings “I am looking forward to dealing with things. Of course I need to charge my batteries at some stage, but I will find time for that somewhere in between." Ten Hag has travelled to England by private jet along with Mitchell van der Gaag. The Dutchman has been working alongside Ten Hag at Ajax and, like his compatriot, is primed to work at Old Trafford. Steve McClaren, meanwhile, is another appointment. The 61-year-old previously worked under Sir Alex Ferguson, helping the club win the treble in 1999. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag He’s had a mixed career in management since, doing well at Middlesbrough and FC Twente but enduring troublesome spells at Queens Park Rangers and Newcastle. McClaren, however, is trusted by Ten Hag after they worked in the Netherlands together. And the former England boss is primed to return to United, two decades after he departed to become a manager himself. While some have questioned United’s logic in bringing McClaren in, Rio Ferdinand thinks he can be a good asset to the club. “I think he is coming in as a coach, a shoulder to lean on, somebody who can give advice at the right times,” he told his YouTube channel. “Maybe eyes and ears. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “In terms of judging him from his management in previous years gone by, I don’t think it’s irrelevant. “What you do get with Steve McClaren is someone who is a football man, loves that game, is so enthusiastic, meticulous, cares about the details. “Not just from a football point of view but also mentally, and he understands what it takes at Man Utd to win. That’s important.” And Ferdinand added: “I think he will be a good addition. “What’s good for Ten Hag is that they have already got a relationship from before which is pure and he will be able to steer him in the right direction. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “I don’t care who you are or where you come from, when you come to Man Utd, especially if you haven’t been at a club like that, of that statute and that size – Ajax are a big club with all due respect but not the size of Man Utd – when you do come into the door here, it takes a bit of getting used to. “To have that little bit of help immediately is a real good decision from him.” United have initially been hesitant to hire McClaren. They implored Ten Hag to consider Mike Phelan, who has been marginalised following the appointment of Ralf Rangnick. But Ten Hag, when it comes to this matter, appears to have won his battle.