The Mayor of London has been blasted over his planned expansion of ultra low emission zones across the capital. Sadiq Khan hopes to extend ULEZ charges on drivers across most of London, increasing the financial pressures on hardworking individuals travelling through the city. Former Labour MP Stephen Pound urged the Mayor to show some “sensitivity” towards commuters as households across the nation already struggle with the fiscal burden induced by the cost of living crisis. Speaking to GB News, Mr Pound said: “What there is at the moment is a very clumsy mechanism that is being used by the Mayor.”    The former MP praised the transport network across London but highlighted that public transport was not an accessible option for all city workers. Mr Pound continued: “Public transport in London is about as good as you can get, you can get around everywhere and it’s pretty reasonably priced. “However, there are certain groups of people, like my boy who’s an electrician and works out of the back of his van, who quite frankly can’t afford to pay what is, in effect, a surcharge.” The scheme, which currently operates on the area within the North and South Circular Roads, charges users £12.50 daily to travel within the zone.    Mr Pound suggested the Mayor of London should demonstrate a greater level of sympathy towards the hard working individuals in his city. “What I want is a little more subtlety, a little more sensitivity from the Mayor to actually think that people who are on the school run, people who are trades-people, people who have got to do deliveries, they have got to be considered. “Frankly, the small tradesperson is the life blood of London and you would be pretty fed up if you couldn't have someone pop round to fix your boiler, or in my son’s case rewire your extension.” The ULEZ charges are in addition to the congestion zone charges already levelled at London drivers of £15 daily. Read more: Elizabeth line chaos: Paddington Station evacuated hours after opening  The ULEZ charge is intended to deter drivers from certain high emission areas of London in an effort to improve air quality. GB News host Mercy Muroki asked: “Where do we strike the balance between having cleaner air but also making sure ordinary people aren’t suffering for just having to get on with their daily lives?” Mr Pound responded: “We need to do this the other way round and have a virtue tax. “If you have to use your vehicle and you have to use it for your trade or there’s a specific reason, you should be naturally exempt from paying this charge for an interim period.” Don't miss:Car-bashing Sadiq is set to make cost of living crisis worse [COMMENT]Sadiq Khan demands Met transparency over Johnson probe after damning p [REPORT]Madeley confronts Sadiq Khan with furious viewers over partygate  [INSIGHT]  In order to protect the livelihood of workers who must drive through the ULEZ areas, the former Labour MP suggested essential travel should be exempt from the additional charges for a “taper” period of “10 or 15 years.” In justification of the proposed expansion of ULEZ areas, Mayor Khan said: “The triple challenges of tackling toxic air pollution, the climate emergency and congestion mean we need to further reduce emissions from vehicles in London.” In response to the plans to extend the scheme, Boris Johnson told the BBC’s Local Democracy Reporting Service: “We can improve air quality together but I think another tax on families and businesses and white vans and the rest of it, is going to hit people just when we're trying to put more money into their pocket." The Prime Minister described ULEZ as a “tax” on working people he called on the Mayor of London to “recognise those pressures” an expansion of the charges would create.   