Juventus won't be able to financially compete with Manchester United in the race to sign Sergej Milinkovic-Savic this summer, according to Italian reports. However, the Red Devils face heavyweight competition from PSG ahead of a potential search for Paul Pogba's replacement at Old Trafford. The Lazio midfielder, 27, has been linked with a United switch for years but has consistently extended his stay in Italy. He's enjoyed one of his best Serie A campaigns in 2021/22, registering 10 goals and eight assists, and there is a growing expectation he could pursue a new challenge this summer. According to Tuttosport, Juventus want to maintain their status as the top-flight's biggest predators in the transfer market and bolster the midfield with Milinkovic-Savic. However, The Old Lady have conceded it would be 'impossible' to fend off United and PSG if either club tables a concrete offer. Juventus don't want to 'throw away' the chance to sign a player with several years of Serie A experience. However, they feel they would only be able to sign the Serbia international this summer if United and PSG 'retreat' in the battle for his signature. JUST IN: Jamie Carragher calls Man Utd 'small club' because of Ronaldo United are expected to prioritise signing a defensive midfielder in Erik ten Hag's first transfer window as manager. But the club could also sign a more advanced option if Paul Pogba expectedly decides to leave Old Trafford on a free transfer in June. Given United's long-standing interest in Milinkovic-Savic, he could be a genuine option to fill the worrying void Pogba would leave in terms of midfield quality and experience. But while the 13-time Premier League champions have the edge on Juventus, PSG would threaten heightened competition. READ MORE: Chelsea may have £70m transfer trick up their sleeve to revive Lukaku With that said, Pogba is understood to be in talks with Juventus, Real Madrid and the Ligue 1 champions over his next destination. If Mauricio Pochettino adds him to his all-star squad, it would all but end the likelihood of Milinkovic-Savic joining the Frenchman in Paris. And it could give United an open pathway to the towering midfielder's services if their reported interest is acted upon. Lazio's asking price will play a significant role in any potential move, though, with a centre-back and striker joining a defensive midfielder as Ten Hag's biggest areas to address on his Old Trafford in-tray. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.