Machine Gun Kelly, 32, has fuelled speculation that he and Megan Fox, 36, are expecting their first child. The rapper took to the stage at the Billboard Music Awards on Sunday night to perform his song, Twin Flame. Before he started singing, Machine Gun Kelly devoted the track to his "unborn child" with “wife” Megan.Clutching onto his microphone, he said: “I wrote this song for my wife.”Midway through the song he added: “And this is for our unborn child.”The statement sparked confusion from fans and many took to Twitter to speculate whether the actress is pregnant. READ MORE:Piers Morgan claims Eurovision is 'rigged farce' after Ukraine win Swtduh said: “So did MGK just confirm that Megan Fox is pregnant with his baby??”Crissy exclaimed: “Megan Fox preggers??? Did MGK just say our unborn child!!! Wait!!!”Lauren echoed: “Megan Fox is pregnant with MGK’s kid and they’re married????”Representatives for Megan Fox and Machine Gun Kelly have been contacted for comment. Megan was at the event to support her fiancé and wowed as she took to the red carpet wearing a plunging black gown with a thigh-high split.The David Koma dress featured a neckline so low that it went down to the actress’ navel and showed off her cleavage.She made a statement with a pair of crystal embellished gloves that pointed above her shoulders.The mum-of-three sported some very smokey eye makeup and styled her long sleek hair with bangs to round off the edgy look. DON'T MISSSpain leaves little to imagination with bare bum cheeks at Eurovision[PICTURES]Jane McDonald sobbed in restaurant amid late fiancé's gesture[INSIGHT]Alicia Silverstone says son tried to 'passionately kiss' her[NEWS] Machine Gun Kelly posed by her side wearing a spiked jacket with matching trousers and a glittering silver top.Speaking on the red carpet, the musician teased that their upcoming nuptials will be “out of the box”.He said: “It’s going to be weird. It’s going to be completely out of the box.“You know what I’ll say? I’ll throw the reel out really far, and then she’ll reel it back in if it’s too far,” he told E! News. He proposed to the Transformers star back in January with a huge diamond and emerald engagement ring.In a post shared to his 9.6 million Instagram followers, Machine Gun Kelly confirmed that he popped the question under a tree that the couple “fell in love under”.Megan also shared a clip of MGK getting down on one knee with the caption: “He asked me to marry him. “And just as in every lifetime before this one, and as in every lifetime that will follow it, I said yes. “…and then we drank each other’s blood.”