Dave Myers, who is best known as one half of the Hairy Bikers alongside his pal Si King, has spoken out about his treatment after the chef revealed he has fallen ill. The podcaster, who's married to his wife Lily, has chosen not to publicly reveal the condition he has and insists "I'm going to be fine". The 64-year-old has had his fair share of health struggles over the years after being diagnosed with a cyst on his brain in 1998, and later glaucoma, an eye condition that can lead to blindness. The chef opened up about his recent health challenges in his latest podcast alongside his Hairy Bikers co-star and shared he will be undergoing chemotherapy. Dave said: "I maybe a baldy biker for a while… it's simply something I have to live with. "Anyway Kingy, I've got to come clean now, I haven't been too well recently and basically, I've got to have some chemo, you know all this anyway, so this year is going to be a bit quiet for me." READ MORE: A Place In The Sun's Jasmine 'dumbfounded' by Brexit's lack of impact "I'm not going to be filming, some of the festivals I'm not going to be able to go to, some may be okay but this year's a bit of a write off for us." The TV star continued on The Hairy Bikers - Agony Uncles podcast: "I have had to speak up about this because I don't want to hide under a rock, but I would love it if people respected my privacy and just let me get on with it and give Si and our team all the support they need. "That would be great." He continued: "But look, the prognosis is OK. I'm going to be fine." Dave, who appeared on Strictly in 2013, continued: "I've just got to tuck in, look after myself, eat sensibly and get over this mess, flog books, and be a happy person so within that, that's where I am. "I may be a baldy biker for a while so it's just a warning, I don't want to make a fuss about it, I look alright bald actually." He added: "Under different circumstances I would embrace it more but I feel under these circumstances it's simply something I have to live with, get on with it, and crack on." Dave has made the decision to not publicly reveal the type of health issue has been diagnosed with but remains optimistic. DON'T MISS... Stranger Things actress Natalia Dyer details relationship with co-star[LATEST]Sharon Osbourne, 69, sparks concern with frail bed-ridden photo[HEALTH]TV star Adrian Chiles has started 'getting feelings' for his spoons[ADMISSION] The Hairy Bikers star has previously opened up about his battle with his weight and was warned by doctors to shed the pounds. The presenting duo once weighed in at 18 stone and had been told they were "morbidly obese". The Hairy Bikers often travel the country and take food inspiration from the places they visit, however, seven years ago, the pair took steps to slim down as their weight began to impact their health. The pair revealed they wanted to lose weight after their friend warned the presenting duo they were unhealthy. He explained: "I was morbidly obese. I was 18 stone and Si was knocking 20 stone. He takes great pride because he never actually was 20 stone. "We were filming in Thamrin Square doing a Nutella chocolate cake. The cake was so calorific and I was sweating into the cake and not doing terribly well. That’s when we decided things needed to change." Dave continued: "There was nothing wrong with the cake we made. The problem was whether you're in a position to eat it. We wasn’t. "We both had high blood pressure and we really need to look after ourselves a bit better."  