Manchester City sent shock waves throughout the Premier League when they announced Erling Haaland's impending arrival earlier this week. However, despite the heightened proposition of increased domestic competition, Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has been left unfazed. Man City have triggered Haaland's £51million Borussia Dortmund release clause and will add him to Pep Guardiola's all-star roster this summer. The Citizens are closing in on back-to-back Premier League titles and could pip Liverpool by a minimal margin for the second time in four years. However, Klopp isn't bothered by Man City's transfer activity if it doesn't involve losing his own players, regardless of whether it makes the Reds' challenge of lifting a record-levelling 20th top-flight title tougher. He said: "I never thought, 'God, they sign him,' to be honest. I never think about what other teams are doing. "When they took a player from me and - that [happened] in Germany quite frequently - that was not cool because that gives them 20 per cent and us minus 20 per cent. But as long as they just add on and not pick from us, then I'm fine. We are just interested in what we can do, so let's give it a go, let's try, and we will try." JUST IN: Man City 'lucky' to sign Haaland claims Bellingham after mega transfer Klopp has stressed that football matches are often won by team performances rather than individual brilliance. And the German coach added that while Man City continue to recruit world-class talent, he boasts players of the same ilk at Anfield. "Football games are sometimes decided by single players, [but] most of the time, they are decided by the whole performance, and we can work on the whole performance," Klopp explained. "We can [also] have world-class players - we do have world-class players - and we will have world-class players [in the future], so it is not about what other teams are doing." READ MORE: Liverpool have Kylian Mbappe hope as Real Madrid tactic concerns camp Liverpool currently trail Man City by three points at the Premier League summit with two games left to play. If Guardiola's leaders claim four points from a trip to West Ham United and home clash against Steven Gerrard's Aston Villa, they will be crowned eight-time champions. The Citizens also boast a seven-goal advantage over Klopp's men on goal difference, so they could potentially afford to lose one of their final two. All Liverpool can do in a hectic end to the campaign is battle for high-scoring wins against Southampton and Wolves in between FA Cup and Champions League finals. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here