ITV competition Britain's Got Talent got even hotter over the weekend as the last of the auditions came to an end ahead of the judges deciding who they want to see in the semi-finals. The contestants begin to pull out their best tricks and perfect their acts, as they strive for a place in the final next Sunday. It's set to be a star-studded show as Jennifer Saunders is set to perform her routine from the hit musical Sister Act, in which she appears as Mother Superior. The Absolutely Fabulous legend will feature alongside appearances from her ­co-stars, including Hollywood actress Keala Settle, singer Beverley Knight and Birds of a Feather’s Lesley Joseph. Their performances will be part of next Sunday's live final, with a show insider revealing: "This is a massive coup for Britain’s Got Talent. Jennifer is a national treasure. "The final is always a big TV event, but this makes it even more exciting, this will be an exclusive preview of Sister Act before it opens in London this summer, so a lot of fans will tune in for it." Express.co.uk have contacted ITV and Jennifer's rep for a comment. The live semi-final shows are set to kick off next Sunday at 8pm on ITV, with the top acts of this year's auditions battling it out for a chance to win and perform at the royal variety. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Amelia Spencer's cause of death rumbled Britain’s Got Talent also plans to mark the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee with a special ­performance starring former champions Colin Thackery and Jon Courtenay. Stars such as Emeli Sandé, former winners Diversity and the cast of hit West End shows Back To The Future and Moulin Rouge! The Musical. A BGT spokesman revealed: “A brilliant variety of special guest performers will take to the world-famous Britain’s Got Talent stage.” Over the last few weeks, judges Simon Cowell, Amanda Holden, David Walliams and Alesha Dixon have given five lucky contestants the golden buzzer sending them straight through to the semi-finals. The five contestants who have been sent through to the semi-finals are Greatest Showman singer Loren Allred. Comedian Axel Blake, dance troupe Born to Perform, Illusionist Keiichi Iwasaki and musical duo Flintz and T4ylor. Throughout the competition, the show has been plagued with fix claims as many of the acts who were sent through had a prior background within their talent. Loren Allred was the singer of the hit song Never Enough in the blockbuster movie and recalled coming over to Britain for her "big break". DON'T MISS...Britain's Got Talent viewers threaten to 'turn off' due to child acts [INSIGHT]Britain's Got Talent fans slam judges over 'wasted golden buzzers'- [LATEST]Britain's Got Talent fans slam magic act after spotting 'clear' issue [WATCH] The decision to put through comedian Axel Blake was slammed by viewers as many soon revealed he had his own comedy show on Amazon Prime. A member of the recent choir group Welsh on the West End, Tom Hier, was recognised by viewers from one of Amanda's show, I Can See Your Voice. A BGT source clapped back at the fix claims from viewers and explained: “It would be unfair to say these contestants are household names. "Some have had an element of success, but you’d still have to look them up to know who they are. "All acts enter the competition with the hope of elevating their career to the highest level and help to reach massive new audiences, which Britain’s Got Talent brings in. "As we’re all aware, the pandemic affected so many lives, particularly those that work in the entertainment industry, and it is wrong to deny these people the opportunity to showcase their talents and entertain the nation, and ultimately perform in front of royalty at the Royal Variety Performance. “As has always been the case, Britain’s Got Talent is open to everyone." Britain's Got Talent semi-finals begin Monday, from 8pm on ITV.