Ryan Reynolds, 45, revealed that one of his closest friends had been trying to sell photographs of his daughter with wife Blake Lively, 34. James, now seven, is the couple’s eldest child and Ryan discovered his friend had been “shopping pictures around” when she was just nine months old. Ryan opened up about the betrayal in a 2015 interview.He explained that the culprit was one of his “closest friends for 25 years”.He said: “He had been shopping pictures of my baby around."I kind of got in front of it, which is good. But it was a slightly dark period. READ MORE:Britney Spears fans taken aback by more naked pics amid concern “A bad couple of weeks."Ryan added to GQ that he decided never “see or talk” to the friend again, and that the ordeal was “like a death”.The Deadpool star continued: “It was like one of those devastating things to find out. It was a pretty strongly worded conversation.  "[He did it] just for money. I don’t think he thought he would ever be caught. “But it’s a pretty narrow group of people that I would send photos like that to.  “They’re just, like, my closest family and my closest friends: ‘Here’s us in the delivery room!'"Ryan and Blake, who have been married since 2012, have gone on to have two more daughters: Inez, five, and Betty, two.In a new interview, the Gossip Girl actress proclaimed that having children helped her to become more confident. DON'T MISSBrian McFadden cheated on Kerry Katona with a stripper at his stag do [NEWS]Jamie Oliver sparks fury over Eton Mess - 'Attack on working class!'[LATEST]Dick Van Dyke, 96, steps out in rare appearance with young wife, 50[INSIGHT] She confessed: “Having children for me made me feel so much more in my skin.“I never felt more myself or at ease in my own body or more confident - not to say that there aren't a bevy of insecurities coming at me a million times a day, but I just feel incredibly settled.”Blake added to Forbes that becoming a mother made her time “more precious”.She continued: "I just think that growing up, having kids, all of those things made me feel like I only want to do things where I can have really meaningful collaborations and have authorship. “I’ve never been happier,” she concluded.It comes after Ryan’s upcoming movie, Deadpool 3, amused fans with a new update.A tweet from the franchise’s official account read: “Deadpool 3 update: We’ve nailed down brand integrations. Story, character, and script next!”The tweet was accompanied by a picture of Rob Delaney sporting a moustache as Deadpool 2's Peter, surrounded by over-the-top brand advertising, including Ryan's own Aviation Gin.The third instalment’s official release date has not been confirmed.