 The Queen celebrates her Platinum Jubilee this year, with events culminating in a special four-day bank holiday weekend next month. Marking 70 years on the throne, Her Majesty’s reign and life will be honoured over a four-day extravaganza, with events including: Trooping the Colour, a Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral and the Royal Derby at Epsom Downs. While it is not yet known what events the monarch will be attending, she is expected to appear on the Buckingham Palace balcony during her birthday parade for the iconic royal scene.  But according to one veteran royal photographer, being in front of the camera does not come naturally to the Queen. Ian Lloyd, who has photographed every member of the Royal Family, has claimed that the monarch does not like “performing” for photographs and that she thought her mother was “a bit of a fraud” for doing so. Speaking during Thursday’s episode of Pod Save The Queen, he said: “The thing with the Queen is that she is not an actress — the Queen can’t act to save her life. “She doesn’t feel comfortable performing.  “And I think she also thought her mother was a bit of a fraud because the Queen Mother wouldn’t naturally do certain things, but she would do it for the cameras. “The Queen just cannot do that.” Mr Lloyd went on to say the Queen Mother “absolutely loved” being photographed and would create photo opportunities for the media. He said: “The Queen Mother was the easiest to photograph — she absolutely loved it.”  “She never ever was phased by it and she created pictures. Sometimes you would see a photograph — say she’d go around an exhibition and there was a photograph of her during the war there — she would say: ‘Do you want me to stand next to it?’ “And if she was given a cup of tea, like a very old, vintage cup and saucer, she would pretend to drink out of it. “She knows the image.” He recounted his favourite story of the Queen Mother’s natural ability in front of the camera, saying: “The best I remember is the pub, every year she used to go round the east end and she would often drop in unannounced at a pub. DON'T MISSMeghan and Harry 'trying to control' Jubilee narrative after snub [INSIGHT]Sophie Wessex stuns in silver for glamorous dinner at Windsor Castle [PICTURES]Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's 'fly-on-the wall' show dismantled [ANALYSIS]  “And they knew she was in the area, but they didn’t know that she would come in. “She would go in and just set up photographs. They would say: ‘Would you like a glass of champagne? “And she would say: ‘No, I’ll have one of the local bitters.’ “She never drank bitters in her life — it was all pretend.  “And she said: ‘There’s always something I have wanted to do and that is to pull a pint myself.’  “And she’d go behind the bar with her gloves on and her hat, and pull a pint of beer, hold it up as if she was judging it and then take a little swig. “And it was all for the cameras and all for public relations. She was good at it — and that is the difference between her and the Queen.” Her Majesty is the longest-reigning British monarch and the first in British history to celebrate her Platinum Jubilee. She is doing so without three of her closest confidants — the Queen Mother and Princess Margaret, who both died in 2002, and her late husband Prince Philip, who died last year at the age of 99.  The Queen will be supported by her family during the Jubilee celebrations, with Prince Charles, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge taking central roles.