Bruno Tonioli joined Michelle Ackerley and Ronan Keating on Thursday’s The One Show to announce his departure from Strictly Come Dancing. He explained his commitment to Dancing with the Stars was behind his decision before confirming Anton Du Beke, Shirley Ballas, Craig Revel Horwood and Motsi Mabuse will take up their seats as judges when the BBC show returns later this year. Bruno began: “I want to say let’s celebrate this past season I came back from America to do the tour.” The judge praised last year’s winner EastEnders star Rose Ayling-Ellis. “It was absolutely sensational Rose blew my mind,” he said. Explaining how he juggled his commitments in the United States and the UK before Covid, Bruno revealed: “I used to leave London every Sunday to Los Angeles and fly back overnight Wednesday to do the show and back for 11 weeks.” Read more: Anton Du Beke confirmed to return as Strictly Come Dancing judge “It was impossible because the rules were changing, getting through the airport is not like it used to be so it created a situation which was unsustainable,” Bruno continued. “I miss it so much,” he quipped before confirming his exit: “Unfortunately, Dancing with the Stars has moved onto Disney Plus, it’s going to be streaming live on Disney Plus. “It’s a big deal, it’s very exciting and again because of the travel situation, I cannot really guarantee that I’m going to be there because anything can happen. “They need continuity and I absolutely support it, it’s my decision and I think Anton has done a fantastic job he deserves to be on that seat.” Praising the Ballroom and Latin dancer, Bruno said: “It’s a 10 from me. Carry on, do me proud, but you've already done [me proud] anyway.” Speaking out about a possible return one day, he said: “I might do the tour. I’m not gone forever never count me out. “I was there from the beginning we created the show we created the formula [and] I’m doing the show in America. “If they want me to do anything, to contribute in any way or form [I will].” DON'T MISSStrictly's Joe Sugg opens up on changes to series 'Hope it returns' [INTERVIEW]Lorraine Kelly blasts BBC if they don't give Strictly job to Anton [VIDEO]Emmerdale star Adam Thomas speaks out on Strictly rumours [INSIGHT] “I’m not going anywhere it’s impossible,” Bruno quipped. “The panel was so good last year, it worked so it’s great. I think it’s going to be fantastic and they have all my support but I miss the audience more than ever so hopefully we’ll do something else.” The BBC confirmed Anton would be joining Craig, Motsi and Shirley in a statement released on Thursday. On the news, Anton commented: “Woohooo! This is BRILLIANT news. “Everyone knows how much I absolutely love the show and I’m utterly delighted to be continuing as a regular judge. “And I get to make the final again - now I know how Giovanni feels!” Head judge Shirley added: “Shirley Ballas says: “Being a judge on Strictly is such a joy and honour for me, and I can’t wait to be back at the studio waving my paddle. “Every year the wonderful production team surpass themselves and I know they have some brilliant plans in store for 2022. I’m so excited to get started.” Hosts Tess Daly and Claudia Winkleman will also be returning for the 20th series. Strictly Come Dancing returns to BBC One later this year. The One Show airs on BBC One on weekdays at 7pm.