Below Deck Mediterranean season six has just started airing on E4 in the UK. The reality TV series sees the crew onboard the Lady Michelle as it tours Croatia. Malia White reprised her role of Bosun and Express.co.uk has the latest on the star. Malia's love life has been a poignant part of the series following rumours she was dating the Lady Michelle's engineer, Jake Baker. Back in September 2021, Malia confirmed she was indeed dating her colleague. In the season six reunion, which aired virtually in October, she went on to reveal the romance was blossoming. Now it has been reported by Bravo that Malia and Jake are still happy together. READ MORE: TalkTV's James Max shocked as caller cuts off heating to save money  Malia is on Instagram and she shared a photo of herself and Jake in Miami. The pair looked lovingly at each other as Jake had his arm around Malia's waist. In February, she also posted a photo of the pair observing a pelican whilst out in Florida. Fans have also spotted Malia and Jack working together as they both featured in a TikTok video. The video, which was shared on Instagram, included a tour of the various departments on the yacht. Malia was seen with the deck team, followed by Jake sitting with his fellow engineers. Her latest post was on May 3, when she confirmed she had finished a season in the Caribbean. She said: "That’s a wrap on the Caribbean season! I’ll miss these shades of blue but I’m ready for some time off before hitting the Med season!" DON'T MISS... Susanna Reid tears apart Keir Starmer’s lockdown rule break defence [VIDEO] Tom Cruise jibes at James Corden after quitting Late Show [DISCUSSION] "I was a mess’ Below Deck’s Captain Sandy opens up on the industry [INSIGHT] Jake typically worked off-camera during the charter season, but he appeared occasionally on screen. Malia said the romance did not blossom until after they finished filming season six. Speaking during the reunion, she said: "No, actually, Jake's super introverted, so I really didn't talk to him until the end of the season. "So at that time, Jake wasn't even, he was very behind the scenes." Jake went on to join the yachties in their house after the season, adding: "Well, I mean, obviously we needed an engineer there." The relationship came after her split from Tom Checketts. Jake is a marine engineer for Superyachts, which is how he got the job on the Lady Michelle. Realitytitbit.com said he had been living in Barcelona, Spain, but is originally from New Zealand.  Below Deck Mediterranean airs on weeknights on E4.