Jurassic Park actors Laura Dern, 55, and Sam Neill, 74, have revisited their performances as botanist Dr Ellie Sattler and paleontologist Dr Alan Grant in the hit film. The pair reflected on having a 19-year age gap as fictional love interests when they were 25 and 44-years-old respectively. The actors admitted that, retrospectively, having such a large age difference seemed “appropriate”. Laura said: “Well, it felt completely appropriate to fall in love with Sam [Neill]. “And it was only now, when we returned in a moment of cultural awareness about the patriarchy, that I was, like, “Wow! We're not the same age?’” Sam concurred with his co-star, adding that, back then, 19 years “was a completely appropriate age difference for a leading man and lady". He added to the Sunday Times: “It never occurred to me until I opened a magazine and there was an article called ‘Old Geezers and Gals’ - people like Harrison Ford and Sean Connery acting with much younger people. And there I was, on the list.” “I thought, ‘Come on. It can't be true.’” Now Sam and Laura are set to reunite with co-star Jeff Goldblum for the first time in 30 years in the Jurassic World: Dominion trailer. The legendary trio will share the screen with actors Chris Pratt and Bryce Dallas Howard. The final instalment of the Jurassic Park reboot trilogy arrives next month with Jurassic World: Dominion. It marks the first time the three original Jurassic Park actors have performed together in the same movie since Steven Spielberg's 1993 classic. Jeff had returned for 1997’s The Lost World, while Sam and Laura were in 2001’s Jurassic Park III. Director Colin Trevorrow spoke out about the upcoming film last year and when its events take place as he confirmed a large time jump between the Fallen Kingdom and the new instalment. DON'T MISS...Donny Osmond’s wife made him sleep alone after Dancing With The Stars [INSIGHT]Monty Don shares first photos after welcoming new family arrival [LATEST]Naga Munchetty bids farewell as Dan Walker exits BBC Breakfast [UPDATE] The gap between Jurassic World and Jurassic World 2 was just three years. Both movies were set in the years they were released in cinemas, with Jurassic World being set in 2015 and Jurassic World 2 three years later in 2018. Colin revealed in an interview with Screen Rant this trend will continue in Jurassic World 3: Dominion. He said: “Everything in my mind has always been pretty much present-day. "So [the short film, Battle at] Big Rock took place a year or so after Fallen Kingdom in 2019, when it came out, and the T-Rex has just been out in the Sierra Nevada forest where they all escaped to. "It's absolutely massive; it's a whole section of the state. “And so she's just been living in there; they've been struggling to catch her for a very long time." Speaking about Jurassic World 3, the director continued: "So this is about four years later – it's when the movie comes out, so 2022."