Eurovision 2022 is officially underway, and UK fans viewers are eagerly awaiting the live performance of Sam Ryder with his hit song, Space Man. Ahead of his performance in Turin this Saturday, Sam opened up about what inspired his act with Richie Anderson on The One Show, and revealed he’ll be paying tribute to some legends of British music history. Singer-songwriter Sam’s Eurovision act will take inspiration from David Bowie and “English heritage” when he performs on Saturday. Before he takes to the stage, The One Show presenter Richie spoke to Sam and his creative director Dan Shipton about what fans should expect from the United Kingdom hopeful. Dan explained: “We’re wanting to be unapologetically English heritage about it. “So we’re referencing [David] Bowie, Queen, all our great stars that Sam is now part of.” READ MORE: Eurovision 2022: Italy dealt crushing blow days before final Although Bowie and Queen never performed at Eurovision, they are nevertheless some of the most iconic performers to emerge from the UK music scene. Viewers tuning in on Saturday night could expect to see Sam’s costume, set design and even dance moves take inspiration from some recognisable British icons. Dan also confirmed the creative team have pulled out all the stops to ensure Sam’s performance looks as good as he sounds. “We’ve been building with the lighting and all the screens and the prop… the prop, there is a prop,” he added. Revealing a sneak peek at Sam’s rehearsals, Richie added there were rumours the UK's gigantic metal centrepiece will be the biggest prop used in this year’s show. Speaking to Sam himself, the up-and-comer from Essex admitted he never thought he would be playing his song to millions of Eurovision fans worldwide. “Space Man, it was never intended to be a Eurovision track,” he told Richie. “I never, ever would have imagined I’d be in this position chatting with you saying, ‘I’m flying to Turin to play Eurovision. Bonkers.’ DON'T MISS:Big Bang Theory creator’s new sitcom cancelled after 2 seasons [LATEST]Bridgerton season 3: Netflix drama replaces Bridgerton sister [UPDATE]Yellowstone fans spot plot hole with Jimmy and Mia showdown [BLUNDER] Sam already has the pressure of the UK’s previous Eurovision failures riding on his shoulders. Although the UK is prequalified for the final along with France, Germany, Italy and Spain as part of Eurovision’s “Big Five”, it has only won the competition five times out of 63 appearances. Last year, the UK was awarded the dreaded “nil poi”, the first time it has left with zero points since 2003. Even so, Sam isn’t taking to the stage on Thursday with the sole intention of beating out the competition. He explained: “I can’t go out there thinking of the scoreboard or where I don’t want to come. It has to be just about your love for singing." Still, the UK newcomer has relatively good odds to come out on top by the end of Saturday night. Although Ukraine’s track Stefania by Kalush Orchestra is the strong favourite to win this year, Space Man is just behind Italy and Sweden in BetVictor’s latest predictions for the final. The One Show airs weekdays from 7pm on BBC One. The Eurovision Song Contest final airs on BBC One on Saturday at 8pm.