Hanging baskets can be tricky gardening projects, particularly because their make-up leads their flowers to need slightly different care requirements compared to if they were planted in the ground. Though when and how often you water your plant might be part of the reason you notice flowers wilting, according to an expert, there are some other "common mistakes" that gardeners might be making. Jonathan Pearce is the head gardener at Pensthorpe Natural Park, a nature reserve and gardens in Fakenham, Norfolk. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, he explained that some simple errors can lead to hanging basket flowers becoming "overwhelmed". He said: “Quite often I see people include too many or too few plants in the hanging baskets – ensure there’s room for them to grow and their roots to spread, but equally not overwhelmed by soil or water." The size of the basket itself will determine how many flowers can fit comfortably within it. READ MORE: How to get rid of Japanese knotweed - cheapest methods According to experts from Thompson-Morgan: "A general rule of thumb when planting a hanging basket is to use one plant per inch of basket diameter - so 12 plants per 30cm (12") hanging basket." How often you fertilise your flowers is another area some gardeners tend to slip up. Mr Pearce explained: "Fertiliser is a great way to help your hanging baskets bloom and add longevity. "Some gardeners can find feed tricky, so I’d recommend using a slow-release fertiliser or liquid feed to help with growth. DON'T MISS:Why this week is the best time to clean your BBQ - exact date [REVEAL]How to sharpen your lawn mower blades - safest method [INSIGHT]How to grow an avocado from the stone - 3 key steps [ANALYSIS] "With these systems, the feed is dispensed slowly, so the plant isn’t overwhelmed. "They can be purchased from most garden centres, or even supermarkets" If you have more time for gardening, Mr Pearce recommended fertilising your hanging baskets around once each week. He added: "Make sure it's an organic [fertiliser]." The expert also prompted gardeners to pay close attention to the type of compost they are using when planting their hanging basket. He recommended using "a peat-free compost", explaining "it’s better for the environment and helps the plants thrive". Peat-free composts tend to be better for your plants as they contain a variety of organic, sustainable ingredients as an alternative to peat. Mr Pearce also advised gardeners to ensure they are "regularly dead-heading the older flowers, to allow the new buds to grow." You can deadhead flowers from the moment you notice they are beginning to fade. This is relatively easy to see in single flowers on stems. For plants which have multiple blooms, you should try and deadhead once 70 percent of the flowers are starting to fade.