Brexiteer Darren Grimes shared footage of the display on his Twitter account, expressing his relief of Britain voted in favour of Brexit and thus being involved in similar events. The video shows a group of dancers performing across the European Parliament at the closing event of the Conference on the Future of Europe in Strasbourg. MEPs can be seen sitting in the hemicycle as the dancers move around the room in a display of interpretative dancing. Mr Grimes said: "Interpretative dance at the EU parliament. Brexit was worth it to avoid this alone. "The faces of the MEPs are hilarious. #cringe" The sentiments were echoed by Nigel Farage, who wrote on Twitter: "There are many reasons why I am pleased to no longer be an MEP. "Not having to witness this 'interpretive dance' is one of them." JUST IN: Russian Ambassador doused in blood-red paint as protesters mob him in Poland Illustrator Adam Linley questioned the appropriateness of the performance as MEPs met to discuss the ongoing war in Ukraine. Mr Linley said: "Christ, they're doing interpretive dance in the EU parliament. During a European war. "Meanwhile, the usual types are busy convincing themselves that most Brexiteers have changed their minds..." And reporter Bella Wallersteiner commented: "This interpretative dance routine at the EU Parliament makes me embarrassed to have voted Remain." READ MORE: Have Your Say: EU warns UK either shut up or walk away on Brexit talks- what should we do? The performance, which closed the four-day Conference for the Future of Europe, was choreographed by French dancer Angelin Preljocaj. European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, French President Emmanuel Macron, and Italian Prime Minister Mario Draghi have said they would support treaty changes to allow Brussels to be more agile in decision making. However, many European Union countries oppose that, arguing this is a bad time. DON'T MISS:Now Boris Johnson can show his mettle on Brexit – [EXPRESS COMMENT]Boris told ‘seismic’ results may be ‘final chapter’ for United Kingdom [INSIGHT]PM to unleash SEVEN Brexit freedom bills slashing hated EU red tape [ANALYSIS] In a letter to the Commission signed by the Czech Republic, Prague said treaty change now would only draw away resources from tackling the more urgent challenges. They cited bloc facing post-pandemic economic struggles, the effects of Russia's invasion of Ukraine and climate change as three of the main obstacles facing the Union in the long-term. The 13 EU member states behind the letter said: "While we do not exclude any options at this stage, we do not support unconsidered and premature attempts to launch a process towards Treaty change."