Christopher Meloni returned as Elliot Stabler last year following a lengthy break from the Law and Order franchise. He now leads his very own series, Organized Crime, on NBC, joined by new partner, Sergeant Ayanna Bell (played by Danielle Moné Truitt). Danielle has recently revealed how she expects their partnership to grow in the coming seasons. The Law and Order regular hopes Stabler and Bell will start opening up to each other more in the coming seasons. As a wife and mother, Bell struggles to balance her home life with her wife Denise Bullock (Keren Dukes) and their son, Jackson. However, Stabler may be able to offer some support, as he knows exactly how much their jobs with the NYPD can impact their personal lives. Danielle confirmed she hopes Bell will talk to Stabler about the loss of his own wife, Kathy (Isabel Gillies), at some point in the near future. READ MORE: Outlander theory: Jamie Fraser ghost explained in fortune teller clue “I hope so,” she revealed. “I mean, that’s one of the things I desire as we move into season three, hopefully.” Stabler lost Kathy in a car bombing during the 22nd season of Law and Order: Special Victims Unit. He has since struggled to share his feelings with his friends and colleagues, even with his best friend and former partner of 12 years, Olivia Benson (Mariska Hargitay). Bell was recently put in an uncomfortable position when her wife Denise accepted a job working with Congress Leon Kilbride (Ron Cephas Jones), who is currently under investigation from her office. Now her own wife could be in jeopardy, this may be the perfect time for the two partners to confide in each other about how their demanding careers can put the people they love at risk. Organized Crime has yet to be officially renewed for a third season, but the 2022-23 run could be the perfect time for Stabler and Bell to start forging a real friendship. Danielle continued: “Bell and Stabler, they have a great rapport. You can tell they care about each other. “Their bond is growing, but I would love some scenes between them where they’re talking about their lives, their experiences.” DON'T MISS:Eustice sparks uproar with BBC Breakfast viewers over cost of living [INTERVIEW]BBC Breakfast chaos as Dan surprises Sally with bizarre clothing [VIDEO]The Flight Attendant: Young Cassie star on playing child alcoholic [EXCLUSIVE] Stabler’s experience as a father of five could also prove invaluable as Bell’s young son starts to grow older. “His kids have grown pretty much now,” Danielle explained. “There is insight he could give her about how to navigate having a wife and a family and navigating the job because he’s been through it. “And because he has taken so many hits, he could probably give her a little insight about, ‘OK, this is how you do that.’” However, don’t expect Stabler to shed his hard outer shell just yet, as the wound of Kathy’s death is still fresh. Danielle added: “I would love if Stabler checked in with Bell a little more about how she’s doing. She does check in with him a lot. “She’s always asking, ‘How are you? How are things going?’ I think Bell does need someone to check in on her from time to time.” Organized Crime is still raking in millions of viewers each week, so Bell and Stabler could evolve into one of Law and Order’s strongest partnerships in the all but inevitable third season. Law and Order: Organized Crime is available on NBC in the US. A UK release date is yet to be announced.