Stacey Slater (played by Lacey Turner) is growing increasingly concerned about her daughter Lily Slater (Lillia Turner) as the family tries to help Jean Slater (Gillian Taylforth) through her recovery in upcoming EastEnders scenes. However, as Martin Fowler (James Bye) offers his support, will the former couple realise they still have feelings for one another? In next week’s episodes, Stacey struggles with looking after Jean and being there for daughter Lily. She refuses to let her daughter stay off school to look after her mum but soon changes her mind. After seeing how much her mum needs Lily, Stacey gives in. However, Kat Slater (Jessie Wallace) is concerned when she spots Lily staying off school again. Read more: EastEnders theory: Arthur in terrifying kidnap plot as Jean returns She confronts Stacey and urges her to let Lily stay with Martin for a few days. The concerned mum agrees but the Slater household is torn when Jean refuses any care from her daughter. When Lily returns from Martin’s, it’s clear Jean wants the schoolgirl’s caring duties to resume. Stacey realises Lily is looking after Jean much in the same way she used to as a child. The mum-of-three puts her foot down and declares Lily will no longer be looking after Jean. Stacey is struggling with dealing with her mum’s recovery and leans on Martin for help as she tries to do her best for her daughter. EastEnders fans will remember the couple recently put their differences aside to co-parent their children after a rocky patch during Martin’s marriage to Ruby Allen (Louisa Lytton). Will Stacey realise she still has feelings for her ex-husband as he supports her through this tough time? On the square, Shirley Carter (Linda Henry) sees Harvey Monroe (Ross Boatman) and encourages him to see Jean. DON'T MISSEastEnders theory: Beloved family torn apart in resident exit plot [INSIGHT] EastEnders theory: Rapist Lewis goes on the run after Ben assault  [SPOILER]EastEnders theory: Frankie embarks on affair as couple torn apart [THEORY] The mum-of-three puts her foot down and declares Lily will no longer be looking after Jean. Stacey is struggling with dealing with her mum’s recovery and leans on Martin for help as she tries to do her best for her daughter. EastEnders fans will remember the couple recently put their differences aside to co-parent their children after a rocky patch during Martin’s marriage to Ruby Allen (Louisa Lytton). Will Stacey realise she still has feelings for her ex-husband as he supports her through this tough time? On the square, Shirley Carter (Linda Henry) sees Harvey Monroe (Ross Boatman) and encourages him to see Jean. The taxi driver is reluctant at first but quickly changes his mind. However, the visit doesn’t get off to the best of starts and Harvey panics he’s made the wrong decision. But, the pair have a breakthrough when Jean helps him with a jigsaw puzzle. Meanwhile, Kat is struggling to cope with Sam Mitchell’s (Kim Medcalf) continued presence in Walford. Honey Mitchell (Emma Barton) tells Sam she needs to move out immediately. The Mitchell sister puts pressure on Denise Fox (Diane Parish) to get her money. Sam meets with Ritchie Scott (Sian Webber) who in turn issues a chilling warning to Denise when Sam tells her she’s refusing to pay out. As Kat tries her best to keep her family safe from Jonah Tyler (Mark Mooney), the Slater matriarch puts pressure on Sam to come up with the money to buy Ruby’s. Will the Mitchell sister get the money in time or will Jonah change his mind? EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.