The buck stops with him. The reason the British people have been forced to endure this farce for months is his refusal to admit the truth or do the decent thing when he was found to have broken the law. Instead he told Parliament a pack of lies and deceived the public time and again. The time for yet more fake apologies is over. It’s too late just to say sorry. He must go and go now. This Prime Minister has treated the sacrifices of the British people with utter contempt. As you and your neighbours followed the rules and lost loved ones, his Downing Street operation partied like they were back in the Bullingdon Club and smuggled wine into Downing Street. The Prime Minister has now been found out. He said there were no parties, and then when it was revealed there were, he said all rules were followed. Then we discovered he was not only at the parties but he was pouring the drinks. He has taken the British people for fools with his deceit. Those Conservative MPs who seek to defend his indefensible behaviour today are allowing themselves and our country to be dragged down with him. It’s time they did the decent thing and wrestled back the integrity and honesty that Boris Johnson stripped them of. There’s nothing he won’t do and no one he won’t sacrifice in his desperate efforts to save his own skin. This Prime Minister has broken his own rules, presided over widespread criminality and repeatedly lied to the public. He has brought his country into disrepute. The difference couldn’t be clearer - honesty and integrity matter to us, in stark contrast to a Prime Minister who refuses to do the decent thing. How could he even look Her Majesty the Queen in the eye when he met her last night after what he allowed to happen on the eve of Prince Philip’s funeral. Sue Gray describes the “failures of leadership and judgement” for which “senior political leadership must bear responsibility”. It is that failure of leadership that sits with Boris Johnson and no one else.   He has turned Downing Street into a wine-stained, vomit-strewn disgrace, complete with brawls between his own staff, so drunk they slept the night at their desks. The treatment and mockery doled out to the cleaning and security staff at Number 10 that has now been exposed is beyond shameful and shows this Prime Minister’s contempt for the decent hard-working people of this country. They have behaved as though it’s one rule for them and another for everyone else because that’s what they believe. We waited months for the Sue Gray Report because the Prime Minister wouldn’t come clean. But the country cannot wait any longer. It is Boris Johnson's failed leadership that has now left his Government paralysed and the British people paying the price as household bills soar. In the midst of a cost of living crisis, the Prime Minister is more focussed on his desperate attempts to save his own skin than supporting people to make ends meet. Britain deserves better. 