Meghan Markle and Prince Harry stepped down as senior members of the Royal Family two years ago but royal watchers have since suggested that the couple could return to part-time royal duties when Prince Charles is King. While discussing his book ‘Scandals of the Royal Palaces: An Intimate Memoir of Royals Behaving Badly’, royal expert Tom Quinn told US Weekly last month: “We’ve already heard Charles say he wants to streamline the royal family, [to] modernise it. “I think Meghan and Harry are hoping…Charles will be open to [them being] part-time royals, which is what they wanted from the start.” Mr Quinn added: “Of course, the Queen – who grew up with this sense that you’re either in fully or out fully – she wouldn’t allow [it]...Charles may well allow this.” Similarly, Kinsey Schofield, founder of royals site ToDiForDaily.com, told Express.co.uk that Meghan and Harry would be “eager” to return to the UK as part-time royals. As a result, Express.co.uk asked readers’ opinions on whether they thought the Duke and Duchess of Sussex should be allowed back as part-time royals. In a poll that ran from 10am on Monday, May 16, to 9am on Wednesday, May 18, Express.co.uk asked: “Should Meghan and Harry be allowed to become part-time royals?” A total of 13,498 people cast their votes with the overall response being “no” they should not be allowed to become part-time royals, winning by a landslide of 97 percent (13.119 people). A further three percent (336 people) said “yes”, they should be allowed and just 43 people said they did not know either way. Readers left hundreds of comments below the accompanying article in a lively discussion on Meghan and Harry’s future as royals. READ MORE: Prince Harry stuck in privacy 'paradox' as Duke 'wants to blabber' to press, expert claims One reader, username prestonfan1 said: “Absolutely NOT. They made their choice and now they should live with it.” Username annerein said: “No. They made their decision in 2020. Sorry if things aren't working out the way they want.” And username Sport2160 wrote: “They should never be allowed back full or part time. They left so let it play out for them whether they are successful or not.” Many others were also against the idea of Meghan and Harry returning, like username Highlands, who said: “Of course these two should not be welcomed back as working Royals, they should not be welcomed into the UK at all.” Username Arthur Martha said: “They made their choice, therefore they should NOT be 'part-time' or in fact be allowed back in at any level.” While username ​​sutty61 wrote: “No don't want them back, you're either a working royal or you're not. Others noted the Queen’s view of part-time royals in their comments with username Downwithbeer47 writing: “The Queen has already said 'NO' to that idea!” Username Juniorbutton said: “Either in or out you can’t be half in or half out! That’s what Queen Elizabeth ll said.” Another, username Tunnicliffe, said: “Harry and Meghan are out as they wanted to be, so they can stay out and in California. “As Her Majesty said, they cannot be half in or half out, or pick and choose which engagements they would want to do.” DON'T MISSRoyal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan face 'make or break' moment - Netflix 'evaluates' deal [LIVE BLOG]'Threw away $100M' Netflix continue to wield axe after scrapping Meghan Markle's project [UPDATE]Meghan Markle thought 'Royal Family needed her more than she needed them', expert claims [VIDEO]  Similarly, username David17 said: “Absolutely not!! The Firm isn't a ‘pick and mix’ affair. It's a full-time job.” However, some conceded that they would welcome Meghan, Harry and their children Archie, three, and Lilibet, 11 months back into the royal fold. Username Duke4me$ said: “I think they should be allowed to come back as they are family and continue to do the same work as when Royals. “When Prince Charles becomes King I see this happening. Prince Harry had lots of experience and he will be loved.”