Nadine Dorries, the Culture Secretary, recently signalled that the BBC licence fee will be ripped up and replaced with an entirely new model after 2027. She said the compulsory £159-a-year charge is "completely outdated" and that, in the coming months, ministers would be "looking very seriously about how we fund the BBC". It is believed a decision will be made well ahead of the BBC's royal charter renewal at the end of 2027. But any change will still be years away, with Britons up and down the country already struggling as the cost of living crisis squeezes purses to unprecedented levels. The BBC itself has suggested a string of new ways it might secure funding from the public — a vital aspect of what makes the corporation different to most media — such as a progressive tax linked to household income. But this will still likely hit those already short of money the hardest, and could even affect those who have found themselves in unfortunate circumstances – like Jean Salt who fell ill last summer. The retired piano teacher recently told The Sunday Times how she fell behind on her TV licence fee payments after she spent several months in and out of hospital, and was later diagnosed with a middle ear infection and labyrinthitis. Ms Salt received a warning letter from the company which manages TV licensing on behalf of the BBC and was prosecuted, despite, according to the publication, informing enforcement officers that she was unwell. In January of this year she was convicted in her absence and fined £604, including a £44 victim surcharge. She decided not to defend her case in court — she needs a wheelchair to leave the house — and is instead paying the fine out of her pension credit, describing the fact as "quite painful" because "money is very tight". She said: "It did surprise me it went to court JUST IN: Dad cleared of murder charges after death of burglar at his home "I got very depressed. I stopped even opening the envelopes because I was feeling sorry for myself. "I was terrified I would have a police record." Ms Salt is not alone in being convicted of TV licence evasion — in 2020 alone, 52,376 were similarly penalised, and that figure was much lower due to the coronavirus pandemic. The figures show that the majority of those convicted are women — about three quarters — and evasion was the most common offence for which women were convicted in 2019, according to the Ministry of Justice, accounting for 30 percent of all female convictions in England and Wales. Many have called for licence fee evasion to be decriminalised to avoid otherwise law-abiding citizens from being pushed into having a criminal record. Dame Vera Baird QC, the victims’ commissioner, argues that the law as it stands penalises less well off women. She told The Independent: “I remain concerned that so many women are prosecuted for TV licence evasion. "It’s an unnecessary conviction serving only to criminalise poverty and disproportionately punish poorer families and women.” Kate Paradine, chief executive of charity Women in Prison, said: “Debt-related issues should not be criminalised. "The 30 percent figure shows how many women are criminalised for extraordinarily minor so-called offences. "Even when you get down to all convictions and look at women in prison and arrests, the majority are there for very low level offences.” DON'T MISS Andrew Neil set to unleash scathing assessment of BBC licence fee [REPORT] Skyrocketing global food prices set to slam Brits [INSIGHT] Putin behaviour points to 'detachment' cancer side effect [ANALYSIS] In 2020, the Government opened a public consultation into whether Britons believed the TV licence should remain a criminalised offence. The results, published in January 2021, found significant opposition to criminal sanctions and an appetite for alternative licence fee enforcement schemes to be explored. While the Government shelved plans to decriminalise non-payment of the fee, it said it would keep this option "under active consideration". This year, the BBC opened an investigation into whether enforcement of the licence fee discriminated against women, agreeing to carry out and publish a "gender disparity review" after a single mother from Essex who faced prosecution threatened a judicial review of the system on the basis of sex discrimination. The mother, who did not want to be named, said at the time: “I felt that they target people who are helpless, such as single mums, and that this needed to be challenged. "I did this to stop other women being targeted unfairly, and so that they can see if there is discrimination.” The BBC and many of its employers have vehemently defended the licence fee as a means to keep the corporation and its programming free of outside influence and editorialising from private individuals, as well as offering the public quality content. Tim Davie, BBC director-general, stood by the rise in the fee's cost last year after telling MPs: "We need investment that people think is good value still. “Netflix, Spotify, Apple – price rises of 20-30 percent this year, we have gone up one percent this year. “When you ask what people would pay for the BBC, we are well ahead of the £13. “We are not asking to go well ahead of that, but we need to make sure we are not stripping this service, because we will then be into a spiral if you haven’t got the investment.” He was keen to point out that the BBC never wanted to take away the free licence fee from the over-75s — which has since been reinstated — and noted: “That is clear, by the way. "Once we were given that challenge, I think our judgment, which was right, to give relief to those having pensions credit. If I may, I think there is a real challenge for everyone to make sure those people who can get pension credit take it. That is a whole different meeting and a very important thing. “With the challenge we were given, I think the decision we have made is right, bearing in mind the amount of consumption among over-75s and the principle of fairness in terms of delivery of the BBC services. "If we had taken that money out of the licence fee, by the way, with what we were facing, it would have been a savage, a major, cut."