Anne Robinson recently revealed that she is stepping down from hosting the popular quiz show on Channel 4 after only one year. There have been whispers in the past she and co-star Rachel Riley have not always seen eye-to-eye, but when asked, both reply diplomatically and praise each other. Anne, however, has now said there were times when microphones were ordered to be turned off while on the game show. Fans still have time to soak up the former Weakest Link host as she will appear in her last episode this summer. Making history as the show's first female host, Anne's departure as the sixth presenter has left fans wondering who will take up the spot in the iconic Channel 4 chair. Reflecting on her time on the show, Anne stated she likes things her way on set, and there was no "rift" between her female co-stars and her. On working alongside Rachel and Susie Dent the TV host said: "They're both brilliant at what they do. I mean they really, really are. Channel 4 are incredibly lucky to have them. And there isn't a rift." Read More: The Bay's Daniel Ryan's tribute to co-star ahead of new season 'Can survive cast change' Appearing on BBC Radio 4 Woman's Hour, Anne set the rumours straight and divulged that any whispers might be because of her. She continued: "It was me wanting everyone to be quiet in the studio." Radio presenter Emma Barnett asked: "Oh, is that what it was? Do you think that is where it [rumours] came from?" Anne was quick to defend her studio etiquette and added: "I like everyone turning up on time and quiet, quiet, quiet. "So we did have to iron that out. But that's it." Emma wanted to know what "ironed out" exactly meant with her guest quick to brand her as "quite tricky" for prying so much. The 77-year-old joked: "When I was on Woman's Hour this time last year, nobody asked me probing." Anne concluded: "I think we all agreed that we would have mics off before we went into a record, which gave me time to have a chat with the contestants - that's all - and remind them what their hobbies are." DON’T MISS…Outlander theory: Jamie Fraser's ghost explained in subtle fortune teller clue[LATEST]Lily James puts on jaw-dropping display as she flaunts figure in see-through Met Gala gown [LATEST]'It was a big risk' Steph McGovern insists she doesn't care about viewing figures [LATEST] Walking away from the show allows Anne to focus on other things, and in her departing statement, she said: "I've had a blast hosting this wonderful show. And I stayed longer than I signed up for. "Now it is time for an older woman to take the reins. "I hope I've encouraged TV bosses to realise that not all women at the wrong end of their seventies are in care homes playing bingo and watching conjuring tricks." She praised the show for helping her to improve her quizzing skills and stated that the "genius of Countdown" was how it was a great way to exercise the brain.  