Meghan Markle's estranged father Thomas Markle was admitted to hospital following a stroke in the early hours on Tuesday. Following the news of his hospital admission, questions have arisen as to whether the Duchess will visit her father at his bedside. Speaking on GB News, royal expert Rafe Heydel-Mankoo discussed the possibility of a reunion between Meghan and her father. Speaking to hosts Eamonn Holmes and Rosie Wright, Mr Heydel-Mankoo said: "I just think it would be rather good PR for Harry and Meghan to make this gesture now. "That will go a long way to healing some of that negativity that there is in this country, because we have seen in polls recently that the British public, in the recent polls, 65 percent of them would welcome Thomas Markle here with open arms. "Not a similar figure for the Duchess". Host Rosie Wright asked: "It sounds like a horrendous question to ask, [with what] what's happened to him [Thomas Markle] and his current state of health, could that be something which means we see restoration in this family". READ MORE: 'She could have been on stage!' Princess Charlene's motherly pride on outing with daughter Mr Heydel-Mankoo said: "That's what we can only hope for, and I would think that this is a golden opportunity for Harry and Meghan to actually try and improve their PR in this country to just be natural human beings and reach out to one's father. "We know, very much, from the past, how much Meghan doted on her father in her early years, she credited him with bringing her up and it would be a shame if this opportunity went a miss". Thomas did not attend Meghan and Harry's royal wedding in 2018. Meghan and her dad's relationship became strained after he was caught on CCTV staging paparazzi photos. READ MORE: 'Must be terrifying for Meghan' Duchess on tenterhooks over upcoming book, expert claims In 2021, during the couple's "bombshell" interview with Oprah, Meghan revealed that she could not "fathom" what her father did when he allegedly worked with the tabloids. Meghan said her father “betrayed” her by talking to the tabloid press. Speaking on Good Morning Britain, royal biographer Tom Bower confirmed that the estranged father and Meghan "haven't been in contact since just before the wedding [in 2018]". DON'T MISS Thomas has never met his grandchildren Archie and Lilibet, who are now three-years-old and 11-months-old. Last month, the 77-year-old said that he was planning to fly to the UK in June to join in celebrations for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. His visit will bring him hope to meet with Meghan and to meet his grandchildren.