It was untenable for him to continue as chairman of the environment, food and rural affairs committee, and his continued presence on the green benches had become a source of fierce controversy. He claims he was looking at tractors on the internet and then went to a website with a “very similar name”, admitting he “watched it for a bit, which I shouldn’t have done”.  Winning election as an MP is one of the highest honours in our democracy. To watch pornography in the chamber, or elsewhere on the parliamentary estate, is utterly unacceptable. This debacle will do nothing to improve the image of Westminster. It is crucial that citizens have confidence in their representatives, and women should not have to worry about whether they will encounter misogyny if they enter politics. We deplore all forms of sexism and it is disturbing that so many stories of foul behaviour continue to emerge from Parliament. The Speaker is absolutely correct to call for  review of working practices in Parliament in the wake of allegations of bullying and sexual misconduct. The Commons must get its own house in order if it aspires to command the respect of the country.  The cost of living crisis will end up costing lives if people cannot heat their homes or eat properly this winter. Whitehall needs a minister charged with tackling this crisis. Otherwise, ministers and mandarins will push forward their pet projects without giving serious thought to the impact on family finances. We need a heavy-hitter in place who can roam throughout Government, sounding the alarm bell if a proposal threatens to push people into poverty. They should have the clout to confront business leaders who are fleecing consumers. This is a matter of life and death and, MPs of all parties should note, it will be a defining issue in coming elections. THE campaign for a new national bank holiday in honour of the Queen and community heroes has won extraordinary support, with a host of senior Conservative MPs adding their voices. If the pandemic taught us anything, it is that we should celebrate people who put others first, whether by keeping key services running or exhibiting generosity and compassion in everyday life. The Queen has provided a wonderful example for us to follow and she will inspire millions in Britain and beyond for many decades to come. A dedicated bank holiday would be a way of cherishing her memory and prizing the values the Queen embodies. 