Naomi Osaka, formerly the world's number one female tennis player, has announced she may avoid playing Wimbledon this year after learning that the tournament has been stripped of ranking points. The decision was taken after organisers banned Russian and Belarussian players from competing, but Piers Morgan fired back at her announcement on Twitter today, saying that he wouldn't want to see the "sulky brat" on the court. While Japanese star Naomi branded the tournament "pointless", asking viewers to pardon the pun, Piers delivered the thumbs up emoji to his 7.9 million followers, quipping: "Great! We don't want this sulky brat anyway." Naomi had previously announced plans to take time out from the sport for mental health reasons and had also refused to do a series of televised interviews on the same grounds. Now, speaking to the press after yesterday's first-round defeat at the French Open in Paris, she told the world that without ranking points, she wasn't sure going to London to take part was worth her while. "I would love to go just to get some experience on grass," she revealed. READ NOW: Jennifer Saunders says 'no one warned her' of ‘brutal’ health struggle "But at the same time, for me, it’s kind of – I don’t want to say pointless, no pun intended," she explained in a reference to the ATP and WTA's decision to downgrade Wimbledon this year. "But I’m the type of player that gets motivated by seeing my ranking go up." While she acknowledged that the intention behind removing the prestigious event's point system might have been "very good", she admitted it was deterring her from attending. Naomi explained: "I’m not sure why, but If I play Wimbledon without points, it’s more like an exhibition. “I know this isn’t true... but my brain just like feels that way. I just can’t go at it 100%." She added: "I didn’t even make my decision yet, but I’m leaning more towards not playing given the current circumstances.” Naomi has just over a month until proceedings kick off on June 28, so is expected to make a formal decision soon. Men's player John Isner, who represents the USA, echoed her stance, telling the world he is "not that stoked" about the idea of playing without gaining points. DON'T MISS... Rylan Clark urged critics 'lay off' Scott Mills amid BBC replacement [DEBATE] Steph McGovern's rare admission about children with secretive partner [INSIGHT] Michael Jackson’s horrific animal abuse exposed [LATEST]  "Someone is going to get crowned the champion [but] they are just not going to get 2000 points," he lamented. Meanwhile, it isn't the first time that Piers has taken aim at Naomi for her attitude. Last year, he raged: "Speaking of frauds, tennis star Naomi Osaka has spent most of the year whining, crying, throwing racket-breaking tantrums on court, and blaming the media for her poor form and mental health issues." Speaking of a public appearance she made at the 2021 Met Gala, he exclaimed in his Daily Mail column: "She rocked up, as sulky faced as ever, to parade in front of the world's media in an outrageous Louis Vuitton outfit that screamed 'GIVE ME ATTENTION!'" He added that she was an "arrogant spoilt brat" after learning of her withdrawal from the French Open, sparking a backlash among those who felt he was trivialising mental health issues. However, not to be defeated, Piers later returned to Twitter to punctuate his opinions, using video evidence of the behaviour he was honing in on. "People got very upset when I suggested Naomi Osaka may be a spoiled brat," he wrote, before adding: "Here she is repeatedly smashing up rackets..." Meanwhile @tgram39 supported Piers' tweet and had no concerns about the impact of Naomi's possible absence from Wimbledon. "She’s not bigger than the game or tournament," he shrugged. "Someone else will take her place."