Food recalls are issued when there is a health and safety issue, such as if an ingredient is not mentioned on the label. This could cause harm to some individuals with allergies. Lidl is the latest supermarket to recall a popular food product. The discount supermarket is recalling its Just Free Gluten Free Black Pudding because it contains gluten which is not mentioned on the label. It is also recalling its Just Free Gluten Free White Pudding as a precautionary measure, as it may contain gluten, which is not mentioned on the label. This means the products are a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy or intolerance to gluten. These products are sold at Lidl branches in Northern Ireland only. Both products come in packs 260g in size and have an use by date of May 20, 2022. The batch code is also the same for both products: 041-22. The Food Standards Agency (FSA) has published further information on its website, advising customers on what to do if they have already bought one of the products. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: ‘Most effective’ way to clean washing machine drawers [EXPERT]Gardening: ‘Critical’ way to give your daffodils post-flowering care [TIPS]Oven cleaning: ‘Cheap’ and ‘simple’ way to clean oven racks [INSIGHT] The FSA stated: “These products contain, or may contain gluten making them a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy or intolerance to gluten. “Action taken by the company Lidl NI is recalling the above products from customers and has been advised to contact the relevant allergy support organisations, which will tell their members about the recall. “The company has also issued a point-of-sale notice to its customers. “These notices explain to customers why the products are being recalled and tell them what to do if they have bought the products.” Lidl said in its statement: “Our supplier Loughnanes of Galway are recalling ‘Just Free Gluten Free Black Pudding’ with batch 041-22 and use by date 20/05/22 due to the presence of gluten. “If you have purchased the above products, please return them to a Lidl store for a full refund, with or without a receipt. “Lidl wishes to apologise for any inconvenience caused. “Any customers with queries or concerns can contact our Customer Services Team on the numbers below.” Lidl’s customer service number in Northern Ireland is 0289 568 4888. Meanwhile, its customer service number in the Republic of Ireland is 01 920 3010. The FSA also offered its advice to customers, saying: “If you have bought the above products and have an allergy or intolerance to gluten, do not eat them. “Instead return them to the store from where they were bought for a full refund.”