Princes Charles, William and George for the finale of the royal extravagance around 5 pm on Sunday June 5. A royal source said the 96 year old monarch “wants the world to see the heartbeat of her family and the future of the monarchy” as they close the People’s Pageant to end the festivities.  The royal family are due to appear on the balcony in front of a 10,000 strong crowd with millions more watching on television. Future Queens Camilla and Kate are set to join their husbands on the balcony. Along with Prince George the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's other children Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis may appear but that is likely to be confirmed on the day. Other members of the Royal Family are likely to watch proceedings from the Royal Box in the Grandstand at The Queen Victoria Memorial opposite the palace.  Royals watching from the box will include Princess Anne and the Earl and Countess of Wessex along with their children Louise and James. Prince Andrew's daughters Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie are also expected to watch from the Royal Box. A royal source told The Daily Mirror that the Queen thought the plans would send a “strong message to the world”. They said: “Her Majesty believes it will send a strong message to the world, that despite the family’s trials and tribulations over the past few years, those at the very top are united in getting on with the job, sharing her sense of duty and dedication to serving the people of this country and the Commonwealth.” READ MORE: Meghan fights back tears as Duchess honours 21 killed at Texas school  On Thursday, the Queen travelled to her Balmoral estate in Scotland by helicopter for a short break before the start of the royal jamboree. However for some the festivities have already started, with Big Jubilee Lunches being held across the country. Sotheby’s auctioneers in London marked the Jubilee on Thursday with an exhibition that includes a 1985 portrait of the Queen by Andy Warhol. However the official Jubilee celebrations start at 10am on Thursday June 2 with Trooping the Colour. DON'T MISS:  Kate Middleton pays tribute to Sussex wedding on eve of their return [INSIGHT] Royal Military Police arrest six Irish guards days before Jubilee [SPOTLIGHT]  Anti-Queen posters appear in nine cities days before Jubilee  [REVEAL]  It will close on Sunday June 5 with the RAF fly-past, watched by the Royal Family from the Buckingham Palace balcony. The Queen has decided that only working royals can join her on the balcony meaning the Duke and Duchess of Sussex along with the Duke of York will be absent. On Friday June 3 the monarch will attend a Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral, while on Saturday she hopes to go to the Epsom Derby with her family. However she is likely to miss the Saturday evening Buckingham Palace concert in her honour, although other family members will attend. The Jubilee Pageant on the Sunday will feature giant puppets, corgi dolls and an enormous 3D wire bust of the Queen. 