As of last month, the increase to the energy price cap is expected to see the average annual household bill rise by £693. In response to this growing crisis, the Government has launched a variety of initiatives to mitigate the damage to everyday people. One of said initiatives, the Boiler Upgrade Scheme, will allow households to claim up to £6,000 off the cost of a heat pump. As part of the £450million scheme, the Government will offer grants of £5,000 for air source pumps to be installed, with £6,000 being given to create ground source heat pumps in homes. Around 90,000 households across the country are set to benefit from this latest show of support. An estimated 14 percent of the UK’s carbon emissions reportedly originated from heating our homes, according to the Committee on Climate Change (CCC). As well as reducing the pressures placed on household energy bills, the Boiler Upgrade Scheme is set to be an environmentally friendly solution to the cost of living crisis. READ MORE: Woman, 88, in tears after losing £36,000 savings - after 'scrimping' for 50 years However, many experts are sounding the alarm that the financial support being rolled out as part of the initiative will be insufficient. Myles Robinson, a heating expert from Boiler Central, outlined how the true cost of installing heat pumps into your home is likely to well exceed £6,000. Mr Robinson explained: “First of all, the costs are immense, and these can multiply if some parts of your existing heating system are incompatible with the heat pump system, such as radiators, emitters or any pipework. “Ground source heat pump installation costs can add up to an eye watering £35,000, of which the Government can slash £6,000 off through the Boiler Upgrade Scheme.  “Compared to a £2,000 hydrogen-ready boiler and even £7,000 for an air source heat pump, this is clearly out of most people’s reach." Furthermore, Mr Robinson cited how different homes are likely to have differing levels of suitability when it comes to implementing the support offering by the Boiler Upgrade Scheme. He added: “Assuming you have the funds, do not expect that you are in the clear. Unfortunately, not every home is suitable for heat pump installation. “If you live in a flat above ground level, for example, you obviously have nowhere to dig a hole for the ground source heat pump. “Nor is it worth bothering to get planning permission for an air source heat pump that will last you less than a boiler, which you will need anyway for when it is cold outside and the pump struggles to extract heat. “Let’s say you have enough funds, you have the space and the planning permissions for either heat pump and you are committed to lowering your carbon footprint.” Despite the environmental aspects of heat pump installation, the expert lamented that the policy is likely to not do much for those impacted by soaring energy bills already. Mr Robinson added: “The reality is that most homeowners are looking for immediate solutions to cutting their gas bills because of the cost-of-living crisis. “They most certainly do not have tens of thousands of pounds to spare. The Boiler Upgrade Scheme is not for them – it is for those who can already afford the significant upfront costs of a greener heating system.” For those interested in receiving this support, applications are set to open from May 23, 2022. However, households can begin getting quotes now for how much it will cost their home. Applicants are encouraged to register their interest with MCS-certified heat pump installers via Ofgem.