The 96-year-old monarch has been struggling with her health, in particular mobility issues, in recent months. Her ill health has prevented her from attending some events but, after some of her recent appearances, it has been reported that she is "taking care of herself" with having a restricted working agenda.  Speaking on GB News last week, Daily Express' Royal Round-Up reporter Pandora Forsyth said: "We do know that she has had mobility issues, that has been reported. "She has come out, she has been to various events now". She added: "But, again, it [her attendance] will just depend on the day". GB News presenter Anne Diamond said: "Whether she has a good day or not. "At that age, whether you've got mobility issues it could be anything but, it means some days you have good days and some days you have bad days. READ MORE: 'Never reached out!' Meghan Markle sister slaps down claims she tried to mend family ties "She'll presumably do what she's up to doing". Ms Forsyth continued: "I think it's very much a case of she's going to the events actually that she wants to genuinely go to. "When we saw the opening of the Elizabeth Line, she seemed really really happy". Ms Forsyth added: "I think it's just a case, you know she's in her nineties, its a case of taking care of herself. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry eye RETURN to Windsor with unexpected Frogmore bid "[And] having a bit of a rest". The Queen has increasingly delegated some of her royal duties to other senior members of the Royal Family in recent months. The monarch was forced to cancel her appearance at the State Opening of Parliament earlier this month as a result of health issues, with Prince Charles delivering the Queen's Speech on his mother's behalf. DON'T MISS The heir to the throne was joined at the event by his eldest son William, who attended for the first time. Despite her ill health, the Queen made a surprise visit to Paddington Station to see the completed Elizabeth line earlier this month. Ahead of the official opening on May 24, the 96-year-old joined her youngest son the Earl of Wessex for the official visit. At the event, the Queen and Edward unveiled a plaque to mark the completion of London's Crossrail project.