The woman is an indefatigable force, imbued with the spirit of Robert the Bruce, the embodiment of obdurate, unflinching tenacity. Her confidence, conviction and gait give a clear signal: "Don't mess with me". She's succinct and doesn't suffer fools. Judy is an unstoppable woman on a mission. You might think it extraordinary, then, that it has taken Judy eight years to reveal that she was sexually assaulted by a drunken man as she waited to give an after-dinner speech. The boorish thug put his hand on Ms Murray's knee before shoving his hand down the back of her trousers. Judy stood up and then took refuge in the ladies' loo. Her memory of the assault is vivid. I was totally disgusted and didn't know what to do. I wanted to throw up. It rocked me so badly. I sat in the loos for ages and decided to do the speech - the show must go on and all that - but I didn't go back into the room until I knew it was time for me to go on stage." She added: "As soon as I had done my bit I picked up my bag and left. I spoke to nobody. The incident left me feeling sick to my stomach for a long time." In fact, Judy's eight-year silence is far from unusual. When the same thing happened to me live on television I said not a word. I was broadcasting on Channel 4's The Big Breakfast and didn't want to disrupt the show that, as Judy said, "must go on". Other articulate women are gradually coming forward to tell tales they have buried for years. Finally we are beginning to understand the importance of describing the horror of being groped, attacked and even raped. We know, at last, we will be believed. We realise it wasn't even in the tiniest way our fault. We didn't give off some kind of subconscious invitation. We didn't provoke or deserve an assault. It's finally time to tell. If you wonder why we didn't speak out at the time, let me explain. Most of us were brought up not to make a fuss. We didn't want to disrupt the event we were at. Often the man was married and we didn't want to break up what might have been a happy marriage. We were used to putting up and shutting up. We felt upset and traumatised but in some cases, not as if our lives had been totally ruined. We thought it polite to soldier on and not draw attention to ourselves. Stand by world - we don't think this way now. ---------- If ever you doubted the importance of Eurovision then talk, as I did, to a 20-year-old student in Kyiv. He was bursting with pride and optimism, describing the Ukrainian capital's streets as resounding with cheers, and endorsing President Zelensky's resolve to host the contest soon in a rebuilt Mariupol. As for our own talented and charming Sam Ryder? He's not only a towering talent but an all-round terrific fellow. Let's enter Sam again next year and almost combust with national pride. ---------- Amazing as it seems, Coleen Rooney and Rebekah Vardy, were supposed to have been friends. The consultant psychiatrist Dr Raj Persaud told listeners to my BBC Radio London Breakfast Show that he is fascinated by friendships fired by competition. When, he wondered, is a friend a secret foe? Cue calls from listeners convinced that there are not merely fairweather friends but "foul-weather" chums too. These are the folk who flock to your aid when you are low, feed you soup in your hospital bed and console you when your other half ups and leaves. Sounds good but beware these ministering angels. As soon as your fate perks up they head for the hills, unable to stomach the jollity. ----------  Dame Penelope Lively, author of the luminous Moon Tiger and more than 50 other novels has downed her quill. At 89, she declares that although it feels "odd" not to be writing, she doesn't want to "flog a dead horse" and will catch up on reading instead. I can't help envying her certainty. How, especially if you are fortunate enough to love your job, are you supposed to recognise when, as she puts it, that "it's high time to bow out"? How do we spot our own Dame Penelope moment? Can we trust pals to point out our sell-by date if we haven't noticed it ourselves? Should we draft in somebody to call time on our careers, or hope that no one notices and die quietly in the saddle? ---------- Underestimate Myleene Klass at your peril. Yes, she masterminds a clothing empire. Yes, she plays the piano in exquisite harmony with her two daughters aged 11 and 14. And yes, she created and presented a searingly honest documentary on miscarriage on British television. Now she's gone further, and has stepped in where teachers fear to tread with a remarkably ambitious and useful book called They Don't Teach This At School. It covers everything from first aid and mouthto-mouth resuscitation to sewing on a button, changing a plug, the best ways of saying sorry, and keeping your breath fresh. Myleene, left, has deftly parcelled everything life has taught her into digestible practical information designed to help young people survive and thrive. I'd like to pass my copy to my children but I'm afraid I can't risk parting with it. John Lewis is collaborating with British shoe firm Pip and Henry on shoes with a "jigsaw-like" design which allows them to expand by up to three half sizes. This ingenious concept will help financially pressed families survive the September school shoe debacle intact. I can't help wishing the concept could be eased into the ladies' fashion shoe market, which still ignores half sizes, leaving us either pinched of toe or with feet flapping about in an abyss. I long for a simple size of five and a half - and a slideable expander to accommodate the occasional expansion while on planes would be utter bliss. ----------