TV presenter and comedian Sue Perkins was the latest celebrity to star on BBC’s genealogy series, Who Do You Think You Are. As she traced her lineage, Sue’s childhood memories were shattered after discovering her grandmother’s London home had been destroyed, which left her shocked and fuming.  BBC’s fascinating programme, Who Do You Think You Are gives viewers an insight into the genealogy process. With celebrities taking on the show, they are able to trace their ancestry and walk in their ancestor’s footsteps as the series explores different cities and countries. Following the generations that came before them, the famous faces uncover tragedy and triumph with the help of historians and genealogists. The show kicked off its 19th series on Thursday with Sue Perkins, who wanted to discover the origins of her orphaned grandfather. READ MORE: Stranger Things season 4 release time: What time is it on Netflix? During the episode, Sue travelled to visit her grandma Lydia’s home and was met with a startling discovery. In the scene, the comedian was walking down Emerson Street and looking around as she tried to find door number 11 on Emerson Street. As she searched, Sue admitted: “I’d be very, very surprised a) if the building is still there and b) if there’s a plaque saying ‘Lydia Muller lived her.’” When Sue arrived at what was supposed to be her Grandma’s house, she was met with a building site and construction which had completely left the area unrecognisable. In complete shock, Sue fumed at the sight of construction and shouted: “Oh God, what have you done with it? “That’s my nan’s house!” The comedian decided to explore her grandmother's footsteps after she opened up about her. Lydia was her maternal grandmother and as she shared a look at a photograph, Sue opened up about her. DON'T MISS...BBC Breakfast's 'out of touch' Platinum Jubilee coverage sparks uproar [REACTION]Sue Perkins health: Star on her 'alarming' diagnosis - prolactinoma [INSIGHT]Anna Richardson says she's 'filled with dread' after Sue Perkins split [INSIGHT] She remembered Lydia as extremely hardworking and added: “I know she was the daughter of immigrant parents… so presumably that drive comes from them.” Diving into Lydia’s history a photo revealed her parents, Sue’s great-grandparents Anna and Emil, who were photographed with their eight children. During the scene, Sue shared she was aware there could have been German or Eastern European lineage. As a result, she joked with her friend and fellow comedian, Mel Giedroyc whose father had moved from Lithuania, to imagine if they were from the same “neck of the words”. Sue also took a look at her great-grandfather’s history and learned he was interned as an “enemy alien” during the First World War. Exploring her paternal side, the comedian discovered a photograph of grandfather Albert and grandmother Florence from 1917. As well as a letter from the Swanage Nursing Association dated 1937 praising Florence’s work as a midwife. As the season continues fans can expect to see other celebrities on the show including Richard Osman, Matt Lucas, Anna Maxwell Martin and Ralf Little. Who Do You Think You Are is available on BBC iPlayer. 