ITV is shaking things up ahead of the FA Cup Final between Chelsea and Liverpool. The Chase, Tipping Point and In For A Penny are normally staple show's on the broadcaster's Saturday line-up. However, all three have been removed from the schedule to make room for coverage of the sporting event. ITV appears to be giving preference to sporting events with heavy coverage of ITV Racing: Live from Newbury going straight into FA Cup Final coverage taking place this weekend.    ITV is shaking things up ahead of the FA Cup Final between Chelsea and Liverpool. The Chase, Tipping Point and In For A Penny are normally staple show's on the broadcaster's Saturday line-up. However, all three have been removed from the schedule to make room for coverage of the sporting event. ITV appears to be giving preference to sporting events with heavy coverage of ITV Racing: Live from Newbury going straight into FA Cup Final coverage taking place this weekend.    Fans had been enjoying the celebrity special of Ben Shepherd's game show, Tipping Point: Lucky Stars, which airs at the weekend, leaving viewers with the usual weekday show as well.  However, Ben, along with Bradley Walsh and The Chase team as well as Stephen Mulhern's In For a Penny, have all been axed for tonight, Saturday, May 14.  The chopping and changing of shows doesn't end there as Oti Mabuse's singing romance show, Romeo and Duet, will also be off the air for the evening.  Liverpool, who are taking on Chelsea, will set up shop on ITV1 and on the ITV Hub with the teams playing at Wembley Stadium in London. Read More: 'Don't know if that's true!' Mike Tindall rubbishes Jubilee plan claims on GMB The FA Cup is set to air from 3.45 pm.  ITV News will follow at 7.30 pm, and Britain's Got Talent fans needn't be worried as that is still on the schedule to air after the news.  It is only the second time in history that the same two sides have competed in the final of both the League Cup and FA Cup.  The only previous occasion came back in 1993 when Arsenal faced off against Sheffield Wednesday. Chelsea is hoping to lift their ninth crown after back-to-back defeats in the last two finals.  Football fans who also love a talent contestant will be glad to hear that despite however the match ends, they can still get their fix of Britain's weirdest and most wonderful acts.  Judges Simon Cowell, Amanda Holden, Alesha Dixon and David Walliams, will be joined by the BAFTA-winning duo Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly as they hunt for the best act in Great Britain.  Last week the Geordie pair used their Golden Buzzer opportunity, which means Alesha is the only star not to use her's. DON’T MISS…'BBC has LOVED it' Rees-Mogg hits back at Naga Munchetty, branding Partygate 'non-story'[LATEST]The Last Kingdom film: Eliza Butterworth won’t return as Aelswith 'We tried everything’ [LATEST]‘She absolutely goes mad' Mike Tindall in candid admission about daughter Mia [LATEST] Ant and Dec were so impressed by Japanese magician Keiichi Iwasaki that they couldn't help but hit the buzzer.  At the time, the magician couldn't believe his luck and said: "I can't explain my emotion. I never expected the Golden Buzzer."  Head judge Simon added: "You're an absolute natural. People are going to love you so much.  "You are one of the best we've seen so far." Now flying straight through to the semi-final, he will be joining some of the best acts the judges have ever seen.  Amanda sent The Greatest Showman singer, Loren Allred, who secured the first Golden Buzzer of the season when she performed Never Enough.  Simon picked comedian Axel Blake, David selected the dance group Born To Perform.