WhatsApp users across the globe are being treated to a swathe of big new features. The popular chat app, which is owned by Facebook's Meta, has just announced a blockbuster new release which includes being able to create bigger groups along with sending much larger files to friends and family. When creating one of those popular Group Chat, users will now be able to add over 500 people to it with WhatsApp saying they've increased the limit due to feedback from fans. The current limit for Group Chats is 256 users which means WhatsApp has now doubled this size. Another big change will please anyone who loves sending pin-sharp high-resolution photos or 4K videos of themselves to friends with WhatsApp upping the file size that can be sent across the platform from a pretty measly 100MB to a whopping 2GB. That's a massive increase and should end the nightmare of having to compress things before sending them across the web. To help people manage their precious mobile data, WhatsApp is advising its billions of users to send and receive these larger files when connected to Wi-Fi with the firm adding a display a counter while uploading or downloading to let users know how long your transfer will take. Explaining more, WhatsApp said: "You can now send files within WhatsApp up to 2GB in size at a time, protected by end-to-end encryption. This is an increase from the previous limit of 100MB and we think will be helpful for collaboration." The final upgrade in this big update is the addition of reactions. This change is similar to what Apple offers via its iMessage platform with WhatsApp users now able to quickly overlay emojis on each chat bubble. That means you can add qick thumbs up or love heart to a message rather than typing a reply. "We’re excited to share that emoji reactions are now available on the latest version of the app," the firm added. "Reactions are fun, fast, and they reduce overload in groups too. We’ll continue improving them by adding an even broader range of expressions in the future. We hope people enjoy these updates and look forward to sharing more throughout the year." It's unclear when everyone will get this WhatsApp upgrade but it's worth checking your device now to see if it's arrived overnight. Enjoy! HOW TO UPDATE APPS INCLUDING WHATSAPP ON ANDROID Open the Google Play Store app • At the top right, tap the profile icon • Tap Manage apps and device • Apps with an update available are labelled 'Update available' • Tap Update. ON iPHONE Open the App Store • In the sidebar, click Updates • Click Update next to an app to update only that app, or click Update All.