Alison Hammond lost a huge amount of weight by focusing on her diet and fitness plan. She revealed she followed an "amazing" exercise routine and made one major change to her diet. Alison, 47, has spoke about her weight loss in the past. At her heaviest, the TV personality weighed 20 stone. After admitting to herself that she was embarrassed by her size, Alison decided to do something about it. She introduced a new fitness routine to her day-to-day lifestyle, which included lifting weights. READ MORE: Michael Mosley: Three ‘no-calorie’ drinks to consume for weight loss As for diet, Alison made healthy food swaps to slim down. The 47-year-old chose to join the weight loss group Weight Watchers, sharing on social media: "This is something I wanted to achieve for a long time and I haven’t managed it on my own, so I went to my local workshop and met my lovely Wellness Coach Andrea and the rest is history! “I’m falling in love with the journey and hope you will support me as much as you can.” She added: "I know this may sound a bit corny but I’m so happy doing @ww.uk as it’s given me the confidence to just embrace myself fully. DON'T MISS:Doctor shares food swaps and exercises to 'reduce the ageing process' [EXPERT]Woman drops 4.5st in 3 months and has 'chocolate mousse for dessert' [PICTURES]‘Best’ diet for weight loss named - ‘lose 16lbs more’ than other diets [INSIGHT] "I never really liked my face without make-up as I have dark patches but now I’m totally loving myself and falling in love with me while I'm away on holiday. "I don’t have to have make-up to be beautiful because I’m beautiful full stop. Yes! Please join my crusade of loving yourself." Alison went on to say that one thing she has changed about her lifestyle is "drinking more water". "I didn’t realise that often when I used to snack, it was because I was thirsty," she said. "I try to get through at least two litres of water every day now and that makes me feel so much better." She added that she has also been "doing a bit more exercise". "I now have a personal trainer and he’s amazing. I work at my own pace - we do circuits and I absolutely love it." But a dislike for her appearance wasn't the only motivator Alison had to lose weight. The This Morning host has opened up about her mother's illness in the past. She suffered from diabetes and died in February 2020 after being diagnosed with liver and lung cancer. Alison was diagnosed with a pre-diabetic condition around the same time. She said: "I've never had health issues until then. It scared me because my mum had diabetes and I want to be there for my son. "I decided to do something about it. I go for walks and I cut out sugar. I feel a lot better. I'm not weighing myself, because you feel it in your clothes. "I'm no longer pre-diabetic, and I'm doing really well. I’ve been doing that for a while now, and you know something? "I feel fitter, I feel stronger. I might not look perfect yet, but personally, I’m perfect, full stop."