  Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker got married in an extravagant Italian ceremony. The reality star looked stunning in a white mini dress and intricate veil as the pair were photographed reciting their vows.     Kourtney, 43, looked stunning as she wed drummer Travis, 46, for the third time at a Castle in northern Italy. The couple previously tied the knot in Las Vegas after the Grammys and then again in Santa Barbara last weekend. Travis’ daughter Alabama Luella Barker took some snaps of the mother-of-three at the altar this evening, which showed off the bridge’s jaw-dropping outfit. The couple knelt on red and gold thrones for the ceremony in front of a wall of red roses. READ MORE: Roger Moore and his fourth wife Kristina's devastating tragedy     Alabama shared pictures of the happy couple tying the knot at Castello Brown on her Instagram story. Kourtney was a vision in white in her unconventional mini dress and long gloves. Her large veil, emblazoned with a religious image as well as floral detailing, fanned out behind her on the red carpet. The Blink 182 rocker held hands with his bride as they exchanged vows for the third time.      Kourtney’s gown appeared to be corset-style and made from a mix of lace and satin material. Her white gloves were fingerless, which helped add to her rocker-bride aesthetic and she wore her dark locks in an elegant up-do. Alabama also shared a selfie with Kourtney, which showed the bride’s stunning smokey eye makeup. The star wore a neutral lipstick next to her new stepdaughter, who had opted for a bolder lip liner. READ MORE... Rebekah Vardy’s ex denies he ‘forced’ Peter Andre ‘chipolata' chat [UPDATE] Deborah James' ‘rapid decline’ as family have to carry her to toilet [UPDATE] Steph McGovern receives support after she's pictured crying at home [NEWS]     Travis was spotted arriving at the Portofino ceremony this evening in a dark suit and white shirt, while his distinctive head tattoos were clearly visible from a distance. Kourtney married Travis in an official ceremony last week in a private local courthouse wedding, which excluded most of their family. Only Kourtney's grandmother MJ and Travis' dad Randy were invited, as they were present to act as the couple’s official witnesses. The pair have more than made up for it since then, however, with what appears to be their most lavish celebration of love yet.     Kourtney and Travis first sparked dating rumours back in February 2019, when they were spotted grabbing dinner together in Malibu. While it was been reported the pair have been friends “for years” before they got together, those rumours soon turned out to be true. The couple got engaged in October 2021 on the beach in Montecito, California. The pair had been publicly dating for less than a year before the musician popped the question to the Keeping Up with the Kardashians star.   