Andy Murray has teamed up with former Chelsea doctor Eva Carneiro in a bid to extend his career, according to reports. The former world No 1 has struggled with injuries in recent years and is climbing back up the rankings. A persistent hip injury prompted two major surgeries for the two-times Wimbledon champion. There had been rumours that Murray, who turns 35, was planning to retire after struggling to overcome his issues. But Murray is hoping to extend his career and has entrusted the ex-Chelsea medical expert Carneiro. The 48-year-old worked for the Premier League side between 2009 and 2015 but quit following a disagreement with then-manager Jose Mourinho. Carneiro’s departure prompted a high-profile tribunal which was eventually settled on confidential terms. She has since been researching the effect of collagen peptides – short chains of amino acids that help build hair, skin and muscles – on athletic performance, according to the Telegraph. JUST IN: Djokovic responds after ex-coach fails to warn him about new player The publication continues that Murray’s management group has been scouting for experts on how to extend his career for four years. They suggested Dr Carneiro, whose work was relevant to Murray’s continued injuries. Carneiro recently told the same publication of the Brit: “Fantastically knowledgeable – the kind of athlete who is always looking to examine the science and trying to work out how it can help him. “As medical professionals, we are discovering that what we thought was impossible is no longer the case. Athletes like Andy and Rafael Nadal are breaking boundaries on all fronts. These are unique, very intelligent, educated people, who are prepared to take and examine medical evidence and advice and push through perceived challenges. DON'T MISS...Murray pessimistic about chances as he sets up Djokovic clashMurray's main weapon may be used against him in Shapovalov Madrid tieAndy Murray wins first match on clay in five years vs Dominic Thiem “We also have to be careful with them, to be ethical and be prepared to discuss their futures and quality of life with their families. We want them to enjoy life after retirement, not to be suffering because of their choices today. “But they have assembled teams of quality experts whom they trust. They are very good at assessing the risks, making the decisions together, and then having the mental strength to push forward and do what they need to do.” On Thursday, Murray faces his first clash with world No 1 Novak Djokovic since Murray sat atop the rankings in 2017. The pair will battle in the last-16 of the Madrid Open. The 34-year-old has recently looked closer to the player who used to challenge the likes of Djokovic, Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer for Grand Slams. He produced an impressive performance to see off Denis Shapovalov in the previous round in Madrid, winning a gruelling three-set match against the world No 16.