It can be challenging to know where to begin when it comes to retirement, but many will have big dreams and plans. To help Britons get on the right track, Express.co.uk spoke to Suzanne Williams, chartered financial planner at Old Mill. She offered her top tips on how to prepare for retirement. Ms Williams stressed the more prepared a person is for retirement, the easier it will be - both financially and emotionally. Firstly, Ms Williams said, thinking about when a person wants to retire is key - particularly as there is no fixed age by which to do so. However, what is important is that individuals are in a secure financial position and can fund their lifestyle for the remainder of their time. READ MORE: Pensioners warned 850,000 older Britons may miss out on £650 payment The average life expectancy in the UK at 65 is 20 years for men and 22 years for women, but many people live into their nineties and will have to provide for themselves. The second key planning tip is to plan a smooth transition out of one’s working environment into retirement. A gradual transition from full time work to full time retirement is preferable for many people, regardless of their financial position. Many will look at cutting down their hours, or search for a part-time job, perhaps related to their hobbies. DON'T MISSWoman, 63, unplugging all her plug sockets before going to work [ANALYSIS]'Scarily little': Britons reminded of 'things you forgot cost money' [INSIGHT]Sunak takes half a billion pounds inheritance tax in April - fight it [UPDATE] A third point of action is to work out how much a person will need to make their retirement work. Everyone’s lifestyle costs are different, and Ms Williams has stressed it is a good step to ensure one has a clear understanding of current and planned future expenditure. Firstly, individuals can look at their current monthly expenditure, analysing their salary or income and what is left at the end of the month - the difference is their current expenditure. Then, attention can be turned to additional retirement costs such as more holidays or new hobbies. Costs which are no longer applicable in retirement such as commuting, pension contributions and mortgage repayments can be taken away. Ms Williams added: “Remember to add in an emergency pot of money to deal with those unexpected costs. “This could be home repairs, or appliances breaking down, for example.” Britons will also need to gain clarity on their financial position, to ensure they are best placed for their retirement. Ms Williams explained: “List out your pensions, savings and investments you have in a spreadsheet or on a piece of paper. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “It may be easy to see the income some of these will pay you – some company pension schemes will give you a guaranteed income, or you may get rental income from buy to let property for instance. “Most people will also receive a pension from the Government, currently when they reach the age of 66 although this is going to increase to age 67 in the next few years. “The full new state pension is currently £185.15 per week - that’s £9,627 a year, or potentially over £19,000 for a couple.” Finally, Ms Williams stressed people should never be afraid to ask for help if they need it in securing their financial future. In some cases, this may involve consulting a financial planner as these experts can often offer tailored advice to suit personal circumstances. Others may wish to make use of the Government service Pension Wise, or organisations such as Citizens Advice or Money Helper.