Jason Walker, 42, visited the Balearic Island to celebrate his cousin’s birthday last month but was unaware Spain had recently introduced the rule on resort islands, including Ibiza and Palma. Jason assumed the £240 he paid had entitled him to as much food and drink as he wanted during the three-night break with travel operator Love Holiday. But the security officer was one of hundreds of Brits to get caught out by the the restrictions, Wales Online reports. Writing online, others branded the move "terrible" and "outrageous". One posted: "That’s outrageous... That's how to lose customers." Another said: "This is terrible." Jason said: "We were very upset and angry. We’ve come as a family of eight to celebrate my cousin’s 40th and while we have still had a good time, we have incurred extra costs as a result. "We only found out when we checked in and only budgeted so much because thought all our food and drink would be covered. "I understand they are trying to stem alcohol abuse and rowdy behaviour, but I think this has been done very sneakily – I was not made aware of it and didn’t know about the law. We are also here as a family and all-inclusive is great for families as you don’t have to worry about budgeting for food and drink." Local authorities in Spain introduced the booze ban in January this year.   The law has caught out hundreds of British holidaymakers who are returning to the islands following years of travel restrictions. The changes are also believed to have banned pub crawls, happy hours and two-for-one drinks offers. Hefty fines are imposed by organisers and those taking part in these on the islands, which also include Magaluf. But Jason, of Blackburn, Lancashire, said: "I have looked at the small print and the alcoholic drink rule is there, so I don't think it should be sold as an all-inclusive inclusive holiday, it should be sold as half-board or something along those lines. "If you are booking an all-inclusive holiday, I recommend that you look at the small print and see what is actually included and what's not because the rules have changed."   A spokesperson for the ABTA - The Travel Association said the rules have the potential to cause “confusion” among holidaymakers. They said: “ABTA strongly supports initiatives that improve the health and safety of holidaymakers, as well as the welfare of local communities. "Some of the measures introduced by the Balearic Islands authorities to limit anti-social behaviour have potential to cause confusion for UK holidaymakers. We welcome the recent clarification from the authorities, including that the restrictions will only apply to certain limited areas in Mallorca and Ibiza rather than the whole of the Balearics as originally proposed.  "ABTA will continue to engage with the Balearic Islands Government, ABTA Members and other parties, to encourage clear communication and exchange of information, in order to ensure holidaymakers travelling to hotels in the designated areas enjoy a positive customer experience." Travel operator Thomas Cook recently alerted their customers to the crack down on free booze through an email. It said: "Please be advised that a decree has been issued by the Balearic Government on a new restriction for All Inclusive meal option. There is a maximum of six alcoholic drinks per person per day that can be served and these drinks will be provided only during lunch and dinner (three each). "Please be aware that Magalluf, El Arenal, Playa de Palma in Mallorca and Sant Antoni in Ibiza, there is new restriction on All Inclusive." Love Holidays, which sold the all inclusive holiday to Jason, has been approached for comment. 