Requests for a new mandate to try and end the frictions surrounding negotiations on the Northern Ireland Protocol have been roundly rejected by EU leaders, João Vale de Almeida warned. He said the British Government's desire to change the terms of the international treaty, agreed as part of the 2019 EU withdrawal agreement, would not be accepted by political leaders on the continent. It leaves hopes of a diplomatic solution to ease the tensions between London and Brussels in tatters. Earlier this week, Foreign Secretary Liz Truss announced plans to pass new legislation to change the terms of the Northern Ireland Protocol if the EU did not compromise on its red lines in talks. She urged the EU to change the mandate of its negotiator to allow more flexibility in finding a solution. The South West Norfolk MP warned the current strict implementation of the deal by the bloc was undermining the UK's internal market and at risk of destroying the Good Friday Agreement. READ MORE ON OUR BREXIT LIVE BLOG  There is frustration among ministers that the terms of negotiation from EU leaders leave the European Commission without the flexibility necessary to find a solution to the current impasse caused by the Protocol. Eurocrats can only engage based on the terms set out by the elected leaders of EU member states. Speaking today, Mr Vale de Almeida said the countries had rejected demands for new terms of negotiation. He said: "We were told that we should get a new mandate. "Well, I can tell you very clearly what the member states are telling us is it's very simple. "You don't need a mandate and even if you ask for one, you will not get it. READ MORE: Macron's attack dog Beaune savages UK over Truss plot to override deal  "This is what we got from our member states." France and Germany are the two biggest economies in the EU, with their views holding considerable sway over the actions of the Commission. Mr Macron has been one of the most hard-line leaders on the continent in dealings with the UK, arguing there can be no case for more talks on Brexit. The intransigence on the Protocol from the EU means Ms Truss is likely to now take unilateral action to fix issues caused by the deal. DON'T MISS:Brussels gets personal: EU poised to directly target Brexiteer MPs [INSIGHT]Food crisis: EU's protection of French farmers is coming home to roost [UPDATE]EU gun to our head saw British manufacturing 'given away' [COMMENT]  The Foreign Secretary outlined on Tuesday her intention to bring forward legislation to overwrite parts of the post-Brexit deal, freeing goods destined to stay within the UK from EU-level checks. She told the Commons the move was needed to reduce "unnecessary bureaucracy" and to protect the Good Friday Agreement but would also provide the reassurances requested by the EU to protect the single market. "This respects Northern Ireland's place in the UK, in its customs territory, and protects the UK internal market," she said. "At the same time it ensures that goods destined for the EU undergo the full checks and controls applied under EU law." Unionists argue the current implementation of the Protocol is causing frictions to trade within the UK. In order to stop goods from entering the EU via the Republic of Ireland, customs checks are imposed on goods crossing from Great Britain to Northern Ireland.  Ministers are pushing for the EU to agree to drop checks on goods which are destined to remain in the province and have little chance of ending up travelling south to the Republic. Warning Ms Truss against introducing the new legislation,  Mr Vale de Almeida warned Brussels would retaliate to any action taken without EU approval. "If there is action, unilateral action on one side, there will be a reaction on the other, but I could not anticipate what that reaction would be," he said. Calling for an end to the current rows between the UK and EU, the ambassador added: "We want to move on. We want to concentrate and focus on the positive things." 