Princess Diana had a genius fashion hack that saved her from many embarrassing wardrobe malfunctions. The Princess of Wales loved fashion and was known worldwide for her great sense of style. Each time she stepped out in public, Diana would wow royal fans.  But what fashion hacks did the Princess use when appearing at public engagements? Daena Borrowman, Marketing Manager at jewellerybox spoke to Express.co.uk about style protocols the royals must follow to preserve their modesty. She said: “There are dozens of protocols in place that stylists and dressers of the royals have to familiarise themselves with. “This is to prevent working royals from landing into embarrassing fashion faux pas.  READ MORE: Princess Anne's 'healthy' diet includes unusual breakfast “It is customary for senior royals to dress modestly during public appearances. “This is in order to preserve the sanctity of the Royal Family. “Royal women are expected to wear pantyhose whenever their legs are exposed in public. “The Duchess of Cambridge, who favours nude pantyhose and has worn it with many iconic outfits, has often triggered the sellout of nude pantyhose.  “Pennies or small weights are sewed into the hemlines of dresses to avoid them being blown up by a strong gust of British wind. “Royal women are also discouraged from showing off their cleavage. “In order to still wear bespoke dresses with daring necklines, the Duchess of Cambridge has her evening gowns altered ever so slightly to keep with the rules. “Meanwhile her late mother-in-law, Princess Diana, used to hold her clutch to her chest while exiting vehicles.”  One hack the Princess of Wales was famous for was her use of a clutch bag when she stepped out of a car. Diana reportedly dubbed the move as her ‘cleavage clutch’, as it protected her modesty when getting out of the car. This was especially the case when photographers were there waiting for the Princess. This move became a staple for Diana.  She was often pictured holding her clutch bag to cover her chest when exiting a vehicle. Chelsea-based handbag designer Anya Hindmarch regularly helped the Princess of Wales with her accessories. Ms Hindmarch previously said: "She was a very loyal customer and a lot of fun… she would come and see us with no bodyguards or any fuss. “We used to laugh when we designed what she called her ‘cleavage bags,’ little satin clutches which she would cover her cleavage with when she stepped out of cars,” she told the Telegraph. 