Sophy Ridge quizzed Kwasi Kwarteng on her Sunday morning segment on Sky News about winning the Eurovision Song Contest following an outpour of support in the Grand Final held on Saturday night. Traditionally, the winning act hosts the following contest on their home soil, but doubts have been cast as to whether the 2023 contest could be held in war-torn Ukraine. However, many viewers feared the UK "cannot afford the electricity" to host the event. The politician told viewers he thought it was an important moment when Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky said next year's Eurovision Song Contest should be held in Ukraine.Kwarteng added: "Eurovision should be hosted in Ukraine and that's what we hope to see."He added: "We've supported Ukraine right from the start of this crisis."However, viewers expressed their fears over the UK stepping in to host the contest with, @Queen_UK tweeting: "Just to be clear, we cannot afford the electricity to host this. #Eurovision" READ MORE: 'Nul points!' Fans furious as Mika mimes on Eurovision  Simon remarked: "You think Ukraine can host it next year? It's coming here, electric bill or not." @Brazilianboy3 fumed: "How can we have money to host Eurovision, but we don’t have money to pay for proper heat and food for more than seven million people living beyond poverty? "Was wondering the same," Marc Rodriguera said. "Turin’s post-event electricity bill must be shocking. #Eurovision" However, other viewers argued Ukraine might prefer the contest to be held elsewhere.   Sunday Brunch viewers in hysterics over Tim Lovejoy's 'loser' outfit after losing bet Zane Webb said: "Why this presumption Eurovision should automatically come to the UK? It would be the perfect opportunity for it to be held in Ukraine. "If not then maybe the Ukrainians would prefer it to be held in Poland or Czech or wherever else... Surely they can decide?!" Andrea added: "Let's see what the people say first and then you can worry about your future electricity bill." Ukraine's entry Kalush Orchestra won the contest with their folk-rap tune, Stefania, on Saturday night, and the UK came second place with Sam Ryder's hit, Space Man.  DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan claims Eurovision is 'rigged farce' after Ukraine win [OPINION]Eurovision’s Sam Ryder comforts Marius Bear after he gets nul points [LATEST]BBC Breakfast's Eurovision coverage sparks fury with fans 'Ridiculous' [REACTION]  Ridge and Kwarteng discussed where in Ukraine the contest could be held next year. The Sky broadcaster said: "They have talked about the contest even being held in Mariupol, is that something we should make sure does happen?" The MP reiterated that Zelensky has made it very clear he wanted the contest to be held in Ukraine and had suggested Mariupol. Ridge explained how Ukraine might need the support of other countries to make that "dream become a reality".  The MP agreed and stressed how much the UK has supported Ukraine since Russian President Vladimir Putin declared war on the nation. He assured Sky viewers the UK will continue to support Ukraine as the crisis continues. The UK has already provided more than 4,000 anti-tank weapons to Ukraine's armed forces and 46,100 refugees have arrived in the UK. Sophy Ridge on Sunday airs on Sky News on Sundays from 8.30am. 