The British public has historically always backed the Queen, with support for Her Majesty flying high in her seventieth year on the throne. But against the backdrop of her landmark reign, the anti-monarchy campaign group Republic has warned of the "huge problem" coming over the horizon for the Royal Family. This follows a poll carried out by YouGov, published on Wednesday, which revealed more than one in four Brits now back getting rid of the monarchy. The poll for Republic surveyed 1,754 adults in Britain between April 30 and May 2, and showed that three in five UK adults still supported the institution. This is a dip from previous results, which showed three out of four UK adults wanted the monarchy to remain part of British society. The results highlighted an age trend, in which 40 percent of people under 25 said they wanted to do away with the monarchy compared to the figure of 27 percent across all age groups. Republic’s Graham Smith called the results evidence of a “slow puncture” in support for the Crown in the UK. He added: "Just ten years ago monarchists were consistently boasting that three-quarters of the population supported the royals, now support stands at just 60 percent." This poses a "huge problem for the royals" in years to come, he said. Part of this issue is because of the pivotal role the Queen, with her record-breaking reign, has played in maintaining support for the Firm, Mr Smith claimed. READ MORE: Prince Harry 'rethinking' breakaway from Royal Family He commented: "The Queen is the monarchy, the monarchy is the Queen and it's the Queen who continues to sustain support for the monarchy." "That's a huge problem for the royals, because at some point in the next few years she will no longer be there to keep the show going." "As we approach the jubilee it's time the country started to have a serious debate about the monarchy, what it's for, what it represents and what democratic alternatives are on offer." "I am confident that sooner than most people might expect, a majority of people in this country will want the monarchy gone." DON'T MISS: A look at three royal residences the Queen loves [INSIGHT] Royal Family LIVE: 'Can't afford misstep' Walden warns Harry [LIVE] Queen as she's never been seen before in stunning Jubilee portrait [REVEAL] In a YouGov poll carried out between March 12 and May 7, 2021, 61 percent of adults asked still believed the UK should continue to have a monarchy. Just short of one in four people believed an elected head of state should replace the monarch, whereas 15 percent of the 4,997 adults asked did not know how they felt about the monarchy. Of those asked in a previous YouGov survey between March 5 and October 4, 2020, 65 percent supported the monarchy, compared with 22 percent who would back an elected head of state. Of the 3127 participants, 13 percent responded they did not know. A similar picture was seen in YouGov’s results for the period between October 2 and November 22, 2019, when 65 percent of the 4,870 respondents supported the monarchy. Just shy of one in five participants preferred an elected head of state, whereas 15 percent did not know.