Nick Knowles, 58, recently went public with his new girlfriend Katie Dadzie, 31. But his colourful dating life has been under scrutiny before, including his ill-fated romance with Emmerdale actress Gemma Oaten, 38. Gemma began dating DIY SOS star Nick back in 2017, just eight months after he split from his wife Jessica. The Rachel Breckle actress claimed their brief romance shattered her self-confidence after he dumped her by text. She said he "dropped her like a ton of bricks" after pictures emerged of them together. Gemma said: “One Sunday morning we were lying in bed and all these texts came through about us being photographed together. READ MORE: Bear Grylls credits Amanda Owen for being 'a huge support' “In an instant he completely changed. It was all about him and how it was going to affect his family. It was really cruel as he said it didn’t matter for me. I felt sick." She added: “I said, ‘Do you want to throw away what we have? We have done nothing wrong’. But he just dropped me like a ton of bricks. “I thought it was a real relationship and he wasn’t afraid to let others know.” The star admitted the “upsetting and hurtful” incident knocked her confidence, prompting her to “keep her guard up” when it came to dating. The pair initially got together after meeting at the TV Choice Awards in September. She revealed how he wooed her, calling her "beautiful" and, when he learned she had brought her best friend as her date, asked her out to dinner. Nick took Gemma on a romantic weekend to Edinburgh before calling time on their fling when their relationship hit the headlines, saying his priority was fixing his relationship with his wife and mother of his youngest child, Eddie. Nick and his wife Jess then reconciled for a brief time but split again in January. DON'T MISS...'Sleeps on piles of gold!' The Chase stars mock Bradley Walsh's salary [TWITTER] Amanda Holden, 51, flashes incredibly toned pins in leggy display' [PICTURES]Don't marry a bimbo!' Deborah James' warning to husband after death [WARNING] His representative declined to comment. Since then, Big House Clearout star Nick has been linked to marketing executive Rebecca Kearns, 30 years his junior. By 2019, he was said to be dating PR executive Emily Hallinan, 26. And now, he has found love with Katie, who he met at Eddie’s playgroup. A source told The Sun: "They actually met through their youngest offspring and went on a few playdates as pals, before romance blossomed. “Katie is a beautiful woman, fiercely independent and just Nick’s type." He was forced to hit back at cruel trolls who sent him abuse over their age gap relationship and accused Katie of being after his money. "The woman I was out to dinner with when we were papped is 32, has degrees in two subjects, runs three businesses, is a mother of two and is wealthier and more successful than me,” he wrote on Twitter. “And she is intelligent and independent, unlike the abusive trolls attacking her.”