The Duke and Duchess of Sussex visited the 96-year-old monarch on their way to the Invictus Games in April, and have since confirmed their attendance at the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations this summer. However, royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams believes more needs to be done before they can move past the tension. Speaking to US Weekly, Mr Fitzwilliams said: "I’d say the rift very definitely hasn’t been healed". He added: "That, I’m afraid, is quite clear." His comments came after Meghan and Harry met with the Queen at Windsor Castle on their way to the Games in the Hague, Netherlands, just ahead of Easter. After their meeting, Harry spoke about his close relationship with his grandmother and said how "great" it was to see her but declined to confirm whether he would attend the Jubilee celebrations.  But since then, a spokesperson for the couple confirmed: "Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are excited and honoured to attend The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations this June with their children". Despite the warm comments about his grandmother and recently announced plans to attend the landmark celebrations this June, Mr Fitzwilliams believes the tense situation is far from over. He said: "It really is an extraordinary situation". Buckingham Palace recently confirmed the couple will not stand on the balcony alongside other senior royals, as they are no longer working members of the firm. READ MORE: Britons divided over thought of Platinum Jubilee balcony without Queen The statement read: "After careful consideration, the Queen has decided that this year’s traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday 2nd of June will be limited to Her Majesty and those members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of the Queen." The royal commentator also noted that there is likely another source of potential drama on the way as Prince Harry's memoir is due to be published later this year. He said: "It will again be a source of very, very substantial discord. DON'T MISS: Kate becomes ‘new Diana’ as she shows off bold fashion choices [INSIGHT]Queen takes 'hugely significant' step as monarch ushers in new era [ANALYSIS]Queen 'deploys ring of steel' to stop Harry and Meghan documentary bid [COMMENT] "Whatever he writes, if it’s published this year, it’s going to cause problems." The book, which is set to be released in July 2021, has been described by the Duke as a "wholly truthful" account of his life. In a statement, he said: "I’m writing this not as the prince I was born but as the man I have become. “I’ve worn many hats over the years, both literally and figuratively, and my hope is that in telling my story — the highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learned — I can help show that no matter where we come from, we have more in common than we think." 