He now has the opportunity to cement his position in the history books as a great Chancellor by devising a response to the cost-of-living crisis that will protect households from ruin, keep the economy on track for a full recovery and put the nation’s finances on the strongest possible footing. Accomplishing just one of these goals would be a major achievement at a time of global economic turbulence. Mr Sunak and his counterparts in different countries are having to grapple with the legacy of the pandemic, the consequences of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and the dangers of rising inflation. Energy regulator Ofgem sounded the alarm bell on Tuesday with its warning that bills are on course to hit at least £2,800. Around 12 million customers are in danger of fuel poverty. Mr Sunak must avert a social disaster at the same time that the NHS needs urgent investment and people are desperate to see radical improvements in social care. The UK can get through this storm and people in every community are trusting Mr Sunak to make the right decisions. Vladimir Putin will condemn multitudes of innocent people to death by starvation if he blocks the export of Ukraine’s crops. Transport Secretary Grant Shapps has warned of a famine that could lead to more deaths than the war itself, and David Beasley of the World Food Programme has said that failure to open Ukraine’s ports would be a “declaration of war on global food security”. Mr Beasley argues Ukraine normally grows enough food to feed 400million people and warns of a “hell storm on earth”.  Putin’s pariah status will grow yet more toxic if he is responsible for food scarcity and starvation. The civilised nations of the world must not allow him to cause yet more pain. The creation of the Prince’s Trust is one of Prince Charles’s greatest contributions to the life of this nation. Not only has it helped legions of vulnerable young people grasp new opportunities, its awards ceremony is a blaze of much-needed gaiety. It is wonderful to see the heir to the throne laughing with the likes of Lord Lloyd-Webber, the stars of Bridgerton, Felicity Kendal and Ant and Dec. The brilliant work of the Trust is a production that would make a West End impresario proud. It is entirely fitting it is celebrated by showbiz royalty in such spectacular fashion. 