The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have reportedly made a private donation to the BowelBabe Fund launched earlier this week by Ms James. The podcaster announced the creation of the fundraiser in a heartbreaking Instagram post in which she announced she had been moved to hospice at home care following a five-long year battle with stage four bowel cancer. Just hours after going live, the fundraiser hit the goal initially set by Ms James of £250,000. Three days later, it has surpassed £3.5million. The journalist and former deputy headteacher has documented her health battle via her social media accounts under the nickname BowelBabe, which inspired the name of her fundraiser. In 2018, she also started co-hosting the BBC podcast You, Me and the Big C alongside Lauren Mahon and BBC Radio 5 Live newsreader Rachael Bland - who died only six months later, two years after her breast cancer diagnosis. The show was praised for speaking candidly about cancer and addressing practical matters linked to the illness, including hair loss and finances. Ms James bowed out of the podcast last Tuesday, after saying her liver had stopped working over the past six months and doctors were advising against more active treatment as her body "does not want to play ball". Among those who were deeply touched by her latest health update, there were also Kate and William. On Wednesday, the royals penned a personal message on Twitter, reading: "Every now and then, someone captures the heart of the nation with their zest for life & tenacious desire to give back to society. READ MORE: 'The people's Prince' William praised for embracing emotional fan "@bowelbabe is one of those special people. "Her tireless efforts to raise awareness of bowel cancer & end the stigma of treatment are inspiring. "We are so sad to hear her recent update but pleased to support the @bowelbabef, which will benefit the @royalmarsdenNHS among others. "Deborah, our thoughts are with you, your family and your friends. "Thank you for giving hope to so many who are living with cancer." To stress they were behind the message, the Duke and Duchess signed it off using their initials, "W & C". Kate and William's emotions were also highlighted by a senior palace source. They said: "Along with the rest of the nation, the Duke and Duchess have been touched by Deborah's story and huge efforts to raise awareness." Twitter users appreciated the royals' support of Ms James's fundraiser, with one, Kayla Adams, writing: "Absolutely heartbreaking, it’s sad to see but I’m sure she’s so proud of what sharing her story has achieved. Lovely that you’re supporting this fund." Others urged the Royal Family to award Ms James an honour in recognition of her efforts to raise awareness and money. MCreek, wrote: "Her sterling effort should really be rewarded by an honour by HM the Queen (if I may be so bold). "To have raised so much money in less than two days and having done so much to educate us on bowel cancer, is simply outstanding." And Kate Anderson tweeted: "Is it possible to ‘fasttrack’ an honour for Deborah? Surely her services to charity should be recognised - especially whilst going through what others suffer too- its recognition for others too." As highlighted by Kate and William, the Bowel Babe Fund will work with the charity Cancer Research UK, Bowel Cancer UK and the Royal Marsden to allocate the money. The Royal Family has had a long-term relationship with the Royal Marsden, which was granted its Royal Charter of Incorporation by King George V in 1910. The Queen became its patron in June 1952 and in 1989 Princess Diana became its president. William took on the role of president in 2007, two years after he undertook a two-day work experience at the hospital's Children's Unit.