David Birney, who first found success on Broadway, died of Alzheimer’s disease on April 29, at his home in Santa Monica, California at the age of 83. His life partner Michele Roberge confirmed the news, according to reports. Michele explained David had been first diagnosed with the condition back in 2017. She had confirmed the news of his death to the New York Times. The classically trained actor first started his career as a theatre performer where he was adored by doting viewers on a regular basis in some of the most iconic roles on stage. David enjoyed great success on the stage, appearing in productions at the New York Shakespeare Festival and on Broadway, where he appeared in Amadeus and Man and Superman. READ MORE: Janette Manrara's injury fear addressed after hospital dash  He also portrayed classical parts including Hamlet, Macbeth and Richard III, as well as Atticus Finch in To Kill A Mockingbird and Algernon Moncrieff in Oscar Wilde’s The Importance of Being Earnest. David gained further recognition when through his onscreen work, which included the popular but controversial sitcom Bridget Loves Bernie from 1972 to 1973. Tributes have since poured in for the beloved actor following the news of his death. Twitter user, Amanda Reyes commented: "A fixture in the world of made for TV movies, David Birney turned in a number of impressive performances. My favorite roles came out of the excellent 'male Sybil' docudrama The Five of Me, and Someone's Watching Me, which is perfection. What presence. And, what a sad day. RIP."  Karen tweeted: "Sad to learn that David Birney has passed at the age of 83. I remember him best from TV’s Bridget Loves Birney." Tommy Kovac commented: "R.I.P. David Birney, you were a fantastic actor in many diverse roles but you'll always be the understanding divorced dad in OH GOD, BOOK ll (1980)." Matt Veasey added: "Back in the '70s & 80s my wife looked just like Meredith Baxter. 'Bridget Loves Bernie' was a really nice little show that I'm glad I got to see as a kid. I remember him turning up as a St. Elsewhere regular for a bit as well. RIP, David Birney." David's CBS sitcom, Bridget Loves Bernie, which depicted a Jewish interfaith marriage between a Jewish taxi driver and a Catholic school teacher, was one of the network's highest-rated shows. DON'T MISS... Lily James puts on jaw-dropping display in see-through Met Gala gown[LATEST]Kylie Jenner mocked by Lily Allen for lookalike Met Gala wedding gown[PICTURES]Vanessa Hudgens risks wardrobe malfunction at Met Gala 2022[RED CARPET] Following public criticism from many Jewish groups though, who objected to its portrayal of intermarriage and claimed the show used Jewish stereotypes, Bridget Loves Bernie was cancelled. David went on to marry his Bridget co-star Meredith Baxter in 1974 and the couple welcomed three children together before they divorced in 1989. The actor was also an established theatre actor, appearing in productions at the New York Shakespeare Festival and on Broadway where he performed in Amadeus and Man and Superman. The actor also portrayed classical roles on the stage including Hamlet, Macbeth and Richard III, as well as Atticus Finch in To Kill A Mockingbird and Algernon Moncrieff in Oscar's Wilde's The Importance of Being Earnest. David continued to make appearances in a number of television roles. He went on to appear in a mini-series, titled The Adams Chronicles as John Quincy Adams, as well as the TV adaptation of Serpico where he took on the lead role previously portrayed by Al Pacino in the 1973 film. The actor also appeared in one season as Dr Ben Samuels in the early 1980s and the passionate stage performer also appeared in guest roles on other big shows including Murder She Wrote, The Love Boat, The Twilight Zone and Hawaii Five-O. His last TV credit came from a guest appearance back in 2007 in Without a Trace - a TV series which follows the special FBI Missing Persons Squad.