Online garden retailer Primrose has shared which air purifying plants can help to alleviate allergy symptoms. Research from Primrose revealed that while plants are the cause of hayfever, some houseplants can help reduce symptoms. NASA's Clean Air Study has proven that plant-filtered indoor spaces can have up to 60 percent fewer airborne microbes. These microbes include nasty critters like dust mites, and pollen that worsens hayfever allergy symptoms. Gardening expert Evie Lane from Primose has shared which five houseplants can help alleviate the symptoms of hayfever. Evie said: “Spring is an uncomfortable time for pollen sensitive people. “The key to making your home allergy friendly, both indoors and out, lies with opting for selecting non-flowering plants with low pollen. READ MORE: Oven cleaning: ‘The right technique’ to clean oven door glass properly “Hypoallergenic plants won’t actually cure allergies, but rather increase the quality of your indoor environment, helping you enjoy nature without the uncomfortable symptoms.” Five houseplants that can reduce hayfever symptoms: The Areca Palm has large leaves that are great at trapping allergens. The Areca Palm is excellent for increasing the natural humidity of indoor air. DON'T MISSPaint expert: Three common decorating mistakes to avoid [INSIGHT]Grace Kelly's family home was 'inviting' like 'English pub' [UPDATE]Foxes ruining your garden? Gardening pros claim this free hack 'works' [ANALYSIS] Eucalyptus has been used to relieve respiratory problems for years. Eucalyptus oil, in particular, is used as an ingredient to help open nasal passages. Putting sprigs of eucalyptus in the bathroom can help relieve hayfever symptoms. Running hot water for a shower or bath will allow the steam to release oils into the air to clean blocked sinuses. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Aloe Vera produces oxygen at night instead of during the day and improves the overall air quality in the home. This makes the plant a great option for hayfever options who are looking to get a good night’s sleep. Some allergic reactions can manifest in the form or itching or skin irritation. The gel found inside the aloe vera plant can be used to soothe itching and sore spots.  Dracaena plants have been named one of the most effective plants for removing allergens and gases that exacerbate allergies from indoor air. NASA’s Clean Air Study claimed the plant removes benzene, formaldehyde and trichloroethylene from the air while also absorbing carbon monoxide. It can also trap allergens within its leaves. Devil’s Ivy is a great hanging plant that adds colour and drama to a room. The low maintenance plant helps to remove harmful toxins from the air, including allergens.