The Chancellor announced a package of financial measures to help Britons pay for soaring energy bills on Thursday. Some eight million people on the lowest incomes will receive a one-off grant of £650 while people on disability benefits paid by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) will receive £150. Britons who rely on Personal Independence Payments (PIP) and other disability benefits will receive £150 to help them meet the cost of living. The news was announced by the Chancellor last week to help disabled people who often have higher living costs because of their condition. Mr Sunak said: "Disabled people also face extra costs in their day-to-day lives, like having energy-intensive equipment around the home or workplace. “So to help the six million people who receive non-means-tested disability benefits we will send them, from September, an extra one-off disability cost-of-living payment worth £150.” READ MORE: Millions of pensioners missing out on £150 council tax rebate Disabled people who also rely on means-tested benefits like Universal Credit should receive a total of £800. The Chancellor explained: "Many disabled people will also receive the payment of £650 I've already announced, taking their total cost of living payments to £800." Meanwhile, Britons are being reminded to check their benefits entitlement as £15billion is lost in unclaimed benefits every year. Simon Gray, managing director of HUB Financial Solutions, said: “With energy and food costs rising, it is important for people struggling for income, take up their benefits entitlement." DON'T MISS State pension payments set to change next month [UPDATE]Millions of households unable to claim £150 council tax rebate [WARNING]Energy bills: Will all pensioners get £300? [INSIGHT] Mr Gray continued: “State pensioners received a 3.1 percent rise in April but the Consumer Prices Index rose seven percent over the year to the end of March and many – including the Office for Budget Responsibility, the government’s own fiscal watchdog – are expecting further cost increases. “Benefits are made available to help people in a wide range of circumstances, whether they are struggling for income, having to care for a relative, have an illness or disability, or are entitled to a reduction in council tax.” It's not just PIP that Britons are missing out on. Millions of people could be entitled to one of six benefits designed to support disabled people. The six DWP state benefits people can claim are:  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea These benefits often act as gateway benefits to other financial support like a reduction in council tax. Those on the lowest incomes also qualify for help towards energy bills during the cold winter months. This financial assistance could be worth thousands of pounds. To check one’s benefit entitlement people can go to Gov.uk or ask Citizen’s Advice or Scope for help.