Finnish President, Sauli Niinisto, said on Sunday that Helsinki will prepare an application for membership. Sweden will also formally apply for membership of the alliance, Prime Minister Magdalena Andersson confirmed on Monday.  But approval for new members needs to be unanimous among the 30 states, and Turkish leader Erdogan has restated his opportunity to the two Scandinavian countries joining NATO ranks. Calling the two countries a “hatchery” for terrorist organisations, Erdogan’s refusal to consent to their membership is linked to what Ankara sees as the countries’ hosting of those it deems terrorists. With this term, Turkey refers to the Kurdistan Workers Party, and those who follow Fethullah Gulen. Ankara blames this group for an attempted coup in 2016.   Erdogan said during a news conference: "Neither of these countries have a clear, open attitude towards terrorist organisations." He added: "How can we trust them?" He then said NATO would then become “a place where representatives of terrorist organisations are concentrated” if the alliance assented to Sweden and Finland joining. President Erdogan added that the two nations should not bother sending representatives to Ankara on a mission to win his approval. READ MORE: Putin's 'Iron Doll' claims Ukraine WAVE was Nazi salute Sweden had said they would send a delegation to Turkey to address Erdogan’s objections. But the Turkish President dismissed these plans, saying: "They are coming to Turkey on Monday. “Are they coming to convince us? Excuse me but they should not tire themselves.” Finland has been surprised by Ankara's staunch opposition, foreign minister Pekka Haavisto said on Monday, but added that Helsinki will not be "bargaining" with Mr Erdogan over its membership. DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: Truss poised to override hated deal in historic speech [LIVE] Starmer U-turn - Labour leader hints he'll quit even if not fined [REPORT] Brexit: Deborah Meaden sparks row over Boris's 'Brexit slogans' [REACTION] Ms Andersson, also speaking on Monday, said that although NATO will "strengthen Sweden", Stockholm had much to bring to NATO's advantage. She then described the readjusted world reality following Russia's invasion of Ukraine, commenting: "We are leaving one era behind us and entering a new one." The Kremlin warned of "far-reaching consequences" of the "grave mistake" NATO would be making in admitting the Scandinavian states, yet Vladimir Putin also stated that "Russia has no problem with these states".  He then said: "There is no immediate threat to Russia from an expansion of Nato to include these countries."   But this was qualified with an assurance that military expansion of NATO closer to Russia's borders in the two nations “would certainly provoke our response”. NATO Secretary-General, Jens Stoltenberg, said Finland and Sweden would be "welcomed with open arms" to the alliance, adding: "I’m confident we will be able to address the concerns Turkey has expressed in a way that doesn’t delay the membership." The move to formally launch a NATO bid signals the end of the Scandinavian countries' long-held position of military non-alignment, although Ms Andersson told Swedish lawmakers the country may be "vulnerable" while the application progresses. 