Millie Mackintosh, 32, lives with her husband and former co-star Hugo Taylor. The pair are busy raising their two daughters, Sienna, two, and Aurelia, born in November 2021. She spoke with Express.co.uk about how she juggles the mornings without losing sight of her health. Millie told Express.co.uk readers: "My mornings now really depend on how early my girls wake. "They’re usually pretty good but sometimes they wake really early. "But usually I start my day with 6am morning cuddles, a quick coffee and then straight into a workout which leaves me ravenous for breakfast." Millie has previously detailed how her workouts have changed since becoming a mum of two. The dedicated fitness fan explained how she finds time in the day to work out around parenting. READ MORE: Lose weight without dieting: Simple, easy daily techniques to slim without limiting food She said: "Working out looks a bit different with two kids, whether it’s short walks with the baby in the front pack, dancing in the kitchen or sprints up and down the stairs, a little bit of movement each day is making me feel good!" Back in April 2021, before the birth of her second daughter, she spoke about workouts with Women's Health. Millie told the mag: "I like to exercise in the morning, that's when I've got most of my energy. "I like to get it done – if I say I'm going to exercise later in the afternoon or in the evening, I'll never do it. "Either I might go for a run or I might do some strength training with my trainer." DON'T MISSCelebrity trainer claims an 'extra hour in bed' helps weight loss [DIETS] Molly-Mae Hague weight loss: Love Island star's daily meal plan [CELEB] Five rules for weight loss: Essential tips from a fitness and diet guru [FAT LOSS] Now Millie has teamed up with Kellogg's Special K for its Start Good Stay Good campaign. It aims to highlight the secret to a day of good decisions stems from getting a good start. Kellogg’s Special K is relaunching with a new improved recipe across Special K Original and Special K Red Berries. For the campaign, Millie recreated some of her favourite movie character's morning routines, including the iconic Holly Golightly's breakfast at Tiffany's. The reality TV veteran said: "Is there a better feeling than taking a moment for yourself before your day really starts? "I like my mornings to start with a yummy breakfast to set me up for the day, especially now I’m a busy mum running around after two little ones." A serving of Special K cereal is a source of vitamin B12 contributing to the reduction of tiredness and fatigue. Back in 2020, Millie discussed losing weight after the birth of her first child. She addressed the issue on her Instagram account, writing to fans: "Lots of you have been asking me about my diet/workout routine. "It is pretty simple, I set myself the task of moving more and eating better, I want to be honest the weight has not just fallen off! "I am having to work at it every day and sometimes I really don't feel like it but I am seeing results now and that is inspiring me to keep going." She showed fans she had been skipping in her kitchen to try and lose weight.