Meghan Markle was originally suggested to play Rebekah Vardy in a dramatisation of her footballer husband Jamie’s life. Piers Morgan had suggested Meghan to Rebekah, who is currently suing Coleen Rooney for libel, and she agreed the Duchess would be a great fit. Leicester City star Jamie’s rise to fame from a non-league to Premier League player was going to be the subject of a film, though it was eventually scrapped. Talk TV star Piers chatted to Rebekah about it on Good Morning Britain back in 2016. He suggested that Meghan, who met Prince Harry that year, should play her. “That would be great, wouldn’t it?” Rebekah replied. One Direction star Louis Tomlinson was rumoured to be playing Jamie, along with Zac Efron and Robert Pattinson. Meghan was best known for starring in the TV show Suits at the time, and she and the Prince would get engaged the following year. It was reported the Jamie Vardy biopic had been picked up by Oscar-winning producers Gareth-Ellis Unwin, Simon Egan and their company Bedlam Productions. The film has reportedly been canned since.  Wayne Rooney’s wife Coleen famously accused Rebekah’s account of leaking false stories about her to the press after setting up a sting operation on Instagram in 2019. Rebekah denied leaking any stories about Coleen, and sued her after claiming the accusations led to her receiving abuse online. The trial, dubbed ‘Wagatha Christie’, has been dominating headlines as Rebekah reduced the court to giggles yesterday. Coleen’s lawyer David Sherborne made a remark about Davy Jones in response to a question regarding her agent’s phone falling into the North Sea. DON'T MISS...Nick Knowles' split from Emmerdale star before meeting new girlfriend [ADMISSION]Jane Fonda, 84, shows off drastic new look while filming in Rome [PICTURES]Richard Gere, 72, not concerned about being an older dad with wife, 39 [INSIGHT] She was asked by Mr Sherborne about an article in The Sun that referenced a picture of Wayne and his children from Coleen’s private Instagram account. The court previously heard that Vardy’s agent Caroline Watt was unable to supply her messages between herself, and two reporters because her phone had “fallen into the North Sea during a boat trip”. The lawyer then asked Rebekah: “That article refers explicitly to a post on Mrs Rooney’s Instagram account doesn't it? I put it to you that that came from you through Ms Watt to Mr Boyle [reporter].” Rebekah replied: “No, absolutely not.” Mr Sherbourne continued: “The shame is, Mrs Vardy, that Mr Boyle’s Whatsapp messages with Mrs Watt, just as with Mr Halls, are lying at the bottom of the sea in Davy Jones’ locker.” Rebekah replied: “Who is Davy Jones?” This caused journalists and members of the public to chuckle. Mrs Justice Steyn, who is hearing the trial, told her: “It just means at the bottom of the sea.”