Journalist Camilla Tominey made the comments as she discussed Harry and Meghan Markle joining the Royal Family for the celebrations, which are less than two weeks away. The Sussexes' return to Britain comes amid a well-documented royal rift, with Ms Tominey claiming the Prince of Wales had been left "sad" and the Duke of Cambridge was "angry and sad". Speaking in a video for the Telegraph, the royal expert said: "I don't know what the Cambridges are thinking about them being at the Platinum Jubilee right now because we know that relations between both couples still remain quite distant. "Of course Prince Charles who the only emotions that have ever been used by him or his people about how he's reacted to things like the Oprah interview are sadness rather than anger. So dad is sad, I think brother is angry and sad. "But as was the case with Prince Philip's funeral brave faces will be put on proceedings. "The most interesting addition to the proceedings of course is Meghan because previously we've seen Harry by himself in the UK and now the Duchess is going to come back into the fold obviously the body language and the reading of it is going to be quite fascinating." Harry laid bare his rifts with his father and brother in his and Meghan's bombshell TV interview with Oprah Winfrey in March 2021. He also dodged a question over whether he missed Charles and William during an interview at the Invictus Games last month. The Sussexes confirmed earlier this month that they would attend Platinum Jubilee celebrations following intense speculation. They are bringing their children Archie and Lilibet for the first time since Megxit saw them quit royal duties and move to California in 2020. READ MORE: Meghan slammed for 'wiping Harry's face' in new California pics A spokeswoman for the couple said: "Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are excited and honoured to attend The Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations this June with their children." It is not known which elements of the four-day weekend Harry and Meghan could make an appearance. However, they will not step out on Buckingham Palace's balcony during Trooping the Colour as the Queen has limited the moment to working royals only. DON'T MISSRoyal Family LIVE: Meghan blasted for 'degrading' public' gesture [LIVE BLOG]Meghan's peck with Prince Harry shows much more 'dominant' Duchess [ANALYSIS]Kate and William 'nightmare' for Harry and Meghan [INSIGHT] The Platinum Jubilee weekend kicks off with Trooping the Colour on Thursday, June 2. Members of the Royal Family will attend a service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral on Friday, June 3. The Party at the Palace pop concert will be held at Buckingham Palace on Saturday, June 4. The celebrations will come to a close with a Jubilee Pageant on Sunday, June 5. The Queen is said to be looking forward to the commemorations in honour of her historic 70-year reign. Express.co.uk has contacted Clarence House and Kensington Palace for comment. 