In a letter released last week, Conservative chairman Oliver Dowden posted a letter to social media that accused the Labour and the Lib Dems of helping one another by standing candidates tactically. The "undemocratic" move, he claimed, would leave voters with less choice this Thursday. Mr Dowden doubled down on those claims today as he hailed "damning evidence" around the two party's candidacy choices. Recent analysis from the Democracy Club found that Labour has chosen not to stand against the Liberal Democrats in 131 council seats. The Lib Dems have stood against Sir Keir Starmer's party in nearly 100 fewer places, with candidates absent from 711 wards compared to 617 in 2018. Mr Dowden claimed the figures show evidence that the two parties were working to give one another the advantage in targeted areas. READ MORE: Plaid Cymru says Welsh independence back on agenda in local elections Speaking to the Daily Telegraph, he claimed they had agreed to a "murky backroom deal" to "stitch up certain seats". Both Sir Keir and Lib Dem leader Sir Ed Davey have rejected the claims, stating they have not and don't plan to team up. A Liberal Democrat spokesman said the party's movements amounted to "pragmatic" resource allocation, while the Labour leader told Good Morning Britain he didn't take Mr Dowden's words "very seriously". Political pacts aren't unusual before or after elections, and the Conservatives famously relied on the Liberal Democrats for power between 2010 and 2015. Targeting areas where candidates are best placed to succeed is equally commonplace, as parties need to prioritise campaign funds. Official pacts, however, are against campaigning rules in the UK. Where they exist, they are informal and carried out by voters rather than parties. Voter organised pacts can have devastating effects and helped the Liberal Democrats claim victory twice in 2021. Last year, the party snatched two constituencies - Chesham and Amersham and North Shropshire - from incumbent Conservatives. Both historic Conservative constituencies entered Lib Dem control after constituents tactically pooled their votes for the party. Labour also stood candidates in the areas, but with little chance of winning, voters flocked to Lib Dems Sarah Green and Helen Morgan. Ms Green claimed a 30-point swing, while Ms Morgan gained 37 points on the Liberal Democrats' 2019 performance. Labour saw its vote share collapse by 11 percent in Chesham and Amersham and 12 percent in North Shropshire. The figures suggest traditional Labour voters had lent their support to the candidate they believed was best placed to eject the Conservatives. Voters have come to dub the voting pattern a "progressive alliance" as they aim to disassemble the Tories' 80-seat majority. Liberal Democrat MP Layla Moran praised "grassroots tactical votes" and their importance following the Chesham and Amersham race, and they could conceivably damage the Tories on May 5.