Chelsea defender Levi Colwill has remained coy on his future despite being linked with Premier League rivals Arsenal. The highly-rated Blues ace has been excellent on loan at Huddersfield this season and will likely play in the top-flight next term, whether for his parent club or elsewhere. England U21 international Colwill has enjoyed an incredible first campaign in senior football. The 19-year-old has played 31 times for Huddersfield, who could be promoted to the Premier League if they beat Nottingham Forest in Sunday’s play-off final. Colwill has been linked with several clubs ahead of the summer transfer window. Arsenal are said to be interested, but there could be a place for the academy graduate in Thomas Tuchel’s first team. Asked specifically if he sees himself staying at Huddersfield for another season, Colwill said his priority is to learn where he stands at Chelsea. “There’s too much respect for me to close the door. We need to get promotion first, which is the only thing I’m thinking of right now,” he said ahead of the Championship play-off final. JUST IN: Tuchel's 'worst fears' at Chelsea become reality after Abramovich chat “I’m not planning for next year, all I can focus on right now is Wembley on Sunday and then the internationals after that. After when I’ve finished all of that, well that’s when I’ll start thinking about that. “For me, playing for Chelsea will always be the main aim right now because it’s my club. But if that doesn’t happen, well then I have to find other ways to progress and become the player I want to be.” GOAL reported last week that Arsenal had made contact with Chelsea over a potential move for Colwill. Scouts from Leicester City, Crystal Palace, Brighton and Southampton will apparently be in attendance at Wembley Stadium to take in the youngster’s performance against Forest. DON'T MISS...Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel 'not 100 per cent' on Conor GallagherChelsea icon Fabregas trying to thwart Liverpool with Barcelona pleaChelsea owner Roman Abramovich releases statement as sale close Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta is keen to replenish his defensive options this summer, although he is expecting loanee William Saliba to return from Marseille and make a claim to be involved next term. Chelsea head coach Tuchel could also need Colwill given the defensive reshuffle that is expected to take place at the club over the next few months. The Blues are poised to lose Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen when their contracts expire at the end of June. Rudiger will join European champions Real Madrid while partner Christensen is expected to join La Liga rivals Barcelona. That could open a spot for Colwill to compete for a place at Stamford Bridge. Last summer, Colwill said of working under Chelsea boss Tuchel: “It was a big step up from the U23s. The intensity [in training] was a joke, if I’m honest. Everyone is one or two-touch. "It looks so easy for them. Thomas Tuchel spoke to me and he was really humble, that was quite a calming feeling.”