Jupiter is due to form a semi-square to Uranus today, which might stir some feelings of restlessness and impatience within. With this in mind, try to avoid making rash decisions or random moves and instead, try to tap into Virgo energies today and focus on areas that need improvement instead. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for May 11. The Jupiter-Uranus semi-square might evoke more of a desire to grow, improve, and innovate, but it doesn’t necessarily mean you’ll be focused. Cafe Astrology said: “We could find it difficult to agree with others" or it might be "hard to find common ground." “We need to be willing to make changes in our lives now, or change will come in perhaps unwanted forms.” This planet positioning stokes more of a “rebellious” influence on our movements, but it’s important to acknowledge the points when you’re feeling most risky and think a little harder about your actions.  READ MORE: Total lunar eclipse 2022: How and when to see Super Blood Moon During this time, Cafe Astrology said it’s best to “tap into areas that may need some attention and improvement.” It continued: “We might open ourselves up to new ways of thinking, but we could also too easily avoid taking responsibility for things that truly matter.” “While watching for impractical ventures and unusual tangents with weak staying power, we should connect with our desire to innovate.” This transit is the first of three to take place throughout the year, with it next due to next take place on September 28, and once again on December 23.  With this in mind, the influence this transit bears will be one of the most influential of the year. Despite the Moon transiting in adaptable, helpful, and meticulous Virgo once again, Mars and Neptune transiting in dreamy Pisces might influence a slight struggle in remaining focused today. Vine Astrology said: “The bold, direct energy of Mars and the ethereal, dreamy energy of Pisces are so very contradictory to one another, that when Mars is travelling through this sign, he really seems to have no other choice but to slow down to try to gather his bearings.” DON'T MISS: How to keep foxes, badgers and cats out of your garden [EXPLAINED]‘Surprisingly effective’ way to banish weeds at ‘zero cost’ [INSIGHT]Bad energy at home: How to cleanse your home of bad vibes [ANALYSIS]     Neptune is ruled by Pisces, so with this planet most at home during these transits, Mars’ usual brash energy naturally mellows completely. You might feel slightly less motivated and inclined to go after your goals and instead, feel more motivated to pursue emotional drives. Don’t let today’s lack of motivation get you down as it’ll soon pass. Instead, enjoy the peace and stillness this cycle brings today. 