Jean Slater (played by Gillian Wright) left hospital after being sectioned when her daughter Stacey (Lacey Turner) became concerned for her welfare. However, she might soon realise it wasn't the best decision when the EastEnders favourite becomes uncharacteristically violent, harming Stacey. As Kheerat (Jaz Deol) betrays Stacey and Jean in order to protect his friend, she turns against him. When Jean finds out, could she kill Kheerat? Official BBC spoilers confirm Jean will end up hurting Stacey in upcoming episodes. Later, Stacey dismisses Jean’s worries about her injury. Seeing Jean’s concern, she is hopeful this could be the start of her mum getting better, but when Kat Slater (Jessie Wallace) sees Stacey’s wound, she questions if Jean should be in hospital. Outside, Stacey bumps into Kheerat, who picks up that something is not right with Stacey. READ MORE: Carol Kirkwood confirms engagement live on BBC Breakfast She ends up revealing what Jean did to her, which leaves Kheerat shocked. He is horrified when Stacey collapses in front of him and has to be taken to hospital. Hearing that Stacey could be developing sepsis, Kheerat becomes even more concerned. With her life at risk, he decides to tell the doctor the truth about what happened between Stacey and Jean. Martin Fowler (James Bye) arrives and he and Kheerat are relieved to learn they got to Stacey in time and stopped the infection. As she recovers, Kheerat officially asks if they can be together, but their happiness is short-lived when Stacey finds out a mental health nurse has gone to see Jean because Kheerat told the doctor what had happened. At the Slater’s, Eve Unwin (Heather Peace), Kat and Lily Slater (Lillia Turner) try and comfort Jean. She locks herself in the bathroom just as the nurse arrives. Despite being unwell, Stacey rushes home to make sure Jean is alright. DON'T MISS... Bradley Walsh astonished over 'rare' achievement on The Chase [VIDEO]Amanda Burton opens up on surprise return to Silent Witness [LATEST]The Repair Shop's Jay Blades unveils 'rule' of series 'Not allowed' [EXCLUSIVE]  She is still furious at Kheerat for breaching her trust, so Martin tries to make her see sense. Jean will be terrified about being sectioned again and may refuse to tell the truth about Stacey's injury. It's possible Kheerat will have rushed home behind Stacey to try to explain. If Jean overhears his pleas to Stacey, she may become furious to learn he was the person who reported her. Not in her right mind and becoming increasingly scared and angry, could Jean lash out at Kheerat? It's possible she will become violent again and Kheerat might end up dead. Wanting to harm him quickly and before anyone can stop her, perhaps Jean will take a sharp object from the bathroom and stab a helpless Kheerat. The Slater family may have to watch in horror as Kheerat dies in front of them while Jean is taken away. Stacey was reluctant to take Jean out of hospital, but once she saw how scared Jean was of her neighbouring patient, she felt awful.  Despite initially telling Jean the hospital was the best place for her, Stacey decided to bring Jean home. Kheerat only had Stacey's best interests at heart but the mum-of-three can only see his betrayal and this may lead to terrifying consequences. Will he be able to make a full recovery, or could Jean become a murderer as her health episode gets dangerously worse? If not, Stacey will never forgive herself for taking Jean out of hospital and becoming angry with Kheerat for telling the truth. EastEnders continues on Tuesday at 7.30pm on BBC One.