A radio caller has questioned whether the Boris Johnson Government is "facing an anti-British US administration" amid tensions between London and Washington over dealing with the Northern Ireland Brexit Protocol. LBC host Iain Dale was joined on his call-in show on Monday evening by Tory Minister Tom Pursglove who was pressed on Anglo-American relations in the wake of top Democrat Nancy Pelosi's recent threat to pull a Brexit trade deal if the UK makes unilateral changes to the Northern Ireland protocol. Andrew from Halifax asked the LBC panel: "Well with the arrival of several US Irish-American politicians, several of whom have very comfortable relations with Sinn Fein and all who appear to be utterly tone-deaf to unionist concerns about the Northern Ireland protocol. "Does the panel think that we are now facing the most anti-British US administration in a very long time?" Mr Dale replied: "Not sure is this anti-British is the James Madison administration in 1812 When the White House was burned down by us, but there we go." Mr Pursglove added: "I sort of have the same initial thought to that as you but what I would say is, of course, the British government has to work with whoever is in the White House. The United States is one of our most important allies in the world. Our economies are intertwined, we clearly have joint responsibilities around the world. "And of course, our collaboration and the strength of our alliances has been absolutely crucial over many years in achieving better outcomes in the world." The Tory Minister continued: "This issue of the protocol, however, is one that we believe as a British government needs attention.  "We do think that this has been interpreted disproportionately relative to what was intended when this was agreed. "We hope that through a negotiated solution with the European Union, we can address those concerns, which we think will be beneficial to the people of Northern Ireland in resolving that It comes following a warning from Ms Pelosi that congress will not support a free trade agreement with the UK if the Government persists with "deeply concerning" plans to "unilaterally discard" the Northern Ireland Protocol. The Foreign Secretary has said she discussed the UK's "cast-iron commitment" to the Good Friday Agreement during a meeting with US politicians. DON'T MISSRussia tank flees as Ukrainian forces give chase in gripping footage [INSIGHT]Russian diplomat 'resigns' over Putin's war [ANALYSIS]Morgan Freeman banned from Russia along with nearly 1,000 Americans [INSIGHT]  Liz Truss said it was "great" welcoming a bipartisan US congressional delegation led by top Democrat Richard Neal, with topics of conversation ranging from the peace treaty to "the importance of free trade" and Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Ms Truss said of her meeting: "Great welcoming RepRichardNeal WaysMeansCmte with members of US Congress today ... We discussed our cast-iron commitment to the Belfast (Good Friday) Agreement, the importance of free trade, and our condemnation of Russia's illegal invasion of Ukraine." It comes amid heightened tensions over the post-Brexit deal on Northern Ireland. Mr Neal, the head of the powerful ways and means committee in the US house of representatives, also spoke with International Trade Secretary Anne-Marie Trevelyan and Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer on Saturday.