It has been a source of division and distraction resulting in the burning issues closer to home being, at best, handled poorly and at worst being ignored entirely. In the context of Stormont, the cloud of the Protocol has created an extra dimension of frustration. All 90 Members of the Legislative Assembly (MLAs) have their own ideas and desires for how it should operate but as the Protocol is not a devolved matter much of this energy expended merely amounts to shouting into the void. As the negotiations between the UK and the EU have dragged on much longer than anyone would have anticipated, the disparate febrile fervour for the subject has caused local politicians to almost retreat into their own worlds. This was highlighted by Lord Frost in a speech at the Policy Exchange think tank where he remarked that “discourse about the Protocol has become disconnected from reality”. This does Northern Ireland no favours. We have a string of deep-seated problems, some are a legacy of our past but increasingly they are problems that have arisen over the past 20 years of peace and have their roots in dreadful governance or lack thereof. It is often forgotten that the Northern Ireland Assembly has been suspended for a third of its existence due to various Unionist and Nationalist boycotts. The most recent suspension of Stormont from 2017 to 2020 resulted in public services (that were already in poor shape) deteriorating at an astonishing rate. Between 2017 and 2019 the proportion of people waiting more than 12 months for a hospital appointment doubled from 20 percent to 40 percent with the pandemic causing them to climb further to 60 percent in 2021.To tackle this (and other similarly pressing issues) Northern Ireland will need an extremely focussed government. But right now the spectre of the Protocol threatens the very existence of a government at all. Recent legislation passed by Westminster does allow the Assembly to continue to sit and pass laws and for Ministers to remain in post in the absence of a First Minister and Deputy First Minister. However, without a constituted executive the strategic long term decisions vital to Northern Ireland's future can’t even be discussed.Fortunately, the voters are wise to this and generally get the limits of what the Assembly can do and indeed what needs to be done. They want the Health Service fixed, they want action on the dual cost of living and housing crises and this is starting to filter through to the political class who seem generally to have inhabited a different universe. At the Northern Ireland Conservatives, we were acutely aware of this and focussed our campaign on everyday issues. We initially received criticism for this from other Unionist politicians but our position was vindicated by my conversations on the doorsteps. Of all the people I’ve talked to, the Protocol has been raised less than 10 times. Other parties have since followed our lead and now everyone in this election, even the DUP, are talking primarily about bread and butter issues. That may not sound strange but all previous elections have been framed through the zero-sum Unionist/Nationalist dichotomy. Even our Council Elections are pitched as the opportunity to “Save The Union” or to get a “United Ireland Now”. This new found focus on the day to day governance, forced by the voters, is welcome and I think increases the chances of us having a government after May 5. However, the issue of the Protocol will still remain. More worryingly, Europe Minister James Cleverly revealed at the Commons European Scrutiny Committee this month that the negotiations “have come to something of an impasse”. Northern Ireland politicians thrive on excuses not to do their jobs and progress has been often made when Westminster blows their excuses out from under them. With that in mind should the Protocol prove an obstacle to a new Stormont Executive being formed then it is imperative that the UK Government exercises our Article 16 rights to act unilaterally, legislating for it if necessary. There is finally a debate happening about how to tackle our everyday problems in Northern Ireland. We can't let an increasingly defunct and moribund treaty cause them to fester further.