Everton manager Frank Lampard is plotting to raid former club Chelsea for young defensive stalwart Levi Colwill. The 19-year-old central defender has enjoyed an outstanding season on loan at Huddersfield, providing the defensive fortifications which has seen them reach the Championship play-off finals. Colwill has made 29 appearances for the Terriers, scoring two goals and contributing one assist from the centre of defence. He will likely be at the heart of Carlos Corberan’s defence when they take on Nottingham Forrest for that elusive final Premier League place at Wembley. As well as Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel, Lampard will likely be keeping a close eye on the events under the arch. Colwill has been tipped to play a key role at Stamford Bridge next season, with Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen exp[ected to depart for Real Madrid and Barcelona respectively. Cesar Azpilicueta and Marcos Alonso have also been linked with a move to the Catalans, meaning Tuchel could be left with Thiago Silva and Trevoh Chalobah as his only recognised central defenders. And he could be left to rue the exit of Colwill, as Lampard is reportedly eying a move for the 19-year-old previously dubbed as ‘the next John Terry’. READ MORE: Everton could face Premier League investigation as Leeds and Burnley raise FFP concerns Reports from the Sun understand Lampard is a huge admirer of the Chelsea academy star. Everton scouts are also believed to have monitored and watched the progress of the classy defender who has been one of the best defenders in the Championship. It is also understood that Lampard could look for a loan agreement to give Colwill some much needed first team experience in the Premier League. His successful spell at Huddersfield remains his only real experience of first team football as he has largely been confined to the west Londoners’ U23s squad. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'have three signings on table' as Erik ten Hag transfer budget revealedNottingham Forest fan Robert Biggs jailed for 24 weeks for Billy Sharp headbuttGabriel Jesus 'decides stance' on Arsenal transfer without Champions League football But while the allure of Premier League football would be of interest, Colwill has already expressed his intention to force his way into Tuchel’s backline. "Leaving on loan can be a path (to the Chelsea first team) but it’s on me to perform,” Colwill said to Football.London in December 2021. “If I keep working hard, anything can happen in life. I just take it day by day." “It was a risk but Huddersfield showed trust in me. I spoke with the club and about how they play and I felt it would really suit me. I thought I’d enjoy playing football here and I have.” Lampard has previously loaned players from Chelsea, having taken Mason Mount and Fikayo Tomori in his one and only season at Derby County. Both players proved to be a huge success, and have gone on to entrench themselves at the Blues and AC Milan respectively. Moreover, Everton’s poor defensive performances this season could also prompt a move for Colwill. Only Southampton, Watford, Leeds United, and Norwich City have conceded more than the Toffees this season.