Prince Albert's wife spoke in a new interview about her return to royal duties after a long absence from the public eye sparked by her health. And she hit out at speculation regarding problems within her marriage that arose over the past year. Speaking to French newspaper Nice Matin, the princess was asked how does she feel about the rumours. She replied: "You want to talk about divorce rumours or my new home in Switzerland... I still find it regrettable that certain media peddle such rumours about my life, my relationship. "Live everyone else, we are human beings and like all human beings we have emotions, weaknesses, only our family is exposed to the media and the slightest weakness is relayed." Prince Albert, head of the House of Grimaldi, has rubbished claims of marital issues multiple times over the past year. Charlene added she has discussed these "malicious articles" with Albert. She said her husband "supported me enormously" and he did "everything to protect me and our children". In July last year, when she was stuck in South Africa due to a severe ENT infection, the former Olympic swimmer described Prince Albert as her rock. Speaking to South Africa’s Channel24, Charlene said she was missing her family "dearly". READ MORE: Harry and Meghan set for enormous £18M funding windfall She added: "What has been extremely difficult for me was when I was instructed by my medical team that I could not return home for my 10th wedding anniversary. "Albert is my rock and strength and without his love and support I would not have been able to get through this painful time." Princess Charlene had travelled to South Africa last May, where she was meant to remain for less than a fortnight to carry out conservation work with her foundation. However, she was left unable to return for several months while her doctors tackled her infection with medical procedures and surgery. During these months, Charlene was visited twice by her husband Albert and twin children Princess Gabriella and Prince Jacques. She was eventually given the green light to fly back to Monaco in November - but the return didn't immediately bring her back into the spotlight. In mid-November, after it was announced she would not take part in the National Day celebrations - one of the most important days in the principality's calendar - Prince Albert revealed his wife had decided to be admitted to a treatment facility outside of Monaco to treat her profound exhaustion, "both emotional and physical". Speaking to People magazine, the head of the principality said about rumours of marital issues: "I'm probably going to say this several times, but this has nothing to do with our relationship. "I want to make that very clear. "These are not problems within our relationship; not with the relationship between a husband and wife. It's of a different nature." Charlene was discharged by the treatment facility in March. In late April, she made her first public appearance alongside her family, when the Monegasque royals attended the Montecarlo E-Prix. A few days later, Charlene, Albert and their children stepped out again together in public to attend a rugby tournament. Earlier this week, Charlene and Gabriella attended for the first time an engagement alone, as they headed to the Fashion Awards Ceremony taking place during the Montecarlo Fashion Week - of which the princess is the patron. Prior to their outing, Charlene shared an adorable snap on Instagram showing herself cuddling Gabriella. The caption read: "I loved every moment preparing my Princess for her first official event. "We’re looking forward to a great evening at the fashion awards."