Lilly Becker has admitted telling her son that his dad Boris Becker is in jail is the “worst thing” she has ever done. Grand Slam champion Boris has been jailed for two and a half years after been found guilty of hiding assets and debts worth more than £2.5 million after being declared bankrupt. In an emotional interview, his estranged wife relived the “worst” moment she had to break the news to their 12-year-old son Amadeus. “Telling our son his daddy was in jail is the worst thing I’ve ever had to do," she explained. “My instinct was to say it is as it is, ‘Your father is in jail. He has f***** up.’ But you can’t say that to a 12-year-old child, can you? “Not when you are the mother, the Tiger Mother whose job on this earth is to protect that child," she told Daily Mail. READ MORE:Laura Hamilton taking break from A Place in the Sun amid ITV news The Dutch model said the sentence come as a “shock” to everyone and she immediately sought advice from her friend, who teaches in a nursery, on how to gently tell her son “in a way that wasn’t too brutal for him”. She added: “We told him in his playroom, where he feels safe. It was one of the worst things I’ve ever had to do. "I will never forget looking into his blue eyes — as blue as Boris’ — and watching them just go from left to right and back again. “He was flabbergasted. He just couldn’t get a grip on it.” But the mum said her son Amadeus is “doing better” now. She explained her son has been asking questions about his dad, including “what will Papa be eating?” and “will he be able to watch films?” Becker and Lilly were married in 2009 but they separated in 2018 after nine years of marriage. The 54-year-old six-time Grand Slam champion was found guilty of four charges under the Insolvency Act. DONT MISS:Strictly’s Dianne Buswell on ‘life-changing’ Freeze The Fear stint (PHOTOS)'Do his head in!' Liam Gallagher teases Noel after forgetting birthday (NEWS)Jennifer Aniston gives rare insight into Brad Pitt divorce (LATEST) The case centred on Becker's bankruptcy in June 2017 resulting from an unpaid loan of more than £3m on his luxury estate in Mallorca, Spain. Judge Deborah Taylor said he had shown no remorse or acceptance of guilt. Referring to Becker's previous conviction for tax evasion in Germany in 2002, she told the former world number one: "You did not heed the warning you were given and the chance you were given by the suspended sentence and that is a significant aggravating factor... "You have... sought to distance yourself from your offending and your bankruptcy. "While I accept your humiliation as part of the proceedings, there has been no humility." Becker was legally obliged to disclose all of his assets so that his trustee could distribute available funds to his creditors, to whom he owed nearly £50m when he was declared bankrupt. But earlier this month, after about two weeks of hearing evidence, Southwark Crown Court jurors found Becker guilty of removal of property, two counts of failing to disclose estate and concealing debt. They acquitted him on a further 20 charges, including nine counts of failing to hand over his tennis trophies and medals, including two from Wimbledon.