Paris Saint-Germain striker Kylian Mbappe has been spotted in Madrid, leading many to believe his move to Real Madrid is edging closer. There has been constant speculation over the forward's future, but the Frenchman has only fuelled the speculation. Mbappe’s contract with PSG expires in two months, though an offer is on the table for him to remain with the Ligue 1 outfit. However, Los Blancos’ interest in the 23-year-old is no secret. Madrid were keen to sign the former Monaco star last summer but saw two bids rejected, and this summer provides them with an opportunity to acquire the services of the Ballon d’Or winner in waiting on a free transfer. And Mbappe has now been spotted coming out of a restaurant in Madrid, suggesting the move is closer than many expected. The striker was captured in a car with Achraf Hakimi, who came through the Madrid academy but is now Mbappe’s teammate at PSG. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Mbappe has scored 167 goals in 214 appearances for PSG, and his electric pace and clinical edge in front of goal mean that he is already being involved in the conversation about being one of the best players in the world. The France international would form a formidable front three alongside Karim Benzema and Vinicius Jr at the Santiago Bernabeu, an attack more than capable of retaining the La Liga title next season. Madrid have also been linked with Borussia Dortmund star Erling Haaland previously, but he is set to join Manchester City instead. The Norwegian is reportedly in the final stages of agreeing to his move to the Etihad Stadium, which should prompt Madrid’s pursuit of Mbappe to become relentless. Chelsea's new owners tipped to do three things completely different to Roman Abramovich [QUOTES]Darwin Nunez sends Liverpool fans wild with social media activity - 'In the bag'[SOCIAL]Ten Hag may copy controversial Van Gaal transfer call at Man Utd straight away[TRANSFERS]  Haaland and Mbappe are viewed as the successors for Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo as being the two best players in the world, but Barcelona defender Gerard Pique has struggled to pick which one of the pair is better. Speaking on The Overlap, the Spaniard said:” They are two of the best players right now. "They are very young and they both have the potential for the Ballon d’Or for sure. I think Haaland is more a pure striker, very strong and scores a lot of goals. Mbappe is a more complete player - can play as a winger or striker. I didn’t have the opportunity to play against Haaland, I played against Mbappe. It's difficult to choose." If Mbappe decides to make his move to Madrid then he will have the chance to remind his quality on several occasions over the course of next season.