“Most headaches are not serious and will go away on their own,” Boots Chief Pharmacist Marc Donovan told Express.co.uk. “They can often last between 30 minutes and several hours and can be treated at home.” But sometimes there’s more behind a headache than it seems, the expert warned. Meningitis is one of the underlying conditions that could present with a headache. If you’re not aware, meningitis describes an infection of the protective membranes that surround your brain and spinal cord - also known as meninges. While meningitis can target anyone, it most commonly occurs in children and young adults, the NHS explains. Perhaps the scariest part of this condition is the need to act urgently as meningitis can be “very serious if not treated quickly”. READ MORE: Supplements warning: Calcium could increase heart attack risk - take with 'caution' Mr Donovan explained that if you have the condition, your headache will be accompanied by other signs, ringing the alarm bells. He said: “If your headache is extremely painful accompanied with loss of vision, feeling drowsy or confused, sudden problems speaking or remembering things, a very high temperature and symptom of meningitis or the white part of the eye is red, you should call 999 or go to A&E immediately.” It’s important to act fast as meningitis can even become “life-threatening”.  This happens when the infection triggers blood poisoning (septicaemia), which can result in permanent damage to your brain or nerves. Fortunately, you can get vaccinated against the infection, which can offer a certain level of protection. Apart from the warning signs that the pharmacist listed, the NHS adds these symptoms: When it comes to the rash, the tell-tale sign of a meningitis rash is its inability to fade. The health service recommends a test where you get a glass and roll it over the rash. If the rash doesn’t fade, it could be indicating the infection. However, they also note that sometimes rash doesn’t appear. Once the person is infected with meningitis, they will usually need to have tests done in a hospital, where they might also need to stay for treatment. Depending on whether your meningitis is bacterial or viral, your doctor will choose the best course of treatment. From antibiotics to steroid medication, there are different medicines and practices available to target the symptoms. You might need to stay in hospital for a couple of days but certain treatments might be needed for longer. In the case of mild meningitis that can be treated at home, measures that can help include: