Frustrated travellers have taken to social media site Twitter to complain of mile-long queues which have "ruined" their holidays. Pictures show people queuing for flights in Manchester Airport and Bristol Airport.  Traveller Michael Hough described the "absolute chaos" writing: "#manchesterairport daughter, neice and nephew all flying out this morning. 3 and a quarter hour queue. And still had to be pulled out of the line, to get the flight. "Absolute chaos. Get your act together. Ruining holidays.!!!!" Neil Lancaster posted: "I dislike queuing.Anxious these days when lots of people are congregating.Major leadership failings at #manchesterairport. 3-4 hours queue for #easyjet" Adam Thomas said: "4 hours waiting for luggage to come through at arrivals at Manchester Airport. #manchesterairport" Martin Daniels said: "I don’t think I’m going to make this flight #manchesterairport" One holidaymaker described it as "hell on earth".  READ MORE: ‘Be warned’ Common holiday scams targeting tourists Mhari Oakes posted: "Hell on earth this morning - avoid it like the plague!!! Everyone missing flights despite getting there 3 hours before departure. Absolute and complete chaos. No check in staff." Kev Lowes said: "2 hours to get through bag drop and security at T2 ( and only because we were ushered through as it was final call for a 0650 flight ) Staff great. Organisation an absolute shambles and beyond a joke. Worst pre flight experience I have ever had." In Bristol, fuming travellers described a "shambles" and queuing outisde the terminal building.  DON'T MISS Bizarre clip captures man WALKING down dual-carriageway with suitcases [VIDEO]Airport queues: Why passengers are ‘more likely to be stopped [EXPLAINER]’Elderly couple 'abandoned' for hours after landing at Manchester [INSIGHT] Traveller James d'A posted: "04.20am queing to get into Bristol Airport terminal." Sarah Barnes said: "#bristolairport #easyJet what a shambles! Spent the last 3 hours queuing through airport. Now sat on plane which has been delayed due to the queues !!!" Tracy Maudsley tweeted: "Just arrived in Bristol…cannot believe the queue outside the terminal building. Guess we’ll be arriving 5 hours early for our return flight on Sunday! #Chaos #bristolairport"  Ongoing disruption at UK airports has been blamed on an industry-wide problem with staffing levels following Covid and a spike in demand for travel after lockdown. Bristol Airport bosses have previously pinned the blame on staff shortages and have discussed recruitment drives.  Today, a spokeswoman said: “We are sorry some customers experienced an above average check-in this morning during peak operation (Tuesday 24 May), where there was a queue time of up to 55 minutes. Although the airport is busy, queue times at security this morning were at or below average with an average security queue time of less than 30 minutes. “We appreciate the frustration experienced by customers currently and please be reassured our teams are working exceptionally hard to assist customers throughout the airport journey. “All business partners are continuing to recruit and train new colleagues, but this takes time, with stringent security clearance required. We advise all customers to check with the airline when their check-in/ bag drop desk opens and arrive in the terminal at this time – do not arrive too early as customers will not be able to check-in.” While a Manchester Airport spokesman said it was continuing "to recover from the pandemic". He said: “We apologise to any passengers whose experience at Manchester Airport this morning was not how they would like it to be. “As we continue to recover from the pandemic, we continue to advise customers there may be some times when security queues are longer than usual, which is why we advise people to arrive three hours before their flights. “On Tuesday morning, while the vast majority of people passed through security in under 30 minutes, waiting times peaked at around one hour in one of our terminals for a brief period of time, and we are sorry for any inconvenience caused. By 7am, security queues in all three terminals had improved significantly, and were as low as 15 minutes in the best case. “We are also aware some passengers reported delays when checking in with their airline, and collecting baggage on their return. All parts of the aviation sector are experiencing challenges linked to the rapid recovery from the pandemic and we are working hard with all our partners, including handling agents, airlines and others to deliver the best possible service we can in the circumstances.”