Following the conclusions of the Metropolitan Police and Sue Gray’s investigations into lockdown rule-breaking at Number 10, Bow Group Chairman Ben Harris-Quinney told Express.co.uk it was the Conservative Party’s “failure to deliver on what patriotic Brexit voters wanted” that was bringing it down in the polls, not "Partygate". This, he said, had helped Labour “move ahead”, though not because Tory voters will start voting red in key election battlegrounds. Instead, this, Mr Harris-Quinney noted, would be a result of many more, newly-disenfranchised Britons not voting at all. Express.co.uk readers have now drawn attention to the reasons behind Labour’s struggles to win votes from the Tories (especially those of patriotic, small-c conservative, pro-Brexit Britons). Pia333 suggested this was down to a lack of a clear agenda from Sir Keir’s party, asking: “What on earth has Labour to offer?” Those who thought they did understand what the party stands for were even less enthusiastic about a Sir Keir Starmer Government. SanjayP wrote: “Rejoiner Starmer and the Labour Party are not an option. They would sell the UK out to the EU in a flash.” Bladerunner agreed, noting: “The only policy Labour's got is ‘Remoan’. “They're not going to get into power with that.” MalthusVIII added more simply that Labour appears to position itself under the EU flag. READ MORE: Boris eviscerated for failing Britons as Labour storm ahead Sir Keir has made efforts to rebrand his party’s stance of Britain having left the EU, insisting a government under his watch would seek only to “make Brexit work”. He has stressed there is “no case for rejoining” and that even a return to the Single Market of Customs Union is off the table. But many voters appear unconvinced by the changing rhetoric and perhaps remember too well the days when Sir Keir was working to get the UK back into the Brussels bloc. DON'T MISS: Hated Brexit deal ‘could shatter UK’ [OPINION] Farage blasts those blaming conflict in Ukraine for inflation [NEWS] Britons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ [OPINION] Katt23 wrote: “The bottom line is that Labour are still a very unattractive alternative and unlikely to win a general election.” Other readers also expressed their frustration with the Conservative Party’s handling of Brexit and of other issues relating to economics and the nation. ChelseaChampions stressed: “All the Government seems to offer is Corbyn economics. “It is more left wing than the Labour Party with its out-of-control spending and taxes at a 70 year high. And all it can come up with for Brexit opportunities is a return to imperial measures.” Tommy Boyde added that “Johnson should be removed”. He wrote: “There can be no doubt that he has failed to implement his manifesto pledges on fishing, immigration, Northern Ireland and continues to appease the EU whilst acting the BIG shot ‘leader’ of Europe when it comes to Ukraine. “He also needs to stop this gender/diversity nonsense that is dividing the country by a minority of bigots who believe THEY are the Government.”