The Royal Family have roughly 26 residences in the UK spread across the entire family. The Queen now stays permanently at Windsor Castle, despite living in Buckingham Palace for the majority of the last seven decades. Kate Middleton and Prince William spend most of their time in Kensington Palace in London.  To celebrate the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, the unique colour palettes of the world’s most famous royal palaces have been revealed in a stunning new set of images. Designers at the renovation and building design specialist Roofing Megastore identified 10 key colours and shades from these royal palace’s interiors to create the royal colour palette series.  READ MORE: Zara and Mike 'did a great job' inside their first home in Cheltenham  The colour palettes reveal the key colours from some of the palace's most iconic interiors, whilst also highlighting the surprising softer shades that help to complement the bolder colours on show. By combining the annual Google search volume for each palace over the past year, with the total number of Instagram hashtags, the researchers created an overall popularity score for these royal palaces. Out of the UK palaces that feature in the top 10, Buckingham Palace takes the top spot as the world’s most popular royal palace, followed by Windsor Castle in second place, and Kensington Palace in third.  Since the coronavirus pandemic began, the Queen has lived at Windsor Castle and reportedly wants to stay there permanently from now on. The expert continued: “Inside the extravagant Green Drawing Room at Windsor Castle, there’s an explosion of glorious gold, complemented by a variety of sumptuous green tones – from a bright emerald green on the chairs to a dark racing green on the walls. “Famously, this exquisite room was the backdrop for Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor’s christening photos and the décor is the mastermind of George IV who apparently took a personal interest in the decoration of the castle’s rooms.”  Princess Diana famously occupied Apartments Eight and Nine, however her eldest son Prince William now lives in Apartment 1A with his family. The spokesperson added: “Kensington Palace was famously home to Princess Diana, and now Prince William and Kate live there and have reportedly spent £12million on refurbishing their apartment in the palace. “Inside the Cupola Room in Kensington Palace, we’re treated to a more subtle palette with delicate blue-greys from the marble that punctuates the room, alongside a smattering of proud gold accents – with different shades seen on the statues, the chandeliers and the ceiling.”  The Queen and the late Prince Philip lived in Buckingham Palace as the official home of the British monarch. What is the world’s most popular royal palace like inside? A spokesperson from Roofing Megastore told Express.co.uk: “Perhaps one of the most classically royal colour schemes, Buckingham Palace’s Grand Ballroom is a celebration of deep reds and vibrant golds. “It’s the largest of the state rooms at Buckingham Palace, and today, the impressive room is used for official functions including state banquets. “The ivory walls offset the bold colours, and the opulent orangery gold colours can be seen in a variety of shades. “Alongside the luxurious rich hues, there’s also just a nudge of a beautiful muted grey-blue in the incredible painting hanging centrally on the main wall which contrasts beautifully with the commanding red tones.” 