During season one of Vera, Riley Jones made his debut as a uniformed police officer called Mark Edwards. He also made a brief return to the ITV series as a PC when he filmed a scene with leading lady Brenda Blethyn. Series 11 of the hit drama was put on hold due to the pandemic, meaning bosses had to spread out when the six episodes would air. The first four instalments have been shown, however, fans are also still waiting for the final two episodes of series 11 to air. Despite the setback, Brenda and the rest of the cast have been spotted filming for series 12 in Newcastle. It is unclear when the episodes will be broadcast, however, the actor who plays Mark Edwards has given his Twitter followers an update on the upcoming series. The star also reflected on how lucky he is to have a job he enjoys so much as he admitted, "life can be really hard". READ MORE: Stranger Things season 4 release time: What time is it on Netflix? Sharing a picture of a police car from the Vera set, the actor began: "That’s a wrap on another brilliant Ep of #Vera." "Sitting on the train back to London thinking how lucky I am to work on such an amazing show with some of the best people around! "Life can be really hard and we have to take these positives when we can. Be kind to yourself folks." Riley's followers were quick to reply to his tweet, with many thanking him for "bringing the best thing on telly". Christine Fortune penned: "And we are so lucky yo have you as a wonderful actor xxxx." Lilla replied: "Great news and fab photo. Thanks for bringing us the best thing on the telly! Take care & hope you get to enjoy some well deserved time off now." While Rachel Sanders added: "Wow, you're getting on well Riley. Excellent I can wait to see the new episode and series xx." (sic) "We absolutely do Riley. I couldn't agree more. What a smashing team of people I always think .. keep doing what you do and hope to see you again soon," Lorraine praised. DON'T MISS...BBC Breakfast's 'out of touch' Platinum Jubilee coverage sparks uproar [REACTION]Scarlette Douglas pays tribute to George Clarke ahead of new show [VIDEO]Brenda Blethyn opens up on heartbreak of marriage breakdown [INSIGHT] Riley has been in Vera since the beginning, however, the actor admitted he was taken aback when show bosses offered him a permanent role. Viewers first saw Mark as a fresh-faced uniformed officer in series one, when he was the first on the scene following a brutal murder. He was later promoted to a plain-clothed detective and is often seen in the office doing the background work for Vera and Aiden. Discussing the moment he was asked back in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Riley said: "I was very lucky. “I think it was a combination of being in the right place at the right time and just working hard and being productive. “I had that one scene and I think it was filmed at about one o'clock or two o'clock in the morning. “We finished filming the scene and I had finished and production said 'Great we'll get you home.' “It was freezing cold. It was like February or March time, and I just said, 'Do you mind if I hang around and just watch?'" Vera is expected to air on ITV later this year.