The 45th President mocked Mr Morgan while speaking to supporters at a 'Save America' rally in Greenwood, Nebraska. Mr Trump jetted off to the Cornhusker State in a bid to shore up support for candidates he has endorsed ahead of the Nebraska primary elections on May 10.     Mr Morgan, who left ITV's Good Morning Britain in March 2021, sat down with the ex-POTUS in an interview which aired on TalkTV last Monday. However, the interview appeared to fracture Mr Trump's relationship with Mr Morgan, who won the 45th President's Celebrity Apprentice show, after the TalkTV host shared footage of the ex-POTUS calling for the cameras to be turned off. The interview also got off to a bad start after the former UKIP leader and GB News host Nigel Farage handed Mr Trump a dossier which contained critical comments made by Mr Morgan about the ex-Commander-in-Chief. The feud between Mr Morgan and Mr Trump appears to have continued as the former POTUS issued a statement shortly before he took to the stage in Greenwood. He said: "Ratings for the Piers Mogan interview with me were great! "Unfortunately, after that interview, his show bombed completely because of the fake narrative he tried to portray. JUST IN: Blow to Brussels! Support for populist Italexit party reaches all-time high in recent poll "The fact is, I got a new close-up glimpse at Piers, and he no longer has what it takes. Mr Trump added: "It's over for him!" Mr Morgan had also been critical of Mr Trump during the interview after the ex-POTUS yet again peddled the unfounded claim the 2020 US Presidential Election was rigged and said he instead won by a "tremendous margin". TalkTV's star man replied by saying the poll was "free" and "fair". After taking to the stage in Nebraska, Mr Trump also said: "Did you see Piers Morgan? "He's sort of had it, I think Piers is over the hill. READ MORE: Putin humiliated again as Ukraine ambush 'forces chief commander to flee country' - VIDEO "He opened the show with an interview [with me], I did him a favour, I didn't want to do his stupid show." He went on to claim Mr Morgan's TalkTV ratings had "bombed" by as much as 70 percent since his opening day interview. Piers Morgan's show 'Uncensored' had a peak viewership of 400,000 as the Rupert Murdoch-backed channel launched on April 25. His first outing was more successful than Andrew Neil's when 336,000 tuned in for the launch of GB News last summer. However, according to the Metro, Mr Morgan's viewership fell to 216,000 on Tuesday. BARB figures for Wednesday night suggested the show suffered yet another drop as 123,000 tuned in for Mr Morgan's interview with heavyweight boxing champion Tyson Fury. The 45th President also took aim at his successor Joe Biden over immigration, the economy, coronavirus and foreign policy. DON'T MISS:Queen's Platinum Jubilee absence would 'solve the problem of Harry' [ANALYSIS]Putin's nuclear threat dismantled as Russia would be 'wiped out' [INTERVIEW]Beatrice and Eugenie shut out of roles despite brokering Harry visit [VIDEO] He even showed the crowd a clip of Mr Biden stumbling over his words and called for the current President to take a cognitive test "once and for all". A recent opinion poll conducted by Emerson College put Mr Trump one point ahead of Mr Biden. This margin could be enough for Mr Trump to flip the swing seats he lost in 2020 and pave a path back to the White House in 2024. However, the ex-POTUS also claimed 2020 was "the ultimate con" even though there is yet to be any evidence it was a fraudulent election. He even added the evidence of ballot harvesting would come out next week. Mr Trump, who delivered his speech on Sunday for almost two hours, initially called off his Nebraska rally after a National Weather Service forecast warned there was a chance of severe storms with high winds and possible tornadoes on Friday. The ex-POTUS will return to the campaign trail on May 6 when supporters in Greensburg, Pennsylvania, can see the ex-POTUS in the flesh.