WARNING: The following article contains spoilers from Stranger Things season 4. Eden may have only appeared in one episode of the latest series on Netflix but fans are desperate to know who plays the newcomer. Eden was only screen for a matter of minutes but the character’s appearance and personality have clearly made a lasting impact on those watching at home. Express.co.uk has everything you need to know. Eden is the older sister of Suzie Bingham (played by Gabriella Pizzolo) and is seen babysitting her chaotic family. She first appears when Mike Byers (Noah Schnapp), Jonathan (Charlie Heaton), Mike Wheeler (Finn Wolfhard) and Argyle (Eduardo Franco) arrive at her home looking for Suzie. As she chases her siblings around the house, she has little time for the four men and quick directs them to Suzie’s room. READ MORE: Gogglebox fans call for Giles and Mary to be cut from show While she only meets the boys for a matter of seconds, she makes a big impression on Argyle who falls head over heels for her. He states: “I will do anything for you,” while appearing to be light-headed. Suzie helps the boys to locate the Nina Project where they believe Eleven (Millie Bobby Brown) is being kept. As they go to leave the house, they find Eden and Argyle in the back of his pizza van smoking weed and listening to Pass The Dutch. Eden appeared in an all black outfit, beaded necklaces and wears her hair in loose curls. The character is played by Audrey Holcomb and appeared in the episode titled The Dive. Audrey does not have many acting credits to her name just yet but has starred in several short films. She has appeared in Musical Hearts, This Is Home, 3 Minutes and Junior Guards. DON'T MISS...'I was saved from 'street life'', says Stranger Things' David Harbour [INSIGHT]Stranger Things: Did the experiments on Eleven happen in real life? [EXCLUSIVE]Who plays Vecna in Stranger Things? [EXPLAINER] Audrey is also set to star in American Cherry as Corinna Hoffman and is set to be released next year. The actress posted a snap of herself in character on her official Instagram page sharing her excitement. “Eden #StrangerThings4 So so so excited for everyone to watch!!!” she captioned the photo. Co-star Gabriella commented: “EDEN!!!!!! my *secretly* favorite sister.” Audrey has clearly made an impact with fans as Amanda posted on Twitter: “Eden looks exactly like Allison from The Breakfast Club. You can’t tell me they didn’t do this on purpose. #80s #StrangerThings4.” “Eden from stranger things only got two minutes of screentime but that’s all she needed to win me over #StrangerThings4 #StrangerThings,” shared fan Lucy. Hugo the Pink Cat asked: “Eden in season 4 of #StrangerThings4 #StrangerThings is TOTALLY supposed to be a reference to Ally Sheedy in Breakfast Club, right?” Stranger Things seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Netflix now.