Sergio Perez hinted that he has already signed a new F1 deal with Red Bull moments after winning the Monaco Grand Prix. The Mexican was only handed a one-year deal when he joined the team ahead of last season. He was awarded another one-year contract extension and has continued to impress since his arrival. There was the potential for Max Verstappen to be handed a new team-mate for 2023 but Perez appeared to reveal his future at Red Bull after grabbing his third career win. Minutes after securing victory in the Principality, Perez grabbed Christian Horner and said: “I signed too early.” The Mexican was asked about the comment in the post-race press conference which prompted him and Verstappen to start laughing. But, he failed to confirm or deny the rumours of a new deal. In an attempt to warn off reporters, he instead claimed that he was only talking about signing the champagne bottle. He laughed: “I meant about the bottle of champagne. We'll find out.” READ MORE: Christian Horner warns Max Verstappen of Sergio Perez threat Still grinning sheepishly, Verstappen replied: “I think what you did today might help. Just a little bit.” Red Bull team principal Horner addressed Perez’s new contract directly in this weekend’s team principal press conference. He seemed to suggest a deal had yet to be agreed between the pair but claimed Perez was doing everything right to get a new extension. He explained: “He just needs to keep doing what he's doing. He's doing a great job, we're very happy with him. “He's driven extremely well, so far this year. The delta between him and Max is, as you know, diminished significantly, compared to last season. I think he's happier in the car. He's achieved that fantastic pole position already in Jeddah this year. He's driven some great races. And is a team player. I don't think there's anybody better in the pit lane. DON'T MISSFerrari accused of 'weak' appeal against Perez's Monaco GP win [INSIGHT]Ferrari protests thrown out after Verstappen and Perez summoned [ANALYSIS]Perez issues perfect response to Brundle after his Horner backing [COMMENT] “So, he's doing a great job, he needs to keep doing what he's doing and then talks should hopefully be reasonably straightforward.” A possible extension to Perez's deal is bad news for Pierre Gasly who now seems unlikely to get another shot at the top team. Gasly was demoted from Red Bull to Toro Rosso in 2019 but has starred for newly rebranded Alpha Tauri over the last two seasons. The Frenchman's Red Bull contract expires at the end of the 2023 season meaning he will be free to sign for another team. However, Red Bull chief Helmut Marko has previously warned the team were not keen on the idea of losing Gasly. He added: “If this contract expires and we can’t offer him a chance for promotion, we will most likely lose him. We don’t want that.”