Toto Wolff has defended FIA president Mohammed ben Sulayem for wanting to do more "homework" before increasing the number of sprints in F1. The format was introduced to the sport last year with three sprints held at Silverstone, Monza and Interlagos. The Saturday race proved to be a popular addition for fans and drivers also appeared to like the new format. Last year, just three points were on offer to whoever won the sprint, with second and third picking up two and one respectively. That has since been increased significantly this year with the sprint winner picking up eight points and the driver finishing eighth taking one championship point. There are still just three sprints on the 2022 calendar, with Interlagos the only track to retain the one from last year. Imola has already hosted the first sprint while the second will be held at the Red Bull Ring. F1 bosses had originally hoped to introduce six sprints for the 2022 season after several teams blocked the expansion on cost grounds. There is now seemingly a good chance of six sprints being introduced next year following a meeting last month, although Ben Sulayem made it clear the FIA were still "evaluating the impact" on what that would cause. JUST IN: Toto Wolff responds to claims Lewis Hamilton is now No 2 at Mercedes  The FIA statement read: "With the first of three sprint events of the 2022 season popular with fans and stakeholders last weekend at the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix, Formula One and the teams were supportive of an extension to six sprint events for the 2023 season, running with the same format as in 2022. While supporting the principle of an increased number of sprint events, the FIA is still evaluating the impact of this proposal on its trackside operations and personnel, and will provide its feedback to the commission." Zak Brown was one of the team bosses pushing for six sprints scheduled for this year and feels the FIA should "align" themselves more with F1. But Wolff has defended Ben Sulayem for not rushing into a final decision on next year's schedule. DON'T MISS  "I think that scrutiny needs to be given on the decisions we take," Wolff said. "For Mohammed, it was important to hear the FIA members' opinion, and he wasn't against it, he just needed more time for that decision." It does appear as though more and more team bosses are coming around to the idea of increasing the number of sprints. And Alpine CEO Laurent Rossi believes it is only a "matter of time" before it is confirmed. “It’s good that all the governing bodies are making sure they’re fully aligned – because once you get there, you cannot really pull back," he said. "So, I think it’s nice that we are working properly, we will have a bit of a debate and a bit of homework until we get to an alignment, and we just go for it.”