Chancellor Rishi Sunak has announced in Parliament an about-turn on the Government's position on a one-off tax targetting the mega-profits of British oil and gas firms. Welcoming the move, Labour Shadow Chancellor Rachel Reeves took the opportunity to mock Boris Johnson for caving over the policy and turned to address Conservative MPs directly in a direct appeal to the Prime Minister's detractors within his own party. Ms Reeves told MPs: "Every day for five months, the Prime Minister sent Conservative MPs out to attack the windfall tax and yet defends an increase in taxes on working people. "He has made them vote against it not once, not twice, but three times - and for months he has sent his MPs to defend the litany of rule-breaking in Number 10 Downing Street set out in the Sue Gray report yesterday. "Now there is a lesson here for Conservative MPs, you can't believe a word that this Prime Minister says. "And as long as he is in office he is going to continue making fools of each and everyone one of you!  "If they keep him there that is the choice that they are making." The Shadow Chancellor argued the Government had been "dragged kicking and screaming" into backing Labour's call for the levy. She said: "After today's announcement, let there be no doubt about who is winning the battle of ideas in Britain. It's the Labour Party. "Today, it feels like the Chancellor has finally realised the problems the country are facing. We first called for a windfall tax on oil and gas producers nearly five months ago to help struggling families and pensioners."  Mr Sunak told MPs that energy firms were making extraordinary profits while Britons struggled. "We will introduce a temporary and targeted energy profits levy but we have built into the new levy a new investment allowance that means companies will have a new and significant incentive to reinvest their profits," Sunak told parliament. Sunak did not refer to it as a windfall tax. He said it would raise 5 billion pounds ($6.30 billion) in the next 12 months. He also said there would be a new Investment Allowance that would nearly double the tax relief available for firms on their investments. DON'T MISS:Boris hit by attacks from INSIDE No10 - own staff turn on PM [REPORT]Boris coup: Hilarious to watch Lefties doing Tories' dirty work [REPORT]Sadiq savaged for 'intervening in police matters' after new Boris pics [REPORT] The Chancellor told MPs that the Government's cost-of-living support measures were "more generous" than those called for by Labour. Responding to Ms Reeves, Mr Sunak said "concrete information" on the autumn and winter energy price cap had allowed the Government to better "design and scale" its policies. He  added: "That is why, because we were patient, we have been able to scale our support for the problem, which means our proposals are in fact more generous than those offered by the party opposite." Mr Sunak also disagreed with Labour's calls to cut VAT on energy bills, telling MPs: "VAT is worth on average about £140 of support, our policy universally to all households in this country is worth £400. That is the reason not to do VAT. What we are doing is far more generous."