The annual headline rate of inflation is currently 7 percent. But the Bank of England has estimated that the country is heading for a rate of above 10 percent in the autumn. This is the highest rate of inflation since 1982. The BoE has also estimated the economy will contract by almost 1 percent between October and December. It has announced it will raise the interest rate to 1 percent, which is the highest level since 2009. Andrew Bailey, governor of the BoE, warned that household energy prices will rise by another 40 percent in October, despite recent jumps in cost. He said that both the Ukraine crisis and COVID developments in China have "exasperated" the situation. He said: "The main development since our last report in February has been Russia’s illegal and unprovoked invasion of Ukraine. "Global inflationary pressures have increased sharply in the build-up to and following the invasion. "This has led to a material deterioration in the outlook for growth.  "Concerns about further supply chain disruption have also risen both due to the invasion and to COVID developments, particularly in China." Reacting to the news, senior investment and markets analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, Susannah Streeter, said the UK is heading for a "pretty bleak winter of discontent", describing the inflation forecasts as "frightening". She said: "The last time rates were at 1 percent was in February 2009 as the repercussions of the global financial crisis were taking hold, and Lily Allen was at number 1 in the UK music charts with her aptly named track The Fear. "Right now that mood music is back with policymakers at the Bank of England clearly sharing fears that unless action is taken now to lower demand in the economy, inflation will spiral out of control, which could cause even more pain for the economy. "Already it’s predicting inflation will shoot up to a frightening 10 precent with a rise in the energy price cap set to cause more financial pain in the Autumn. "With more interest rate rises expected alongside elevated commodity prices that are set to squeeze consumer and company spending power, this pincer movement is expected to lead to a contraction in economic output by 0.25 precent in 2023." She added: "The stage is set for a pretty bleak winter of discontent with the economy heading into reverse and little end in sight to rising prices given the ongoing toll the war in Ukraine is having on commodity markets." Speaking about the impact of the economic situation on savers, Sarah Pennells, Consumer Finance Specialist at Royal London said they are being hit with a "double whammy". She explained: "Those who can leave their savings untouched will still lose money in real terms, despite today’s rate rise, because the return on cash held in savings is significantly below the current high level of inflation. "The rise in the cost of living, outpacing the rise in wages, is also forcing others to dip into their savings, with a quarter (24 percent) of full time workers in the UK looking to access some or all of their short term savings to help them get by day to day." Small business owners across the country have also expressed concern at the news. Jamie Rackham, founder of UK Facebook group, Not on Amazon, which has 193k members, described the situation as a "nightmare scenario" which is "crippling millions of people and small independent businesses." Zena West, a glass artist at Nottinghamshire-based West Art And Glass said she is going into "survival mode", adding that price rises are "inevitable". She added: "I am hoping I manage to weather what is looking to be a very long storm ahead. "The cost of electricity, raw materials, travel and postage costs have all gone up, as well as food, and now higher interest rates are adding to the pressure. "I’ve resisted raising my prices for now amid the cost of living crisis, but it is inevitable. "I've also had to stop investing in my business or expanding my range, as money won’t allow it. "Where is the Government support for the small businesses that are the bedrock of the economy?" Meanwhile, Seena Gosrani, owner of London-based jeweller, Bottlebee said the "walls are closing in on small businesses". She added: "Consumers understandably don't need handmade jewellery, they need heating and food." 