This came after Meghan's animated series has been axed by the streaming giant, as a result of cutbacks in the organisation. The show, called Pearl, has officially been cancelled, Deadline reported. It was due to be published as part of the couple's deal with Netflix, rumoured to be worth $150million. Hitting out at the couple's venture with Netflix, royal commentator Angela Levin said: "Not only a disaster but the fact that it was announced last July and apparently there's still nothing to show for it. "Being a royal opens every door for you but if you leave you can't just take the money you have to do some work." Since the deal was announced in September 2020, the couple is yet to release anything. But their first planned release, Heart of Invictus, is currently in the process of being made. The Duchess of Sussex was set to be an executive producer on Pearl, a feminist cartoon about a young girl learning about influential women throughout history. It was announced last Summer, with Meghan saying: "Like many girls her age, our heroine Pearl is on a journey of self-discovery as she tries to overcome life’s daily challenges. "I’m thrilled that Archewell Productions, partnered with the powerhouse platform of Netflix and these incredible producers, will together bring you this new animated series, which celebrates extraordinary women throughout history. "David Furnish and I have been eager to bring this special series to light, and I am delighted we are able to announce it today." The reported cutbacks to Netflix's output come after it was revealed that the streaming platform lost 200,000 subscribers in the first three months of the year. READ MORE: Royal LIVE: Meghan 'disappointed' after Netflix gives 'cold shoulder' This marks the first time the platform's customer base has failed to grow in ten years. Royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams said the cutbacks would be a "blow" to Sussexes. Speaking to the MailOnline, he said: "The serious financial situation for Netflix, which has seen its shares plummet and which has announced radical changes to its content, is reflected in the decision to cancel Meghan's animated TV series Pearl. "This will be a blow to the Sussexes and the question obviously is, what do Netflix want from the royal couple now? "Harry's Heart of Invictus series will be due out soon, but the circa $100million deal with a company is huge and they will need a return on their investment. DON'T MISS: Netflix should cancel deal with Meghan and Harry: 'Total waste' – POLL [POLL] Could new Netflix blow spur the Sussexes to heal royal wounds? [ANALYSIS] Royal expert exposes lesson Meghan failed to learn from Diana [REVEAL] "The company that boasted a deal with the Sussexes and the success of The Crown is now being forced to make drastic cutbacks and changes to its output. "It may well pressurise the Sussexes, who have an internationally known brand, to produce more, quickly. "Harry's military experience might be tapped - he has after all served two terms in Afghanistan. "Meghan's experience as a thespian is another possibility - this was her life before she married Harry. "It isn't possible at the moment to see how they could acquire royal programmes with input from the Sussexes."