Channel 5 series All Creatures Great and Small is based on the popular series of books by James Alfred Wight and was rebooted in 2020. The series sees Tristan Farnon (played by Callum Woodhouse) and James Herriot (Nicholas Ralph) train as vets under the watchful eye of Siegfried Farnon (Samuel West). Triston and James were originally played by Peter Davison and Christopher Timothy, and Nicholas revealed his hopes for the icons to return. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press at the BFI and Radio Times Television Festival, Nicholas excitedly shared his hopes for Christopher and Peter to return. When asked whether any of the original cast had reached out to them, Callum revealed: "I think Christopher Timothy sent Sam (West) an email. "It was after the first Christmas special saying how much he loved it, it was really sweet." Touching on their thoughts on having the legends return, Nicholas teased: "We don't know any of that, that would be down to production, but that would be amazing." READ MORE: Lucy Pargeter age: How old is Emmerdale's Chas Dingle star? The upcoming series sees the veterinarians face the looming war of 1939 and how they cope with the building responsibilities. Speaking about what fans can expect to see, Callum explained: "Speaking historically, we are entering 1939, that is the outbreak of war. "It is surrounding this tiny village and how they dealt with that and how the war affected everyday life." "And also each and every one of our characters, how it affects them in very different ways," Nicholas added. Since the reboot, the series has gained a lot of traction and stolen the hearts of its die-hard viewers. Callum and Nicholas both touched on the surprise success of the series, as Callum exclaimed: "It's about real human stories. "Obviously, it is framed in simpler times, no distractions with technology, and it really focuses on human relationships and brotherly relationships and romantic relationships. "So I don't think them things will ever go out of fashion, really." DON'T MISS...All Creatures Great and Small theory: Helen and James torn apart [INSIGHT]All Creatures Great and Small star calls out 'annoying' wedding leak [LATEST]Is Samuel West from All Creatures Great and Small an animal expert? [MORE] Nicholas continued: "Ultimately, you get to be very truthful because it is based on real people, so the relationships are three dimensional, the characters are three dimensional, I think people are really invested in their stories." At the end of season two, fans were elated when James and Helen Alderson (Rachel Shenton) got engaged and set their tails wagging for a wedding in the new series. Whilst producers wanted to keep the wedding under wraps, photos were leaked of the cast filming scenes, which seemed to point at the couple tieing the knot. During the event, Helen actress Rachel made a sly dig at the people who leaked the images and quipped: "Well, somebody kind of leaked photos of us annoyingly, so that's out, unfortunately." Executive producer Melissa Gallant tried to save the surprise for fans and teased: "It's 1939, it's the series near the war, which puts all of the characters in an interesting situation. "Mrs Hall and Siegfried have already been through a war where the other characters are too young to remember. "So just a really good opportunity to put them under pressure and explore the characters further, in light of the wedding, I can't say who is getting married..." All Creatures Great and Small is set to return to Channel 5 later this year.