“If you’re a corporate acquirer you may have to calculate your SDLT in three or four different ways to decide which is the best outcome and you might want to seek specialist advice.” Another relief is called the sub-sale relief, mainly aimed at the trade or developer flippers. David said: “If you are in the middle of a simultaneous completion chain, you shouldn’t pay SDLT because you can claim sub-sale relief. “If you only sub-sell part, you can claim the relief on the part. There’s a lot of anti-avoidance provisions surrounding it and you need to be careful to make sure you meet those conditions. Generally, it’s popular for land dealers and the land traders. “The next four reliefs are described as additional releases for residential property and they mainly apply to developers and property traders. Property traders is a defined term, meaning a company established for that purpose. “Just because you decide to trade a property, it doesn’t necessarily make you eligible for this relief, you have to become a limited company to do so. All four reliefs provide 100 percent exemption from SDLT if you are buying from the representatives of a deceased estate where they lived in that property. “You just have to satisfy yourself that your seller is qualifying. The last one, which is available to property traders and employers is relocation employment.” According to the expert, this depends on the circumstances of the seller, not the purchaser. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea David said it is “quite valuable” if you are picking up a property that is from a decedent’s estate which you’re planning to trade on after giving it an improvement. He added: “This can save you all of the SDLT. “The last two reliefs, in terms of popularity, are charities relief and housing association relief. We’re seeing a lot of work in the assisted living sector, with attempts to grow socially affordable housing. “Many of the private entities that are doing this are charities or holding on trust for charities and they are a hundred percent exempt from SDLT. “Similarly registered housing associations are also exempt and it’s important if you are one of those associations that you check your eligibility because claiming that is going to significantly cut the cost of your investment. “It will improve your ability to spend more capital on buying more affordable housing to help solve the UK’s housing prices.”