Despite not even sitting in the Old Trafford dugout yet, Erik ten Hag is already facing difficulties as Manchester United boss. Signing a striker in the summer is a ‘must’ for the Dutchman, but he already appears to have been snubbed by Lautaro Martinez. With Edinson Cavani set to leave United at the end of the season, Ten Hag may only have Cristiano Ronaldo as his only No 9 option. Marcus Rashford is also a striker option, though he is reportedly weighing up whether his future lies with the Red Devils. Tottenham’s Harry Kane and Benfica star Darwin Nunez have both been linked with moves to United, as well as Inter Milan forward Martinez. But it has been revealed that the Argentine has no intention of leaving the San Siro outfit in the summer. His agent, Alejandro Camano, recently told Football Italia: “Lautaro is very focused on the World Cup, sometimes the press publishes things about a possible transfer, but Lautaro thinks about Inter, giving joy to the Inter fans, becoming champions and then working for the World Cup. We are not expecting or looking for a transfer, he is at Inter, he is happy, the city is wonderful. We’re thinking about Inter.” However, Camano did conclude the interview with a salesman-like pitch for his client, explaining: “Lauti will give us a lot of joy in the coming years, wherever he goes he will be an entertainer. He comes from a super team like Racing, he suffered, now he is happy and he has got used to the fact that football is not always the same. Now he will be successful everywhere.” Reports speculated that United were willing to offer Inter Milan a player plus cash deal for Martinez, with out of favour forward Anthony Martial heading in the other direction. The Frenchman has rarely featured for the Red Devils over the past few seasons, and his loan move to Sevilla in January has only showcased why Ralf Rangnick deemed him surplus to requirements.  Interim manager Rangnick was not able to sign any players in the January transfer window as the higher powers at United wanted to ensure that their new manager had a big budget to work with this summer. Therefore, a marquee signing such as Kane is not out of the question. But the Red Devils need investment all over the pitch, with a winger, central midfielder and strengthening the defence all cited as priorities as well. Ten Hag is expected to dip into the Eredivisie in order to recruit some players, with Julien Timber and Tyrell Malacia targets, but also is keeping a close eye on several Premier League proven stars.