Ferrari saw their protests rejected after missing out on victory at the Monaco Grand Prix, which former Formula One world champion Damon Hill branded as “weak”. Meanwhile, he also claimed the team were “clutching at straws” with their appeal. Ferrari team principal Mattia Binotto accused race winner Sergio Perez and his Red Bull team-mate Max Verstappen of crossing the yellow line when leaving the pits in an attempt to stay ahead of Carlos Sainz and Charles Leclerc, but their protests were turned down by the stewards. Speaking to Sky Sports News, Hill explained: “There’s a yellow line on the way out and you are not supposed to go over any part of that yellow line and of course they clearly did go a little bit over, they had the left rear over slightly on the line right at the very end. “The stewards took a look at that and in the case of Sergio, I think they said that he didn’t go enough over it and the other one they kind of let go. But I think it was clutching at straws a bit to be honest but ultimately if you lose a race, appealing against someone just crossing over the tail end of a yellow line is a bit weak.” The pit exit saw Perez and Verstappen move ahead of Leclerc, as the pole leader dropped down to fourth where he finished the race. Binotto called the infringements a “clear rules breach”, and a Red Bull representative was summoned to stewards after the Grand Prix. Binotto said: "I think both Red Bulls were on the yellow line at the exit and in the past that has always been penalised with a five-second penalty.” However the protest was rejected by the Monaco stewards, and Hill believes that after the appeal was turned down and Perez’s win was confirmed, the Mexican racer may enjoy some good form. He continued: “It has made it more of a close title fight for the rest of the season. "We have had changes in form so it was unusual to see Sergio ahead of Max on the grid. Sergio likes Baku which is the next race so you might find Sergio putting on a mid-season spurt and attack on the championship.” Mick Schumacher was involved in a nasty crash in Monaco which saw his car split in half for the second time this season. He came away unscathed but Hill did explain the “alarming” incident. He said: “If you whack a Formula One car in the right place you can see it swinging around and the back of the car takes a blow laterally rather than longitudinally. So they are quite weak in that direction and sometimes they are designed to break apart, but it looks pretty alarming.”