Monkeypox has not just spread in and around the UK, it has also made its way onto mainland Europe. Countries such as Belgium, France, Germany, Italy, and Spain have all reported cases, so too have countries further away from Europe such as the United States and Australia. Such is the speed with which monkeypox has spread, the World Health Organisation has released a statement about the outbreak. They describe how monkeypox is transmitted “from one person to another by close contact with lesions, body fluids, respiratory droplets, respiratory droplets, and contaminated materials such as bedding”. READ MORE: Do you have visceral fat? The hidden risk could be revealed by the number of loo trips One important matter to note with monkeypox is this is not a virus like COVID-19, it does not spread as easily and so there will be no restrictions or lockdowns because of it. Unlike Covid, this is not the first time the UK has dealt with monkeypox. The UK first detected cases of the virus in 2018, through effective tracing these cases were prevented from spreading. The WHO added: “Further public health investigations are ongoing in non-endemic countries that have identified cases, including extensive case finding and contact tracing, laboratory investigation, clinical management, and isolation provided with supportive care.” DON'T MISS:Fatty liver: The sweetener known to cause scarring of the liver [INFORMER]Dementia: If you ‘crave’ three foods you may have dementia [INSIGHT]High blood pressure: The smell 'frequently' reported among patients [INSIGHT] Symptoms of monkeypox say the WHO, include a feeling “profound weakness”. Other symptoms of monkeypox that can occur are:• High temperature• Headache• Muscle aches• Backache• Swollen glands• Shivering• Exhaustion• A rash. The most visibly obvious sign of monkeypox is a rash, this will normally appear one to five days after the first symptoms say the NHS. They add: “The rash often begins on the face, then spreads to other parts of the body. This can include the genitals.” Unlike COVID-19, the west African variant of monkeypox spreading in the UK isn’t deadly. Most people recover within a few weeks of symptoms arising. The UK has one of the highest numbers of detected cases, with 101 confirmed cases as of the 27th May. In response to the rise, patients with monkeypox have been advised to self-isolate for 21 days as a precaution. Monkeypox patients have also been advised not to touch household pets while self-isolating as these animals could then spread the virus. Although the rise of monkeypox is unnerving, the likelihood of getting the condition is incredibly low.