Yet, thanks largely to ‘Partygate’ and our dogmatic focus on the cost-of-living crisis here in the UK, the urgency of the situation overseas remains downplayed. According to polling commissioned by Christian Aid, while 91 percent of the British public is aware of Vladimir Putin’s war, only 23 percent know about the worsening humanitarian crisis in east Africa. Yet both crises are connected. The war in Ukraine has exposed the fragility of global supply chains to sudden shocks, with serious consequences for food security. The United Nations has warned the Ukraine crisis risks tipping 1.7 billion people – one in five of us – into poverty, destitution and hunger. But why? Globally, Ukraine and Russia export 26 per cent of global wheat and 67 per cent of sunflower seed, cottonseed and safflower oil, according to the International Trade Centre. These are vitamin-rich crops critical to daily nutrition that are used in everything from bread, cooking oil and livestock feed, which are now at risk. In 2020 African countries imported nearly £4 billion worth of agricultural products from both countries. The result? Global food prices skyrocketing. Wheat prices alone, are up 59 percent since the start of the year, made worst by India suspending exports because of the alarming heatwave. Many say the impact of the ban by India, is likely to hit developing markets in Africa and the Middle East the hardest, as the developed world moved to shore up supply. So, while this is all undoubtedly affecting the average Brits weekly shop, it is the millions of people already living in food insecurity that will bear the brunt of hardship. Mothers will be forced to choose which child to feed that day, and go without food herself. Children will be removed from school to work on the land, in the hope of yielding more crops. Now don’t get me wrong, higher prices are hard to bear for anyone. The increased use of food banks here in the UK is testament to the struggles a lot of UK citizens are experiencing. Yet many countries in the world don’t have access to food banks. They don’t have any other ways of accessing food and therefore will not eat. That's why, instead of a “cost of living” crisis, for many in the developing world it’s a “cost of dying” crisis. In Uganda, bread has become almost unaffordable to an ordinary Ugandan due to the soaring prices for wheat and fuel. In Malawi, increases in the price of fertilizer has led to an increase in the price of maize grain, which is a staple food for most Malawians. What we are seeing is truly unprecedented. Rather than simply being another relief organisation, The Hunger Project believes that the sustainable end of hunger can only happen when communities who are living in poverty are empowered to become agents of their own development and change their future. That’s why our programs adapt to meet local challenges and opportunities wherever we work. We work in 13 Program Countries including nine in Africa, Bangladesh, India, Mexico and Peru. Last year, nearly 12 million village partners engaged in our programs, beginning or continuing their path to a self-reliant, hunger free future. In the last two years, The Hunger Project has trained over 150,000 people globally in food security workshops. Find out more at thehungerproject.org.uk Saturday 28th May is World Hunger Day. Stand with those living in hunger and poverty by visiting worldhungerday.org today.