In September 2020, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle disclosed their deal with Netflix. However this week, it was revealed that Netflix had cut an animation series, titled Pearl, that the Duchess was due to work on. Speaking on Royally Us, hosts Christina Garibaldi and Christine Ross discussed the axe announcement and how the Duchess would be "devastated" to see the "rug pulled out" of her Netflix passion project. Ms Ross said: "This seemed like a real passion project for Meghan so, you know, that she's just devastated. "I can imagine it was really heartbreaking for the rug to be pulled out from under this project. Ms Ross claimed that the project was "a great concept". She added: "It was [about] a young girl of colour who was learning more about strong female role models. "It was all about empowering young girls, especially women of colour and young girls of colour. READ MORE: Meghan 'stole the soundbite' off Kate in rare Fab 4 outing 'Never saw them together again' "It was a show that we really needed in that space but unfortunately, you know, it's amazing that Meghan's show, as part of this larger Netflix package, was the one that got the cut". Ms Garibaldi added that it wasn't just Meghan's show that got cut and that "there were several other projects" that it happened to as well. She added: "Maybe down the road, it'll be back but, as of right now, not so much". Ms Garibaldi stated that the show "will not air due to budget cuts". READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan 'nothing to show' as Firm 'needs to have them back' Netflix have revealed that it has had its first major drop in subscribers in a decade. The Duchess was due to be credited as creator and executive producer of Pearl. Elton John’s husband David Furnish was also going to be credited as producer of the series. DON'T MISS Meghan 'stole the soundbite' off Kate in rare Fab 4 outing [INSIGHT]Queen in 'lose-lose situation' as Harry and Meghan to steal spotlight [ANALYSIS]Princess Eugenie's podcast project questioned over Andrew's row [VIDEO] At the time of the announcement, Meghan released a statement where she described the story [of Pearl] as “a journey of self-discovery” that “celebrates extraordinary women throughout history”. She added that “David Furnish and I have been eager to bring this special series to light”. This is believed to be not uncommon for development, and Netflix recently decided not to move forward with several other animated series.