Actor and former Strictly Come Dancing finalist Joe Sugg has spoken out about the 20th series of the competition landing on BBC One later this year. The YouTube sensation, who is in a relationship with Strictly professional dancer Dianne Buswell, recently opened up to Express.co.uk about the "excitement" surrounding the milestone series.  The 30-year-old, who is the voice of a history-based YouTube series called Corpse Talks, recently spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about his latest project as well as his and Dianne's thoughts about all things Strictly Come Dancing. Many Strictly fans will remember Joe was the runner-up in the 2018 series of the BBC ballroom competition with his Australian dance partner Dianne. Joe, who was the first social media star to join the celebrity line-up, lost out on the crown to documentary maker Stacey Dooley and her partner Kevin Clifton. Despite his stint on the show ending several years ago, Strictly has remained part of Joe's life as he is the host of Strictly's official podcast and is dating Dianne.  READ MORE: Coronation Street fans work out Phill's sinister link to Pat Phelan  Discussing his partner's return to the dance floor for this year's series, he said: “I think she is super excited about it as it is the 20th year. “I think it could be the first year back - I don’t know if it is or not - but I would like to think because of the current situation the world’s in that it is going to be a year where things to feel a bit more back to normal as well. “It’s perfect timing in a way for the 20th series so I am hoping Blackpool is returning and I am hoping we are going to see an audience in the ballroom again and I know it is going to be great to see. “I know Dianne is super excited and she looks forward to it all year round.   Joe added: “I am super excited to watch it again and get behind them all." He explained: “That is the thing, once you get on the show you get to know everyone so well. "It’s like going back to Elstree Film Studios is like going back to meet old school friends, it’s a really nice feeling. “It’s not just with the professional [dancers] it’s with everyone who works on the show as you get to know these people so well as you go throughout the show. It’s lovely.” While the professional dancing line-up has been announced by BBC bosses, fans are still waiting to find out which celebrities will be taking part in this year's competition. DON'T MISS...Strictly's Dianne Buswell breaks down in tears over show farewell [LATEST]Gorka Marquez talks 'ruining' Joe Sugg's day at Katya's birthday bash [UPDATE]Strictly's Dianne and Joe convince fans they will announce engagement [INSIGHT]  Familiar faces who will not be returning to the dance floor this year are fan favourites Oti Mabuse and Aljaž Škorjanec. Joe, who has presented the Strictly podcast with producer Kim Winston in recent years, said he hopes he will be able to host the podcast to share the latest backstage action with fans this year. When asked whether he will present the podcast when this year's series lands on screens he said: “I think so yeah, but it is still too early on to know. “I think they sort out all the pro numbers before they get on to that sort of thing but I work with Kim Winston on that podcast and she has been with Strictly since the beginning, so she knows her stuff.   “We have a good connection on the best way to get interviews for the pros and celebs, so it works really well." Away from the world of ballroom dancing, Joe has been working on a new YouTube series as the narrator of a history mini-series called Corpse Talks which is aimed at children. Opening up about the illustrated show which brings famous figures in history back to life, Joe said: "It’s been such a good project to be part of and the animation team is excellent and the sound design is amazing. "It’s been a super fun project and I hope everyone will enjoy it too." Corpse Talks is available to watch on YouTube and Strictly Come Dancing 2022 will air later this year on BBC One. 