Reports have suggested millions of tonnes of grain remain blocked in the Ukrainian port city of Odessa due to shipping lanes and logistics routes being blocked in the Black Sea. Aside from grain, other staple products from Ukraine have also been impacted by the war causing not only in the UK, but globally as shortages are seen on shelves and shops.  With the Black Sea a vital route into Europe and the Mediterranean to supply Africa, rumours began circulating over plans to send naval assets to the region to protect cargo. However, Britain announced it had no plans to send warships to the area to assist with the safe passage of vessels to Europe and beyond. The idea of a so-called “protective corridor” was proposed by Lithuania’s foreign minister to British counterpart Liz Truss. The plan would have been to create a “coalition of the willing”.  A spokesman for the UK said the Britan would continue working "intensively" with international partners to resume the export of grain amid Putin's "despicable" blockade. But they said the UK is not deploying warships to the Black Sea. In the meantime, supermarkets and stockists are starting to see the impact of the war. Some outlets have rationed various commodities such as cooking oil as supplies run dry. Adding to the woes are the rising costs of what goods are available. Across every level of supply, from production, distribution and sales, prices have been rising over uncertainty and increasing inflation.  READ MORE:Food poverty: Four ways you can help tackle rising food poverty The UK has seen inflation toy with double figures in recent weeks, meaning end consumers are feeling the economic pinch. Sainsbury’s has forecast a drop in food margins but sees a “small volume decline being offset by a small price increase” in the food section, according to chief financial officer Kevin O’Byrne. Shoppers are becoming more price-savvy as costs soar. Analyst Damian McNeela said: “The recent deterioration in market share performance is likely to be one of the reasons that both Asda and Morrisons have announced new investments in price.” The price of sunflower oil is a clear example of the pressures currently faced by retailers. Prices rose by 60 percent after Russia invaded Ukraine, from £1,130 per metric tonne in February to more than £1,800 in March, as fighting disrupted exports from the two countries, which together represent 55 percent of the global supply. Retailers are advising there is no need to panic at the moment.  DON'T MISS:Passenger refuses to switch seats with mum and baby [REPORT]Mother rescues son after sewage drain fall [REVEAL]Tensions 'on edge' in East Germany over Ukraine [INSIGHT]  Previously, and most notably during the COVID-19 pandemic, shoppers surged to purchase various goods such as pasta and toilet rolls. Speaking of the need to remain calm Iceland’s Chief Executive Richard Walker said the situation is not as “frenzied” as before. He said: “But yes, we are limiting purchases and we’ve moved into smaller packs to allow existing stocks in the market to service more customers.” With prices increasing amid shortages and inflation, demand for food banks has risen to alarming levels. Reports from the Citizens Advice Bureau have shown over 750 new families per day are being referred to local food banks in order to make ends meet.  Speaking to ABC News, one food bank worker in London said: “We are struggling as it is, but right now we’re in a bubbling pot. “You’re getting people panicking. “We used to be able to run to 4.00pm, but now by 2:30pm, all the food’s gone.” A recent report from the International Monetary Fund said Britain is expected to be the slowest-growing economy out of the Group of Seven leading democracies in 2023 as the war sets back the global economic recovery from the pandemic. The report said: “Consumption is projected to be weaker than expected as inflation erodes real disposable income, while tighter financial conditions are expected to cool investment.” The IMF cut its forecast for British gross domestic product growth this year to 3.7 percent from January's forecast of 4.7 percent, while for 2023 the growth rate was almost halved to 1.2 percent from 2.3 percent. 