The Queen, 96, is using her Platinum Jubilee to emphasise unity across the UK by sending members of the Royal Family to all four nations to mark the occasion. Senior members of the Firm will visit over the extended Bank Holiday to commemorate the monarch’s historic reign. Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland will each have their own royal visits, while many of the main events are taking place in London. A Buckingham Palace spokesman said: “Members of the Royal Family will attend engagements in each nation, including public events marking the occasion.” As part of the sovereign’s plans to extend the celebrations, Princess Anne is due to head to Scotland. The Princess Royal, 71, has previously spoken about her love for the nation, and once said: “Scotland is such a beautiful country with such passionate people, who could fail to want to be a part of it?” Prince William and his wife Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, will visit Wales. The country holds a special place in the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s hearts, as the royal couple had a home on the island of Anglesey before and after their 2011 marriage. Prince Charles and Camilla will remain in London with the Queen. The Queen’s youngest son Prince Edward and his wife Sophie will travel to Northern Ireland. Full details of each of the royal couple’s engagements will be announced in due course. READ MORE: Prince Harry 'very almost' got blown up during second Afghanistan tour No roles have been granted to Prince Harry and Prince Andrew, who have stepped back from royal duties. The Duke of York quit his royal role after his BBC Newsnight interview in 2019. Meghan Markle and Prince Harry stepped down from their roles in 2020 and now reside in the US. However, it was confirmed last week that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will be returning to British soil for some Jubilee celebrations. A statement released by a spokesperson confirmed Meghan and Harry will be attending some of the Platinum Jubilee events with their two children – Archie, three, and Lilibet, who turns one next month. DON'T MISS Prince Charles 'publicly embarrassed' in iconic Spice Girls encounter [REVEAL] Kate and William to issue 'special message' [REPORT]Meghan removes reference to cancelled Netflix show from Archewell site [INSIGHT] The full statement reads: "Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are excited and honoured to attend the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations this June with their children." The occasion will mark the first time the Sussexes have visited the UK with their two children since quitting royal duties. Details of the events they plan to attend were not disclosed. However, the four main events of the weekend – Trooping the Colour, the Party at the Palace, the Platinum Jubilee Pageant and a service of thanksgiving – will all be held in London. It has been confirmed that Prince Andrew and the Sussexes will not be among those gathering on the Buckingham Palace balcony to watch a traditional RAF flypast after Trooping the Colour, the Queen’s birthday parade, takes place. A statement released by the palace said the Queen had personally decided, after “careful consideration”, that only members of the royal family who are currently undertaking official public duties on her behalf would join her. Special allowances were granted for William and Kate’s three children Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis to make an appearance, as well as Lady Louise and James, Viscount Severn, Edward and Sophie’s son and daughter. Princess Anne’s husband, Admiral Sir Timothy Laurence, will also be permitted to join as regularly accompanies his wife on official duties and tours. The announcement came following widespread public speculation as to whether Harry, Meghan and Andrew could join her. The Duke of York raised eyebrows when he accompanied the monarch to a memorial service for the late Prince Philip. The event marked his first public appearance after reaching an out-of-court settlement with Virginia Giuffre. He was pictured accompanying the Queen into Westminister Abbey while she clutched a walking stick.