Tips help to show appreciation for waiting or hotel staff. But it can be hard to know what’s appropriate on a foreign holiday. In the USA, tipping is firmly ingrained in the culture and people will always be expected to tip. However, in Europe there’s a lot more variation when it comes to how much tourists should tip. Nicky Kelvin, travel expert and Head of the Points Guy, said: “When it comes to tipping, and how much is suitable, it really depends on where you are travelling to. “In Europe, tipping prices are a lot more modest than other destinations, say in America.” READ MORE: Simon Calder shares essential tip amid passport chaos He told Express.co.uk: “Tipping in Europe isn’t always expected, and if it is, it’s usually only about five or 10 percent.” The Points Guy suggests that tourists should tip around 80p per bag to a hotel porter and around £4 to hotel cleaners. However, there are exceptions. Nicky said that tipping isn’t really customary in Denmark where hotel staff members earn national minimum wage. Tipping also isn’t customary in Iceland, although staff are unlikely to be offended if tourists decide to do so. Cody Candee, CEO and founder of Bounce, said: “Whilst tipping isn’t mandatory, it is typically polite. “However, in some countries such as Japan, tipping is seen as unnecessary and can even be seen as an insult! “It can be polite to tip taxi drivers, bus drivers and tour guides, but again this isn’t a requirement. “Generally speaking these industries don’t offer significantly high wages and so tips are a great way to demonstrate that extra appreciation. “For countries that don’t accept tips or for those that may take offence, if you wish to still show your gratitude, why not instead consider rounding your bill?” Nicky advised that British tourists could always ask a hotel for its stance on tipping before leaving. Nicky added: “When it comes to restaurant or hotel tipping in Europe, it’s important to remember that it’s not always included automatically on the bill like it is in the UK or US, so if you’ve had great service, make sure to add it on at the end.” Many UK restaurants will include a discretionary service charge on the bill at the end of a meal. While Britons would need to ask for the tip to be removed if they didn’t want to pay it, in Europe it’s more of an opt in. Many restaurants and cafes in France or Spain will not include a tip as part of the final bill. That means that British tourists should make sure to leave a cash tip if they want to reward good service. At some European cafes, tourists will be charged a cover charge to sit on a terrace or for bottled water.