It’s vitally important that there is a safety net in society and that we look after those who are unable to help themselves. People experience difficulties at various times of their lives for all sorts of reasons, whether they have lost their job, been victims of domestic abuse or in cases I’ve seen locally because they’ve been got by flooding. Sometimes this leaves people with serious difficulties in the short term. In the past, people would use their extended family networks or those in their communities, for example the church, as a source of help if they experienced problems and what was provided by the state was not enough. Nowadays society has changed somewhat and there are many (often more formal) organisations that are around that can help people. The result of this is that we have various charitable groups and in some cases organisations such as food banks who can offer assistance and whose workers (who are often volunteers) do great work. I don’t think this is a bad thing, as it raises awareness about extra help that is available and of course when this happens you will have an increase in people using these services. It’s not to say there’s necessarily been an increase in need, so much as an increase in awareness. Unfortunately, some seem to use this to play political games and suggest that suddenly we have had a massive rise in absolute poverty in this country. This of course is nonsense and if they were to visit places in the world where we have some real examples of absolute poverty they may actually gain some sense of perspective. If they also tried working in the voluntary sector, as I did for many years, they would also realise that many of us Conservatives are involved in and run many charitable rganisations. I was asked a question about the increase in the use of food banks at a hustings in Bassetlaw during the General Election in 2019. Before I could even answer the question, half a dozen phones went up in the air to video my response. Of course, there’s only one answer that they wanted me to give, which is the narrative of the left and that (if you’ll pardon my French) “All poverty is caused by the Tories because they are absolute b*$****s and it’s all down to their austerity”. This is the narrative they use today (when of course we do have genuine issues with the cost of living and energy bills), but they also used to suggest Brexit was a problem and before that ‘austerity’ when we were recovering from the last Labour government nearly bankrupting the country. Before that, when they were in government themselves, they’d usually blame Thatcher. If you ask them about history before that then they’ll probably start rattling on about empire or colonialism. To them we will always be in what they deem as poverty, because it’s the only narrative the left know. No positivity, no progress, no ambition, no pride. Just a lot of moaning and blaming others. The video of me at the hustings in 2019 is quite telling. During the first 15 seconds when I make nice comments about volunteers and explain that people use food banks for all sorts of genuine reasons, you can already hear chatting and heckling in the background. They aren’t interested in what my actual answer will be, as their mind is fixed. With it being a Christmas election I was also strangely sat in front of a nativity set and a large Star of David at the time, which probably triggered a few of the far left further. I went on to make the point that those who regularly rely on these sort of services perhaps have deeper problems than just blaming the government. This could be down to problems with employment, budgeting, lifestyle of any number of other issues. I also know that there are people who take advantage of these services simply because they are available and they are able to get something for nothing - this leading to an increase in those taking it up. This isn’t being cynical - this is just basic economics and common sense. I also said that it was disappointing that people were trying to use food banks, which are a genuinely good cause, as a political weapon and a stick to beat others with. It upset the heckler in the room, because of course that’s exactly what they were doing. The next day I was contacted by The Mirror, who told me that apparently some people were outraged and a video ‘had emerged’ about comments I had made. I stuck to my guns. When challenged and told that absolute poverty in the UK had increased I pushed back and said this was not true. Subsequently they admitted (in the same article) that I was in fact correct, and that we have been making progress. The video of the hustings had been uploaded to their website too but, surprise surprise, the bit at the start where I praised volunteered and explained how sometimes people fall on hard times for genuine reasons, had been removed. Funny that. Suffice to say, I won the subsequent election with the biggest Labour to Conservative swing in British political history at a General Election (18.4%) and a 14,013 majority. Clearly there were plenty of people out there who agreed with what I had said. I know what it’s like to struggle. I come from what was once the biggest council estate in Europe, I’ve lived on a low income and I’ve been there at the supermarkets at the end of the day picking up the discounted yellow label goods to stock up the fridge or freezer. Many others work long hard hours to support themselves and their families and only just about manage. But there’s nothing more frustrating than seeing your neighbours not working or having things paid for which you have to provide entirely for yourselves. Whilst the outraged chattering classes opine about their perception of what constitutes poverty, there is a real resentment amongst working people when they see people taking advantage. This is because they see it with their own eyes. Fast forwards again and I joined Lee Anderson MP in Ashfield, along with other Red Wall MPs Marco Longhi and Matt Vickers at a local school, where we participated in a challenge to batch cook meals from fresh ingredients and on a budget. We cooked a week’s food for a family of five for around £30. There’s a lot to be said for learning to cook on a budget. Ready meals and takeaways are not just expensive, but also offer poor nutritional value. This all contributes towards the obesity epidemic, which this country currently faces.   Of course, it’s far cheaper to buy fruit and vegetables, but many don’t know what to do with them when they have them, which is the point Lee Anderson was making recently. That’s not to be condescending or insulting. It’s just some people have never been taught how to do it, whether that’s at school or at home. This can be case for several generations of families. I used to live in Romania and whenever people speak to me about poverty I tell that that I have seen people struggle with very little at all, especially in rural communities. But what you do see are people growing their own food in gardens, people not buying microwave meals and people cooking from fresh ingredients. This food then lasts. It wasn’t so long ago that we used to do this in this country too. Perhaps we need to start learning again. It’s also better for the local environment of course. Lee also gave a great example of some of the other help available to those who struggle. There are many who would love to know how to put together an effective CV, learn about finance (with many being in debt and paying outrageous interest rates) or skills such as those outlined above. It may seem clichéd to use the old "give a man a fish" line, but it still rings true today. Many of us all over the country are currently struggling with inflation and the increased cost of living, but let’s not fool ourselves. There are many people who have had problems for years, and this predates any pandemic or financial crisis. It is a cultural problem as much as a financial one. People don’t need a hand out, they need a hand up. Whilst those jumping up and down about Lee Anderson’s comments would be happy to simply increase the former, perhaps it’s time to take a leaf out of Lee’s book and get about there and actually do something. He’s invited those Labour MPs and the press to come up to Ashfield and actually see the work that is going on. He is up for the challenge. Are they? 