Whether you call them vampire or phantom devices, they can still drain a significant amount of electricity even when you aren't using them, according to British Gas. In fact, they can cost each household up to £12 a month - or a staggering £2.2billion a year throughout the UK. Any device left plugged into the wall but not switched off will be guilty of silently using power, including smart speakers, laptops, and internet routers. The Energy Saving Trust (EST) said consumers need to consider which devices they leave switched on. It estimates households would save around £55 per year by switching off all their devices when not in use. Brian Horn, Senior Insight and Analytics consultant at the EST, said there were practical things consumers could do. He said: “If something doesn't need to be on, then you should switch it off at the wall or unplug it. "Everything else, just try and make it as easy as possible to turn it off. "If you make sure that the plug is accessible, you can just switch it off, so you don't need to unplug it. "But if you've got a whole bunch of things plugged in behind your television, you may want to plug them all into one extension lead." READ MORE: Heating: Use underlay to save money on energy bills - ‘simple’ A 54 percent rise in the energy price cap has meant a household using a typical amount of gas and electricity will now pay £1,971 per year. Of course, switching off every appliance might not be practical - after all, the fridge and freezer needs to be left on or food will spoil. Plus, it's worth pointing out that modern devices and appliances are typically much more energy-efficient than older ones, so may only be adding small amounts to the total energy bill. Still, with costs soaring, every little helps. So, here are the worst offenders that you should turn off. A TV is one of the most energy-hungry devices in the house when left on standby. A Television uses 40 watts of energy when it's being used, but still wants 10 watts when it's sitting in standby. British Gas' research suggests more than 60 percent of households leave their TV on standby for an average of 20 hours every day. A set top box is a great way to ensure you don't miss your favourite programmes if you have been away. But if the device is unused by sitting in standby mode then it could be adding extra costs to your energy bills. It's estimated that 87 percent of families don't turn off their set top-boxes. On average, households leave their set top-boxes on standby for almost 20 hours a day, costing £23.10 a year. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ hack to get rid of ants in homes [TIPS]Washing: ‘Cheap and effective laundry substitutes’ to remove stains [EXPERT]Gardening: Monty Don shares ‘the best way’ to deadhead tulips [INSIGHT] It might be convenient to leave the router or modem on so Britons can access the internet anytime but doing so adds £18.89 to electricity bills a year. More than 90 percent of households have told British Gas that they leave their routers plugged into the walls at home. By turning it off completely before bed or before going on a holiday, many could be saving money on their energy bill. Switching off the microwave after every use is another way to save cash. Households leave their microwaves on standby for a total of 23 hours a day on average, working out at £16.37 extra cost in a year. Energy Saving Trust also says that a microwave is one of the appliances that will "eat up electricity" when left on standby. Xbox and Playstation use 130 and 120 watts respectively when they’re in use, but still eat up 10 watts when they’re on standby. It's estimated that households can save an average of £12.17 per year by switching off their game consoles when not in use. Households might already spend more on energy for those who have been working from home since the pandemic, but leaving computers on standby at the end of the day could be adding more money to the bills. Nearly 80 percent of households don't switch off their computers, which works out at an average of £11.22 per year. Other appliances that might be adding to energy bills when left on standby include: British Gas energy expert Marc Robson recommends switching off appliances when not in use such as at night, and not leaving them plugged in for longer than necessary, for example when they’re fully charged. He said: “At night, or when not in use, try switching off devices at the mains rather than switching to standby, as even the standby light on a television uses energy. "Try not to overcharge your mobile phone and laptop unnecessarily. “As soon as your device is charged, try and get into the habit of unplugging it. "Not only will this save energy but it also prolongs battery life. “A smart meter's in-home display can help to identify how much energy is used at different times of the day, so you can see where energy is wasted."