Mr Palmer sat down with Pandora Forsyth to discuss the Duchess of Cornwall's jam packed Royal diary. The Royal correspondent discussed the Duchess joining the likes of ex-Prime Minister Tony Blair and first black British Peer Baroness Amos at the Order of the Garter ceremony. Various Royal Family members have been stepping up to perform their Royal duties, in the wake of the Queen's Jubilee, as the Queen gives more responsibility to Prince Charles and Prince William, in order to save her energy for the grand ceremony, which is now just weeks away. Mr Palmer also spoke about the other events Royals will likely be popping up at, like Royal Ascot.   Mr Palmer told Express Royal Round Up: "There's that and there's Royal Ascot. "There's a very interesting Garter Day coming up with the Duchess of Cornwall now joining that select group of people. "Tony Blair of course, Baroness Amos, the first British black peer to join the order of the Garter. "I think there was some, somebody took issue... I described her as the first black member of the Order of the Garter. "Which is how the Palace has described it to us."  JUST IN: Met Office weather warning: Blood rain set to strike as thunderstorm alert raised     The Queen expressed her wish to give Camilla the Title of Queen Consort when Prince Charles becomes King of England. The head of state said in the written message: "I would like to express my thanks to you all for your support. "I remain eternally grateful for and humbled by, the loyalty and affection that you continue to give me. "And when, in the fullness of time, my son Charles becomes King, I know you will give him and his wife Camilla the same support that you have given me; and it is my sincere wish that, when that time comes, Camilla will be known as Queen Consort as she continues her own loyal service."     Mr Palmer and other Royal experts have been discussing Prince Charles and Prince William taking on more responsibility within the Monarchy. “But they were there as counsellors of state. It is not a surprise. “You have a Sovereign who is 96 years old and an heir who is in his seventies — so, it is not surprising that she is delegating.”  Despite Royal experts praising certain Royal Family members for taking on more responsibility within the institution. According to YouGov's most up-to-date poll for the last quarter of 2021, results showed Camilla was liked by just 34 percent of the British public. and the results also showed that she was disliked by 28 percent, the results also showed that the remaining third of the public that participated in the vote held a neutral view. 