Dominic Raab was certain Charlie Stayt was trying to catch him out after he was asked how much he paid per litre for unleaded petrol. The BBC Breakfast host stated he wasn’t trying to trip up the politician but Raab wasn’t convinced. The pair argued over the highest price they’d seen unleaded petrol for at the pumps in the past week leading to Stayt putting a quick end to the chat. Stayt asked: “What’s the highest petrol or diesel price you’ve seen in your travels.” “Well in terms of diesel I’m not sure because I shipped in my diesel for an unleaded but the last time I went to the pumps it was about £1.65 for a litre of unleaded,” Raab replied. Stayt clarified: “So it’s gone up more since that. I’m not trying to catch you out, I’m just trying to get a gist of it.” “I filled up in the last week so what I’m telling you is just from my day to day experience, the last time I was at the pumps,” Raab jumped in. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Debbie Webster reports Abi in revenge twist The BBC host added: “You’ll know Mr Raab from what is happening in the real world is people are trying to deal with things and those pump prices as you go past them, they go up by the day so I’m just trying to get a handle on…” But Raab cut in: “Charlie, what’s a litre of unleaded today?” “Well the highest price I’ve seen recently, my own experience is on a service station on the M6, diesel was selling for £1.99,” Stayt answered. Raab asked: “For unleaded?” as the host confirmed: “No, diesel.” The MP hit back: “Yes but I’m asking for unleaded. Again, I’m just checking how in touch you are because last time I filled up it was £1.65, £1.67. What was the last unleaded?” “£1.68 is the latest price that I’ve seen,” Stayt shot back. “But the thing is, I’m not the one who needs to be making decisions that affect people’s lives which is why there is a justification in asking you and your government about the things you’re doing. That’s the only reason I ask those questions.” “Charlie I was just making the point that I was right about the cost of a litre of unleaded so your pitch that we’re all out of touch actually, I do understand how difficult this is, which is why we cut fuel duty by 5p,” Raab snapped. Stayt shut him down: “I didn’t say that. Mr Raab I didn’t say that. Okay. I had not accused you, to be absolutely clear in this interview, I did not say you are out of touch. DON'T MISS...Lorraine warns Emmerdale guest to ‘behave' after appearance remark [VIDEO]Emmerdale's Tony Audenshaw opens up on 'devastating' loss of wife [WATCH]Death in Paradise’s DI Jack Mooney star addresses return to BBC series [EXCLUSIVE] “I’m just trying to get a handle on the prices.” “that’s what you’re going for Charlie,” Raab sniggered. “I think everyone would understand that and appreciate that. “But these things do matter, the cost of milk, a loaf of bread, these things we understand your viewers and constituents do care about!” BBC viewers were quick to comment on Twitter with some finding Raab’s responses hilarious. Chris Floyd tweeted: “I see @DominicRaab on @BBCBreakfast saying the presenter is “out of touch” because Dominic knew the price of unleaded fuel. “You couldn’t make it up. What an absolute weasel. This government is the worst in my lifetime. I shouldn’t turn on the news before work! #BBCBreakfast.” Andrew Mckenna shared: “@DominicRaab defending the indefensible on @BBCBreakfast what an embarrassment. Totally out of touch with the real world!!” BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One from 6am.