National Insurance categories help employers calculate NI contributions on both their side and on behalf of their employee. Having the wrong code could be devastating, as one person on the website Reddit noted they may have been missing out for almost three years.   Reddit user u/ukpf_throwaway101 questioned on the r/UKPersonalFinance forum what the missed error might have cost them over the year. They spotted on their latest payslip that they had been classed in National Insurance category M. This category is for employees aged under 21 and when they first started working this was correct as they were 19. However, now turning 24, the category was almost a full three years out of date. READ MORE: State pension warning issued to Britons retiring this year - you will need to take action     They said: “I'd never really thought about the NI category on my payslip and had only ever really looked at what I was being paid so this is definitely partially my fault. “I've raised this with my employer and they have now amended my NI category to A but I'm a little concerned about the National Insurance contributions that have been made over the past few years.” Luckily, the employee rates for both categories M and A had been the same during the three years their category was incorrect. However, the employer contribution rates were different.  The employer contribution rate for category M was zero percent whilst category A was 13.80 percent, a vast difference. They questioned: “Am I right in saying that I have been completely missing out on the National Insurance contribution from my employer? Am I able to claim this back at all? Does anyone have any advice on how I can handle this at all?” If incorrect tax deductions are made, whether that’s overpaying or underpaying, due to being in the wrong category employers must correct it and can do so by updating the figures in their next Full Payment Submission. More information on this can be found on the Government's website.  As it stands, the current National Insurance categories are:  Last month National Insurance rates increased to 13.25 percent, with the average worker due to pay an extra £255 in taxes for the year. However, people earning below the primary threshold will not need to pay NI, and this threshold is due to rise next to £12,570 in line with the income tax threshold. Martin Lewis has previously noted the importance of ensuring one has the correct category. On the Martin Lewis Money Show on ITV in January he shared: “Do check your tax code if you’re an employee. Millions are wrong, you may be paying too much tax on the back of that.”