Manchester United legend Roy Keane produced a typically blunt response after Juan Mata was given a first start of the season against Brentford. The Spain international is due to leave the club at the end of the season on a free transfer. But that didn't stop Ralf Rangnick from including him in his starting XI for the match at Old Trafford. United decided to go with Mata from the start for the first time this season. It comes at a time where the veteran is poised to leave Old Trafford behind, having been at the club since arriving from Chelsea in January 2014. And Keane thinks United are playing Mata for the ‘wrong reasons’ and isn’t impressed by the decision. “I’m surprised,” he stated. “They knew he’s leaving the club, the managers thought he’ll give him a run out. “Coming on for 20 minutes and starting the game is very different. They’re giving players a run-out for the wrong reasons.” Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Keane also thinks United’s season has been a ‘disappointment’ as the end of the campaign creeps closer. “Disappointment,” he said when asked to describe United’s season. “It’s been a disastrous season on a number of fronts. They’re too easy to play against. It’s been a long old season for them and they’ll be glad to see the back of it.” After seeing United’s point tally, and how far they are behind the top teams in the country, Keane then added: “It’s ugly that. “It’s not good. We know it’s a long way back, but of course, there is a way back. It’s the points total that worries me, to be so far behind. “It’s such a gap. Big problem for Man United, whatever issues they’ve got, then you look at Man City and Liverpool. “The last few years haven’t been good enough. The biggest worrying thing for me is the reaction. Not enough characters in that dressing room.” Gary Neville also spoke out and feels United’s situation is different to the one Jurgen Klopp walked into at Liverpool. “I don’t think so. Jurgen Klopp’s done the most outrageous job at Liverpool but there was no set winners when he came in,” he said. “You’re coming now to Man United when these two and three managers [Pep, Klopp and Tuche] are set in their jobs and their foundations are so deep. “The job that ten Hag has is absolutely huge. It’s more of a Gerard Houllier and Rafa Benitez job because they were taking on great managers.”