Beat The Chasers fans have accused ITV bosses of "desperately trying to create a new Fanny Chmelar moment" on the latest instalment of the show. Bradley Walsh started snickering after he read one particular question to a contestant called Leah. The six Chasers burst into laughter over the bizarre question, but many viewers at home were not impressed. Bradley read: "'I squeezed that sperm till a strange sort of insanity came over me' is a line in which classic novel?" A baffled Bradley quipped: "It's certainly not from the Bible, that's for sure." He had to suppress his laughter when he read out the options which were, Animal Farm, Moby Dick and The Great Gatsby. Mark 'The Beast' Labbett started cracking up over the options and Leah could not stop smiling. READ MORE: Lorraine warns Emmerdale guest to ‘behave' after appearance remark Leah thought the answer was The Great Gatsby but Bradley admitted he believed the correct answer was Moby Dick which was a sperm whale. Swarms of viewers took to Twitter to comment on the question, with many blasting ITV bosses for trying to "recreate" an iconic moment from years ago. Back in 2011, Bradley asked a contestant what sport German athlete Fanny Chmelar was famous for. It turned out she was a skier, but the pronunciation of her name dominated the episode, with Bradley descending into uncontrollable laughter.  R.A Poe fumed: "Question writers desperately trying to create a new Fanny Chmelar moment. #BeatTheChasers." (sic) An unamused @DFTPNK02 said: "I bet they write these questions on purpose. #BeatTheChasers" @Shakywoon sarcastically added: "Cue wild laughter as Bradley reads out an innuendo style question! #BeatTheChasers" Willow Dines added: "Of all the questions in the world and it has to be about sperm. #BeatTheChasers" DON'T MISS...The Chase’s Issa Schultz ignored ITV bosses’ calls  [LATEST]Shaun Wallace speaks out on ditching The Chase persona [UPDATE]Mark Labbett defends Anne Hegerty's ‘quiet’ replacement on The Chase [INSIGHT] However, other viewers found the moment hilarious and likened it to the memorable Fanny Chmelar episode. @Randomgrubber added: "How has Bradley not cracked up? Was expecting another Fanny Chmelar moment. #BeatTheChasers" William remarked: "It was no Fanny Chmelar, but that sperm question was still a funny Chase moment. #BeattheChasers" Leah raised £3,000 in her cash builder round and despite her best efforts to beat the Chasers, she was soon sent home.  However, two other players in the episode called Val and Gary triumphed over the Chasers. Val won £20,000 and Gary went home with a whopping £60,000 after tense rounds against the quiz masters. During the same episode, a player called Frankie missed out on a cash prize by a "split-second" and received a standing ovation from all six Chasers. Jenny 'The Vixen' Ryan said she was "heartbroken" for Frankie who appeared gutted to leave empty-handed. Beat The Chasers continues tomorrow night at 9pm on ITV. 