Political commentator and TV host Nigel Farage discussed some local council decisions around the UK to ban bunting decorations. Mr Farage claimed to have visited Orpington where a member of the public had set up in preparation for Thursday's Jubilee celebrations, only to have a council contractor come and pull down all of the buntings he had hung from lamposts in the streets. The Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations are taking place this week, and it's a joyous time for the British public to come together to celebrate. Many local street party organisers who have been subjected to the bunting ban have been criticising the decision with much pushback. Mr Farage also discussed the council's claims that the street party bunting needed to undergo a risk assessment for safety reasons.   Mr Farage told GB News: "Wow, it's Jubilee week and what a week it is something to remember. "There isn't going to be another Platinum Jubilee, not in our lifetimes maybe not ever. "So it is a really really big moment, and yet the way some local councils are behaving is simply beyond belief. "I visited this morning a street in Orpington, a guy there has set everything up he's going to have a big event on Thursday evening.    JUST IN: Serbia turns back on EU to strike NEW gas deal with Putin in major boost for Russia      Mr Farage added: "And one of the things he did was to put bunting, bunting from one big street lamp across the road to another street lamp. "And on Sunday morning there was a knock at the door and Bromley council had sent a contractor and there it is, there is the contractor taking down the bunting. "I mean it's almost beyond belief and the reason he was given is that a risk assessment had not been done. "A stress test had not been done, to find out whether... You just can't believe some of this stuff can you, but to find out whether the lamposts can take the weight of the bunting, it is just beyond belief!"   READ MORE: Energy crisis lifeline: UK to open £11m green gas plant to power thousands of homes      Bromley Council has not been the only Council in the country to give the same warnings about safety and buntings to members of the public when it comes to the Jubilee celebrations. Portsmouth Council and Bournemouth, Christchurch and Poole Council have also banned the use of bunting being hung from lamposts in the streets of their town. The Council told party organisers: "Lamp columns must not have any items attached to them as they are not designed for this purpose." The council added: "The safety of our public during the celebration is of paramount importance."  DON’T MISS: ‘Disaster’ TUI fury as bride-to-be left ‘broken’ after cancelling wedding over axed flight Margaret Thatcher statue vandalised AGAIN despite council installing CCTV ‘Plot to undermine Brexit!’ Britons rage at Labour-Lib Dem-SNP Rejoiner alliance     Many British people have been preparing for months to hold local street parties and events to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, the bunting decoration ban has been criticised by many, including MPs. Parliamentary private secretary to the department of digital, culture, media and sport, Conservative MP Richard Holden,  said: “The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee marks a unique moment in our nation’s history that families in cities, towns and villages across Britain are looking forward to joining together in celebrating. “The idea that bolshy bureaucrats are tying people up in red tape to prevent these celebrations is contemptible. “Councils should immediately clear the way to let these historic national celebrations go ahead so that friends and families can celebrate together this weekend.” 