The survey by British Future found just 45 percent of Scots back the Royal Family, while 36 percent want a republic at the end of the Queen's reign. The poll showed support for the monarchy in Scotland is significantly lower than Britain as a whole. Some 58 percent of people in Britain want to keep the royals, while 25 percent said yes to a republic when Prince Charles takes over from the Queen. Support for the monarchy is also weaker among young people, with only 40 percent backing the Royal Family and 37 percent wanting a republic. It is also lower among ethnic minorities, with 37 percent supporting the royals and 33 percent wanting to move on and become a republic. However, 85 percent of the British public overall believe the country will still have the Royal Family in 10 years' time. The poll comes as the nation celebrates the Queen's Platinum Jubilee next month with a four-day bank holiday weekend. Sunder Katwala, director of British Future, said the Jubilee is a chance to unify the country. Mr Katwala said: “Major events can bring people together if they are done in an inclusive way that broadens their reach and appeal. “Getting this right would be good for our society - and for the monarchy too, helping address some of the challenges it faces to stay relevant in modern Britain, particularly in Scotland.” READ MORE: Sussex Squad plans 'high tea' birthday party for Lilibet  The polling comes as Nicola Sturgeon is pushing for a second Scottish independence referendum. It also comes as the UK celebrates the Queen's historic milestone of 70 years on the throne with a four-day weekend in June. The Jubilee weekend will kick off with Trooping the Colour on Thursday, June 2. DON'T MISSDr Shola backs FA Cup boos as she slams William 'How out of touch?' [INSIGHT]Kate and Prince William ‘copying' Prince Harry with title move [ANALYSIS]Queen's latest outing is 'good sign' she will be on Jubilee balcony [PICTURES] Members of the Royal Family will attend a service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral on Friday, June 3. The Party at the Palace pop concert will be held at Buckingham Palace on Saturday, June 4. The celebrations will come to a close with a Jubilee Pageant on Sunday, June 5. The Queen, 96, delighted royal fans yesterday as she attended an equestrian show celebrating her Platinum Jubilee. The audience rose to their feet applauding and cheering when the monarch arrived at the arena close to Windsor Castle for the musical and theatrical romp across the centuries called A Gallop Through History. 