John Cleese, 82, has taken to Twitter to go after Jacob Rees-Mogg for his views on taxpayers money. The former Monty Python member launched a critique of the MP. The message was posted in full view of the star’s 5.7 million followers. John’s post hit out at Rees-Mogg’s reaction to Sadiq Khan using taxpayer’s money to travel around the world. He wrote: “I assume the upper-class Twit of the decade, Rees-Mogg, was satisfied when he learned that Sadiq Khan’s flights to and from the US were paid for by the airline. “No surprise, since he had no problem with the 40 thousand pounds of taxpayers’ money that Johnson’s delegation had cost.” READ MORE: David Birney dead: Bridget Loves Bernie star dies aged 83 It comes after Rees-Mogg rebuked Khan for “swanning off” around the world. He subsequently branded the move “tough on taxpayers.” Speaking to LBC, the Brexit opportunities minister asked who was paying for the Mayor of London to travel to the US on a  tour where the MP praised the “high standards” of legal cannabis farms. Rees-Mogg said: “Who’s paying for his fare? Is that a good use of taxpayers’ money?” He added: “The precept for the GLA (Greater London Authority) goes up and up and he goes swanning off around the world. “It’s all hunky dory for him but it’s a bit tough on taxpayers.” Priti Patel has gone after Khan’s plan to consider the decriminalisation of Cannabis in the U.K on Twitter, saying he has “no powers” to legalise drugs. The Home Secretary said that Khan’s time would be better spent focusing on tackling crime in London. DON'T MISS... Janette Manrara's injury fear addressed after hospital dash[LATEST]Lily James puts on jaw-dropping display in see-through Met Gala gown[PICTURES]Vanessa Hudgens risks wardrobe malfunction at Met Gala 2022[RED CARPET] This is not the first time that the Fawlty Towers actor has expressed his anti-conservative party views. In April, John expressed his anger after the Tory government were reportedly told to avoid pursuing an inquiry into Boris Johnson breaking Covid rules. He typed: “An utterly cynical manoeuvre to undermine the Rule of Law.” In response, his fans shared their thoughts on the divisive matter. @ReekOShame replied: “Not cynical. Evil.” While @BritishAlba typed: “The Met has had full access to the findings of the Sue Gray report, and her report will be published after their investigations conclude. “There is no need for a third political witch hunt investigation.” @jaminhawx claimed: “Do we really need to waste taxpayers' money to hold an inquiry?  Aren't we still waiting for the results from the party gate inquiry?”