Sir Keir Starmer has been accused of being caught out after figures exposed the Opposition for overseeing the seven worst local areas in England for recycling household rubbish. Labour has often boasted of its green agenda, claiming to care strongly about protecting the environment. But statistics from the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs paint a very different story. Labour’s Barrow-in-Furness council is the worst in the country, sending just 17.9 percent of rubbish to be recycled. The figure is less than half the national average of 44 percent. Tower Hamlets, also run by Sir Keir's party, follows close behind Barrow-in-Furness with just 19.3 percent of household waste sent for recycling. READ MORE: Durham Police should reopen Keir Starmer beer probe – POLL Labour's Newham, Birmingham, Liverpool, Bassetlaw and Nottingham make up the other councils at the bottom of the table. The findings come despite Labour pledging to make looking after the environment a priority. When Sir Keir was running to be elected as party leader, he promised to "put the Green New Deal at the heart of everything we do". He added: "There is no issue more important to our future than the climate emergency." Labour's shadow chancellor, Rachel Reeves, has also pledged to be the UK’s "first green Chancellor" if the party wins the next general election. "No dither, no delay," she told Labour's conference last autumn. DON'T MISS:Tony Blair's own former constituency won't even vote Labour [INSIGHT]Local elections: Labour warned over underestimating Boris [UPDATE]Johnson handed lifeline as Tories 'may hold on’ at local elections [ANALYSIS] "Labour will meet the challenge head on and seize the opportunities of the green transition. "We will provide certainty and show leadership in this decisive decade." The Conservatives have seized on the figures to warn Labour cannot be trusted with the environment. Conservative Party Chairman Oliver Dowden told Express.co.uk: "Keir Starmer talks a good game on going green but these stats show it’s complete garbage. "Rubbish Labour councils are the worst in the country for recycling waste from our bins, and it’s yet another reason to vote Conservative in the local elections tomorrow." Millions of Britons will tomorrow go to the polls to elect local councillors up-and-down the country. The results are being seen as an indicator of the public satisfaction not only with Boris Johnson and the Government but also Sir Keir's leadership of Labour. Last year the party suffered a series of embarrassing losses in the local elections. Express.co.uk has contacted the Labour Party for comment on the recycling statistics.