Sir Keir Starmer has started planning for the next General Election, with Labour now scouting candidates for several key seats. Although the election is still two years away, the party will want to capitalise on its recent polling success. With the right, tactically-placed candidates, Sir Keir could become the UK's next Prime Minister. Labour is priming candidates in 19 areas two years ahead of the next elections. The party's National Executive Committee (NEC) will soon move to empower local organisations to appoint parliamentary contenders, according to Labour List. The publication revealed that local parties should receive their approval to prepare for fights across 21 constituencies. They consist mainly of those the party lost in 2019, with some "red wall" constituencies among them. READ MORE: Boris Johnson has lived up to his 'greased piglet' nickname - COMMENT The constituencies include: Some of those, namely Bishop Auckland and Bassetlaw, were bricks in the "red wall" Conservatives claimed during the last General Election. Their placement on the list, alongside Hartlepool, shows Labour is preparing to regain the ground it lost three years ago. Leaders are likely convinced the party can take those constituencies back from the Tories, especially given recent polls. Despite his involvement in the "beergate" controversy, Sir Keir has only gained on Mr Johnson. The latest figures from YouGov taken between May 18 and 19 show Labour has a commanding eight-point lead. The party is on 39 percent, having gained a point since May 10 to 11, while the Conservatives lost two and are on 31 percent. The Liberal Democrats are in third place, stable on 12 percent, and Greens behind them, up by one point to seven percent. If these results translated to a win in the forthcoming General Election, Labour would gain power. Sir Keir would take No 10 with 305 seats in Parliament, a gain of 103 since 2019. The Conservatives would be relegated to the opposition benches with 241 seats, having lost 124 compared to 2019. While Labour would win, the party would have a smaller lead than its predecessor Government, with a majority of 59. But the party would likely be able to regain many of the seats the NEC is poised to approve to choose candidates. Recent research has found that, despite promises to level them up, red wall seats are worse off under the Conservatives. Bloomberg has found that approximately 86 percent of former "red wall" seats are faring worse since Mr Johnson took over. The publication looked at life expectancy, income and other elements such as access to basic amenities. The results could prove devastating for the Government, which relies on those constituencies for its staggering majority, meaning they could decide the next election.