Road safety experts have urged drivers to be careful around e-scooters. This is because, in case of a road collision, it is the driver of a car who is more likely to be held responsible, unless proven otherwise. Drivers have also been urged to alert the police if they see anyone riding an e-scooter on a pavement. Motoring experts at Nextbase, the UK’s leading in-car technology manufacturer, have carried out research into the safety of e-scooters. They found that e-scooter riders are 16 times more likely to be injured in a collision than a car passenger, leaving young and untrained riders vulnerable. The data also showed that some 70 percent of e-scooter accidents happen during daylight hours, with 80 percent of accidents taking place at busy intersections. With the new changes to legislation around e-scooters, drivers will have to pay more attention to the rules. READ MORE: Further Highway Code rule changes expected after rise in road deaths With that in mind, the experts at Nextbase issued some advice and tips on how motorists and riders can best protect themselves from those who use e-scooters irresponsibly. E-scooters are banned from use on footpaths, and for use by anyone under the age of 16. If you spot an e-scooter rider acting illegally or dangerously, please pull over and alert the police. DON'T MISS Car blocking tram in Sheffield city centre gets moved [SHOCKING] British motorists question the value of electric cars [REVEAL] British drivers slam the idea that elderly drivers are dangerous [INSIGHT] With a lack of training and safety equipment, e-scooter riders are particularly at risk on urban roads. As e-scooters are also small, fast, and difficult to spot, drivers need to take extra precautions to prevent collisions from occurring. Take extra time to check your surroundings – left, right, back, and front – before making manoeuvres, and give plenty of warning to other road users before turning. Nextbase recommends that when passing or overtaking an e-scooter, drivers should leave at least 1.5 metres distance between your vehicle and the e-scooter. E-scooters can move quickly, so use your judgment when passing a speeding or unpredictable rider. This is especially important during the day, which is when 70 percent of e-scooter accidents happen, as well as at busy intersections where 80 percent of accidents take place. Make e-scooter riders aware that you are there. Do not speed up or cause any distractions through sounding your horn, as this might lead to riders losing concentration. Make sure you approach them with caution. Dash Cams are the best way for drivers to protect themselves against the risks of e-scooters. As an independent witness, Dash Cam footage is accepted by all UK police forces and major insurance companies as proof of liability, helping to protect your no claims bonus in case of a collision with an uninsured e-scooter. Bryn Brooker, Head of Road Safety at Nextbase, commented: “It will come as no surprise that we have seen an increase in the amount of serious e-scooter collisions from our Dash Cam users since the trail schemes have started, and with forthcoming legislation expected to legalise private e-scooters across the country, we can only see this trend continuing. “We suggest that motorists take extra time to check their surroundings before they make any manoeuvres, always give e-scooter riders at least 1.5m of space when overtaking, and do not alarm them by beeping your horn or speeding up, this is likely to cause riders to lose concentration." “We recommend that drivers use Dash Cams to capture any incident involving an e-scooter. This footage is accepted by all UK police forces and major insurance companies as proof of liability, helping protect motorists’ claims where there is a collision with an e-scooter rider.”