The Royal Family sent their well-wishes to Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s firstborn as the family marked the occasion in California. The official Twitter account for the family posted an adorable picture of young Archie with the Duke and Duchess of Sussex and Meghan’s mother, Doria Ragland. The photo was snapped as the Queen and the late Duke of Edinburgh met the newborn for the first time. The Royal Family captioned the photo: "Wishing Archie Mountbatten-Windsor a very happy 3rd Birthday!" The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge shared a family photo from the young Sussex’s christening, captioning the image: "Wishing Archie a very happy 3rd Birthday today.” But on Archie’s birthday on Friday, the Duke of Sussex packed a day of activities in as he also attended a polo match near the family home. Playing for the ‘Los Padres’ polo team at Santa Barbara, the prince battled to victory alongside close friend Nacho Figueras. The pair also helped their team to victory on a separate match last weekend. Mr Figueras lauded his team’s winning streak, posting on Instagram how “proud” he was of their efforts. He singled out his reunion with Prince Harry, making reference to the Duke’s two children. READ MORE: Meghan has 'nothing to show' as Queen withdraws The friendship was bolstered “by our connection as fathers”, linked to the name given to the polo team. He captioned his post: "Thrilled to be riding alongside my friend, Prince Harry, and the rest of the Los Padres team at the @santabarbarapoloclub‘s Harry East Memorial Tournament. "We’ve ridden together many times over the years and now that we’re both parents, it’s extra special to be able to spend this time together. "The name Los Padres was inspired by the proximity of the field to the Los Padres National Forest and also by our connection as fathers." DON'T MISS: Royal POLL: Would you boo Meghan and Harry on UK return? [VOTE] Royal Family LIVE: Prince Harry and Meghan have balcony loophole [LIVE] Meghan and Harry warned 'not in their interest' to continue rift [INSIGHT] Young Archie will be reunited with members of the Royal Family for the first time since the Sussexes relocated to Meghan’s home state of California back in March 2020. Archie spent a brief period of his first months in the UK, and his younger sister, Lilibet, is yet to touch down on British soil. Earlier this week, the Duke and Duchess announced they would be returning to London for the Queen’s Jubilee celebrations in early June. They would not, however, stand alongside the monarch on the Buckingham Palace balcony for the annual Trooping the Colour parade, as they have done in previous years. A spokesperson for the Duke and Duchess announced: "Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are excited and honoured to attend the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations this June with their children." But only working royals will get a space on the balcony for the spectacle, a Buckingham Palace spokesperson later confirmed. They said: “After careful consideration, the Queen has decided that this year’s traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday 2nd of June will be limited to Her Majesty and those members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of the Queen.” This also means that Prince Andrew will not appear alongside his mother for the event.