Konstrakta will be representing Serbia in Saturday's Eurovision Song Contest, which will be shown live on BBC One if they make it though Thursday's round. Her song In Corpore Sano, Latin for "in a healthy body", makes a reference to Meghan Markle's hair. Speaking about the lyrics, the 43-year-old admitted the line was inspired by a newspaper article and insisted Meghan "doesn't matter". Eurovision fans will be gearing up to tune in over the weekend to celebrate the annual competition. Konstrakta's Serbian and Latin song will be the first combination of the sort in Eurovision history. Her entry has already attracted intrigue, and her reference to Meghan is a part of that. One line mentions the 40-year-old's hair. Explaining this, the singer said: "Meghan Markle is representative of all those people in the media that we’re focused on. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Tim Metcalfe gets devastating health update "The line was inspired by a clickbait headline of an article about her hair. "It had a sacred connotation as if you read it, you will discover the secret of her healthy hair. "Megan Markle doesn't matter here, although we can all agree she has very beautiful hair, it only represents our society and the media's obsession with beauty standards." Speaking to Kartel Music Group, she added: "She hasn’t contacted me yet, but I’d like for her to hear it!"  After winning Serbia’s selection for Eurovision 2022, Konstrakta’s performance went viral on YouTube, trending at number one in seven countries. The song has spread through streaming platforms and has become a Twitter and TikTok favourite thanks to its performance, rhythmic hand-clapping and chanting. The multi-hyphenate artist told the publication what the overall theme of the song is. "It’s about our attitude towards health," she continued. "Both as individuals, as a society and as dominant oligarchies. DON'T MISS... Jay Blades opens up on 'emotional' aspect of the Repair Shop [LATEST]Game of Thrones' Sophie Turner admits 'shutting down' Kardashians star [VIDEO]EastEnders theory: Linda Carter to exit in deadly twist [THEORY] "We live in a world where health is set as the highest value, we are forced to be healthy, behind there’s a huge consumer pressure and a multibillion industry, most of the time we find ourselves having to spend our own money to be healthy, even for a healthy mind, quite often there is a lack of public support system, with people forced to follow wellness trends that guarantee good health. "The artist is supposed to be healthy, art must be beautiful... Artist must be beautiful... "It's a conscious reference, it’s a useful background to emphasise the pressure that exists to maintain a healthy body. "The artist must be healthy. Health insurance in the song is a metaphor for insecurity, for feeling unprotected and defenceless. "Artists are invisible, are often self-employed or cannot always afford to pay for health insurance, not every country has a system of universal healthcare or a public health insurance scheme." Last year, Italy's rock band Måneskin won the competition, with James Newman representing the UK. The Eurovision Song Contest airs on Saturday from 8pm on BBC One.