Princess Beatrice, daughter of Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson, is understood to be planning for the future of her first child after recent visits to prestigious schools. A royal expert told how she visited Garden House School in London’s Chelsea with her husband.  Richard Eden, writing for the Daily Mail, said: “The couple have already visited potential schools for their daughter Sienna, even though she’s only eight months old. “They include Garden House, Chelsea, which charges up to £24,000 per year. Past pupils at the school, where a girl’s uniform costs £1,300, include the Queen’s great niece Lady Margarita Armstrong-Jones.” Sienna is only eight months old and will not be able to begin at school until she is three-years-old.  The Queen’s 12th great-grandchild has yet to be seen by royal fans as her doting parents have decided for the time being to protect her privacy by not releasing any picture or footage of the tot, born last September. However, royal fans hope Sienna may be among the great-grandchildren who take part in the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Other royal children tipped to attend are the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s three children Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, seven and Prince Louis, the daughters of Autumn Kelly and Peter Phillips Isla, 10, and Savannah, 11, as well as their cousins Mia, eight, Lena three, and Lucas, one - the children of Mike and Zara Tindall.  READ MORE: Fergie praises Prince Andrew as 'wonderful father' August Philip, the one-year-old son of Princess Eugenie and Jack Brooksbank, have also been tipped to be in attendance alongside little Sienna. While Archie Harrison and Lilibet Diana will return to the UK next month alongside their parents, Meghan Markle and Prince Harry. The Sussexes will likely make an appearance at some of the family events organised to mark the Jubilee between June 2 and 5.  DON'T MISS Princess Beatrice to step to fore at Queen's beloved engagement [INFO]Princess Beatrice makes surprise in 'beautiful' floral dress from 2011 [PICTURES]Princess Beatrice makes 'very special' appearance in sweet video [VIDEO] The news comes after it emerged Beatrice, 33, and Sophie Wessex will attend the Queen's beloved Chelsea Flower Show. She occasionally attends public events as a member of the Royal Family. However, she and her sister Eugenie, 31, are private citizens and each have their own careers. Royal experts suggested the sisters would expand their role in the Royal family after Megxit - but has since been scaled back, due to the lawsuit involving Prince Andrew.