And since they signed that deal in 2020 the one thing Meghan has been working on with Elton John’s hubby David Furnish – a woke feminist cartoon called Pearl who finds inspiration from influential women in history (yawn) – has been dumped by Netflix. Clearly, it’s not up to scratch – I’m guessing because it's woke, worthy rubbish. Who wants to watch a woke cartoon heroine – who’s clearly supposed to be Meghan – which deifies her. Who wants to give her yet another platform from which to preach and where she can tell us how brave and inspirational she’s been throughout her oh so difficult life. And what a difference she could make to the world given the chance. Well, not Netflix clearly which is maybe realising that shelling out multi-millions for a disgraced royal and a second-rate TV actress might just have been one of the biggest financial mistakes they’ve ever made. Yes, Harry’s nearly finished a documentary called Heart of Invictus which is all about him about the Invictus games for veterans that he set up. That’s a very worthy tribute to veterans. But that’s not what Netflix shelled out all that cash for. They wanted dirt on the royals. They wanted royal scoops. They wanted exclusives on the Windsors. They wanted stories about the Queen, Harry’s childhood, his brother Wills and their big fallout. They wanted more stuff about Diana, Princess of Wales, the problems inside the family. And guess what – they gave all that to Oprah. So did Harry and Meghan come to England a few weeks ago to have tea with the Queen for fresh meat? Or more specifically for some extra footage to spice up his worthy documentary? Is that what Meghan, who has steadfastly refused to return to Britain since she stomped out more than two years ago, came back for? Was it to help justify their multi million-pound pay cheques? Because you’d think if they actually wanted to build bridges with the royals, a family they have trashed so cruelly, they might at least have brought their kids to see their Grandma. Her Maj hasn’t even met Lilibet. But no, they left them at home. And the only other member of the family they met up with was Prince Charles who Harry saw for just 15 minutes. Mind you that’s plenty long enough for him to be able to add a few juicy titbits to his doco. This pair must now be realising that because their entire “career”, their relevance and their worth is based on a family they no longer see their currency in the US is getting less and less. This binning of the cartoon series is proof of that. If Netflix can bin off what they do, so could the other companies who want value for the fortune they’ve laid out of these two. Because it’s hard to come up with new tittle tattle about a family you don’t see any more and who now say nothing of importance in their presence because they know it’ll be spewed out on some US station – as Harry’s tea with the Queen was. He couldn’t wait to spill the details of their meeting and made that ludicrous remark about how he wanted to make sure she was surrounded by the right people. Which didn’t just made him look like a prize pillock it was also pretty damn treacherous to his Grandma. How dare he regurgitate every cough and spit of their meeting to NBC Today, a meeting the Queen had very much looked forward to but which yet again was thrown into the public arena to be chewed over and dissected – all to promote Harry and Meghan’s brand. Surely his Grandma is worth more to him that that? From the minute Harry and Meghan got engaged they kept telling us how they wanted to “save the world” together. How they wanted to “elevate voices that aren’t being heard” and “encourage people to share their vulnerabilities”. All very worthy, very preachy, all designed to make them look like saviours but they’re fast realising that maybe Netflix and Spotify (with whom they also signed a multimillion pound contract) aren’t much interested in that. Especially Netflix which has lost 200,000 subscribers in the first three months of this year and is predicted to lose another two million accounts between now and June. So it can’t afford to put out stuff that won’t sell even if it’s got the Sussex’s name on it. And I suspect this pair got the shock of their lives when Netflix made clear it didn’t want what they were doing. Their arrogance in believing that their paymasters would take any old twaddle from them – and be grateful – shows how naïve and how arrogant they are. Because strip away the royal title and what are these two – she’s an average TV actress who was never good enough to make it big in the movies. And he’s the not very bright “spare” who left one of the best schools in England with a couple of low-grade A levels, partied a lot and had a brief spell of glory in the Army – and then… well, then he met his the woman who wanted to conquer the world. But they also wanted to get very rich while she was doing it. Now they’re discovering that when you get paid the Big Bucks you need to deliver more than a name and a royal title!