Director of Cornwall Airport Newquay Tim Jeans has sounded alarm bells around a furry of cancellations this summer, as British holidaymakers are flocking to airports for the school half-term holidays and are already experiencing massive delays and cancellations. One of the causes for the uptick in travellers is that this week marks the first school holidays in England and Wales since the lifting of all Covid travel restrictions and the easing of coronavirus test requirements. And airports are still on a hiring spree two years after many aviation workers were made redundant or changed jobs during the pandemic – resulting in slower security screening and long queues at security checks. Speaking to LBC, LBC’s radio host Tom Swarbrick noticed: "If the system is clogged up, it’s going to take a while to unclog. "Every single day, every hour, the number of people going through on holiday or around the world whatever, is growing and growing and growing. "This is going to be an issue this half term. "And it’s going to be an issue into the summer, isn’t it?" Mr Jeans answered: "I think that’s, unfortunately, the case. "Yes, we’re seeing a particular peak this week because of half-term, the Jubilee weekend "But as soon as the schools break up for the summer, the volume is going to be as, if not greater than it is at the moment. "So, I can’t pretend it’s going to be a bed of roses this summer. "We’re going to have to do our level best to make sure that the resources we’ve got are used effectively and appropriately to minimise delays for people. "But I can’t disguise the fact that it’s going to be a difficult summer." READ MORE: BA cancels over 100 flights- full list Aircraft carriers like British Airways and EasyJet have reported increasing coronavirus cases among staff, leading to massive absences ahead of Easter. As a result, a series of flights have been cancelled. The Republic of Ireland also saw massive disruption last weekend, with thousands of passengers missing their flights because of queues. The Irish government ordered Dublin Airport authority to find solutions. Disgruntled passengers across the UK took to Twitter to vent their frustration. DON'T MISS: Dublin Airport summoned by Irish Government over flight chaos [REPORT]Spain: Las Colinas Golf and Country Club – review [REVIEW]US takes on UK to launch nuclear fusion rocket for 'next gen' travel [REPORT] @andyargent1 tweeted: "Gatwick airport shameful security #gatwickairport". Hilde Nyman furiously said in a tweeted: "Seems like #gatwickairport forgot that the world is getting back to normal. "After flying home yesterday, I am a not-so-happy-customer after experiencing extremely long lines, empty shelves in kiosks and no food in restaurants yesterday." Oliver Smiddy tweeted: "Massive queue for passport control as 90% of people using the automated machines are turned away. All the automated gates now empty as they aren’t working, and there only two immigration staff on duty for this section. Bravo, @Gatwick_Airport, bravo."