The stag party, which has not been identified, had hired three 65ft barges from ABC Boat Hire earlier this month. After spending a day drinking alcohol, one of the vessels crashed into another boat just after 10pm that night, according to reports. They were passing through Droitwich Canal in Worcestershire when the melee occurred. One local, Amanda Huxtable, quoted in the Sun, insisted: “These guys were incapable of being in charge of a 65ft narrowboat." Matters took a turn for the worse when the group attempted to pass through a lock - a tricky manoeuvre even for experienced sailors. While navigating the lock, the vessel sank and rescue teams were called to the area. They recovered the stricken canal barge and allowed the canal to reopen to traffic. The sinkage at the lock caused water levels to rise in the canal, which is understood to have resulted in localised flooding on nearby roads. The Sun reported the stag group “abandoned” a second boat before continuing on to a third. One resident quoted in the paper said: “Apparently these idiots hit several boats before this happened. "The police were informed but they declined to get involved.” READ MORE: Putin hints at holy war in Ukraine with 'Anglo-Protestant' backing An investigation has been launched into the whole incident. Some followers of the River Canal Rescue Facebook page, run by those who restored order along the canal, argued that the company which hired the boat to the stag group ought to foot the bill. Others insisted the blame lies solely with those who sank the boat. Stanley Mitchell wrote: “I hope the people who hired it get a huge bill. “Plus they shouldn't be allowed to hire another boat out again. It's a total disregard to the hire boat company.” DON'T MISS: Hated Brexit deal ‘could shatter UK’ [OPINION] Farage blasts those blaming conflict in Ukraine for inflation [NEWS] Britons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ [OPINION] A spokesperson for ABC Boat Hire told the Sun: “Full handovers were carried out at the marina before the guests left the boatyard yesterday afternoon. "The parties have been removed from the other boats in the group and no one has been hurt."