Dmitry Bivol is concerned he will not receive his £4million purse for his stunning victory over Canelo Alvarez earlier this month amid sanctions imposed on Russia following the country’s military invasion of Ukraine. Bivol shocked the sporting world when he defeated Alvarez, inflicting just the second defeat of his career on the Mexican. The Russian dominated the celebrated pound-for-pound icon in style during their Las Vegas bout before he secured victory by a two-round margin. With the win, Bivol retained his light-heavyweight world title as he became just the second man after Floyd Mayweather to defeat Alvarez. Bivol reportedly agreed a £4m purse - significantly less than Alvarez’s previous opponents - but he has expressed concern about whether he will receive his prize. The 31-year-old is worried the money will not be sent amid sanctions imposed on Russia following the ongoing invasion of Ukraine. “I was willing to earn a lot less just to get this fight,” Bivol told the TASS news agency. “I needed this fight, it was the No.1 task. READ MORE: Floyd Mayweather fight vs Don Moore OFF after death of UAE President “I think it's very difficult [to be paid]. I haven't faced this challenge yet because it hasn't arrived yet. We are still thinking about how to do it. We didn't think ahead because the situation is changing rapidly. I didn't even think about it and said to my manager: Vadim [Kornilov], come on, this will be your headache’.” His comments come after Wladimir Klitschko insisted Bivol - along with other Russian fighters - should be barred from competition following the invasion. He and brother Vitali, the Mayor of Kyiv since 2014, have taken up arms to defend their homeland. DON'T MISSAmir Khan confirms retirement from boxing after one-sided Brook lossMike Tyson's reply to Jake Paul fight question ahead of phone callChris Eubank Jr targets Golovkin after Bivol ruined Canelo trilogy Alvarez insisted on the inclusion of a rematch clause prior to agreeing to fight Bivol, and declared he intended to trigger the conditions to secure a rematch. However, Bivol is unsure there will be a second instalment of their budding rivalry. “I have a clause in my contract, according to which I am obliged to give Alvarez a rematch,” Bivol admitted. “We did not prescribe the conditions in advance, and this is good, I don’t even think about future plans now. “Before each fight, I tune in and think that this is my last fight. Yes, there are some vague plans, but I am always in the mood as if this is the last fight.” Alvarez is also being tipped to pursue a trilogy fight with Gennady Golovkin after the Kazakh defeated Ryota Murata in their super-middleweight unification clash last month.