Everton manager Frank Lampard has claimed that he will personally thank Mason Mount for his starring role in Chelsea's win over Leeds United on Wednesday evening. The Whites' defeat eased pressure on the Toffees in the scrap to avoid Premier League relegation. Mount was simply sensational at Elland Road as he scored the first, set up the second and put in a tackle that led to Romelu Lukaku making it three. Daniel James certainly didn't help Leeds' case by putting in a reckless tackle in front of Anthony Taylor and getting sent off, but Mount's performance played a huge part on the night. With Everton's survival hopes boosted, Lampard told beIN Sports: "Yeah, it was useful. I'll send him a message of thanks. Those things are out of your hands but Mason is a fantastic player and I'm pleased he's getting those numbers. "He plays at such a high level and those numbers reflect it, so it's brilliant for him. Chelsea did us a favour getting that result, but we have to make sure we do our thing to get it over the line, and that's now in front of us." DON'T MISS: Man City boss Pep Guardiola fires Erling Haaland message to Liverpool after Wolves win Everton earned a solid result of their own, drawing 0-0 away at Watford at a stage of the season when every single point is crucial. The fixture would have been seen as an absolute must-win several weeks ago, but unlikely recent triumphs over Chelsea and Leicester City have eased some of the pressure on Lampard and co. There were plenty of positives for the Toffees to take as they came away with a clean sheet and five shots on target to Watford's one. A steady point serves as another indicator that the ship is beginning to steady under the former Blues and England midfielder. DON'T MISS...Newcastle 'plot seven-man fire sale' as Amanda Staveley given two clues on next signingLiverpool hero Carragher denied Gerrard visit in awkward exchangeArsenal boss Mikel Arteta on double injury concern and Gabriel Jesus rumours  Everton are now two points clear of relegation danger, with better goal difference than Leeds and a game in hand. Mount is partly to thank for the gap after his superb showing at Elland Road, and Lampard knows the player well having phased him into the side at Chelsea. Winnable ties against Brentford and Crystal Palace are up next, before a final-day showdown with Arsenal. Lampard will surely hope to have safety sewn up by that point, with the Gunners possibly fighting tooth and nail to end up in a Champions League spot. Leeds are already under massive pressure to pull a result from somewhere, and manager Jesse Marsch is having to deal with a growing list of injuries and suspensions. After earning a point against Watford, Lampard spoke of his blossoming relationship with the Everton fans.  "It means a lot [to have the support of fans]," he added. "I never took that for granted when I got the job. I knew they were a hugely passionate fanbase, and they know Everton better than anyone else. "We're a big story if we go down - a big club with a huge history, spent a lot of money, but Evertonians who come here every week understood the position we were in when I took the job. They understand the fight that's on our hands. So I appreciate the support on that front, and I appreciate even more the support they're giving the team because they push us onto another level."