Ryanair boss Michael O'Leary has slammed the Prime Minister for making a "shambles of Brexit" as Boris Johnson embarks on a trip to Northern Ireland amid attempts to broker an agreement with the European Union over trading arrangments in the Irish Sea as a result of the Protocol agreed between London and Brussels. Speaking to Sky News, Mr O'Leary said: "I think it's been shambolic but then I was never a great supporter of Brexit in the first place. "It's very difficult to point at any benefits that the UK economy has derived from Brexit. "We have significantly higher prices, significantly slower economic growth and huge Labour market flexibilies. "With a UK Government that keeps signing international treaties and then wants to break them six months later. " "My sympathies lie entirely with the European Union and the Irish Government," he continued. "We, and as I speak as someone Irish, want to see the Northern Ireland situation resolved. "If you talk to most businesses in Northern Ireland they are delighted with the protocol. They have access the EU's single market, yes there are difficulties with the trade border down the Irish sea. "Boris is going up to Northern Ireland today, God help us all.I'm fairly sure there will be more posturing and threats and all the rest of it." "I'm not a great fan of his and I think he's made a great shambles of Brexit," added the Ryanair boss. "All the promises he's made have been shown to be pie in the sky." Boris Johnson will hold emergency talks with Northern Ireland's political leaders later in a bid to break a Stormont deadlock caused by post-Brexit trading arrangements. The powersharing institutions have been plunged into crisis in the wake of the recent Assembly election with the DUP refusing to re-enter a devolved government in protest at the contentious Northern Ireland Protocol, which has created economic barriers between the region and the rest of the UK. DON'T MISS:  Ireland will NOT be used as a pawn! Sinn Fein fumes at UK  [REVEAL] UK expats in Spain blast 'ridiculous' driving rules  [INSIGHT]  Boris Johnson given Brexit legal advice from Donald Trump aide [SPOTLIGHT]   The Prime Minister's visit comes amid heightened tensions between the UK and EU over the prospect of him moving to override elements of the protocol by way of domestic legislation at Westminster. Brussels has made clear that such unilateral action to walk away from a key plank of the Brexit Withdrawal Agreement would represent a clear breach of international law. Ahead of his trip to Northern Ireland, Mr Johnson said the UK will have a "necessity to act" if the EU is unwilling to reach a compromise in the deepening row over the protocol. However, he stressed the Government remained open to "genuine dialogue" with the European Commission. 