The Prince of Wales arrived in Canada on Tuesday alongside his wife Camilla as the pair started their three-day jubilee tour of the Commonwealth country. The royal couple began their visit by meeting Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. Their visit was warmly received by the Canadian leader, who won his fourth consecutive federal election last August. Mr Trudeau wrote on Twitter: "I met the Prince of Wales for the first time when I was nine years old. "In the years since, we’ve met many more times – and his commitment to Canada, to Canadians, and to building a cleaner future has never wavered. "Your Royal Highness, welcome back to Canada. #RoyalVisitCanada." JUST IN: Prince Charles moved by Ukrainian community speaking of his late father – ‘Great honour’ However, Charles and Camilla's visit comes just weeks after an opinion poll found that 51 percent of Canadians think that the constitutional monarchy should be abandoned in the coming generations — a six point increase from 2020. The survey's findings also come after a turbulent time for the Firm in the Commonwealth. Barbados opted to sever ties with the monarchy and become a republic last November. More recently, Prince William and his wife Kate Middleton were met by some protests during their Caribbean tour to Belize. READ MORE: Yorkshireman spends £4,270 on 41-year-old slice of Charles and Diana's wedding cake twice The comment section under Mr Trudeau's tweet reflected the divide in Canada. Twitter user @Tim03038644 said: "Canada is over the Royal Family." @The_WinePodcast added: "You have my full support Prime Minister Trudeau, but I think it's time to get rid of this monarchy and time for Canada to become a republic." But @Capricorn1309 wrote: "I love seeing the Crown and Canada still having great relations." DON'T MISS: Royal POLL: Should Netflix push Meghan and Harry for content? [POLL]Airline worker shares the ultimate suitcase to take on a trip [REVEAL]Lloyds and Halifax to shut down 28 high street branches - full list [INSIGHT] @RockNRollCroll, who appeared to be a critic of Mr Trudeau, added: "Seems Prince Charles has more interest and commitment to Canada than you do." However, the post was also liked by more than 2,300 users and retweeted over 200 times.