Manchester City have reportedly put a move for Declan Rice on the backburner, with Kalvin Phillips now their priority midfield target. Pep Guardiola's side are in the market for a new midfielder with veteran Fernandinho leaving the club this sumexmer. Both Phillips and Rice have been linked with moves to the Etihad Stadium, with the duo among the brightest young stars in the Premier League. But City are not the only club interested in the England internationals, with Manchester United also believed to be eyeing the duo. Rice is thought to be United's top target, with Phillips unlikely to swap Leeds for Old Trafford considering the two clubs' fierce rivalry. And they have now received a boost in their pursuit of the West Ham star, with City's transfer plans becoming clearer. According to the Daily Telegraph, the Premier League champions are targeting 'two more signings' for this summer's window. It is stated that their 'first choice' for a midfielder is now Phillips, after he helped to keep Leeds in the top-flight. READ MORE: Chelsea consider PSG raid amid fear James may join City or Real Madrid  That would appear to clear the path for United to make a move for Rice, though there are obstacles standing in their way. The biggest one is the hefty price tag that West Ham have slapped on their star midfielder, which would likely force United to pay out a club-record fee. But with City now turning their focus onto Phillips, United have seen one of their main competitiors drop out of the race. Despite winning the league for the fourth time in five years, City chief executive Khaldoon al Mubarak has insisted they will strengthen this summer. DON'T MISS: Arsenal boss Arteta may have plan to convince Zinchenko to quit City (TRANSFERS)Jack Grealish warned Ibiza celebrations could cost him World Cup spot (INSIGHT)Liverpool deny Man City Premier League clean sweep as Klopp pips Pep (NEWS) “I can confirm that there will be more players coming in. We are looking to strengthen the team in the areas we need strengthening. Every season some players leave and we have to refresh the team. We always look at improving and strengthening. I anticipate we will be doing a couple more,” he said. As well as a new left-back, City will turn much of their attention onto Phillips. He has just two years remaining on his contract at Elland Road, meaning a deal may be easier to reach than with Rice.