China has been ridiculed after Beijing was spooked by a fictional plane used on the set of an upcoming Hollywood movie. The leaders of the Chinese Communist Party were reportedly fooled by the fake mock-up plane designed for Top Gun: Maverick, the long-awaited sequel of Tom Cruise's hit film. The prop aircraft looked so real, according to its film's producers, that China monitored its movements. This comes amid reports that China is preparing for war with Taiwan while the West is distracted by the Russian conflict in Ukraine. In an interview earlier this week, Top Gun’s producer Jerry Bruckheimer revealed that China had re-oriented its spy satellites to get a glimpse of the full-size mock-up built for filming. Speaking to Sandboxx News, Mr Bruckheimer said: "The Navy told us that a Chinese satellite turned and headed on a different route to photograph that plane. "They thought it was real. That’s how real it looks." JUST IN: Navy chief says Russia face cost if Putin threatens other countries  The plane that alarmed China is named Darkstar in the movie. Darkstar bears a striking resemblance to previous renderings of Lockheed Martin’s long-awaited hypersonic SR-72. The SR-72 is the anticipated hypersonic follow-up to the SR-71 Blackbird, which is the fastest operational aircraft in history to date. The Darkstar is entirely fictional but appears alongside a set of real-life aircraft in the movie. Joseph Kosinski, the film’s director, enlisted engineers out of Lockheed Martin’s Skunk Works to work on the fictional plane's design.  Skunk Works has specialized in designing groundbreaking classified military aircraft for decades. These have included the world’s first operational stealth aircraft, the F-117 Nighthawk, and the world’s first stealth fighter, the F-22 Raptor. Mr Kosinski explained: “The reason we approached Skunk Works is because I wanted to make the most realistic hypersonic aircraft we possibly could. "In fact, as you saw, we built it full-scale in cooperation with them. But the reason it looks so real is because it was the engineers from Skunk Works who helped us design it." DON'T MISS: Russia state TV scrambles to save Israel alliance with baffling theory [VIDEO]Kay Burley slams Labour chief as she dismantles claims of historic win [INTERVIEW]Brexit LIVE: Row explodes as ports sensationally demand Boris pay up [LIVE BLOG]  He added: "So, those are the same people who are working on real aircraft who helped us design Darkstar for this film. “It had to look just as real as the F-18s, the P-51, and everything else in the movie in order for you to buy it. "That's why we worked closely with them.” The actors in 'Top Gun: Maverick' actually rode in the cockpits of U.S. Navy F/A-18 Super Hornets for filming. Earlier this week, China raised eyebrows after holding an emergency meeting with officials from China's central bank, the finance ministry, domestic banks operating within China, and international lenders such as HSBC. They are thought to have discussed ways to defend the country from economic sanctions if the West should impose dramatic blockades on China as it did with Russia. The Ministry of Finance suggested that President Xi Jinping had been put on alert by the surprise dollar freeze. 