The man, named only as Toko-san, spent two million Yen (£12,500) on the dog costume, with the Zeppet agency spending 40 days crafting the bespoke outfit. Toko-san, who posts pictures and videos of him in the costume, said: “I made it a Collie because it looks real when I put it on. “I thought that a big animal close to my size would be good – considering that it would be a realistic model, so I decided to make it a dog.” A video of Toko-san wearing the costume emerged on YouTube in early April and shows him standing on all fours in front of a camera with piano music playing in the background.The bizarre footage attracted a lot of attention online, with some branding the costume “awesome” and others adding: “No matter how much money you spent, you won’t be a real dog.”He also posted the video on Twitter, receiving more than 50,000 likes with thousands of retweets from people stunned by his alternate lifestyle. READ MORE: Fury over plan to build huge Berlin Wall-style fence next to main road  As the music plays, Toko-san can be seen lifting his right hand (or paw) twice in an apparent greeting. He rolls on the floor and waving his legs and hands in the air as if he is a real dog. Zeppet, the agency commissioned to make the expensive outfit, provide costumes and figures for TV commercials and films. A spokesman for Zeppet said: “Modelled after a Collie dog, it reproduces the appearance of a real dog walking on four legs.” DON'T MISS:M&S announces more store closures - 32 stores to shut down this year [INSIGHT]Royal etiquette no-no's: Four rules that must be followed around Queen [ANALYSIS]Meghan was ‘moved to take centre stage’ at polo with Harry - pictures [PICTURES]  As Toko-san posted the video on Twitter, he wrote: “I ordered a costume! Thanks to you, I was able to fulfil my dream of becoming an animal. “There are restrictions, but you can move in it. However, if you move too much, it will not look like a dog.” One viewer wrote on YouTube: “Being freak, god level! Well done!” While another wrote: “You spent money on that? Lol well at least it’s realistic to a degree.” Zeppet told local media that they enhanced the “fluffiness” of the coat to hide the shell of the dog and made the mouth open and close by itself. Despite the backlash, some viewers have praised Toko-san for living out his dreams, with one person commenting: “I think it’s awesome that you are a Border Collie. Never change unless you want to.” 