NCIS has changed a lot since it first started airing almost two decades ago, with the cast almost entirely different to the original team. One of which was Agent Leroy Gibbs' (played by Mark Harmon) charming right-hand man Agent Tony DiNozzo (Michael Weatherly). He left in season 13's grand finale, Family First in 2016 and hasn't been back since, now living a new life in Paris. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS.Agent Tony DiNozzo gave up his career at NCIS six years ago so he could start afresh in Paris with his daughter Tali. He was given custody of the youngster following the "death" of Agent Ziva David (Cote de Pablo) who was supposedly killed in a mortar attack in Israel. When it was discovered she was actually alive at the end of series 16, Ziva made contact with Tony who sent her an adorable video of Tali asking her to go see them. Since then, Tony, Ziva and Tali have been living peacefully together in Paris, occasionally giving the team updates on their new life. READ MORE: ‘I wasn't a big fan’ Outlander's Caitriona Balfe speaks on key change Shortly after leaving his days at NCIS behind, actor Michael Weatherly went on to front his own legal drama, Bull. Weatherly portrayed Jason Bull, a psychologist and trial science expert who helps clients choose the right jurors and assist in deciding the best argument that can win a case. The show went down a storm with CBS viewers, with Bull continuously being renewed for more episodes. Sadly, its journey came to an end sooner than expected as earlier this year, Weatherly revealed that he would be leaving the drama. This, in turn, meant Bull was to finish with six seasons, with the last ever episode airing on Thursday, May 26. When he made the announcement on Twitter, Weatherly said it was because he was in search of "new creative challenges". While viewers have enjoyed Bull, many have been waiting to see if the actor would ever reprise his role as DiNozzo in NCIS. Up until now, this hasn't been possible due to conflicting filming schedules but with Bull no longer an issue, Weatherly doesn't have any time constraints holding him back. DON'T MISS...Gogglebox fans call for Giles and Mary to be cut from show [REACTION]NCIS LA’s Chris O’Donnell laughs at awkward probe about show’s realism [CAST]NCIS Los Angeles exit: Why did actor Barrett Foa leave NCIS LA? [EXPLAINER] So, in theory, it would be possible for Weatherly to return to NCIS but there has been no news that he will actually be making a comeback just yet. However, NCIS showrunner Steven D Binder confirmed to TV Insider that there have been talks of him one day reprising the iconic role. Binder said: “I absolutely would love to do something like that… That’s going to depend on Michael Weatherly. "He and I have talked over the years about it and he was always on Bull and [since] he was on Bull, it just seemed weird and not right." Binder continued: “The last conversation I had with him was that he’s going to take some time off and rest because he went from a very difficult schedule on NCIS to headlining his own show for six years, through [the global health crisis], "But I can say that I consider him a friend, so it’s not a difficult conversation to have with him. "It’s just a question of whether or not it works out.” So perhaps there is still hope for DiNozzo to return to the small screen in the near future. NCIS is available to watch on CBS in the USA. Season 19 airs Wednesdays on Disney+ in the UK. 