The Eurovision Song Contest will move over to BBC One for the grand final coverage this evening. Graham Norton will be commentating for the UK as the remaining acts take to the stage. Portugal's MARO impressed fans with a haunting rendition of Saudade, Saudade. Portugal performed during the first semi-final with MARO leaving a lasting impression on viewers. She took to the stage along with five other singers who sang beautifully to Saudade, Saudade. The song was a welcome change of pace and she earned a rightful place in the grand final. Data from 68 previous Eurovision champions has revealed typical winners of the contest as 27-year-old female solo artists singing in English about love. MARO is closest to the winning blueprint and is set for 2022 Eurovision glory. READ MORE: Eurovision 2022 'fix' row as Netherlands 'rob' Latvia of final place At 27 years old and singing most of the song in English, MARO has the winning formula. Yet Cypriot artist Andromache, 27, also has a winning profile. Out of the two entries, Portugual has the upper hand as the country has a better track record in the competition. They won the contest back in 2017 and could be on track for another victory. BonusCodeBets, who carried out the research, said: “Historical data shows a formulaic path for selecting a Eurovision entrant. "English melodies are popular and can really set artists on a path to the lucrative crown. “This year's bookie’s favourite, Kalush Orchestra from Ukraine could defy all odds and become only the fifth all-male group to win the prize. "However, Portugal’s MARO is excellent value for punters at 159/1, if she pulls it off. “As for the UK, though currently amongst the front runners, it’s probably set to end in tears. "Sam really can’t do any worse than last year’s James Newman though, after his song Ember failed to light it up.” MARO was 19 years old when she realised she wanted to make a career out of music. DON'T MISS... Eurovision 2022: Sam Ryder faces huge blow ahead of final [INSIGHT] Eurovision 2022: Italy dealt crushing blow days before final [DISCUSSION] Why is Russia not competing in Eurovision 2022? [EXPLAINER] She graduated from Berklee College of Music in 2017 and moved to LA. In her first year in the US, she released six self-produced albums. She was headhunted by Grammy winner, Jacob Collier, who invited her to join his touring band. She has since gone on to support Jessie J and has been the opening act for Charlotte Cardin’s European tour. During her Eurovision performance, MARO was joined on stage by Beatriz Fonseca, Beatriz Pessoa, Carolina Leite, Diana Castro and Milhanas. Her song translates to Longing, longing and it includes the following lyrics: I've tried to write A million other songs but Somehow I can't move on, oh you're gone Takes time, alright And I know it's no one's fault but Somehow I can't move on, oh you're gone  She said on Instagram: "THANK YOUUUU for all the love, it’s been so crazy overwhelming, in the best of ways. I’m seriously just so grateful. See you later on stage!!"  Eurovision 2022 will continue with the grand final on BBC One on Saturday, May 14.