First time buyers could be required to take out insurance to able to give a lower deposit under plans to boost home ownership across the UK. Levelling Up and Housing Secretary Michael Gove is examining plans to make loans available to those with dreams of home ownership but lack the tens of thousands needed to make a deposit on a home. Mr Gove is reportedly convinced that restrictive mortgage financing is shutting a generation out of owning their own homes. Mr Gove said: “Getting more young people on the housing ladder depends, firstly, on improving their ability to get mortgages. "Many people currently renting pay more to their landlord each month than they would need to pay to service a mortgage on the same property." “We are looking closely at what more can now be done to help. READ MORE: Homes Under the Hammer buyers make £200k profit “Other countries facing similar problems make access to mortgage finance easier and so can we.” Senior Conservatives are said to be becoming increasingly alarmed about falling home ownership rates among the young. They fear it will disrupt families, a central tenet of conservatism, and discourage a rising generation from voting Tory in the future. The government is analysing the approach of other countries, including Canada, where buyers must take out insurance against default if they borrow more than 80 percent of the purchase price. It would allow those with smaller savings to get themselves on the property ladder. In Canada, the mortgages are state backed, meaning banks have less need to ask for large deposits. DON'T MISSWallpaper: ‘Do’s and don’ts’ when DIYing to ‘do a room justice’ [INSIGHT]Brits warned of 'hidden cost' of renting holiday home in Spain [ANALYSIS]Zara and Mike 'did a great job' inside their first home in Cheltenham [REPORT] This is offered by their state-run Canada Mortgage Housing Corporation as well as two private providers. It will also help bring down monthly costs. In Canada, monthly payments on a 95 percent loan-to-value mortgage are 32 percent higher than on a 75 percent loan-to-value mortgage. In the UK, this is 52 percent higher, according to a study by the Tony Blair Institute. What's more, just a quarter of those aged 25 to 34 on average incomes own their own home, down from two thirds in 1995. Work on the plans is said to be in the early stages. Any insurance plans would need to be agreed with the Treasury and Downing Street.