Throughout the day, Twitter has been littered with throwback photographs, personal stories and dedications to the actress, who played Princess Leia in the Star Wars films. A clearly missed actress, news of her death at the age of 60 emerged in December 2016. At the time coroners reported that the star officially died from sleep apnoea, after it was revealed that the star had suffered a cardiac arrest whilst on a flight from London to Los Angeles, and an autopsy found traces of cocaine, morphine and ecstasy in her system. Fisher's history with substance abuse was public knowledge, partly due to the numerous medications she took to help with her bipolar disorder - a condition that causes episodes of both mania and depression.  At the age of 24, Fisher was diagnosed with the mental health condition, but in the past revealed that it took her until she was 28 to “accept that diagnosis”. After several stints in rehab and undergoing electroconvulsive therapy to help with her addiction and long battle with mental illness, the actress remained adamant that it was her unstable Hollywood upbringing that was to blame for her mental health and issues with drugs. Back in 2000, the star told American broadcaster Diane Sawyer about one incident where she suffered from a “psychotic break”, landing her in hospital for treatment. “I used to think I was a drug addict, pure and simple — just someone who could not stop taking drugs willfully. And I was that. But it turns out that I am severely manic depressive. I am mentally ill. I can say that,” she said at the time.  READ MORE: Cancer: Milk thistle shown to have ‘strong preventive and therapeutic efficacy’ to help “Going to AA helped me to see that there were other people who had problems that had found a way to talk about them and find relief and humour through that. “Initially I didn’t like the groups. I felt like I had been banished to sit with a group of other misfits like myself to sit still for an hour. But then someone said, ‘You don’t have to like these meetings, you just have to go, go until you like them.’ That took me by surprise. I didn’t have to like something I did? Wow, what a concept. “I just had to effectively put my head down and move through some uncomfortable feelings till I got to the other side – what a notion! My comfort wasn’t the most important thing – my getting through to the other side of difficult feelings was. “We have been given a challenging illness, and there is no other option than to meet those challenges.”  According to Bipolar UK, 1.3 million people have the condition. Classified as a mental health condition, recent research suggests that as many as five percent of the population are on the “bipolar spectrum”. Symptoms of bipolar are wide ranging, as they depend on the type of mood an individual is experiencing. For example, episodes of depression can cause the following: Whereas, episodes of mania can make individuals feel the complete opposite, feeling very happy, energetic and ambitious. Although some individuals may enjoy these phases, afterwards they quickly become fatigued and may not eat or sleep properly. In addition, the condition can be triggered by a range of experiences such as childbirth, menopause or emotional stresses to do with an individual's finances, work and personal life.  Bipolar UK has developed what is known as a “mood scale,” to help individuals with the condition keep track of their moods and help them to spot patterns, triggers or early warning signs. The moods range from mania, hypomania and balanced mood to moderate depression and severe depression. In addition, the NHS explains that individuals with bipolar may have episodes of depression more regularly than episodes of mania, or vice versa. In addition, between episodes of depression and mania, you may sometimes have periods where you have a "normal" mood. Living with bipolar can be difficult at first, but with help and support it is entirely possible. Individuals can also be advised on the right course of treatment from a GP or medical professional. Treatments aim to control the effects of an episode. The main methods used include: 