Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag wants to bring both Frenkie de Jong and Matthijs de Ligt to the club this summer, it has been claimed. The Red Devils know they need to spend big to reel in the likes of Liverpool and Manchester City. And their new boss could be about to turn to two of his former pupils as he looks to win the Premier League title. Manchester United will require at least one midfielder this summer. And De Jong has been strongly linked with a move over the past 24 hours, with reports claiming Barcelona could part ways with the Netherlands international. Now, however, it’s been claimed that Ten Hag is eyeing a sensational reunion with De Ligt as well. Journalist Oriol Domenech, speaking on Gerard Romero’s Twitch stream, has claimed the 52-year-old wants both players to kick off his Old Trafford revamp. De Ligt, like De Jong, played under Ten Hag at Ajax. Both players were vital assets particularly in the 2018/2019 season, when the club reached the semi-finals of the Champions League before losing at the hands of Tottenham. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings De Ligt, like De Jong, left Ajax that same year. Many had expected him to follow his compatriot to Barcelona, who were hoping to make him their centre-back partner for Gerard Pique. Yet De Ligt ended up going to Juventus instead, with the 22-year-old struggling for consistency in the time since. Now, it’ll be interesting to see whether United are able to land the pair as the summer transfer window creeps closer. Barcelona are adamant De Jong isn’t for sale, with the Catalan titans still hopeful he can live up to his £55million price tag. Yet with the club looking to raise money before June 30, it’s possible they’ll cave and let him go if they receive a suitable offer. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Regarding De Ligt, Juventus still believe the best is still to come from the Netherlands international. Yet with United lurking, and the Old Lady looking to overhaul their own squad, it’s possible a summer move to Old Trafford will take place. If De Ligt does end up going to the Red Devils, it will ask questions over three of their current centre-backs. Harry Maguire’s place in the team would be under threat, especially after a nightmare campaign where he’s toiled under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. Maguire only arrived from Leicester three years ago but, should De Ligt touch down, he’d struggle to get into the side. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Phil Jones is primed to leave after 11 years with the club. And United are open to offloading Eric Bailly as well, with the Ivory Coast international barely playing this term. Meanwhile, regarding Ten Hag, the 52-year-old admitted he was ‘sad’ to be leaving Ajax after steering them to another Eredivisie title on Wednesday. “At some point, that feeling [sadness] does come into play, indeed,” he said. “It is also difficult because I have worked with so many fantastic people here, especially the players. But there is also a time to go. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “I am very proud of what we did together. “Ajax is Europe proof again and Ajax plays for titles. There is great foundations to build further upon. “This gives an incredible feeling of satisfaction. We have put in so much work together. The team has worked hard and stayed together despite a lot of setbacks.” And Edwin van der Sar also hailed Ten Hag for the work he’s done in Amsterdam, saying: “Erik… sometimes I thought ‘you are a weird man’. But you surpassed all expectations. Dominant football, semi-final Champions League, and league titles. “You will leave for a club that is close to my heart. I wish you all the best there. Thank you, Erik ten Hag!”