Whether you are a fashion lover or you simply haven’t got the time to dig through your wardrobe, clothes storage can become stuffy and chaotic over time. However, the way you are organising your clothes could make a world of difference when it comes to organisation and keeping your garments looking their best.  Nic Shacklock from Online-Bedrooms.co.uk said there were some common mistakes people often make which fail to make use of the space they have, resulting in misshapen clothes and very little room for much else. He said: “We see these mistakes all the time and they can really affect how much space you feel you have. “The biggest mistake we see is that some people hang every item of clothing. If you do this, you’re going to fill up your wardrobe very fast. READ MORE: 3 ‘natural scents’ to deter rats from your garden “There are certain items of clothing like hoodies and jumpers that you’re better off folding, not only to make space but to avoid ruining their shape on a hanger. “By making use of shelves and having a bit of an organisational system, you’ll be able to maximise the space in your wardrobe in a much more efficient way.” Thick items, such as jeans and jumpers, are better off being folded onto a shelf or put away in a drawer. Putting jumpers and knitwear on hangers can result in misshapen necklines and arms. DON'T MISSAre there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow [REVEALED]How to make a small garden seem bigger: Pro's 'cunning ways' [INTERVIEW]4 natural scents to keep cats out of your garden [EXPLAINER] “There are certain items of clothing like hoodies and jumpers that you’re better off folding, not only to make space but to avoid ruining their shape on a hanger. “By making use of shelves and having a bit of an organisational system, you’ll be able to maximise the space in your wardrobe in a much more efficient way.” Thick items, such as jeans and jumpers, are better off being folded onto a shelf or put away in a drawer. Putting jumpers and knitwear on hangers can result in misshapen necklines and arms.  For the items that you do need to hang, ensure you are using the right hanger for each garment. Though some people might not realise it, many hangers are made specifically for one type of clothing item. Mr Shacklock said: “It may come as a surprise but you could be using the wrong hangers for your clothes. “If the item of clothing is too heavy for the hanger, it could ruin the shape of your clothes. “That’s why it’s important to buy strong sturdy coat hangers for jackets and coats.” You should also make sure you are maximising the entire space in your wardrobe. Mr Shacklock explained: "Many people tend to ignore the bottom half of their wardrobe and it slowly becomes a space to dump clothes when you’re in a rush. "Try to utilise this space as much as possible, perhaps you can build drawers here and use it as a place to store folded clothes. "Or if you’re after something simpler, put in a couple of shelves." However you are using your storage space, the expert recommended having some kind of organisational system set up. He said: "Having some sort of system will make this easier. "You don’t need to colour coordinate everything, just something as simple as having jeans and bottoms in one section, tops in another is good enough."