Photographs of Prime Minister Boris Johnson raising a glass at a Downing Street party were released by ITV News on Monday evening. They show Mr Johnson with at least seven others at communications chief Lee Cain’s farewell gathering on November 13, 2020 – during the second coronavirus national lockdown. Senior civil servant Sue Gray published her report on Wednesday and included nine images of Mr Johnson at various events in the 37-page investigation into pandemic rule-breaking. Senior Conservative MP Tom Tugendhat said the photos show a lack of “seriousness” in attitude towards the pandemic. He told Sky News: “It's very difficult to look at those photographs because they don't give the impression of seriousness that I think we really need in our country.” And Scottish Conservative leader Douglas Ross said: “These images will rightly make people across the country very angry. “The Prime Minister must outline why he believes this behaviour was acceptable. To most, these pictures seem unjustifiable and wrong.” In a set of polls that ran from 11am on Tuesday, May 24 – before Ms Gray’s full report was published – to midday on Thursday, May 26, Express.co.uk asked whether readers cared about the images and if Mr Johnson should resign. First, Express.co.uk asked: “Do you care about new bombshell photos of Boris Johnson?” Overall, 8,761 people cast their votes and the dominant response – 81 percent (7,088 people) was “no”, they did not care about the bombshell pictures. A further 19 percent (1,652 people) said “yes”, they did care, while just 21 people said they did not know either way. Then, Express.co.uk asked: “Should the Prime Minister resign?” A total of 8,646 people responded to this question and the vast majority – 78 percent (6,784 people) – said “no”, Mr Johnson should not resign. Meanwhile, 20 percent (1,754 people) said “yes”, he should resign and one percent (108 people) said they did not know. Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article with readers sharing their thoughts on the images and Mr Johnson’s future. One reader, username  RY28 said “no we don't care” in reference to the images released. Username ACCCO said: “Absolutely fed and bored with this. Don’t care less.” And username Treve, Cornwall wrote: “Not a single person I know cares about this.” While username UKconcernedcitizen said: “This is all political nonsense!” Others were in agreement that Mr Johnson should be allowed to get on with his job as Prime Minister. Username wmoose said: “No. Boring. Boris is the only politician who gets things done.” Another, username mags79 said: “Yes, he isn't perfect, but name me a politician who is. Stop fighting against him and let him get on with running the country.” DON'T MISS'We're being MORE generous' Sunak rips apart Labour for claiming energy plan is THEIR idea [LATEST]Brexit POLL: Is a Labour-Lib Dem-SNP Rejoiner alliance a threat to Brexit? [VOTE]‘She is ashamed of our flag!’ - Top Tory minister humiliates Emily Thornberry over Brexit [INSIGHT] Username MaggieT said: “No. Not interested. Boris should stay, there’s no one to take over anyway.” And username london town. Said: “Time to move on and start on more urgent things.” Mr Johnson addressed MPs and gave a televised press conference on Wednesday, May 25 to apologise for the activities inside No10. He also promised he had learnt his lesson and was fully focused on tackling the priorities of voters.