Moira (played by Natalie J Robb) has been the most concerned about Faith (Sally Dexter) this week on Emmerdale, noticing the matriarch of the Dingle clan was on self-destruct mode. With her mother in law having been arrested and put in a cell at the beginning of Wednesday's episode of the ITV soap, Cain Dingle's (Jeff Hordley) wife wasn't going to let up and wanted to know what was going on with the mother of two. Before the credits rolled, she discovered what was going on as Faith admitted her cancer had returned but in the hope to save her, the pair could end up leaving the village to source alternative forms of treatment. The first hint something was wrong with Faith's health came when she was begging for the police to release her from her cell. As she banged on the iron doors, she was heard saying, "This is a matter of life or death," something which left Harriet Finch (Katherine Dow Blyton) rather confused. After the vicar turned police officer told Faith Dan Spencer (Liam Fox) wasn't going to press charges for the criminal damage she did to her property, she let the Dingle matriarch go. Waiting to take her back to the village was Moira, who made her first attempt to get to the bottom of her mother in law's out of character behaviour. With Cain and Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter) having turned their back on their mother, it was down to Moira to help her as she knew no one else would. READ MORE: TalkTV's James Max shocked as caller cuts off heating to save money With Faith adamant she was going to walk back to the village, Moira followed in her car but she didn't impress Cain's mother one little bit. "Are you ever going to grow up?" Moira asked her mother in law as she drove the 4x4 slowly alongside the road which Faith has chosen to walk. "It's not looking likely," the matriarch replied, with her daughter in law swift telling her she was walking in the wrong direction to get home. Having had enough, Moira proceeded to get out of the car and told Faith she "needed to get home and fix" her problems with her family. "Somethings cannot be fixed, that is just how the world is," the beloved villager remarked with a gloomy tone to her voice. "Cain is going to end up hating you," Moira told her mother in law, who quickly snapped back she "didn't have time" to be arguing. "Faith, will you just listen to me," the farmer declared, with Faith hitting back as she said: "No, you listen to me. You don't just get to rock up and tell me what to do. "Because I won't do it, I can't do it, ok?" she continued, with this scene being seen in last Friday's episode ahead of the flash-forward week. With Moira now identified as the unknown character Faith was talking to, it seems she is going to be playing a big part in the storyline which Willa rise as a result of the beloved character keeping her cancer a secret. As Faith was clearly defiant in being left alone, Moira continued to follow her as she said: "Are you really this selfish?" DON'T MISS...Charley Webb 'furious' with husband Matthew Wolfenden for defying her [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Malandra Burrows opens up about cancer battle [COMMENT]Zoe Henry breaks social media silence with Jeff Hordley update [COMMENT] "That you won't give your family just half an hour to try and apologise for what you've done and how you've behaved," Moira added. "You don't understand," Faith simply replied, with her daughter in law adding: "Yes, you're right, I don't but what could possibly be more important than this? "You're going to lose your family, you do know that right?" the farmer continued before Faith finally unveiled her secret. "I've got cancer. Cancer's back," she declared, with Moira's heart dropping as she realised Faith was trying to protect her family from heartache. Upon her return to the village in 2017, it was revealed Faith had breast cancer during her time away from her family and had a double mastectomy as a result. Again, this was something she kept from her family and confided in Moira about first of all as she opened up about the heartbreak she went through on her own. Having taken all precautions to prevent getting cancer again, this latest news would have been a huge blow to Faith as she thinks this could be it for her. However, Moira is very strong-willed and she would not be willing to give up easily on her mother in law and would want to help her. She could agree to keep it a secret from the Dingles, for now, but only if Faith leaves the village with her so they can get her treatment. Although she knows Cain's mother would be reluctant to get treated again, Moira would do everything in her power to save her life. This could include flying to America for experimental treatment to see if Faith can beat cancer for a second time but with Moira by her side this time. The pair would tell their family they think it is best if Faith puts some distance between her and them so they can think about whether they want to repair their relationships. Moira going with her could be so she isn't on her own and doesn't fall off the radar completely if Cain and Chas were to change their minds. It might be whilst Faith is getting some alternative treatment Moira calls home and tells her husband the truth about his mother. Will Cain and Chas agree to put their difference aside and put their mother's welling first or has Faith blown all her chances? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.