Former Sex Pistols frontman John Lydon is no stranger to sharing his often controversial and outspoken remarks. And it’s a trend he’s been famous for since the very early days of the rock band after their song God Save the Queen was met with considerable backlash for its anti-royal sentiment back in 1977. Discussing the song, his views on the royals, cancel culture and a number of other things on TalkTV’s Piers Morgan: Uncensored on Thursday, John warned the “end” of the monarchy could be around the corner once Prince Charles takes over from the Queen. However, Piers’ guest was also keen to reiterate to viewers he wasn’t actually anti-royal and was, as a matter of fact, “proud” of Queen Elizabeth II. Referring to the 1977 single, in particular, John said to Piers: “I didn’t write it specifically for the Jubilee, that was my trail of thought. “And it was some several, several months before we did that boat party (featured in the music video). “It’s very anti-royalist but it’s not anti-human,” John emphasised. “I’ve got to tell the world this, you mustn’t presume that I’m dead against the Royal Family as human beings, I’m not. READ MORE: Piers Morgan fiercely defends Ricky Gervais against ‘woke brigade’ “I’m actually really, really proud of the Queen for surviving and doing so well. “I applaud her for that, that’s a fantastic achievement,” the Sex Pistols star added. He went on to Piers: “I’m not a curmudgeon about that. I just think that if I’m paying my tax money to support this system, I should have a say-so on how it’s spent.” Taking aim at Prince Charles, John commented: “I think it’s possibly the end of the monarchy because Prince Charles is not going to be able to handle it. “This is the man that plays Pink Floyd to his cabbages, remember that?” Piers let out a laugh while John raised an eyebrow and shot a look down the camera. When pushed further on whether Charles’ reign would really mean the end of the monarchy by Piers, John replied: “Possibly, possibly, possibly, and that's a shame in itself too, because I do love pageantry. “You know, I mean I'm a football fan you know, I like watching royal weddings because I really did enjoy watching Spitfires and the likes flying over the palace. DON'T MISS:Ricky Gervais leaves fans in stitches with jibe at Piers Morgan's showPiers Morgan sparks uproar with Taliban interview 'It's disgusting'Piers Morgan blasts 'scheming princess' Meghan Markle “I get quite emotional with all that. Yeah, I love my country. I love the people and everything about it. “But if there's problems within it, I think I have the right to say so. John also went on to brand Meghan Markle and Prince Harry as “parasites” for their behaviour since leaving the Royal Family. He told Piers: “I’m sorry, but I think that they've shown themselves to be parasites. “If you want to opt out of that family situation, then please, by all means, do and go work for McDonald's. “But don't expect me to be still forking money out to support your nonsense. “They seem to be amazingly ungrateful - or at least he is.” Piers Morgan: Uncensored airs weekdays at 8pm on TalkTV.