Paul (played by Stefan Dennis) is currently estranged from his wife, Terese Willis (Rebekah Elmaloglou) after his constant lies and manipulation drove her into the arms of his brother, Glen Donnelly (Richard Huggett). The ruthless Neighbours villain has been desperate to make his other half pay for leaving him, having personally destroyed her Fashion Week event to ensure she lost her job. However, he could see his attention turned in upcoming scenes on the Channel 5 soap as his mother-in-law pays a visit to Ramsay Street but will a new romance blossom? The drama begins very soon as Terese is furious to discover Paul has been hiding assets ahead of their impending divorce, making sure he keeps his hands on as much as possible. As she prepares to get revenge, believing her estranged husband is going to leave her with nothing, she reconsiders her options. Having been in a relationship with the villain for some time, Terese always promised herself she would never stoop to his level. If she were to take revenge, she knows she would be just like him so she pulls the plug on everything, just in time for her mother's arrival. Estelle Petrides (Maria Mercedes) has been mentioned on several occasions over the years but she has never made an appearance on the show. READ MORE: Tipping Point's Ben Shephard blasts Boris in coin machine comparison Terese's estranged mother turns up unexpectedly and claims she is paying a visit to Erinsborough to help her daughter through her divorce. Unable to trust what Estelle is saying, Terese ends up making contact with her brother, Nick Petrides (Damien Fotiou), who tells her the truth. It appears Estelle is homeless and she is needing someone to support her and finance her, hence why she has turned to her estranged daughter. She thought she could have gotten away with the story she was helping Terese through this dark moment of her life but the cat is soon out of the bag. Even though she is hurt her mother deceived her, Paul's estranged wife takes this as an opportunity to build bridges with Estelle. As more and more people become aware Terese's mother is now living on Ramsay Street, Paul could make his final move ahead of the show coming to an end. He could decide he is going to get the ultimate payback on his estranged wife by romancing her mother and making Estelle fall in love with him. The villain always seems to manipulate the women who end up falling for him with his charisma, business acumen and suave appearance. Unfortunately, Estelle could fall into the trap, leaving her daughter horrified her mother and soon to be ex-husband are in a relationship. It could be bosses are planning on having Paul walk down the aisle again for the programme's finale and his bride could be Estelle. DON'T MISS...Jason Donovan health: 'It's an illness' - star on his addiction [COMMENT]Natalie Imbruglia health: Masked Singer winner on her chronic disorder [COMMENT]Margot Robbie turned down plan to buy house in London after Brexit [COMMENT] Whether or not the wedding goes ahead without any drama would be kept a secret for now but with so much drama revolving around the new romance, it seems it could be one for the history books. It has been revealed Paul's brother, Scott Robinson (Jason Donovan), will be returning for the soap's final episodes airing on August 1, 2022. He could be coming back for his sibling's wedding alongside his wife and fellow Neighbours stalwart, Charlene Robinson (Kylie Minogue). Terese would be furious at the prospect she and her mother have shared a bed with the same man but having had enough of her feud with Paul, will she let bygones be bygones? The actress who plays Terese, Rebekah, spoke about her character last year and hinted at something like this happening for her alter-ego. The soap star said: "For well over a year, Neighbours bosses have been telling me that they've got two massive storylines coming up for Terese. "So I've been hanging around in the background of everyone else's plots for a while, and now that this storyline has come, it's hit me like a ton of bricks! "And there's still another massive, exciting plot which they keep putting off for various reasons," she told Inside Soap. This would make her character extremely vulnerable and discussing showing this side of her character, the actress added: "I find it quite difficult. "It's showing a really vulnerable side to her, so that's far more tricky than playing her just normal and going to work." "It's very raw and emotional – but I enjoy the challenge. This story just goes to show that temptation is always there," Rebekah continued. "It's all down to what's going on in your life, and how the stresses you encounter can pull you back. "Awful things happen, and Terese fights it – but it's always a massive struggle," the actress explained, so will her mother having an affair with Paul be the next big hurdle to overcome? The actress who will play Estelle, Maria, has appeared in Neighbours before between the years 2004 and 2007 as the mother of Carmella Cammeniti (Natalie Blair). Neighbours airs weekdays at 1:45pm and 6pm on Channel 5.