Rafael Nadal was forced to tell the French Open cameraman to “stop” as he struggled to sign the lens in celebration of his opening-round victory against Jordan Thompson. The 13-time former champion in Paris suffered a recent injury scare but proved he was still one of the favourites for the title with a comprehensive 6-2 6-2 6-2 victory in two hours and two minutes. Nadal started his campaign for a record-extending 22nd Grand Slam and 14th French Open title with a straight-sets victory over the world No 82, just 11 days after he suffered an injury-stricken third-round exit from the Rome Masters. As is the standard for winners of tennis matches, he went to sign the camera lens at the end of his match but found himself struggling to catch up with the cameraman. The world No 5 could be seen chasing the lens with his pen as he laughed and pleaded with the camera man to “slow down” and “stop”, eventually signing off a first-round win on Court Philippe-Chatrier. It was a successful start for the Spaniard, who has been drawn in the top half of death alongside fellow title contenders Novak Djokovic and Carlos Alcaraz, as well as Alexander Zverev. He came into this French Open underprepared after making his comeback from a rib injury in Madrid just three weeks ago, before suffering a scare with his chronic foot injury at the Italian Open. Nadal admitted he was not injured but a “player living with an injury” when he suffered a three-set defeat to Denis Shapovalov in Rome, but maintained that the French Open was still his “goal”. JUST IN: Ukrainian calls Wimbledon ban 'nothing' amid 'pain' of facing Russians  And the most successful player in the tournament’s history managed to bounce back by dropping just six games across three sets to Thompson on Monday - his first match at the French Open since he suffered a semi-final defeat to Djokovic last year.  "It is incredible for me to play here another time. I am very happy with the win in straight sets and to get through the first round,” he said after breezing through his opening round. Nadal will next take on French world No 139 Corentin Moutet, who came from a set down to beat 2015 champion Stan Wawrinka 2-6 6-3 7-6(2) 6-3 within minutes of the Spaniard’s victory on Monday. It will be the first meeting between the 21-time Grand Slam champion and the 23-year-old. DON'T MISSEmma Raducanu given food for thought by team SwiatekTennis rule slammed as defending French Open champ booed in shock exitNaomi Osaka contemplating skipping Wimbledon  Elsewhere in the stacked top half, reigning champion Djokovic will begin his own campaign against Yoshihito Nishioka in the first of the new night sessions on Court Philippe-Chatrier later on Monday. Alcaraz is already safely through to the second round to face countryman Albert Ramos-Vinolas following his 6-4 6-2 6-0 win over Juan Ignacio Londero on Sunday, while Zverev also booked his spot in round two yesterday with a straight-sets victory against Sebastian Ofner, and will next meet the in-form Sebastian Baez, who he recently defeated in Rome. 