Scottish Labour leader Anas Sarwar quizzed Ms Sturgeon on the number of bullying investigations carried out into current or former SNP Cabinet members at First Minister's Questions (FMQs) on Thursday. He also demanded to know the outcomes of the inquiries. It came after reports re-emerged over alleged bullying complaints made by civil servants against SNP MSP Fergus Ewing when he was serving as the Government's rural economy and tourism secretary. Mr Ewing denies the claims which were made against him and escalated into a formal procedure in 2020. An investigation was completed last year, but Holyrood has sparked fury by refusing to comment on the outcome. Ms Sturgeon said in response to Mr Sarwar that she could not disclose such information because of "very considerable legal data protection issues".  She said that while governments have a duty of transparency, there is also a duty to abide by the law on privacy and data protection. Scotland's First Minister added that the information requested could only be disclosed if there were a lawful basis. But Mr Sarwar pointed out that the information he requested would not reveal confidential details, repeating he was asking about the outcomes of investigations. He told Ms Sturgeon that trust needed to be restored in politics and quoted comments made by SNP Westminster leader Ian Blackford in the aftermath of bullying allegations made against Home Secretary Priti Patel.  READ MORE ABOUT HARRY AND MEGHAN RECEDING FROM THE SPOTLIGHT Mr Sarwar quoted: "We have to lead by example. We have to show leadership and we have to make it very clear that those who work in this Parliament, those that work elsewhere in society, need the fullest protection from bullying." Ms Sturgeon said both she and the Scottish Government take complaints about ministers very seriously. She added this had been shown through the development and publication of updated complaint handling procedures after the investigation into complaints made against former First Minister Alex Salmond. Ms Sturgeon said: "These are serious issues. They have to be treated seriously, but they also have to be treated within the confines of the law that applies."  DON'T MISS: Universal Credit influx needed immediately as 1.5 MILLION to struggle [REVEALED] Tesco customers 'are asking staff to stop scanning their food' [REPORT] Putin’s fury as Russia does NOT have weapons that can wipe out UK [LATEST] Mr Sarwar replied: "The public deserve to know the outcome of an investigation relating to ministers in the SNP Government. That's an issue of public transparency." Minutes after Ms Sturgeon refused to confirm how the complaint against Mr Ewing had been resolved, SNP MP Joanna Cherry said the result of bullying investigations should be made public, thus exposing a split in the party.   After the end of First Minister’s Questions, Ms Cherry tweeted: "Bullying is a significant issue in politics. Of course all allegations should be investigated and, if the fact there is an allegation is in the public domain, the outcome of the investigation should be made public. That is only fair to all concerned." Ms Cherry, one of Ms Sturgeon's fiercest critics inside the SNP, was fired from the party’s front bench in Westminster in February last year after falling out with the leadership.  During FMQs, Mr Sarwar claimed the SNP also operates in "a culture of secrecy and cover-up", accusing the party of covering up issues including ferry contracts, allegations against ministers and the deaths of children in hospitals. He also accused the First Minister of having contempt for journalists and "anyone who dare ask a difficult question".  Ms Sturgeon rejected the criticism, saying she had established a full, independent, statutory public inquiry into deaths at the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital in Glasgow. She added that she had answered more questions from journalists than any other political leader in the UK and had become the subject of investigations because she was not prepared to cover up allegations against a former minister. A spokesman for the First Minister refused to expand, but when asked if the Scottish Government is "secretive", he responded: "No." 