Miguel Muñoz has been flying the skies for over 10 years working for three different airlines. He knows all the tricks passengers use to get freebies and upgrades on the plane and although some work, he said "being dramatic" is something holidaymakers should avoid. If passengers want to get an upgrade or food and drinks for free, Miguel said the best strategy is just "being nice and honest". In terms of getting better seats, the flight attendant explained: "If passengers come to me and say they need more space for some reason I move them to the overwings [seats by the emergency exit with extra legroom]." However, the crew member said "you have to be careful with what you say" as if passengers claim they have "a bad knee" or they are in some kind of pain, for example, "they can't operate the emergency exit". Therefore, the flight attendant won't be able to move them to the overwing seats. "So it won't work," Miguel said. READ MORE: Suitcase packing: The 'folding' method to 'carry more' in your bag  The crew member said he believes many people lie to get better seats as some are not aware of this rule. So what should passengers say to get an upgrade? Miguel explained: "My advice is to be honest, don't try to be dramatic. If it's true that you have a bad leg, fair enough (although you won't be seating in the overwings!). "But don't lie about it because probably you don't know it but it won't benefit you.  "Just be honest. If you don't have any pain, simply say 'Hey if you guys had any seats available in the emergency exit row could you let me know?' and I will," he suggested. Miguel said he suspects other passengers lie to get freebies and this "usually works". He explained: "Sometimes people come to me asking for an orange juice or a snack because they say they are dizzy or have low blood sugar. We [the crew] automatically think they are lying just to get something for free. And probably some people lie." However, he said he has to give what they are asking for "just in case". "On the plane, the crew is in charge of helping passengers, so we have to trust them really," he explained. Miguel concluded: "To get better treatment, the best trick is just to be nice. And ask for it. "So when you arrive, say hi to the crew, say good morning, ask how their day was, treat them like human beings and not like they are there to serve you. "Which by the way it's not true. They are not there to serve you, they are there for your safety. "For example, if the captain asks us to move passengers around [the cabin] and I have to pick two people to seat in the overwings, I would pick the ones who have been nice to me," he admitted. In fact, travellers who ask for things "nicely" have more chances of getting them. Flight attendant and Confessions of a Trolley Dolly founder Dan Air agreed and told Express.co.uk that being nice "boosts your chances of an upgrade". He explained: "We can make your time on board with us that little bit more comfortable, serve you first, maybe throw in a few freebies, move you to extra leg-room. "To get this it's pretty straightforward, simply treat us with a little bit of respect and courtesy. "Smile when we smile, acknowledge us, ask us how our day is going and remember that we are people too."