Just 15 months ago the thought of seeing Tiger Woods competing on the PGA Tour was a distant pipe dream for most golf fans. The American’s high-speed road accident in February 2021 left many questioning whether Woods would be able to properly walk again, let alone compete at the highest level. In typical Tiger fashion though the 15-time major champion made the near impossible possible, following his return to the PGA Tour at last month’s Masters. The golfing great had battled through a gruelling rehabilitation period just to get himself back to where he belonged, competing on the biggest stage. Whilst the final moments of his Augusta return proved a struggle, Woods was able to complete a feat that seemed unimaginable just months before. Following his final round the 82-time PGA Tour winner reiterated the point that he would only be competing on a part-time basis, but would be at St Andrews for the 150th Open Championship this summer. A return to the historic Scottish course was always on the cards for Woods, and for good reason. The American has a long history with the Old Course, having won two of his three Claret Jugs there in 2000 and 2005. Post-round at the Masters the American even described the famous Scottish setup as his ‘favourite golf course in the world’ whilst speaking to Sky Sports, announcing that his return there was the only other event confirmed in the diary. DON'T MISS: Tiger Woods leaves fans concerned as PGA practice footage of leg buckling emerges In that same interview Woods also discussed his chances of competing in last week’s PGA Championship, admitting at the time that he ‘didn’t know’ whether he would tee it up at Southern Hills. In the weeks between Augusta and the US PGA though, things clearly went to plan as Woods did of course enter last week’s major but with that has come some consequences. After once again remarkably making the cut, the effects of his severe injuries suffered just 17 months earlier certainly took its toll over the weekend. The golfing great hobbled his way round the Tulsa course on Saturday to card a tough to watch nine-over-par 79, his worst ever round at the PGA Championship. The signs that the American was struggling were clear to see, and he inevitably announced that evening that his tournament was over and he was withdrawing from the major championship in a career first. The withdrawal undoubtedly gave the golfing world a reality check, that Woods’ comeback this time around was a challenge like no other. READ MORE: PGA Championship final leaderboard: Scores as Justin Thomas wins dramatic play-off  Woods, and the 82-time PGA Tour winner’s combination of talent and mindset is like no other, but the added strain caused over the past week could well have set the American’s progress and plans back a notch or two. In an ideal world the 15-time major champion could play when and wherever he choses pain-free, but if his week at Southern Hills was anything to go by, both Woods and the rest of the golfing world may have to limit their expectations somewhat. The 46-year-old’s plans were to compete in all four majors this year, after entry into next month’s US Open was also recently confirmed. Whether this plan still goes ahead remains to be seen. Despite his recent injury concern, Woods still has just under two months to recover and prepare for a legendary return to the famous Old Course. If he does decide to head to Torrey Pines though in between, his chances of returning to home of golf, and in his words his ‘favourite course in the world’ could well take another unneeded dent. 