Formerly known as Dean Winchester in 15 seasons of the hit CW series Supernatural, Jensen Ackles has teamed up with showrunner Eric Kripke once more for a startling new role. Joining the third season of The Boys on Prime Video this year, Jensen sat down with Express.co.uk to explain how his interpretation of the character differs from the original comics by Garth Ennis. Soldier Boy will finally be introduced in season three of The Boys, but fans of Garth’s comic book series might notice some major differences in Jensen’s portrayal. His role in the upcoming outing of the Prime Video hit has remained a mystery, but comparisons have already been made to Marvel hero Captain America. As one of the original heroes created by Compound V during WWII, the patriotic Supe could cause untold chaos when he emerges onto the scene in the present day. “I didn’t read the literature on purpose,” Jensen admitted to Express.co.uk and other press. READ MORE: Lucy Pargeter age: How old is Emmerdale's Chas Dingle star? “But what I’ve deciphered from the things that I’ve gathered now I’ve been in this world for a year is he is largely at fault, like the one in the comic, but at different faults.” Much like his modern counterpart, Homelander (played by Antony Starr), Soldier Boy was corrupted by his abilities, which have enhanced his already swollen ego. In direct contrast to Steve Rogers, he’ll have a completely different reaction when he encounters the modern world’s more progressive ideals. Jensen explained: “He has different shortcomings, so to speak.” “Which only makes the dynamics between the other characters that much more interesting.” So far, it’s unknown whether Soldier Boy will prove friend or foe with Billy Butcher (Karl Urban) and Hughie’s (Jack Quaid) ongoing mission to take down Homelander and the Seven. A blood-soaked trailer has confirmed he’ll definitely be getting a taste of the action, however, as one scene finds him brutally taking down an enemy with his heavy-duty shield. Although he’ll definitely prove a valuable asset for The Boys if they can win him over, it remains to be seen if the hero from the past will be able to acclimatise to the 21st Century. DON'T MISS:The Last Kingdom’s Sigtrygger lied about key skill to land role [INSIGHT]The Boys’ Jensen Ackles ‘did everything to get cancelled’ [EXCLUSIVE]Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly pays tribute to former co-star [COMMENT] “We have a character who is so deeply flawed like these superheroes are,” Jensen continued. “But you very quickly understand what his flaws are. “The one in the comics was not necessarily a template for this, more of an inspiration.” In the comics, Soldier Boy’s claims he fought in the Second World War are actually disputed by Butcher. It’s then revealed the moniker is actually a legacy title, and two other Soldier Boys existed before the hero Butcher and Hughie meet in the 2000s. He also forms a complex dynamic with Homelander as part of creator Garth’s controversial Herogasm series, which is confirmed to feature in season three. However, as with previous instalments of the series, The Boys will undoubtedly take some significant departures to ensure the twists and reveals of the TV adaptation remain unspoiled. Thankfully, there are just a few days until the season premiere, Payback, gives fans their first look at what Eric and the writers have cooked up for another wildly unpredictable outing of the comic book black comedy. The Boys season 3 premieres Friday, June 3 on Amazon Prime Video.