Sources in the Turkey government have extended their support to Britain over the House of Representatives’ Speaker who has regularly targeted their country because of her closeness to the Greek lobby in the US. Last week, Ms Pelosi drew the wrath of Boris Johnson’s Government as she tried to threaten the US-UK trade deal to block any attempt to reform the hated Northern Ireland Protocol. A senior Whitehall source branded Pelosi “fundamentally ignorant” of the situation in Northern Ireland where the Protocol is threatening the hard won peace settlement. The source also claimed to Express.co.uk that she is being briefed by Sinn Fein, the party which is still allegedly linked to the IRA army council but emerged as the biggest party in the recent Stormont Assembly elections. The article outlining the British government’s anger with Pelosi was seen by representatives of the Ankara government headed by President Erdogan who have been having run-ins with the third in line to the Presidency for many years. A senior source told Express.co.uk: “Now you know how we feel about her!” “Pelosi makes claims which are not based on fact but based on lobbies.” The row between Pelosi and Turkey, a key Nato ally, erupted last in 2020 when the Turkish foreign minister Mevlut Cavusoglu also accused her of “blatant ignorance.” It followed an attack by the House Speaker on the then US President Donald Trump where she listed Turkey’s President Erdogan as one of the authoritarian leaders he admired. She likened Erdogan, an important ally, to North Korea’s Kim Jong Un and Russia’s Vladimir Putin. READ MORE: Boris Johnson to have showdown with Tory MPs Ms Pelosi said: “We do know who he admires. He admires (Russian President Vladimir) Putin, he admires Kim Jong Un, he admires Erdogan in Turkey,” She added: “But I remind him, you are not in North Korea, you are not in Turkey, you are not in Russia, Mr. President.” Cavusoglu responded on Twitter: “(Pelosi’s) rise to become Speaker of the House is what is truly worrisome for American democracy, given her blatant ignorance.” “You will learn to respect the Turkish people’s will.” A Turkey Government source claimed to Express.co.uk that Pelosi has links with the Greek community in the US who have strong links with the Democrats and has put out congratulations for their independence day. DON'T MISS Have Your Say: Do new photos mean Boris should go? [REACT] Boris Johnson to have showdown with Tory MPs. [REVEAL] Woke preach only grievance and resentment, says FRANK LUNTZ [INSIGHT] Earlier this year she invited Greek Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis of Greece to Address Joint Meeting of Congress. One Turkey source said: “Unfortunately, the Turkey lobby is not as strong in the USA at the moment.” The source added: “Britain has our sympathy.” There have been similar concerns in the UK that Ms Pelosi and the Democrats' attempts to undermine efforts to fix the protocol and side with Brussels have come from the powerful Irish lobby which takes its lines from either Sinn Fein or the Irish government. The UK Government source, who has been close to the talks, went on: “Many of them [the Democrats] have an emotional connection to Ireland, rather than an academic or policy or even political interest, so they parrot the Irish Government position on things with no interrogation or recognition of nuances - not true of the administration but certainly true elsewhere.” Turkey has joined a line of critics of Ms Pelosi in the UK including former DUP Northern Ireland First Minister Arlene Foster who accused her of being "unhelpful".