The Duke of York was forced to step back from public life in the wake of the Jeffrey Epstein scandal. The future would appear to hold no opportunity for the Queen's second son to return to the public stage. Royal Family members are said to have "no plans to review" his position and the British monarch is now believed to be resigned to Prince Andrew's permanent exclusion from public life. However, his two daughters are unlikely to be affected by his spectacular fall from grace and still enjoy good relations with their grandmother. Nigel Cawthorne, author of 'Prince Andrew: Epstein, Maxwell and the Palace' said: "Princess Beatrice and Eugenie are unlikely to be affected by their father’s retirement in all but words, even if they won’t be on the balcony. "They have not put a foot wrong and are very close to their grandmother." Neither Beatrice nor Eugenie have been invited to appear on the balcony for the Platinum Jubilee Trooping the Colour ceremony. The British sovereign has decided that only working members of her family may appear with her on the balcony. This means there will be no places for Meghan Markle and Prince Harry, as well as many others. Buckingham Palace said the monarch's decision was taken "after careful consideration". Despite being banished from the balcony, Professor Pauline MaClaren said that the two sisters could look forward to playing an active and positive role during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The co-author of 'Royal Fever: The British Monarchy in Consumer Culture', said: "I don’t think Prince Andrew’s scandal will affect the two princesses and I would expect that they will still have roles to play in the jubilee celebrations. "Both have managed to achieve quite separate identities, independent from their father’s, and I don’t think the public would expect them to be punished as well." The Trooping of the Colour marks the official celebration of the Queen's birthday and takes place on June 2, although she turned 96 on April 21. The spectacular pageant will involve more than 1,400 parading soldiers, 200 horses and 400 musicians. READ MORE: Eugenie's 100k engagement ring 'unique' - Beatrice 'traditional' The parade starts at Buckingham Palace before making its way down The Mall to Horse Guards Parade. At this point other Royal Family members will join the parade, either on horseback or in carriages. The celebration will be brought to a close with the traditional RAF fly-past, watched by the Queen and members of the Royal Family from the Buckingham Palace balcony. Princess Beatrice and her sister are said to be still very close to their grandmother. They often visited Windsor Castle during their childhood and were "doted by their grandparents". Royal author Tom Quinn said in the TV documentary 'Beatrice and Eugenie: Pampered Princesses?': "The Queen adored Beatrice and Eugenie. DON'T MISSPrincess Beatrice is a a fitness fiend - 'she's pretty hardcore' [REVEAL]'Fabulous' Beatrice leaves royal fans gushing  [SPOTLIGHT]Beatrice mirrors Fergie while Eugenie is inspired by the Queen [REVEAL] "She saw in them something of her own relationship as a child with Margaret." Meanwhile, body language expert Judi James spoke about the similarities of the York Princesses to Elizabeth and Margaret. She said: "Having always been so close to her own sister and her mother it is unsurprising that the Queen has very strong bonds of empathy and understanding with her granddaughters Beatrice and Eugenie. "Like the young Elizabeth and Margaret, Fergie’s girls have always been brought up to form a very close team of two, with each appearing to offer the other support and friendship throughout their lives. "Both sets of sisters were the children of second sons, although in Elizabeth and Margaret’s case their father leap-frogged to the role of King when his older brother abdicated."