Workers throughout Britain credited the Chancellor with saving their jobs when he introduced the furlough scheme as Covid-19 hit the nation. Yesterday, Mr Sunak displayed the same radical panache as he unveiled measures which will help households cope with soaring energy bills. Traditionally, Conservatives are not fond of windfall taxes but Mr Sunak appreciates the enormity of the cost of living crisis and will use a 25 per cent tax on the profits of oil and gas companies help fund a £15billion support package. Every UK household will have an energy bill discount of £400 with those on lowest incomes getting an additional payment of £650. There is also extra help for pensioners who receive the winter fuel payment. They will receive a £300 payment, and six million recipients of disability allowance will benefit from £150. This is a carefully considered set of interventions which rightly give the worst off the greatest help while addressing the pressures on all households. Energy companies that grasp the new opportunities to invest in the UK do not need to worry about being left out of pocket. They will thrive as the Government pushes the industry to make the most of our natural resources and strengthen our energy independence. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss is right to slap down suggestions there could be "compromise and appeasement" with Vladimir Putin's Russia. It is imperative that nothing is done which would allow this crazed autocrat to claim that his invasion of Ukraine has resulted in victory. This would set an awful precedent that nuclear-armed states can steal their neighbours' territory. Twenty-first-century villainy must not be rewarded. The Ukrainians do not want us to weaken our stance. They are not pawns in a game of chess between superpowers but citizens whose land and liberty must be restored. The entire nation is looking forward to the Jubilee celebrations. The festivities are more than an opportunity for millions of us to express our affection for the Queen. This is a platinum-grade chance for us to take inspiration from her extraordinary life and shake off the fretfulness that can entangle us in challenging times. These are days when smiles will return to faces and when children will gain memories they will treasure all their lives. We should embrace this invitation to have unadulterated fun.