The Chelsea fan in need of treatment during the first half of the Blues' match with Leeds United on Wednesday night is "conscious" and receiving treatment, Sky Sports have confirmed. The match had to be paused around the 38th minute due to a medical emergency in the away end at Elland Road. Play then restarted after a few minutes. The Sky Sports commentator reported that there was "genuine concern about a medical situation in a Chelsea area of the ground" and the match was promptly paused after fans alerted those on the pitch to the situation. Thankfully, however, the fan now appears to be in stable condition. Sky Sports confirmed: "The Chelsea supporter who received treatment in the away end a few minutes ago is now understood to be conscious and receiving medical attention." There was six minutes added on in the first half after the fan in question received attention from medical staff. Mason Mount's goal gave the Londoners the lead at the break before Dan James was sent off for the home team for a horrific studs-up challenge on Mateo Kovacic, who had to be substituted off with an injury. Sky Sports co-commentator Alan Smith was audibly taken aback by the nature of James' challenge, insisting: "Well, my initial reaction is one of shock. But as so often with these challenges, it wasn't an intentional follow-through but it was a really dangerous challenge. "He certainly got the ball initially but it's deja vu after that Arsenal defeat [in which Luke Ayling was sent off]. It was an opportunity for Dan James to win the ball and maybe leave a bit on Kovacic. "He certainly did that. It's just that follow-through, it's a really violent one that could easily break a leg. And it's high, isn't it. If you look at where Anthony Taylor is, he's got a perfect view of it. "It's an irresponsible challenge, no question about it. He didn't need to go that high." While pundit Graeme Souness added in the studio at half-time: "It is reckless. Yes, he gets the ball but his studs catch the rest of Kovacic. He gets the ball but gets more of the player, it is a dangerous tackle but it is a red card." Victory will put Chelsea four points ahead of fourth-placed Arsenal having played one match more. Leeds would remain in the relegation zone with defeat and on the same points as Burnley, who have a game in hand on them and also a significantly better goal difference.