Oven cleaning is one of the most dreaded household chores, and it can be hard to do without the right tools. While many of us focus on the charred surface inside the appliance, the dirt-laden cracks and crevices often go unnoticed. To make cleaning your stovetop and oven easier, one TikTok user has revealed her “simple yet very handy” hack to reach those awkward corners. Here’s how to do it yourself. TikTok creator @cleanwithnessa has shared one of her “favourite hacks” for cleaning deep-rooted dirt from the side of your oven. The simple trick requires just one small toothpick and a piece of kitchen roll to scrape the hidden debris out from the edges. While the hack is demonstrated on a flat stove-top, it can be used to clean up almost any item in the kitchen. READ MORE: Easy ways to get rid of garden pests including rats and caterpillars Sponges, cloths and scrubbing brushes are far too big for cleaning small grooves around your home, so this hack is the perfect alternative. In the video, @cleanwithnessa starts by folding a single sheet of kitchen roll into quarters. She then scrunches the paper towel so the corner is rounded and wraps the toothpick inside the paper. In one sleek motion, she pinched the paper-covered toothpick to lift dirt and grime stuck along the edge of the stovetop. The “amazing little kitchen hack” can be used almost anywhere around your home. Simply repeat the fold and wipe process to remove stubborn grime from the edges of items, or cracks and crevices. Here are some of the best cleaning hacks using a toothpick.  DON'T MISS:‘Works a treat’: Mrs Hinch fans share 55p hack for whitening grout [INSIGHT]Viral TikTok video shares 5 bathroom cleaning tips you 'need' to try [REVEAL]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘magic’ product to remove mould in 'seconds' [ANALYSIS] Mirrors can gather dirt and grime similarly to a stove top, but it can be easily solved using the TikTok hack. Repeat the process around the edge of the mirror where it meets the wall to reveal a dirt-free surface in an instant. The edge of draining boards can be covered in damp, slime-like dirt. Wipe the area clean before using the toothpick hack to lift deep-rooted dirt from where the draining board edge meets the countertop. Limescale can gather at the base of your taps, making it hard to get rid of with cleaning products alone. Instead, soak the affected area with a paper towel soaked in white vinegar for 30 minutes. Take a clean toothpick wrapped in a fresh paper towel and scrape away the excess. Your shower will be less powerful when clogged with limescale, but it can be easily solved using just a few wooden toothpicks. Pierce the small holes on the faucet to dislodge stubborn particles. The flow and quality of the water should return to normal after running it for a few seconds to clear out lingering limescale.