Ole Gunnar Solskjaer reportedly regrets bringing Cristiano Ronaldo back to Manchester United last summer. The Portugal international had been expected to join Manchester City from Juventus instead. However, he ended up sealing a Hollywood homecoming after 12 years away from the club. Manchester United’s summer business appeared to be done when they recruited Jadon Sancho and Raphael Varane, from Borussia Dortmund and Real Madrid respectively. But, when it became apparent Ronaldo could end up at Manchester City, the Red Devils decided to take action. United brought the veteran back to Old Trafford, believing his return could help them challenge the likes of Manchester City and Liverpool for the Premier League table. Yet while Ronaldo notched an impressive 24 goals across all competitions, The Times say Solskjaer regretted bringing the 37-year-old back. A source close to the club says the Norwegian believed Ronaldo ‘did not fit’ with what he wanted to achieve. United had been building a young, attacking, high-octane team at the time of the former Real Madrid and Juventus star’s second coming. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings But while Ronaldo did well enough under Solskjaer, scoring nine times, the 49-year-old was relieved of his duties soon afterwards. Since then, he’s maintained a low profile. Solskjaer did return to United to watch his daughter play for the club’s WSL team. Yet he was keen to spend time with his family after seeing his dream of managing United for many years ahead come to an end. Ronaldo struggled when Ralf Rangnick initially took charge of the team. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag But he rose to the forefront towards the end of the season, particularly after the heartbreaking death of his newborn daughter. Ronaldo is set to play a role for United under new boss Erik ten Hag, who has been confirmed as Solskjaer’s permanent successor. And, speaking recently, the forward said: "What I know about him is he did a fantastic job for Ajax, that he's an experienced coach. "But we need to give him time. "Things need to change the way he wants. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz "I hope we have success, of course, because, if you have success, all of Manchester is going to have success as well. I wish him the best. "We are happy and excited, not only as players, but the supporters as well. "I wish him the best and let's believe that, next year, we are going to win trophies." Jamie Carragher, however, thinks Ten Hag should offload Ronaldo despite the fact he guarantees goals. "I'm convinced [Ten Hag] has got to do it with Ronaldo. I'm convinced,” he said. “Whether he's allowed to or not, and I've said this consistently through this season, that was not a good signing. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Cristiano Ronaldo is one of the greatest players of all time, and I'm seen as the guy that's criticising Ronaldo. "Ronaldo's a miles better player than I was; I couldn't even lace his boots, obviously. But I'm not saying that to be disrespectful to him - he's amazing. “Ronaldo has never played in a team this bad. He's always played for great teams. His attitude of trying to be the main man, getting the goals, driving people on; when you're in a great team, they're seen as positives. "When you're not playing for a great team, it can be seen as a negative, and I think it has been a negative this season. “Man United can't go into next season with a forward who's going to be 38. Even if he does score goals, that's not right for Man United - one of the biggest clubs in the world."