Speaking to Beth Rigby on Sky News, the author of The Palace Papers suggested there was a possibility the couple could return in the future “if something can be worked out”, particularly as they offer “a connection to the younger part of this nation”. Ms Brown continued: “I tend to feel there will be a desire to have the Sussexes back, if something can be worked out where the Sussexes are happy and a role can be found that they can do.  “I think that really because after the death of the Queen there is going to be such a huge seismic public reaction. “There’s going to be a sense of tearing of the fabric of this country with the passing of the Queen, who for 70 years has been the only thing we know. She’s on the money even. “I think there will be a desire to have the Sussexes back because they bring a connection to the younger part of this nation. “Harry was the most popular member of the Royal Family and to have a beautiful, dynamic woman of colour at his side was actually a fantastic thing for Britain, it really was.  “There was a sense of great loss actually there, in the Palace that it didn’t work out. “The question is whether Meghan will ever want to come back to this country.” She was asked if it was likely that Harry would choose to return but Meghan would stay in the US, where they are currently based with their two children Archie and Lilibet.  READ MORE: Kate embodies Diana and is one of 'most popular' royals - expert Ms Brown continued: “It’s hard to imagine Meghan will want to come back after everything that’s passed. “But you know time passes and it’s quite possible these entertainment deals that they’ve done are going to not be as glittering as they expect.” This news comes as Meghan’s Netflix show was cancelled this week before the series had even been made.  DON'T MISS:Kate Middleton blows royal fans away - ‘How does she look so good?' [ROYALS]Tory minister admits party are 'braced for a difficult night' [LOCAL ELECTIONS 2022]Disaster unfolds under Putin's nose - scared Russian generals fear [UKRAINE] The proposed animated series ‘Pearl’ was about a 12-year-old girl who is inspired by great women in history. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex launched Archewell Productions at Netflix in the autumn of 2020, with the aim of making original documentaries and children’s shows. However, Netflix has recently fallen into financial difficulties, as they announced a loss of 200,000 subscribers and a 40 percent fall in their stock price. 