Darren Bent has told Liverpool chiefs that they would be better off selling Mohamed Salah than Sadio Mane this summer after rumours linked the Senegalese star to Bayern Munich. Mane has fuelled speculation in recent weeks after reports claimed he could be on his way to the German champions. "Come back to me on Saturday and I will give you the best answer you want to hear, for sure. It’s special. I will give you all what you want to hear then," the winger said about his future ahead of the Champions League final. Since then, reports in Germany emerged on Friday claiming Mane will join Bayern in the summer in a cut-price £25million deal. Salah, however, is expected to stay despite his contract winding down. TalkSPORT pundit Bent believes Liverpool would be better off selling Salah than former Southampton star Mane. "I think out of the two you'd rather keep Mane," Bent said on talkSPORT. "He just fits into what they do really, really well. As I said, he never seems to cause any trouble. READ MORE: Man Utd hero Scholes backs ruthless Erik ten Hag decisions - 'Expect them to be gone' "He always has a smile on his face, always works incredibly hard. He is so important to that Liverpool side. They'd miss him if he left. Obviously left wing is his best position, but even as a centre-forward he has played there 28 times and scored 19 goals. "And that's not his natural position, it's unbelievable. Obviously his best position is left-wing, 80 goals he's scored. And he scored 21 coming from the right side." With both having a year left on their contracts, Liverpool transfer chiefs will be looking to renew their contracts before risking losing them for free at the end of the 2022-23 season. Salah has had reported interest from Barcelona, Real Madrid and Paris Saint-Germain with a cut-price deal on the cards. Luis Diaz has hit the ground running since his January move, but Klopp will not want to see either Salah or Mane go. Responding to reports that Mane could leave for Bayern on Friday, Klopp said: "Sadio is in the shape of his life. It's a joy to watch him at the moment. Football asks a lot of him this year. I couldn't care less about the Bayern rumours. "He knows how important it is. No concerns. It’s not the first time in my career Bayern have been talking about my players before a final"