Cain (played by Jeff Hordley) and Chas (Lucy Pargeter) were left horrified in the latest episode of Emmerdale, having discovered Faith Dingle (Sally Dexter) had slept with Dan Spencer (Liam Fox). The pair were willing to put the past behind them and build new relationships with their mother but she set herself back another few steps with her dalliance with their neighbour. However, ahead of the ITV soap's flash-forward episodes next week, Faith was seen talking to an unknown character, asking them to stay away from her. Could this be her third child who she had in secret years ago and has been in contact with over the past few weeks? The episode mainly focused on Faith trying to apologise for her latest actions, knowing she crossed a line because she was under the influence of alcohol. It's fair to say Cain was not best pleased his son, Kyle Winchester (Huey Quinn), could have found his grandmother having sex with their neighbour at the allotment. As she used to be married to Dan, Chas was also left baffled by her mother's behaviour and they both gave her full force of their wrath. Talking with each other about the situation, Chas was starting to warm towards Faith slightly as she told her brother: "You could just let this go." Noticing her brother was angry with quite a few villagers, the Woolpack bar manager listed off a whole reel of names before Cain brought her back to their mother's antics. READ MORE: Countryfile viewers slam Adam Henson over horrifying lamb segment "Are you happy with the way she is carrying on? I mean some grandmother," he said in a tone of rage, with his sister replying: "We don't have to be happy with everything she does." Cain added: "I don't like anything she does. I let her spend some time with Kyle, against my better judgement and then within five minutes, she's having it off with the first bloke she sees. "It's not normal," he continued, with his sister commenting: "Listen, I wasn't very happy about it myself, believe me. But she is who she is." The brother and sister duo have always known their mother has got herself into trouble but what they might not realise is how much heartache she had to ensure in her past. With Faith walking in on the conversation, she and Cain butted heads, with the latter ending the conversation by saying: "You know the best thing you did for all those years was keep away but you had to mess that up, didn't you?" Before the credits rolled, Faith was taking a walk around the village, seemingly wanting to think about her latest behaviour. However, she received a phone call from an unknown character and as she spoke to them, viewers were given a glimpse of her in the action-packed flash-forward week. In a state of distress, she was speaking to the person who had been on the phone with her, saying: "You don't just get to rock up and tell me what to do because I won't do it, I can't do it. "Just leave me alone," she declared before the scene went back to the present day where she was still on the phone with the supposed stranger. "Anyone would think I'd been avoiding you," she concluded, with viewers now left on the edge of their seats as to whether she was talking to a former villager or someone completely new. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Rebecca Sarker left 'bruised and battered' after tough day [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock's emotional farewell as co-star leaves soap [COMMENT]Zoe Henry's gripe with husband Jeff Hordley's Cain Dingle - 'Fuming!' [COMMENT] It could be the sop bosses are planning on bringing in her eldest son, who she gave birth to before Cain and Chas were born. This pregnancy could have happened when she was a teenager and knowing she couldn't support the child as a single mother, she could have given up for adoption. The father could have been a complete stranger and they might have been the ones to have taken Faith's virginity, making her pregnancy even more of a shock. She could have spent years trying to bury her secret but the child could have come looking for her whilst she was away from the village in 2020. Away from prying eyes, she could have met up with her son and explained why she had to give him up as a baby and how she'd hoped he'd had a good life. However, with Cain and Chas nonetheless wiser to the fact they could have an older brother, she wouldn't of wanted them to know about her past. Therefore, Faith could have instructed her son to stay away from her as although she was happy he was ok, she didn't want her past and present to collide. Having spent years waiting to meet his birth mother, the character could have been desperate to spend more time with her. This could have led him to track her down in the village of Emmerdale and having spotted him lurking around, Faith could have apprehended him before her two youngest children found out. How will they react if they discover she has been hiding a secret brother away from them for all these years and will they accept the newcomer? It was teased by show producer Laura Shaw Faith has been hiding a secret from Cain and Chas which is going to explode in the coming weeks. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press, the soap boss explained: "Faith has a huge, big and shocking secret. "That’s revealed to Moira [Barton], and she becomes the one who discovers it first, there are some touching scenes between those two coming up. "Cain and Chas is our most loved sibling pairing. They have a lot going on as Faith’s secret from the big week will impact them. "We’re about to start shooting a special episode that made me cry. It explores more of their rich history and how their upbringing hugely affects the decisions they make in the present. "Beyond this, we will certainly see that not all the decisions are good ones," she added but will this include hiding away a secret son? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.