The Repair Shop is back on BBC One with an episode celebrating the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. Jay Blades and his team will be restoring items with a royal connection back to life. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the TV presenter, including whether he has children. Jay Blades and the other experts are excited to bring four treasured heirlooms back to their former glory in the upcoming episode of The Repair Shop. The presenter has won over the hearts of fans as he has candidly spoken about his humble beginnings and personal difficulties throughout his life. He has become a household name after starring in a number of new specials, including Jay Blades: Learning To Read at 51 and Jay Blades: No Place Like Home. The star was raised in East London and is one of 26 children on his father's side. He has opened up about his dyslexia, which was not diagnosed until later on in life. READ MORE: The Repair Shop's Jay Blades details Tower of London restoration One of the reasons why he wanted to learn to read was so he could read to his children. He has three children, a daughter from his marriage and two children from previous relationships. The presenter shares teenage daughter Zola with ex-wife Jade and she joined drama school in 2020. However, he said he did not have any plans to have children of his own with his current partner, Lisa Marie Zbozen. In a previous interview, Jay said at the age of 25 he had two other children with different partners. The Daily Mail quoted him as saying: "I didn't even think about settling down. "Growing up, I only knew of two families where the mum and dad were married. "I loved the ladies I was with but things didn't work out and I moved on, even though I always stayed in touch with my children. "I didn't want to be like my father." DON'T MISS...Jay Blades: The Repair Shop star left 'broken' amid struggles [INSIGHT] Jay Blades issues warning over The Repair Shop's success [INTERVIEW] Jay Blades' gushes over 'supportive' partner who 'softens blow' [INSIGHT] After learning to read, Jay received a letter from his daughter Zola, who lives in Turkey with his ex-wife, Jade. “Reading is something most people do every day and I didn’t know it would mean so much to me. It grabs you emotionally. “It was the first letter Zola had ever sent me — she had never sent one before because she knew I couldn’t read it. “Reading her letter gave me everything I’d ever wanted but didn’t think I would ever experience,” he told The Sun. As he was unable to read to Zola when she was a child, he was keen to have the chance to share stories with her. He said: “I have three kids. I was there when all of them were born but Zola is the one I lived with from a little baby. "One of the things I wanted to do as soon as she was born was read stories to her. But I never did." He used to make up stories that went with the pictures in Zola's books, pretending to read what was written on the pages. The star is now glad to be able to share such special moments with his daughter.  The Repair Shop returns with a Jubilee Special on BBC One on Wednesday at 8pm.