The Essex Serpent is based on the novel of the same name by Sarah Perry which came out in 2016. Following the story of Cora Seaborne (played by Claire Danes) as she makes the move from London to Essex, she soon finds herself at the heart of a witch hunt. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the cast of The Essex Serpent. Cora Seaborne is a widow who decides to leave her life in London behind to start afresh. As well as the death of her husband, the move to Essex is prompted by the need to investigate reports of a mythical serpent. However, when tragedy soon strikes, the locals start pointing the finger at Cora, accusing her of attracting the creature to their town. Actress Claire Danes famously played Carrie Mathison in the Showtime drama Homeland for eight seasons. The award-winning actress has also been in Romeo + Juliet with Leonardo Dicaprio, Stardust, My So-Called Life and The Hours. READ MORE: Colin Murray to replace Anne Robinson on Countdown in temporary role Starring opposite Danes in The Essex Serpent is actor Tom Hiddleston as village vicar Will Ransome. When Cora moves to the small town, she has no one to confide in before meeting Will who soon becomes a trusted friend of hers. Actor Hiddleston has gained international fame for his portrayal of Loki in the Marvel Cinematic Universe as well as his own series on Disney+. Some of his other parts have been in The Hollow Crown, The Night Manager and Kong: Skull Island. Luke Garrett is a talented surgeon who befriends Cora during her late husband's final days. But what part will he play as she moves to Essex to begin her new investigation? Actor Frank Dillane has been in Heart of the Sea, Fear of the Walking Dead and The Girlfriend Experience. He also played a young Tom Riddle in Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince. DON'T MISS...The Games viewers 'switch off' as they blast Holly Willoughby show [REACTION]Blood Sisters season 2: Kola star discusses show’s future  [CAST]Death in Paradise's Tahj recalls co-stars disastrous audition for role [EXPLAINER] Stella is the wife of vicar Will and mother to their three children. She is described as a delicate woman who tends to abstain from long walks which her husband will go on with Cora. Actress Clemence Poesy is another Harry Potter alumni as she played Fleur Delacour in the magical film franchise. Besides from this, Poesy has been in War and Peace, Ten Percent, In Bruges and 127 Hours. Dr George Spencer is a friend of Luke Garrett who finds himself gaining feelings for Cora's maidservant. Actor Jamael Westman has been in Anne Boleyn and On the Edge but he initially started off in the theatre. He originated the title role of Alexander Hamilton in the West End production of Hamilton. The Essex Serpent premieres on Friday, May 13, on Apple TV+.