Prince Harry, 37, and Meghan Markle, 40, have not made any clear indications on whether they will be returning to the UK to celebrate the Queen's 70 years of public service after visiting the monarch last month. It has been claimed the Duke and Duchess of Sussex received an invite to join the Royal Family on the balcony, the Daily Telegraph reported. But a royal commentator has said their appearance at the event is "lose-lose". Speaking to Us Weekly's Royally Us, royal watcher Kate Nason said: "Harry and Meghan shouldn't go to the Queen's Jubilee as it will take the attetion away from the Queen. "No one in the family needs to be upset by them again." Host Christine Ross added: "I think this is lose-lose. "I think she makes a really good point that really if they don't go, the attention will absolutely be on but if they do go, the attention will be on them. READ MORE: Royal Family: Meghan Markle and Harry face 'complete disaster' "It's just lose-lose. Either way this whole story is taking away from the Queen's celebrations." It comes as the Queen will miss the royal garden party season and be represented by other members of her family, Buckingham Palace has said. The head of state, who has mobility issues, has missed a number of major events this year but has been carrying out virtual engagements and her other duties. Garden parties will be staged from next week for the first time in three years and are important events in the royal calendar as those who have served their country or communities are invited to the monarch's home. Buckingham Palace said: "Her Majesty The Queen will be represented by other members of the royal family at this year's garden parties, with details on attendance to be confirmed in due course." The Queen attended a service commemorating the life of the Duke of Edinburgh in March with senior royals and a congregation of hundreds. She reached her Platinum Jubilee in February, overcame a bout of Covid after testing positive that month, and celebrated her 96th birthday privately on April 21 at her Sandringham estate. Last October, the Queen spent a night in hospital and spent the following three months under doctors' orders to only conduct light duties and missed a number of prominent events. DON'T MISS Princess Eugenie's podcast project questioned over Andrew's row [INSIGHT]Princess Anne had press scared to ask simple question on outing [VIDEO]Meghan and Harry 'need to keep royal branding' to ensure 'relevance' [ANALYSIS] The Queen has been using a walking stick in public since she attended a service marking the centenary of the Royal British Legion last October. It is understood the key factor in other members of the royal family being asked to represent the Queen was the length of time royal hosts spend standing during garden parties which last well over an hour. The events will be staged at Buckingham Palace on May 11, 18 and 25, and the Palace of Holyroodhouse in Edinburgh will be the venue for a party on June 29. The Queen has given permission for the annual garden party for forces charity The Not Forgotten Association, which supports disabled veterans and serving wounded, to take place at her official London home on May 12, hosted by the organisation's patron the Princess Royal.