Average house prices have now reached in excess of £250,000, according to Zoopla, after a bumper two years for the market. The annual rate of growth in house prices is now at 8.4 percent, although this is down from nine percent in March and April, showing that house prices are finally beginning to slow down which is excellent news for prospective buyers. The Zoopla report, published on May 30, reads: “As ever, the annual rate of house price growth is not even across the country. “For the 15th consecutive month, Wales leads the way, with 11.6 percent annual growth in house prices. “However, this marks a decline from the 13 percent price growth registered in February. “Average house prices are up 10.5 percent on the year in the South West, and 10.2 percent in the East Midlands. READ MORE: Stamp Duty reliefs to consider after homes pushed into higher bracket “Bringing up the rear in terms of price growth is London, with 3.6 percent growth on the year” In terms of cities, Nottingham has been leading the way for the growth in house prices. The midlands city has seen house prices rise by 10 percent in the year to April 2022, closely following by Liverpool at 9.9 percent. Also underpinning the sharp growth of the last two years are smaller towns and cities, with Warrington out in front on 12.9 percent growth, Wigan close behind with 12.2 percent and Rochdale has registered 11.6 percent growth. The report continues: “These growth rates underline the trends that have emerged strongly since the pandemic - some of the most affordable housing markets have seen the biggest price growth as there is more room for values to rise.” But it’s not all bad news for buyers, as the report pointed out the market is finally calming down. Data from Zoopla showed the length it is taking to agree a purchase/sale of a home is increasing. DON'T MISS'Works great!' Mrs Hinch fans share trick to clean inside of radiator [INSIGHT]‘Effective’ ways to get rid of mice in homes with natural scents [EXPLAINER]Best colour to paint a room to look bigger that's not white [INSIGHT] For example, it now takes an average of 20 days to sell a three-bedroom house, up from 17 days in March 2022. The report reads: “The market is still busy and there are still high levels of buyer demand, but a quick comparison year on year shows a softening in demand for family homes outside London.” Asking prices have also started to take a hit, with Zoopla finding one in 20 listings, or 5.1 percent, have been re-priced in the last month - up from 4.7 percent in April. The report explains: “The average price reduction is 9 percent, which, when applied to the average property price, equates to a reduction of around £22,500.” It also found one in 20 properties listed on Zoopla has been re-priced by at least five percent this in April 2022. “This indicates that even in a market with high levels of buyer demand, where plenty of sales are being agreed based off the original asking price, there is resistance from buyers around pricing in some instances, which will start to slow the level of price growth. “We do expect the rate of price growth to ease – on a monthly basis price growth has already moderated. “A continuation of this trend, with some monthly declines, will mean annual price growth will reach +3 percent by year end.”