Netflix crime series Ozark finished recently when season four, part two was released with the remaining episodes from the crime drama. The show saw the body count rise with anyone getting in the way of the Byrdes being eliminated swiftly. Since season one there have been many victims of Marty (played by Jason Bateman) and Wendy Byrde (Laura Linney) who were killed off. But who was responsible for the murder of Cade Langmore (Trevor Long)? Cade became a liability in Ozark season two after he tried to take down the Byrdes. He approached disgraced FBI agent Roy Petty (Jason Butler Harner) and claimed he had dirt on the crime couple. Unfortunately, Petty simply dismissed him and refused to listen to Cade which in turn enraged him. Cade brutally murdered Petty and did a poor job of trying to hide the body. READ MORE: Ozark season 3 ending explained: What happened at the end? He later tried to blackmail Wendy, who gave him a payout to leave town for good. Cade took the money but as he drove off into the sunset, he was abruptly stopped by another vehicle blocking the road. The obstacle appeared to be a man, who had apparently hit a dog while driving and had pulled over to look at the dead animal. Angered by his delay to leave his old life behind with a holdall full of cash, Cade got out of his truck and started yelling at the man. READ MORE: Is there a season 5 of Ozark? Show's future explained Cade was promptly shot dead with the man taking the money and leaving the scene, revealing all of this had been set up by Wendy. Wendy had ordered the Navarro Cartel’s hitman Nelson (Nelson Bonilla) to kill Cade, so he no longer posed a threat. Although Nelson was the one to pull the trigger, it was essentially Wendy who had signed his death sentence. In season three, Ruth had her suspicions confirmed about the people responsible for Cade’s death after her boyfriend Ben Davis (Tom Pelphrey) was murdered in a hit organised by Wendy. DON'T MISS...Ozark: Why did Ruth Langmore really join Darlene Snell? [INTERVIEW]Ozark: Why did Tom Pelphrey really leave Ozark as Ben Davis? [ANALYSIS]Ozark: Will Helen Pierce's daughter Erin be killed amid shock finale? [THEORY] Ruth even approached Nelson about murdering her father, but he was met with stone-cold silence from the assassin. Cade’s death is likely to have repercussions going forward which appear to have already been put in motion after Ruth handed in her notice to the Byrdes. She joined Darlene Snell (Lisa Emery), who is working with the KC Mob and is now a rival to the Byrdes. Ruth may also plan to take revenge on Wendy from killing two people she loved. Although Cade may have died, he made a comeback in a flashback. Season four of Ozark was the end of the road for the Byrdes as they faced their foes, namely Ruth and Darlene as well as the KC Mob. The tagline for the final outing is: "Your greatest threat will always come from the inside..." which hints at some major betrayal. Fans will have to wait until later this year for the last seven episodes including the grand finale. Ozark is streaming on Netflix now