Manchester United star Cristiano Ronaldo is reportedly a target for Real Madrid this summer. Unlike the year 2009, however, the Portugal international would cost the new La Liga champions just £10million. However, his departure would then likely pave the way for the Red Devils to recruit a younger centre-forward instead. Ronaldo has been in terrific form for United this season ever since returning from Juventus during the summer transfer window. The Portugal international has scored 23 goals across all competitions, considerably more than any of his team-mates. Yet with United set to be without Champions League football next term, it’s possible hell be shown the door. That, coupled with the fact Erik ten Hag will have his own ideas about the club’s attacking department, means Ronaldo’s future is up in the air. So, at a time where Ronaldo could leave for as little as £10million, it’s now time to look at four potential replacements the board can pursue. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Over the weekend, United were linked with Inter Milan star Lautaro Martinez. The Argentina international has scored 16 Serie A goals this term and, with Inter needing to make a big sale, could be shown the door. United have apparently failed with a swap deal that would have seen Anthony Martial head to the San Siro in the opposite direction. But Martinez, there’s no denying, would be a quality addition to this United side. Inter want straight cash for the former Racing star but, given how much money United have, that shouldn’t be too much of an obstacle. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Before this season, few had heard of Darwin Nunez. However, the 22-year-old is now regarded as one of Europe’s hottest prospects having scored 33 goals across all competitions this term. Nunez has already shown he can handle life in England, scoring against Liverpool in both legs of their recent Champions League tie. Arsenal and Chelsea have also been linked with the striker, who nearly joined West Ham in January. Yet United’s need is arguably greater and will grow higher if they allow Ronaldo to leave for a second time. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Ten Hag is likely to stick with players he likes and trusts when he takes over at United. But he could also try and bring a few Ajax stars with him, with Sebastien Haller one of the players linked. The Ivory Coast international previously struggled in the Premier League with West Ham, having impressed for Eintracht Frankfurt. But he’s rebuilt his career with Ajax, scoring an impressive 33 goals from 40 outings this term. Haller would be a gamble yet there’s no denying he’s shown considerable character since leaving the London Stadium nearly two years ago. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Sure, United want a young striker to lead their attack. But while Robert Lewandowski doesn’t fit into that bracket, he remains one of the best forwards on the entire planet. The Bayern Munich star could be on the move this summer, having failed to agree a new contract at the Allianz Arena. Barcelona are presently frontrunners in the race to land Lewandowski as they hunt a marquee attacker to fill the void left behind by Lionel Messi’s departure. Yet United have long admired Lewandowski and he’d certainly be an A-list replacement if Ronaldo was to go.