The Home Secretary took to Twitter after Khan announced he was using taxpayers money to launch a commission looking at whether cannabis should be legalised. She said: “Sadiq Khan’s time would be better spent focusing on knife and drug crime in London. The Mayor has no powers to legalise drugs. They ruin communities, tear apart families and destroy lives.” Energy minister Greg Hands, a London Conservative MP, quickly followed posting a Tweet supporting the Home Secretary and expressing his outrage at the London Mayor who made his announcement on a trip to the US at a cannabis farm in Los Angeles. The MP for Fulham and Chelsea said: “Priti is right and Mayor Khan is wrong. What is he [Khan] thinking, travelling all the way to Los Angeles to visit a cannabis farm?” The anger comes amid growing concerns that knife and drug crime have got out of control under the Labour London Mayor’s tenure in the capital. Mr Khan is on a trip to the US to supposedly promote London to American investors. But instead he ended up in a Californians cannabis farm to announce his new commission in an area which he has no power in. He claimed that the move could tackle drug related crime in London and the UK as a whole. READ MORE: Britain won't impose 'tit-for-tat' tariffs amid EU trade war concerns He said: The illegal drugs trade causes huge damage to our society and we need to do more to tackle this epidemic and further the debate around our drugs laws. “That’s why I am here today in LA, to see first-hand the approach they have taken to cannabis.” The commission will be chaired by former Lord Chancellor and friend of Tony Blair, lord Falconer. The Labour peer said: “I’m honoured to have been appointed chair of the London drugs commission. We need rigorously to identify what is the best approach to reduce harm to our communities. “A national debate is long overdue. We aim to make recommendations to bring about effective and lasting change.” DON'T MISS No stopping us now! Boris given legal sign off to rip up Brexit deal [REVEAL] John Curtice delivers brutal blow to Boris on Tory strongholds [REACT] 'Time the Tory Party grew-up and started actually running the country' [INSIGHT]  However, critics have pointed out that young lives have been lost to knife crime under Khan’s watch as mayor with little being done to tackle the problem. In 2021 the spital had its worst year for knife crime with 30 boys and young men killed.