With summer fast approaching, it is that time of year when millions look for the best products to remove body hair. Waxing can be painful, shaving can result in ingrown hairs and cuts, while laser is an expensive alternative. If you’re looking to be hair-free, there is a new product on the market that is not only easy to use but pain-free - and it delivers fantastic results. Beauty expert Sarah Jossel recently spoke about the crystal hair remover stone, a “painless exfoliation hair removal tool for men and woman”. It has been described as a “fast and easy magic crystal hair remover” which reveals “soft smooth silk skin”. During an appearance on ITV’s This Morning last week, Sarah explained: “This has gone viral on TikTok. “All you do is rub it and it literally clumps the hair and breaks the hair off.” READ MORE: Most ‘flattering’ hairstyle to achieve an instant ‘facelift’ “That’s amazing - it removes all the hair!” Alison Hammond remarked. “It’s making me a bit dry though.” But Sarah advised moisturising after using the product. As for how long the product lasts, and whether it needs changing regularly, Sarah said: “One to three years!” “It’s like you’re sandpapering your body,” Alison explained. DON'T MISS...Area full of ‘grease and dirt’ that’s ‘often missed’ when cleaning [EXCLUSIVE]Queen Elizabeth enjoys cucumber sandwiches with unusual herb inside [VIDEO]June 2022 horoscope: What’s in store for each star sign? [ASTROLOGER] In terms of how it works, the product description says: “With Nano-Crystalline technology, this magic crystal hair eraser will break the hairs from the skin surface when rubbed gently on the skin in a circular motion for a hair-free body. “Made of ultra-fine nano glass, blade-free and no recharges are required, this crystal hair remover will not damage your skin. “During the process of painless hair remover, this crystal hair eraser can also help you to exfoliate, brighten your complexion and smooth to the touch. “The crystal hair eraser can be used on most parts of your body, such as arms, legs, chest, and back, etc.” The brand does suggest not “overusing” or “rubbing too hard” and “it's better to try it on your arms/legs first before you using it on some delicate parts”. The Lsvisul Crystal Hair Remover Stone is only £7.99 on Amazon. So what do consumers think? One Amazon customer wrote: “Lovely product, removes hair very quickly and leaves smooth skin. No irritation afterwards either. Would recommend!” Miss A K Towers gave the product four out of five starts and said: “Wanted to try this to take on last minute holiday. “AMAZING! Can’t believe it actually works, wouldn’t work as well on thick hair I don’t think but medium to fine hairs buff off in seconds. My husband thought I’d bought a piece of rubbish but after a quick demo he was getting me to do his back.” Livvi rated it five stars and explained why: “This leaves your skin so smooth and silky. Add some moisturiser after and it’s leave it feeling so good.” Oana added: “I wasn’t sure this will work, but it works great. Is not painful or discomfort.” Another said: “I had seen these advertised and thought they were too good to be true, but decided to give it a go. What did I have to lose? £12 if it was rubbish. My legs have never felt so smooth, and even better none of that awful bobbly strawberry looking pimple affect I usually get once I have shaved.”