American-British financier and political activist Bill Browder spoke exclusively to the Express about what he sees Putin doing next. The war in Ukraine has been raging for over two months, and peace talks between neighbouring Ukraine and Russia have been stalled, which means there is still no end in sight. Mr Browder explained what he thought Putin would do next during the war in Ukraine and predicted an escalation of violence. Putin's enemy Mr Browder went on to explain that he believes there will be a shocking dramatic unexpected action from Russia, that will overwhelm the West. Mr Browder said: "Putin only knows how to escalate, I believe that there will be a dramatic escalation. "A heartbreaking escalation, at the moment Putin looks weak and incompetent in his invasion of Ukraine and my feeling is that he needs to change that perception. "And the way to change that perception is to do something so vicious, so unexpected and so heartbreaking. "That we all are sort of completely overwhelmed by our reaction." JUST IN: Helen Skelton missing from Countryfile as husband 'jets abroad with new love interest' Russia has already been accused of many war crimes against Ukrainian civilians, as chemical weapons have been used. And violent massacres and rapes have been committed on the people of Ukraine by Russian forces. Many worry that Putin will unleash more violence in the form of more chemical weapons or a nuclear attack as he has already threatened to subdue any country he considers an enemy that interferes in his ongoing invasion of Ukraine. Western Governments are working hard to track and document the war crimes, so that Putin and his servicemen can be held accountable after the war.  READ MORE: Putin's nuclear threat exposed: How UK, US and their allies could retaliate with force Foreign Secretary Liz Truss has been working to de-escalate the war by imposing tough financial sanctions on Russia. British Prime Minister Boris Johnson slammed the Russian massacre on the Ukrainian town of Bucha, where hundreds were killed brutally and indiscriminately. Ukrainian civilian bodies were found on the ground in the same passion they were executed in, whilst others were found in mass open graves. Mr Johnson said: “We will not rest until justice is served.” “Russia’s despicable attacks against innocent civilians in Irpin and Bucha are yet more evidence that Putin and his army are committing war crimes. “No denial or disinformation from the Kremlin can hide what we all know to be the truth – Putin is desperate, his invasion is failing, and Ukraine’s resolve has never been stronger. “I will do everything in my power to starve Putin’s war machine. We are stepping up our sanctions and military support as well as bolstering our humanitarian support.”  