Lewis Hamilton has reminded fans of the time he won a European karting title despite suffering from a broken wrist. In 2001, and already tipped as a future F1 star, a 15-year-old Hamilton was competing in the Formula Super A Championship, having already signed up to a role in the McLaren driver development programme. But his chances of a title win, and a future under Ron Dennis, came under threat when the teenager injured himself in an incident away from the track. Rather than admit his full diagnosis to team bosses, he instead covered up the injury and continued to race, effectively without the use of one hand. Fast forward 22 years and the Mercedes man is enduring a torrid time in this new era of F1. Despite finishing third in Bahrain on the opening day of the season, he and teammate George Russell have been plagued by the issue of porpoising, and been way off the pace of front-runners Ferrari and Red Bull, although there were signs of promise in Barcelona over the weekend. The timing of his latest Instagram post could be considered poignant. And after an improved display in Spain, where Hamilton recovered from a first-lap puncture to finish fifth, it served as a reminder to fans that he's not one to walk away from a challenge. JUST IN: F1 CEO has glasses broken by former driver during charity football match "When I was 15 I fell off my bike and hurt my wrist," he wrote. "The next day I was in so much pain I walked myself to the hospital where doctors told me it was broken and I needed a cast. I had just started the European Formula A championship and this meant I wouldn’t be able to compete. "I was so terrified, I could not afford to lose my McLaren contract. So I did what I had to do: had the cast removed, put on a lighter weight one, and raced one handed. I won that championship." The seven-time F1 world champion then likened that adversity to the situation he's facing now, and vowed he will continue to fight on after his turbulent start to the 2022 campaign. DON'T MISS:Christian Horner insists Max Verstappen isn’t ‘unbeatable’ despite 100 per cent recordMcLaren boss makes damning Daniel Ricciardo claim as Lando Norris outclassing AussieMartin Brundle would risk Sergio Perez anger and make same call as Red Bull boss Horner "I’ve known since then that I can overcome anything when I fight for it. Whether it’s driving with an injured wrist or fighting my way up the grid like I did last weekend. The same is true for you. Fight for what you want. You’ll get it." The post went down well with fans, with @portix_art commenting "You are a true champion Lewis," while @username_aadi added:  "Inspiration." @hamiltoncrew added: "Proving the impossible, possible since the karting days!!!"