The 26-year-old man checked into his EasyJet flight at the airport for a 10-day holiday in Greece when police were made aware of his whereabouts. He was enjoying a pint in the airport bar when officers arrested him and took him to Preston station to be questioned. Chorley Police were notified of his presence and Greater Manchester Police attended the airport and found the man as he was returning from the toilet to finish his pint, Lancashire Live reported. Unknown to the expectant holiday goer, the Police National Computer at the airport check-in and had alerted the airport workers he was wanted. Shortly after, officers from the Chorley police force were driving on the M61 towards Manchester Airport.  Sergeant Paul Harrison, of Chorley and South Ribble Taskforce, explained: "Today a 26-year-old male who had checked in at Manchester Airport ready for 10 days in the sun on an EasyJet flight to Greece. "The male was excited. "Had picked up his passport the day before and was ready for a last-minute extravaganza. "So happy to be there he decided to go to the bar and enjoy a pint of lager. READ MORE: Met Police dog dies in line of duty "Unfortunately for this male, his days were about to turn to ruins. "He was wanted on Police National Computer in connection with an incident in Chorley. "Chorley police were notified and the great Neighbourhood task force attended the airport with Greater Manchester Police. DON'T MISS: Liverpool vs Real Madrid Champions League final delayed by 15 minutes [INSIGHT]'Police is a safe haven for thugs' Mina Smallman calls for change [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan slams French police for ‘tear gassing’ Liverpool fans [COMMENT] "They scoured the area for the suspect only to find him returning from the toilet to finish off his lager. "The male was duly arrested and taken to Preston Custody instead of the beautiful sights of Greece. Sgt Harrison added: "The moral of the story is this... do not commit crime in Chorley or Lancashire. We will find you and it may be at the most inconvenient of times." Additional reporting by Adam Maidment and Melissa Major -Man arrested at Manchester Airport while enjoying pint ahead of Greece holiday