Juventus could be willing to hand Arsenal a fresh opportunity to land January target Arthur Melo this summer but not without a major catch, according to reports. The Gunners were heavily linked with Arthur throughout the mid-season transfer window but ultimately failed to bring him to the Emirates Stadium in spite of their best efforts. Arsenal director Edu reportedly managed to agree a deal to land Arthur in January before the proposed switch was eventually blocked by the club's hierarchy. It seems as though the Brazil international could finally be on the move over the coming months, though, with Juventus keen to engineer a swap deal that would see Gabriel Magalhaes go the other way, according to Gianluca di Marzio.It is claimed that Juventus are hoping to land Gabriel, who has featured in every Premier League match for Arsenal since the end of August, in the not-too-distant future. The Italian giants have reportedly devised a plan to tempt the Gunners by negotiating the services of Arthur when they eventually decide to firm up their interest in Gabriel ahead of next season.However, it remains to be seen whether Arsenal will be prepared to allow Gabriel to leave the club in exchange for Arthur when the bidding opens at the end of the campaign. The Brazilian defender has established himself as a mainstay for the Gunners since joining the club from Lille in the summer of 2020 and remains tied down for another three years after signing a long-term deal upon his arrival in north London. JUST IN: Man Utd target Frenkie de Jong ‘put up for sale’ by Barcelona for £58m Arsenal will be desperate to keep hold of their most important players between now and the start of next season in order to prepare for a renewed top-four challenge in the Premier League at the very next time of asking. Mikel Arteta has already insisted that it will be crucial to get things right in the market over the coming months as he looks to build on what has been a promising campaign by improving his ranks ahead of the new season."I think now is the moment we have to go to a different level," Arteta recently told Sky Sports when quizzed on whether the upcoming summer transfer window will be more important than last year's equivalent. "We have been able to get the squad balance in a much better shape. Financially, we are in a much more stable position with the money we have spent on certain players touching the pitch for a certain amount of minutes."That balance is much better spread out across the squad and now is the moment to raise the quality." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here