Bargain Hunt is back on BBC One this week and viewers will be seeing Gary Pe in upcoming episodes. The antiques fanatic, from the Philippines, will be on hand to offer his expertise. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the TV star. Gary Pe calls himself an "accidental Bargain Hunt expert" on Twitter. The star is also a huge supporter of animals and nature when he is not on the antiques show. He loves to travel and describes himself as a "restless wanderer", which is why he loves touring the country with the Bargain Hunt team so much. On how he ended up in the antiques trade, he said: "It was almost pre-ordained. "Both my parents came from a small town on a tiny island in the Philippines called Marinduque, where I spent my childhood summers. READ MORE: Raj Bisram wife: Is the Bargain Hunt expert married? "Many homes there were centuries old, constructed in the Spanish colonial style, and filled with objects and furnishings that had been passed on from generation to generation. "There is a very strong storytelling tradition on the island and many tales would revolve around these objects and the people that used to own them. "No one had more dusty old things and was a better storyteller than my grandmother Rosario." His grandmother would often tell him stories about the treasures she had collected and his fascination grew stronger over time. Yet his mind was not always set on antiques as he has tested many professions in the past. He worked as a DJ in Manila before trying his hand at theatre, finance and administration. Fans may also be interested to hear he worked as a singer at a piano bar in Montreal and still has a passion for jazz singing. He received a call from the Bargain Hunt team out of the blue as the show was looking for new faces from different backgrounds to take part. The star opened up about one of his biggest regrets over the years when he spoke to Source Vintage. DON'T MISS...Philip Serrell children: Does the Bargain Hunt expert have children? [EXPLAINER] What did Roo Irvine do before Bargain Hunt? [INSIGHT] Natasha Raskin Sharp thanks taxi driver after 'cutting it fine' [VIDEO] He said: "When I was living in Montreal, I amassed a large collection of Moorcroft ceramics, which included rare and early patterns, many with Tudric pewter mounts. "An enormous quantity ended up in the city before the war, probably brought in by British ex-pats who settled there. "I was buying them at garage sales (a great North American weekend tradition) for almost next to nothing. "I sold them all before moving to the UK in 1992, fearing breakages if I took them with me. Big mistake." On a more positive note, he revealed one of his favourite finds was a Picasso ceramic wall plaque in a junk shop in Sweden. The star said: "That ended up being sold by Christie's in New York. "More recently, I found a Lucie Rie vase in an open-air flea market in Copenhagen. I'm hanging on to that one, for now." As for his personal life, the TV presenter has not given much away. He did share a link to his YouTube channel, so fans can witness him singing - his other passion in life.  Bargain Hunt airs on BBC One at 12.15pm.