Netflix’s highly anticipated crime series Ozark returned to screens with the second part of season four last week. As well as seeing their favourite character’s fate, viewers also saw Ben Davis (played by Tom Pelphrey) make his comeback in an unexpected flashback, which left them heartbroken.  After part one came to an end in January fans had been eagerly awaiting the release of the finale to find out whether or not the Byrde family would make it out of Missouri alive. Throughout season four, Marty Byrde (Jason Bateman) and his wife Wendy (Laura Linney) were trying to find a way out of their deal with the Navarro cartel. Back in season one, Marty had agreed to launder $500 million in five years for the cartel, after he watched his business partner be killed when a business deal went wrong. As a result, he relocated his family from Chicago to the Missouri Ozarks and after five years they were prepared to put the life of crime behind them. READ MORE: TalkTV's James Max shocked as caller cuts off heating to save money In their pursuit to launder as much money as possible, a number of people were killed including Wendy’s brother Ben. He made an impromptu visit to the Ozark, and after discovering his family was laundering money, it cost him his life. This was a result of Ben coming off his bipolar medication and his mental health beginning to take a toll on him. He became overwhelmed and told Helen Pierce’s (Janet McTeer) daughter Erin her mother was a lawyer for the cartel.  Knowing he wasn’t able to keep a secret and threatened to expose the entire cartel, Helen put a hit on him. Although Wendy tried to go on the run with him, she soon noticed his mental health had worsened and exposed his location to Helen, who sent her henchman to kill him in season three. This is why viewers were shocked to see Ben make a comeback in episode 10. As the instalment gave fans an insight into the moments leading up to his death, many fans took to Twitter upset, they had to relive his tragic death.  DON'T MISS...Tom Cruise jibes at James Corden after quitting Late Show [INSIGHT]Ozark’s Laura Linney ‘wouldn’t be satisfied’ with series ending [INSIGHT]Ozark theory: Who did Jonah shoot in Ozark? [THEORY] A triggered @DoublefphotoNY wrote: “Why they making us relive what happened to Ben?!” @asemota added: “They didn't have to bring Ben's killing up again [Ozark] is brutal.” While an angry @LadyDevilDog64 tweeted: “A big FU to [Ozark] for making us relive what happened to Ben, I hope you die Wendy Byrde.” A fourth @MelodyM1978 stated: “I wish I could unsee the flashback to how Ben's life ended in his final moments, poor guy crying broke my heart.”  @iTossSteel disclosed: “Man that series of scenes where the show Ben’s execution was just gut-wrenching” @EldestMillennia shared: “Wow. Thanks [Ozark] for destroying my heart by showing us what happened when Ben died.” By bringing Ben back in the flashback scene, fans were finally able to see how Ben died as the season three moment followed Wendy as she broke down in the car. Sadly for fans, this was the final season of Ozark and while many have called for a spin-off show, bosses have yet to confirm anything. Ozark is available on Netflix. 