Real Madrid are ‘increasingly keen’ on the idea of a reunion with Cristiano Ronaldo, according to reports. The Manchester United star has been in outstanding form this season, netting 23 times despite a troublesome campaign under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. But, despite his impressive performances, his long-term future at Old Trafford is shrouded in uncertainty. Ronaldo has been a shining light amid a difficult campaign for United, scoring more goals than any other player at Old Trafford. And, now, The Sunday Mirror say Real Madrid are eyeing a sensational reunion with the Portugal international at the end of the season. Though Kylian Mbappe is their priority, Los Blancos feel Ronaldo would bring ‘guaranteed goals’ to the team. He was certainly deadly during his nine-year stint in Spain, scoring 451 goals from 438 appearances. Ronaldo also propelled them to four Champions League titles in 2014, 2016, 2017 and 2018 before leaving for Juventus. Real chiefs previously let Ronaldo go four years ago because they felt he was entering the twilight years of his career. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings But his performances for United this term suggest the 37-year-old has plenty left in the tank. Real would be happy to give Ronaldo plenty of action, despite Karim Benzema currently being the focal point of their attack. And while the United star is contracted to the Red Devils until 2023, there’s no guarantee he’ll stay put. It’s going to be a new era at Old Trafford this summer, with Erik ten Hag set to replace Rangnick at the end of the campaign. And Ronaldo’s position under the Dutchman is unclear. United also want to recruit a young forward this summer to bolster their attack, with Darwin Nunez one of the players linked. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag And it’s hard to imagine the former Sporting Lisbon star playing second fiddle to anybody, especially given his ruthlessness in front of goal. Back in 2009, when Ronaldo first left United, Real had to pay a massive £80million to secure his signature. But, this time around, the report says Florentino Perez’s team would have to spend a mere £10m on an upfront fee. What ultimately happens remains to be seen. But Real would be able to give Ronaldo the chance to play in the Champions League, something United can’t following their dire campaign. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Instead, the Red Devils are looking increasingly set to be strutting their stuff in the UEFA Conference League or Europa League next term. And they’re two competitions Ronaldo has never played in during the course of his glittering career. Meanwhile, Sky Sports pundit Paul Merson would be surprised if Ronaldo ended up staying at United. “This might be Cristiano Ronaldo’s last year in the Premier League,” said Merson. “He will want to play in the Champions League as he’s played in it all his career. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “I’d be surprised if Erik ten Hag wants him there, to be honest. He’s trying to build his team and Ronaldo is 37.” And Merson also thinks Ronaldo would be a good signing for PSG. “PSG could go for him and make him their short-term replacement for Kylian Mbappe,” added the former Arsenal and Portsmouth star. “PSG only want one thing and that is the Champions League. Ronaldo is a proven asset in that competition. “He’s scored goals, he sells shirts, he’s done it all. Ligue 1 is an easy league – and Ronaldo will be able to focus on the Champions League at PSG. “With Lionel Messi already at the club, we may well see two of the greatest players of all time playing for the same team.”