An unlucky motorist paid £7,000 for a Ford Focus that was advertised on Facebook and turned out to be stolen. As a result, the driver had to surrender the car to the police. Officers from the Central Motorway Police Group (CMPG) followed the cloned Ford Focus and stopped it without any issues in the West Midlands. The driver was then told the devastating news that the car was stolen. Officers have also issued a warning to anyone who is planning on purchasing new vehicles from unknown online sellers. Police said those wishing to buy motors from sellers who advertise on Facebook or other online sites must check that their purchase is legitimate. READ MORE: Drivers react to EU’s complete ban on petrol and diesel cars from 2035 They shared a picture of the car and details about the latest victim of the scam. Taking to Twitter, CMPG posted: "This cloned vehicle was seen by officers, it was followed/stopped without any issues. "PLEASE, PLEASE check before buying vehicles from Facebook or other sites. “The owner of this paid £7k and it's a stolen vehicle. 0090." DON'T MISS Motorists in a 'very difficult position' after red diesel ban [REVEAL]'Potentially fatal' hypermiling techniques are 'not worth it' [INSIGHT] Motorists may save hundreds of pounds despite new laws [ADVICE] The motorway cops - formed of officers from West Midlands Police and Staffordshire Police - are responsible for stopping crime on the region's roads and make them safer. They police the M5, M6, M6 Toll, M54, the Aston Expressway, the M42, and the A500. The news comes just after Staffordshire Police warned car owners to be extra vigilant after a spike in vehicle crimes this week. Drivers should ensure vehicles are locked and kept in secure areas with CCTV coverage after four separate reports of tool thefts from vehicles, worth almost £4,000, since Wednesday. A white Land Rover Evoke was taken without keys from the driveway of an address near Histons Hill, Codsall, at approximately 2.30am on Friday. CCTV inquiries revealed two masked men tampering with the Evoke before gaining entry and driving it away from the scene. On Wednesday, a Toyota Hilux was broken into on Borough Lane, Rugeley, where approximately £3,850 worth of tools were stolen, while on Thursday, chargeable batteries, power tools, and keys were stolen from multiple vehicles parked on London Road, Lichfield. A blue Peugeot was seen driving away from the scene towards the southern bypass. Later the same day, a white Ford Transit was targeted by thieves whilst parked near Bridgeman Way, Lichfield, with a Makita circular saw and angle grinder stolen. There were also thefts in Newcastle-under-Lyme and Burslem on Wednesday and Thursday. Chief Inspector David Wain, force lead for vehicle crime, said: “It is vital that drivers deter thieves from targeting their vehicles by ensuring all valuables are removed from vehicles overnight, particularly if you are using a company work van. “Consider using steering locks and endeavour to leave your vehicle in well-lit areas with CCTV coverage. Use a Faraday bag if you have a keyless vehicle to prevent thieves from cloning the signal and entering the vehicle." Express.co.uk has contacted Facebook for comment.