Carlos Alcaraz has continued to send shockwaves throughout the tennis world after capturing his third title in four tournaments - and he's eyeing more glory at the French Open later this month. The teenage sensation defeated Alexander Zverev in the Madrid Open final to earn a seventh straight top 10 win and Tour-leading fourth title of the year, and now he has his eyes on the bigger prizes in a warning to the likes of Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic. Alcaraz also became the first person to defeat Nadal and Djokovic back-to-back in a clay-court tournament in Madrid. En route to securing the fifth ATP title of his burgeoning career, Alcaraz handed defeats to the greatest clay-court player, the world No 1 and the Madrid Open defending champion. Following his latest victory, and with Roland Garros looming, the world No 6 declared he is ready to win the first of hopefully many Grand Slam crowns. “Yes yeah I think so. I think I’m ready to win a Grand Slam, I’m ready to go for it,” the 19-year-old said post-match. “It’s a goal for me this year to try and get my first Grand Slam. I’m going to work and let's see what’s going to happen at Roland Garros.” Alcaraz’s variety of shots and athleticism were a joy to watch as he overpowered Zverev with his relentless hitting and supreme court coverage as the world's best players were left with no answer to his brilliance this week. JUST IN: Carlos Alcaraz wins Madrid Open title with bruising victory over Alexander Zverev   “It feels great to be able to beat these players. To beat two of the best players in history and then Zverev, the world No 3. He is a great player. I would say this is the best week of my life,” Alcaraz added. “I am 19 years old, which I think is the key to be able to play long and tough matches in a row. I am feeling great physically.”   Alcaraz cited his first-round defeat in Monte Carlo as another catalyst for his Madrid triumph, as he has not lost since his opening-round defeat in the Principality. “I consider myself a player that's playing very well. As the numbers speak by themselves, I think that I'm doing it quite well on clay right now,” Alcaraz shared. “As I said in Monte-Carlo, you learn a lot from defeats. I think this is a clear example. I lost in the first round of Monte Carlo, and I learned from that defeat and I started to train for Barcelona and Madrid. I consider that I am playing very, very well, and I think that I am a tough opponent for the other players.” The new world No 6 will endeavour to continue his rich vein of form at the Italian Open this week.