The nation is preparing to celebrate the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee next week with a special four-day bank holiday weekend and several events from June 2 to 5. On Sunday, June 5, street parties will take place and listeners of Zoe Ball’s BBC Radio 2 Breakfast Show chose Neil Diamond’s Sweet Caroline as the soundtrack. Ms Ball says she hopes that up to ten million people would join in the nationwide singalong at their street parties, as she declared the choice as “a song of togetherness”. She said: “We’re also hoping that loads of grassroots music groups and choirs and school bands and brass bands will learn the song and perform it too. “We really want to encourage the country to all come together.” In a set of polls that ran from 10am on Wednesday, May 25, to 10am on Friday, May 27, Express.co.uk asked whether readers would be celebrating the Jubilee and what they thought of Sweet Caroline as the chosen song. First, Express.co.uk asked: “Will you celebrate the Platinum Jubilee?” A total of 5,179 people cast their votes with the vast majority, 66 percent (3,405 people), answering “yes”, they would be celebrating the Jubilee. Meanwhile, 31 percent (1,606 people) said “no”, they would not be and three percent (168 people) said they did not know. Then, Express.co.uk asked: “Should Britons sing Sweet Caroline for the Queen?” This question was answered by 5,061 people and the overall response was “no”, Britons should not sing Sweet Caroline for the Queen. A further 20 percent (1,015 people) said “yes” while 21 percent (1,072 people) said they did not know either way. Dozens of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers shared their thoughts on the Jubilee and chosen song. Many readers were against the choice of Sweet Caroline with one reader, username BigT commenting: “It's Queen Elizabeth not Caroline? Can't see the connection. “Sounds like a stupid idiots idea!” And username hahano said: “They should change the words of Sweet Caroline to Elizabeth.” While username meto said: “And what is wrong with God save the Queen –it is all about her, not Caroline?” Username UKsubject wrote: “God save the Queen is the song. I love Neil Diamond but I don’t see the connection.” And username tory333 said: “Neil Diamond is American. Something from the Beatles or Vera Lynn would have been more appropriate. Dumb choice.” Mr Diamond wrote Sweet Caroline in 1969 for his second wife Marcia Murphey. The iconic song has since been adopted by the Massachusetts baseball team, Boston Red Sox and England football and cricket fans. DON'T MISSRoyal Family LIVE: Harry could break 'promise' to Queen as Netflix 'pressure' mounts [LATEST]King William: Public throws weight behind Duke over Prince Charles in latest poll [INSIGHT]Queen's biographer explains job she would have done if she wasn't monarch [VIDEO]  Regardless of the chosen tune, most were still looking forward to celebrating the Jubilee. Username prestonfan1 said: “Absolutely, looking forward to a great weekend. God bless our Queen.” Username Will-l am Not said: “I’ll certainly raise a glass in her honour!! Her entire life she has gone beyond what was expected so cheers! And good health.” And username JanetWCQ1958 said: “Absolutely. I've got the bunting ready to go up. This is a unique moment in our history which should be celebrated.” While username Fiorella1955 said: “Absolutely! God bless the health of dear Queen Elisabeth.”