Helen McCrory died last year aged just 52 after a battle with breast cancer. On Thursday, her husband, Damian Lewis, 51, was joined by a series of their celebrity friends as they celebrated the late actress at St Paul's Church, one year after her passing. Damian was joined by a series of fellow Hollywood stars including Helen Bonham Carter, Ralph Fiennes and Keeley Hawes. The memorial service took place on Thursday at St Paul's Cathedral in London's Covent Garden. Damian was pictured arriving with the couple's children, daughter Manon, 14, and their son Gulliver, 14. Manon delivered a "touching" reading, while Gulliver played the guitar at the service. READ MORE: The Repair Shop’s Jay Blades makes ‘big changes’ with new job The hour-long service opened with Beethoven’s Ode to Joy and was followed by a prayer and the hymn Guide me, O thou Great Redeemer. A family guest at the service, told the national publication: "It was absolutely wonderful, and Damian was fantastic in organising it despite his grief. Gully played the guitar and Manon read and all the other actors who acted with her, and of course the director of her first play in the National, was here. "We knew that she had been ill for a very long time. Battled her way through it, Peaky Blinders, other plays. "And at the end of it she died at home with Damian and everybody around her just organising everything, including this [the memorial]", a source told the MailOnline. A close friend added: "It was just the most beautiful memorial. It was very touching. Speechless." Express.co.uk have gone to Damian' representatives for comment. Helen was known for her roles as Narcissca Malfoy in the Harry Potter series and Aunt Polly in the BBC's Peaky Blinders. The final series of Peaky Blinders recently aired with the series paying tribute to the late star. As well as her Harry Potter co-stars in attendance at the service, her Peaky Blinder co-stars Joe and Finn Cole also attended. DON'T MISS... Donny Osmond’s wife made him sleep alone after Dancing With The Stars [INSIGHT] Rhian Sugden's says its 'unbearable to walk' as assets grown 'so big' [COMMENT] Joanna Lumley praises Queen for 'keeping promise' prior to Jubilee job [ROYAL] Other famous guests included Eddie Redmayne, Benedict Cumberbatch and Natascha McElhone. Damian and Helen had been married since 2007, with the actor taking to social media in April last year to announce the tragic news of his wife's passing. In a statement posted at the time, Damian penned: "I’m heartbroken to announce that after an heroic battle, the beautiful and mighty woman that is Helen McCrory has died peacefully at home, surrounded by a wave of love from friends and family. "She died as she lived. Fearlessly. God we love her and know how lucky we are to have had her in our lives. "She blazed so brightly. Go now, Little One, into the air, and thank you." Helen had kept her cancer diagnosis private, with the actress continuing to raise awareness for charities prior to her death. She even appeared on ITV to promote the work of the Prince's Trust in March, just one month before her passing. Sir Tony Robinson, a fan of her work, called Helen "one of the finest, most versatile and charming actors of her generation".