The Yorkshire Vet is now in its 14th season on Channel 5 and renowned animal surgeon Peter Wright has no plans to retire any time soon. He left Skeldale House in 2021 and moved to Grace Lane, where he has taken a backseat when it comes to the "business" side of veterinary work. Peter shared some exciting changes taking place at the surgery.  The Yorkshire Vet is a much-loved documentary series providing the perfect sense of escapism for viewers. Set in the idyllic Yorkshire Dales, fans have adored watching Peter and the other professionals take care of animals in need. In the upcoming episode, a three-week-old orphaned lamb with a swollen leg is brought into the practice to see Peter. He also takes care of a greyhound with a badly broken leg requiring complex surgery. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Peter said he was always learning on the job, despite his decades of experience.   READ MORE: The Yorkshire Vet's Peter Wright pays tribute to his 'kind' mentor He said: "My old boss, Donald Sinclair, said on many occasions 'You never stop learning in this job,' and he's absolutely right. "If you shut your mind off, it's about time you packed up. "There is so much to learn and the pace of change in the veterinary world is quickening." Speaking about some of the changes made at his place of work, he said: "Twelve years ago there was one vet here. "There are now 13 vets and their new purpose-built premises was built two years ago. "It's going to increase by 75 percent, and we are going to have a CT scanner here. "It just shows how things are moving forward. "I am seeing techniques I have not seen before so yes, you do learn." The vet praised the new season for focussing on the new generation of surgeons. Grace Lane was founded by Stephen Hudson and John Whitwell, who have taken on vets of all ages, with different levels of experience.  DON'T MISS... The Yorkshire Vet's Peter Wright reflects on leaving Skeldale [INSIGHT] The Yorkshire Vet Peter Wright gives update on leaving Skeldale [INTERVIEW] The Yorkshire Vet 'very concerned' farmers will 'lose business' [DISCUSSION] While some of the staff only qualified in 2020, others have more than 20 years of experience under their belts. Peter added: "One of the good things that has come [from the series] is how they have brought the next generation in. "I'm the man with the experience but I'm learning from the next generation. "I feel very much a part of the farming community here and if I can help them in any way, I do." Grace Lane offers support to all creatures great and small, from family pets to horses and farm livestock. Peter left Skeldale House as he said it was "no longer economically viable to do farm work". He described his new job as "bliss" as he is able to focus on one-to-one time with clients. With the surgery preparing for some major upgrades, the staff could see a lot more patients on their books in the near future.  The Yorkshire Vet airs on Tuesdays on Channel 5 at 8pm.