Huge pressure is mounting on the outlet affectionately known as “auntie” to scrap the much-hated licence fee, with Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries promising change by 2027. Tim Davie states the biggest challenge for the BBC is remaining relevant to audiences and providing a ground-up approach to what the BBC stands for.  Speaking at a media and broadcaster conference run by Deloitte, Mr Davie said: “Our biggest challenge is ‘Are we relevant?’ “We want to be relevant. “Storytelling from the ground up... we are very focused on pushing money out, people out. It's all about local economic growth - we are very bullish on that.” The Director also said the organisation still represents “great value for the licence fee”.  Multiple BBC stars have walked away from the corporation in recent times, seeing the likes of Dan Walker, Jon Sopel, Emily Maitliss and Andrew Marr leaving the organisation as debates over the future of the outlet remain unclear. With the BBC receiving much of its funding from the Government, Mr Davie warned leaders will have to consider what kind of broadcast environment it wants in the UK as it considers what steps are to be taken in 2027. Many viewers are abandoning more traditional methods of watching TV as they turn to online streaming services such as Netflix, Amazon Prime and Disney +. The mass switch over to online services has not just been seen amongst younger viewers. Thousands of over 55's have also swapped traditional TV for US-provided streaming services.  READ MORE:Do you need a TV licence? How you could save money on Netflix With many people in the UK forced into lockdown during the COVID-19 pandemic, this is alleged to have sparked the catalyst to switch online as more people turned to such entertainment to see them through the crisis. Public opinion was also high on the agenda for the Director-General, who said the society we live in plays a vital role in the future of the BBC. Mr Davie said: “Listen to the public. What are we? Storytellers, a democracy. “My biggest thing is the stakes are very high about what kind of society we live in. “I believe we will still offer great value for the licence fee. “We have some choices to make. “I think we will still be able to offer a great service.”  DON'T MISS:Britain will defeat EU trade war blackmail tactics [REVEAL]'No idea how to fly' passenger lands plane with ZERO experience [INSIGHT]Brexit chief 'could stand as MP' after Tractorgate [REPORT] The organisation is also keen to recapture the 16-34-year-old market. Relaunching BBC3 as well as axing programmes known and loved by older audiences, such as Eggheads were designed to appease a wider range of spectators. After these changes, a 2020 Ofcom report found satisfaction levels with the BBC were waning among older and more middle-class viewers.   Mr Davie stated new content was also important. He said: “We make 31 dramas a year, we'll probably have to make less. “What I'm not willing to do is compromise on quality. “You may end up with services like BBC Four, which are great but primarily archive services. “Are they repeats? Yes. Are they of value? Yes. “We'll still have thousands of hours of origination, but I would rather do less and protect quality.” The BBC is understood to have set aside £50million for market research into people's viewing habits and how to reach “diverse audiences”. A jargon-riddled notice inviting firms to take on the work says up to £42million could be spent on “data collection and processing and brand tracking studies”. 