Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has recalled the emotionally draining experience of losing the Champions League final to Real Madrid in 2018. The same two opponents are set to face off in Paris on Saturday evening as the Reds bid for a coveted treble after lifting the Carabao Cup and FA Cup earlier this season, and Klopp is able to draw on the team's past experiences to spark extra motivation. The 3-1 loss in Kyiv back in 2018 was a tough one to swallow for Liverpool, given that goalkeeper Loris Karius was at fault for two of Madrid's goals. He certainly wasn't for the other, however, as Gareth Bale netted with a quite extraordinary bicycle kick which instantly etched him into Champions League folklore. Karim Benzema was also on target for Los Blancos that night, opening the scoring before Sadio Mane drew level. But Bale's late brace settled the game, consigning Klopp and his players to a dreary aftermath which he has discussed in the lead-up to their next European showdown. "It started as one of the worst nights in my life," he explained. "I remember actually only a little glimpse of light while standing in the queue at the airport. We had to go through a security check going to the plane, and I had this thought there... ‘do we come back next year?’. But I actually remembered it only a year later. JUST IN: Man Utd 'call meeting' with Erik ten Hag after holding transfer talks for Pau Torres "The flight was obviously horrendous. The feeling was down. The families were in another plane, and the worst moment was still to come – facing family and friends. When we arrived at Melwood on our bus, all the wives, girlfriends, friends, everybody was crying. Unbelievable. We were not crying. "I cry quite frequently in these similar situations, but not that day as I was okay, kind of. It was a football game, there were strange circumstances, but everybody was crying. My agent was crying! DON'T MISS...Kalvin Phillips' stance on future may have blocked Man City transferMohamed Salah confirmed Liverpool decision but Sadio Mane gives cryptic answerArsenal dealt setbacks over trio who could be key to transfer plans "It was now morning pretty much and then we went to the house and let a few people in. You know it’s the former house of Stevie Gerrard, so a little bit of the furniture was still in there. There was a big vase in the guest toilet, and Peter Krawietz goes in the toilet and comes out (motions to lift a big vase like a trophy above his head) and goes ‘Yes!!! It looks like the Champions League trophy a little bit!’. Everybody took it and had pictures with it here and there, ‘ah that’s how it feels’." Indeed, Liverpool were able to exact revenge, although not directly on Madrid, the very next year. The Reds beat Bayern Munich en route to facing Barcelona in the semi-finals, where they sensationally came back from a 3-0 first-leg deficit to win the return clash 4-0. In the final against Tottenham, goals from Mohamed Salah and cult hero Divock Origi sparked bedlam among the travelling Liverpool fans as they lifted their sixth Champions League trophy. On Saturday, two true European heavyweights will bid to add another to their stacked collection. Los Blancos already have a cool 13 in the trophy cabinet, while the Reds are aiming to draw level with AC Milan on seven. Klopp's men go into Saturday night as the favourites, but Madrid have shown plenty of spirit en route to the final. "I really think our Champions League story so far is a pretty special one," added Klopp. "And it’s to be continued. Obviously, it’s really harsh to deal with these kind of things. But what I learned in life, if you don’t learn from it then it’s a real waste of energy. Here we are today, we have won the Champions League once so obviously it’s possible. That’s what I strongly believe in." 