Connected by EXANTE is a garden made entirely of green and recycled materials to encourage biodiversity and improve mental and physical health. Designed by Finnish horticulturist, Taina Suonio, the garden’s main feature is a three metre oak tree stump. After the RHS Chelsea Flower Show, the garden will be donated to University College London Hospital’s cancer ward to aid patients in their recovery. The garden won a Silver Gilt award at this year’s show in the Sanctuary Gardens category and was received well by the public. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Taina explained the “two reasons” behind the garden’s name, “Connected”. She said: “When I was contacted by EXANTE I realised how connected they were with the clients. “As humans, we are depending on our connection to nature by diversity and that was the other reason for the name.” EXANTE, which is a wealthtech company, chose to have an oak tree at the centre of its garden to represent how the tree is a home, food source and an integral part of the water cycle. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to remove yellow pillow stains - ‘easiest way’ Taina said the oak tree is “appreciated” in the UK and represents “health and longevity”. The English oak, which is the most dominant tree in Britain, also celebrates the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. “That was another small connection to British culture,” Taina added. The gardening expert also created the garden so people could laugh and enjoy themselves after the pandemic.  DON'T MISSHow to get rid of slugs in your home [INSIGHT]How to properly organise your wardrobe to ‘maximise the space’ [UPDATE]How to clean duvet and pillows without washing machine ‘Kills germs’ [ANALYSIS] “After Covid, I think we really need a laugh and a positive atmosphere. Nature is the softening of everyday life,” she said. The garden also contains a water feature which has numbers within it. The numbers represent both EXANTE, and the way that numbers are connected to everything. “Everything in nature is connected to numbers", Taina added. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Cell division and how many petals are in roses etc.” According to the gardening pro, having a water feature in a Chelsea Garden is a “must”. But there’s also another symbolic reason the water feature has been added. She said: “As humans, we need water and an oak tree will need more than 500 litres of water per day to be able to survive. “Once again, there is a reason why we should think about biodiversity, nature and appreciate our clean water and clean environment as a whole.”  One of Taina’s “biggest challenges” this year was sourcing the native plants from Europe and Finland she had chosen to use. She added: “But we managed to do it and get over it. I have a wonderful contractor - Nicholsons.” Connected by EXANTE, was designed by Taina Suonio, sponsored by Exante (Xnt) Ltd and built by Nicholsons who sourced plants from UK nurseries. The majority came from Nicholsons’ own nursery on a 23-acre site at North Aston in north Oxfordshire.