Andrew, Amy, Jean and Success all joined The Chase host Bradley Walsh for a new episode of the ITV quiz show on Wednesday. Each contestant faced Anne Hegerty for a chance to win a life-changing sum of money between them. However, before any quizzing commenced, Anne left Bradley shocked when she exposed Andrews's previous success with TV quiz shows and teased him for not telling him sooner. Andrew was first up during the cash-builder round, where he informed Bradley he had recently retired and enjoyed reading, listening to music and playing his banjo. He managed to build an impressive £6,000 and was soon faced with The Governess at The Chase table, to which she revealed a staggering secret. As she walked to her seat, she revealed: "Hello Andrew, I think you failed to mention one of your hobbies out there... "You are, in fact, a bit of a quizzer, aren't you?" READ MORE: GB News guest savages Prince Harry’s acting debut Blushing, The Chase contestant admitted: "I have done one or two." Wanting to know more, Anne pressed: "How did you do on Mastermind?" "I crashed and burned in the final," Andrew exclaimed staying humble. "You got to the final, how did you on Brain of Britain?" Anne continued.  Andrew explained: "Erm, once I got beaten in the same team as Paul [Sinha], once I got to the final." Impressed with his reputation, Anne simply stated: "Quizzer," but Bradley was left stunned and went on to tease Andrew. "We are supposed to be mates, we're on the same team, you have got to let me know that sort of stuff," Bradley said in the player's ear. "If you are a quizzer and have been on television quizzing, you have got to let me know, I can protect you!" DON'T MISS...'Sleeps on piles of gold!' The Chase stars mock Bradley Walsh's salary [INSIGHT]Bradley Walsh gobsmacked as Chase player beats Jenny in tense round [LATEST]TThe Chase viewers distracted as they mistake player for comedian  [WATCH] Anne went on to offer Andrew a low offer of £1,000 and a high offer of £24,000, and when asked what he wanted to play for, he already had a plan in motion. Andrew told Bradley: "£6,000, the high bid is never a good thing for the first player." Impressed, Bradley praised: "He knows how to play the game, that's for sure, secret quizzer!" Andrew flew through his round and made it back to the table for the Final Chase, with the second contestant Amy following closely behind with £9,000. Jean built £6,000 in her cash-builder round and made it back to the table along with Success, who brought back £7,000, taking their final total up to £28,000. Bradley was blown away by the success of the team and exclaimed: "What a team this is," before Anne pleaded: "Help!" During the Final Chase, the team managed to get 22 steps ahead of the Chaser, where she commented: "You guys worked together very well, I am not surprised." With six successful pushbacks, Anne only managed to get 11 steps toward the contestants' total and they each went home with £7,000 each. The Chase airs weekdays from 5pm on ITV.