Albania was the first out of 17 countries to take the Eurovision Song Contest 2022 stage for their chance to make it to the final and take the crown on Tuesday evening. Their song got the party started as it was upbeat and had the audience on their feet. However, singer Ronela Hajati was teased by presenter Rylan Clark after he revealed she already had to change her racy outfit once before. Ronela Hajati performed song Sekret and was joined on stage by five dancers who put on a risqué performance. Before they took to the stage, Rylan explained: "Up first is Albania, this is Ronela Hajati with her song Sekret. "If she wasn't a singer she has said she would be a lawyer and even had a law degree, she appeared in the Albania version of Dancing With the Stars which is our version of Strictly. "The song is great it is upbeat and what you want to start a semi!" READ MORE: Colin Murray to replace Anne Robinson on Countdown in temporary role As they took to the stage, Ronela sported a sparkly pink bodysuit with a cape flowing behind her, accompanied by sparkly pink trainers. During the performance, Ronela danced with another woman and their dance moves were seen to be extremely suggestive. After their performance ended, Rylan commented: "Yes, now that is how you start a final. "She did have a different outfit planned but it was quite revealing so she went with that one," he sarcastically remarked. "Well, I mean that one is not exactly covering up." Viewers at home were similarly distracted by her outfit and the dancing and took to social media to express their concerns. James Clareford commented: "Urm... is that allowed on this channel? Very spicy dancing and costumes going on there." @JudeMaryfors777 added: "Well, I was not expecting that! I mean I can't imagine what her original outfit must have been." @PollyPicks866543 asked: "Is she allowed to be doing them dance moves like that? Not sure how I feel seeing all that?" DON'T MISS...Sam Ryder partner: Who is UK Eurovision star dating? [INSIGHT]BBC forced to apologise for Latvia's x-rated lyrics: 'Apologies'  [LATEST]What time is the Eurovision Final 2022? [WATCH] However, not all viewers were offended by her risky dance moves with Chloe Parks tweeting: "Omg I am LOVING her outfit right now!" Clare Ress praised: "She looks amazing! and loving her body confidence, giving all the women inspiration out there!" While @RacyMacy said: "Can I please get Albania's costume designers number please, I NEED THAT BODYSUIT IN MY LIFE!" (sic) Unfortunately for Albania, they didn't make it through to the final of the Eurovision Song Contest. The 10 countries which made it through were Switzerland, Armenia, Iceland, Lithuania, Portugal, Norway, Greece, Ukraine and Moldova. France, Italy, Germany, Spain and England are already guaranteed a place in the final as they are in the "Big Five" but their domestic audiences will get to vote in one. The next semi-final where the remaining 18 countries' entries will sing will take place on Thursday, May 18. The Eurovision Song Contest returns Thursday from 8pm on BBC Three.