For the third year in a row, the supporters of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have taken to Twitter to mark the birthday of Archie, born on this day in 2019. Hundreds of social media users have already penned tributes and shared pictures of the tot over the past few hours under the hashtag #ArchieDay. And some decided to coordinate their outpouring of love for the child by throwing a virtual "Global Birthday Party" - which consists of people sharing their messages online using a few hashtags from 5am BST (Midnight EST). Twitter user @JoDivaRunner wrote: "#Sussexsquad Archie’s birthday party starts tonight at Midnight New York time! "Please use #HappyBirthdayArchie and #HarryandMeghan when you post birthday wishes or pictures of your celebrations!" Among those who left messages for the firstborn of Meghan and Harry there was @SomethingStan, who wrote: "#HappyBirthdayArchie. "Hoping you grow up kindhearted and smart just like your mum also courageous and cheeky like your dad. "You have an army of Aunties and Uncles wishing you an abundance of joy. Enjoy". Another, @thehappyduo, tweeted: "I'm heading to bed but I couldn't sleep without wishing our sweet boy, Archie, a very, VERY happy birthday. "May this special day of yours and the rest of the days that follow, be filled with many good blessings and happiness for you." READ MORE: Meghan 'loathed' England but may 'come back for biggest role' - claim @VanessaNguyen28 tweeted: "Can’t wait to celebrate #ArchieAt3! @WinniethePooh can visit you in sunny Cali now!" And @SueJon8 wrote: "Happy 3rd birthday king Archie". As it happened in 2020 and 2021, a group of fans of Meghan and Harry gathered under the name of Sussex Squad also organised a fundraising effort to mark Archie's birthday. This year, the group of fans appears to have chosen as a recipient the World Central Kitchen - an organisation providing meals in areas hit by natural disasters and creating community hubs in struggling areas. According to the donation page, the fundraiser will end on another key day for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's family - June 4, the first birthday of Lilibet 'Lili' Diana. The description provided on the donation page read: "We are fundraising May 6 - June 4 in honor of Archie and Lili's birthdays. "Please join us and donate to World Central Kitchen to help empower communities through the power of food!" The decision to donate to the World Central Kitchen is particularly poignant, as it is one of the organisation with which Meghan and Harry's foundation Archewell has struck a partnership over the past two years. As stated on the website of the Sussexes' organisation, the joint effort sees the Archewell Foundation providing "the financial commitment for World Central Kitchen to build four Community Relief Centers in regions disproportionately impacted by hunger". In May last year, Archewell announced plans to build a community relief centre in India as the country was experiencing a devastating second wave of Covid. In 2020, the Sussexes' fans raised more than $40,000 in their coordinated digital fundraising effort for the first #ArchieDay. But the first fundraiser fans on Twitter and Instagram organised to honour Archie was launched one year prior under the #GlobalSussexBabyShower hashtag. Meghan and Harry appear to have noticed the charitable deeds of their fans online as, in a message shared on this day last year on Archewell.com, the Sussexes said: "We have been deeply touched over the past two years to feel the warmth and support for our family in honor of Archie’s birthday. "Many of you donate to charities on his behalf, and mark the occasion by giving back or doing an act of service — all through the goodness of your hearts. "You raise funds for those who need it most, and continue to do so organically and selflessly. We remain incredibly grateful." Last year, as Meghan and Harry embraced the fight for vaccine equity, they launch an appeal on their website, asking fans who could to donate to the cause. A few days later, it was announced more than $3million, including individuals' donations and matched ones by organisations such as Seadream Family Foundation, had been raised.