Tom Cruise joined Late Late Show host James Corden on Tuesday night to talk about his new movie Top Gun: Maverick alongside co-star Monica Barbaro. James recently announced this would be his last series on the show as he made the decision to move back to the UK with his family after feeling homesick. During the show, James and Tom performed a skit which saw the Top Gun actor tease James about being "fired" from the series. Speaking from his dressing room before joining James on stage, Tom joked: "I'm here for you tonight whatever you need. "I would not have fired you, I'm here for you if you need anything, I just want you to know that I'm sorry." James joked: "I would love it if you could lend me some money," to which Tom replied: "I told you anything, James, don't worry." "Then this works out great," James exclaimed, making light of his recent announcement of leaving the show. READ MORE: 'It was a big risk' Steph McGovern opens up on viewing figures After the skit, Tom came out, and James revealed that it had been four years since he was on the show before catching up with one another. "It's amazing to be here to see everyone and see you and be alive,' Tom said. "It's wonderful." James has sat behind the Late Late Show desk for the past seven years and hosted an array of celebrities Stateside. The Gavin and Stacey star revealed he would be leaving the show during an opening monologue to his audience. He explained: "I’ve some news of my own to share. Seven and a half years ago, I started hosting this show. "It has changed my life. I love it, I love all the people who work here. I am so proud of what we have achieved. It has been beyond my wildest, wildest dreams. "So I’m happy to announce today I’ve signed a new contract to carry on, that’s really only half the story. "I've signed for one more year of the show, and this will be my last. When I started this journey, it was always going to be just that, it was going to be a journey, an adventure. DON'T MISS...James Corden tipped to hit stage as serious actor amid UK return  [INSIGHT]Doctor Who fans fear James Corden could replace Jodie Whittaker [LATEST]James Corden breaks silence amid plans to move family back to UK [WATCH] "We are going to go out with a bang … there’ll be tears, so many tears because this has been the hardest decision I’ve ever had to make. I never took this for granted, ever," he concluded. There has been no confirmation from James as to what he will be doing when returning to the UK, but many fans have been praying for Gavin and Stacey to return. Taking to Twitter, Bobbie Mouser commented: "Does that mean us brits can finally get more Gavin & Stacey with #JamesCorden coming back to the UK." Adam Drew exclaimed: "@JKCorden stepping down from the late late show can mean only one thing……… Gavin and Stacey can return!!" Ciara Lawrence asked: "#JamesCorden is quitting his American TV show. Is that a sign that there will be some new Gavin and Stacey coming?" @Margaretannkea1 quipped: "Want another Gavin and Stacey, want to know what happened on the fishing trip." (sic) The series ended in 2010 but made a comeback in 2019 for a Christmas special which attracted record-breaking views. During the episode, Nessa (played by Ruth Jones) finally revealed her true feelings for James' character Smithy by proposing to him after 12 years of co-parenting their son Neil Noel Edmunds Smith (Oscar Harland).