Patsy Palmer is known for her roles in iconic British TV shows EastEnders and Grange Hill. The 49-year-old moved to Malibu, California near Los Angeles with her family in April 2014. Since then, she has shared a plethora of images on Instagram of her gorgeous Malibu property. So what does Patsy’s home look like inside? Express.co.uk takes a look. In a post from June 2020, Patsy shared a photo of herself sat on her bed. The pictures shows a room with pale grey walls, two windows, a gold pendant light and striped bed linen. The bed’s headboard is made from grey upholstery and the decorative cushions on the bed have a black and white geometric pattern on them. Above the bed is a red-framed piece of art work which reads “we come in peace”. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to clean washing machine drawers - 'cheap and effective’ White bedside tables and a white lamp can also be seen. It’s unclear whether this is a snapshot of her entire bathroom of a WC but the room has been decorative eclectically. The room has been painted a charcoal grey and decorated with lots of art work in white frames. Above the toilet is a piece of art work that depicts the Queen wearing a crown in front of a rainbow. She also appears to be wearing a white t-shirt that has “NHS” written on it.  DON'T MISS‘Rule to remember’ when using paint for a ‘smoother’ finish [INSIGHT]Alan Titchmarsh on what to do with ‘tatty’ daffodils after flowering [UPDATE]Interior designer shares home decor trends estate agents ‘dislike’ [ANALYSIS]  The artwork is by Molly Bristow who Patsy tagged in the post. A post from March 2020 on Patsy’s Instagram account shows her grabbing a cookbook from her kitchen. The room has been neutrally decorated with white kitchen cabinets, grey worktops and a stainless steel fridge. The kitchen has a double oven and open shelves which stores Patsy’s cookbooks and stoneware crockery. In a photo from April 2021, Patsy can be seen lying on a white corner sofa in what appears to be a sunroom.  The sofa has been placed in front of a wall of floor-to-ceiling windows, showing glorious views of Malibu. A glass coffee table has been placed in the centre of the room as well as a large fluffy rug. Outside, a balcony can be seen with a table and chairs. Patsy shared two photos of her lounge in May and July last year on Instagram. Both photos reveal an eccentrically decorated space with lots of colour and personality. The room appears to have a wall of low bookshelves filled with various books, a multicoloured striped rug, a disco ball and latte-coloured walls. Artwork containing Disney characters can also be seen on the walls.  The floors are a high gloss cherry wood underneath the rug. A large TV and whit sofa can also be seen in the background. Like many homes in Malibu, outdoor space for socialising is important. Patsy’s outdoor space goes a step further with a large outdoor bed in the middle of her garden. The actor and DJ also has orange outdoor lanterns hanging in a tree, a striped outdoor rug and a beige umbrella. Patsy Palmer will appear on The Great Celebrity British Bake Off tonight at 8pm on Channel 4.