The elderly monarch, now 96 years old has experienced reduced mobility over the last few months, significantly cutting down on her public roles. Aides to Her Majesty are now revising plans for the historic milestone - the first time a monarch has reigned for 70 years.  A source with knowledge of the current situation told the Mail on Sunday: “It could still happen but it is by no means guaranteed that we will see the Queen on the balcony during the Jubilee.” Royals have continued the tradition of appearing on the balcony of the famous London landmark palace for decades, often accompanied by a spectacular fly-by in the process. Events such as royals weddings, as well as Trooping the Colour, have seen senior royals wow crowds of supporters and tourists alike as they step out onto the famous balcony. To date, every Jubilee year has featured an iconic balcony appearance. Should Her Majesty not be present on this occasion, it will mark the first of her reign. However, other events will continue as planned.  Leading the Platinum Jubilee Pageant on Sunday, June 5 will be singer Ed Sheeran. For the Golden Jubilee, Queen guitarist Brian May performed a spectacular version of the national anthem on the roof of the palace. During the Diamond Jubilee, a slimmed-down performance saw Her Majesty appear on the balcony of the palace with the Prince of Wales, the Duchess of Cornwall, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and the Duke of Sussex, Prince Harry. The dilemma continues today as to whether to hold such an event at all in light of the Queen possibly not being able to make the appearance.  READ MORE:Ronnie O'Sullivan’s brutal take on Queen giving him MBE Uncertainty remains as to the presence of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex following their withdrawal from senior royal duties. However, Prince Harry has hinted that he may return to the UK to take part in the celebrations. Since the birth of their daughter Lilibet, the couple have yet to introduce the newborn to her great-grandmother the Queen. Prince Harry stated “I don’t know yet” about his plans to attend. He said: “There are lots of things with security issues and everything else. “So, this is what I’m trying to do, trying to make it possible that I can get my kids to meet her.”  DON'T MISS:Key reasons Ukraine has NOT hit targets in Russia [REPORT]Sturgeon's minister ridiculed over £31M census botch-up [REVEAL]Queen approves new Commander of British forces [INSIGHT] According to the official website of the Jubilee, there will be many events and activities celebrating the Jubilee across the UK Commonwealth and beyond in the months leading up to the special extended Bank holiday weekend from Thursday 2 to Sunday June 5, 2022. More than 1,400 parading soldiers, 200 horses and 400 musicians will come together in the traditional parade to mark the Queen’s official birthday, usually held on the second Saturday in June.  The Platinum Jubilee Pageant will have all the excitement and spectacle of an international parade and carnival – awe-inspiring and filled with marvel and delight. The Pageant will combine street arts, theatre, music, circus, carnival and costume to celebrate Her Majesty’s unwavering duty, love of the natural world and dedication to the Commonwealth. Other events include a televised Platinum Party at the Palace, The Cazoo Derby at Epsom Downs, a service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral and a concert at the Royal Albert Hall amongst others. 