As the Queen, 96, celebrates her Platinum Jubilee with a host of celebrations due to take place in two weeks' time, there has been speculation that Prince Andrew, 62, may join in the festivities alongside other royals. It comes after the Duke of York raised eyebrows when he came back into the spotlight when accompanying the monarch to a memorial service for Prince Philip in March. His appearance at the event came after he formally ended a civil case brought against him in the US by paying a financial settlement. Andrew always strongly rejected claims of wrongdoing and denies the claims made by his accuser Virginia Giuffre. Amid this case and his friendship with Jeffrey Epstein, the Duke’s involvement with public royal events has been mired in controversy. Commenting on whether a return to the royal fold is possible, a royal branding expert claims it’s an unfathomable feat due to the “emotional issues” he has caused the monarch. When asked whether there was a route back for the Duke, Cele Otnes, co-author of Royal Fever: The British Monarchy in Consumer Culture replied: “No, and you know, what a loss? “He's the Queen's favourite son yet he is causing her, at 96 years old, a lot of emotional issues. I mean, she has to deal with this.” Ms Otnes went on to claim the Duke’s appearance at his father’s memorial service earlier this year caused “consternation”. She claims it was an example of the Prince putting his own image above the image of the Royal Family as a whole. When explaining the different roles members of the Firm play, Ms Otnes describes the Queen as being the “pillar” of the family who helps to stabilise the foundations. In contrast, she claims Andrew is the “saboteur” and that the Queen faces a balancing act of both trying to protect the Royal Family brand while also being a supportive mother. READ MORE: Queen compared to North Korean dictator in mural to honour her Jubilee Ms Otnes, a professor of marketing specialising in the Royal Family told Express.co.uk: "Andrew is the saboteur I mean, talk about his entitlement. “Isn't it interesting, but also tragic to watch the Queen struggle with trying to be a mother to him and a monarch to protect the brand at the same time?” Earlier this year, Buckingham Palace announced the Duke had returned his military and royal patronages to the Queen. The decision came prior to his civil case, brought against him in the US, being settled. A statement added that Andrew would “continue not to undertake any public duties” and while he retains his HRH title, it is not to be used in any professional capacity. DON'T MISS Prince Charles's reign over UK to be 'interregnum' [INSIGHT] Kate and William's love story not expected to last after university [REVEAL] Royal Family ‘united’ against Prince Andrew being in spotlight [REPORT] Ms Otnes added: “I mean, you could just almost use that example as a microcosm for what happens when a member of the family doesn't put the royal family brand ahead of his or her own interests.” She claims: “Andrew is one [of those doing that] and so you could argue Megan and Harry are one too, as they want to protect their unit as a family and that's more admirable, if you asked me, than protecting our own self-interest, which is Andrew’s deal. “Andrew seems to be about Andrew and [him appearing at the memorial] caused a big consternation in the family.” She notes the appearance led to speculation from royal watchers that Andrew may be “trying to weasel his way into every occasion from now on”. While the Service of Thanksgiving marked the Duke’s first public appearance since settling his civil case with Virginia Giuffre, royal watchers have speculated that he could appear at other events on the royal calendar in the coming months. The Duke has been tipped to join the Queen for Garter Day, which takes place at Windsor Castle on June 13. Andrew is rumoured to attend the event in a private capacity as a Royal Knight. It is also speculated that he will join other non-working royals including Meghan Markle and Prince Harry, and his daughters Princess Beatrice and Princess Beatrice at celebrations for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. Andrew will not be among those featured on the Buckingham Palace for Trooping the Colour though. A statement noted that the Queen would only be joined by working members of the Royal Family for the occasion. Andrew stepped down from royal duties in 2019 for the “foreseeable future” following his disastrous BBC Newsnight interview.