Dianne Buswell, 33, has taken to Instagram to share some emotional photos of herself as she shed a few tears while saying farewell to her time on Freeze the Fear with Wim Hof. She posted the photo to her account to emphasise the impact of the journey she has been on. The star, who is dating her former Strictly Come Dancing partner Joe Sugg, captioned the candid picture: "Just a few tears."  The post was sent in full view of her 868,000 followers.  Freeze the Fear with Wim Hof is a show which sees Holly Willoughby and Lee Mack following eight celebrities as they embark on a once-in-a-lifetime adventure in the Italian mountains in sub-zero conditions.  During the final challenge of the show, which took place two days ago, Dianne could be seen weeping in terror.  The challenge involved a terrifying bridge swing in which the star had to fall from 500 feet while under the guidance of Wim Hof. READ MORE: David Birney dead: Bridget Loves Bernie star dies aged 83 The Strictly star could be seen in tears as she debated whether or not to make the jump. As she stood with Wim, Dianne was told that the choice was completely hers to make. She said tearfully: “I don’t think I can do this. “I can’t visualise myself jumping. “I have to be OK with the fact that I might not be as good as everyone else down there that can do this.” But Wim told her to relax while Lee Mack added to the camera: “He really wants her to do it.” He explained that it would make the dancer happy, particularly after she failed to complete the swim under the ice last week. Over the weeks, the celebs have tested themselves with an array of dips and swims beneath the ice, extreme breathing exercises, and endless cold showers. DON'T MISS... Janette Manrara's injury fear addressed after hospital dash[LATEST]Lily James puts on jaw-dropping display in see-through Met Gala gown[PICTURES]Vanessa Hudgens risks wardrobe malfunction at Met Gala 2022[RED CARPET] Wim Hof, also known as The Iceman, has claimed that the extreme cold can help individuals to harness power over their brains. It also has the added beneficial impact on the cardiovascular system. Over their three weeks living together, the celebs have also opened up about past traumas. Those include bereavement, divorce, suicidal thoughts, sexual abuse and an eating disorder. Dianne spoke up in April about what she had expected from Freeze the Fear. Excited about the show, Dianne exclaimed while on Claudia Winkleman’s BBC Radio 2 Breakfast show: "Oh my goodness, so Freeze the Fear, to be honest, we didn't really know what we had signed up for. "We knew that Wim was involved, and I am a bit of a super-fan of Wim, so that is kind of what drew me in in the first place. "Basically, it is a lot of cold exposure and also facing your fears. So for me, I have a massive fear and phobia of heights, and there are a lot of heights involved and a lot of cold therapy. "So that's it in a nutshell, but we also got to live in this amazing tent together, all seven of us celebrities. It was quite a time, I loved every second of it," she said.