Plans being drawn up would see "sunset clauses" introduced on legislation from Brussels, with ministers forced to keep the laws, change them, or scrap them by the deadline. Brexit opportunities minister Jacob Rees-Mogg is thought to have told the Cabinet earlier this month that an expiry date of five years will be put on all rules imported from the continent. It means laws drawn up by Eurocrats in Brussels could continue to be in place in the UK more than a decade after Britons voted to leave the trade bloc. When Brexit took place on January 21 2020, thousands of pieces of EU law were automatically transferred into UK law in order to create a smooth transition. More than 52,000 laws from Brussels were imposed on the UK between 1990 and 2020. Ministers have warned these rules have received special treatment because they have become a part of UK legislation without being properly voted on in the House of Commons and House of Lords. READ MORE ON OUR BREXIT LIVE BLOG The Government announced a Brexit Freedoms Bill in the Queen's Speech earlier this month that would set out plans to end EU legislation. The five year expiry date is understood to be set to be induced in the Bill when it is brought to Parliament. A source told The Times: "The point is to force radical thinking. "If the laws are going to expire we can really think about what is actually necessary and have the chance to move away from the EU’s one-size-fits-all approach to regulation." Brexiteer MPs will welcome the Government's commitment to introducing plans to end the imposition of foreign legislation. However, they will likely be frustrated by the timetable, arguing it does not move quickly enough. DON'T MISS:Imperial measurements face shop return with huge Brexit move [INSIGHT]Brexit Britain signs trade deal with INDIANA - first trade deal ever [COMMENT]Nancy Pelosi slapped down in Brexit 'snake oil' trade deal row [REACTION]  One Conservative MP told Express.co.uk last week: "We've got Brexit done but we now need to see the benefits of it." They accused Mr Rees-Mogg of being too slow to act in tearing up EU laws. The long-term eurosceptic was brought into the Cabinet in January in order to help realise the opportunities Brexit could bring the UK. He told MPs of his vision to scrap "gold-plated" EU regulations as part of his job, in March. He said: "What is the vision in terms of Brexit opportunities is that we should have an economy that is more efficient, that we should have supply-side reforms, get rid of the unnecessary, regulation imposed upon us. "Very often we were outvoted in the Council of Ministers. "We have things that came through by qualified majority voting. "It’s about freeing up the economy."