The weekend is set to see one the of largest celebrations in recent history with street parties and gatherings planned across the nation. Up to 15 million people are thought to be planning an event with neighbours across roads, streets and cul-de-sacs around the nation.  However, local authorities have warned that only 16,000 official applications for public events have been received for the closure of local streets, allowing any parties to go ahead legally. Yet woke councils have already started issuing warnings about what can and cannot be done. One local authority stated residents should avoid placing bunting in the streets between lampposts and electric poles over concerns the strings “could cause damage to our dustcarts, light poles and vehicles.” Emergency services have also warned streets must be readily accessible in the event of an emergency, with unauthorised parties potentially causing an obstruction to police, fire and ambulance units.  Advice has been given to those seeking to throw a last-minute event this weekend. Holding a “street meet” instead of a street party could see residents come together to celebrate the event without the need for road closures or any consequences of illegal parties. The deadline for officially requesting a road closure has now passed across all local authorities across the nation. Conservative MP Richard Holden, a parliamentary private secretary to the department of digital, culture, media and sport, said: “The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee marks a unique moment in our nation’s history that families in cities, towns and villages across Britain are looking forward to joining together in celebrating. “The idea that bolshy bureaucrats are tying people up in red tape to prevent these celebrations is contemptible. “Councils should immediately clear the way to let these historic national celebrations go ahead so that friends and families can celebrate together this weekend.”  READ MORE:Queen admits she did expect to live to celebrate Platinum Jubilee Johnny Mercer, a Conservative MP and former Army captain with the Royal Horse Artillery, said on Sunday night: “These street parties should be allowed to go ahead. “We shouldn’t let killjoys spoil the Jubilee.” Tory MP Julian Knight, chairman of the culture select committee, said: “Councils have to be realistic about this and understand that this is a once-in-a-lifetime celebration, something which will never be seen again, and they need to be as flexible as possible.” With around 15 million people looking to hold some form of the event on the historic 4-day weekend, the numbers show almost double the number of people are hoping to celebrate the iconic occasion, In 1977, around 10 million people held parties in streets and parks for the Silver Jubilee making it the second-largest such occasion.  DON'T MISS:Liz Truss issues Putin warning over 'weaponising hunger' [REVEAL]British chip shops threatened as one-third struggle with Brexit costs [INSIGHT]'I don't need this!' Wizz Air pilot rants after SEVEN-HOUR delay [REPORT] Yet fears of road closures have reached a national government level. A government source said: “People cannot unilaterally close roads down, the council needs around six weeks' notice. “If people can't close their road because they've left it too late, they can plan a 'street meet' which would keep the road open but can be organised on private land.” A local government official told The Telegraph: “I think one thing that is not clear for everyone is that most councils had a cut-off date for street party applications, which has just gone. “People must realise they need to notify the emergency services or consult with neighbours. “Some councils have been saying to residents that if they cannot close their street they can do something on public land or people's driveways. “I think inevitably there will be people that have missed the deadline.”  The Department for Levelling Up, Housing & Communities said: “If you can’t or don’t want to close your road, you could plan a simpler street meet at short notice. “This can keep the road open and be organised on private land, such as a driveway or front garden, without any requirement to fill in council forms. “Residents should speak to their council about plans in any case.” 