Red Bull team principal Christian Horner has likened his rivalry with Mercedes counterpart Toto Wolff to that of Max Verstappen and Lewis Hamilton. The Formula 1 figureheads have clashed on numerous occasions in recent years while their teams have challenged for the sport's top titles. Tensions between the two teams were at an all-time high last season when a controversial season finale saw Verstappen pip Hamilton to win his maiden F1 title in Abu Dhabi. Hamilton was denied his eighth championship and the opportunity to move clear of Michael Schumacher, with whom he remains tied on seven titles apiece. It's not just the drivers who feel the impact of those results, however, as Horner and Wolff have proved in recent years. The pair have traded barbs via the media, while Wolff said in 2020 that a dinner he hosted between team principals ended with the F1 representatives "slagging each other off like children in a kindergarten." The frosty relationship between Horner and Wolff can also be witnessed first-hand in the Netflix series Drive to Survive. After it was put to the Red Bull executive that he and his Silver Arrows adversary may be more similar than he cared to admit, he conceded at least one aspect in which that might be true. READ MORE F2 star in big crash at Monaco Grand Prix showing dangers Hamilton and Verstappen face  “That’s for you guys to judge," Horner told the Evening Standard. "I think we probably share that competitive spirit in the same way as Max and Lewis.” In the same breath, however, he also described him and Wolff as "two very different people." Horner maintained the duo share a level of respect for one another, though the tight margins between Red Bull and Mercedes in recent years perhaps prevent that from forming into a full-blown friendship. Those margins are considerably wider this year after Mercedes' car troubles have seen them slip off the title pace. Lewis Hamilton in particular has underwhelmed and is sixth in the drivers' standings ahead of the Monaco Grand Prix, while George Russell has been more impressive in his debut season at Brackley and sits fourth.   A third consecutive race win at the Spanish Grand Prix on Sunday saw Verstappen move to the summit of the standings for the first time in 2022. He replaced Ferrari's Charles Leclerc, who appears destined to challenge his old karting adversary for motorsport's top prize this year. Horner described Ferrari principal Mattia Binotto as "a nice guy," even sounding regretful at times that their rivalry isn't as serious as his head-to-head with Wolff. The Red Bull boss has said to write Mercedes off at one's own peril, however, warning F1's dominant force of the past decade remain capable of what would be an unlikely comeback.