Ms Brown has been making some revelations about the members of the Royal Family in her latest book The Palace Papers. From the serious (Prince Philip's feeling at Princess Diana's funeral) to the fun (the karaoke Kate Middleton sang on her hen night), the readers have been getting some insight from the Royal Family.  While writing about Meghan Markle's pre-royal life, Ms Brown gave a sneak peak about her ambitions. During filming of her hit Netflix show Suits, Ms Brown wrote of the Duchess of Sussex: “She often was still on set at four a.m. She spent the downtime furiously updating The Tig, which she was convinced, not without reason, could emulate the success of Goop, Gwyneth Paltrow’s canny second-act creation of a pampering and wellness e-commerce site, with its $550 (£437) healing quartz necklaces and $66 (£52) yoni eggs for enhanced orgasms. “‘Meghan was always talking about Goop,' one of the Suits team told me.” In April 2017, Meghan shut down her beloved lifestyle website, writing: “After close to three beautiful years on this adventure with you, it's time to say goodbye to The Tig.  “What began as a passion project (my little engine that could) evolved into an amazing community of inspiration, support, fun and frivolity. “You've made my days brighter and filled this experience with so much joy. Keep finding those Tig moments of discovery, keep laughing and taking risks, and keep being the change you wish to see in the world.” She concluded her goodbye message: “Above all, don't ever forget your worth - as I've told you time and time again: you, my sweet friend, you are enough. Thank you for everything.” Speaking to the Telegraph, Mrs Brown said the pair can't stop creating dramatic scenes wherever they go, claiming they appeared to be “addicted to drama”. READ MORE: Prince Harry 'refuses to bend' on Camilla title She also warned the duke has been “completely and utterly taken over by Meghan and his whole personality has changed”. She added: “I do question how it will end. “[Maybe] he'll wake up and realise he's living in Goop and he has to get the hell out, go down the pub and see his friends.” She said one example was the couple's Oprah interview where they unleashed a string of bombshell claims. DON'T MISS:Kate Middleton’s wedding tiara was almost shunnedAir France plane ‘went nuts’Psychologist slams Parliament's ‘boozy environment’ But the royal expert pointed out tell-all interviews rarely ended well. She said: “It's actually amazing how each time one of the royals does one of these big sit-down interviews, it's a catastrophe. “Every time it's like a nuclear bomb. The Oprah interview was desperately damaging to any relationship that Harry could ever hope to have with his family.” 