Christian Pulisic's father took to Twitter to vent his annoyance over the American winger's lack of regular action for Chelsea in the aftermath of Sunday's defeat at the hands of Everton. The European champions were unable to get on the scoresheet at Goodison Park after Richarlison's second-half opener fired the hosts in front, with Frank Lampard's side eventually holding on to secure a hugely important victory at the expense of the Blues. Pulisic was introduced from the substitutes' bench to replace Cesar Azpilicueta with just 20 minutes remaining as Chelsea went in search of an equaliser but was unable to swing proceedings back in their favour. The 23-year-old has endured a difficult campaign with the Blues and his latest omission from their starting side provoked an angry reaction from his father, Mark, who relayed his frustrations via Twitter after the final whistle."The sad thing is he loves this club, teammates, and London," he said in a tweet, which has since been deleted. "Puts his heart and soul into being a pro. Onwards and upwards my boy… big six months ahead."Meanwhile, it remains to be seen whether Pulisic will eventually be able to force his way back into the Chelsea side between now and the end of the current season. The former Borussia Dortmund winger remains tied down at Stamford Bridge until the summer of 2024 but it has been suggested that he could leave in the not-too-distant future in order to play regular first-team football elsewhere. JUST IN: Liverpool risk losing 'different class' star after Newcastle audition The 23-year-old has registered 33 appearances for Chelsea across all competitions since the beginning of the campaign, but 17 of those have come from the substitutes’ bench. Former United States international Herculez Gomez recently pointed the finger at Thomas Tuchel for his unfavourable treatment of Pulisic, who joined the Blues from Dortmund for a fee in the region of £57million back in 2019."This is Thomas Tuchel doing what Thomas Tuchel does," Gomez told ESPN. "If you're an offensive player, only two of them have really shown that they can be in the trust circle of Thomas Tuchel. "That's Mason Mount, and that's Kai Havertz. Everybody else - [Hakim] Ziyech, get on out of here, [Romelu] Lukaku, get on out of here, Timo Werner, get on out of here, [Callum] Hudson-Odoi, are you even around? Christian Pulisic, you're out of here as well."This is what he does, he makes these players feel uneasy, he makes them wait. And Christian Pulisic has been through this before. Not just here, he's been through it at Dortmund with him. This is part of the course with Thomas Tuchel." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here