Daniel Ricciardo may be in danger of losing his seat at McLaren. The Australian has finished ahead of British teammate Lando Norris just twice so far in 2022, and will start behind him in Monaco tomorrow.  Ricciardo was given a three-year contract when he joined McLaren last season, but was out-qualified 15 times by Norris in 2021, who out-raced him by the same score and ended the season 45 points ahead in the Drivers’ Championship. The 32-year-old has suffered mixed fortunes since joining the eight-time constructors' champions, and boss Zak Brown seems to be growing frustrated with the driver. He has mentioned previously that Ricciardo had not met  his or our expectations” and has now hinted the team may let him go if he does not improve. “I don’t want to get into the contract but there are mechanisms in which we’re committed to each other and then there’s mechanisms in which we’re not,” said the American, quoted by the Race. “I’ve spoken with Daniel about it, we’re not getting the results that we both hoped for, but we’re both going to continue to push. “I think he showed at Monza he can win races. We also need to continue to develop our race car, it’s not capable of winning races, but we’d like to see him further up the grid. We’ll just play it – I don’t want to say ‘one race at a time’ because we’re not going to one race at a time – but we’ll just see how things develop, what he wants to do.” JUST IN: FIA make late rule tweak ahead of Monaco GP after Max Verstappen investigation drama   Ricciardo qualified 14th for the Monaco GP earlier today, which came after suffering a dramatic crash in Friday’s second practice session. The eight-time race winner suggested that the setup experiments the team had gone for were perhaps a little too much. “It happens quickly but… it kind of slowed down as well,” he said after FP2. “Like I knew everything that was happening and I tried to save it but already kind of into Turn 13, I already started losing it. “I could feel the car was starting to get away from me and yeah, [it was] a little strange. I think normally you probably pick up some stuff maybe on Turn 14 on the kerb if you get a bit too greedy and the car can get unloaded. DON'T MISS  “I think obviously we just pushed a few things with setup – obviously we’re trying – but yeah, pushed a little too far probably in a couple of areas. “[I] tried my best to save it but we couldn’t so I know they’ll fix it, obviously we missed all the session but I’m okay, we’ll be ready to go tomorrow.” Teammate Norris will begin the race P5, while Charles Leclerc will start his home race on pole after dominating throughout qualifying. 