Manchester United want to sign a new centre-back this summer. And Erik ten Hag has apparently approved a move for Villarreal star Pau Torres, who was of interest to the Red Devils a year ago before Raphael Varane touched down. A £45million deal is being explored for the Spain international, even though his release clause is actually £10m higher. According to 90min, Ten Hag is keen to bring Torres to United this summer. The Red Devils conceded an alarming 57 goals last season in the Premier League, with Leicester the only team in the top 10 who shipped more. United eyed Torres 12 months ago, when Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was manager, only to end up recruiting Varane from Real Madrid instead. Now, a blockbuster move to Old Trafford could be on the cards. But not everybody will be happy, however. Express Sport will now take a look at four players who can be forgiven for fearing the worst if Torres arrives. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Harry Maguire has, for the most part, been a regular for United since arriving from Leicester back in the summer transfer window of 2019. But with the England international toiling under Rangnick, his chances of regular action will be impacted if Torres arrives. As a regular for Villarreal, and somebody who is also wanted by Tottenham, the Spain international won’t move to United to sit on the bench. Varane almost gets into the team by default. And Torres would expect to start alongside the France international, especially given Maguire’s erratic performances. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag United signed Victor Lindelof in 2017 believing the former Benfica star could be a vital asset. But while he’s had plenty of game time over the years, the Sweden international has never become the player many thought he would be. If United sign Torres, Lindelof could then become the club’s fourth-choice centre-back. That won’t be good news for the 27-year-old as he approaches the prime years of his career. And it may even trigger Lindelof leaving United in order to pursue regular first-team football elsewhere. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Eric Bailly is already looking to leave United behind. The Ivory Coast international has been tipped to move to Serie A, with AC Milan and Napoli two of the teams linked. And, if Torres joins, it would plunge him even further down the pecking order. Bailly has always given his all when he’s played for United and was livid at regularly being snubbed by Rangnick, having agreed a new deal last year. Yet it’s best for all if the 28-year-old departs and pursues a new challenge somewhere else. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Axel Tuanzebe was once backed to have a bright future at United. Alas, it doesn’t look like that will happen. The Red Devils decided to loan him to Aston Villa earlier in the season but, following the appointment of Steven Gerrard, he struggled for action. He then proceeded to join Napoli but has failed to make his mark in Serie A, too. So with Tuanzebe already facing the exit door, a move for Torres would likely accelerate an inevitable departure.