Mr Parish was forced to resign following allegations the MP was watching pornographic content whilst in the House of Commons chamber, after having been spotted by female colleagues. The MP openly admitted the act as a “moment of madness” and duly stepped down from his role in his East Devon constituency.  Speculation is now increasing over the notion of Lord Frost taking the seat in a bi-election should he choose to stand. With two seats up for grabs, the second being Wakefield, the former Brexit minister is seen as a firm favourite to return to the House of Commons by various media outlets. Heading the support for Lord Frost is The Telegraph who are backing their now highly popular Member of the House of Lords turned columnist. Furthermore, the former head of Scottish whiskey has increased his public profile by appearing on GB News with former Brexit Party guru Nigel Farage, as well as giving several interviews to other mediums. Lord Frost has spoken of entering the world of “real politics” as he considers his future.  Current legislation however does provide a hurdle the peer will need to cross.Members of the Upper House must resign in order to become a member of the commons. Legislation does not cover rules as to whether this needs to be before or after taking his seat in the commons should his potential bid prove a success. According to reports, Lord Frost is doing very little to dampen the rumours of such a move. The former diplomat and Europe advisor to the Government retweeted a thread by the House of Lords’ head of research services discussing whether he would have to resign from his post. The last member of the House of Lords who threatened such action was anti-Brexit advocate Lord Andrew Adonis.  READ MORE:'No option!' Lord Frost calls for Brexit protocol to be scrapped Lord Frost has received several promising signs of backing by some of his allies, who describe him as a “proper Conservative” with “star qualities.” One former minister said: “Frost is a serious figure who thinks carefully and communicates well. “We need him in the Commons. “I think Tiverton is probably a more likely stamping ground for him [than Wakefield]. “He would be well received there and I'm pretty sure he would win.” The rural constituency in East Devon has been a Conservative stronghold since its creation in 1997, when Angela Browning took the seat before handing it over to Neil Parish in 2010.  DON'T MISS:'No idea how to fly' passenger lands plane with ZERO experience [REPORT]British boxer drowns ‘trying to save his dog’ in Benidorm [INSIGHT]Brexit trade rows spill into Europe over EU deal [REVEAL] Speaking of the move, the former Minister who is backing Lord Frost added: “There is a long way to go before we get there but he is a person of a quality you tend not to find often in the Commons or Lords nowadays. “He has probably got more support within the Conservative Party at large than any of the names that we are seeing suggested, and he is contributing more to the internal debate than any MP I know. “He is thinking about where we should be going.” Many have commented on the notion of Lord Frost becoming Prime Minister, in particular as Boris Johnson’s tenure comes under intense scrutiny following a series of scandals rocking the Tory Party to the very core.  Some have taken to social media to back the idea. Nina Nordship said on Twitter: “I was hoping Baron David Frost would be the next Prime Minister after Boris has had enough in a few year's time? “He's certainly going to win a lot of supporters, especially if he stood for parliament.” With the Conservative Party reeling from the scandals, Labour will be hoping the momentum gained in local elections will earn them the two extra seats up for grabs. Tiverton and Honiton’s nearest constituency, Exeter, has remained under Labour since Ben Bradshaw ousted long-serving Tory Sir John Hannam. The Liberal Democrats said on Saturday that the Conservatives should “swiftly call a by-election, so the people of Tiverton and Honiton can finally get the proper representation they deserve”. 