The first season of the latest NCIS spin-off has already proven just as popular as its counterparts on CBS. After introducing a brand new task force led by Special Agent in Charge Jane Tennant (played by Vanessa Lachey), NCIS: Hawaii is taking a well-deserved break, and the series lead has taken to Instagram to celebrate the finale with a behind-the-scenes snap of the cast. Vanessa has paid tribute to her co-stars, such as Alex Tarrant and Yasmine al-Bustami, in her latest post on social media. In the caption, she wrote: “NCIS: Hawai’i Season 1 FINALE tonight on @cbstv & @paramountplus. “This is the last scene we shot AND the last scene of the episode. ‘A Hui Hou’… means until we meet again.” Unfortunately, co-creator Jan Nash was the only key player missing from Vanessa’s touching post. READ MORE: Madeley confronts Sadiq Khan with furious viewers over partygate “Missing our Jan Nash!” she added. “Mahalo to the ENTIRE NCIS: Hawai’i Family!!!” In the second episode of the two-part finale, Jane re-teamed with Captain Joe Milius (Enver Gjokaj) to help piece back together a sabotaged prisoner exchange. They learned both the US and Russian prisoners had been poisoned by a doctor employed by the Dark Web fringe group known as Silver Moon. This shadowy organisation will undoubtedly prove to be a painful thorn in the side of the Pearl Harbor team, and will likely return to cause more chaos in the already confirmed second season. Meanwhile, viewers were waiting with bated breath to see how Agent Lucy Tara (al-Bustami) planned to win back their FBI ally, Kate Whistler (Tori Anderson). Lucy was just as anxious as the fans when she went along to Jane’s pot-luck, to which the whole team was invited. Her luck seemed to have run out as she waited for Kate to arrive for some time before eventually giving up hope. However, after following some advice from cyber specialist Ernie Malick (Jason Antoon), Kate finally arrived in style to serenade Lucy with a few bars of Bob Dylan’s Make You Feel My Love. DON'T MISS:Better Call Saul’s Patrick Fabian on ‘emotional’ Howard exit [INSIGHT]The Last Kingdom star recalls bizarre advice from Alexander Dreymon [INTERVIEW]The Blacklist fans demand Dembe return after Red reunion [REACTION] The agent was initially rather taken aback before Kate professed her love and pulled Lucy into a long, passionate kiss. Their colleagues were thrilled to see the two mixed up agents finally work things out and, hopefully, there’ll be no more unexpected hurdles for the fan-favourite couple next season. With another high-stakes mission and a touch of romance thrown in for good measure, the first NCIS: Hawaii finale certainly lived up to the hype. Below Vanessa’s new post, @angelica.capriles replied: “Thank you for a wonderful and exciting season!! Looking forward to #2 and many more!!! The whole cast is awesome!!!!” @mgrille commented: “Congratulations, great first season. Looking forward to many more.” And @rizosdemaria said: “It has been a pleasure watching every character grow and I can't wait for season two. Miss them already.” Fans now just have a few months to wait before Jane and the team are back in action, and there are more adventures from the mainline NCIS and NCIS: Los Angeles teams coming up after the summer. NCIS: Hawaii is available on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.