Every year the Queen opens Parliament and delivers the Queen's Speech outlining the Government's key policies going forward. But this year it has been announced Prince Charles will carry out this key duty on the Queen's behalf today (May 10) as the monarch continues to experience mobility problems. The future King will be joined by his son and heir Prince William and his wife and future Queen Consort, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall.  The State Opening of Parliament is the latest in a string of royal events the Queen has missed in recent months, and once again Prince Charles will step in as the next most senior member of the Royal Family. But although Charles is the heir apparent to the throne, the Queen had to issue a Letters Patent to allow her son to read the Queen's Speech on her behalf. So while the Prince stepped in today, this is not a permanent step up for her son and it's clear the Queen plans to continue working and will be back in action as soon as she is fit and able to.  READ MORE: Prince Charles told to pass crown on if he fails Queen's Speech A new Letters Patent authorised by the Queen was issued to cover the State Opening, which delegates to Counsellors of State the royal function of opening a new session of Parliament. In this instance, it enables Charles and William to jointly exercise that function, and no other functions have been delegated by the Queen. Letters Patent are issued by the reigning monarch for a variety of purposes, such as the issuing of royal titles. The Letters Patent issued by King George V in 1917 dictates exactly who gets Prince or Princess titles in the Royal Family.   In 2013 the Queen issued a Letters Patent confirming Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge's children would all get Prince or Princess and HRH titles, rather than just the couple's eldest son. Counsellors of State are authorised to carry out the majority of the monarch's official duties if she is abroad or cannot fulfil them due to illness. The Counsellors of State traditionally include the monarch's spouse and the next four people over the age of 21 in the line of succession. The Queen's Counsellors of State include Prince Charles, Prince William, Prince Harry and Prince Andrew but as Harry now lives abroad, it is thought he may not be able to act in this capacity. As Prince Andrew has stepped back from royal duties for the foreseeable future his role as a Counsellor of State has also been questioned, and Princess Anne has been suggested as an alternative royal for the role.  DON'T MISS:Queen's Speech time: How to watch Prince Charles open Parliament [INSIGHT]Charles ‘teetering on the edge’ of major role [ANALYSIS]A look at three royal residences the Queen loves [PICTURES] The Queen has missed the State Opening of Parliament on two occasions during her reign in 1959 and 1963 when she was pregnant with Prince Andrew and Prince Edward respectively. On these occasions, the Queen's Speech was read by the Lord Chancellor and not another member of the Royal Family. As Charles is next in line to the throne, the Queen's decision to delegate responsibility to him today will be seen as symbolically gearing her eldest son up for his role as King. 