After being cancelled over the last two years due to the pandemic, it was revealed on Thursday that the garden parties at the Queen's royal residences will return this summer. Three events will take place at Buckingham Palace in London, while a further party will also be held at the Palace of Holyroodhouse in Edinburgh. A statement released on May 5 noted that Her Majesty will not be attending, but that other members of the Royal Family will represent the monarchy instead. It is thought the sovereign’s absence is due to the mobility issues she has been experiencing recently. The Queen has been absent from numerous engagements outside of palace walls since late October 2021 and has often been pictured using a walking stick. As news of the garden parties broke on social media, royal fans praised the monarch for “taking good care of herself”, especially after recently celebrating her 96th birthday. One called ‘Lubylu52’ wrote: “I never expected her to attend many of her jubilee celebrations as she is 96. As long as she and the rest of the Royal Family (minus Netflix staff of course) can gather on the balcony over the weekend we can all give her a big cheer.” While Cee Jackson referred to the news as “good” before adding: “We want the Queen to take good care of herself. Amazing woman at 96!” A third, called ‘Pinoe’ wrote: “She's 96 years old I am still amazed that she's still with all her excellent faculties. We are still blessed to have her with us today a living legend. The rest of the Royals can do all that walking around. God Bless The QUEEN.” Angela Coulter said the news was “sad to learn” before adding: “But I guess the Queen is doing very well to do the things she is achieving. At least she will be able to see everything on tv in the comfort of her own home. And the appropriate people to meet her needs will surround her.” READ MORE: Meghan 'didn't understand Diana worked like dog before becoming star' Veronica added: “It's good to hear our lovely Queen is having a well-earned rest.” It is understood the monarch’s absence at these events is because of the amount of time spent standing and walking to greet the lines of invited guests. ‘Lada70197243’ described the news as “not unexpected”, while royal fan Toria called the monarch’s decision to send someone in her place “understandable” before adding: “on feet [and] walking on soft ground” as difficulties Her Majesty would face. Another called ‘Zipzta’ wrote: “Who can blame her? After a lifetime of loyal service it's about time she watched on from afar. Time for the younger ones to earn their keep.” Princess Anne will host one of the parties on May 12 as part of her role as patron of The Not Forgotten Association. DON'T MISS Royal Family should ignore Harry’s tendency to ‘lob bombs' [INSIGHT] Queen health fears as she dishes out more duties to younger Royals [REVEAL] Harry and William's relationship turning point identified [ANALYSIS] Details about which members of the Royal Family will attend the other parties has not been disclosed. Another user, Nicola Trainer, offered her suggestions for adjustments that could be made for Her Majesty so she was able to make an appearance. She wrote: “Why can’t the Queen be seated / distanced at the parties with the representative still there too? “I’m sure most of us don’t really expect her to stand and mingle, I’m sure it would be equally wonderful to just be able to see her at some of the celebrations!” Similar adjustments were made earlier this year to ensure the monarch was able to attend the memorial service for her late husband, Prince Philip. The Queen entered Westminster Abbey via a side entrance near Poets’ Corner to ensure she had a shortened route to her seat. The monarch used a walking stick during this outing, and also leant on the arm of her son Prince Andrew when being escorted to meet members of the clergy. She also sat in one of the two Canada Chairs always used by the sovereign or the most senior member of the Royal Family at services at Westminster Abbey. The seats have comfortable cushions which may ease any discomfort the monarch was expected to experience. A further special measure put in place for her comfort, saw the length of the service being capped at 45 minutes.