Weather forecaster Jim Dale told Express.co.uk that the bank holiday, running from June 2 to June 5 is likely to be the "warmest weekend of the year". Conditions will be sunny and dry "nearly universally", with temperatures of up to 28C. London, he said, will see highs of 27C, while Scotland might be "even warmer". High temperatures will also be seen in Northern Ireland, Manchester and North Wales. According to Mr Dale, senior meteorologist at British Weather Services, the fine weather will occur as a result of an inflow coming off the Continent. The Met Office's forecast is also cautiously optimistic. It says: "We're still some two weeks away from the Jubilee Weekend, but the long-range outlook shows a trend for some possible warm weather in southern areas, and closer to average temperatures further north." Weather forecaster WXCharts has also forecast dry weather across the long weekend. Speaking to Express.co.uk about the Jubilee weekend, Mr Dale said: "At the moment it's on course for being predominantly dry, nearly universally dry, predominantly sunny. "So basically sunny, dry in the main universally and also very warm, increasingly so as you go through the course of the weekend. "And I don't just mean London that's going to be 27C - it might also be Edinburgh. READ MORE: Britain set for TEN DAYS of heat as 25C scorcher to cook country "In other words Scotland and that far north is going to be in there as well. "So it really spreads across the country." He explained: "At the moment it looks favourable for a continental inflow. "So we're getting this off of the continent and it's pushing up through Scotland. DON'T MISS: Most intense heat for 20 years' to cook Europe in 42C blast [INSIGHT] BBC Weather: Brits can expect 'return of something warmer' [ANALYSIS] Saharan dust cloud to descend over Europe amid thunderstorms [REPORT] "So that's why Scotland will be as warm, maybe even warmer than some southeastern areas. "And that will include Northern Ireland, Manchester, North Wales, as in getting the hottest temperatures. "It is still a long way off but we could well be seeing 27C and 28C in certain places. "So this could be the warmest weekend universally of the year to date. "That's what it's looking like, with the caveat that we're still some distance away."