Workers with multiple jobs have been warned they may miss out on state pension entitlement under new rules. Plans laid out by the Department for Business Education and Skills (BEIS) have been critiqued by experts. BEIS has said: “Government will legislate on extending the ban on exclusivity clauses, making them unenforceable in employment contracts where the guaranteed weekly income is below or equivalent to the Lower Earnings Limit, currently £123 a week.” However, it is worth noting people earning less than that amount may not secure a qualifying year. With NI contributions and credits vital in building up a state pension entitlement, individuals will need to pay attention to avoid missing out. Each year a person qualifies is currently worth £275 per year in state pension payouts. READ MORE: Pension warning as Rishi Sunak to harvest £6billion from savers To earn a National Insurance qualifying year, Britons will need to make £123 a week from a single job. This means even those who make £120 a week from two jobs will get nothing at all. Understandably, this news has concerned experts who delved deeper into the matter. James Andrews, Senior Personal Finance Editor at money.co.uk, said: “It sounds like good news at first - giving part-time workers more flexibility and requiring bosses to pay them a certain amount if they want exclusivity. DON'T MISSOver 50s urged to act on state pension, inheritance tax and pension [EXCLUSIVE]State pension warning as triple lock ‘won’t be enough’ [INSIGHT]Scam warning as woman, 59, loses £48,000 by ‘sharing screen' [UPDATE] “But the reality could see people lose out. “To get a full state pension you need to have 35 qualifying years of National Insurance credits on your record - and you need 10 to get any state pension at all. “This change might give people a feeling of false security - letting them earn more money by taking on multiple part time jobs - but at the cost of a far poorer retirement. “Needless to say, this isn’t how tax works either - with your whole income taxed as if it was from a single employer, rather than separate allowances for each job.” People who are approaching retirement may be able to buy credits to make up any missing years in their record. In addition, there are a number of benefits which may make a person eligible for National Insurance credits. These include:  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Becky O'Connor, Head of Pensions and Savings at interactive investor, said: "Many workers with multiple jobs that each pay less than £123 a week could be aggrieved to find their hard work still does not contribute to their National Insurance record, despite their overall earnings being high enough to qualify if NI was calculated on total income. “While their total income across all jobs will be considered for calculating their income tax liability, it doesn’t work that way for National Insurance, which is calculated by individual employers. “If workers are eligible for National Insurance credits for other reasons, such as looking after children, then they can build up qualifying years this way, despite earning less than the Lower Earnings Limit.”  The Government’s new plans state they will be giving low paid workers “the flexibility to boost their income through extra work”.  Responding to this, Business Minister Paul Scully said: “We are creating a high skilled, high productivity labour market that supports workers by removing unnecessary red tape, helping the British people boost their incomes and keep more of what they earn.” 