Liverpool and Real Madrid’s Champions League final was forced to be delayed by 36 minutes amid safety concerns for fans, with footage showing supporters outside a locked gate at Stade de France, Paris. Interior Minister Gérald Darmanin claimed that "massive, industrial-scale" ticket fraud caused Liverpool fans to arrive en masse, adding that from approximately 30 arrests made at the stadium, “more than half concerned British citizens”. Mr Darmanin said on Monday that 30,000 to 40,000 Liverpool fans had arrived at the stadium with fake tickets or without any tickets. He defended the police's actions and said: “The decisions taken prevented deaths or serious injury.” He added: “We regret a disorganisation in the admission of British supporters.” However, French officials have disagreed and blame the police and Mr Darmanin for the treatment of Liverpool fans. MEPs have hit out at Mr Macron’s organisation of the international event watched by millions. France Jamet, MEP for Rassemblement National, said: “The French government dares to blame the English fans to hide the fact that it is now incapable of organising an international event without our scum turning it into chaos. What a shame for France!” Rassemblement National MEP Nicolas Bay added: “Gérald Darmanin is lying when he explains that the outbursts are the fault of the British fans. “It is enough to see the images to understand that the culprits are not really British.” CAN'T SEE THE ABOVE POLL? CLICK HERE And François-Xavier Bellamy, Les Republicains MEP, said: “This humiliating fiasco shows how delinquency rules in France – and how lying is the only strategy of this government. “Despite what the entire European press has seen, Darmanin blames the victims rather than confronting the culprits.”David Lisnard, Mayor of Cannes, wrote on Twitter: “As often, the Executive has made a diversion and has rushed denouncing the English, disregarding the truth: that of a violent population of thugs that spoils every event because there is impunity and lack of an appropriate response.” Alexis Villepelet, Debout la France spokesperson, added: “The images sadly show scum living in France, recognisable by their ugly French. “To point only at the English is to deny reality. Solutions will never come from those who are unable to see the problems.” Meanwhile, Jean-Luc Mélenchon, left-wing Presidential candidate, said on Sunday: "The images are lamentable, they are disturbing because we can clearly see that we are not prepared for events such as the Olympic Games.” A statement from UEFA said: “In the lead-up to the game, the turnstiles at the Liverpool end became blocked by thousands of fans who had purchased fake tickets which did not work in the turnstiles. This created a build-up of fans trying to get in. “As a result, the kick-off was delayed by 35 minutes to allow as many fans as possible with genuine tickets to gain access. As numbers outside the stadium continued to build up after kick off, the police dispersed them with tear gas and forced them away from the stadium. “UEFA is sympathetic to those affected by these events and will further review these matters urgently together with the French police and authorities, and with the French Football Federation.” Liverpool FC said it was “hugely disappointed” by the treatment of fans in Paris. It said: “Supporters should not have to experience the scenes we have witnessed tonight. “We have officially requested a formal investigation into the causes of these unacceptable issues.” So what do YOU think? Should Macron apologise to British for 'disturbing' Champions League incident? Vote in our poll and join the debate in the comment section below.