Liverpool have been fired a warning that the new contract recently handed to Jurgen Klopp will have no impact on their negotiations with Mohamed Salah. The Egyptian is entering the final year of his contract at the Reds and has so far been unable to agree to terms on a new deal. Salah has been one of the driving forces behind Liverpool's run to the Champions League final, their Premier League title challenge and their Carabao Cup win. But his campaign has been punctuated by frequent claims about his negotiations over his contract. Those negotiations are still ongoing, but Liverpool were able to quickly wrap up discussions over a new deal for Klopp and his staff. The German has extended his stay until at least 2026, but Reds legend John Barnes does not believe that will have any impact on the chances of Salah staying. In fact, if Liverpool cannot come to an aggreement with the attacker soon, Barnes advised the Reds to 'move on' to potential replacements. This summer is likely to be the final transfer window the Reds will be able to bring in a fee for Salah, with the Egyptian able to sign a pre-contract agreement with an overseas team from January. READ MORE: Newcastle on alert as Liverpool-linked star's agent admits Howe asset “Jurgen Klopp’s new contract and Mo Salah’s potential contract renewal aren’t mutually exclusive. Liverpool will want both Klopp and Salah to stay and it’s not a decision of one over the other. Klopp has signed for four more years but it doesn’t mean anything if they finish mid-table next year, he probably won’t be there," Barnes told BonusCodeBets. "Managers’ situations are different to players’ situations. Hopefully Salah or Liverpool will compromise and find an agreement, and if they don’t, we’ll move on, and Liverpool will still be there. They’ll have been talking to Salah about a new contract from the start of the season, Klopp committing his future will have nothing to do with it. DON'T MISS: Liverpool hero Carragher denied Gerrard visit in awkward exchange (NEWS)Liverpool rift between Klopp and Salah mooted - 'Doesn't feel right' (INSIGHT)Liverpool's Van Dijk hysterical in reply to his match rating vs Villa (ANALYSIS) "These talks will continue for a long period of time. It’s easier to tie managers down as they’re not being touted to go to other clubs, unlike players. Salah will have more options than Klopp if he decides he wants to go somewhere else.” Salah will be attempting to help Liverpool to win the FA Cup on Saturday, their second final of the season after lifting the Carabao Cup in February. Despite the disruption around his contract, he remains a crucial part of Klopp's team.