Comedian Dave Chappelle appeared to be attacked on stage on Tuesday evening by a man who tried to tackle the actor to the floor. The funnyman, 48, was performing at the Hollywood Bowl in Los Angeles as part of the Netflix Is A Joke festival whe the incident reportedly happened at the end of his set. Footage circulating on social media shows the comedian standing on stage when a man rushes at him and attempts to tackle him to the ground. However, Chappelle continued with the show. He later told the audience: "I don’t know if that was part of the show or… I grabbed the back of that n****s head, his hair was spongy, absorbant. "Listen, I just want to say I’ve had an incredible time," he said at the end of his set. READ MORE: Piers Morgan slams Angelina Jolie as she's spotted visiting Ukraine Musician E5quire was among the first to tweet about the incident. In view of his 40,800 followers, he wrote: "#DaveChappelle just got attacked on stage at #HollywoodBowl while making jokes. I’ve officially seen it all.’" The singer posted a clip of the "aftemath" of the incident to his account. He also created a thread where he shared what had happened.  The star claimed: "#DaveChappelle was just finishing his show. "He was doing his final commentary as he usually does asking for the OG comedians to come back on stage so he can have the crowd give them a round of applause… "Suddenly a random person sitting in the front row jumped on stage and ran straight at him," he added. He went on: "He tackled Dave and they both went to the floor and began wrestling when everyone ran onstage to help, including Dave’s security. DON'T MISS... Anne Hegerty reacts to Mark Labbett's The Chase replacement [INSIGHT]Dan Walker admits 'surreal' feeling over last day on BBC Breakfast [ANALYSIS]Kate Moss' daughter steals spotlight in daring sheer gown at Met Gala [UPDATE] "The man was then grabbed by a number of people and taken back stage and probably didn’t make it out alive for all we know. "Dave then came out from the back and this is where the video starts…" the singer finished. Twitter user @tariqnasheed also addressed the moment the stat was attacked. They penned: "Somebody ran onstage and tackled Dave Chappelle at his show at the Hollywood Bowl tonight. "Afterwards, Dave and other people backstage stomped the attacker out," they claimed. Chappelle is performing as part of the Netflix Is A Joke Festival. The star was performing his sold out show, Dave Chappelle and Friends at the Hollywood Bowl. The Fetsival features other performers, including Seth Rogen, Arsenio Hall, Pete Davidson, Snoop Dogg.