Prince Harry moved across the world to America in the aftermath of his departure from frontline royal life. But the Duke of Sussex still maintains a positive and close relationship with his brother Prince William's three children. Prince George, 8, Princess Charlotte, 7, and Prince Louis, 4, are said to be "extremely fond" of their uncle Harry, one insider told US Weekly. Princess Charlotte is reportedly particularly thoughtful, and enjoys sending gifts to her uncle and his family. The royal insider said: “Charlotte will send everyone in the family thoughtful gifts and cards, and at the very least they’ll call as a family to sing happy birthdays and so on.” The middle child of Prince William and Kate Middleton, Princess Charlotte, “very much” views Prince Harry as one of “her role models", the insider said. READ MORE: Royal POLL: Do you think Royal Family is becoming too political? Since the Duke of Sussex departed the UK for life across the pond, it is not known how much or if he has seen his niece and nephews at all. The couple relocated to California in mid-2020, where they’re raising son Archie, 2, and daughter Lilibet, 11 months. The rift between Prince Harry and Prince William has been well documented. But despite their differences, the pair have reportedly helped maintain the relationship between the cousins. The insider added: “Harry has his heart set on returning to the UK to see the Queen with Meghan, Archie and Lilibet. But that will only happen if the government takes the appropriate measures to protect his family," referring to Prince Harry's ongoing dispute with the Home Office decision regarding funding for his family's security team abroad. They added that the cousins have kept in touch virtually since leaving the UK. They continued: “Harry and Meghan are doing everything they can to make the world a better place and feel it would be wrong to rob their children of the opportunity of getting to know their cousins.” Prince Harry and Meghan Markle most recently visited the UK on a pit stop on their way to the Invictus Games in the Netherlands last month, but it is not known if they saw any members of the extended family. However, they will be sure to reunite for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations at the beginning of June. DON'T MISSQueen told it would 'positive' to have Harry on Jubilee balcony [INSIGHT]Queen has embraced technology ‘very well’ as ‘Zoom monarch’ [REPORT]Prince Harry 'having his say' as Royal Family in 'volatile situation' [ANALYSIS] The whole Sussex clan will be paying a visit to the UK, including young Archie and Lilibet. It will be Lilibet's first time in the UK, having been born in America in 2021. However, the Sussex family will not join the Cambridges for a key event in the Platinum Jubilee calendar. Only working royals have been allowed to join the Queen for Trooping the Colour balcony appearance - and will include the three children of Kate and William. The royal insider said the Queen and her son Prince Charles have every confidence in the young children representing the Queen. They said: “It’s extremely comforting for the senior royals to see that the future of the royal family is safe with this next generation at the helm. “Obviously this is a big testament to the manner in which they’re being raised by William and Kate, and the fact they’ve had decent values and morals instilled at them from the very beginning of their life journey.”