Charles (played by Kevin Mathurin) has been busy recently trying to help his partner, Manpreet Sharma (Rebecca Sarker), through the heinous ordeal her sister Meena Jutla (Paige Sandhu) has put her through over the past few months on Emmerdale. With the villain of the ITV soap shortly to become a distant memory, the vicar will be offering more support to his son Ethan (Emile John) in the wake of him taking on newcomer Jordan (Jack Parr), who turned violent with Billy Fletcher (Jay Kontzle) in a racially motivated attack. However, when the sinister character turns on his lawyer, his father Charles could be in serious danger. The drama begins in next week's episodes as Billy comes face to face with Jordan, who tells the villager he is part of a gang and he is not to be messed with. Watching from the shadows, Al Chapman (Michael Wildman), tells Billy he saw the forms of intimidation being used and he will go to the police. On hearing Ethan is the one representing Jordan, Al also confronts the lawyer, asking him why on earth he would take on the case for the defendant. With so many people casting doubts, Charles tells his son he isn't too sure he has made the right decision and soon Ethan takes matters into his own hands. Despite the consequences it could have on the future of his career, he is prepared to walk away from the case and Jordan. READ MORE: Outlander theory: Jamie Fraser ghost explained in fortune teller clue Following formalities, Ethan asks Jordan to meet him at his office where he informs him he can no longer represent him. The newcomer's wife joins him for the meeting and she is horrified when it becomes clear her husband holds very racist views. Having witnessed his brutal and abusive nature, Jordan's wife tells him she can no longer be with him but this puts Ethan in a dangerous position. Jordan begins to form a vendetta against the lawyer, believing him to be the cause behind the breakdown of his marriage. Although the nature of the conversation is very volatile, Ethan holds his ground and he is pleased when the newcomer eventually leaves his office. As he prepares to go home for the day, Ethan is excited at the prospect of seeing Marcus Dean (Darcy Grey) for dinner so he can properly relax. On his way to the subway station, the lawyer is completely unaware he is being followed by his former client, who is hellbent on revenge. When they are out of view of the public, Jordan begins making racist slurs toward Ethan, who finally calls the newcomer out on his behaviour. Not happy with the way he's been put in his place, Jordan throws Ethan to the ground and begins to attack him as he did with Billy. It seems Ethan won't end up in hospital but it makes him fear what this man is capable of and how far he will go to get revenge. DON'T MISS...Charley Webb 'furious' with husband Matthew Wolfenden for defying her [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Malandra Burrows opens up about cancer battle [COMMENT]Zoe Henry breaks social media silence with Jeff Hordley update [COMMENT] With Ethan being close to both his father Charles and love interest Marcus, both of them could be in real danger of being killed. However, it could the vicar Jordan goes after as he is the man who means the most to the lawyer in the world, having only known Marcus a few months. The actor who plays Ethan, Emile, spoke with Express.co.uk and other media and hinted his character's father could be brought into the drama. Emile explained: "I think Charles just wants to see Ethan happy as he is his son, obviously, and he doesn't want to see his son struggle. "So he wants Ethan to do whatever he thinks is right." "And he wants him to do whatever he thinks is going to be good for his career but he also wants him to cope emotionally," Emile continued. "As soon as Charles starts to see people acting differently towards Ethan, he probably thinks that this maybe isn't the best course of action." With Ethan trueing down the case eventually, Emile added: "It's a mixture of his father's advice and Ethan is a person who likes to be liked. "He doesn't want to be the one to rock the boat and he doesn't want to cause harm to other people, either. "He doesn't want to do that. Even though his career means so much to him he doesn't want to be the person to inflict pain on people." "So I think that's why he probably pulls out," the soap star continued but this could be a hint Charles' days are numbered. If Charles were to find out the vicar played a part in the lawyer not representing him anymore, he could plan revenge on him. Wanting Ethan to suffer the greatest loss but also silencing Charles for good, Jordan would see it as getting two plans dealt with in one. But will anyone be able to pin the murder on Jordan or will he get away with it as he hires a new legal team to represent him? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.