Street parties are always a key part of Jubilee celebrations in the UK, but this Jubilee will be the first Platinum edition the nation has ever seen. So if you want to pull out all the stops for your Jubilee bash, no matter how big or small it is, here are some simple decoration ideas to bring a touch of patriotism to your home or street. The official Platinum Jubilee website includes several printable decorations that are perfect if you fancy a bit of art and craft. You can download English, Welsh, Union Jack and Commonwealth bunting to print off and stick up at home, and you can colour in a corgi or a crown too. There are also celebration posters that read 'Platinum Jubilee Party' or 'Congratulations on your Platinum Jubilee Your Majesty', which you can access here. READ MORE: Anti-Queen posters appear in nine cities days before Jubilee  Bunting is a Jubilee classic here in Britain, and the good news is there are plenty of ways to make it, even if you're a bunting beginner. Whether you're a dab hand with the knitting needles or enjoy sewing from time to time, the possibilities are endless when it comes to making bunting. Free patterns are available online if you want to sew, knit or crochet flags to make your own unique bunting for the Platinum Jubilee.  You can cut out fabric from old clothes and bedding you don't need anymore, or you can purchase some Jubilee-themed fabric, especially for your new craft project. Alternatively, you can make paper bunting out of whatever patterned or coloured paper you have around the house. You could even cut the paper flags out with different types of scissors for some seriously funky edges. If you don't fancy making your own, plenty of online shops and retailers are selling bunting now in the run-up to the Jubilee. DON'T MISS:London school kicks off Platinum Jubilee celebrations [INSIGHT]'Divisive' Meghan and Harry brace for backlash from royal superfans [ANALYSIS]POLL: Can Britain afford Monarchy as Sovereign Grant soars by £18m? [POLL]  If you're planning a Platinum Jubilee street party, there's a whole host of British-themed food accessories in shops at the minute, from everything to cake toppers to Union Jack paper straws. You can kit yourself out with Jubilee cups, plates, glass toppers, you name it - and you don't have to break the bank. And of course, there are also plenty of traditional Jubilee tea towels doing the rounds at the minute!  For a Jubilee-themed soiree, you can purchase Union Jack table covers, streamers, glitter and flags. Red, white and blue balloons are also an option, and a balloon arch can make an eye-catching centrepiece at a street party. And as no party is complete without a cake, why not try decorating your own in a Jubilee theme with your friends or family? 