Bernard Wright, who sang Who Do You Love, has died at the age of 58. He was very close to legendary singer Roberta Flack, 85, who sings Killing Me Softly. His heartbroken family announced the sad news in a statement. "On behalf of the family of Bernard Wright (Nard), We are saddened to announce that yesterday Bernard has been called home to the Most High,” they wrote. "Many thanks for everyone’s support, encouragement, and prayers for Nard throughout the years. Please keep the family in your thoughts and prayers through this difficult time. "Our hearts are heavy and our faith is strong. To be absent from the body is to be present with The Lord! LOVE! Rest In Power, Nard.” Bernard toured with Lenny White when he was just 13 years old, and he performed with Tom Browne in 1979. He was signed to the record label GRP in 1981, and released his debut LP Nard in the same year, aged just 18 years old. Nard reached number seven in the Jazz albums chart in America. The multi-talented star played the keyboards, synthesiser, piano, and melodica as well as singing. Tributes for Bernard have already begun to pour in. Jodeci Boots tweeted: “Funk and soul legend Bernard Wright has passed, those who know know…. R.I.P. “#Bernardwright my condolences to his mother Roberta Flack”. Journalist Lorraine King wrote: “RIP Bernard Wright (November 16, 1963 - May 19, 2022). DON'T MISS...Rebekah Vardy could be entitled to 'substantial damages' from Rooney [INSIGHT] Steph McGovern receives support after she's pictured crying at home [LATEST]Nine Rebekah Vardy Whatsapp bombshells from sex scandal to arrest [REVEALED] “Thinking of his mum Roberta Flack and the rest of his family at this immensely difficult time”. Lemu added: “RIP Bernard Wright. Even his album deep cuts were bops.” Reports claimed that Killing Me Softly singer Roberta was Bernard’s mother. But a film producer has disputed this, tweeting: “Now that Bernard Wright has passed on (RIP), get ready for people saying that Roberta Flack is his mom. “She's not. We interviewed him for @WeldonIrvineDoc. “Roberta Flack is not Bernard Wright's mom.” Troy Jones replied: “Roberta was his "spiritual" mother. One of the few he trusted the most.”