New research carried out by Compare the Market has revealed the top five most annoying passengers that British drivers will have to face in their cars. Some 24 percent of drivers have claimed that they are likely to argue while driving. Additionally, three in 10 motorists said that they themselves become annoying passengers when someone else is driving. The top five list of the most annoying passengers is as follows: 1. Wives – 12.8 percent of drivers agree 2. Husbands – 11.4 percent of drivers agree READ MORE: Fury over Sadiq Khan’s plans to expand ULEZ across London 3. Daughters – 7.3 percent of drivers agree 4. Mothers – 6.7 percent of drivers agree 5. Boyfriends – 6.4 percent of drivers agree. The survey also showed that spouses and partners are twice as annoying as children in a vehicle. DON'T MISS Driver fined £293 for driving under 60mph on motorway [INSIGHT] Caravan owners at risk of hefty fines when driving in Europe this year [WARNING] Drivers risk huge £5,000 fines for listening to Premier League games [REVEAL]  Just over a third of men said that their wives and girlfriends were the most annoying passengers. One-third of women also claimed that their husbands and boyfriends become unbearable in a vehicle. The study, which consisted of over 2,000 drivers, also showed that “backseat driving” is the biggest cause of, what experts call, “carguments”. Backseat driving was closely followed by giving wrong directions in second place. The top five was completed by getting lost in third, passengers distracting the driver in fourth, and forgetting something and turning back in fifth. “Carguments” are also more likely to happen in some cities than others. Cardiff is the city with the most in-car arguments, followed by London and Birmingham. See the full list of cities below: In slightly better news, husbands have been voted as the best at giving directions. According to drivers, male passengers are typically better at giving directions than women. Some 40 percent agreed that husbands, fathers, boyfriends, and sons are the best navigators. In comparison, only 25 percent said the same for wives, mothers, girlfriends, and daughters. When it comes to having control in the car, motorists have been divided. The research showed that women are in charge of setting the temperature inside the car. While men and specifically husbands most often choose what music gets played in the car. With all of that in mind, experts at Compare the Market have created a list full of tips on how to become a “good passenger”. The list is as follows: Stay alert - Even as a passenger, it’s important to stay focused and alert as an extra pair of eyes for the driver. Help with directions - Giving clear, concise directions will help the driver stay focused on the road, instead of getting distracted by a sat nav or maps. Be tolerant - Try to be relaxed about one another’s foibles while you’re on the road. Stay out of the way - Do your best to avoid getting in the way of the driver's controls or blocking their windows or mirrors. Don’t distract the driver - Avoid making too much noise so the driver can concentrate on the road.