The Eurovision Song Contest has been airing on the BBC and fans are eagerly awaiting the grand final on Saturday. Tonight, 18 countries are taking part in the second semi-final with the Big Five yet to perform in the final. Israel almost did not take part this year and Express.co.uk has all you need to know. This year's Eurovision is well underway with the second round of countries yet to perform tonight (May 12). England, France, Spain, Germany and Italy are all due to perform in Saturday's grand final in a bid to win the title. Michael Ben David is due to perform as the second act in tonight's semi-finals, singing his track I.M. However, he was almost not able to attend in person as Israel's Foreign Ministry went on strike. READ MORE: Eurovision 2022: UK for last minute upset as Sweden take top 3 place? The strike was over a dispute on working conditions in the country. Back in April, KAN Eurovision Israel, which manages the Israeli entry, issued a statement on Twitter. They said: "As of now, due to the Ministry of Foreign affairs strike, that affects the security protocols, the Israeli delegation will not attend the Eurovision in Turin." At the time, it was uncertain whether he would be able to perform in any capacity. READ MORE: Why can Australia compete in Eurovision 2022? Thankfully, the star was able to take part after all and he was pictured during rehearsals. The clouds over his participation had finally lifted as he was seen with his backup dancers. Channel 12 News reported on April 28 that Shin Bet, Israel's Security Agency, had figured out a way to provide adequate security for Michael and his team. KAN Eurovision shared a video of the star looking excited as he boarded the plane on the way to Turin. DON'T MISS...Eurovision 2022 presenters: Who are the hosts? [EXPLAINER] UK Eurovision 2022 song: The sweet meaning behind Sam Ryder’s Space...[INSIGHT] Serbia Eurovision song lyrics: What is said about Meghan Markle? [EXPLAINER] They said in a statement: "The company thanks the Shin Bet for its efforts to work for a solution for the security issues despite the difficulty. "We are confident that Michael Ben-David will represent Israel with dignity on the world stage." Michael is on Instagram and he shared a video of himself on the Eurovision blue carpet. As he made his entrance he said: "Little bit of craziness on the Eurovision carpet." READ MORE: Why did Israel have to pull out of Eurovision 2022? Sharing a photo of himself with his dancers, he said the experience was a "dream come true". When the news first broke that he would not be performing, he opened up to his fans about the situation. He said: "We make plans and God laughs. I have no control over anything that is not up to me. "Not the song, not the odds of my winning, not the conduct of the production team that was appointed to me and certainly not the physical safety of my team and myself when abroad. "The only thing I do have control over is the performance that I give and the appreciation for the privilege I have been given. "Our beautiful, free, open and democratic country has been going through such horrors in recent days that everything is else pales in comparison. "I am ready for anything to come and until then I will continue to work hard and give every drop of my heart and soul for the honour to represent my country this way." [Sic]  The Eurovision 2022 finale airs on BBC One on Saturday, May 14.