London’s Elizabeth Line will finally open this Tuesday after two decades since the railway plan was developed. The cross London network is one of the biggest boosts to the capital’s travel network, which Freedom pass holders have been able to travel on for free since 1973. Crossrail has been under development since 2002 and originally due to open in 2018. But the rail link was plagued by numerous setbacks and no shortage of controversies throughout its development. The scheme has cost £18.9 billion to date - £4.1 billion over the budget set in 2010. Launching just ahead of the Platinum Jubilee weekend, the Queen officially opened the line in May. According to the London Councils website: “Older Persons pass holders will be able to use their passes from 9am on weekdays and at all times at weekends and Bank Holidays on the entire Elizabeth line, up to and including Reading. “Disabled Persons pass holders will be able to use their passes at all times on the entire Elizabeth line up to and including Reading.” Freedom Pass is a concessionary travel scheme that provides free travel to residents of Greater London, who are aged 66 and over or who have a disability. The scheme is funded by local authorities and coordinated by London Councils. You do not need to be retired to have a freedom pass - they are available for all who meet the criteria over the age of 66. DON'T MISSElizabeth line 'to be catalyst to bring people back to London' [REPORT]Inside gruesome 'plague pit' uncovered during work for Elizabeth Line [INSIGHT]Elizabeth Line map: How the London Underground Tube map looks now [REPORT] Contactless pay-as-you-go payments are accepted across the line while daily and weekly capping remains in place for the Elizabeth line. Oyster cards can also be used, but will not be eligible for routes that travel outside of Greater London, such as to reading. For inter-London journeys, Oyster cards can be used and railcard discounts will apply. Elizabeth line fares will be identical to those on London Underground. Services currently operating as TfL rail will remain unchanged, although there will be a £7.20 premium on journeys to and from Heathrow. Folding bikes will be allowed at all times, and non-folding bikes will only be allowed during off-peak hours.