Bernie Ecclestone has insisted that he was not arrested in Brazil after a gun was found in his luggage by airport security as he tried to leave the country earlier this week. The 91-year-old, who previously served as chief executive of the Formula One Group, found himself at the centre of a media storm on Thursday when he was caught up in a 'silly, tiny little incident' that caused plenty of aggravation for himself and his family in Sao Paulo. It was reported local police had claimed that Ecclestone was apprehended due to an unregistered firearm having been spotted in an airport scan, before eventually paying a fine and boarding his private flight to Switzerland. He has since confirmed in an interview with Reuters that he was forced to shell out 6,060 reais (£1,007) bail before he was allowed to depart Brazil, but insisted that he did not believe the gun needed to be registered because he does not own any ammunition."I haven't had any publicity lately and I thought I ought to do something to get some," joked Ecclestone. "I was never arrested."They wanted it [the money] in local currency which we never had, so there was another drama trying to find the money. I was leaving the country, I didn't have any local money. It was a bleeding drama, unnecessary, over a nothing." JUST IN: Christian Horner likens Toto Wolff rivalry to Verstappen and Hamilton Ecclestone went on to explain that he purchased the gun, a LW Seecamp .32, from an F1 mechanic or tyre man in Brazil some years ago without any ammunition and purely to serve as a deterrent."They said you need something like this," he added. "It might work if someone tried to mug you or something, so I bought it from the guy."I had it in the house and used to muck around with it, if people came to visit me or something, we would joke around. It was never going to be shot, it never had any bullets so I never bothered to register it, I didn't know you had to." Ecclestone also said that he had left the gun in the pocket of a shirt, which was packed into his suitcase by those responsible for his luggage without them being aware of its presence. The former F1 supremo added that he stayed in the airport from 8pm until 5am the following morning in order to make statements and complete the necessary paperwork before leaving the airport on a private flight.He is married to Brazilian-born Fabiana Ecclestone, an FIA vice-president and member of the World Motor Sport Council. The latter's mother was kidnapped in Sao Paulo back in 2016 by criminals demanding a ransom before she was freed nine days later in a police raid without any money changing hands. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE