Rebekah Vardy, 40, claimed that the Wagatha Christie drama has had a negative effect on her career and she has lost work as a result. Ms Vardy is now suing Coleen Rooney for libel after the latter accused her Instagram account of leaking personal stories to the press. Ms Vardy says that she had a “potential book deal” lined up which has now been “turned down”.She also claims that a midwife company was going to make placenta pills for her after the birth of her fifth child, Olivia.In a now released witness statement, Ms Vardy claimed: “I had a midwife company lined up to make placenta capsules and they pulled out weeks before the birth,” as reported by The Mirror.The documents were released yesterday after agreement from lawyers on both sides of the case. READ MORE:Britney Spears fans taken aback by more naked pics amid concern Evidence included texts between Ms Vardy and her husband, Jamie Vardy. Screenshots of the messages saw Ms Vardy complain that she was being made a "scapegoat" during Euro 2016 and that news coverage made her "blood boil".  In June 2016, Mrs Vardy shared an article link with her husband that reported that Wayne Rooney had "held talks" with Mr Vardy about his wife."Seriously????" Mrs Vardy messaged her husband. He then replied: "No not at all babes x." "T***s trying to make me into a scapegoat X," Mrs Vardy said, with Mr Vardy responding: "F*****g a*******s x."Ms Vardy shared another article with the headline: "Wayne Rooney asks Jamie Vardy to make sure his wife lowers her social media profile during Euros".She commented: "Jesus... This must have come from somewhere!""Haha no1 said a word, probably the bl***y FA," Mr Vardy replied. DON'T MISSBrian McFadden cheated on Kerry Katona with a stripper at his stag do [NEWS]Jamie Oliver sparks fury over Eton Mess - 'Attack on working class!'[LATEST]Dick Van Dyke, 96, steps out in rare appearance with young wife, 50[INSIGHT] Mrs Vardy said: "Joke makes my blood boil X."A series of posts from Coleen Rooney's private Instagram between 2017 and 2019 were also released.They include a post celebrating her husband's birthday and another of Mr Rooney and three of their sons in pyjamas in bed. The mother-of-four claims that an article, later published in The Sun, referenced the two posts, including quoting the so-called "birthday post" "word-for-word".The seven-day trial at London’s High Court concluded on Thursday.Both women gave evidence and Mrs Justice Steyn is due to give her ruling at a later date.