Erik ten Hag will tell Cristiano Ronaldo he wants him to stay at Manchester United and play a key role in his first season as manager. The Dutchman is set to build the opening stage of his United rebuild around Ronaldo, who is under contract at Old Trafford until 2023. According to the Telegraph, Ten Hag wants Ronaldo in his plans next term, and the 37-year-old will be one of the first players he speaks to after leaving Ajax for the Premier League. The Dutchman would deem it 'foolish' to let the prolific United icon leave one year before his current deal expires. Ten Hag deems Ronaldo a 'key player', despite his plans to target a new striker this summer, and he isn't against building his first United team around him. He is currently weighing up options to get the best out of the Portugal international because he has plenty of work to do in other areas of the squad he will inherit. The report claims, however, that he could inform Ronaldo that he can't expect to start every match to maintain his condition, physical capabilities, and as a result, his form. He has endured challenging patches throughout this season because of United's over-reliance on his goal output. JUST IN: Jesse Lingard was given a brutal message from Man Utd during talks  Ronaldo has scored 24 goals in 37 appearances in all competitions since returning to Old Trafford last summer and has been a shining light in a catastrophic season. He's impressed many with his exploits, none more so than Ten Hag, who believes such an output would be difficult for any new signing to replicate. Ronaldo would be absent from the Champions League for the first time in 20 years if he decided to stay in M16. But he is understood to have accepted that outcome and wants to eventually leave the Red Devils at the end of a successful season. READ MORE: Chelsea chiefs 'frustrated' as Erling Haaland transfer plan put on ice  If the legendary forward receives an opportunity to stay in Europe's elite competition, which he has dominated throughout his entire career, he could have a change of heart. And the report states United wouldn't stand in his way if he decided to cut his contract short this summer. For now, Ronaldo looks set to be a United player next season and a pivotal part of Ten Hag's plans in his first campaign in the hot seat. Regardless of his future, it will be a summer transfer window of change at Old Trafford and a welcome one for many supporters. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.