Anderson - whose apparent crime was to say people should be taught to look after themselves not rely on handouts - is not just a Tory MP. Since he was elected in the former Labour constituency of Ashfield in Nottinghamshire he has become a totemic figure of the type of voter that was born to vote Labour but has now turned its back on a party that increasingly represents metropolitan, middle class, unpatriotic, woke elitists. Anderson was once a trade union activist and Labour Party member, representing them until recently as a county councillor in Nottinghamshire and working for the previous Labour Ashfield MP Gloria De Piero. In previous times there would have been no question that he would have stayed blindly loyal to the party of his birth and his community. The shift to the Tories came partly because he was a Brexiteer in a viciously Remainer party but also, as he has put it himself, because Labour’s values changed and abandoned the patriotic, hard working, working class voters like him. But it is the nature of the vitriolic attacks on Anderson this week which expose Labour and the Left in general for what they are. 1. A hatred of self-reliance In his Queen’s Speech response Anderson said: “You can't keep throwing money at the problem...Once somebody finds out they can cook meals relatively cheaply…a lot cheaper than spending money on frozen foods, and junk foods and takeaways and the chip shop... surely that’s got to be a winner.” It was this speech which provoked a political storm as the Left and Labour MPs, in particular, demanded he apologise for claiming the poor can’t cook or manage budgets. But unlike many of the frothing middle class lefties Anderson has actually experienced poverty and witnessed the problems caused by eroding self-reliance and family values in his own community. His is a voice of experience and he has worked with the volunteers in his local food bank to teach people to look after themselves and free themselves from dependency on others. Nothing exposes the modern Labour Party and its allies so much as attacking this viewpoint. In the end they want a dependency, benefits culture not a self reliant working one. That way you can control people and promote them as victims. Those who choose self-reliance are more likely to tick a different box to Labour’s in an election. READ MORE: SNP's dream come true: Britons think Boris will FAIL to stop UK split 2. A hatred of aspiration Perhaps one of the most insidious attacks over the weekend on Anderson was that he had bought himself a six-bedroom house. It somehow reminded me of a prominent leftwinger I know well who earns a six-figure salary and once turned down a chance to run for Parliament for Labour because “it would involve a big pay cut”. The hypocrisy of leftwing politics is astonishing sometimes. But again it exposes one of the big differences between the Left and the Right in British politics. Conservatives believe in aspiration for a better life for yourself and your family. The Left despises aspiration and improving your lot in life through hard work. How dare a working class man get himself a bigger house. It is almost as if the only people entitled to big houses are the virtue signalling leftwing middle class elites. This is why Labour and other parties of the Left opposed Margaret Thatcher’s famous right to buy policy which turned council house tenants into home owners.. It is also true from a Labour Party which opposes the grammar schools that helped social mobility for the least well off but where leading members like Diane Abbott and Shami Chakrabarti sent their children to private schools, and Emily Thornberry sent hers to a selective school. DON'T MISS I won’t take any lectures from Left over food bank row - LEE ANDERSON [INSIGHT]BBC's Sophie Raworth feisty slap down of 'rude' Ed Miliband [REACT]Emergency surgery doesn’t stop Bailey making his big speech [REVEAL] 3. A hatred of exploding the leftwing myths about Conservative MPs This is the only way you can explain the attack on Anderson’s annual expenses of £220,000 in 2020/21. While on the face of it such an expense claim does look bad when someone is telling others they need to manage budgets better, it does not stand up to scrutiny as an attack when you even faintly scratch the surface of detail. To put it in context £165,215.27 was spent on staff wages. Maybe Leftwingers think political staff should work for nothing? Another £33,144.30 on renting and running a constituency office. Maybe constituents shouldn't have access to their MPs, in the Leftwing world? Another £17,650.60 is the London accommodation allowance. Not exactly the expenses scandal of 2008. Only wealthy MPs like Jacob Rees-Mogg have zero expenses and foot the bill from their personal fortune. The truth is that Labour and the Left like to pretend all Tory MPs are millionaires to justify the bogus claim that they are all "out of touch with ordinary people" (not that Jacob Rees-Mogg is out of touch). The problem for them is that neither description remotely applies to the Conservative MP for Ashfield and his Red Wall Tory colleagues.