Richard Madeley and Charlotte Hawkins discussed whether patients should have to pay a £10 fine if they miss their scheduled doctor's appointment. The Good Morning Britain hosts welcomed Professor Martin Marshall, who was opposed to the idea, and Dr Daniel Olaiya who believed it would be beneficial to fine patients. The discussion arose after it was reported the taxpayer has already dished out around £120 million to cover the costs of no-shows in 2022 so far. Charlotte began the debate by discussing the £120million it costs the taxpayer when patients miss their GP appointments. Turning to Professor Martin Marshall to ask his thoughts, he said: "It is certainly very frustrating when people don't turn up appointments, particularly the time when general practices are under such enormous pressure. "But I don't think that my people are not turning up is the right answer." He went on to defend certain patients who may not be able to turn up to their appointment. READ MORE: Coronation Street’s Kevin Webster confirms character exit  "People are vulnerable," he continued. "They might have a mental health problem, they might have physical health problems, they might have other things on their minds. "Many of them are living very chaotic lives, particularly paying their bills, feeding their kids. "And in those kinds of situations, the last thing we want to do is to punish them for not turning up." Despite agreeing with the professor's points, Dr Daniel Olaiya told the hosts the fines are not about punishment: "It is about setting a standard." He said: "It's about appreciating what we have here. The NHS isn't in this fountain of healthcare of time and money. "And actually, it's under-resourced at the moment £1.41million a day or whatever the figure is, it's a lot of money, and it could be better spent elsewhere. "And I think we should challenge ourselves to be more businesslike because we have an NHS which is under pressure. "We need to be more efficient, and we need to be more economic." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Nicola King for affair as lies unravel [SPOILERS]Gentleman Jack's Suranne Jones talks 'tiring' Anne Lister role [CAST]‘I wasn't a big fan’ Outlander's Caitriona Balfe speaks on key change [INSIGHT] The debate certainly sparked a strong reaction online, and while many agreed with the idea, others were completely opposed to it. Iron-Man raged: "Why would [we] have to pay a fine for not turning up for my GP appointment ....would my GP pay me a fine for not attending to me when I'm on time? Most of the time I've been on time with my appointment but have to wait over my time appointment!" (sic) User @Crocidolite11 penned: "But…. The appeal process you muppet comes with its own costs, and more than likely with staff etc will outweigh the so-called money the NHS is losing #GMB." While user @selexiak added: "Rubbish. You can’t not turn up for a telephone appointment, which is all you can get these days. Who should be fined are the doctors who say they’re telephoning you at 11:00am and leave it until 4:00pm before they do."  "#GMB So here's where we blame the people for the disgrace that the #ToryScum have left the NHS in," Dan the Man raged. "Sometimes, people don't turn up to doctor's appointments BECAUSE they are ill." Ian Stewart went on to suggest: "Give people a free phone number to cancel. Perhaps it’s about time GPs start seeing patients face to face rather than a phone call or they should be fined." User @alectorious branded the concept as "nonsense" as he added: "It's a thin end of a wedge of paying for health care #gmb." Roger Coulson even went as far as to say that doctors should be fined when patients can't get an appointment. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV. 