Not everyone has received the correct sum from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). An oversight means it is thought some 134,000 pensioners missed out on the full sum they were entitled to. The historical error has impacted mostly women, with certain issues going as far back as 1985. Estimates have suggested approximately £1billion of state pension entitlements have been underpaid. The DWP has been taking action since 2021 to rectify the issue and reunite people with their cash. Thousands of people have already been identified as being underpaid, but this is not the end of the matter. READ MORE: ‘I just fell apart!’ Woman in tears after losing £525,000 in scam The Government states: “"Between January 11, 2021 and February 28, 2022 the checking process has identified 14,239 underpayments." Between them, the state pensioners are owed £94.3million, according to the DWP. The Department also broke down the groups which have been impacted by the back payments. Firstly, for married women, the average arrears payment was recorded as £7,399. The total amount repaid in this group - Category BL - in this period was £37.9million. Over 80s got an average arrears payment of £4,104, and a total amount repaid of £22.5million. Widowed individuals have received average arrears payments of £9,506, and a total of £33.9million. The underpayment identification exercise is not over. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Others may have been affected and have been encouraged to look into the issue. The Department has noted cases may be checked for more than one potential cause of error. As a result, an individual state pension claim may be counted in more than one category. It added the documents have been published for the sake of transparency. A DWP spokesperson told Express.co.uk: "The action we are taking now will correct the historical underpayments that have been made by successive governments and we are fully committed to addressing these as quickly as possible. "We have set up a dedicated team and devoted significant resources towards completing this, with further resources being allocated throughout 2022 and 2023 towards the underpayments exercise."