Donny Osmond underwent back and neck surgery in 2019 which had left him temporarily unable to move. The Puppy Love singer revealed his arms and legs went numb during the final performance of the musician and his sister Marie Osmond's Las Vegas residency. During their final show three years ago, Donny knew immediately something was wrong with him but the star's eager fans were none the wiser. The 64-year-old spoke candidly about the incident which led to a 12-month nightmare for the musician and proved a challenging time for the musician. While on the stage at the Flamingo Hotel, Donny explained he continued to perform after his body went numb. “I couldn’t feel my arms, then suddenly my legs too,” he explained. “I didn’t tell anyone what was happening to me. I just kept dancing and finished the show.” READ MORE: Jamie Oliver sparks fury over Eton Mess - 'Attack on working class!' The performer later visited doctors who found his spine had shifted due in part to previous dancing injuries, including one sustained when he won the US version of Strictly Come Dancing, called Dancing With The Stars in 2009. While his back and neck surgery was successful, Donny had a shocking discovery during his recovery while at his home in Utah. The former teen idol discovered that he had contracted a secondary infection and was unable to move. Donny told the Mirror: “I thought everything was going to be fine, but it couldn’t have been worse.  “I got a secondary infection which meant I wasn’t able to move.” When asked if he thought he may not be able to walk again, the singer said: “ Oh sure, absolutely. It absolutely crossed my mind. But I just didn’t take no for an answer.” It took months for Donny to get back on his feet, and he credited his Mormon faith as well as his wife of over 40 years, Debbie Osmond, for helping his recovery. Throughout his health ordeal, the singer said he also had the support of his five sons and 12 grandchildren. DON'T MISS... Monty Don shares first photos after welcoming new family arrival[LATEST]Naked protestor crashes Cannes Film Festival red carpet[PICTURES]Nadia Sawalha spills out of 'Kim Kardashian bikini' in stunning pics[INSTAGRAM] Addressing his wife, the performer added: “She knows exactly the sort of determination that I have and she knew I would be fine." Donny and Debbie have lived in marital bliss ever since they exchanged their wedding vows more than four decades ago. The longtime lovebirds became experts at maintaining their unbreakable bond even before saying “I do,” and it all started on the day Donny gave his spouse a kiss in 1976. Debbie was playing hard to get, and I wanted to plan something really, really special for our first kiss,” the Masked Singer alum once told Utah Valley Magazine of a sweet date he put together for Debbie. “I told her a limo would show up at her house at a certain time, and then we were headed to Sundance for dinner.” Following their meal, Debbie went on a scavenger hunt to find presents that Donny hid for her. Once she neared the end, her then-boyfriend asked her for a kiss and, of course, Debbie didn’t say no. Donny has since taken up a solo Las Vegas Residency following his return to the stage.