Writing on Instagram on Sunday, May 15, Michelle Obama said: “State lawmakers will have the power to strip womxn of the right to make decisions about their bodies and their healthcare.” According to some, the spelling of the word ‘woman’ has problematic, patriarchal roots and so the spelling of ‘womxn’ has been used as an alternative by some in recent years.  But Piers Morgan criticised Ms Obama for her spelling, writing on Twitter this morning [May 17]: “So in supposedly defending women’s rights, she can’t even use the word ‘women’ - unbelievable”. The leaked Supreme Court’s draft opinion indicated that the court, penned by Justice Samuel Alito, planned to overturn Roe v. Wade – the 1973 ruling that legalised abortion nationwide. Despite initially writing ‘womxn’ in one of the many slides on her post, she used the correct spelling in her caption, saying: “It’s been a tough couple of weeks since we saw the leaked SCOTUS draft opinion on abortion. "If it comes to pass, we may soon live in a country where millions of women — not to mention our children and grandchildren — lose the right to make decisions about their bodies and their health. READ MORE: UK 'must act' on hated Brexit deal as EU 'refuse negotiation'   “Even if we knew the courts were heading toward this day, it doesn’t make the frustration, grief, and fear any less real. “But we don’t have to stand idly by while others try to turn back the clock on progress. I’m so inspired by everyone out marching today. And I know that we’re going to see so many folks carrying this energy forward to the elections in November and in every election after that.” Michelle Obama completed her message by encouraging her 49.4million followers to check their voter registration status. The leak has caused uproar around the world, with women rights activists campaigning against the decision to overturn the famous Roe v. Wade ruling.Users were quick to comment on Pier’s Tweet, with one woman saying: “My gender will not be erased. I’m a WOMAN.”  DON'T MISS:M&S boss reveals Brexit has cost retailer £30 million [INSIGHT]Food prices could rocket by 10 percent this year - Britons warned [COMMENT]Prince Harry set to spark 'campaign of chaos' at Queen's Jubilee [ANALYSIS] With another defending Ms Obama’s spelling, writing: “I think what she said is more important than how she decides to spell a word. It’s not that important or that big of a deal.” Michelle Obama continued in her post: “If any of you are questioning whether or not your vote matters, I get it. “But state lawmakers are the ones who will determine whether abortion is safe, legal, and accessible in your communities. And we are the ones who determine our state lawmakers.” Pro-choice activists rallied at the Washington Monument before a march to the US Supreme Court on May 14. Ms Obama has become the most recent leader in the Democratic Party to release a statement on the court leak. 