Meghan Markle and Prince Harry made a decision to step back as senior working royals in 2020. Speaking on Sky News Australia about the Sussexes, Conservative columnist Meghan McCain claims that although she was previously a fan of the couple, they are "way too woke" for her now. Sky News Australia host Piers Morgan said: "Meghan [McCain], finally to you, are you a Meghan/Harry fan? "I have seen you be quite supportive of them, I think you were supportive of them after I had to leave my morning show actually". Ms McCain replied: "I am not a fan. "I was a fan at the beginning, I thought they were interesting and sort of, modernising the Royal Family but they are way too woke for me. "Harry came after the second amendment in this country, and I believe the first amendment as well. READ MORE: Prince Charles is 'in no mood to help' Camilla on royal engagements - like 'a spare part' "[The is] like huge, like if I had attacked the Queen, its the equivalent. "They are just too woke for me". Also speaking on Sky News Australia, Vanity Fair royal editor Katie Nicholl claimed Meghan and Harry's behaviour is "damaging to the crown". In January 2020, Meghan and Harry penned, in their official royal exit statement, that the decision to "step down" came "after many months of reflection and internal discussions". The couple made the decision to depart from the royal fold less than two years after getting married. They got married in London on May 19, 2018. READ MORE: 'What she would know?!' Meghan Markle savaged after grandstanding over working mothers Since their exit, the couple have created tension between themselves and the rest of the Royal Family with various antics, such as the "bombshell" interview with Oprah Winfrey last year. The "tell-all" interview took place just a year after their exit. During their interview with Oprah, Meghan and Harry accused a member of the family - not the Queen or Duke of Edinburgh - of making a racist comment about their son, Archie. Other revelations in the interview included Harry's admission he had become estranged from his father, the Prince of Wales. In the interview, Harry said, "I feel really let down", but added that he would make it one of his priorities "to try and heal that relationship". DON'T MISS Royal expert casts doubt on Harry's plan to use Jubilee to heal rift [INTERVIEW]Royal Family LIVE: Kate's security is 'constant worry' [LIVE BLOG]Ukraine destroys £3m Russian tank with £400 rockets in drone blast [VIDEO] Last month, Prince Harry also sat down for an interview with NBC Today, which also caused controversy. During the interview, The Duke of Sussex said that he wants to ensure that his grandmother, the Queen, is “protected” and has the “right people around her” Although no names were mentioned as to who he was referring to.