GB News TV host Dan Wootton took direct aim at Scotland’s First Minister Nicola Sturgeon’s “independence dream” while she was on a two-day visit to Washington DC. First Minister Sturgeon made the trip to the US capital to discuss independence and the constitutional future of the UK with a view to promoting Scotland overseas. While she was speaking at the Brooking Institute think tank and meeting congressional groups including House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, Conservatives accused the First Minister of promoting independence on the back of taxpayers’ money. TV host Dan Wootton threw the latest punch on GB News: "Scheming Sturgeon’s independence dream fell apart on a catastrophic US tour this week. "The Scottish First minister expected to be welcomed in Washington DC as some sort of liberal hero. "Instead, she’s made her plan for a future indyref2 look foolish. "She’s been criticised for undermining NATO and she unnecessarily waded into US electoral politics with a petty and immature digging Donald Trump.  "In fact, her grandstanding quote selfie to her has made dopy London mayor Sadiq Khan king of a stir of California who looked Churchillian by comparison." London mayor Sadiq Khan went on a five-day trip to the US last week, which was widely criticised over allegations that costs were paid for by taxpayers’ money. As part of her US tour, Nicola Sturgeon made a keynote speech to Washington DC’s Brooking Institute think tank. Mr Wootton continued: "Before Surgeon had even stepped off the plane to speak to the Brookings Institute, a senior fellow from that very same organisation had slammed her blatant politicising at a time of war in Europe. READ MORE: Sturgeon's independence and NATO plans destroyed in TWO words "Michael O'Harland told The Herald on Sunday that Sturgeon’s plan to hold a second referendum by the end of next year was quote weird and the timing was wrong given it quote might appear to weaken the alliance at a time when we need to project strength and resolve. "Meanwhile, her trip has sparked an SNP civil war over NATO. "In her speech, Sturgeon said Putin’s Ukraine invasion had strengthened her conviction that Scotland should join NATO post-independence." First Minister Sturgeon’s trip comes amid the Ukraine-Russia war and an internal political crisis in Northern Ireland. DON'T MISS:White House officials warned of Sturgeon's plan to 'undermine NATO' [REPORT]Sturgeon ally says Scotland should leave NATO [REPORT]Sturgeon's anti-trident stance to cause UK major 'headache' [REPORT] Ms Sturgeon’s statement puts the SNP at odds with the Scottish Greens – a member of the two-party coalition she governs. In 2012, the SNP’s former leader Alex Salmond made it clear the party was anti-NATO. In her speech to the Brookings Institute, First Minister Sturgeon reversed that stance. She said: "We are clearer than ever that membership of NATO would not only be vital to NATO’s security although it would certainly be that, it would also be the principal way in which an independent Scotland in an interdependent world order would contribute to the collective security of our neighbours and allies."