Vladimir Putin has sparked speculation about his health after political analysis began to notice changes in his appearance since he resumed public duty following the Coronavirus pandemic. Russia's leader effectively disappeared from the public eye during the health crisis and only recently began to be pictured once again surrounded by his aides, albeit keeping them at a distance. Lord Dannatt noted Putin appeared rather "puffy" and struggling to move "freely" as he walked around during the Victory Day parade held in Moscow on Monday.  Lord Dannatt said: "I was really just commenting on how President Putin looked. "He doesn't seem to be moving as freely and as easily as one has seen him to in the past. "I think we've all commented that, actually, he looked pretty puffy around the face. "I don't know how well or how unwell he is, there's some people circulating rumours he's got cancer of some sort. JUST IN: Putin left devastated as Russian invaders obliterated in rare aerial frontline footage "I don't know. But if he goes under a bus, metaphorically or realistically, will the replacement be more any better?" Claims have emerged since before the start of the invasion of Ukraine in February suggesting Putin has been suffering from some sort of ailment. The Russian leader has indeed appeared puffier since resuming his public meetings but no confirmation has been offered as to the current state of his health. Putin took to the ledger on Monday to pay tribute to the dead of World War II as the Russian armed forces showcased their equipment in a clear show of strength set up to terrify Ukraine. READ MORE: Putin humiliated on state TV as Russian colonel admits military 'cannot compete' with Kyiv During his speech, Putin once again rejected claims he launched his so-called "special military operation" without justification, claiming Kyiv's growing alliance with NATO sparked concerns about the security of Russian borders. He said: "In Kyiv, they announced the possible acquisition of nuclear weapons, the NATO bloc began actively taking military control of territories adjacent to ours. "As such, an absolutely unacceptable threat to us was systematically created, and moreover directly on our borders. "Everything indicated that a clash with the neo-Nazis, the Banderites [Ukrainian Nazi sympathisers], backed by the United States and their junior partners, was inevitable." DON'T MISS: Ukrainian drone takes out Russian landship ship - VIDEO [WATCH] We have let Putin run riot for too long, says PAUL BALDWIN [COMMENT] Russians 'apathy growing towards war' [REPORT] He continued: ""In December last year, we proposed the conclusion of an agreement on security guarantees. Russia called on the West to enter an honest dialogue, in search of reasonable compromise solutions, to take each other's interests into account. It was all in vain." "NATO countries did not want to listen to us, meaning that they in fact had entirely different plans, and we saw this." He also once again defended his decision to launch an invasion while still refusing to call the ongoing conflict a war. Putin added: "We saw military infrastructure being ramped up, hundreds of military advisers working and regular deliveries of modern weapons from NATO. "(The level of) danger was increasing every day. Russia preventively rebuffed the aggressor. It was necessary, timely and ... right. "The decision of a sovereign, strong, independent country."