Phill (played by Jamie Kenna) was full of remorse as the latest instalment of Coronation Street got underway as Fiz (Jennie McAlpine) discovered earlier this week he was planning on writing a true crime novel about her ex-husband. After having an argument with Tyrone Dobbs (Alan Halsall) and pleading his case about how he didn't mean any harm to come to his partner, he went to speak to her face to face. However, he seemed to drop a hint in the midst of the conversation about how he could make his exit from the ITV soap and it would be utterly heartbreaking for Fiz. As the two characters spoke, Fiz didn't hold back as she said: "You were sneaky and you lied to me, covered your tracks." "The big mistake was I wasn't upfront about it," Phill explained, adding: "I should have discussed it with you first. "But, I just let my ego get in the way. I didn't really know what love was before I met you," he continued before dropping the death bombshell. Phill explained: "Every time I looked at you, my heart would skip a beat which is not so good for someone of my age." Although this could have been a passing comment, it could also be an indicator of what is to come as the conversation soon changed. READ MORE: Natalie J Robb age: How old is Emmerdale's Moira Barton star? "It didn't matter what we did as long as we were together," he added, stating: "Whether that was slobbing out on the sofa watching television or having a hot pot in the Rovers. "I could just truly relax with you and be myself. Just spending time with you was enough and I cannot believe I've gone and ruined something so special. "I'm going to regret it for the rest of my days and it's killing me I have to say goodbye," he continued before going to walk out of the room. However, he was stopped in his tracks as Fiz said she was willing to forgive him for what he did and move on to look towards the future. Delighted with his partner's change of mind, Phill got down on one knee and pulled out an engagement ring to propose to Fiz. Towards the end of the episode, it was revealed Fiz had accepted Phill's offer and she was looking forward to building their life together. This will include the renovations of their house and trying to organise their wedding, which could happen in the next few months. Tyrone never managed to take Fiz down the aisle so this is her dreams coming true, just with Phill instead of her former lover. She will want everything to be perfect for the big day and she would do everything in her power to make sure it goes ahead without a hitch. Unfortunately, this might not happen as Phill could end up having a heart attack as the pair are exchanging their vows. DON'T MISS...Corrie's Simon Gregson reacts to 'awful' acting claim [COMMENT]Coronation Street's Alex Bain seen in wheelchair after hospital dash [PICTURES]Bill Roache wanted to leave Corrie and work with Clint Eastwood [COMMENT] This would be Fiz's worst nightmare as she has already lost one husband and she would possibly be losing another potential hubby. Although the medics could do everything they could to revive Phill, they could pronounce him dead at the scene in a tragic turn of events. Fiz would have to grieve for her husband-to-be whilst trying to look after two children on her own, as she would try to steer clear of Tyrone. Despite knowing he would be there as a support for her, she couldn't allow herself to be overwhelmed by her emotions and something end up happening between them. But in the weeks and months after Phill's death, will she finally decide to give her relationship with Tyrone another go? Despite being rumbled over his secret love for true crime, Phill could be the one that got away for Fiz if he does die. The actor who plays Phill, Jamie, spoke out about whether his character could have a dark side or if he really is the one for Fiz. Jamie explained: "Jennie McAlpine constantly goes, 'That's a seed planted' about various things. I think she's so used to having people turn bad on her, I keep saying, 'I might not turn out to be bad'. "If they are going to do something like that, I hope they take a long time because I want to stay on the show as long as possible. "There are other avenues that they could take him down, as opposed to the serial killer one. I mean, Fiz has already been married to one of those – it'd be a bit harsh if she got another one," he told Inside Soap. But could his time be cut short to discover if Phill has a dark side if he is struck down on the couple's wedding day? Fans of the show have been sharing their thoughts on the latest storyline twist on Twitter, with Vanity Pending writing: "Can we end Phill and Fiz now and just put her back with Tyrone please? #corrie." Linda added: "I love the #Corrie plot twist about Phill writing a true-crime book about John Stape! Yes, Hope is a monster but I’m glad she attacked his car." Justin commented: "I still bet Tyrone and Fiz get back together behind Phill’s back. #Corrie." Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.