At least eight million people qualify for this payment of £650 announced by Chancellor Rishi Sunak last week. The payment will be made to people who receive Universal Credit, legacy benefits and Pension Credit. Cash strapped Britons who rely on Universal Credit and legacy benefits will be keen to find out when they will receive the payment announced by Rishi Sunak. Millions of benefit claimants will receive a one off payment of £650 plus a further £400 energy bills discount over the next few months to help them pay with the cost of living. To qualify for the £650 payment people need to be claiming Universal Credit or legacy benefits on May 25. Legacy benefits include Working Tax Credits, Child Tax Credits, Pension Credit, income based jobseeker’s allowance, income related employment and support allowance, and income support. READ MORE: Carers and PIP claimants to miss out on Rishi Sunak’s £650 handout The payment will be made in two lump sums, with one paid in July and another in autumn. The Government said: "Payments from HMRC for those on tax credits only will follow shortly after each to avoid duplicate payments." Benefit claimants will be paid automatically and don’t need to do anything to receive the money. However, millions of people who aren’t on means-tested benefit claimants yet rely on Carer’s Allowance or Personal Independence Payments won’t receive the first payment of £650. Around four million people rely on Carer’s Allowance and (PIP) but don’t necessarily claim Universal Credit or one of the legacy benefits. DON'T MISSState pension payments set to change next month [UPDATE]Millions of households unable to claim £150 council tax rebate [WARNING]Energy bills: Will all pensioners get £300? [INSIGHT] Carers are saving the British economy £132billion a year but will not automatically receive this help, money saving expert Martin Lewis highlighted last week. Meanwhile, millions of people are being moved from legacy benefits to Universal Credit. The DWP has launched a new section on the Universal Credit website for Tax Credit customers explaining the difference between the benefits. It also has a handy benefits calculator so people can see the difference for themselves. On the Government website it states: “The six benefits being replaced all have complex and inefficient systems based on ageing, inflexible IT. “Universal Credit uses a modern, digital system which stood up to the test of Covid-19 where it quickly ensured three million new claimants were protected from the financial impact of the pandemic.” Claimants moving to Universal Credit will receive a two-week run-on of their Income Support, Income-Based Jobseeker’s Allowance, or Income-Related Employment and Support Allowance. Those moving from Housing Benefit will receive a two-week transition to Universal Credit Housing Payment. Millions of Britons could be eligible for up to 30 additional freebies including: