On the latest episode of Better Call Saul, Rhea Seehorn who starred as Kim Wexler in the Breaking Bad prequel took on a new role. The actress worked behind the scenes and made her directorial debut, which she opened up about.  Monday night’s episode of the acclaimed crime drama titled ‘Hit and Run’ was met with a ton of praise from fans. Viewers flooded Seehorn with applause after it was revealed the episode was also her directorial debut. Even though she still appeared on screen as Kim Wexler, the actress was also working off-screen and sharing her creative direction for the episode. Seehorn opened up about her new role during an interview with The Hollywood reporter and shared some major insights. READ MORE: Outlander theory: Jamie Fraser ghost explained in fortune teller clue Speaking on her first day as a director, Seehorn shared: “It wasn’t my choice, but the first day of shooting, just because of locations and availability of certain people and this, that and the other, was the nail salon scene. “So it was a giant crowd of people, many of whom I don’t know, and a lot of technical stuff that had to be taken care of, so that was a bit trial-by-fire. But it was fun.” Seehorn’s directorial debut was a long time coming as viewers were first introduced to her character in season one. Although she doesn't appear in Breaking Bad, fans got to know the character throughout the series before her anticipated death.  Although Better Call Saul kicked off with Jimmy McGill’s (Bob Odenkirk) transformation into the criminal lawyer Saul Goodman, the focus has shifted to Kim, who also happened to be his wife. In the recent episode, viewers learned the car following Kim was actually Gus Fring’s (Giancarlo Esposito) efforts to find Lalo Salamanca (Tony Dalton) before he finds him. Gus was also pulling out all the stops that he even decided to live in two houses at once, with one being his normal style and the other being connected to the first by a secret tunnel. He also had security watching the house, to ensure all eyes were open for any approaches at any time.  DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan digs at Meghan Markle after Netflix cancellation [INSIGHT]Better Call Saul’s Rhea Seehorn inundated with praise after directing [REACTION]Better Call Saul season 6 theory: Mike to kill Kim Wexler after clue? [THEORY] The episode also saw Kim and Mike Ehrmantraut (Jonathan Banks) meet for the very first time. As it was their first scene together, Kim soon realised it in fact wasn’t their first time meeting, and remembered he had once worked in the courthouse car park. At the end of their conversation, she asked him: “You’re the attendant?” to which Mike responded: “I was.” After the two spoke about Lalo’s existence viewers saw her anxiety at the thought of him being alive after she acknowledged how dangerous he was.  Despite this, she was able to push her fears aside when she met with Saul to boost his ego about his new office, after deciding not to tell him about Lalo. This office space is another step closer to Breaking Bad as it was the same one Saul had in the series, which meant viewers will see the early days of the space and everything that will go down. Even though Jimmy assured Kim the office would be temporary, Breaking Bad fans will know this isn't the case, as he was there until he moved to Mexico. As the series is gradually beginning to connect with Breaking Bad, fans will have to stay tuned to see what other important clues the show will include. Better Call Saul airs on AMC and Netflix on Mondays. 