Talks are set to take place this week to see if a solution can be found to the growing number of motorhomes and campervans clogging up a busy seafront road on sunny weekends at a popular tourist hotspot. Currently, there are no restrictions on Felixstowe seafront, with drivers allowed to park-up and sleep overnight. Some local residents say the number of overnight campers does little to help the economy of the local area. Felixstowe Mayor and Councillor Mark Jepson said he would seek support from fellow town councillors to look into new measures to be introduced. Frustrated locals have reported seeing up to 35 vehicles parked, some with two wheels on the promenade. It is feared that heavy vehicles like motorhomes could cause damage to the paving, with other residents concerned about the lack of space. READ MORE: Driver solves mystery after receiving multiple unknown parking fines This is often exacerbated by holidaymakers puting tables and chairs on the promenade. Felixstowe’s Town Council’s planning and environmental committee are set to meet this week with officers from Suffolk and East Suffolk Councils., according to East Anglian Daily Times. The town council said it "understands that there are currently no restrictions preventing overnight sleeping at this location and is keen to understand what options may be available, should it be sought to control the parking of such vehicles". Some locals have suggested introducing restrictions which would see campervans and motorhomes being charged to visit, which could act as a deterrent. DON'T MISSdriver fined £90 for charging EV in an empty car park [SHOCKING]Mum fined £130 for 'driving down the road' and missing road sign [INSIGHT]'Total disgrace!' Britons banned from driving in Spain - £1,100 test [IMPORTANT] Scarborough in North Yorkshire have also put new laws in place outlining where motorhomes are not allowed to park in specified streets between 11pm and 7am each day. There have been calls in recent years for more to be done to prevent beaches and coastal areas from being overrun by leisure vehicles. Last year, Lincolnshire County Council restricted motorhomes from being able to stay overnight at popular tourist spots including Skegness. They said that motorhome owners would no longer be able to use facilities owned by the council and would now have to pay for parking at council-owned car parks. The new rules were brought about after residents complained of obstructive parking and reducing space for other visitors to the beach. A number of popular tourist hotspots in Kent were also looking into the possibility of banning campervan and motorhome owners from parking up overnight. The proposals put forward by Kent County Council suggested introducing a traffic order prohibiting them from stopping between 6pm and 6am every day. There had been complaints of larger leisure vehicles taking up parking bays, creating noise and leaving a mess. This comes as Scottish state-owned ferry operator CalMac (Caledonian MacBrayne) announced a ban on motorhomes, campervans and caravans from standby queues for sailings around Scotland. CalMac said the change would be introduced in August 2021 to “prioritise passengers who may need accommodation and to ensure that deck space and capacity is used more effectively.” The ferry operator confirmed it would be a permanent change, but it would be reviewed in the future.