Celebrations for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee will kick off later this week at the Royal Windsor Horse Show with four nights of pomp and pageantry. The event will be broadcast live by ITV on Sunday night and members of the Royal Family are expected to make an appearance. Here's everything you need to know about the 'Gallop Through History' event at Windsor this week and how you can watch it on TV.  The private grounds of Windsor Castle will be the backdrop of The Queen's Platinum Jubilee Celebration taking place from Thursday to Sunday this week at the Royal Windsor Horse Show. Every night of the four-day show will feature a 90-minute performance of 'A Gallop Through History' in front of a live audience. The spectacle will include more than 1,000 performers and 500 horses and it will demonstrate the story of the monarchy starting from the age of Queen Elizabeth I. The Platinum Jubilee website says spectators can expect a piece of "spellbinding arena theatre" including a host of "actors and artists, musicians, international military displays from the Commonwealth, Europe and our own Armed Forces, dancers and global equestrian displays."   READ MORE: Sussexes tipped for 'second Oprah interview' for 'damage control' Royal attendance is expected each night, and fans can reportedly also expect appearances from many of the Queen's great-grandchildren at the special final performance. A Gallop Through History will begin at 8.15pm on each night of the event but it will only be aired on TV on Sunday night. The gala performance on Sunday, May 15 will close off the last night of the show, and a host of celebrities are due to attend.  If you want to catch the rest of the events at the Royal Windsor Horse Show, the full timetable can be found here.   Sunday's gala event will be split into four acts with four different celebrity hosts, which ITV has confirmed to be Tom Cruise, Damian Lewis, Adjoa Andoh and Alan Titchmarsh. Dame Helen Mirren will be taking on the role of Queen Elizabeth I, while Omid Djalili will introduce a cast of 'Queen's Players' in character as 'The Herald'. Musical talents that will also be taking part in the celebrations include Keala Settle, Gregory Porter and Katherine Jenkins. Young members of the Royal Family including Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis are also said to appear in a carriage at this event.  DON'T MISS:Queen knew Prince Harry would 'want out' ahead of shock exit [INSIGHT] Prince Charles announces bonfire of EU red tape [ANALYSIS]Camilla Duchess of Cornwall opts for chic navy coat dress today [PICTURES] The Platinum Jubilee Celebration requires a ticket to watch in person, but people can still watch the action from home live on ITV on Sunday evening. Phillip Schofield and Julie Etchingham will host the live ITV broadcast ‘The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee Celebration’. Billed guests include Adjoa Andoh, Lord Andrew Lloyd Webber, Ant & Dec, Dame Joan Collins, Sir Mo Farah, Dame Maureen Lipman, Sir David Jason, Alan Titchmarsh, Dame Kelly Holmes, Moira Stuart and Sir Trevor McDonald.   The ITV broadcast will air from 8pm until 10.40pm on Sunday evening. Katie Rawcliffe, Head of ITV Entertainment Commissioning said: “We’re thrilled to be broadcasting the first televised event for The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee here on ITV. "To mark this momentous occasion, we’ll be bringing the nation a celebratory, star-studded show, complete with show-stopping performances and an epic journey through history, told by some of the most well-renowned and respected names in film and television.” The show can be watched on catch-up via ITV Hub if you miss all the live action on Sunday. 