Former Conservative MP, Brooks Newmark, has helped save over 7,500 Ukrainian refugees since the start of the invasion. Having travelled the length of the country while undertaking the huge humanitarian effort, Mr Newmark has seen the destruction inflicted by Russian forces first hand. He believes the UK may soon have to engage in direct military conflict with Russia in order to stand up to Putin. Mr Newmark made the prediction before Prime Minister Boris Johnson this week announced that the UK would support Finland and Sweden in the face of Russian aggression, pledging British troops should the countries fail in their NATO membership bids. Noting that Putin “already thinks he is at war with us,” the former politician said: “We should stop this pretence that we are going to annoy Putin — he couldn’t be more annoyed. “He thinks we are involved in the war and [and that] he is in a battle with NATO. "We were prepared to go into Iraq and Afghanistan, Ukraine is a European country and on our border. "We can't just sit by and see what happened in Bucha, see the devastation, and stand by while Putin ups the stakes with these war crimes. "Putin committed war crime after war crime in Syria, we saw the devastation in east Aleppo. He thinks he can march into Ukraine and kill with impunity." He went on: "My approach is much more hawkish on this than most. My view is that if he continues down the track that he is, we may have to stand up and be counted. We may have to get involved in this war in a more direct way. "If we can't do that, we must give Ukraine every piece of military assistance possible." The UK has been one of the leading Western nations helping Ukraine since the start of the invasion. Recently, Prime Minister Boris Johnson pledged £300million in extra military aid for Ukraine. In March, the Kremlin branded Mr Johnson public enemy number one and the "most anti-Russian" leader, also labelled “the most active participant in the race to be anti-Russian” Mr Johnson hit back, saying: "Absolutely not, least of all me. “I think I'm probably the only Prime Minister in UK history to be called Boris, I think I have that distinction, and I'm not remotely anti-Russian. READ MORE: Putin eyes Finland with fears Russia will stop oil supplies today "But I think what we all agree is that what Vladimir Putin is doing, the way he's leading Russia at the moment, is utterly catastrophic, that his invasion of Ukraine is inhuman and barbaric. "And the conduct of that invasion is now moving into the type of behaviour that, as I said before, we haven't seen in the continent of Europe for 80 years, and it's horrific. "So you can be sympathetic towards ordinary Russians, who are being so badly led, but you can be deeply hostile to the decisions of Vladimir Putin.” Meanwhile, after extending support to Finland and Sweden, Mr Johnson said: “We have been forced to discuss how best to fortify our shared defences against the empty conceit of a 21st-century tyrant.” DON'T MISS Ukraine: Putin humiliated as Russian troops 'pushed away' How the UK, US and their allies could respond to a nuclear attack The 2 clear signs that Vladimir Putin is suffering with ill health Appearing at a press conference alongside Sauli Niinisto, Finnish president, he was asked whether there would be "British boots on the ground" during a possible conflict with Russia, he said: "Yes, we will come to each other's assistance, including with military assistance." Mr Niinisto told Putin to "look in the mirror," if he wondered why Finland might join Nato and added "You caused this.” The Kremlin has already threatened the Nordic countries with "military consequences" if they tried to join NATO. If the countries were attacked post-NATO membership, the UK and other alliance members would be obliged to respond militarily. A key aspect of NATO membership is Article 5, which declares an attack on one NATO member is an attack on all NATO members.