Temperatures are set to hit 25C, with Met Office forecaster Simon Partridge predicting Sunday will surpass Saturday where temperatures rose to 24C in the south east in what was 2022's warmest day to date. However there will also be showers and thunder on Sunday.  Mr Partridge said: "Further north will be drier and with clear skies it will feel much fresher here away from the muggy air down across southern counties."And that's how we really start off on Sunday morning, grey with some outbreaks of rain in the south. "A few showers just making their way into the south western parts of Scotland."But during the day, the sun will come out, the cloud will break and that will allow temperatures to climb once again. "And down in the southeast, we could see highs of 25 degrees and that will be the hottest day of the year so far. "But with that warm and muggy air, we will then see further showers start to push in from the south once again through the overnight period.  "And again, we will see a risk of thunder for many southern parts of the country." According to the Met Office there will be "outbreaks" of rain on Sunday which could become heavy. The meteorological service also said that there was the possibility of thunder on Sunday evening. They said: "Outbreaks of rain, perhaps heavy, continuing to drift northwards; northwest Scotland fine and warm. READ MORE: UK weather: Brits to sizzle in 24C heat on warmest day of the year  "Turning brighter in the south, where it feels warm and humid with isolated showers, turning thundery overnight." The Met Office added that although some fine weather will continue as the week progresses with the potential for more unsettled weather. They said: "Warm air from the south will bring above average temperatures to most places in the UK over the next week, but a series of low-pressure systems will break up any potential sustained warm periods with showers and unsettled weather. "In recent days the Met Office computer models have been indicating some uncertainty around the outcome of the interaction between continental high pressure – bringing warm and settled conditions – and low-pressure systems over the Atlantic which will bring wet and breezy weather. DON'T MISS:  UK weather forecast: Thunderstorms to drench Britain as nation bakes [REVEAL] Turbulent weekend for Brits with sweltering heat and thunderstorms [INSIGHT] BBC Weather: 'unsettled' weekend as sun turning into 'thunderstorms'  [SPOTLIGHT] "With the warmth will come dry and sunny spells for many, but showers, sometimes heavy, will also track across the whole country, particularly the north and west. These might be thundery at times in parts of the south, central England and south-west Scotland. Met Office Chief Meteorologist Andy Page said: “The plume of warm air we have been expecting from the south will bring higher temperatures across the whole country over the next week. "However, it looks like the effects from the Atlantic lows will prevent sustained high pressure building from the east. "This means that while we might see some warm - and in places very warm – days, overall the next week will feel more like what we would expect of a warm spell in May, with some heavy showers around, rather than hot summery weather." 