The images were taken from the body-worn camera of the 53-yearold's colleague, police community support officer Emma Carmichael. She and other police staff had been alerted when a family out walking spotted Julia's Jack Russell Toby wandering on his own with his lead dragging behind him. One of them saw Julia lying on the ground and dialled 999, the court heard. As the video clip was played to the jury, Julia's husband Paul was seen wiping his face. Emma had been first on the scene and saw Julia lying face down, dressed in a blue coat with the hood up. Emma told Canterbury Crown Court: "I approached and I said, 'Can you hear me?' and touched her back." She then called out "hello?" several times before reporting on her radio that it was a suspicious death. Julia's mobile phone was nearby and ringing, Emma added. The mum of two had been messaging family and friends as she walked in Ackholt Wood close to her home in the village of Snowdown, Kent, on April 27 last year. Her last message was sent at 2.25pm - just minutes before she was killed. The court has heard she was battered to death with a 3ft-long, 7lb railway jack - used for lifting train tracks. Callum Wheeler, 22, of nearby Aylesham, denies murder. However, he accepts he is responsible for her death. Jurors were told he had been seen several times in the aftermath of the attack. On April 28 there were various sightings of him carrying a holdall with the heavy bar sticking out and covered with plastic bags. Gamekeeper Gavin Tucker, who was working for the farm that owned the wood, took a photo of the suspect. He had driven up to Wheeler and asked him what he was doing. Gavin told the court: "He said he was lost or new to the area. I knew he was telling lies." As Wheeler ran off, Gavin phoned 999. He said: "It may be nothing to do with it, but there's a suspicious fella I have just approached. "He was running off and there has been a death down at Ackholt Wood." Earlier in the trial, Alison Morgan QC, prosecuting, said that Wheeler had "toured" the area with the weapon, possibly "goading" police or looking for somewhere to dispose of it. The trial continues.