Rafael Nadal advanced to the last-eight in Madrid by the skin of his teeth with a 6-3 5-7 7-6(9) win over David Goffin in the third-round after three hours and 10 minutes. It was just the second match of his comeback and and he held match points in the second set after less than 90 minutes of the match, before being dragged into a third where he was forced to save match points in the tiebreak. He will now face either Cam Norrie or Carlos Alcaraz in what could be a battle of the Spaniards on home soil. Nadal and Goffin were facing off for a seventh time, with the Belgian winning their last encounter at the 2020 ATP Cup. It was a strong start for Nadal, who held to love and immediately set up a break point on his opponent’s serve but the world No 60 managed to save it and settled into the match, breaking Nadal himself to lead 3-2 as the Spaniard hit back-to-back double faults and received a time violation from umpire Richard Haigh at deuce. But it was a reversal of fortune for Goffin, who himself hit back-to-back doubles faults before going 0-40 down, and the world No 4 was able to convert his second break point to get things level again at 3-3. The 31-year-old didn’t back down and set up a break point on Nadal’s serve in the very next game but he wasn’t able to take the lead over the home favourite. From a break down at 2-3, Nadal went on to win the next four games in a row to close out a 6-3 first set in 48 minutes. The former world No 7 managed to end the 35-year-old’s run of games and hold to open the second set but it was then ten straight points for the third seed, who held and broke to love, going 30-0 up at 2-1 before he finally hit his first unforced error of the second set in the fourth game. He followed it up with a double-fault but managed to hold into his lead as both players continued to hold on for the next few games. JUST IN: Djokovic explains why Murray rivalry is more 'special' than Nadal  Goffin was forced to save a match point while serving at 5-3 down and managed to save another on the Spaniard's own serve a game later, setting up his first break point of the second set and converting it to keep himself alive in the match at 5-5. Having hit a purple patch late, Goffin continued his run of games as he won the last four of the second set to close it out 7-5 and force a decider, saving two match points en route. Nadal was unable to clinch more opportunities at the start of the third, quashing two break point chances before he finally held serve to win his first game since leading 5-3 in the second. Both men hold on, taking the match to a final set tiebreak. It was Nadal who took an early mini-break lead off the back of a long ball from Goffin and took a second mini-break before losing both with the recent Marrakech champion winning three points on the bounce to draw level at 4-4 A smash from the Belgian set up two match points at 6-4, more than 90 minutes after Nadal had match point. He served for it at 6-5 but dumped the ball into the net, as the players changed ends level at 6-6. He set up another match point at 7-6, with Nadal playing his first drop shot of the match to save it. The third seed let out a huge cry of "vamos" as he fired a forehand winner to finally get back to match point for the third time, saved by another smash from Goffin. DON'T MISSEmma Raducanu eyes long-term tennis legacy with LTA schools tour planDjokovic's reaction to Murray withdrawal highlights French Open intentNadal and Djokovic to lose out if they win French Open despite boost  A third overhead set up a fourth match point for the former world No 7, once again saved by Nadal with a drop shot. He roared again when setting up another match point of his own at 10-9 and this time managed to clinch the mini-break and close out a 6-3 5-7 7-6(9) victory after more than three hours. It means Nadal reaches the 99th Masters 1000 quarter-final of his career, where he will next face the winner of tonight's third-round match between Carlos Alcaraz and Cam Norrie. He faced the young Spaniard exactly a year ago in the second round, on what was Alcaraz's 18th birthday. The current world No 9 was making his Masters 1000 debut as a wildcard in Madrid last year, getting his first win at Masters level in the opening round against Adrian Mannarino before losing 6-1 6-2 to his elder compatriot. A year later, he returns in Madrid as one of the favourites for the title with four titles under his belt, three of them coming this year which includes his maiden Masters title in Miami. The 19-year-old is also fresh off the back of his top 10 debut after winning the Barcelona Open, achieving both feats exactly 17 years to the day since a then-18-year-old Nadal won the first of his 12 Barcelona Open titles and broke into the top 10 for the first time, which he hasn't dropped out of ever since.