Many jet-setters are planning on taking international trips this summer for the first time in more than two years, since the start of the pandemic. Ryanair chief executive Michael O’Leary warned Ryanair passengers that prices may be higher this summer. He also gave a warning on delays. He spoke to BBC's Radio 4 about the changes. "Prices will be up by, I think, in the first quarter, they’ll be down on pre-Covid up to June, for the September-quarter at the moment, based on about 50 percent of all bookings, we expect prices will be up high single-digit percent. "It seems to us that there will be higher prices into that peak summer period because there’s so much demand for the beaches of Europe and those price rises going to continue." The boss predicted that Ryanair would be at 115 percent of their pre-Covid capacity this summer. READ MORE: Travel tips: Save £192 on family flights with clever booking trick The airline is putting in provisions for an influx of passengers. "We’re adding new aircraft, new bases, over 700 new routes." But he warned that getting through airports this summer would be no easy feat and delays are likely. Summer travel may prove "challenging" for Britons, the expert predicted. He spoke about pinch-points at UK airports, claiming that too many employees have been sacked. He particularly emphasised that travellers flying from Manchester Airport must allow themselves extra time. Airports across the UK have struggled in recent weeks due to staff shortages, coupled with increased travel over the Easter period. Michael said: “We would hope to see those pinch-points eliminated by the end of June in time for the peak summer period." Those hoping for cheaper travel may do well to book holidays for the colder months. Michael O'Leary predicted an "economic downturn" next winter. However, low-budget airline Ryanair is set for success, according to the chief executive. In times of recession, the "lowest cost provider" - which is Ryanair in the UK and Europe - does better. This is because they can sustain lower prices, he explained. Ryanair has reported narrowed annual losses of £302million, but and hopes to return to “reasonable profitability” in its current financial year. However, due to the ever-changing situation around Covid and now the conflict in Ukraine, it is "impractical, if not impossible" to advise holidaymakers regarding their 2022-2023 travel plans. Ryanair revealed that their traffic recovered well, carrying 97.1 million guests, up from just 27.5 million the year before. thanks to the lifting of pandemic restrictions. This was due to an easing of restrictions, which continue to lift across the globe. Ryanair hopes to reach 165 million passengers this year, which is more than their record level seen pre-Covid, 149 million. This, however, will involve slashing prices due to continued uncertainty regarding travel.