Tasha St Patrick (played by Naturi Naughton) was at the centre of some of Power’s biggest storylines throughout its time on Starz, and even played a pivotal role in spin-off, Book II: Ghost. However, Naughton’s expertise on-screen didn’t stop in the Power universe as she’s recently been entertaining viewers as part of the cast of ABC drama, Queens. However, in what’s bound to be sad news for the star and its fans, Queens will not be returning to ABC for a second season. The network has decided to cancel Queens after just one season on the air. Queen followed Naughton’s character alongside Eve and Nadine Velazquez as they played the members of the 1990s girl group, Nasty B*****s. According to TVLine, the cancellation comes following rather disappointing ratings throughout its debut run. READ MORE: The Blacklist: Kurt Perez title card leaves NBC viewers emotional The drama averaged below 1.9 million total viewers along with a 0.5 demo rating. This meant Queens was ranked as the lowest in terms of audience among the eight shows ABC aired this season. Queens even took the unwanted record as the least-watched non-CW freshman drama. ABC has also taken the decision to axe any plans for a second season of Promised Land along with the Power star’s new show. Needless to say, news of Queens' cancellation hasn’t gone down well with the show’s fandom. Taking to Twitter, @JaSamSteffy99 said of the axe: “It was a good show but on the wrong network, smh. Shame on ABC cancelling a good show.” Keeona Stewart similarly fumed: “I’m not the only one seeing this?!?! Like, what the actual F**K?!?!” While @glamsquadhippie fumed: “Always canceling the good stuff and leaving the boring stuff to be renewed for 5 more seasons smh.” DON'T MISS:Selling Sunset’s Emma Hernan confirms romance with Christine Quinn exThe Equalizer confirms replacements for season 3 ‘We are proud'Blue Bloods’ Tom Selleck shares secret behind family dinner scenes And @fashionsizzle1 echoed: “This was a good show. Hope it gets picked up somewhere else.” However, there were some viewers who felt ABC made the right decision to bring Naughton’s new show to a close. Bobby Jarel said: “I wasn’t a fan. I feel like it had potential. It lacked substance in my opinion.” While @winehaux argued: “Thank GOD !! This show was so bad. The acting, the writing, the rushed a*s plots, THE ACTING. Took way too long to cancel this.” (sic) While Naughton may not be returning to the world of Queens, there’s still the possibility of a Tasha comeback in the Power universe. With Book II still going strong, Tasha’s still involved in the show’s storyline, although her whereabouts is up in the air. The Power spin-off is currently filming its third season following its success on Starz. Queen is available to stream on Disney+ in the UK now.Power seasons 1-6 are available to stream on Netflix UK now. Book II: Ghost seasons 1-2 are available to stream on Starzplay now.