A lawn care pro from Hiller Garden Centres has shared the “best” way to remove weeds from lawns. Weeds on lawns can make even a well-maintained garden lawn look untidy and unkept. Pesky weeds can be difficult to remove, and often reappear despite being pulled out by gardeners. However, the gardening expert suggested using a “dedicated lawn weed killer” to tackle the problem. The lawn care expert said: “Moss and weeds are a common problem in lawns and spring is the best time to start tackling them. “Weeds such as thistles and dandelions are deep-rooted so are hard to remove by hand. “It's best to target them with a dedicated lawn weed killer.” READ MORE: Oven cleaning: ‘The right technique’ to clean oven door glass properly The expert said moss is “best removed” with a product that kills weeds, moss and feeds lawns. It’s “best” to apply products like these with a spreader after mowing the grass. He continued: “The key is to set the spreader to the correct setting. “It should be a light sprinkling not a fast flow.  DON'T MISSPaint expert: Three common decorating mistakes to avoid [INSIGHT]Grace Kelly's family home was 'inviting' like 'English pub' [UPDATE]Foxes ruining your garden? Gardening pros claim this free hack 'works' [ANALYSIS] “Check the bag for instructions on the best coverage.” Once the lawn is covered, it needs to be watered within 48 hours if there hasn’t been any rainfall. After a couple of days, any moss on the lawn will begin to turn black. Around a week to a fortnight later, the dead moss and weeds can be raked out. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Recently, new products have become available that include a moss-digesting bacteria. These products break down the moss in the lawn and form fertiliser which helps keep the grass green. Using a product like this also means gardeners are not required to rake the lawn afterwards. Black patches of moss also won’t appear on the lawn unlike when using a more traditional moss killing method.  The lawn care expert said a lawn can be “instantly transformed” by edging it. The expert recommended using a half moon edger to give the lawn a sharper edge and tidy up the lawn. Any long grass that’s missed by the mower can be tided up using a pair of edging shears. “Your lawn should now be in peak spring condition and given the perfect start and ready for use all summer,” they added.