Kevin Samuels has died at the age of 57, his mother has announced. Beverly Samuels-Burch revealed she had learnt the devastating news on social media. She told NBC: “That was a terrible thing for social media to put that out. “I didn’t even know. I hadn’t even been notified. “All I’m doing is requesting that people pray for us.” According to reports, police officers were called to an Atlanta apartment on Thursday morning, to assist a “person injured”. By the time they arrived on the scene, first responders were performing CPR on him, but he was unresponsive. A woman in the apartment told officers he had suffered from chest pains and had fallen down. The woman was trying to help him, the police report says. She called the emergency services, and he was taken to a nearby hospital. Kevin’s YouTube videos went viral for their controversial content, including one where he called unmarried women 35 “leftovers”. “If you live to 35 and you’re not married, you’re a leftover. You’re leftover. Men know you may have a problem,” he said. “Whether you want to hear it or not, I’ll go with you. I’m telling you the truth you don’t want to hear.” His provocative content landed him more than 1.4million YouTube subscribers. DON'T MISS... Victoria Beckham spills on Mel B's MBE as Scary Spice goes commando [INSTAGRAM] Naga Munchetty sparks concern after BBC Breakfast absence [TV]Steph McGovern and partner forced to make change due to daughter [INSIGHT] Twitter users discussed the news of his death online. Troy_SonJuan wrote: “Regardless of if this Kevin Samuels news is true or not, you gotta be an evil MF to cheer for someone’s death because you don’t like some of the things they’ve said”. Adam22 penned: “Kevin Samuels was a good dude who gave a lot of people solid advice. He got smeared for having a backbone and an opinion and he didn’t back down to the mob. Rest In Peace”. JiGong added: “You a sick individual to celebrate someone passing R.I.P Kevin Samuels”. DJ Akademiks tweeted: “RIP Kevin Samuels”. Plenty shared a different sentiment, with ChimGAT: “All I can say about Kevin Samuels is if you spend your time disrespecting people in life, don’t be surprised at people disrespecting you in death. “No matter how cruel it may be, the legacy you leave behind will be known by the fruit you bore while you were here.” Journalist Ernest Owens added: “Kevin Samuels has made a career off of shamelessly disgracing Black women for profit. “He emboldened the most toxic individuals to project tired and harmful narratives about Black women. Dead or alive, what a disgraceful life to live. That's all I've got for that misogynist.”