Scott Whatley was due to set off on the “holiday of a lifetime” to Hurghada on Monday May 23 when his easyJet flight was cancelled. He told Express.co.uk he has been left “traumatised” by the experience. Scott said: “Our flight was due to take off from Manchester at 1.15pm with easyJet. There were initial delays by the airline on the message boards, advising to go to the designated gate at 2:05pm. “Once at the gate we formed an orderly queue but were once again informed of a slight further delay, advising that we climb abroad the plane at approximately 3pm. “Once abroad the plane, the captain announced over the tannoy that due to air-traffic control we may have to wait another 20 mins.” At 3:30pm Scott said the captain told passengers the plane would be delayed for another two hours. READ MORE: Suitcase packing: The 'folding' method to 'carry more' in your bag He said passengers were told they couldn't leave the plane but that cabin crew would come around with refreshments. Scott claimed: “We naturally expected these to be offered free of charge as a goodwill gesture but this wasn’t the case. We had to pay. “Just after 5pm the captain came out of his cabin and addressed all the passengers directly, advising that air traffic control have cancelled our flight and that he is disgusted with the decision.” Scott described the plane’s atmosphere as “surreal” with passengers looking “dumbfounded” while others were “angry”.  Scott said many of the flight’s passengers were left at the airport as they didn’t know what to do. He claimed: “We didn’t know where to go or who to speak to, as the next flight from Manchester to Hurghada wasn’t for another week, so naturally we attended the help desk at Manchester airport. “After numerous attempts to explain our dismay and frustration to the staff, they finally managed to summon the manager of Manchester airport, who advised that no employees from easyJet are based at the airport.” Passengers were referred to the easyJet app but Scott said this “continued to crash”.  Scott said he had no option but to “get a hotel at Manchester airport in hope that we could resolve the issue the following day”. However, he said: “Even now I have had zero contact from easyJet and the app hasn’t acknowledged our circumstances. “After waiting nearly two years for this holiday of a lifetime, we’ve been left stranded, abandoned and frankly traumatised by this whole experience.” easyJet has been contacted for comment. The airline suffered a “systems issue” on May 26 and cancelled flights from major UK airports.