Ronnie O'Sullivan's superb 18-13 win over Judd Trump in the World Snooker Championship final saw his family parade their way down to the table to celebrate with him after picking up his seventh title of his career. And after his father Ronald was pictured in attendance, O'Sullivan reflected on how his dad had watched his first world title win in a prison cell back in 2001.  O'Sullivan outclassed Trump from start to finish over the course of the two days, and didn't trail to the Bristol-born star at any point apart from the first frame. The win ensured he was the oldest world champion in snooker history at 46 years old, surpassing Ray Reardon's record of 45. As a result, his two youngest children and his father Ronald came to celebrate with him at the table, with O'Sullivan becoming emotional and showing teary eyes. And in the studio after the game, presenter Radzi Chinyanganya made a reference to his father being there to celebrate alongside him. "You almost mentioned the three Ronnies that were there. Your dad is a massive character, every time I've come back to the hotel, he's been there stressed out of his mind," Chinyanganya said on Eurosport. "Yeah, listen, my dad tells me the story of what it was like when I won my first world title," O'Sullivan replied. "He was in a cell on his own. The story is so different from this one. But you know what I mean, for him to be here to see it, for my kids to be here, little Ronnie was really young and they're older now. "It was just lovely, lovely to have them all here. They've enjoyed it, my dad's had a great time here and the kids have had a lovely time. I didn't think I'd make another world final so I was like 'you might as well come down and experience it'. "This afternoon session, they must have thought 'what on earth have we come to watch this for?' It was just a mammoth tournament."  O'Sullivan senior was jailed for murder in 1992, serving 18 years before being released in 2010. 'The Rocket' has now equalled Stephen Hendry's record of seven world titles after the win. However, it remains to be seen if he will try to top that in next year's tournament. 