It is said Ava White was killed after an altercation with the boy in Liverpool city centre on November 25 last year. A court heard the defendant, only referred to as Boy A due to legal reasons, then "plunged" a blade into the schoolgirl's neck and, though she was rushed to hospital, she died of her injuries. Opening the murder trial at Liverpool Crown Court today, prosecuting lawyer Charlotte Newell, QC, said: "On the evening of November 25 last year, emergency services were called to an incident in Liverpool City Centre. On their arrival, they found a young girl collapsed on the floor and bleeding heavily from her neck."That girl was Ava White. She was just 12 years old. She had been stabbed in the neck by this defendant, Boy A, who himself was just 14 years old."He had inflicted a single stab wound to Ava with a knife and that knife had been plunged into her neck to a depth of at least 5 to 6cm, damaging her jugular vein and causing catastrophic bleeding which was to prove fatal. Ava lost her life as a result of this wound shortly after her arrival at hospital." Boy A denies murder but has admitted having an offensive weapon, namely a knife. Ava had, the court heard, spent the evening hanging out with friends and, Liverpool Echo reports, the group were seen sharing "small bottles of alcohol, singing, dancing and generally messing around".  Ms Newell continued: "As is the way of young people they simply wanted to 'hang out' together and that included the sharing of small bottles of alcohol, singing, dancing and generally messing around in a manner which doubtless they enjoyed. "This defendant Boy A had also come into the city centre with a group of friends, this group of friends aged between 13 and 15 years. Those two groups, Ava's group and Boy A's group, appear to have only a passing knowledge of one another and their subsequent encounter which was ultimately to lead to Ava's death was a chance encounter rather than an arranged meeting." Boy A had come into town in possession of a flick knife. A picture of the weapon was shown to the jury and it had a blade 7.5cm long and 2cm wide.  Ms Newell added: "He was to use this knife to stab Ava causing her fatal wound after they argued over the fact that he and his group had, without permission, filmed the antics of Ava and others in her group. "Ava in particular was appalled and angry that they were filming her and was quite insistent that Boy A and his group delete the footage they had taken without their permission." The youngster, from Everton, Liverpool, was described as "incredibly popular" by her headteacher in the days after her passing. The trial continues. 