UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson’s Government has laid out 38 pieces of legislation in the much-anticipated Queen’s Speech today amid the cost-of-living crisis propelled by the ongoing inflation. For the first time since 1963, the Queen has not delivered the Government’s priorities. Instead, her son Prince Charles and grandson Prince William did it. The sheer number of legislations has left Nigel Farage baffled. But in Farage’s assessment, Boris Johnson’s Government will not be able to deliver on its agenda. Nigel Farage told GB News viewers: “It all looks to me rather like a kiddy’s wish list to Father Christmas. It just isn’t going to happen. “Normally after a Queen's Speech, there’s a huge amount of speculation about how much of the agenda can they actually get through in the parliamentary timetable. “But with 38 major legislative acts put down today and with a further four being carried through by this Parliament, I would doubt in the course of the next year, I would doubt - let’s say it goes two years until the next general election – I would doubt 25 percent of this even goes through.” The next general election is expected to take place in 2024, five years after the current Parliament was dissolved in December 2019. However, it could take place earlier if the government decides to call an election or if a no-confidence motion is triggered. Before the local elections, several senior Conservative figures warned Boris Johnson that a no-confidence would be inevitable, should they lose the local elections. The Tories lost almost 500 seats and three flagship London councils. Some political analysts argue this defeat was partly caused by the party gate scandal. Boris Johnson allegedly took part in at least six of 12 lockdown-busting parties in Downing Street spanning from April 2020 to May 2021. READ MORE: Boris pressed to implement tax cuts NOW after infuriating backbenchers Nigel Farage continued: “But what it is, is a restatement of many of the conservative ideas that helped win Boris Johnson that big majority back in December 2019.” In 2019, Boris Johnson ran on the promise to get Brexit done and won a landslide victory, with a total of 317 seats. Whether he can pull that off again in the next general election remains unclear given the scandals that have tainted the Conservative party over the last few months. “Interestingly, we’ve been through this today here at GB News, proposal by proposal”, Nigel Farage added. “And 60 percent of what is in the Queen’s Speech today are complete rehashes from what was in the conservative manifesto in 2019. DON'T MISS: Britons back Boris Johnson despite local election drubbing [ANALYSIS]Boris Johnson 'loved' in Ukraine - 'Most popular person!' [REPORT]Boris Johnson issued Brexit ultimatum as DUP demands protocol scrapped [REPORT] Nigel Farage added: “And I talked a little bit last night with Lord Frost about this. If we’re going to try to take advantage of what Brexit offers us, why have we waited so long? “Ah, they tell me. It’s all because of the pandemic but I thought because of the pandemic, the civil servants were all working from home and that much more productive. “I don’t think so.”