Liverpool are prepared to offload Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain this summer, with Steven Gerrard and Aston Villa among his Premier League suitors. After another season involving a bit-part role at Anfield, Oxlade-Chamberlain could pursue a new challenge with more regular minutes on offer. Liverpool will welcome offers for his services to prevent the risk of losing him on a free transfer when his current contract expires in 2023, Mirror Sport report. And a Premier League stay could be on the cards as Villa and West Ham United weigh up approaches. Gerrard wants to bolster his options in the summer transfer window and is a 'long-term admirer' of the 28-year-old midfielder. Meanwhile, David Moyes is searching for quality to improve his West Ham squad depth ahead of another season in European competition. Despite the Reds' willingness to sell and his lack of chances as they pursued a 20th Premier League title, Jurgen Klopp remains a huge fan of what Oxlade-Chamberlain offers. Liverpool are understood to want in excess of £10million in any deal for the 35-cap England international. JUST IN: Liverpool handed Fabinho boost for Madrid but still sweating on Thiago Newcastle United courted Oxlade-Chamberlain as part of their free-spending January transfer window, their first under Saudi-backed ownership. Eddie Howe wanted to sign him on a loan or permanent deal, but no agreement was reached, and that ship has seemingly sailed. But the versatile star is likely to be on the move just months later, and Villa and West Ham are thought to be joined by overseas suitors. He'll hope to round off his five-year stay on Merseyside in style with another Champions League success in Saturday's final against Real Madrid. READ MORE: Marcus Rashford’s stance on quitting Man Utd this summer Liverpool signed Oxlade-Chamberlain as a winger from Arsenal in August 2017, beating Chelsea to a £35m deal. He has since made 133 appearances for the club, registering 17 goals and 15 assists while predominantly featuring as a central midfielder. Injuries have tarnished his role in Klopp's Anfield revolution, and he has struggled to showcase his best form with irregular game time this season. So the chance to link up with a Reds legend in Gerrard at Villa Park next term could entice him to call quits. West Ham could be the more attractive destination, though, with European football on offer, albeit in the form of the Europa Conference League. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.