The Queen lives primarily at Windsor Castle nowadays, but throughout the year she can be found in London, Norfolk and Scotland at one of her lavish properties. When it comes to the Queen's relatives, many members of the Royal Family have their main base in London and a country house they can retreat to when not completing royal duties. Read on to find out where some of the best known royal residences ranked in terms of popularity with the public. The clear winner in the findings collated by interior design specialists Stelrad via Semrush was monarchy HQ and iconic London landmark, Buckingham Palace. According to the data, Buckingham Palace garners 74,000 monthly Google searches and it racked up an impressive 1,379,215 posts on Instagram. In second place in the Google search rankings and third on Instagram is the Queen's Berkshire fortress, Windsor Castle.  The original castle was built by William the Conqueror in the 11th Century and it has been the Queen's main base for several years while significant renovations are underway at Buckingham Palace. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice enjoys night away from ‘screaming baby’ Windsor Castle receives 60,500 searches on Google every month and an impressive 409,754 Instagram posts have included the Windsor Castle hashtag. Kensington Palace in London came third in the Google search rankings and second on Instagram, earning 22,200 searches and 425,668 posts respectively. Kensington Palace is home to Prince William, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, Prince George, Princess Charlotte, Prince Louis and several of the Queen's cousins. The historic landmark was also once the home of Princess Diana, and Prince Harry and Meghan Markle before they moved to Windsor and later the US.  While Buckingham Palace, Windsor Castle and Kensington Palace took the top spots, other well-known royal residences appear to be a source of great interest to the public. The Queen's beloved Balmoral in Scotland proved popular. It is where she spends every summer, and traditionally members of the Royal Family and prime ministers make the trip up to visit the monarch in Aberdeenshire. Clarence House in London is the official residence of Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, and it also proved popular in the rankings. Charles' main base earned the same number of Google searches as Frogmore Cottage, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's UK residence, where Princess Eugenie currently lives with her husband Jack Brooksbank and their son August. DON'T MISS:Prince Charles stepping up as regent for Queen is 'speculation' [INSIGHT]Royal Windsor Horse Show: How to watch event on TV and live stream [EXPLAINER]Five Royal Family members with poignant middle names [ANALYSIS]  The full rankings for average monthly Google search data are as follows: 