Video footage has been circulating online of a Russian military tank being engulfed by thick smoke and flames after running over a Ukrainian laid mine. In the past few weeks, Ukraine has been upping its war efforts in order to hold off from Russian advancement in key parts of the country. NATO-aligned countries have been supplying Ukrainian forces with anti-tank weapons and ammunition in order to fight the Russian onslaught. The video footage shows the complete destruction of the Russian tank, with no survivors escaping unscathed.   Images from the footage show three Russian tanks cruising through open fields in Eastern Ukraine. Ukrainian forces had previously laid down anti-tank mines, which are programmed to go off when a certain amount of weight is on top of them when they are buried underground. The video footage shows the second tank rolling over the hidden mine, before exploding into a fireball. The soldiers inside had very little chance of making it out of the tank alive, and there have been no reports or video evidence of any Russian servicemen fleeing from the inflamed tank. JUST IN: Dog dumped on street with bag full of toys and harrowing note from owner     The first tank rolls away from the engulfed tank,  and the third tank follows on quickly. The destroyed tank, cannot be seen under the thick heavy grey smoke from the fallout of the missile. Social media users on Twitter have been reacting to the footage of a Russian tank getting annihilated One user @Zolt51 said: "Orc 1: Shouldn't we... stop and check for survivors? Orc 2: Shut up and DRIVE!" @AansPaa: "Comrade Ivan and his crew successfully destroyed an anti-tank mine, a medal-worthy accomplishment."     @Pastoutp said: "Spectacular explosion. That they cut the aftermath from the footage is no surprise; most war porn addicts are prone to ejaculatio praecox." @Pcraft225 said: "Almost caught two birds with that mine!" @Therealhumbuggi said: "One second your alive and the next you are gone!" @Jensnoname said: "Perhaps there is a special place in heaven for considerate drivers letting other tanks pass?"   DON'T MISS: Russia takes on NATO and WIPES OUT drone amid ‘stalled’ invasion [REPORT]'You give Putin billions!' EU shamed as angry Zelensky fumes at bloc. [VIDEO]Vladimir Putin ally threatens NATO officials in Kyiv with kidnapping [REPORT]  Prime Minister Boris Johnson has given more money to Ukraine to help their war effort against Russia. Mr Johnson gave £300m and top-of-the-range weapons which include anti-tank artillery. Mr Johnson has been praised by Ukrainian MPs including President Volodymyr Zelensky for his ongoing support. Mr Johnson said: "In the coming weeks, we in the UK will send you Brimstone anti-ship missiles and Stormer anti-aircraft systems. "We are providing armoured vehicles to evacuate civilians from areas under attack and protect officials - what Volodymyr (Zelensky) mentioned to me in our most recent call - while they maintain critical infrastructure. "I can announce today from the UK Government a new package of support totalling £300 million, including radars to pinpoint the artillery bombarding your cities, heavy-lift drones to supply your forces, and thousands of night vision devices.  