One in six people would be interested in drawing their pension early. Yet, shocking new research shows 63-year-olds who do take their pension early could cost themselves £12,000. As the Government continues its consultations on raising the state pension age to 67 and later 68, new research has emerged which shows this could have a damaging effect on pensioners. While increasing the age at which people retire would save the Government around £11billion a year, this could lead to the older generation taking their state pension early. However, anyone who does so could end up thousands of pounds out of pocket. Figures show Britons who draw their state pension three years early would be £11,883 worse off by age 90, according to experts at Canada Life. READ MORE: Half a million carers are missing out on £278 from DWP - are you?  One in six people would be interested in taking their state pension early given the chance, according to a survey by AJ Bell. While the state pension age is currently set at 66, it will increase to 67 for those born on or after April 1960 by 2028. Another rise to 68 is being planned for between 2044 and 2046 for those born on or after April 1977. Although it’s led to calls for older people to be allowed to draw their state pension early, experts say it could come at a huge cost the Telegraph reports. DON'T MISSNatWest sheds light on new online banking scam tactic [WARNING]Fury as state pension could be axed: ‘Pension is not a benefit!’ [ALERT]Warning issued to Britons who use cash in supermarkets [UPDATE]  While the figures from Canada Life make for grim reading, thousands of Britons could be risking their full state pension because of mistakes they made earlier in life. Figures show 200,000 parents a year are applying for child benefit in the wrong parent’s name. Parents who stay home to look after children are missing out on (NI) national insurance credits, which means they may not qualify for their full state pension when they retire. Britons need 35 years of NI credits to claim a full state pension. Another issue that leads to people not claiming child benefit is the High Income Child Benefit Tax Charge (HICBC). More than seven million families receive child benefit but 1.1 million of them who earn over £50,000 are affected by HICBC. Britons still need to claim the benefit even if they opt out of receiving any money. This ensures that people still receive national insurance credits towards their State Pension and that children still get a NI number at 16. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea What is the High Income Child Benefit Charge? Since 2013, if one of the parents earns over £50,000, they will pay the charge, which means paying back a chunk of their child benefit. The amount someone repays rises with their earnings, until someone earning £60,000 repays it all. Someone who repays it all can opt out instead. To repay it, people need to complete a self-assessment form every year.