But surprisingly, cheesecake topped the poll with 37 percent of the vote – beating some UK classics including coffee and walnut cake, and fruitcake. Chocolate cake took second spot, ahead of the classic Victoria Sponge. Other varieties of bake to make the list were Christmas cake and Battenburg, as well as fondant fancies, madeira loaf, spotted dick, apple cake, and flapjack. The research was commissioned by Dr. Oetker Baking, which recreated iconic pictures of the Queen from each decade of her 70 year-reign entirely from cake, using cake ingredients and decorations. Each cake portrait was made from a different style of cake that was fashionable during the era pictured. The portraits were displayed at a pop-up gallery, Cakes of the Crown, today [May 26, 2022] in Royal Windsor. Prudence Staithe, the food artist behind the masterpieces, said: “Baking gives you a world of opportunity to get creative and, best of all, it’s great fun – especially when it comes to decorating and designing your topping. “The Queen is an icon, and the eight bakes that were displayed show how interesting her reign has been – as well as how much the nation’s taste in cakes has developed.” The study also found a third of Brits bake at home at least once a month. And nearly four in ten plan to bake for the Platinum Jubilee bank holiday weekend, opting to whip up a classic Victoria sponge in honour of the Queen. And, in line with the cake art exhibition’s display of baking trends, 16 percent are planning a vegan chocolate, zucchini and courgetti cake. The research, conducted via OnePoll, also found the average adult will consume 72 portions of cake every year. Special occasions (46 percent), including birthdays, Christmas and weddings, emerged as the most popular popular time for some celebratory home baking and to indulge in a sweet treat. But 41 percent will tuck into a slice of baked deliciousness just because they fancy something sweet. While 39 percent enjoy eating cake because of the variety of flavours. In true British fashion, 42 percent think an English breakfast tea is the best drink to serve up with your favourite home bake – followed by coffee (38 percent) and hot chocolate (18 percent). Jen Brown, Head of Cake at Dr. Oetker, added: “Baking is great fun, and you don’t have to be an expert to get creative in the kitchen. “Something like a Victoria sponge or Jubilee-themed cupcakes is a great starting point – both are simple but effective, and offer a wonderful way to pay tribute to the Queen. “They’re also ideal bakes to make with friends or family, or simply as an activity to enjoy alone as a little “me-time”. “We loved recreating Her Majesty as cake art for our Cakes of the Crown gallery, and were thrilled that so many Windsor visitors and residents were able to join us and sample the delicious flavours of the Queen’s reign.” THE NATION'S 40 FAVOURITE FLAVOURS OF CAKES AND BAKES: