Drivers are waiting up to six months for a new or renewed driving licence as the DVLA works through a huge backlog of paper applications. According to an investigation by online car marketplace Heycar, more than 300,000 drivers with medical conditions are affected by the backlog. Almost 40 percent of all delayed licence applications in the UK are medical licences with more than 800,000 drivers in the UK waiting for their new or renewed driving licence. A medical driving licence is issued to a driver who suffers from a condition that needs to be declared to the DVLA. This can include diabetes, sleep apnoea, epilepsy or a heart condition. On 25 March 2021, 203,890 applications were awaiting a medical driving licence decision; however, by 25 March 2022 this had increased to 336,759 applications. The DVLA says it will reach ‘normal’ turnaround times for paper drivers licence applications by the end of May while for medical applications, the target is for 90 percent of cases to be processed within 90 days by the end of September. READ MORE: Andy Burnham scraps daily charging for petrol and diesel vehicles As part of its research, heycar spoke to disabled motorist Barry Kirby, aged 70, who lives in a village in Lancashire. Mr Kirby, who has a neurological problem and previously suffered with sleep apnoea, was severely impacted by a four-month wait for his driving licence. When he made a paper application for his 70 and over licence renewal in September last year, he declared that he had had sleep apnoea in the past and the DVLA sent him a medical questionnaire to complete. He then heard nothing for two months and was left frustrated at being unable to speak to anyone at the DVLA - despite numerous attempts. DON'T MISSMotorists warned of further car tax changes as VED increases likely [WARNING]Ten future classics set to soar in value [REVEALED]Diesel drivers are being 'fleeced' at the pumps as MP's demand action [SHOCKING] Mr Kirby said: “I didn’t know what was going on. I found it impossible to contact anyone at the DVLA. “When I telephoned them I would get redirected and wait and wait, and nobody answered. “All I could do was check on the GOV.UK website and found that my licence had been revoked.” That led to the leasing company which Mr Kirby leases his car from telling him to “cease driving immediately” and he was left making £250 monthly payments for a vehicle that he couldn’t use. He added; “I live in a rural area and we only have a bus service every two hours during daylight hours so I was very restricted at home. “I had to go to the hospital, which takes 10 minutes in a car. I tried to walk it and it took me an hour to walk to the next bus route and I was exhausted. "And that bus never came. I ended up in the middle of the countryside ringing for a taxi.” Towards the end of November, the DVLA wrote to Mr Kirby to inform him they had contacted his doctor and expected a delay in receiving a reply due to the ongoing situation with Coronavirus. He spoke to his doctor’s surgery and had confirmation within two days of the DVLA letter that the doctor had responded to say he was medically fit to drive. He then heard nothing from the DVLA and after a month of being unable to get through on the phone he contacted heycar’s sister brand Honest John for help. Within two days, in January 2022, he was informed his driving licence had been authorised.Mr Kirby said that it brought an end to “months of frustration”. It comes as reports state one of the main reasons for the DVLA backlog was that staff working from home were without remote access to a vital database. A DVLA spokesperson said: “Despite a number of issues including coordinated industrial strikes, all our services are operating within normal turnaround times and paper applications are being processed within 3 to 4 weeks. Our online services are working as normal and without delay. “Due to PCS union strikes purposely impacting customers, medical applications are still taking longer, but we do aim to be back to normal processing times for medical applications by the end of September”. “Drivers may be able to continue to drive while we are processing an application, providing they have not been told by their doctor or optician they shouldn’t.