Erik ten Hag wants a full profile on his Manchester United players, according to reports. Sir Alex Ferguson was known for being controlling during his own time in the Old Trafford dugout. And the club’s latest manager is eager to leave no stone unturned as he looks to win the Premier League title at the first time of asking. Ten Hag was unveiled as United’s new boss on Monday, just a day after it was confirmed they’d be finishing sixth in the Premier League table. And The Mirror say the Dutchman has wasted no time in asserting his authority as he looks to make his mark. Ten Hag reportedly wants a ‘full run-down’ of each and every squad member so he can build a ‘complete picture’ of them. It’s similar to how Ferguson operated during his stint in charge, with the Scot making it his business to know everything possible about them. Ten Hag is eager to learn about United players’ families and home life. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings This, apparently, is so he can make a ‘full assessment of their character and how they lead their lives’. He even wants to know where players will be going on holiday this summer, so he can keep tab on them from afar. One former United star who played under Ten Hag has told former team-mates the former Ajax boss will have them ‘dreaming about pressing in their sleep’. And they’ve also been briefed about his tough side, too. Ten Hag is apparently able to strike fear into players ‘just by giving a certain look’ if they fail to heed his instructions. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag And it appears plays are in for a rough ride as the Dutchman looks to win a trophy at the very first time of asking. United haven’t claimed any silverware since 2017, back when Jose Mourinho was in charge of the team. Members of the squad feel Ten Hag is ‘testing’ them as he looks to make his mark. And the Dutchman wants them to report back from pre-season early so they can get fit enough to utilise his pressing playing style. Speaking at his unveiling, Ten Hag opened up on his decision to quit Ajax ahead of schedule in order to get started in England. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “Before a season, you have to prepare and when you are in a club, I will say it’s a continual process,” he said. “You’re working on next season and still you are in the current season. “But we didn’t have that time now, and now we close the season and I’m coming over to meet people and to roll out the strategy, to prepare pre-season, prepare staff and prepare a squad.” And, on the circumstances in which the club are in, he added: “It’s first: accept the current situation but also know one year ago, this club, this team was second in the Premier League. “There’s potential and now it’s up to us to get that out. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “It’s a process, it will take time but I’m convinced we will come to that point where we get success. “We have to work hard and it has to be based on the right philosophy and strategy. “First, we have a break. We will start pre-season on 27 June and I will get a few of the squad, [a few] of the individual players. “In certain positions we want to renew the squad, but as I said, one year ago, this squad was second in the league, so there is potential and I’m really looking forward to co-operating with the squad.”