The cost of the cheapest brands of pasta has soared by 50 per cent in a year, figures from the Office for National Statistics (ONS) showed yesterday (MON). The data found that pasta prices rose at the fastest rate in April, followed by crisps (17 per cent), bread (16 per cent), minced beef (16 per cent) and rice (15 per cent). But there were surprising falls in the price of some family basics, such as potatoes (down 14 per cent), cheese (seven per cent), pizza (four per cent), chips (three per cent) and apples (one per cent). Sue Davies, Which? Head of Food Policy and Consumer Rights, said: “During an unrelenting cost of living crisis, consumers should be able to easily choose the best value product for them. “Which? is calling for supermarkets and manufacturers to be more up-front about costs and for really clear unit pricing to be provided so people can easily compare items. “Budget ranges should also be more widely available at all stores so consumers do not have to pay over the odds for everyday essentials.” The ONS tracked 30 everyday items that they know the least well-off households regularly buy to get an idea of how inflation is hitting these households. While the rate of inflation on the whole is nine per cent - driven mainly by soaring energy costs - the price of the 30 basic items overall has increased 6.7% in a year. They trained algorithms to select the cheapest possible alternatives on the websites of Asda, the Co-op, Iceland, Morrisons, Sainsbury’s, Tesco and Waitrose, and tracked its price over the year. Despite Aldi and Lidl being among the cheapest supermarkets in the country they were not included as they do not allow customers to shop online. It comes as experts recently warned that the poorest households in the country are bearing the brunt of the cost-of-living crisis. Those who are least well off spend a larger proportion of their income on the essentials. Consumer expert Scott Dixon said: “This latest report confirms what all consumers have seen, particularly on the soaring cost of basics which affects the poorest in society as they spend a larger proportion of their income on basic groceries and energy bills. “Things are likely to get much worse with the soaring cost of energy, with the next price cap rise set to increase by almost 42 per cent in October. “This is on top of a 54 per cent increase last April, with households facing a bleak winter ahead and having to make difficult choices. “Businesses are not subject to price energy caps and have no choice but to pass on rising costs to consumers. Supermarkets can do more to help consumers by offsetting record profits made on fuel sales to subsidise their basic and essential lines.” In March the boss of Iceland said that some food bank users were turning down potatoes and other root vegetables because they could not afford to boil them. The ONS acknowledged that the research it has done is “highly experimental”. It warned that because the analysis only focuses on the lowest-priced goods the estimates are based on a very small number of price quotes.  This means that the data is very sensitive to changes in just one item. Households can expect to spend an additional £271 on their groceries this year as the price of food increases at its fastest rate in 11 years, data from Kantar revealed last month. Fraser McKevitt, head of retail and consumer insight at Kantar, said: “The average household will now be exposed to a potential price increase of £271 per year. He added that most of this spending is being allocated to non-discretionary, everyday essentials which will “prove difficult to cut back on as budgets are squeezed”. Caroline Abrahams, charity director at Age UK, said: “Figures showing rises in the cost of many basic everyday food items will come as no surprise to many older people on low incomes who are cutting back and doing their best to shop around for the cheapest products. “The additional support announced by the Chancellor will, when it reaches people, provide some much needed help, and it’s more important than ever that older people struggling to manage on a low income check if they are entitled to Pension Credit or other benefits, as it could make a life-changing difference.” A Sainsbury's spokesperson said that they understand customers are facing significant pressure on their household budgets. The retailer added: "We are doing all we can to help, and as part of our plans to focus on offering the best quality food at the lowest prices, today we announced we are investing £500million so that customers will be able to find low prices on the everyday items they buy most often.” Harvir Dhillon, economist at the British Retail Consortium, said: “With price rises for food remaining below the broader inflation figures, retailers are doing their best to protect consumers from the multitude of costs coming through the supply chain. “Supermarkets are expanding ranges of affordable goods, introducing discounts for more vulnerable customers, and investing in reducing costs in the future. “Nonetheless, it is a difficult time for consumers, who are facing falling discretionary incomes in the face of soaring energy bills.”