DJ Soda is a popular artist in South Korea and was travelling from LA to New York on an American Airlines flight. The DJ was wearing sweatpants with the phrases f* and f* you emblazoned on them. She claimed on Instagram: “Yesterday coming back from JFK to LAX with American Airlines, I was harassed and humiliated. “I was forced out of the plane and was harrassed to take off my pants in front of the flight crews at the gate. “I have never had an issue with wearing this pair of pants before in my many months of touring in North America and they did not have any problem with me wearing it at the time of check-in nor when I sat down at my seat.” The artist explained that she was enjoying a welcome drink in business class when she was asked to pack up her belongings. READ MORE: Meghan Markle must follow 'dozens of protocols' travelling to the UK She claimed she was escorted off the plane without an explanation and was then told her trousers were “inappropriate” and “offensive”. She said she pleaded to stay on the flight but was “ignored” by flight attendants. In an experience she called “horrendous” she said she “ended up taking off my pants in front of the whole crew”. DJ Soda added: “They still refused to board me on the flight. I put my pants inside out and finally sat down after an hour of delay. “I was mortified and trembling in fear for the next six hours on my flight back to LA. In my eight years of touring, I have never experienced or been treated unfairly, especially in a country that is known for its freedom of speech and individuality.” She claimed she would be boycotting American Airlines and hoped the same would never happen to anyone else. The popular DJ, whose real name is Hwang So-hee, has over four million followers on Instagram and over 120,000 on Twitter. American Airlines told Express.co.uk: “American Airlines prohibits offensive clothing. “During the boarding process for American Airlines Flight 306 at John F Kennedy International Airport (JFK) our team members informed Ms Hwang of our policies and provided her the opportunity to change out of clothing displaying explicit language. “The customer complied with requests and was allowed to continue travel, as planned, to Los Angeles International Airport (LAX)." It added: “American’s policies are intended to create a welcoming, safe environment for all customers.” In recent years there have been several incidents over clothing on planes with passengers removed for allegedly violating dress codes. Customers can usually find an airline’s dress code on its website although there can be disagreements over which items violate rules.