With the summer transfer window set to open in just 10 days’ time, Manchester City have already identified Milan star Rafael Leao as a potential reinforcement. The Citizens have even moved ahead of interested European clubs, including Real Madrid and Paris Saint-Germain, and have reportedly initiated talks with the player’s representative Jorge Mendes over a deal in recent weeks. City are keeping their eyes peeled amid uncertainty over the future of Raheem Sterling. Leao is still under contract for another two years at San Siro and the Italian side have already offered a contract extension, according to journalist Santi Aouna of Footmercato, but the club have some difficulty keeping their talisman beyond the summer. Pep Guardiola sees the 22-year-old as a potential replacement for Sterling who has been linked with a move away from the Etihad after being restricted to regular game time. But City are understood to be battling with heavyweights Real Madrid and Paris Saint-Germain for his signature. Gazzetta dello Sport has reported that Carlo Ancelotti’s side is prepared to offer just over £100m (€120m) to secure Leao's services. Upon all the interest, Milan’s technical director and club legend Paolo Maldini described Leao as an ‘untouchable’ player, when he addressed the winger’s future. "We consider Rafael Leao as a key and untouchable player,” he told Gazetta dello Sport. “He is not up for sale. He is still a diamond in the rough that has undergone significant improvements year upon year. "We bought him from Lille by paying €24m and we immediately put a €150m release clause on him because Boban Massara and I believed in him." Touched by Maldini’s words, Leao responded: "I’m at Milan and I have another two years on my contract. Untouchable? I’m happy with those words. "I feel at home but now my focus is on the national team. I’m very happy but my feet are firmly on the ground. "People may not know this, but Ligue 1 is a strong league and I have improved. The first two years did not go as I would have liked but now, I am more mature and confident, this season has gone as I wanted, and I hope to do great things in the future." The 22-year-old joined Stefano Pioli’s side for £32million in 2019 after a brief but impressive season at Lille – helping the French team to a second-place finish in Ligue 1. While this season, he was involved in several significant goals for Milan scoring 14 times and providing 12 goal assists in all competitions, with Milan lifting the Serie A silverware for the first time since 2004. Leao also finished top goal scorer with 11 goals, the same as Olivier Giroud. Guardiola and co will certainly have a task on their hands to secure the Portuguese's signature but having already initiated talks before the open of the transfer window shows just how serious they are to defend their Premier League title next season.