The BBC Weather meteorologist said a large area of cloud will continue to cover the UK for most of Sunday and Monday, sparking some rain across western areas and covering most of the sunshine. The rainy conditions will slowly recede to leave the door open for an Azores high, which will push temperatures up into the high 20s towards next weekend. Ms Lear said: "As we move through the middle part of the week, high pressure is set to build again, and this is the Azores high, which means the air is originating all the way down from West Africa, which means it's warm and it's going to push that warmer air back up across the country. "So as we move through the week ahead, there's a potential of seeing some showers. Some heavy and thundery but it is going to be noticeably warmer, and as we head towards next weekend, we can see temperatures into the 20s." The forecaster however noted Britons will first have to go through a persistent period of cloud and intermittent rain at the start of the week before being able to bask in warmer temperatures. She continued: "It is a different month and a different weather feel, if you're out and about. "It's a milder start but there's a lot of cloud around. And actually, we've seen quite a lot of rain across western Scotland, half an inch to an inch in places. READ MORE: UK weather: Britons face Bank Holiday freeze as chilly blast hits from Arctic "It's this cloud that's feeding in, that's acted like a blanket and prevented those temperatures from falling very far but it is going to bring some rain. "Wet weather across the northwest, it's now sinking its way into Wales as we speak, and it's going to drift steadily southwards through the course of the morning. "Not that much getting east of the Pennines, dribs and drabs through the course of the day, nothing really significant but enough to spoil the sunshine. "Here 13C to 15C. Different day into Western Scotland, where the best of the breaks, the best of the sunshine – here we could see highs of 17C-18C." The BBC Weather broadcaster continued: "As we got through the night tonight, that front weakens away, we keep some cloud across the country so all in all is not going to be a cold start to our Bank Holiday Monday. "Temperatures hovering around 7C to 10C but another grey and rather gloomy day. "It will be predominantly dry so I suppose that's the positive note. "If you've got outdoor plans, you shouldn't get wet." DON'T MISS: Met Office bank holiday forecast: Hotter days coming - but how hot? [ANALYSIS] Bank holiday weekend opening hours full list- Tesco, Aldi, Lidl & more [REPORT] Hot weather can be 'extremely harmful to the eyes' warns expert [INSIGHT] She added: "There might be one or two very isolated showers across Scotland and the north of England but generally speaking a cloudy afternoon for many. "Some breaks in the cloud where we get some sunshine coming through, 17C likely to be the high. "But a northerly breezy making the far north of Scotland feel pretty cold and highs here of 7C. "Eventually, that northerly breeze will start to drag in some cooler air for a couple of days. "Tuesday cloudy again, some showers out towards the west and the southwest of England as a weak weather front sinks out, top temperatures between 7C and 15C so not quite as warm as it has been just recently."