Kate Middleton has stepped out several times this year for a variety of formal occasions, and in keeping with royal tradition, she has worn a headpiece. Unlike Camilla Parker Bowles who will become Queen Consort before Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge favours large headbands instead of hats. Express.co.uk spoke to Samantha Harman, aka The Style Editor about Kate’s fashion choice. Samantha said: “Headbands started to come back into fashion a few years ago, but rather than a passing trend, they're here to stay. “They're an easy way to dress up and outfit, or dress down an outfit (depending on the style) and can also save you on a bad hair day. “The great thing about the headband is there's one to suit everyone - and they're also perfect if you're not into hats but need some sort of hair accessory for a formal occasion. “Kate likes padded styles and has a collection which has been estimated to be worth £10,000 (according to Hello!).” READ MORE: Kate Middleton steps out in green for Queen’s design awards The stylist added: “Her favourite brand seems to be Jane Taylor - she has worn bespoke designs costing between £800-900. “So anyone who thinks the headband isn't serious enough for a formal event - the Duchess is proving otherwise. “Kate is one of the royals everyone comes to see. “So maybe the choice of headband over a hat is also about connecting with the public. “We can see her face, she feels approachable in a way she might not feel if she was wearing a big hat casting a shadow. DON'T MISS...Jo Brand weight loss: Comedian on when she lost 3st 'in a few months' [PODCAST]Kate Middleton said to love 'non-injectable’ serum to banish wrinkles [INSIDER]Queen's 'rare' pink diamond wasn't originally designed for brooch [COMMENT] “The headband, keeping her long hair off her face and not leaving a shadow on her face, means she is also much easier to photograph,” Samantha suggested. For Anzac Day, Kate wore the cream dress she debuted at Princess Charlotte’s christening, with a white Jane Taylor headband that featured a large black bow at the back. The week prior, the Duchess chose a light blue coat dress by Emilia Wickstead and had another Jane Taylor headband. The bespoke piece is known as the 'Diamond Crepe Pleated Band' and is worth around £975. In 2020, Kate wore one of her cheapest headbands to date during her three-day visit to Ireland. Dressed in green on day one, she sported a black velvet headband by Lele Sadoughi. The classic style cost around £70 at the time. For Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s son, Archie’s christening, Kate complimented her pink Stella McCartney dress with a red velvet plaited headband by Juliette Botterill and which was said to have cost £340 At the 2018 Armistice Day service, Kate wore her hair in a chic updo, with a padded black velvet headband by Jane Taylor again. The large crescent shape gave her outfit an edge and cost £695. For Prince Louis' christening, however, Kate was seen with the most extravagant headband. Turning to Jane Taylor once again, her £960 creation was known as the 'Cassandra' and featured a thick platform and had striking appliqué flowers stitched on the top. And Christmas that same year, Kate went to church in a burgundy velvet headband by the same designer, and the style cost £830 with a large brown bow at the back.