Former tennis player Alex Corretja has delivered his verdict on the upcoming French Open, with Novak Djokovic, Rafael Nadal and Carlos Alcaraz among the favourites to win the tournament. Djokovic is the defending champion, having won last year's title with a victory in the final against Stefanos Tsitsipas from two sets down, enters the tournament in good form. The 34-year-old won the Italian Open on Sunday, again beating Tsitsipas in the final, having beaten Casper Ruud, Felix Auger-Aliassime, Stan Wawrinka and Aslan Karatsev on the way to the showpiece. Nadal, meanwhile, only returned to action this month after a rib stress fracture sidelined him for around two months. Despite starting the year with a 21st Grand Slam title win at the Australian Open and following it up with a victory in the Mexican Open, the 35-year-old has struggled since returning to the court. He was knocked out of the Madrid Open in the quarter-finals and then beaten in the round of 16 at the Italian Open. Alcaraz, meanwhile, is enjoying a brilliant run of form. JUST IN: Emma Raducanu in defiant coaching vow despite 'looking like I'm crazy' The teenager has won the Miami Open and the Madrid Open already this year, having already beaten both Nadal and Djokovic. And Corretja believes Alcaraz's enthusiasm and Djokovic and Nadal's consistency will be key to their chances of winning in Paris. Speaking to Dutch outlet Telegraf, Corretja said: "It will be decided by whether Djokovic and Nadal will keep their consistency or whether Alcaraz's enthusiasm will come to the fore. That is the only thing that should be 'unpacked' in the coming weeks. "It's difficult to say who has the best chances... If you look at the ATP list and the moment, Novak is in a good position, and Rafa is the only one with a question mark. DON'T MISSRafael Nadal named as tennis GOAT ahead of Djokovic or FedererMedvedev breaks silence on Wimbledon banning Russians and makes vowNovak Djokovic reveals what he's heard about Wimbledon talks "He is in a great position before coming to the tournament. I'm not sure if I should call him the exclusive favourite, because it depends on whether Nadal will get into his rhythm. "Alcaraz should be placed a little below them, because he is younger and we don't know how he will cope with two weeks of play and five-set matches. Novak still deserves credit to be the favourite, as we speak."