George Russell says he is enjoying his battle with Lewis Hamilton this season after getting the better of the seven-time world champion at the Miami Grand Prix. Russell started 12th on the grid, six places behind his experienced team-mate.  But the 24-year-old fought his way through the pack on a long stint, gambling that a late safety car would help his position. And that came when Mick Schumacher and Sebastian Vettel collided with just 10 laps remaining. When the safety car went in Russell overtook Hamilton for fifth place, leaving his team-mate moaning about strategy over the team radio. Dissecting his battle with Hamilton, Russell said: "It's good, when you battle with your team-mate you show more respect, give more space. I enjoyed it. I think there's good respect between us. I was pushing as hard as I could."   He added: "It was mixed feelings, based on yesterday it was a good result. We have a fast race car in there, we don't have the key to unlock it. There's more to do. It's frustrating but I'm sure we'll get there at some point. "I didn't really like the tarmac, what did I like? I liked that we were in Miami." Explaining the strategy call which benefitted Russell but cost Hamilton a position, Mercedes team principal Toto Wolff said: "George stayed out a long time. We were betting on a safety car and it came out of nowhere but went against Lewis, who lost the position. "At the end of the day there is no happy or unhappy moment. We are the third quickest on the road and we're in no-mans last. We had a good Friday, we need to dissect why that and come back."  Hamilton was not happy with his end result. The Brit said: "The car defiantly didn't feel the same as it did, I'm sure they'll check it it was quite a hard hit but otherwise it will be ok. We've got good points as a team today. We'll take it and move on. "In that scenario, I have no clue where everyone is, that's what you rely on the guys for. its just been a bit unfortunate with the safety car. I'm excited to take a step forward, which we haven't done yet." 