Nadine Dorries has backed the Prime Minister to "get on with the job" in a public display of confidence in her under pressure party leader. Boris Johnson is currently battling with the fallout from Partygate and the Sue Gray report with some Conservative MPs reportedly looking to gather enough supporters within the party to convince Mr Johnson to step down and quit Number 10. Ms Dorries told TalkTV: "There are some really serious important problems that we need to address right now. "And what the nation doesn't need is a navel-gazing party and a leadership crisis in the middle of some of the most important and difficult challenges we've ever faced as a nation. "We need to get on and govern and we need to keep on and continue to deliver on the promises that we've made to the British people." Asked by presenter Tom Newton Dunn if the Prime Minister would survive a no-confidence vote the Culture Secretary responded: "Absolutely. I don't think there's any doubt about that at all.  "The perception is that it requires 54 letters. "It doesn't it requires over half of the Conservative Party to remove the Prime Minister which is 170 MPs. "What I would say is let the Prime Minister get on with what he was elected to do. There is a war in Ukraine. At this very point in time, Putin's barbaric regime is attacking and bombing Ukraine. Let us get on with doing the things that need to be done. "We've got a cost of living crisis on a number of levels due to the fact that we can't get wheat out of Ukraine due to the energy crisis." Mr Johnson is facing growing pressure from Tory MPs to quit in the public interest, amid warnings he will lose the next election. Former minister Tobias Ellwood and backbencher Julian Sturdy described partygate as a "distraction" during a challenging time for Britons. Mr Sturdy, Conservative MP for York Outer, said the Sue Gray report showed Mr Johnson "has presided over a widespread culture of disregard for the coronavirus regulations". In a statement posted on Twitter, he said: "Questions are now being raised about whether the Prime Minister misled Parliament when asked about these events.   "Talking to constituents, it is clear discussions about parties in Downing Street remain a damaging distraction at a time when our country faces massive challenges with war returning to Europe, a global cost of living crisis, and our recovery from the pandemic being more important than ever. "This is clearly a time when we cannot have any doubt about the honesty, integrity, and personal character of the Prime Minister. "While I thought it important to wait for the conclusion of the Metropolitan Police investigation and the publication of the Sue Gray report, I am now unable to give the Prime Minister the benefit of the doubt and feel it is now in the public interest for him to resign." Conservative former ministerial aide Angela Richardson said the scandal has eroded public trust in politicians and "reflects badly on us all". "I am clear that had this been a report about my leadership, I would resign," the Guildford MP wrote online