Jed Mercurio has recently teamed up with actress Maya Sondhi to write and produce ITV's newest drama DI Ray. However, this isn't the first time the duo have worked together as Maya starred as PC Maneet Bindra in the hit BBC cop series Line of Duty. Although, Maya's character was killed off in the fifth series after she was feeding inside information back to corrupt police officers involved with 'H'. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk and other press, Jed opened up about PC Bindra's death. He admitted May wanted her character to be killed off. "Maya and I worked together for a long time," Jed began as he discussed working with Maya again. "So we'd been talking about developing ideas and I knew how much writing she was doing and I really wanted to support her voice as a writer and find a way that we could get our own show." READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Debbie Webster reports Abi in revenge twist Maya chipped in: "Also, he owed me this because he killed me and I needed another job. Yeah, I needed a new job." "I didn't kill Maya off, it was in assisted suicide," Jed chipped in. "She told me that she wanted to die in Line of Duty." DI Ray is a four-part series which saw DI Rachita Ray (played by Parminder Nagra) join the homicide team to solve a mysterious murder. However, the detective wasn’t warmly greeted by her colleagues as the drama touched upon racism in the workplace. Joining Parminder in the star-studded cast were Jamie Bamber, Gemma Whelan and Ian Puleston-Davies. Jamie, who played DCI Martyn Hunter, went on to praise Jed and Maya for their "impactful" script. He said: "That's the one thing I'd say about Maya’s writing that I think is so impactful because it doesn't bash you over the head." DON'T MISS...Lord of the Rings series: Amazon boss drops update on Rings of Power [INSIGHT]Lorraine warns Emmerdale guest to ‘behave' after appearance remark [VIDEO]'My life changed' Vera's Brenda Blethyn opens up on marriage breakdown [NEWS] Jamie continued: "I'm not of South Indian heritage, I'm not from Birmingham. "But when I read this story...I don't have the same experiences that you guys had growing up in a different culture. "I think there's a tendency for us to think that we have been educated. "We've come through a process over the last 20 to 30 years and for us to understand that it's these little moments [which are] really important to bring that to a broader audience." "And to dress it within a thriller genre that everyone responds to and everyone loves to know what happens next," he added. "Plus I've got to say working for an actor-writer is always a privilege. I mean that sincerely. "You know, I'm an actor first and foremost, but I love the idea that we have more to offer and so I'm always delighted to be involved with someone who's forging ahead in a different part as well." Speaking about Jed, Jamie concluded: "Thrillers are great, thrillers are fun and Jed does the best thrillers on TV so that’s a massive plus point when you’re on a phone call from your agent, that's a big thing." DI Ray is available to watch on the ITV Hub.