Thomas Partey has 'the doors open' for an exit from Arsenal, according to reports from Spain. Juventus are claimed to be interested in signing the midfielder, with Arthur Melo potentially sent in the opposite direction as part of a swap deal. Partey's time at Arsenal has been littered with injury problems and he is currently recovering from a thigh issue he suffered in early April. Manager Mikel Arteta has said that the 28-year-old is unlikely to play again this season. But according to Spanish outlet AS, Partey may not play for the Gunners again. The report claims there has been 'constant disagreements' between Partey and Arteta this season and the door has been left open for a potential exit this summer. AS says Partey would cost around £30million (€35m), £15m less than what Arsenal paid Atletico Madrid for him in 2020. Juve could also throw in Brazilian midfielder Arthur to sweeten the deal. READ MORE: Darwin Nunez sends Liverpool fans wild with social media activity - 'In the bag'  Arsenal were keen on signing Arthur on a short-term loan in January. They are interested in midfield reinforcements this summer but the 25-year-old is not thought to be high on their list of targets. Arthur is expected to leave Juve, with it claimed he already has one foot outside Turin. It remains to be seen what Arsenal's stance is on selling Partey. The Ghana star was starting to hit top form before his latest injury setback. But it is claimed his future now 'hangs in the balance more than ever'. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'agree' first transfer for Erik ten Hag ahead of busy summer [GOSSIP]Man City can sign three players after Haaland 'done deal' to land Liverpool blow [TRANSFERS]Erik ten Hag’s five-man Man Utd strikeforce with two signings and Cristiano Ronaldo [COMMENT]  Meanwhile, Arsenal boss Arteta was asked last week about the task he has of keeping hold of the club's best players. He stated it is his desire to do so but admitted it may be inevitable that some do leave. Arteta said: "Well what we have to be really prepared [for] is when we're going to do that and why we're going to do that, and we can control the timings and we can have the decision-making on when is the right time to do it and be prepared for that. So sometimes it is inevitable because you cannot offer the same competition level as they've been offered or because you think it is the right moment to make a move. "But in principle we want to maintain our best players and keep them and get better."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here