Steve Coogan hit out at “cynical” Hollywood in a recent Q&A with Express.co.uk and other press, claiming it “waits to see how the wind blows” before passing judgement on whether someone should be “cancelled” or not. Chivalry star Steve’s remarks came in the wake of Will Smith slapping Chris Rock at the Oscars for making a joke about his wife, Jada Pinkett Smith’s hair loss. “I think in terms of Hollywood, what to me is interesting about it is that, ultimately, the bottom line decisions in Hollywood are bottom line decisions,” Steve said. “Even the decisions that appear to be ethical or moral decisions are ultimately underpinned by a commercial decision. “And so that idea of enlightenment in Hollywood, is it an enlightenment, or giving dividends to shareholders? “Hollywood co-opts ethics and co-opts morality in a way that they can monetise, so that’s already a conflict over what’s the motivation. “And we see that with cancel culture…. Waiting to see where the wind blows before they declare what their moral position is. “We’ve seen quite a lot of that in recent days,” he added cryptically. Steve was more direct in an interview days later, responding to the moment Will slapped Chris. He told BBC’s Loose Ends he was “with Rob Reiner and Jim Carrey on this”, adding: “I think whether Chris Rock wants to press charges should be academic”. Director and actor Rod had said Will “owes Chris a huge apology” and that there was “no excuse for what he did”. Grinch star Jim said Will “should have been” arrested for the incident and said he would have sued him for $200million. Will has since apologised for the slap, writing in a statement on social media: “Violence in all of its forms is poisonous and destructive. DON'T MISS... Victoria Beckham spills on Mel B's MBE as Scary Spice goes commando [INSTAGRAM] Naga Munchetty sparks concern after BBC Breakfast absence [TV]Steph McGovern and partner forced to make change due to daughter [INSIGHT] "My behaviour at last night's Academy Awards was unacceptable and inexcusable. Jokes at my expense are a part of the job, but a joke about Jada's medical condition was too much for me to bear and I reacted emotionally. “I would like to publicly apologise to you, Chris. I was out of line and I was wrong. I am embarrassed and my actions were not indicative of the man I want to be. “There is no place for violence in a world of love and kindness. “I would also like to apologise to the Academy, the producers of the show, all the attendees and everyone watching around the world. “I would like to apologise to the Williams Family and my King Richard Family. “I deeply regret that my behaviour has stained what has been an otherwise gorgeous journey for all of us. “I am a work in progress. “Sincerely, Will”.