Paul Burrell, a former butler to Princess Diana, said he thought Meghan appears to be "smothering" Prince Harry. He predicted that Harry will "come back to this country with his tail between his legs". Mr Burrell said: "I thought that Meghan was this breath of fresh air who would modernise the Royal Family and bring all the vital elements that were missing, but what kind of love is this? "I feel that, from her body language at the polo, she came across as smothering. "I think Harry is totally besotted with her." Speaking to OK! Magazine, he continued: "Trying to resurrect his life by playing polo in Santa Barbara isn’t going to cut the mustard. "It’s not the Guards Polo Club at Windsor where everyone he went to school with plays polo. "What mates is he going to find in California? "He’s not grown up there with anyone. Mr Burrell added: "Harry’s going to need his brother one day. READ MORE: Netflix will be MOVED ON if cameras film Meghan and Harry at Jubilee "I think he will come back to this country with his tail between his legs. "His brother will put his arms around him and say, ‘Welcome home, Harry.’ "I don’t think he’s totally happy. "I think he’s missing his brother, I really do. DON'T MISS: Meghan's 'political gesture' analysed - 'First Lady' mannerism exposed [INSIGHT] Prince Harry 'very much enjoying' Netflix cameras ahead of Jubilee [ANALYSIS]Queen heads to Balmoral as frail monarch taking 'break' before Jubilee [REVEAL] "I think he’s missing his family, I think he’s missing his friends and the lifestyle he had here in England. "I think he’s given everything up for Meghan and I don’t know how long he’s going to be able to live that life." Meghan and Harry stepped back from senior royal duties in early 2020. They have only returned to the UK together once when they visited the Queen at Windsor Castle in April ahead of the Invictus Games. Rumours of a rift between Prince Harry and Prince William have been circling for years, but they have grown since Harry said there was "space" between himself and his brother in his interview with Oprah last year. And on a trip to South Africa the previous October, Harry said he and William were on "different paths at the moment". But he added: "I will always be there for him as I know he will always be there for me."