Britain's Got Talent presenters Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly gave out their Golden Buzzer to magician act Keiichi Iwasaki on Saturday night. The magician blew away the presenters and the judges after he managed to make a playing card fly and a ring land on Alesha Dixon's finger in mid-air. Whilst many were impressed with the act, a number slammed the performance as well as Ant and Dec's decision to award the Golden Buzzer. Taking to the stage, Alesha asked what he was doing for them, to which he replied: "It's my bicycle, I am a little bit nervous. "It is a big stage, the biggest in the world and in my dreams to be here today! It's amazing!." She also asked what he would do with the money if he won, to which he revealed: "I want to cross the Atlantic Ocean by rowing boat, I want to buy the boat." Keiichi began his act and asked Ant and Dec to join him on the stage to check his pack of playing cards and shuffle them. READ MORE: Escape to the Chateau’s Dick Strawbridge explains 'ridiculous' buy Dec chose a card and showed it to the audience and Keiichi revealed his card, which ended up under his armpit, impressing the audience. However, that wasn't the end of the trick as he made the card "fly" across the stage and danced with the card. After an array of other tricks, his last one included Alesha being invited onto the stage and asked to hold a ring. Keiichi asked for Alesha to stand still with her finger pointing up whilst he spun the ring in mid-air, leaving the judges opened mouthed at what they were seeing. The ring floated forward and landed on Alesha's finger, with the crowd and judges applauding and giving a standing ovation. Amanda Holden was first to give her opinion on the act: "I loved it, you are funny, you are quirky, you are very charming, and your magic was absolutely excellent, faultless." David Walliams added: "You are the funniest person we have seen and the most magical person we have seen, I love you." Simon Cowell praised: "You are an absolute natural, people are going to like you so much, my son is going to love you, you are one of the best we have seen so far." DON'T MISS...BGT viewers 'expose' how Witch performed bad apple trick  [INSIGHT]Simon Cowell's surgery to achieve ageless face 'hurt like hell' [LATEST]Simon Cowell speaks out on retiring from Britain's Got Talent [WATCH] Finally, Alesha said: "Isn't that lovely? The audience loves you, I love you, you are a superstar, so I am going to kick this off with a yes!" David, Simon and Amanda all agreed that Keiichi should be sent through to the next round, but Ant and Dec had other ideas as they ran onto the stage. They ran down to the judging panel and pushed the Golden Buzzer for Keiichi, sending him straight to the semi-finals. He was astounded at the action from the presenters and gave them both a hug as they walked back onto the stage to congratulate his performance. Whilst many were impressed with Keiichi's performance, some slammed the choice of a Golden Buzzer after eagle-eyed viewers felt they knew how he managed to do it. User @Bob71136804 commented: "This is worse than Harry Potter. Get him off. #BritainsGotTalent." Elsie Stewart claimed they'd worked out the stunt, adding: "Invisible string on his head, #britainsgottalent." Mandy Downs echoed: "Whats a load of rubbish and a fix! A lot of other worthy people should have gotten through, not someone who has a string on them to hold the ring up!" Others slammed the choice of Ant and Dec to press the Golden Buzzer with @kisshufan4ever added: "Complete fix how many professionals/ known talent are going to get the golden buzzer this year #BritainsGotTalent." @stphsmn87 said: "Umm, what now?? Yes, he was amazing, but that was not golden buzzer worthy. #BritainsGotTalent." @kthcvpid fumed: "Sorry, but iI don’t think he was golden buzzer worthy #BritainsGotTalent." (sic) However, a number of others praised the illusionist's efforts with @T7467X arguing: "Well deserved Golden buzzer. That act was awesome. Well done Ant and Dec. #goldenbuzzer #britainsgottalent #bgt" Britain's Got Talent airs Saturday from 8pm on ITV.