The study of 2,000 social media users who like to venture abroad also found 44 percent would go as far as unfollowing someone for using cringey captions. While 66 percent would avoid posting on social media altogether rather than risk posting content deemed "basic" by their Instagram followers and Facebook friends. It also revealed the type of holiday snaps people are tired of seeing, including gratuitous bikini shots, hands joining to create a heart in front of a sunset and that first airport beer pic. A fed up 38 percent have even muted followers and friends on social channels after getting tired of seeing a continuous display of holiday pictures. Zoe Harris, chief customer officer at On the Beach, which commissioned the research, said: “Since restrictions across Europe eased, we’ve seen a huge increase in beach holiday bookings, which means we're set for a summer of sun, sea and sandy social content. "This year, we’re encouraging people to get real on social media, celebrating everything that comes with a holiday - showing off the favourite and funniest bits of their trips. "We believe holidays should be enjoyed for what they are - a break from normality and a chance to relax. "Admittedly, we all love the attention we get when posting about our sun-soaked beach break, but it can be enjoyed so much more by living in the moment.” The study also found 29 percent even admitted to booking their holiday destinations based on how it will look on their social feed. Barbados, Santorini and St Tropez were named among the most "Instagrammable" holidays, as well as the Maldives, Cancun and Cape Town. Conducted via OnePoll, the research found travellers will spend nearly 44 minutes-a-day capturing and posting holiday content - the equivalent of nearly 10 hours during a two-week break. But 39 percent struggle to come up with engaging captions for their own posts. Tom Read Wilson, wordsmith and resident "Agony Uncle" on Celebs Go Dating, said: “Summer 2022 sees the return of the long-awaited beach break. "It’s likely jet-setters will be feeling the poolside-pressure to revamp their bleak, blighty-based social media grids with some colourful sun, sea and sand. “The truth is that the #holiday is back. So, incidentally, is the holiday hashtag.    “But after a few years of tiresome travel restrictions, many will be out of practice and may risk going more OTT than beautiful sand and sea.” TOM'S TIPS FOR PERFECTING YOUR TRAVEL POSTS: TOP 10 MOST CRINGEWORTHY CAPTIONS: