Nigel Farage has criticised the attempts of the Conservative Government to deliver reforms to the UK asylum system following the UK's departure from the European Union. The Tory Government pledged to"fix the broken asylum system" by delivering new Brexit measures through the Nationality and Borders Bill. Brexit promises of reform have been bashed as GB News revealed up to 30,000 hotel rooms a day are being used by the Home Office to house arrivals to the UK waiting on their asylum claims to be processed. Speaking as a host of GB News, Mr Farage said: "A million people in one year have been given the right to stay in the country."     He continued: "How does this fit in with the promises Boris Johnson made to uphold Brexit, to take back control, dare one say?" "Do the Conservative party even care about this?" Sue Reid, special investigations editor at Daily Mail, had been invited by Mr Farage to discuss the news of an expected 1,500 asylum seekers arriving at a former RAF base in North Yorkshire, near Linton upon Ouse. Ms Reid replied: "I think they do care about it actually, but, I mean, look at what's happening in Linton upon Ouse."     She added: "It’s an EU model, it’s the same as the facility in Greece which I’ve been to, in Samos. "The south of France are looking at the same facility, the EU is paying for these facilities, this is an identical model." The editor claimed the current approach of the UK appeared to mirror measures taken by nations still very much part of the European Union despite promises of serious reform. The residents of the Yorkshire village have expressed their outrage as the first asylum seekers, reportedly all young men, are set to arrive in the area in the coming days. Read more: Migrants in UK choosing home over Rwanda    Ms Reid continued: "The local MP has said the most incredible things, people are in fear of their lives in Linton upon Ouse now, children will be scared to go to the playground, people will be prisoners in their own homes. "Who on earth have we brought in Nigel?" Mr Farage responded: "Given that none of them have ID documents, we don’t know who we’ve brought in." Ms Reid suggested the whole situation would "all end in tears" as she claimed "the whole asylum system is broken." Don't miss:Fury over plans to make former RAF base in tiny village asylum centre [INSIGHT]Stopping people smugglers is key to continued migrant crisis  [ANALYSIS]Rwanda scheme questioned after MP claims housing in Britain would c... [REPORT]  A spokesperson for the Home Office explained the accommodation plans surrounding a former RAF base in Yorkshire were intended to ease the estimated £5million daily cost of using hotels to house asylum seekers. Home Office figures suggest around 37,000 asylum seekers are currently living in Government-provided hotel accommodation across the UK. Speaking to the Commons, MP for Thirsk and Malton, Kevin Hollinrake, who also serves Linton upon Ouse, described the Home Office approach to housing asylum seekers within his constituency as an "abuse of power." Mr Hollinrake explained he had not been able to find any Government representative, a member of the Home Office or otherwise, that was willing to take accountability for the decision to use the RAF base.   