Over four memorable days, there will be an estimated 60,000 community lunches and 16,000 neighbourhood parties. St Paul’s Cathedral will host a thanksgiving service, Buckingham Palace a spectacular concert. Streets will be bedecked with bunting. Fiery beacons will light up the night sky. After the recent agonies of Covid and the present crisis over living standards, the Jubilee will be a powerful shot in the arm for Britain, a reminder that we are still a great nation with an unrivalled heritage and a special identity. As the colourful main events in London will demonstrate, ours is a creative and dynamic country whose global contributions include military splendour, Sir Elton John, James Bond and the Red Arrows. It is also appropriate that, in advance of this moment of national pride, the Government should have announced the return of the traditional Crown symbol on that very British institution: the pint glass. This is part of a review that could see the return of imperial measures, now that Britain has left the EU. At the heart of the festivities lies the overwhelming desire of the British to honour Her Majesty for her seven decades of unstinting dedication and service. The Platinum Jubilee resonates with us because it offers an opportunity to express our gratitude to her for carrying her burden so heroically and performing her role so diligently serving monarch in British history but also perhaps the greatest. She did not wield political power or fight in battle like some of her predecessors, but she has been a wonderful agent for stability and solidarity at a time of unprecedented change. During her long reign, Britain has been transformed from an industrialised country at the head of a mighty empire into a multiracial, digitalised society, yet thanks in part to her unifying influence, this revolution has been achieved with remarkably little turmoil. Indeed, it is a tribute to the respect the Queen inspires that the monarchy is probably as secure today as it was when she ascended the throne in February 1952. Republicanism is largely a fringe cause. That reality is extraordinary, for the hereditary principle – on which the Crown depends – is an anachronism in our democratic age. Yet the truth is that the position of constitutional sovereign has been a blessing for Britain. There was nothing inevitable about this success. After all, some recent British monarchs have failed miserably, including Edward VIII, who gave up the throne within less than a year of his ascension in 1936 because of his love for an American divorcee. It was a decision that came as a relief to many in the establishment, who suspected him of idleness and Nazi sympathies. Some modern European sovereigns have been disastrous, most notably Juan Carlos I of Spain, who had to abdicate in 2014 amid a deluge of financial and sex scandals. But we in Britain have been exceptionally lucky in Elizabeth II, whose mix of stoicism, determination and charm makes her perfect for her job. She famously declared on her 21st birthday that her “whole life will be devoted to your service” and she has triumphantly lived up to those words. Always respectful of her 14 different Prime Ministers, she has avoided political controversy but never her duty. Some voices, particularly on the left, loathe all this reverence for the monarchy – and by extension, any manifestations of national pride. One law professor, viewing the Union Jacks in London, claimed recently that Britain is sliding into fascism. “The only thing missing are the tanks,” he tweeted. Another social media user bleated “in my small town they have hung Union Jack bunting, the last straw for me today”. These killjoys should recognise that patriotism is not a dark, malevolent force. On the contrary, it is a noble ideal that can bring us all together – as we will happily see this week.