Liverpool star Mohamed Salah has dubbed himself the best right-winger in the world ahead of the Reds' Champions League showdown with Real Madrid - with the Egyptian winger offering a warning to the Spanish giants that his side are out for revenge after losing out in the 2018 final. Salah, who won the 2022 FWA Footballer of the Year award last week, has been one of the leaders in his position across world football since his move to Anfield. Having scored 30 goals in 48 appearances this season, it speaks volumes that this will likely only be his second-best season for the Reds after his 44-goal first season at Anfield in 2017-18. And with the forward likely to have won the Premier League Golden Boot in three of his five campaigns come the end of the season, Salah has dubbed himself as the best in the world in his position. “If you compare me with any player in my position, not only in my team but in the world, you will find that I am the best,” he told BeIN Sports. “I always focus on my work and do my best and my numbers are the best proof of my words. I like to always create a new challenge for me, to work in a different way and to make a difference and that is my duty.” JUST IN: Liverpool fired Klopp warning as Reds advised to 'move on' from Salah With other attackers such as Diogo Jota, Luis Diaz and Sadio Mane also producing good numbers this campaign at Anfield, Salah has taken a bold step in claiming that the position is his own. But after being elected into the multiple Team of the Year awards since his move to Merseyside, his point is hardly controversial. He will have a chance to prove his credentials in Liverpool's Champions League final clash against Real Madrid on May 28. They faced off in the final back in 2018, where Loris Karius' mistakes coupled with Gareth Bale's excellence handed the title. Salah went off early after a reckless challenge from Sergio Ramos left him with a shoulder injury and he has stated that he will be looking for revenge. READ MORE: Man City told they've saved £99m on Haaland as 'statement' lauded “Before 2018, some said that I could not do anything after leaving Chelsea,” Salah added. “But I continued and did great things, I think in a positive way and try to be on the right path. “I remember the last final against Real Madrid as if it was yesterday. We are well prepared and hopefully we can take our revenge in the next final.”