Arsenal looked out of ideas as Ben White's own goal sentenced Mikel Arteta's side to a 1-0 defeat against Newcastle United on Monday. The Gunners' Champions League hopes are no longer in their own hands as they failed to reclaim fourth from Tottenham Hotspur ahead of the season's final day. Express Sport rates the Arsenal players on a potentially season-ending night at St. James' Park. Produced a fine save to deny Allan Saint-Maximin near the end of the first half but looked shaky for most of the night. Arsenal's nervous performance stemmed from the back. Was ran absolutely ragged by Saint-Maximin, winning none of his five duels and being dribbled past four times before exiting the pitch injured after 39 minutes. None of Arsenal's defenders looked assured in the slightest, and his own goal made St. James' Park even louder. Maintained a 91 per cent pass accuracy and won both of his ground duels. Probably Arsenal's best defender. The bar wasn't high. Failed to act as an effective outlet down the left, completing just 63 per cent of his passes, and was pulled off after an hour. JUST IN: Man Utd 'trying everything' to sign De Jong with Ten Hag desperate Arsenal's two holding midfielders were their best players but they were beaten in the midfield battle. Mohamed Elneny will deserve his new contract at the Emirates. Maintained an 85 per cent pass accuracy, completed all five of his long balls and completed both of his take-on attempts. A ghost all evening. Arsenal needed their big players to show up on Tyneside, but Bukayo Saka didn't. Created three chances but couldn't single-handedly get Arsenal's attack firing. Like Saka, struggled to make an impact on the wing and wasn't helped by Nuno Tavares' poor display. READ MORE: Liverpool suddenly 'reappoint physio' after Salah and other injuries Only had 25 touches on a night dominated by the hosts. Booked for a nasty clash with Fabian Schar. Should've started instead of Tavares. Came on for the final 40 minutes and won all three ground duels and recorded a 90 per cent pass accuracy. Struggled to get into the game after coming on. Likely his final away game for Arsenal. Couldn't inspire the attack off the bench but could be in the Champions League elsewhere anyway next season. His time at Arsenal must nearly be up. Certified flop. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.