After Life star Ricky Gervais has taken to Twitter where he left his fans in stitches yesterday with a jibe aimed at Piers Morgan's latest interview on his show, Uncensored. The Netflix actor, 60, left his fans in stitches with his view on the former Good Morning Britain presenter's latest chat, which saw him speak to the Taliban's spokeperson. The funnyman was quick to share his thoughts on the interview which aired last night. Twitter user @FrenchieParis1 asked the star: "@rickygervais what do you think about @piersmorgan interviewing the taliban tonight? #disgusting." Replying to the question in view of his 14.8 million followers, he wrote: "I’ve lost all respect for them. Following Gervais' remark, the star's fans flooded to the comments to weigh in on the joke. READ MORE: Deborah James talks ‘wanting to hold husband's hand' in last days Twitter user @Phoen1xUp was left confused by the comedian's joke and commented: "The Taliban or Piers Morgan?" @Kittybutler0 quickly clarified: "He suggesting he’s lost respect for the taliban for lowering their standards in speaking to Morgan…it’s a clever play on words." @KingChrisVII responded to the star: "Lots of wokes are getting offended by a joke lol." (sic) While @jonnyreidmusic penned: "Ricky wins the internet today," with a series of laughing face emojis. "Ricky we need you back at the Oscars", added @tising7799. It comes after Morgan revealed the latest person to appear on his TalkTV show. "TONIGHT... EXCLUSIVE… I will interview the official Taliban spokesman," he wrote in view of his 7.9 million followers. It revealed that the former GMB host would be talking to Suhail Shaheen. DON'T MISS... Bill Turnbull reacts to Deborah James' fight amid his cancer battle [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton 'hints at intimate piercing' in wake of jewellery ban [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan's behind scenes behaviour exposed by Rob Rinder [UPDATE] Morgan's show Uncensored aired at the end of April and his first interview was with former US President, Donald Trump. After Life star Gervais made a surprise cameo on the first episode, wishing Morgan "good luck". The comedian said: "The producers of Piers Morgan’s new show contacted me and asked me if I’d like to be a guest. I said, ‘Definitely not.' "They said, 'Would you mind doing a quick video wishing him luck?' "I said, ‘Do I have to mean it?’ They said ‘No’. I said ‘Good luck,'" he added. Piers has also spoken to Succession star Brian Cox, former Spice Girl Mel B and his fellow TalkTV colleague, Sharon Osbourne. Sharon is also a host on TalkTV's show, The Talk GB. Uncensored airs weekdays at 8pm on TalkTV.