  Piers Morgan, 57, has invited the Royals to eat lunch with him after the Piers Morgan Uncensored Twitter account joked that his own invitation from the Duchess of Cambridge, 40, must be “lost in the post”. His invite comes after he sat down with The Diana Chronicles author Tina Brown, 68, and spoke about his relationship with the Royal Family.     Piers took to Twitter this afternoon to address the Royal Family directly in front of his 7.9 million followers. The TalkTV presenter simply wrote: “Lunch @KensingtonRoyal?” Underneath the tweet, Piers shared a video posted by the Twitter account for his show Piers Morgan Uncensored. The video was captioned: “‘If you're watching, your Royal Highness, I am available.’ READ MORE: Jane Fonda, 84, reflects on 'final act' in career in new interview     “Piers recounts the time he had lunch with Princess Diana and Prince William in the 90s. “His invitation from the Duchess of Cambridge must be lost in the post…” In the video, Piers can be seen chatting with Royal expert Tina about the time he had lunch with Princess Diana and a young Prince William. During the interview, Tina described Piers as the “Prince of the 90’s” thanks to a number of diaries he kept about his interactions with famous figures at that time.      “One of the most amazing stories you tell in that diary is when you went to lunch at Kensington Palace with Prince William and Diana.” “Two hours of everything,” Piers interjected. “And what struck me is that William was 13 and she told him everything. Absolutely everything.” “And that was what’s so incredible,” Tina cut in. “I mean, can you imagine today? I hope it might happen but I suspect it won’t… READ MORE... Steph McGovern and partner forced to make change due to daughter  [INSIGHT] Nicole Kidman, 54, looks almost unrecognisable in make-up free photo [UPDATE] Amber Heard's low-cut charity event dress she says sparked fury shown [LATEST]    “Is that the Duchess of Cambridge would invite you, Piers, over to lunch with her and Prince Georgie.” “Well if you’re watching, Your Royal Highness, I am available,” Piers added cheekily. Piers’ followers took to the comments section to discuss Piers’ invite to Kate. DuchessofPigs wrote: “Aw piers I hope you get lunch with William and Kate that would be amazing you could all have such a good laugh.      “And would be lovely as you dined with Diana and William many years ago! Good luck piers I hope you get a invite.” (sic) While Moresome72 commented: “Never forget how #PiersMorgan ferociously attacked Diana on a regular basis.” Alison added: “Diana was a one off and none of the following bunch could even remotely compare.” Piers Morgan Uncensored continues tonight at 8pm on TalkTV.   