You might sometimes see tiny bugs fluttering in and around your houseplant pots, and these are likely to be fungus gnats. Typically, 3 to 4mm long with greyish brown bodies, these little pests are magnetised to damp soil and decaying leaves, which explains why houseplants are a particular hotspot for the gnats. Although they’re not harmful, their presence is often a nuisance, and their excessive breeding habits mean it’s best to combat fungus gnats sooner rather than later. Elin Harryson, in-house plant expert at Planta told Express.co.uk: “Adult gnats live about one week and lay up to 300 eggs in the moist soil. “Within four to six days, tiny larvae emerge and start to feed on plant roots. The transition stage lasts between three to four days before adults leave the soil and the next generation will begin. “The entire life cycle from egg to adult may be completed in three to four weeks depending on temperature.” The larvae mainly feed on dead roots and other decaying plant material, however, some species are known to feed on soft plant growth - like seedling roots - which can be more of an issue. Established plants are unlikely to be affected by fungus gnat larvae due to their well-developed root system, but it’s a good idea to keep healthy and infected plants apart from one another until the gnats clear out.  READ MORE: Swiss cheese plant: The ‘daily’ job to keep your houseplant alive  Ms Harryson said: “When bringing any new houseplant home, keep it in a different room from your other plants for at least a few weeks while you wait to see if it is concealing unwelcome visitors. “If you spot insects on a plant, move the plant and its container away from your other plants, to prevent them from also being contaminated.” Although bugs are inevitable in the realm of houseplants, you’re unlikely to want 300 fungus gnat eggs buried in your soil. And the good news is there are effective measures you can take to rid your plants and yourself of the prospect of fungus gnats returning in large numbers. Express.co.uk spoke to Ms Harryson to find out her top tips to treat fungus gnats.  A good place to start is to check indoor plants frequently to ensure they are not over-watered, as this enables fungus gnats to breed and thrive. Ms Harryson said: “You can often stave off gnats by giving plants a break in watering but be extra careful with using this method on drought intolerant plants, as it could do more harm than good. “Regularly inspecting plants will help you take action before a large population of gnats start to develop.” If you turn to other options for clearing your plants of gnats, start with your local garden centre’s non-pesticide control section. Ms Harryson said: “Beneficial nematode species can be used to eradicate fungus gnat larvae. They target pest types that we don’t want to encounter in our soil, but will not hurt your soils or plant matter. DON'T MISS: Best houseplants to ‘reduce stress levels’ and help you sleep [ANALYSIS]‘Sure signs’ your houseplant needs repotting - ‘roots will clog up’ [INSIGHT]'Can spread bacteria' How to stop flies in the house - 8 scents [EXPLAINED]     Add them to your soil and they will take out any burrowing fungus gnat larvae, as well as other pests. Ms Harryson said: “In addition to nematode species you can use predatory mites such as Hypoaspis miles and Macrocheles robustus. “The mites will inhabit the soil and feed on the eggs and larvae of the fungus gnats, and while they control the pests in the soil, they will never harm the plant itself.” Alternatively, you can also try sticky traps, often one of the most effective and easy-to-use methods of gnat control. They resemble sticky notes, which can be placed horizontally on the surface of your plants’ soil or on metal holders above it.  Ms Harryson said: “The traps have a glue coating that captures adult gnats as well as fresh gnats just emerging from the soil. Be sure to keep replacing your traps as more flies begin to stick to them to help clear them all away!” Sticky traps, unfortunately, don’t affect larvae still in the soil. So, to combat the burrowing pests, Ms Harryson suggested drenching the soil with neem oil. Neem oil is a natural pesticide, pressed out of the seeds from neem trees, and has a long history of use to control insects. Ms Harryson said: “Although drenching the soil with neem oil will kill fungus gnats, it will leave other harmless insects that roam your houseplant untouched. “I do recommend using pesticides as a last resort because insects may begin to develop resistance to them.” 