South African cricket legend AB de Villiers has weighed in on tennis star Ash Barty's decision to retire from the sport at the age of just 25, describing it as "weird".       Barty left fans stunned when she announced that she was retiring from tennis in March, despite being world No 1. At the time, Barty said she felt "absolutely spent" and that "physically I have nothing more to give". She also said she was retiring to "chase other dreams", leading to speculation that Barty may look to resume her cricket career, having taken an 18-month hiatus from tennis in 2014 where she ended up playing cricket for Women's Big Bash League side Brisbane Heat. Barty is also a talented golfer, having won a tournament in her native Queensland just two weeks after retiring from tennis. She is also set to take part in an exhibition golf tournament called the Icon Series, which will see Barty and De Villiers join forces as part of a Rest of the World team against Team USA. Golf legends Ernie Els and Fred Couples will captain the two sides, while other sports stars like Michael Phelps, Pep Guardiola, Harry Kane and Saul 'Canelo' Alvarez will also be competing. JUST IN: Djokovic opponent Monfils downplays concerns over Serb ahead of clash Speaking to AFP News Agency ahead of the tournament, De Villiers was asked about Barty's retirement, having met her back in 2019 when he was playing for Brisbane Heat in the Big Bash League. "It is a weird one to explain," De Villiers said. "I think the best answer is that every person has their own way of manoeuvring through their career, some as long as possible. The whole world respects her decision. "I would like to think stepping away can be a relief but it is an incredible age to retire at." De Villiers, meanwhile, retired from cricket last November at the age of 37, having ended his international career three years earlier aged 34. DON'T MISSMurray's main weapon may be used against him in Shapovalov Madrid tieEmma Raducanu Wimbledon warning fired with 'unbelievable' target setEmma Raducanu gives honest view on new tennis sensation Carlos Alcaraz "I feel relief sitting here," he said of his own decision to retire. "I am feeling quite happy I made the right decision even if I miss the game and will be forever grateful to the sport. "But similar to Ash there is a peace of mind where I am at. I am really happy to look back on my career with fond memories. There are no regrets. Yes, I made mistakes but no regrets."