Arsenal have the opportunity to finally replace Aaron Ramsey following the announcement that Corentin Tolisso will depart Bayern Munich for free this summer upon the expiry of his contract. The Gunners are in the market for a new midfielder and could now move to capture the Frenchman, who would provide the sort of goal threat that has been missing since Ramsey left for Juventus back in 2019.  Bayern Munich confirmed on Monday that Tolisso will be departing the club this summer after five years in Bavaria, with the two parties having failed to strike an agreement over a new deal. The 27-year-old is therefore now free to join a new club this summer. Taking to Twitter to address the news, Tolisso posted: "A new page is turned... A big THANK YOU for these five beautiful years which brought me so much on a sporting and personal level! I wish the best to Bayern Munich for the years to come!" He later reacted to a farewell post from the German club, adding: "A new start". And that new start could very well come in North London. Arsenal have previously been linked with the 28-time French international and, given they are keen to acquire a new midfielder of proven quality this summer, there will be few better value for money than Tolisso. READ MORE: Arsenal face battle to sign new 'Philipp Lahm' with West Ham and Newcastle keen  That's because he could now arrive at the Emirates on a free in a strikingly similar deal to the one that saw the Gunners lose Ramsey to Juventus three years' ago after the Welshman ran down his contract. Much like Ramsey, Tolisso possesses a goal threat from midfield - something that has been missing since the 31-year-old left for Turin. Despite his time with Bayern having been hampered by injuries, Tolisso scored 21 goals and registered 15 assists across 118 appearances for the Bundesliga champions, who recently claimed their 10th title success in a row. On top of that, Arsenal would be landing themselves a serial winner. DON'T MISSArsenal could repeat Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil signings for next season[OPINION]Liverpool told to hijack Man Utd summer signing for Sadio Mane replacement[QUOTES]Neil Warnock issues 'non-league' response to Djed Spence after star's cheeky promotion dig [SOCIAL]  The versatile midfielder won 14 trophies during his time with Bayern, including the Bundesliga title in each of his five seasons and the Champions League back in 2020. The former Lyon star also played a part in helping his native France to lift the World Cup in 2018. Though the Gunners won't be able to offer Tolissso the lure of Champions League football next term, the Frenchman would likely slot straight into Mikel Arteta's midfield as the Arsenal boss looks to upgrade the central partnership of Granit Xhaka and Thomas Partey this summer. Should Tolisso accept the drop down in favour of regular game-time, Arsenal may finally have found the ideal replacement for Ramsey. 