Houseplants are a great way to add a splash of colour and design to a room. Larger houseplants can act as a piece of artwork or furniture, creating a statement and adding impact to an otherwise bland space. Smaller houseplants can be placed at desks, hung from shelves or positioned on furniture to add a touch of nature without overwhelming a space. With houseplants remaining as popular as ever, new trends within the indoor plant world are creeping in. More people are looking for larger, statement plants that can be used in the place of furniture, rather than several smaller houseplants. “We’re looking at these big old statement pieces where you put one in a room and it’s totally transformed,” explained Hollie Newton, Sproutl’s chief creative officer to Express.co.uk. Last week, The Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew and Sproutl unveiled an exciting co-curated plant range called the Palm House Collection. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to remove yellow pillow stains - ‘easiest way’ The new Kew x Sproutl collection includes seven stunning plants that are inspired by Kew Garden’s Palm House. The collection allows homeowners to create the “jungle look” in their homes using “statement” houseplants. Some of the plants in the collection include the banana tree ‘dwarf cavendish’, the pygmy date palm and alocasia regal shields which has almost black leaves with a velvet texture. “These are things you don’t often find,” Hollie said.  DON'T MISSHow to get rid of slugs in your home [INSIGHT]How to properly organise your wardrobe to ‘maximise the space’ [UPDATE]How to clean duvet and pillows without washing machine ‘Kills germs’ [ANALYSIS] “I think it’s becoming very closely aligned to interior design. If you think of it more like a piece of furniture, it’s actually a really good investment. “You’d spend a lot on a really cool standing light or a sofa - but it costs a lot less than a sofa.” Hollie said large houseplants can act as a “corner saver”. If there’s a lack of height in a room, a tall houseplant might just be the best solution. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “There’s the trick of putting it on a plant stand or table which can really elevate it,” she added. Houseplants with a large leaf span are great for “filling space”. The gardening experts said bathrooms are also a “brilliant place to put plants”. Bathrooms can often look clinical and stark so adding greenery can completely “transform” the room. “A lot of them really love showers because it keeps them humid and happy,” Hollie said. Those with smaller homes can still have larger, statement houseplants.  A large statement houseplant in a small room can look “design-y” and “fabulous”. The Palm House collection - which includes architectural masterpieces and rare collectable pieces - allows homeowners to add a touch of Kew into their own homes. The houseplant collection is perfect for rooms big and small, with houseplants ranging from 45cm to 165cm with leaf spans of up to three metres.