Kate Middleton and Prince William’s home, Kensington Palace, is officially the most popular royal residence on Instagram, according to new research. The palace, valued at an estimated £624million, is the official London home of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and houses a rich array of royal apartments, wings and offices. Kensington Palace boasts more Instagram hashtags per square metre – 148 – than any other royal property and has been home to numerous high-profile royals in the past, including Princess Diana.  Princess Diana occupied Apartments Eight and Nine in Kensington Palace and redesigned the interiors to transform them into an airy, modern space. This included her warm, yellow walls inside her drawing-room, as well as her on-trend, pastel wallpaper in her sitting room. William and Kate currently occupy Apartment 1A in the palace: a lavish, four-storey mansion with 20 opulent rooms from the basement to attic. The Duke and Duchess’ living quarters include a variety of drawing rooms, a gym, an elevator, encrypted Wi-Fi and a private, walled garden.  READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'All feel lonely' William and Kate open up The research, by Luxury Hotel, analysed Instagram hashtags for 23 of the most popular royal residences in the UK and divided the number of hashtags by the square metre of each residence, to discover which royal home generated the most Instagram hashtags per square metre. A spokesperson for Luxury Hotel spoke to Express.co.uk about the findings. They said: “The fact that Kensington Palace is the hottest royal residence on Instagram - with more hashtags per square metre than any other home on the list - reveals the overwhelming popularity of Prince William and Kate Middleton. “The role of Buckingham Palace as the epicentre of the monarchy, and the setting for major state and royal events is no match for the public’s fascination with every aspect of the lives of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge.  “From the way they raise their children to every lavish room of their Kensington Palace apartment,” the expert noted. They continued: “The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have catapulted the Royal Family into the 21st Century with their fresh outlook and stylish attainability, interspersed with enough regal formality to maintain the idealised mystery of The Crown. “While Prince William is unlikely to become King for several years, the unrelenting power of he and his wife Kate Middleton (the future Queen Consort of England) on social media is so great that they have made Kensington Palace more desirable on Instagram than Buckingham Palace. “Thus is likely to make him the most sought-after future monarch in history.”  Speaking on the Royal Beat podcast, Christopher Warwick said of Kensington Palace: “It is not a small house.” Meanwhile, royal author Ingrid Seward commented: “It's enormous... and it's like a piece of countryside in London.” Apartment 1A has twenty rooms, including five reception rooms, three master bedrooms - including two main floor master suites and his-and-hers dressing rooms, along with two separate nurseries - one for daytime play and one for sleep. In terms of how the royal children’s bedrooms are decorated, Kate admitted the family chose IKEA furniture. In 2018 Kate told IKEA’s Head of Design, Marcus Engman, that she had chosen to dec out Prince George’s room with IKEA furniture and it was later revealed Princess Charlotte’s room had the same treatment.  The kitchen, which is the heart of the home, was renovated to Kate and William’s taste. It was reported the royal couple spent £170,000 of their own money refurbing the kitchen. The Cambridges also have an impressive entrance hall with black and white flagstones. And guests are shown to one of the two drawing rooms - one of which features a grand piano and cream sofas. This room was where they welcomed former US President Barak Obama and First Lady Michelle. Meanwhile, in the basement, there is a gym, laundry room and space for luggage. 