Stacey Solomon, 32, has taken to Instagram to issue a warning about gardening. The star was situated in her Pickle Cottage home as she snapped a shot for her fans. The social media star posted a photo of a giant plant and explained they should be avoided for safety reasons. Stacey’s message was posted out to her 5.1 million followers. She wrote: “P.S - don’t pick cows parsley unless you know what it looks like. “There are hairless and giant plants that look like this and are not safe to pick.” READ MORE: Meghan Markle's 'main issue' pointed out by Karren Brady  She added: “Happy Thursday everyone.” Earlier this month, Stacey expressed some upset at having to delay the instalment of her new back garden pool. The star explained that, unfortunately, her pool wouldn’t be ready in time for her son Leighton’s 10th birthday. She was questioned by an unnamed user asking about the pool. They wrote at the time: “How’s the pool coming along??? “Is it ready in time for Leighton’s birthday? xxx” Stacey then replied explaining it should be ready to fill the following week. The Tap to Tidy star said last year that she was suffering a "nightmare" trying to get the pool done before she welcomed baby Rose. READ MORE... 'Thought she would bounce back' Lorraine on Deborah James [INSIGHT] Chris Evans' disbelief as three of his co-star's quit Virgin Radio UK [UPDATE] BBC's Deborah James bids farewell as she moves to hospice at home care [NEWS]  At the time, however, it was ultimately left unfinished. In a story from two weeks ago, the star provided an update as she admitted she's embarrassed to show her swimming pool. Stacey wrote: "So many of you asking to see the tiles. "But I know this is the most un-relatable content ever, so I'm sorry. "I do cringe sharing it." She then said she felt “embarrassed.” Stacey also confirmed that the cottage came with the pool but it just needed some safety updates. The Loose Women panellist explained that the original owners left the pool job in the middle of construction. The former X Factor contestant was  crowned 'Queen of the Jungle' in the 2015 series of I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here!. She is married to Joe Swash and has sons Leighton; ten, and Zachary, 14, from previous relationships, as well as Rex, two, and daughter Rose, six months, with Joe. The three live together in Pickle Cottage, Essex.