A pro-Kremlin mouthpiece has erupted on Russian TV against the Government of Ukraine and the country's leader Volodymyr Zelensky. The Russian TV guest branded Zelensky a "devil" and "Satan" in a bizarre rant in which the Ukrainian leadership was dismissed as a "satanic Nazi Government." Addressing the Ukrainian President, the Russian political pundit blasted: "I condemn you Zelensky with an anathema. "You're not a jew, you're not a believer you're a pure, cheap devil. "You're the devil and your slaves are tiny devils. "You need to be chased, not negotiated with." "You've shown Russian orthodox warriors we're fighting not only Nazis but the devils "Your satanic Nazi Government is the godless enemy of Ukraine." He continued: "You're the satan! That's why your Government is satanic. "Warriors of the Russian Army do your work, brothers."  Russia has turned its heaviest firepower on Ukraine's east and south, after failing to take the capital Kyiv in the early weeks following its February 24 invasion. T "The new front is aimed at limiting Ukraine's access to the Black Sea, vital for its grain and metals exports, and linking Russian-controlled territory in the east to the Crimea Peninsula, seized by Moscow in 2014. Moscow calls its actions a "special military operation" to disarm Ukraine and rid it of anti-Russian nationalism fomented by the West. Ukraine and the West say Russia launched an unprovoked war of aggression. DON'T MISS:Xi warned of 'exceptionally high risk' Taiwan invasion plan [INSIGHT]Putin 'potentially has problem' as Russia running out of missiles [ANALYSIS]Ukraine mayor embarrasses Russia state TV in refusal to follow script [COMMENT]  More than 5 million Ukrainians have fled abroad since the start of the invasion. Ukrainian officials have warned that Russia might step up its offensive before May 9, when Moscow commemorates the Soviet Union's victory over Nazi Germany in World War Two. Ukraine said a new attempt was underway on Friday to evacuate scores of civilians trapped in a heavily bombed steelworks in the city of Mariupol after bloody fighting with Russian forces thwarted efforts to bring them to safety the previous day. Mariupol, a strategic southern port on the Azov Sea, has endured the most destructive siege of the 10-week-old war and the sprawling Soviet-era Azovstal steel plant is the last part of the city still in the hands of holdout Ukrainian fighters.