The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge joined the stars of the movie, including Tom Cruise, in Leicester Square on Thursday night. The event is taking place as a Royal Film Performance and is held in aid of The Film and TV Charity, which supports people working in the UK’s film and television sector. Kate’s gorgeous gorgeous off-the-shoulder monochrome Roland Mouret dress and sparkling diamond earrings combo also caused a flurry of excitement among royal fans, with many declaring that the Duchess looked “beautiful”. While similarly, Prince William looked smart in a co-ordinated tailored tuxedo as the pair were photographed by the press ahead of the screening. Reacting to footage of the couple arriving for the premiere, a fan page for the couple with the username @loveforcambridg wrote: "The most elegant and beautiful couple on the planet." While Kayla Adams wrote: "The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge absolute ROCKINGGGGG this matching look at the Top Gun Premiere tonight." @RoyallyBelle_ chimed in to add: "Can we all just take a moment? The hair, the makeup, the dress! STUNNING." READ MORE: 'Charging up her batteries' How Queen is still shaking off Covid @DancingInfinit1 wrote: "This is top-tier star power" while @DarkSldeoftMoon added: "HRH Duchess of Cambridge looks stunning!! Royalty meets true Hollywood royalty." Ahead of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s arrival, Tom Cruise said he and Prince William “have a lot in common”. The 59-year-old actor told the PA news agency: “We have a lot in common. We both love England, and we’re both aviators, we both love flying.” The actor also expressed his joy to be back on the red carpet. He said: "I love what I do, I've always enjoyed it and I'm enjoying it even more now. "Particularly after the last couple of years, just to have an event like this is extraordinary." DON'T MISS Prince Harry and Meghan's new TV show 'smacks of desperation' [REVEAL] Princess Beatrice to step to fore at Queen's beloved engagement [REPORT]Harry and Meghan warned against ‘overshadowing’ Queen at Jubilee [INSIGHT]  Top Gun: Maverick made its world premiere in April at CinemaCon, and will be rolled out to UK cinemas on May 27. Tom Cruise reprise the role of US naval aviator Pete Mitchell, better known by his call sign “Maverick” in the film. Maverick is being released 36 years after the original Top Gun movie.  Prince William and Kate last attended a similarly glitzy film premiere in September last year. The royal couple joined forces with Prince Charles and Camilla on the red carpet for the latest James Bond film at London’s Royal Albert Hall. Mother-of-three Kate donned a Jenny Packham dress for the premiere of 'No Time to Die'. Kate wore a dazzling gold embellished floor-length gown that featured a twisted waist, a plethora of gold sequins, a cape and extravagant shoulder detail. 