Lewis Hamilton has been ruled out of the F1 title race with almost three-quarters of Express readers claiming the seven-time champion cannot win this season. A massive 70.3 per cent of readers said Hamilton was out of the title fight in a major blow to the British star. A total of 29.7 per cent said Hamilton was not out of the picture just yet after only four races this season. Mercedes have promised a set of updates for Miami and then further changes at the Spanish Grand Prix at the end of May. However, the lack of pace has not stopped George Russell from securing a string of excellent points finishes. The Mercedes rookie has now scored four top-five finishes to leave him fourth in the drivers’ standings. Express F1 fans have certainly noticed this with 7.2 per cent claiming Russell was the best performing driver on the current grid. Meanwhile, only 3.8 per cent of respondents said Hamilton was the best performing driver this season. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton and George Russell set for boost with new upgrades Championship leader Charles Leclerc only received 25 per cent of the support with Max Verstappen topping the poll with 43 per cent. The poll also revealed F1 fans had turned their back on the chances of Mercedes securing a constructors' title this season. The Silver Arrows have won the last eight since the start of the turbo-hybrid era in 2014. However, fans selected Red Bull as the best performing team this season with 53 per cent of the vote. Just six per cent said Mercedes were the best constructor this season. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton opens up on 'lonely journey' during racing career [INSIGHT]Russell hailed for 'respecting' Hamilton and his great job at Mercedes [ANALYSIS]Max Verstappen branded 'silly' and 'frustrated with Lewis Hamilton' [COMMENT] A massive 30 per cent also selected Mclaren as the third-fastest team with just 12 per cent backing Mercedes. After the first two races, Mercedes had claimed they were the third-fastest team on the grid and had a buffer to the midfield behind. However, the Silver Arrows have dropped back into the clutches of the midfield while Mclaren has sorted out the brake issues which plagued them in Bahrain. Hamilton and Russell were both knocked out of Q2 on Friday at Imola and could not back up ground during Saturday’s sprint race. Hamilton was stuck in the midfield DRS train all afternoon and finished 13th.