Financial Journalist and founder of MoneySavingExpert.com, Martin Lewis, lashed out at Ofgem staff after they proposed changes which may limit how much consumers could save if they switch gas providers. Mr Lewis claimed the changes will protect the industry and “sell consumers down the river”. Mr Lewis admitted he said the plans were a “f***g disgrace that sells consumers down the river” in a closed door meeting with Ofgem staff. He later took to Twitter to apologise for the comments, but maintained his criticism of the plans. He said: “I'd like to formally apologise to the @ofgem staff for losing my rag in a background briefing just now and saying its changes are a ‘fucking disgrace that sells consumers down the river’. “I should've behaved better. My ire's institutional not individual, it was inappropriate.”  The changes would see price caps looked at every three months as opposed to four, something which Mr Lewis claims will hurt the consumer. Additionally, the move would see changes to Market Stabilisation Charges, which are meant to keep the energy market from becoming too volatile. In a tongue-in-cheek remark, Mr Lewis claimed the changes would protect consumers “suffering from the ill effects of cheaper prices”. Mr Lewis took to James O’Brien’s show on LBC to discuss that matter further. Mr O’Brien called him the “king canary in the coal mine of economic difficulties”. He said: “We are going to see the price cap move every three months, which is what the industry wanted. “They don’t want to be stuck on high prices - giving people artificially too cheap for too long.” “This is a price cap, if prices come down of course, energy companies could bring their prices lower than the cap, but they won’t do so. This is a form of protecting the industry.”  READ MORE: Dad cleared of murder charges after death of burglar at his home  He added: “If wholesale prices were to drop by 30 percent and if you were to switch to a new firm away from a price cap - so these aren’t people who’ve agreed to lock in, this is absolutely everybody on the market - the new firm would have to pay the old firm 75 percent of the hedging difference.” “It's no longer that it has to be 30 percent below, now it only has to be 10 percent below for this to kick into effect. It’s no longer they have to give them 75 percent of the difference, they have to give them 85 percent of the difference. “This was to protect the consumers from the effects of ‘harmful competition’ - by harmful competition, they mean cheaper prices.” Mr Lewis claimed the change would curtail any hope of cheaper deals for consumers who are able to switch if wholesale prices drop. DON'T MISS:Putin shame as soldier's messages show surprise at 'random' attack [REVEAL]Royal Family: Harry and Meghan flying to UK 'for big royal PR' [LIVE]Putin behaviour points to 'detachment' cancer side effect [ANALYSIS] 