Ukrainian quadcopter UAVs opened fire on Russian equipment and soldiers at Antonov Airfield, northwest of Kyiv. Footage captured the moment artillery rained down on dozens of V-marked vehicles which used the open area as a base. A Russian source is claimed to have criticised the first aid kits given to soldiers. They wrote on Telegram: "Te could not destroy them because there was no C-UAS EW systems to stop them so we had to shoot them. "After eliminating one enemy cell, we began to examine the bodies and looked at a set of their first aid kits that are issued. "I have already raised the topic of first aid kits, but I will still say that the higher authority needs to reconsider this moment, because you can fight without pants with knee pads, combat shirts, but a fighter is not a fighter if he does not have quality medicine and shoes." Meanwhile, Russian troops were slowly advancing towards the city centre in Sievierodonetsk, a regional governor said on Tuesday, giving an update from a pocket of Ukrainian resistance that has held back the broader Russian offensive in the eastern Donbas region. READ MORE: Joe Biden will not supply Ukraine with rockets which can hit Russia Serhiy Gaidai, the governor of the Luhansk region, told Ukrainian state television that there were some 15,000 civilians left in Sievierodonetsk, as most of the city's 120,000 people had fled the brutal bombardment by Russian artillery. Preparing for the worst, Gadai said Ukrainian troops defending Sievierodonetsk could retreat across the Siverskyi Donets river to the city of Lysychansk to escape encirclement. As the Russian offensive continued across Ukraine's eastern Donbas region, the European Union on Monday agreed to ban most imports of Russian oil, a move intended to blow a hole in the Kremlin's war finances. In the bloc's toughest sanction on Moscow since the invasion of Ukraine three months ago, European Council President Charles Michel said the ban agreed at an EU summit in Brussels on Monday would immediately cover more than two-thirds of oil imports from Russia and cut a "huge source of financing for its war machine." EU leaders said they had agreed to cut 90 percent of oil imports from Russia by the end of this year, with exemptions for Hungary - a landlocked country that relies heavily on crude piped from Russia - and others concerned about the ban's economic impact. They also agreed to cut off the largest Russian bank, Sberbank, from the SWIFT system and to ban three more Russian state-owned broadcasters, Michel added. The announcement came as Russian forces pushed into key objectives in the Donbas, where Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said the situation remained "extremely difficult". DON'T MISS Russia to cut gas from two EU nations gas in HOURS [INSIGHT]Putin has failed in his attempt to reclaim Russia’s status [ANALYSIS]EU ‘committing economic suicide’ with oil ban, Orban ally slams [VIDEO] Russia has been seeking to seize the entire Donbas, consisting of Luhansk and Donetsk which Moscow claims on behalf of separatist proxies. Capturing the twin cities of Sievierodonetsk and Lysychansk would give Moscow effective control of Luhansk and allow the Kremlin to declare some form of victory after more than three months of war. The leader of the Moscow-backed Luhansk People's Republic, Leonid Pasechnik, told TASS that a third of Sievierodonetsk was "already under our control" but progress was less rapid than hoped. The advance of Russian troops was complicated by the presence of several large chemical plants in the Sievierodonetsk area, TASS reported.