Liverpool fans unveiled a horrendous banner ahead of their European showdown with Real Madrid at the Stade de France on Saturday night. And one rival supporter called for Jurgen Klopp’s team to be hit with a “600 year Champions League ban” after pictures of the banner emerged. Liverpool fans were in high spirits on Saturday as they headed to Paris in their thousands ahead of the club’s second Champions League final in four years. And one Reds fan was so excited at the prospect of more silverware that he had commissioned a banner for the occasion. It read: “Eiffel Tower is pretty hip hop, but we're here to watch the boys and Klopp. If you climb to the top you can see the city. No not Peps boys they were knocked out by Ben Zimmy.” The banner referenced Manchester City’s semi-final defeat to Madrid as the Reds fan threw in a few rhymes. But he was lambasted at will for his efforts. “Automatic disqualification and banning from any future European competition for the next 600 years. Awful,” wrote a supporter on Twitter. READ MORE: Gary Neville fires shots at BT Sport over handling of Champions League fiasco  The flag clearly captured the imagination of Twitter users across the world as @F__JS1’s post promoting it had over 22,000 likes and 1,400 retweets by Sunday afternoon. “One of the worst banners ever that,” replied @cahilljackie, while @Tmoney023 wrote: “Must have got their friends to write it out in dots and they joined it up.” And some fans even joked the banner had cost Liverpool Champions League glory. “You lost the trophy for Liverpool,” replied @JSKane89. “This is the reason. Hope you're proud of yourselves.” And @Jall_33 wrote: “Madrid were gonna win from the minute that got made.” Meanwhile, @timhewitt1 penned: “They were actually laughing to themselves at how clever they were making that weren’t they,” as @CFiddyP joked: “It’s like reading Shakespeare.” DON'T MISS Four worst Liverpool players in Champions League defeat against Madrid Liverpool demand probe into chaotic Champions League final scenes Madrid will be 'going bananas' as Ferdinand and Owen react to VAR call     Earlier this week another flag unveiled by a Liverpool supporter was widely condemned for being offensive as Luis Diaz was pictured next to the wording: “Only Colombia's finest gets through Liverpool customs.” Fans’ excitement in France soon turned to frustration amid chaotic scenes outside the Stade de France as there were long delays getting into the ground. And some Reds supporters didn’t get to their seats until half time. Klopp’s side dominated the match for long periods but were unable to find a way past Real Madrid goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois, who was in sensational form on the night. And Madrid eventually came out on top as Vinicius Junior struck the winner just before the hour mark.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here