Meghan Markle has long been rumoured as a potential candidate for a US presidential race in the future. But tongues were set wagging again when a relative of President Joe Biden said this week that the Democratic Party would "welcome" Meghan if she ever decided to get more involved in politics. Prince Harry has had a solid friendship with the Biden family for many years, and he has appeared alongside Joe and his wife Jill Biden at previous Invictus Games events. And on the topic of Meghan potentially getting involved in US politics, Joe Biden's sister Valerie Biden Owens told Good Morning Britain this week: "It's wonderful to have women in politics. "The more women we have the better our democratic system will work... We welcome her to come in and join the Democratic Party." When asked if Meghan would make a good candidate for president one day, Ms Biden Owens added: "Yes, perhaps. Of course she will."  READ MORE: Prince William and Kate whiz to Manchester for poignant event Through their charitable entity Archewell, Harry and Meghan support causes like vaccine equity, women empowerment and veteran support initiatives like the Invictus Games. Given Meghan now resides in her home state of California again after a stint in the UK, could she ever take her ambitions further and run for US president? According to the bookmakers, it's unlikely Meghan would win the 2024 US presidential election, but a win in future elections can't be ruled out. Previous celebrity candidates have surprised at the ballot box, with Donald Trump most recently proving that an outsider can beat the odds in the race to the White House.  Alex Apati of Ladbrokes said: "It's a rumour which has circulated for some time now and is showing no signs of going away, and although the latest odds suggest a successful campaign in two years from now is incredibly unlikely, we're not completely ruling out seeing Meghan Markle as US president at some point in the near future." He added: "Lest we forget, Donald Trump was once a rank 150/1 outsider to find himself in the White House, so with that in mind, perhaps many stranger things have happened than Meghan following suit." The latest Ladbrokes odds for Meghan Markle to win the 2024 US presidential election stand at 100/1, and the odds for Meghan to win the 2032 Democratic presidential nomination are currently 66/1. The odds for Meghan to become US president by 2065 are presently ranked at 33/1.  DON'T MISS:Meghan's 'money spinner' plans for cancelled Netflix show exposed [INSIGHT[Sussexes 'asked to come' to the Jubilee so Queen could meet their kids [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan blasts 'scheming princess' Meghan Markle [VIDEO] Meghan showed an interest in global issues many years before joining the Royal Family in 2018, and she had firmly established herself as an advocate of gender equality from childhood. At the age of 11, Meghan wrote to Procter & Gamble to ask them to change the slogan for Ivory dishwashing soap from "women all over America" to "people all over America", and the change was made. She would appear at the UN Women's conference on International Women's Day 2015 and she delivered a speech on the importance of tackling gender inequality, demonstrating her confidence in the spotlight well before she was a member of the Royal Family. Since becoming a royal and subsequently stepping down as a working member of the Royal Family, Meghan has continued to devote her time in recent years to philanthropic initiatives. However, if Meghan does have political ambitions, she may find this conflicts with her royal status as members of the Royal Family tend to remain politically neutral. 