Roland Noordermeer is a cruise director on APT’s Vega. He’s currently taking guests from Amsterdam to Budapest on the Rhine, Main and Danube rivers. Roland told Express.co.uk: “I’ve been a cruise director for 22 years and I still love it as much as the first day I started. “This route is a stunning part of Europe and it’s one of our most popular river cruises.” He said: “It’s my job to oversee each guest’s holiday and ensure that everything runs like clockwork for them. “I like to start my day early so that I can ensure everything is in place before our guests arrive. READ MORE: easyJet Manchester passenger stuck on plane for hours - ‘traumatised' “I prepare for the day’s activities, making sure that the details of our excursions are available for everyone to see at the ship’s reception area.” Roland said his favourite tour is the German home hosting excursion in Miltenburg where guests enjoy coffee and cake with locals and get a sense of local life. He said: “If someone is celebrating a birthday, I will organise a cake to make their evening even more special. “Then I head off to my desk where I can answer any more detailed questions that our guests may have about the following day’s sightseeing. “My favourite evening onboard our new Travelmarvel ships is a festive night of traditional Bavarian food and folk music that is guaranteed to get our guests onto the dance floor. “After throwing a few moves and leaving the party in full swing, I head back down to my desk to tie up any loose ends.” Roland said he would always recommend that cruise passengers pack a backpack if they’re heading off on excursions. He said: “One of the greatest things about river cruising is that it’s so easy to get ashore and explore, and we dock right in the heart of some of Europe’s most exciting cities. “We find that guests do a lot of sightseeing, both on our included tours and independently. “Packing a comfy and practical bag allows guests to take all their essentials with them while they’re out and about, and to fill them with amazing local souvenirs to take home. “We’re always eager to encourage our guests to say no to single use plastics, so having a backpack with them means that guests don’t need to take a carrier bag from shops if a spontaneous purchase takes their fancy.” But being a cruise director is a busy role and Roland’s job isn’t without challenges to navigate. He said: “There are a lot of moving parts to keep across. The goal is to ensure that everything is totally seamless for the guests and that they aren’t even aware of logistical changes behind the scenes. “Because of things like tides and locks, the timings and locations of dockings sometimes have to be managed, so day-to-day, I juggle schedules with the Captain to make sure the guest experience is totally smooth. “It’s a busy job and you have to stay on your toes, but I love it so much. Seeing our guests leave happy after an incredible holiday is the greatest feeling.”