Official EastEnders spoilers confirm Rocky (played by Brian Conley) will try to go above and beyond to impress at the jubilee celebrations. As Kathy (Gillian Taylforth) tries to support him, could he get the wrong idea and assume she is ready to get back together with him? In typical Rocky fashion, he might use the occasion to make a grand gesture and propose to Kathy, but if she turns him down, he will be devastated as Sonia is also set to avoid him on the day. According to BBC spoilers, the jubilee celebrations lead many of the Square's residents to try to move forward. Linda Carter (Kellie Bright) is tempted to give into her alcoholism and buy a bottle of wine. However, after some words from Rainie Highway (Tanya Franks), changes her mind and gets her to focus to planning the Square’s celebrations. Of course, this frustrates Janine Butcher (Charlie Brooks), who's keen to see Linda slip up. Mick Carter (Danny Dyer) is thrilled to see Linda hosting a planning meeting. READ MORE: BBC star in bias row after false claim over death of cleaner Feeling positive, Linda wants to use her new cash to expand The Vic’s business but she is deflated when Mick implies he can’t trust her. Rocky is deflated when Sonia (Natalie Cassidy) continues to give him the cold shoulder despite his efforts in helping with the festivities. The residents throw themselves into the celebrations though, with most of the Square involved. Over at The Prince Albert, Mick shares some words for his late aunt, Tina Carter (Luisa Bradshaw-White) before the talent competition begins. Kathy is distracted however as Ben Mitchell's (ax Bowden) situation plays on her mind and she talks to Jay Brown (Jamie Borthwick) about it. Meanwhile, Rocky is disappointed when his judges, including Sonia, fail to show up. Seeing how upset he is, Kathy pleads with Sonia to come over. With Kathy determined to help Rocky, it's possible he will get the wrong idea. He's made it clear he is still romantically interested in her and has been suggesting they get back together. However, Kathy is preoccupied with her family, especially her son, Ben. DON'T MISS... 'He's awful!' Question of Sport fans slam captain's sports knowledge [REACTION]Angela Levin blasts Meghan for Texas shooting memorial visit [VIDEO]Emmerdale fans 'work out' Noah Dingle's tragic exit from soap [THEORY]  Rocky is often oblivious to what's going on though, and if he notices Kathy trying to help, he may read too much into her act of kindness. Swept up in the celebration, Rocky could propose to Kathy, assuming she is ready to get back together with him. It's likely she would reject his big question though, leaving him heartbroken. With Sonia also giving him the cold shoulder, Rocky could face a double blow. Kathy had been happy with Rocky until she realised his true identity. Ever since, he has been trying to get back into her good books, but Peter Beale (Dayle Hudson) is usually there to remind her what he did. Recently, Rocky promised to pull out all the stops for the jubilee party. "Are you all right?" Rocky asked Kathy as he noticed she was upset over Ben. "No, not really, but I don't want to talk about it here," she replied. Rocky explained: "I've been on the blower to a mate of mine, he used to run the blackjack tables on the cruise ships. "Turns out he has seen my posts, he gave me a bell to tell me his daughter is best friends with a girl whose mum runs the Red Cross Shop in Barking. Can you see where I'm going here?" He added the shop would be getting a royal visit, and he believed he could get the Queen to arrive at Walford's celebrations. "The stars are aligned and I am being drawn into the royal orbit," he added. He tried to get Sonia involved but she wasn't too interested in speaking to him, leaving him more determined than ever to secure a royal visit. After making such an effort with the party, and potentially being rejected by both Sonia and Kathy, Rocky is likely to be devastated. Will he be able to recover from the double heartache? EastEnders continues on Monday at 7.30pm on BBC One.