Victoria Beckham isn't keen on switching up her meals as her husband David Beckham has revealed that the former Spice Girls singer has eaten the same thing for the past 25 years. David made the comment when he touched on his love for food and wine earlier this year. "When I'm eating something great, I want everyone to try it," the 46-year-old expressed. But if there's one person who doesn't like taking part in trying new things when it comes to their food, it would be Victoria. The father-of-four continued stressing that his wife has eaten the same meal since he first met her in the 1990s, and it appears rather challenging for David to get Victoria to try something new. "Unfortunately, I'm married to someone that has eaten the same thing for the last 25 years," he continued, during his candid chat on the River Cafe Table 4 podcast. READ MORE: Bridget Fonda, 58, seen in public for first time in 12 years after quitting acting career "Since I met her she only eats grilled fish, steamed vegetables, she will very rarely deviate from that." During the interview, David recollected a rare occasion where Victoria wasn't eating her regular meal. When the fashion designer was pregnant with their 10-year-old daughter Harper, she was said to have indulged off David's plate. The Londoner described it as "the most amazing thing". "The only time she's probably ever shared something that's been on my plate was actually when she was pregnant with Harper and it was the most amazing thing," the former Real Madrid footballer said. "I can't remember what it was but I know she's not eaten it since." Meanwhile, Victoria's eldest son Brooklyn Beckham tied the knot with his wife currently Nicola Peltz in a star-studded wedding held last month. The couple's big day saw the likes of Serena Williams, Eva Longoria and Gordon Ramsay in attendance for their nuptials. DON'T MISS... Hairy Bikers star Dave Myers undergoes chemotherapy amid illness[LATEST]Hairy Biker's Dave Myers flooded with support amid cancer battle[SUPPORT]Britney Spears, 40, sparks frenzy as she goes completely NAKED[PICTURES] The couple have been keeping a low profile since their $3.5million wedding in Palm Beach, but Brooklyn and Nicola made an appearance at the Met Gala earlier this week. The newlyweds spoke to Vogue about getting ready for The Met and admitted tearing up once inside after hearing Kacey Musgrave perform a cover of Elvis Presley's Can't Help Falling in Love. "Brooklyn and I were tearing up, of course," Nicola told the publication. "It was so beautiful," she added.  Brooklyn also revealed why he chose a very different style of suit for fashion's biggest night out. "Usually, I just go very simple and wear black suits, but this year, I wanted to add a little bit more," he said of his cream suit. The couple of have taken to Instagram and shared glimpses of their big day on the social media platform. Meanwhile, Victoria, who designed Nicola's engagement dress and famously helped put together her BFF Eva Longoria's wedding dress back in 2016, was "fully supportive" of Nicola's decision to wear Valentino on her wedding day. 