Caroline Quentin, 61 has expressed upset at the fact that she wasn’t asked to return to Netflix's hit series, Bridgerton. Caroline portrayed Lady Berbrooke on the first season of the show. Lady Berbrooke was the mother of Nigel Berbrooke, who tried to push himself as Daphne’s (Phoebe Dynevor) suitor, to her disinterest. Caroline was asked in a recent interview whether or not she would be interested in returning to the show. “I was! I had one and a half scenes or something. “So disappointed they never asked me back,” she lamented. READ MORE: David Birney dead: Bridget Loves Bernie star dies aged 83 When asked if she would reprise her role if producers called on her, she replied: “Of course I would! “They’re the best frocks you’ve ever seen! It was a really fun day actually, I had such fun on it.” She continued, explaining that she is unsure how the recent show was filmed as she has “literally popped in and popped out.” Speaking still to Metro.co.uk, the star said despite the hard work, it was a “glorious day” of filming and she had “such a laugh". She added that it was largely due to the stellar storytelling and the anticipation for the plot to unfold. “I loved it, it was great. “So yes, I really do, I want to go back,” The Lazarus Project star added. She then looked at the camera and stated: “Invite me back!” DON'T MISS... Janette Manrara's injury fear addressed after hospital dash[LATEST]Lily James puts on jaw-dropping display in see-through Met Gala gown[PICTURES]Vanessa Hudgens risks wardrobe malfunction at Met Gala 2022[RED CARPET] Caroline added that, as Bridgerton is expected to have up to eight seasons, there must be room for Lady Berbrooke to be brought back. “Oh there must be room for another cake eating scene. “There must be!” she exclaimed. It was recently announced that season three of Bridgerton will focus on the love story of Penelope Featherington (Nicola Coughlan) and Colin Bridgerton (Luke Newton). This marks a change from the original source material, considering the third book in Julia Quinn’s series is about Benedict Bridgerton (Luke Thompson). Discussing the progression of Penelope’s romance with Colin, Nicola revealed she was preparing for the raunchy sex scenes. When asked if she felt ready to film the saucy scenes, she joked: “I’m gonna have to be. “I’ve known for two weeks into filming season two, so I had a lot of time to adjust to it,” she said, saying that she was “scared” to talk about the news.