Tyson Fury has reiterated his retirement from boxing is legitimate, but revealed his training schedule is still ongoing. Fury announced prior to his fight with Dillian Whyte that it would be his last as a professional, and stuck to that stance following his victory over the Body Snatcher last month. After the bout at Wembley Fury confirmed on Piers Morgan: Uncensored: “This is the truth, the gospel truth, nothing but the truth – I’m done… Every good dog has its day. Like a great Roman leader said, there will always be somebody else to fight… “Boxing’s a very dangerous sport, you can be taken out with one punch as we’ve seen on Saturday night, and it only takes one unlucky blow and you may not get up off that canvas. I’m quitting while I’m ahead. I’m undefeated, only the second man in history to retire undefeated heavyweight champion.” The Gypsy King gave another update on his future on Twitter on Friday morning, sharing his commitment to retirement despite confirming that he is still continuing his gruelling training schedule. Fury said: “Just finished a lovely four-mile run along the promenade, got a great sweat on. DON'T MISS: Anthony Joshua reveals plan for Oleksandr Usyk rematch as he says 'boxing isn't my style' “I’m very, very happy and intended to be retired. It has been a long time coming, I am so much enjoying my retirement.” Despite his words a number of his fans and followers were less than convinced with the Gypsy King’s claim, and pleaded with him to continue his dominance on the heavyweight division. One Twitter user - @AdeDetain - responded to the video and highlighted the fact that Fury was ‘shaking his head side to side’, insinuating that his comments were not true. The tweet read: “Bro is shaking his head side to side (no) when he saying he is retiring not even his body language believes him a couple more fight please king pleaseeeee.” READ MORETyson Fury explains stance on fighting Oleksandr Usyk after retirement announcementTyson Fury 'stringing public along' as Anthony Joshua camp boss reacts to retirement claimAnthony Joshua to be denied 'big advantage' by Oleksandr Usyk as UK fight looking unlikely This thought was shared by another fan - @BOXNEXT_UK - who added: “Tyson! You see the way you shake your head when you say you're 'enjoying your retirement'. I know what you're really feeling when you said that. We look forward to seeing you back in the ring mate.” A concrete decision on Fury's future is expected in the coming days, with the Gypsy King expected to meet with bosses of the WBC. This comes as the 33-year-old is still yet to alert the governing body on his plans, and is yet to vacate is WBC heavyweight world title belt.