Josh Herdman will be one of 12 celebrities taking part in ITV's newest game show The Games. The reality show is going to put famous faces to the test with a number of difficult sporting challenges to find out who will be the one to come out on top. Hosted by This Morning star Holly Willoughby, The Games is going to air every night this week at 9pm, kicking off on Monday, May 9. Josh Herdman will be among the celebrity contestants putting their fitness to the ultimate test with The Games. They will all go head-to-head in various Olympic-style events that are going to show off their strength, speed, agility and stamina. Each of them has gone through rigorous training over the past few weeks in a bid to prepare themselves for the challenges ahead. But who will thrive during the live shows and who will crumble under the pressure of the competition? READ MORE: 'Disgusted' BBC Breakfast sparks uproar over Russian news coverage Josh Herdman shot to fame when he was a youngster as none other than Gregory Goyle in the Harry Potter franchise. He was one of two "henchmen" who followed the orders of nasty Slytherin Draco Malfoy (played by Tom Felton) throughout the book and film series. Herdman, now 35 years old, was most often seen starring alongside fellow young actor Jamie Waylett who was Vincent Crabbe. The first movie, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone, originally soared onto the big screen more than two decades ago, in November 2001. Actor Herdman was just 14-years-old when he appeared in the original magical film as Goyle. He went on to star in all eight movies before Harry Potter finally came to an end in 2011. Herdman is now about to take on his next biggest challenge in the form of The Games. While this is bound to be a difficult week for the actor, since leaving the franchise, Herdman has pursued a far more physically demanding career. DON'T MISS...'White working class lads don't get a look in' GB News guest slams BBC [REACTION]The Games cast: Which celebrities are in the ITV sports show?  [CAST]Holly Willoughby faces backlash as she misses This Morning again [EXPLAINER] Herdman had spent five years training in jiu-jitsu in preparation to become an MMA fighter. He impressed onlookers by going on to compete and win his first MMA fight in 2016, beating Janusz Walachowski. In a statement at the time, Herdman said: "I chose MMA because I love the sport. It’s raw, exciting and unpredictable. "I find it more interesting than boxing although I appreciate the beauty and art in boxing." But this hasn't put a stop to his acting career altogether as Herdman has still been taking on roles. He has been in Wizards vs Aliens, Common People, Marcella, White House Farm and Alex Rider. Herdman will also be in an upcoming movie called Giantland which is now in post-production. The Games will begin on Monday, May 9, at 9pm on ITV.