Lewis Hamilton was meant to have minor surgery to remove a nose piercing at the centre of an FIA jewellery war but has since reneged, Ted Kravitz claimed after the Miami Grand Prix. Race director Niels Wittich has taken a stronger stance on accessories than predecessor Michael Masi, giving Hamilton a two-race notice to take out a welded nose piercing. "The wearing of jewellery in the form of body piercing or metal neck chains is prohibited during the competition and may therefore be checked before the start,” FIA rules state. The governing body claims it is for safety reasons. But that position was placed under scrutiny in Miami as both Esteban Ocon and Carlos Sainz suffered injuries on Turn 13, where drivers had already warned a Tecpro barrier needed to be raised in front of a concrete wall. Hamilton is embroiled in a petty spat with the FIA over his piercings. Sky Sports pundit Kravitz has now claimed that the seven-time world champion was initially scheduled to have minor surgery to get the accessory removed, but will now stay firm that he will continue to race with the piercing. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton causes stir in hot pink outfit at Miami Grand Prix Pit-lane reporter Kravitz, though, wonders whether Hamilton will win the argument. He said on Sky Sports: “He’s taken his earrings out but he can’t take out his nose ring. We thought he was going to have minor surgery to take out the nose rings because the FIA have decided to get tough, but have not decided to get tough on putting Tecpro barriers out on the other side of the circuit that destroyed the Alpine of Ocon and wrecked Sainz’s Ferrari and gave him a headache. “They’re seemingly not interested in Tecpro barriers but want to get involved in pants and piercings. Hamilton is now saying, having been given two races’ grace - here and in Barcelona - that he will not take out his nose ring. He doesn’t want to. He doesn’t think it’s something the FIA should be doing. “The war between Hamilton and the FIA continues. Is he going to rack up fines by the time we get to Monaco and he hasn’t taken it out? The hole has closed up, it’s not as easy as him just being able to take it out like he can with earrings. DON'T MISS...Martin Brundle interviews wrong person in F1 Miami GP grid walk gaffePiers Morgan's brutal swipe at David Beckham as he attends Grand PrixJeremy Clarkson unleashes fury over James Corden at Grand Prix “There is a little storm brewing still. Hamilton has said, ‘look, they can fine me whatever they want’. But it is not as simple as that. If the FIA can scrutineer a driver, which it looks like they can do, the FIA could stop Lewis going out onto the pit line for Friday practice because he’s not been scrutineered in the same way a car is. This could get nasty in a couple of races’ time.” Hamilton had previously joked that parts of his body would need to be chopped off as some studs are welded into his skin. But the Mercedes star - who finished sixth in Miami - took a stronger stance prior to Sunday’s Grand Prix. He accused the FIA of taking a “step backwards” after good work done to improve Formula One’s reputation. He added: “It seems unnecessary to get into this spat. I think we've made such great strides for the sport... and this is such a small thing.”