British golf star Rory McIlroy made a light and heartfelt joke to his young daughter while showing off a mural of himself ahead of the PGA Championship. The 33-year-old enjoyed a stellar opening round in the second major of the year to assume the lead after the first day. McIlroy, a four-time major champion, claimed the PGA Championship in 2012 and 2014, as well as the US Open in 2011. He added The Open Championship in 2014 - and the Northern Irishman has waited eight years to add to his collection. The touching moment of McIlroy and his daughter was posted to social media. Gary VanSickle took to Twitter to disclose this information, adding: “Sweet and hilarious.” Golf Digest posted the image on Twitter with the caption ‘All about perspective’, along with an image of McIlroy holding his daughter and looking at a mural of himself. The Northern Irishman showed his press centre mural to his daughter and said: “That’s when Daddy was good.” READ MORE: Rory McIlroy ‘doing just fine’ and offered PGA Championship advice The moment potentially inspired McIlroy to his finest opening round in recent memory. He got his bid to end the vaunted eight-year major drought off to a fantastic start to assume the lead of the US PGA Championship. McIlroy closed with a birdie - his seventh of the opening round - to register a sensational five-under score of 65 and take a one-shot lead into the clubhouse. American duo Will Zalatoris and Tom Hoge are one shot behind after the opening round. “Overall, it was a great day,” said McIlroy. “Great to get off to a great start at a major championship for a change. DON'T MISSDustin Johnson: Net worth as he eyes third major at PGA ChampionshipPhil Mickelson Saudi golf fallout as he misses PGA ChampionshipPhil Mickelson reputation ruined after historic PGA Championship win “I came in here knowing my game is in good shape so it is a matter of executing the shots you know you can - I need to replicate that tomorrow, Saturday and Sunday and not get ahead of myself. It's a great start.” After a slow start, McIlroy warmed up as he played alongside Tiger Woods and Jordan Spieth around Southern Hills Championship Course in Oklahoma. Woods signed for a four-over 74 while Spieth finished with a two-over 72.