In the past, the critically acclaimed Broadway performer has given a glimpse into her daily routine and some of the things she uses to look after her health, which included working with a trainer at least three times a week and eating a varied “pretty clean” diet. Although she confessed to skipping breakfast, the actress also said that mainly stays out of the sun, which may have contributed to her wrinkle-free complexion. Answering a question on how she starts her day, Peters said: “I have one cup of coffee a day and I have three slices of grapefruit — three little smiles of grapefruit. “Sometimes I have a little bit of oatmeal. And then I have some hemp powder. I put that in my tea, actually. I don’t eat a big breakfast. Because then I’ll go down to the gym. I like to run. I do intervals. I work with a trainer three times a week.” Such a restricted diet requires motivation and discipline, something that Peters seems to have in abundance. Explaining what she likes to eat and how she manages to avoid unhealthy foods she went on to say: “I eat a lot of sashimi, especially when I’m in a show. My diet is pretty clean. Just protein, vegetables, and salad — basically that’s what I try to stick with. “My family’s Italian, so at Christmastime, there’s always manicotti, eggplant Parmesan, and things I would never eat [normally]. Sunday meals - a gathering of family and that’s a lovely thing. So I understand all that, and I love tomato sauce, but I just try to stay away from it. If I really want that I’ll scramble egg whites and put tomato sauce on it and then put some cheese on it.  READ MORE: Stroke: Sufferer details his first symptoms - ‘I briefly lost the use of my arm’  Monitoring her diet as much as she does, Peters also tries to exercise regularly, something that is hugely recommended by the NHS, especially when individuals age. However, unlike her diet, the actress admitted that some days she finds exercising more difficult than others. “You really should exercise every day; sometimes I do it and sometimes I don’t, but I always feel better after I do it,” Peters said. “And I’m trying to get into the habit of meditating every day also. So maybe it’s consistency. “As a little girl I took dance. And then I really started seriously exercising, during Sunday in the Park With George. So it’s been quite a number of years. And it’s kept me in good stead. “Pilates is great. Gyrotonics is really wonderful, because that really is so healthy for your body, for your joints, because it’s circular. But I haven’t really been doing that too much [lately]. I’ve really been doing cardio, running intervals, and weight lifting.”  Johns Hopkins Medicine is just one health body that recommends older adults exercise often. It explains that staying active in older age can help to “lower your risk” of numerous health conditions including the following: It also helps your muscles grow stronger so you can keep doing your day-to-day activities without becoming dependent on others. It is due to this that adults aged 65 and over are advised to get at least 150 minutes of moderate intensity activity a week. This can include a brisk walk. Or 75 minutes a week of vigorous-intensity activity such as hiking, jogging, or running. Sticking to a healthy diet can also contribute to ageing well. Importantly, healthy eating doesn’t have to be about dieting and sacrifice. Rather, it should be all about enjoying fresh, tasty food, wholesome ingredients. For this reason, older adults should ensure that they are eating plenty of fruits and vegetables, drinking plenty of water, eating good sources of calcium and varying their sources of protein. A highly recommended diet is the Mediterranean diet, which is heavily focused on fish, fruits, vegetables, beans and whole grains.  Along with exercise and a healthy diet, when appearing on an episode of the Today show, the 74-year-old was complimented for “how young she looks”, which she put down to “not caring for the sun too much”. Although exposure to the sun is important for individuals to get their daily dose of vitamin D, which, in turn, helps calcium absorption for stronger and healthier bones, unprotected exposure of ultraviolet rays (UV) can cause damage to the skin, eyes and immune system. In fact, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) lists sunburn as one of the “surprising” factors that could raise blood sugar levels, putting those with diabetes at risk. On this, Ksenia Sobchak, Dermatologist at Loxa Beauty said: “Sunburn can lead to dehydration as you sweat more which increases blood sugar levels as the kidneys hold more water while the liver secretes more glucose or sugars, inhibiting insulin sensitivity.” 