The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee kicks off next week, with a four-day extended bank holiday from Thursday to Sunday (June 2-5) packed with events and activities across the UK. A whopping 2,429 public events and 2,579 parties or private events have been planned across Britain so far, according to the official Jubilee webpage, with Britons turning out to celebrate Her Majesty’s 70-year reign. However, forecasters have put a dampener on the festivities by warning that the four-day weekend could be a washout, although temperatures could rise as high as 20C. Robert Richards, meteorologist for AccuWeather, told Express.co.uk: “The chance for showers will remain across much of the UK on Monday and Tuesday. Highs across the UK will be between 10-18C with the warmest temperatures expected across England and southern Wales. “Then, it will become more unsettled by later next week for the Platinum Jubilee Bank Holiday. A storm could bring scattered thundery showers at times to the UK. It will also get warmer with temperatures being around 20C in London on Thursday and Friday of next week.” Jim Dale, senior meteorologist at British Weather Services, told Express.co.uk that there was “potential” for thunderstorms due to an “unstable airstream” over the UK.  He said: “There is a threat here that some of the activity during that weekend will be in the form of downpours. “Given the warmth in the south and the coolness in the north…with that mix, the showers come along. And in that unstable air stream, they could well be heavy, thundery type stuff.” He urged those planning special events or partygoers to be aware of the changeable conditions and ensure they’re prepared for possible downpours. However, Britons hoping for some sunshine to round off the weekend may be in luck, with forecasters predicting conditions may be set to improve on Sunday. READ MORE: Sunshine hopes fade as thunderstorms to STILL batter the country Mr Dale said the final day of the long bank holiday looked more pleasant than the rest, with possible sunny spells and highs of up to 21C. He said: “The first two days - Thursday and Friday - look as if they've got showers within them, at the moment anyway. And some of those could be thundery.” “I think when we get to Saturday might be becoming a bit fewer and further between and perhaps a bit less intense. And at the moment Sunday certainly looks the better day.” He added: “Sunday appears to be the best day at the moment, but that's the furthest one away. DON'T MISS:BBC Weather:cool breezy winds to bring down mercury across the UK [LATEST]Royal Family LIVE: Harry could break 'promise' to Queen [LIVE]Energy bills: Will all pensioners get £300? [INSIGHT]  “We're still seeing 20-21s in the south which might convert to 22-23 by the time we get there. But it's a long way off.” London will be the centre of next week’s Jubilee celebrations, with the Trooping the Colour kicking off festivities on Thursday. A special service of thanksgiving for the Queen’s reign will be held at St Paul’s Cathedral the following day before some of the world’s most famous entertainers will perform at the Platinum Party at the Palace on Saturday. A jubilee pageant and street parties are also planned across the UK to celebrate the Monarch’s reign, while beacons will be lit at Buckingham Palace as well as the Channel Islands, Isle of Man and UK Overseas Territories to mark the Jubilee. 