The former taxi driver reached 15 points on his driving licence. He also lost his appeal to get his driving ban overturned. Jabber Choudhry, 51, appealed to get his driving ban overturned after he drove 6mph over the 30mph speed limit in London Road, Derby. Derbyshire Live reported that the motorist pleaded to the Derby Crown Court by saying that he never received any letters informing him that he was being prosecuted for speeding. During the hearing, the 51-year-old claimed that he only realised something was wrong when he received a letter from Derby City Council telling him his cab badge was being taken from him. Abigail Hill, prosecuting the appeal asked the defendant: "There is no dispute that the letter was sent by the prosecution, just you did not receive them?" To which Choudhry replied “yes”. READ MORE: Elderly drivers adapt quicker to EVs than younger motorists Mrs Hill then questioned the defendant as to whether anyone else had problems with the post at his address. The motorist once again replied by saying “yes”. The prosecutor kept questioning: "Your entire household has had problems with the post?" Choudhry said: "Yes." Mrs Hill asked: "Have you contacted the Royal Mail?" DON'T MISSDrivers warned to activate anti-theft tracker [WARNING] Terminally ill man who ‘mooned’ speed camera arrested by police [SHOCKING] Single 20mph speed camera catches 1,100 drivers [REVEAL] Choudhry replied: "No." She said: "So for the past two years you have done nothing to address the problem with the post at all?" The defendant replied: "No." The court also heard that a car registered to Choudhry was caught by a speed camera in Derby at 2.31pm on August 11, 2020. The vehicle was travelling at 36mph in a 30mph zone. Derbyshire Live reported that Mrs Hill said a letter of intended prosecution was sent to the defendant's address in Rosehill Street, Normanton, three days later and a follow-up letter was sent on September 4. However, there was no response from the defendant. A court letter was later sent informing Choudhry of a court date. On that date, the defendant was found guilty in his absence of a charge of failing to provide details of a driver alleged to be guilty of a motoring offence. The court fined Choudhry £660 and ordered him to pay £110 costs and a £66 victim surcharge. The offence also resulted in the defendant accumulating 15 points on his driving licence. This meant that the court had to disqualify him from driving for six months. Choudhry, defending himself, said he now works delivering food for a takeaway. Judge Jonathan Bennett, dismissing the appeal, said: "You told us rather vaguely in evidence there was some problem with the post and then remarkably you have never told the Royal Mail about this. "What you have told us is that you have lost your taxi badge and it is going to be a while before you can get that back. “You told us, to your credit, you got other work in a takeaway and then you had to give that up because your mother died. "You went back to Pakistan, then returned, and you are now driving 15 hours a week. The disqualification remains in place, you must not drive for six months."