The victim had been involved in a brawl on Ballards Lane, North Finchley at around 4am this morning (May 27). The emergency services were called at around 4.05am, but the man was declared dead at the scene.  A murder investigation is now underway, reports My London. Metropolitan Police have cordoned off the one-way system in High Road, at the junction of Kingsway and Woodhouse Road to respond to the incident. The man has not yet been identified and no arrests have been made but the investigation continues. Speaking near the scene, one shop worker said: "I feel a bit scared and obviously awful. I personally didn't want to go outside. "I know this area well, it's frightening to think this could happen. I'm on my own in the shop and it makes me feel a bit scared. It makes feel you down." The owner of Amores Oriental Mart, the first shop outside of the cordon, shared their experience of this morning: "When I showed up, I thought the store would be closed but then they moved the cordon to the other side to let people cross the road. "All I know is that it’s a murder, a group of guys fighting. The road is going to be closed all day apparently. "I’ve only been here a year, but I’ve never seen anything like this." One local resident, an elderly woman named Maria, added: "This is horrible, I live up the street and my husband said there'd been a murder. I've been here six years and I've not seen anything like this, never. "Worst we've had is a woman hit on her bike as far as I know. There are lots of nice shops and cafes around here, it's really quite shocking."  Addressing the fight, the Metropolitan Police confirmed in a statement: "Police were called at 4.05am on Friday, May 27, to reports of a fight in Ballards Lane, North Finchley. "Officers attended along with London Ambulance Service. A man was found with a neck injury and died at the scene. Officers are in the process of identifying the man. "Enquiries are ongoing and a crime scene remains in place. The death is being treated as suspicious and detectives from the Met's Specialist Crime Command are leading the investigation. No arrests have been made. "Anyone with information about the incident is asked to call 101 quoting CAD 879/27May. "To remain anonymous contact the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."