Eddie Howe is set to speak with his Newcastle squad today to prevent a potential fall-out over comments made by Allan Saint-Maximin during an interview with SoFoot. It could be perceived that the Frenchman, who has now moved to clarify his comments, was taking aim at the club's forwards and their inability to finish some of the chances that he creates, sparking unwanted tensions behind the scenes in the Magpies' dressing room. Saint-Maximin was quoted saying in reference to his belief that he would be registering comparable numbers to Sadio Mane if his teammates could finish their chances: “Those who have played with me know very well that in terms of pure quality, I have nothing to envy to Sadio Mane. “The day when I have a player capable of finishing the actions, I will make seasons with 10-15 assists, and I will change dimension in the people’s heads.” The jet-heeled forward has now taken the chance to address Newcastle supporters on Twitter, explaining: "The interview I did with Sofoot has been taken out of context and shortened on Twitter. I never said anything negative about my teammates, I simply said as any Newcastle fan would that I was looking forward to having an even better team so that we could progress collectively and that as a result, I could also progress individually." Howe is now planning to speak to his Newcastle players, some of which have taken offence to the comments, in a bid to smooth over the issue. READ MORE: Napoli star Victor Osimhen 'chooses' between Arsenal and Manchester United transfer Having knocked on his manager's office door, Saint-Maximin is said to have claimed there has been a misinterpretation during the interview when explaining his choice of words. The pair have already held talks over the comments, as revealed by Howe: You'll probably need to ask him what he meant, but I don't think it was a criticism of his teammates. "I accepted and was happy with his explanation. In no way did he mean to damage the unity we've built. We’ll be speaking to the squad to make sure there's no fall out." Saint-Maximin has recorded his best-ever goalscoring season since arriving at Newcastle, netting five times in the Premier League this season. DON'T MISSNapoli star Victor Osimhen 'chooses' between Arsenal and Manchester United transferLiverpool ace Mohamed Salah details meaning behind Real Madrid tweet - 'It's revenge time'Seven players watched by Manchester United scouts since March ahead of transfer shake-up He also has four assists to his name but the former Nice man will need to up his game if Newcastle are to fulfil aspirations of playing Champions League football once again in the near future. Given there will be cash to spend, Newcastle are expected to continue revamping their squad and attack as part of their pursuit of glory under their new Saudi-backed owners. The electric winger has already made it clear he wants to stay on Tyneside for the foreseeable future, despite surprise links to Aston Villa. “The Newcastle fans are really important for me with the love they give,” Saint-Maximin told Sky Sports last month. “I’m so proud to be at this club and to be here.  “I want to give back to Newcastle, to the fans and to the people who really like me here. “I want to stay here for a long time. It is a nice way for me to give back to the fans. “We have a great manager and great owner. We all want the same things, the best things for Newcastle and we want to stay in the league. “We just need to keep going and if we keep winning games we know we’re going to be safe for sure.”