Feel like your relationship is in a rut? Or perhaps you’re unsure whether you’re truly compatible with your other half? Express.co.uk spoke to Dimple Thakrar, one of the World's Leading Executive Alignment Coaches, best selling author and relationship expert about the five love languages and how they can be used to “improve a relationship or marriage” and ultimately, “feel the love as partners”. Dimple started: “There are five different love languages used to communicate and how we express affection. 1. Words of Affirmation “For those with Words of Affirmation as their love language they value verbal acknowledgements such as ‘I love yous' or compliments,” the expert said. “This is their valued method of communication.” 2. Quality Time “For the love language of quality time, the best way to communicate with loving impact is offering undivided attention without outside distraction such as mobile phones, TV etc,” Dimple explained. “Just being together is really valued for those that communicate in this language.” 3. Acts of Service “Acts of service is for those that believe actions speak louder than words,” she continued. “Small gestures such as a cup of tea or tidying the house which can seem a small gesture is a valued and cherished way of showing love for those that communicate in this language.” 4. Gifts “Gifts are more of a symbolic, visual symbol of love,” Dimple said. “These are not necessarily of high monetary value just the gesture of giving is what really resonates with those that fall into this category.” 5. Physical Touch “For those that have physical touch as their love language its signs of affection that really resonate and land with them the most,” the expert commented. “Affection is really important to them, hand holding, cuddling etc. The warmth and closeness of their significant other is what appeals and connects with them the most.” READ MORE: Queen’s favourite sandwich she's had ‘for every afternoon tea’ Dimple went on to say: “Most people have a primary and secondary love language of the five. “People can use love languages to improve their relationships or marriage, it's important to understand not only what their own is but understand what their partner's love language is. “We can often give love in our language and expect to receive in our language however this does not work. “If you can know what your partner's love language is and give them love in their love language that is the recipe for a successful marriage or relationship.” Dimple stated: “There is no evidence to suggest that certain love languages are more likely to divorce than others. “However in my experience both professionally and personally what I have found is that if you have a different love language to your partner you could continually give love in your language and it might not land for them and vice versa. DON'T MISS...Weight loss: Caffeine can ‘make it easier to lose weight’ [EXPERT]Prince Harry ‘better suited to take over monarchy’ compared to William [CLAIM]Paint expert shares number one colour to avoid painting your walls [EXCLUSIVE] “For example, going back two decades ago when I wasn't aware of the love languages I experienced problems in my own marriage. “My husband's love language is Acts of service and mine is physical touch and time. “We would spend the weekend with him doing jobs all around the house in his mind showing how much he cared for me and I would spend the weekend frustrated, sat on the couch waiting for him to finish and come and sit with me, cuddle and spend time together. “He would ask me to do odd jobs like bank cheques for example and I would say no, you have a PA that can do that. “He was asking me to do an act of service and I kept bouncing it back to him. “We kept misunderstanding each other's love languages so we did not feel the love as partners. “It is easier for couples that both have the same love language, for example if you are both physical touch you are both more likely to prioritise that,” she continued. “This means that you are more likely to have a successful relationship. “You can of course still have successful relationships if you have different love languages you just need to be aware of each other and understand it. “For example if my husband asks me to do an act of service I make sure that I prioritise that and he knows to cuddle me on a regular basis. “We understand each other's language which is so important for a loving partnership.” Dimple added: “If you don't understand each other's language it's very difficult to make things work. “If you want to buy something in the shop in America you can't pay in rupees, the exchange isn't going to work. “The love that you give if it's not in their love language isn't going to land with them. “Understand their language and give love in their language. “When my husband offers acts of service in his language I recognise that, even though it's not my language I recognise it's his way. “He makes the effort for physical touch and when he does I always take the time to say thank you, it's an acknowledgement and that's all any of us ever want.” Dimple Thakrar is one of the World's Leading Executive Alignment Coaches, best selling author & relationship expert. With extensive therapeutic experience within the NHS, working with individuals with life shortening illness, and an impressive list of qualifications in health, wellbeing and psychotherapy, Dimple brings empathy, energy and excitement to every project, with the mission to quantum leap progress for her own family and others to be the best they can be. Committed to bringing resolution to troubled couples, Dimple draws on her own experience of overcoming marital difficulties and life traumas to bring peace to the family units of her international clients. Having been married to her husband since 1995, distance and unhappiness gradually set in and the pair agreed to remain together until their children completed their education, planning for their divorce to go ahead in 2020. Yet with hard work, communication and love Dimple and her husband healed their relationship, and themselves, and avoided the split. Having celebrated their 26 year anniversary last year, Dimple now specialises in healing others' relationships by combining spirit and strategy using her four pillars; Relationship, Energy, Alignment, and Manifestation.