BBC One will be airing episode two of Silent Witness 25 this evening (May 24) at 9pm. The instalment titled History part two, continues from the first episode which saw Dr Nikki Alexander (played by Emilia Fox) come face-to-face with her Lyell predecessor Sam Ryan (Amanda Burton). Nikki was asked by Sam to help her solve the murder of her health secretary husband as she launched a new healthcare company called UNITAS. History part one saw Nikki, Jack Hodgson (David Caves) and Dr Simone Tyler (Genesis Lynea) investigating the health secretary’s fatal shooting. They also discovered more about Sam’s new enterprise UNITAS, which helped patients find organ donors from across the world. However, the flip-side to this was the company would have access to a vast amount of personal healthcare data which could be a privacy breach and meant DNA could be used for more nefarious purposes. As the series opener came to a close, it looked like the health secretary’s killer had been discovered after the fingerprints of Tom Faulkner (Matthew Gravelle) were found on the murder weapon. READ MORE: Silent Witness series 25, episode 2 cast: Who stars in History? Tom was ex-military personnel who also worked for the UN for a spell. He seemed to know more than he was letting on about the brutal assassination of the politician. The character remained shrouded in mystery but he does have connections to both Sam and Nikki with more about his links to them expected to unfold in the series. Speaking about the character of Tom, producer Nick Lambon teased the audience had a “huge shock” in store when Tom’s identity was finally revealed. Lambon said he was a “significant person” in Nikki’s past with the forensic pathologist holding back about Tom. Although it initially appeared Sam was perhaps the one with secrets, over the course of episode two there would be a shift with Nikki appearing to hide things. The television executive said both Sam and Nikki weren’t necessarily lying but the weren’t “admitting everything” about the case to each other. Nikki’s motives for keeping quiet about Tom will come out during the story, which will complicate the case further. “For Sam, she realises everything is even more complicated that she initially thought because of Tom and Nikki’s connection,” he told the Metro. DON'T MISS...Silent Witness: Why did Tom Ward leave as Harry Cunningham? [ANALYSIS]How many episodes are in Silent Witness series 25? [EXPLAINER]Silent Witness: Why did Liz Carr leave as Clarissa Mullery? [INSIGHT] Lambon said: “Tom and Sam are two people who used to be very close, they used to work together and then they had a falling out.” He went on to say: “We made him have a past where he used to work in the army, in Special Ops and private security with Sam, which all makes us believe he can pull the trigger on a gun.” The producer added: “The evidence surrounding Tom is really important, but the security of that evidence plays a massive role in the series.” This evening’s instalment delves further into Tom being framed but to what ends remains a mystery. Actor Gravelle plays Tom in the series and is best known for his portrayal of shady suspect Joe Miller in ITV crime drama Broadchurch. He had a major role in both seasons one and two opposite Oscar winner Olivia Colman who played his unsuspecting police detective wife. The star has also featured in the hit Welsh BBC drama Keeping Faith as Terry Price and Some of his other notable roles are in Channel 4’s The Accident, the Widow, and Unseelie Jack in Amazon’s fantasy extravaganza Carnival Row. In more recent years, Gravelle has starred in the TV series Curious Under the Stars, The Snow Spider, Exile and Manhunt. As well as being an actor, he is also an animator and lecturer based in Cardiff. Silent Witness continues on BBC One tonight at 9pm