Every bank, investment company and credit card issuer now has no choice but to have a major division dedicated to fraud prevention and they are being run off their feet. So, a few words of explanation and warning.   The first approach will probably be when your phone rings to reveal a warm, comforting and reassuring voice, almost always male, claiming to be from your credit card or bank. He will already know quite a bit about you - these swine prepare carefully. But you would be amazed at the number of our personal details that are available with skilled research. Electoral rolls reveal our names and addresses. It may be you went to the ATM machine to draw money. There was a well-dressed man near you, seemingly buried in a newspaper. He noted the company you bank with and maybe your pin number as you tapped it in. The voice on the phone will tell you his department has spotted scamming attempts and among the targets your name came up. To make sure your life savings are untouchable he just needs to confirm a few details. He will reel off your name and address, and maybe even your pin number - the eagle-eyed "gentleman" next to you at the machine was his colleague. They work in teams. But he just needs to confirm that you are who you say you are and that means confirming a few more ID numbers. If you fall for it, you might let slip the vital access code that authorises a massive transfer of your funds. If you are a woman his female colleague will phone your bank and effect the transfer - and that is your life savings gone. Forever. Of course the key is that the voice on the phone has no more to do with your bank or card issuer than my Jack Russell. The trick is to remain civil and apparently gullible but explain your front doorbell has just rung and you can see Ocado on the doorstep with groceries. If he will give you his phone number and extension, plus name, you will phone him back in ten minutes. He won't but he may agree to call you and resume. And he may give a name.  In the interval, phone your bank/issuer and ask if anyone of that name is on their staff and was calling you. If he is a scammer they will confirm there is no such person in their office. If he is genuine, you will be back speaking with him. If he is a fraudster wait for him to contact again, then tell him you know who he is, that the phone trackers are closing in on him and will be on his stairs within an hour. It may just ruin his day. The key is this: NEVER reveal key ID numbers on the phone. The bank doesn't need to ask you - they have it already because they issued it. It sounds unpleasant but we live in an age of con men. It was not always so but this is the new "online" age. ---------------------------------  Our finest detectives have laboured long and hard to discover whether a politician had a slice of birthday cake or a curry and beer out of hours two years ago. Meanwhile if your house is burgled while you are on holiday you could ring the fuzz and with luck you might get a crime number for the insurance. The Met at last say their probe is complete, though Durham sleuths still investigate "beergate". Priorities must be observed. --------------------------------- Out of Ukraine comes an interesting report tucked away among the pages of media "copy" each day. Kyiv's head of military intelligence believes that if his country can hold out until August, and even continue recapturing territory while further smashing Russian forces on its soil, Vladimir Putin could well be toppled. Not by the people, too gullible to stop believing their wholly-managed media propaganda, but by the inner circle. Putin may fool the broad masses, and himself, but the generals, analysts and administrators around him are beginning to realise that not one of the predictions on the basis of which he started his invasion have come true or are going to. --------------------------------- Eventually all sycophants realise they have to start looking out for themselves. That is when what seems to be loyalty, or at least obedience, switches to self-preservation. It has not happened yet, despite the wave of dismissals and arrests Putin has ordered, but can it be long delayed? Putin may be a self-deluder of manic proportions but those around him are probably not. Another vital community leaving in their droves are the wealth creators - bankers, businessmen, entrepreneurs, financiers. Many have stashed their fortunes abroad so they can travel light. It seems they are slipping out via half a dozen borders heading for the Middle East or West. It takes time but in due course their absence will bring Putin's economy to its knees. Perhaps then the people will turn on him. If only the Ukrainians can hold on until the invading army is bled white with casualties. ---------------------------------  Not all that long ago Charles de Gaulle remarked that the French were ungovernable because they produced 246 different cheeses. Back then, and I recall it well from my boyhood, France was the gastronomic pinnacle and poor England a culinary laughing stock. Shortly after the privations of the war the French were back to canard à l'orange followed by crêpes suzette flamed in Grand Marnier. We British, who supposedly won the war, lumbered on with our toads in the hole and jam roly-polies. British wine? You must be joking. But times they have been a-changing. We have learnt and caught up. More, we have overtaken. Europe's finest eateries no longer overlook the Seine but the Thames and are scattered through our rural counties. International prizes adorn their shelves. France has 550 artisanal cheeses to our 1,000. As for wines, the vintages coming from our southeastern vineyards rival anything from Bordeaux or Champagne. So the next time Emmanuel Macron is snooty about the old country we can advise him to take his remarks and shove them où le soleil ne brille pas. (Go on, look it up!!) --------------------------------- What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea It's almost as if someone up there in the "Cabernet" Office was actually reading this page. No such luck, but readers may have noticed I have complained to the point of tedium at the size and functional uselessness of the huge army of bureaucrats who really run this country and at whose door most of our failures can be laid. Now it seems something may actually be done about that. Plans have been announced to cut back the jobsworth army by 91,000 penpushers. Needless to say, the howls of rage from the mandarins have been lodged, but you can P45 the deadwood with a clear conscience if you cut back the tidal wave of pointless paperwork that gives them their justification. While they are at it the politicians have told the penpushers they can jolly well get back to the office and end the work-from-home farce. The reply is that they could just as well work from abroad. And why not? But for someone else. John Taxpayer has run out of patience and funds at last.