Manchester United reportedly want Erik ten Hag to make a decision on the likes of Marcus Rashford, Eric Bailly and Aaron Wan-Bissaka. The trio have all endured troublesome seasons at Old Trafford. And their futures are very much up in the air as the summer transfer window creeps closer. According to Fabrizio Romano, writing for CaughtOffside, the United hierarchy want an answer from Ten Hag regarding the trio. “Erik ten Hag had a meeting with part of the Manchester United board last week, this is confirmed,” Romano said. “It happened in Amsterdam, and now he’s planning to fly to England this week to begin internal discussions but Ralf Rangnick will be in charge for United’s last game vs Crystal Palace. “In the meeting, there was talk of players already in the club, potential new signings and contracts, but also the backroom staff which will include Mitchell van der Gaag as requested by ten Hag. “Manchester United want a decision from ten Hag soon over Eric Bailly, Aaron Wan-Bissaka and also Marcus Rashford, while Frenkie de Jong is certainly a name that has been discussed internally.” So Express Sport will now imagine ourselves in Ten Hag’s shoes and look at what he’s likely to decide. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings United signed Bailly from Villarreal back in the summer transfer window of 2016 believing he could be a huge hit. But, an impressive first campaign aside, the Ivory Coast international has often struggled for consistency. Throw in Bailly’s torrid injury record and it’s hard to see a future for the centre-back at Old Trafford. Ten Hag is understood to want the signing of a new defender to go alongside Raphael Varane. And with Bailly already behind the likes of Varane, Harry Maguire and Victor Lindelof in the pecking order, a departure could be on the cards. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag There’s no denying Wan-Bissaka has his uses, especially given his outstanding defensive skills. But it’s going forward where the former Crystal Palace star really needs to improve, which is why he’s below Diogo Dalot in Ralf Rangnick’s pecking order. Still, United paid a huge £50million for the player just three years ago. And given Wan-Bissaka is still young at 24, he’s still got time on his side to get better. United would welcome a full-back but, with so many other priorities, it’s feasible Ten Hag will try and get the best out of a player he’s inheriting rather than jettison them straight away. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz It recently emerged that Steve McClaren, who is poised to work with Ten Hag at United, wants Rashford to stay. Arsenal and Newcastle, as well as PSG and Barcelona, all have interest in the England international. But given Rashford has the potential to be world-class, he’s primed to be an integral part of Ten Hag’s project. It’s hard to see the 52-year-old letting Rashford go, even if his form this term has left much to be desired. Instead, expect to see him performing on the left wing more regularly next term after a healthy summer of rest. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Ten Hag has cut short his time at Ajax to work with United. And he’s now explained his decision to start work right away by saying: "I am switching very rapidly, yes. “But is it really necessary, because a lot of things need to be dealt with. "I have the energy to carry on after the Dutch season with a new period in Manchester. “I am looking forward to dealing with things. Of course I need to charge my batteries at some stage, but I will find time for that somewhere in between."