Yesterday NS&I announced the May prize draw winners and have updated their prize checker today. This will enable bond holders across the country to check if they’ve scooped a prize ranging from £25 up to £1million.   In March, NS&I shifted their offerings to the £1million jackpot winners, now offering a choice of thousands of financial advisors to help them properly manage this seven-figure windfall. One of the May jackpot winners, a Wandsworth resident, had purchased the winning bond almost two decades ago. This has given hope to older bond holders, proving that ERNIE has not forgotten they stand a chance to win as well. The Wandsworth bond was purchased in June 2003, with a value of £1,000. READ MORE: New plan to ban gas boilers could make your home UNSELLABLE - ‘buyers hate heat pumps’     The second millionaire this month is a Greater Manchester resident who purchased the winning bond in September 2016. Alongside the lucky millionaires, 3.4 million other prizes are due to be dished out this month, valued between £25 and £100,000. In total for the May prize draw, NS&I will be paying out £98,183,175. Two £50,000 winners only had their bonds for mere months before reaping the benefits of Premium Bonds, with both of them having been bought in January 2022.  Premium Bonds must be held for a full calendar month before they can be entered into the monthly prize draw. This means that these bonds have only been in three prize draws before hitting big. On the other side of the spectrum, one of the oldest Premium Bonds to win this month received £1,000 for their patience. The bond was purchased an astounding 46 years ago, in June 1976 and had a value of £10.  In total, this Surrey NS&I customer held just £24 in Premium Bonds, further proving that one does not necessarily need to invest thousands to get it back. Another similar bond also won £1,000 after having been purchased in December 1988, 34 years ago. The Croydon winner held just £25 in total with NS&I’s Premium Bond product. Britons can check if they are one of the lucky winners this month using NS&I’s prize checker from today.  This can be found on their website or their official prize checker app. Bond holders will need their Premium Bonds holder number to use the website and their NS&I number or holder’s number to use the app. By doing this people can also check if they have any unclaimed prizes owed to them. There is an estimated £74million left unclaimed in prizes and there is no time limit in which to claim it as the money is kept indefinitely.