Alleged plans to create an EU army had long been dismissed by Europhiles as Brexiteer propaganda to stir up fear, particularly in the build up to the Referendum. However, it now appears the fears were not unfounded, as Ex-Belgian Prime Minister and Chair of the EU's Brexit Steering Group Guy Verhofstadt took to social media to share the European Union's latest plans to create a joint military force across the 27 member states. During a head-to-head debate between ex-UKIP leader Nigel Farage and Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg in 2014, the Liberal Democrat MP claimed an EU army was a "dangerous fantasy that is simply not true". Former Labour spin doctor Alastair Campbell even described the prospect as a "myth" just days before the 2016 Brexit referendum. However, following the Conference on the Future of Europe, it appears now the plans are closer than ever to becoming a reality. Mr Verhofstadt tweeted: “Conference on the Future of Europe approves radical overhaul of the EU: end of unanimity, abolishment of veto’s, launch of Joint Armed Forces of the Union, transnational lists and many other reforms.” One Express reader responded: “Oh no. Does this mean that the majority would have been even larger for Brexit, given that many remainers voted to remain based on Campbell and Cleggies lies? Cue rejoiner meltdown” User Local Voter added: “The EU has shown itself to be gutless and weak. “Macron thinks he's the new Napoleon, hijacking the EU to build an army that would surpass the UKs military power. READ MORE: Russia handed another blow as Ukraine blows up fast-attacks crafts [INSIGHT] “This has shown us all that the UK as a free independent sovereign nation, how being nimble and spontaneous responds to a crisis.” Another appeared to be glad for the proposal for how it may damage the EU’s economy, writing: “An EU army will by definition be hopelessly ineffectual. “Still, anything that puts a further strain on its dodgy economy is fine by me.” The economy also proved a concern for user Fidget, who said: “We have to rid ourselves of the Remainers in Parliament, as they would sign us up to everything EU related and to hell with the cost!” Express readers were not alone in slamming the possibility of an EU army. Nile Gardiner, who worked as an aide to Margaret Thatcher from 2000 to 2002, added: “The EU's crazy drive to be a supranational superstate with its own military and the suppression of national sovereignty. “Thank God for Brexit, British self-determination and real freedom outside the European Union.” Ex-Brexit Party MEP and GB News host Alex Phillips even described the prospect as “terrifying”. Colonel Richard Kemp, who was sent to Kabul in 2003 to take command of British Forces in Afghanistan, said: “We got out just in time. “All of these measures were vociferously denied as EU intentions by the Remainers but many of us who supported Brexit knew the truth. “As did the duplicitous architects of the Remain campaign’s Project Fear.”