Stacey Solomon, 32, has taken to Instagram to give her 5.1 million followers a sneak preview at her outfit for the BAFTA television awards. The Loose Women star posed for a series of adorable snaps with her fiancé Joe Swash, 40, who is attending the ceremony alongside her. The mum-of-four looked beautiful as she posed in the sprawling garden of Pickle Cottage with a dapper looking Joe. Stacey opted to wear an elegant white top covered in cascading embellishments, which she paired with matching silky trousers. Joe smiled adoringly at his partner while wearing a classic black tuxedo suit. However, sticking to the candid approach fans love her for, Stacey also shared her fears that her stunning look could cause an awkward wardrobe blunder. READ MORE... Amanda Holden, 51, puts on sizzling display in tiny red bikini She began by showing off her transformation from casual loungewear to a red carpet ready look. The star snapped a mirror selfie with unbrushed hair and no make-up, while wearing a slightly stained tracksuit.    She humorously captioned the pic: “Time to go… How it started…”    The presenter, who is nominated for a BAFTA for her BBC show Sort Your Life Out, then posted a stunning set of pictures alongside her beau.     She captioned them: “Here we go… Off to the Baftas with my best friend. “Couldn’t do any of it without you Never felt so nervous & proud… “No matter what I’m so grateful to even have been nominated. “Never ever ever did I think I’d be saying that. Thank you all for your constant kindness and support To the moon and back. DON'T MISS:Donny Osmond says Michael Jackson 'left him in the dust' [COMMENT]Madonna, 63, looks younger than ever on stroll with teenage son David [PICS]Monty Don sparks frenzy as he announces 'perfect' new family arrival [OPINION] “Happy Sunday everyone. Lots of love from your bafta nominated neat freak.” Stacey previously admitted earlier this morning that the idea of going to red carpet appearances makes her “shudder”.  She divulged: "I honestly don't remember the last time I wore heels & dressed up & went out.  “I’m so nervous. I'm so goofy & gangly the idea of walking down a carpet makes me shudder.  "But I've never felt so proud to be going somewhere & be up for an award. In the 13 years that I've been doing this - that has never happened." Stacey went on to admit her fears that she could suffer a wardrobe disaster on the red carpet, if she trips over her trousers. She added: “Hope you all have a lovely Sunday everyone. Pray for me that I don't fall over."  Fans can tune in tonight from 6pm on BBC One to find out if Stacey wins her award for her hit show, Sort Your Life Out. 