Police officers and paramedics were called to Old Kent Road at the junction with Surrey Square outside a barbershop at about 7pm on Thursday, May 26. London's Metropolitan Police has confirmed the stabbing was not fatal and that a knife has been recovered.  The force said in a statement that officers attended a disturbance at a commercial premises in Old Kent Road in southeast London. It added that a man was found with lacerations to his arm and a knife has been recovered. There have been no arrests and enquiries continue. Anyone with information is asked to call the police via 101 quoting reference CAD 6754/26May.    It comes after two men were rushed to hospital with knife wounds after a fight broke out on a street in Hackney, east London, on Wednesday in a separate incident. Emergency services were scrambled to the scene in Bakers Hill just after 9.30pm on May 25 after reports of a disturbance involving a group of people. The victims - in their 20s - were taken to hospital where their condition is not believed to be life-threatening. In a statement, the Met said: "Officers attended along with London Ambulance Service and found two men, aged in their 20s, with slash injuries.  READ MORE ABOUT KATE'S FAVOURITE TAKEAWAY   "They were taken to hospital where their conditions were assessed as not life-threatening. Enquiries into the circumstances are ongoing, and no arrests have been made so far." Meanwhile, police in Liverpool issued a plea for young people not to carry knives after a 14-year-old boy was stabbed in a separate incident. The teenager was stabbed in the armpit in an assault in Campbell Square in the city centre. Three boys, two aged 15 and one aged 17, were arrested after what happened.  DON'T MISS: Fury over plan to build huge Berlin Wall-style fence next to main road [REVEALED] UK immigration SURGE: Visas now staggering 145% HIGHER than 2021 [LATEST] Top doctor saw private patients while signed off sick from NHS [REPORT]  Police said the victim was treated by paramedics at the scene and did not need hospital treatment. Chief Inspector Phil Mullally said: "Our message to any young person who is thinking of carrying of a knife is crystal clear: it is just not worth the risk of causing serious injury or harm to yourself and others. "I would appeal to all young people who think about carrying a knife to seriously consider the consequences - you could end up jailed, killed or injured and bring serious suffering upon your loved ones and others." Police chiefs said on Thursday that the national operation to crack down on knife crime - Operation Sceptre - has seized thousands of knives.  The operation, undertaken by all 43 forces in England and Wales as well as the British Transport Police, led to 1,947 arrests with 831 linked to knife crime offences. A number of different tactics were used to remove knives from the streets, including honesty bins, knife arches and weapon sweeps. Officers seized 1,074 knives while 8,401 were surrendered or seized during sweeps. This is an increase of 14 percent since the last Operation Sceptre in 2021, according to figures from the National Police Chiefs' Council (NPCC). Deputy Assistant Commissioner Graham McNulty, the NPCC's lead for knife crime, said that the increase is down to police using intelligence to target habitual knife carriers.    He believes awareness campaigns have led more members of the public to tip the police off about weapons. As a result, last year, while so-called knife-enabled crime dropped, the number of people charged with knife possession rose, he said. The police also worked with the Prison Service to sweep cells, with 131 inmates searched in 100 cells across eight jails. They seized 29 weapons during the cell searches, including razor blades fixed to toothbrushes and other handles. This was the second year that the Prison Service has been involved in the crackdown and there are hopes to expand the operation further next year. Other weapons seized by police over the week included swords, hunting knives and machetes. Deputy Assistant Commissioner McNulty said bigger blades such as machetes and hunting knives are being used more often in the most serious attacks. He added: "In relation to homicide and serious stabbings... we are seeing larger blades, we are seeing machetes more, we are seeing combat knives, rambo knives, those sorts of knives, particularly among those forces that have gang issues. "We are seeing in the most serious stab injuries more use of larger, bigger knives, which obviously cause horrific injuries to individuals."  Chief Inspector Rob Ranstead, who led the operation for the Met, said making London safer is his force's priority. He added: "Our mission is to bear down on violence and make communities safer across London - it's our priority. "Operation Sceptre is an intensification of the work we already do every single day and officers will not stop doing everything they can to target those carrying weapons on our streets."  Crime, Policing and Probation Minister Kit Malthouse said there is "nothing more terrifying" for a parent than the thought of the child not making it home. He said: "We have to work day and night to keep our kids safe. Operations like this are helping us make our streets safer each day."  