Liverpool target Aurelien Tchouameni could be set to turn his back on Monaco after refusing to rule out a summer move. The 22-year-old has enjoyed another stellar campaign in Ligue 1 and has been tipped to move on to bigger and better things. Tchouameni came through the Bordeaux academy and made 37 first team appearances for his boyhood club as a teenager before securing a move to Monaco. And his career has taken off during his time with his current team. Since arriving in Monaco, Tchouameni has racked-up 94 appearances and has stamped his mark on Ligue 1. And he’s also become a regular fixture in Didier Deschamps’ France squad. The ace has two more years remaining on his contract but has been attracting attention all season, with Liverpool and Real Madrid reportedly leading the race to sign him. And on Wednesday, the youngster hinted he could be on his way out of the club. READ MORE: Man Utd stars told what to expect as Daley Blind sends Ten Hag plea    During an open training session at Monaco’s Stade Louis II stadium, fans displayed signs calling for the player to stay. And when questioned about the signs after the session, Tchouameni said: “It’s true that there are a lot of people that are hoping to see me stay. That makes me happy because it shows that I’m doing good work. As I’ve said before, what is certain is that there is one more match in Monegasque colours against Lens and after that we’ll see what happens.” Tchouameni made his France debut in last September’s World Cup qualifying draw with Bosnia and has gone on to win seven more caps for his country. And he could well be a regular starter by the time the World Cup in Qatar gets underway in November. DON'T MISS Inside Tottenham boss Antonio Conte's dinner with Daniel Levy as eight stars up for sale Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp may have confirmed imminent transfer exit in Southampton win Manchester United 'in pole position' to give Erik ten Hag £85m transfer gift      He could prove to be an astute signing if Reds boss Jurgen Klopp can get his hands on the young star. Klopp has a habit of nurturing talented youngsters and already appears to have agreed a deal to secure Fulham forward Fabio Carvalho, while Aberdeen right-back Calvin Ramsay could also be heading to Anfield. And the German would likely jump at the opportunity to work with Tchouameni. But he would have to stump up mega cash to sign the star and also persuade him to opt for Merseyside rather than Madrid as Real have reportedly reignited their interest in the youngster and made contact with the player’s entourage. Tchouameni would unequivocally boost the Reds midfield for years to come in he does move to the Premier League. So it remains to be seen whether Klopp can land his man in the coming months.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here