People close to Frenkie de Jong have reportedly played down talk of an imminent move to Manchester United. It was claimed late on Wednesday that the Netherlands international was on the verge of moving to Old Trafford from Barcelona, where he’d reunite with Erik ten Hag. However, that’s now been debunked as the summer transfer window creeps closer. Manchester United will need a new midfielder this summer, with Nemanja Matic’s exit already confirmed and the likes of Paul Pogba, Juan Mata and Jesse Lingard primed to follow. And, on Wednesday night, it was claimed the Red Devils were on the verge of securing the signing of De Jong. Barcelona need to make a big sale by June 30 in order to balance their finances and the 24-year-old, having endured another inconsistent campaign, would represent a way for the La Liga giants to make money. Now, however, ESPN journalist Samuel Marsden has reported De Jong insiders are expecting the midfielder to stay at the Nou Camp. Speaking on the Siempre Positivo podcast, he said: “People close to Frenkie de Jong, even after today’s stories, insist that it is still much more likely that the player stays. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings “It is the club who needs money before June 30th, which is probably why we’ll see such stories ramp up.” United were among the teams eyeing De Jong in 2019, when he decided to leave Ajax behind. So too were Paris Saint-Germain, who have also been tipped to reignite their interest amid uncertainty over the midfielder’s future. But, at the present moment in time, it seems as though the Barcelona star will stay in Catalonia. Joan Laporta has regularly backed De Jong to overcome his struggles for consistency. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag And so too has manager Xavi, with the Spaniard adamant the 24-year-old will be part of his plans for many years to come. If United do sign De Jong, though, he’ll become their fifth signing from La Liga since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement in 2013. Ander Herrera was the first, with the midfielder touching down from Athletic Bilbao the following year. That was under Louis van Gaal, who also proceeded to sign Victor Valdes after the Barcelona icon had trained with the club. Also in 2014, United secured the blockbuster transfer of Angel Di Maria. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Di Maria had dazzled for Real Madrid yet would last just a year in England before leaving for Paris Saint-Germain. In 2016, United marked the start of the Jose Mourinho era by bringing Eric Bailly in from Villarreal. And the Red Devils were successful in raiding Real Madrid for Raphael Varane 12 months ago, though the France international has had an underwhelming first year in English football. Speaking earlier in the season, meanwhile, Liverpool icon John Barnes insisted De Jong would be the perfect replacement for Pogba. “Frenkie de Jong would be a brilliant signing for Manchester United,” Barnes told BonusCodeBets. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “It looks like Paul Pogba is on his way out of the club so bringing in a replacement for him is very important. “Especially if that person is a young and talented player who will get the opportunity to be one of the main players at the club. “He has everything in terms of passing range, intensity and a great attitude. It’s exactly what Manchester United need in midfield. “That was their plan with Donny van de Beek, but of course he’s been stifled by other players in his position playing better than him. “However, bringing De Jong in and putting him straight into the side and being trusted would be good for both Manchester United and him.”