Odds on who could replace Sir Keir Starmer as Labour leader are now out following the development of the ‘beergate’ saga. This week the Labour leader committed to resigning if he is fined by police for breaking lockdown rules, but has maintained that no rules were broken at the April 2021 gathering. Durham Police confirmed on Friday, May 6, that it has launched an investigation into the Labour leader for a potential breach. Mr Starmer was filmed with a bottle in his hand chatting to colleagues in Durham Miners Hall ahead of the Hartlepool by-election last year. The alleged rule-breaking took place at roughly the same time the Prime Minister and Chancellor attended lockdown parties they were later fined for. A police statement on Friday afternoon said: “Earlier this year, Durham Constabulary carried out an assessment as to whether COVID-19 regulations had been breached at a gathering in Durham City on April 30, 2021. READ MORE: 'Sword of Damocles' Richard Madeley hits out at Starmer 'fake' quit “At that time, it was concluded that no offence had been established and therefore no further action would be taken. “Following the receipt of significant new information over recent days, Durham Constabulary has reviewed that position and now, following the conclusion of the pre-election period, we can confirm that an investigation into potential breaches of COVID-19 regulations relating to this gathering is now being conducted.” A Labour Party spokesman said: “We’re obviously happy to answer any questions there are and we remain clear that no rules were broken.” Several frontrunners have emerged in the potential run to replace Sir Heir. Manchester Mayor Andy Burnham, who has long been thought a contender for the top spot, is currently 5/1 to be the next Labour leader. Wes Streeting, who has climbed the ranks of the party swiftly in recent years, is just behind Mr Burnham on 6/1. Lisa Nandy, who ran against Sir Keir in the last leadership contest, rounds off the top three candidates most likely to replace her boss on 8/1. DON'T MISSMP laughs out loud as Madeley says Lisa Nandy should be next leader [REPORT]Tackling eco idiots is the least of PM's challenges - Express Comment [INSIGHT]Queen Speech debate sees Starmer humiliated over Labour Trident stance [REPORT] Betfair Exchange - Next permanent Labour leader odds: Betfair spokesperson Sam Rosbottom said: “Keir Starmer may have been toasting to strong local election results, but the Labour leader is in hot water over ‘beergate’ claims of his own and Andy Burnham is the 5/1 favourite to become the new Labour leader should he step down. “Wes Streeting is next in the betting at 6/1, while Lisa Nandy and Labour deputy leader Angela Rayner are 8/1.” Sir Keir was elected by Labour Party members to become leader in April 2020. An unnamed Labour Party source confirmed to Express.co.uk that if Sir Keir resigns, a new leader is expected to be in place by September this year.