First developed during the 1980s, the automatic military command and control system briefcase came into Putin’s hands back in 1999. When it was first unveiled, the Russian Government claimed it could activate a terrifying nuclear system that poses a threat to millions of people. Its contents have been exposed just once in a state-media broadcast after Russia sent a warning to the rest of the world that it is not to be messed with. The suitcase was reportedly first put into service when Mikhail Gorbachev took to power of the Soviet Union in March 1985. It does not have a red button that would release a nuclear weapons itself, but it can quickly transmit launch orders to Russian nuclear forces. A 2020 document called “Basic Principles of State Policy of the Russian Federation on Nuclear Deterrence” says it is in the power of Russia’s President to make nuclear decisions. And Putin reportedly has the nuclear briefcase close to him at all times. If he did decide to open up, the Russian President has a terrifying arsenal of 6,000 nuclear weapons (the largest in the world) to choose from.  1,588 are already deployed and ready for use. After several horror threats to the West amid the Ukraine war, Putin may be coming closer to peeking inside his suitcase every day. He has already put his nuclear forces on “high alert”. The Russian Defence Ministry said after this that its Strategic Missile Forces, Northern and Pacific Fleets, and Long-Range Aviation Command were on “enhanced” combat duty, with reinforced personnel. He has also warned the West not to get involved in Ukraine or else it would face a “lightning-fast” response. READ MORE: Russia WIPES OUT satellites and tries to shut down West Putin told Russian lawmakers: “If someone intends to intervene in the ongoing events from the outside and create strategic threats for Russia that are unacceptable to us, they should know that our retaliatory strikes will be lightning fast. “We have all the tools for this, things no one else can boast of having now. And we will not boast, we will use them if necessary. And I want everyone to know that." And Russia has been unveiling some terrifying new weapons in a series of tests. The Sarmat 2, dubbed Satan 2 by the West, is an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) capable of carrying 10 or more nuclear warheads and can hit targets in the US and Europe. DON'T MISS Archaeologists stunned after finding evidence for 'sacrifice' in UK [REPORT] Japan steps in to ease energy crisis – gas prices PLUMMET [INSIGHT] Boris warns Putin that Sweden can 'request' UK nuclear support [REVEAL] Sarmat missiles will reportedly be based in the Siberian town of Uzhur, in the Krasnoyarsk region, about 3,000 kilometres (1,864 miles) east of Moscow. The head of Russia’s space agency, Dmitry Rogozin, told Russian state-controlled TV: "This is a missile that is much more powerful than other strategic weapons, including the Minuteman-III missile, which is in service with the United States. "Both in terms of global reach and the power of warheads that can be delivered to the territory of an aggressor."