The footballer turned BBC star has been mocked on Twitter for his statements about the Union Jack, calling flags “pieces of cloth on a stick”. A politician then pointed to an advertisement where Mr Lineker is seen smiling holding a Union Jack. Martin Daubney, Deputy Head of the Reclaim Party, pointed out this hypocrisy on Twitter, posting screenshots of each tweet from Mr Lineker. Mr Daubney said: “Gary Lineker: I've tried really hard, but I just can't get excited about flags “* Except when a shirt maker pays me shed loads of cash to get excited about flags. Ker-ching!” Mr Daubney pointed to a tweet by Gary Lineker in which he voiced his indifference towards flags.  Mr Lineker said: “I’ve tried really hard, but I just can’t get excited by flags. Any flags. They’re just pieces of cloth with a stick, right? “Does it make me a bad person? I’m as patriotic as anyone, but flags? Now a Union Jack stick of rock: Oh Yes!” In a screenshot of an accompanying tweet, Mr Lineker is seen holding a miniature Union Jack and smiling. Mr Daubney wasn’t the only one to point out Mr Lineker’s seemingly contradictory tweet, one user on the platform pointed to pictures of him holding different flags, including St George’s flag and the Union Jack.  READ MORE: Jeff Bezos backing £300m British project to create limitless energy... Another user, Tadcaster Tory, said: “Gary’s desperate virtue signalling/mid-life crisis continues.” Not everyone was so harsh on the broadcaster however, one user pointed out that many of the times he was seen holding the flags he was presenting on TV. Emily Duckworth said: “Ever consider he had a job presenting? That's not just him hanging out with his friends and family.” The news comes amidst a heated public debate on the flying on the Union Jack, which shops and other businesses have begun to fly more often in honour of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. Broadcaster India Willoughby was slammed for comparing the Union Jack to the Swastika Flag of Nazi Germany hung in Hitler's reign in the 1930s until the end of World War II.  DON'T MISS:Rylan Clark urged critics 'lay off' Scott Mills amid BBC replacement [REPORT]Motorway petrol station warning UK drivers urged to avoid filling up [ANALYSIS]Brexit: UK to OVERRIDE parts of hated deal within weeks [LIVE] In response, British activist Darren Grimes said on Twitter: “OUR flag represents OUR values, OUR institutions, OUR democracy, OUR way of life and OUR United Kingdom. “Those values are sod all like those of Nazi Germany and anyone who says otherwise has a pathological loathing of their own nation and ought to seek immediate help.” Ms Willoughby retweeted Gary Lineker’s comments about flags. The row sparked an outpouring of responses on Twitter, with some defending Ms Willoughby’s comments and others rebuking her strongly. 