The two Manchester United players involved in a training ground fight have a big age gap and have different nationalities, according to reports. The duo haven’t been named following the incident at Carrington. But more details are now coming out about what took place behind closed doors. It was revealed over the weekend that two United players had become embroiled in a fight at Carrington. And the Manchester Evening News have now provided more details about the incident, insisting some of the names being mentioned on social media are wide of the mark. It’s claimed the two involved players have a big age gap between them, while they’ve also received ‘plaudits’ from supporters this term. United fans would supposedly be ‘encouraged’ if they knew the identities of the pair. One of the players is apparently not known for their ‘truculence’, though their dedication and mentality are ‘sound’. And they’re also not of the same nationality, nor do they speak in the same mother tongue. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings It’s unclear at present who the duo are and it’s expected to stay that way with United keen to move on from the incident. But the new details that are emerging are interesting and whether Ralf Rangnick addresses the bust-up remains to be seen. Rangnick has just one game left as he prepares to move from manager to consultant at the end of the campaign. And Erik ten Hag will be the new manager of United, with the club confirming his appointment last month. Ten Hag will look to bring harmony to the United squad after a year of woeful results under both Rangnick and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. To make matters worse, things could yet deteriorate further despite the season nearly being over. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag United go up against Crystal Palace on Sunday and victory would see them qualify for the Europa League. If they draw or lose, however, and West Ham get a result against Brighton it’s possible the Red Devils will end up falling into the UEFA Conference League positions. United have won just 16 of their 37 league matches this term. And they’re set to finish the campaign with their lowest-ever points total for a single Premier League season. There won’t be any silverware, too, with the Red Devils crashing out of the Carabao Cup under Solskjaer in September. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz They were then eliminated from the FA Cup by Middlesbrough in January after losing on penalties at Old Trafford after a 1-1 draw. And they were dumped out of the Champions League by Atletico Madrid in March after losing 2-1 on aggregate. Ten Hag, meanwhile, has opened up on what he plans to change at United after agreeing to take charge ahead of schedule. He said over the weekend: "I am switching very rapidly, yes. “But is it really necessary, because a lot of things need to be dealt with. "I have the energy to carry on after the Dutch season with a new period in Manchester. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “I am looking forward to dealing with things. Of course I need to charge my batteries at some stage, but I will find time for that somewhere in between." Ten Hag’s last game with Ajax was a 2-2 draw with Vitesse. And he opened up on his campaign with the Dutch giants by saying: "This season PSV had a really strong squad. "Ultimately we performed better and there was a difference. "We didn't get many more points than last year, so PSV just did better this season. “We had strong competition this year. That's why it gives me a very proud and satisfied feeling that we are champions."