Manchester United are reportedly 'extremely close' to signing Benfica star Darwin Nunez. The Uruguay international scored 34 goals across all competitions last season, establishing himself as one of the best young forwards on the planet in the process. And, now, a move to Old Trafford could be on the cards. Manchester United know they need a new striker this summer. Edinson Cavani has already confirmed he’ll be on the move, with the Uruguay international being pursued by clubs in La Liga and South America. Anthony Martial is primed to leave United behind, having struggled for consistency since moving from Monaco back in the summer transfer window of 2015. And Mason Greenwood’s future remains up in the air, too. Now, according to GiveMeSport journalist Dean Jones, United are ‘extremely close’ to bringing Nunez to Old Trafford this summer. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings He said: “One source described this deal to United to me as being ‘extremely close’. “They consider Atletico Madrid as their main rivals to sign him, from what I hear, but obviously, loads around Europe are looking. “If Darwin does move to Old Trafford, it will be a brilliant signing for the Ten Hag era.” Nunez was relatively unknown 12 months ago. But he is now on track to become a footballing superstar given his sensational form for Benfica last term. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag A fee of £80million has been mooted for Nunez, with Benfica needing to pay 20 per cent of any deal to the striker’s old club. If United do cough up the money, he’ll become the club’s joint-record signing. Paul Pogba tops the list in that regard, with the France international setting them back a massive £89m upon returning from Juventus back in the summer transfer window of 2016. And Nunez’s fee would be the same amount they paid Leicester for Harry Maguire three years ago. It would also put him above Romelu Lukaku, too, with the Belgian costing United £75m upon moving from Everton in 2017. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Speaking recently, meanwhile, Diego Forlan expressed a belief Nunez would be a good signing for United to make. “I think that he is a very good player, a good kid who is doing really well at Benfica and is enjoying a strong season,” stated the former Red Devils star. “It is not just the Portuguese league where he is doing well but in the Champions League too. “He is a player who has a lot of potential and he could fit in at Manchester United. “But obviously, everyone needs to have patience, although he is getting better with more and more experience.”