The tech giant has announced that it will be closing the store in Bluewater, which was only opened on October 6, last year. Described as a "mini department store", the shop was known for selling items such as books, technology and toys - all of which were rated four stars or higher, according to Kent Live. Some locals on Facebook were mystified at the decision but many believe it makes sense. Tony Watson wrote: "I was more surprised by how large the store was but it had a tiny range being sold, some prices being more than online!" Pauline Townsend added: "The whole reason I use Amazon is because I hate going out shopping and I can’t be the only one." Gemma Gill said: "We went back in February. Loaded the app whilst in the store and ordered the item to home. Saved me carrying it." And Victoria Nichols said: "Went in once didn't go again very disappointing and lack of stock." Ashley Lovejoy wrote: "What a waste of time and money."  The company announced that their decision to close this shop, as well as 66 others in the US, is part of a plan to focus on its Amazon Fresh, Whole Foods Market, Amazon Go and Amazon Style stores. There are currently 16 Amazon Fresh stores in the UK, the first of which opened in March 2021. These stores are described as "checkout-free" as they use special "just walk out" technology to track what customers are buying. This means that shoppers enter the stores through a QR code that is linked up to their Amazon account, and then cameras monitor what is being picked up from the shelves. You’re then automatically charged through your Amazon account when you leave the Amazon Fresh store.  The organisation has confirmed that it is currently working with affected employees to help them find new roles within Amazon. Closing these shops will allow it to focus on expanding its physical Amazon Fresh and Amazon Go stores, alongside its Whole Foods Market chain. Amazon Fresh is the grocery arm of the tech giant, while Amazon Go is its convenience store concept.  Amazon is also set to open its first Amazon Style clothing store in Los Angeles, California, later this year. There will be QR codes on the clothes inside the shop, which shoppers will have to scan using the Amazon shopping app to see what other sizes and colours are available to try on. Once scanned, customers will then be able to send the clothes they like through to the fitting room - ready for them to sample. When launching 4-Star, Amazon said: "We created Amazon 4-star to be a place where customers can discover products they will love. Amazon 4-star’s selection is a direct reflection of our customers—what they’re buying and what they’re loving. "We started with some of the most popular categories on Amazon.com including devices, consumer electronics, kitchen, home, toys, books, and games, and chose only the products that customers have rated 4 stars and above, or are top sellers, or are new and trending. "Today, the average rating of all the products in Amazon 4-star is 4.4 stars, and collectively, the products in store have earned more than 1.8 million 5-star customer reviews." 