There isn't much time left for Jodie Whittaker as Doctor Who. The current Time Lord is soon to go through the regeneration process, and fans want to know who will come out the other side and lead the Tardis and its band of misfits in future outings. Jodie stepped in as the thirteenth Doctor in 2017 and is hoping another female British actress will take over from her. The Easter instalment of Doctor Who: Legend of the Sea Devils was one of the last times that the star will be the Time Lord. With her final outing coming this autumn, Jodie has divulged who she wants to take over the role. The 39-year-old said: "Lydia West would absolutely smash it. "But I don't know. I think the joy of the role is that you don't really know until it's announced. And then you think, 'Yeah, of course!'" Read More: 'Changes Labour made!' Rayner squirms as Kate Garraway challenges Rwanda scheme opposition   Speaking to RadioTimes, Jodie opened up about filming the last season of the popular BBC show. She added: "For me, 2021 was wonderful in comparison to the previous 12 months, because we were able to shoot our entire season of Doctor Who, plus specials, so we were very lucky." Although "challenging" it was worth it. The cast and crew had to make "sacrifices" to "make sure that we didn't jeopardise anybody's health". She continued: "We started shooting in November 2020 and wrapped last October. We were all in a bubble, which meant I didn't see my family because they live in Huddersfield." The actress also praised the show for allowing her to "do things that you would never have dreamed of" before starring in it. Boosting her profile, she proclaimed how happy she was to appear on a "BBC podcast" and make her "own playlist" for BBC. Whispers of Lydia have been flying around for some time. Several leading bookies have also highlighted that she is a leading contender to appear as the new Doctor after the regeneration. DON’T MISS…Big Bang Theory’s Kaley Cuoco in tears as she pays tribute to co-star 'Helped me so much' [LATEST]'Didn't want to' DI Ray star shares concerns over portraying ‘racist’ role in ITV series [LATEST]Jennie Bond on exactly why the royals will NOT stand with Prince Andrew [LATEST]  Bookies Coral has revealed It's A Sin actress Lydia is becoming a fan-favourite with her odds "slashed in half" to 2-1 from 4-1. Coral's John Hill said: "Many punters feel that the first-ever female Doctor Who will be replaced by another British actress, as we have seen strong support for Lydia West in the last 24 hours. "Our betting is suggesting it will be a two-horse race for the role between David Tennant and Lydia West." She isn't the only It's A Sin star to be in the mix, with singer and actor Olly Alexander previously teased as the new lead and Omari Douglas on odds at odds 5-1 to step in.    