The Platinum Jubilee is the perfect excuse for a new craft project, and makers across the UK will be jumping at the chance to create some bunting for the occasion. Whether you're a craft connoisseur or just fancy spending some time making something special with your friends or family, here are some simple bunting ideas for the Queen's Jubilee. The official Platinum Jubilee website has a range of bunting templates online that you can download and print off at home for super easy bunting. Simply print off these templates, cut out all of the pennants you need and then cut along the dashed lines to insert string, and then it's ready to hang up. English, Welsh, Union Jack and Commonwealth bunting templates can all be found here on the Government website. READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan had 'high price to pay' for Oprah interview  LoveCrafts have included a sewing tutorial from Sarah Ashford, founder of the Great British Quilter, for bunting here, and you can pick your own fabrics for a Platinum Jubilee themed craft project. For this particular tutorial, you'll need fabrics, the PDF triangle flag template, card or template plastic, bias tape, binding clips and supplies like a sewing machine. You may also need the same number of 1p coins for the number of flags you have, but this is optional.  Craft store Hobbycraft also has a range of ideas on its website for creating your own bunting for the Platinum Jubilee here (7 Platinum Jubilee Bunting Projects). If you'd rather avoid getting your sewing machine out, there are tips for 'no-sew bunting' which uses iron-on interfacing to structure your creations. Hobbycraft explains on its website: "If you're a beginner in the world of craft this no-sew bunting is perfect. "Simply take your fabric of choice, apply an iron-on interfacing on the back to give the fabric a little structure and then, using a triangle template, cut out the pennant flags that make up the bunting garland."  DON'T MISS:Celebrate the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee in style [INSIGHT]All-star cast join show for Queen's Platinum Jubilee Celebration [ANALYSIS]Royal Family LIVE: Sussexes could breach Queen's 'ring of steel' [LIVE] The possibilities are endless when it comes to making bunting, and instead of paper or sewing, you could opt for knitting or crocheting your own unique design. Free crochet and knitting patterns can be found online to make your own bunting for the jubilee in a range of shapes and sizes. You can even make your own simple fabric bunting by cutting out triangles with pinking shears to give the fabric a jagged edge and finish with bias binding. 