Professor David Crane, a former US international chief prosecutor, said while NATO forces “follow the laws of armed conflict”, Russian forces since the Soviet era “normally do not [receive] training” in what is and is not acceptable under the auspices of war. Prof Crane suggested that Russian soldiers might not be aware that they’re “going to be held accountable”. The comments come as a 21-year-old tank commander became the first Russian to be charged with war crimes. Prof Crane told GB News: “Commanders of professional armed forces have to follow the laws of armed conflict. “They are supposed to train their soldiers in the laws of armed conflict, and they know that if they commit violations of these laws, then they’re going to be held accountable. “Sadly, the Soviet, and then the Russian Federation forces, normally do not train in the laws of armed conflict. “Their soldiers know nothing about it, and so it’s a sad commentary but professional armed forces around the world, particularly in the NATO countries, do follow the laws of armed conflict, train in those laws and can be sure that their commanders are following those laws.” Vadim Shishimarin, a 21-year-old Russian tank commander, could face life in prison for killing an unarmed Ukrainian civilian. The young commander was allegedly told by another Russian soldier, crucially not above his own rank, to shoot a grandfather called Oleksandr Shelipova. The fatal shooting occurred in the northeast Ukrainian village of Chupakhivka on February 28, just four days after the invasion. A Ukrainian state prosecutor asked a court today to sentence the Russian soldier to life in prison. READ MORE: Russian soldier accused of war crimes pleads guilty in landmark trial [REVEAL] Shishimarin asked widow Kateryna Shelipova to forgive him for the murder of her husband. He said at the hearing today: "I acknowledge my blame ... I ask you to forgive me.” He pleaded guilty to the murder yesterday, and has reportedly cut a forlorn spectacle in a glass booth built for defendants. The Kremlin has said it has no information about the trial and that the absence of a diplomatic mission in Ukraine limits its ability to provide assistance. DON'T MISS: Putin may never face trial for atrocities in Ukraine [REVEAL]War crimes trial a sign that justice will prevail - Express Comment [OPINION] Ukraine teenager describes Russian attack which killed his father [REPORT] The widow told the court that on the day her husband was killed, she had heard distant shots fired from their yard and that she had called out to her husband. She said: "I ran over to my husband, he was already dead. Shot in the head. I screamed, I screamed so much.” Shelipova told the court she would not object if Shishimarin was released to Russia as part of a prisoner swap to get "our boys" out of the port city of Mariupol, a reference to hundreds of Ukrainian soldiers who have given themselves up to Russia. The trial takes place as much of Ukraine is gripped by the fate of its soldiers who it hopes Russia will hand over as part of an exchange.