Judi Dench has been dating David Mills, 77, for over 11 years now - and the lingerie lover has revealed that she's not afraid to spice things up. In an unearthed interview, the star, 87, admitted that she visits a "lovely naughty knicker shop" in London's Covent Garden - although she's not too keen on the idea of others buying up the goods. It comes as the star is set to make an appearance on Love Your Weekend with Alan Titchmarsh this morning. The star candidly addressed the state of her relationship with David. "Don't buy up everything because I'm going there!" she said in an interview with the Radio Times. The award-winning actress also expressed doubt that there is ever a time in life when intimacy with a loved one should disappear. "Well, of course, you still feel desire. Does that ever go?" she challenged. Encouraging other women to fuel the flames in their own relationships, she added: "To the older reader, I would say: ‘Don't give up.'" READ NOW: Minnie Driver shrugs off backlash over 's**gging' Hollywood actors It took Judi almost a decade to meet a special someone after Michael Williams, her husband of 30 years, died of lung cancer. The loss left her devastated but nine years later, in 2010, she found a kindred spirit in David and plucked up the courage to move on. However, though she advocates keeping her love life youthful, one thing that she does want to conform to her age group on is the prospect of marriage. Judi is convinced that, in her ninth decade of life, it's no longer for her. "He is not going to propose. No, no, no, no, no!" she exclaimed to Good Housekeeping. "Let's just pull ourselves together and be our age!" She even rejects traditional names to describe David such as "partner", preferring to describe him as her "chap". "I have a jolly nice friend now," she elaborated. DON'T MISS... Jon Kay announces 'new arrival' after Carol Kirkwood's engagement news [LATEST] James Jordan's wife Ola addresses 'difficult' family farewell [INSIGHT] Steph McGovern's rare admission about children with secretive partner [UPDATE]  "One hot night during the summer, we swam and then had a glass of champagne in the garden and I said, 'This is so fantastic'. "But perhaps if I was a romantic I'd have been cool and calm about it." She admitted that she tends to get "a bit over-excited" in matters of the heart. It isn't just David that still catches her eye, as Judi has also confessed to crushes on the co-stars of her films. Back in 2018, when she channelled Queen Victoria for the movie Victoria and Abdul, she was required to find 36-year-old Ali Fazal - her servant Abdul Karim - mesmerisingly attractive. She quipped that there was "no acting required". Describing the Bollywood heart-throb as "extremely beautiful", she wasn't afraid to admit her real-life appreciation for him. Meanwhile, after appearing in 2021 movie Belfast, it has since been announced that Judi will be joining the cast of Allelujah - a film adaptation of an Alan Bennett play - so fans certainly haven't heard the last of her as an actress yet. Love Your Weekend is on this morning at 10am on ITV.