Manchester United’s pursuit of Frankie de Jong appears to be heading towards a positive conclusion in what could prove to be the first signing of the Erik ten Hag era. And the incoming head coach may already have a plan in place for the Barcelona star to slot into the team next season with two midfield partners identified. Reports suggest Man United’s move for De Jong is ’95 per cent done’ ahead of Ten Hag’s arrival on July 1. According to transfer expert Gerard Romero, United are on the verge of an agreement with Barcelona to sign the midfielder for £69million as he is no longer in Xavi’s plans at Camp Nou. Ten Hag, who has signed a three-year deal to take charge of United from next season, worked with De Jong at Ajax before he left in 2019 for the La Liga giants in a £65million deal. But United could be about to reunite the pair this summer as part of Ten Hag’s summer revolution, with the Netherlands playmaker taking up a key role in the midfield three. READ MORE: Man Utd 'contact Frenkie de Jong's entourage' as timeline set The 52-year-old will no doubt have a plan in place to get the best out of him by using what he has at his disposal. The inbound United head coach swears by his tried and trusted 4-3-3 formation, which will not only suit De Jong but fit the options already present at Old Trafford. It could be that Ten Hag lines up De Jong as a box-to-box midfielder, or a ‘No.6’ as some managers call them, with Bruno Fernandes operating as a No.8 in a slightly more advanced position. That would leave one slot open either for a new signing or one of Fred, Donny van de Beek or Scott McTominay. Ten Hag has utilised the system perfectly during his time in Amsterdam, with De Jong previously forming a midfield with Van de Beek and Lisandro Martinez. Using such a system would give United a balance using De Jong’s poise, Fernandes’ creativity and Fred’s impressive work rate in the engine room. DON'T MISSMan Utd can sign their own Haaland from exquisite shortlistWan-Bissaka tipped for Atletico move after becoming Man Utd scapegoatMan Utd told Mukiele transfer 'easy to make' after bargain price It is in the central areas where United have been severely lacking this season, with Ralf Rangnick’s side missing out on a top-four finish and ending the season trophy-less. Paul Pogba and Nemanja Matic are set to leave this summer, leaving a void to be filled in central midfield, but signing a player of De Jong’s calibre will bring an obvious improvement to Ten Hag’s current options. Alternatively, there has been speculation suggesting United could revive their interest in West Ham captain Declan Rice. However, the England international’s £100m asking price means it would be an expensive and complex deal to agree, when there are potentially more suitable targets to Ten Hag’s liking.