Birmingham Cathedral said it was 'very sorry' to anyone who has been offended and vowed to check 'future decorations are correct' before they are displayed. Security workers on Temple Row, pointed out the Union flag bunting around the churchyard of Birmingham Cathedral had been displayed the wrong way. Traditionally, the national flag must be flown the correct way up with the wider diagonal white stripe above the red diagonal stripe in the half nearest to the flag pole. The bunting, which was put up in Colmore Row by the local community, appears to be upside down on the gates to the churchyard. The workers, Ziggy Majid and Lynn Thomas, said: "I think with a very important occasion upon as, being the Queens Platinum Jubilee, the one thing that needs to be pointed out is the flag display around St Phillips Cathedral in Cathedral Square, Colmore Row Birmingham, our national flag should be displayed the correct way, not upside down." It is believed this is due to a manufacturing issue, with the string attached to the wrong side for hanging, Birmingham Live reports. A spokeswoman for the Cathedral said: "We are grateful to the local community who kindly put Union flag bunting up in our churchyard ahead of the Jubilee celebrations this week. Thousands of people pass by the cathedral everyday, and we always aim to make our surroundings as welcoming as possible. "We are very sorry to anyone who has been offended by the flags on the bunting being the incorrect way round on this occasion. We will certainly check that any future decorations put up by the cathedral and the community are correct before being put up."  The weekend is set to see one the of largest celebrations in recent history with street parties and gatherings planned across the nation. Up to 15 million people are thought to be planning an event with neighbours across roads, streets and cul-de-sacs around the nation. However, despite the festive occasion, some local councils have issued warnings about bunting being hung at all - let alone the right way up. One local authority stated residents should avoid placing bunting in the streets between lampposts and electric poles over concerns the strings “could cause damage to our dustcarts, light poles and vehicles.” Emergency services have also warned streets must be readily accessible in the event of an emergency, with unauthorised parties potentially causing an obstruction to police, fire and ambulance units. Conservative MP Richard Holden, a parliamentary private secretary to the department of digital, culture, media and sport, said: “The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee marks a unique moment in our nation’s history that families in cities, towns and villages across Britain are looking forward to joining together in celebrating. The idea that bolshy bureaucrats are tying people up in red tape to prevent these celebrations is contemptible. “Councils should immediately clear the way to let these historic national celebrations go ahead so that friends and families can celebrate together this weekend.”   