The Eurovision Song Contest 2022 will be kicking off this week in Turin, Italy following the country’s win with rock band Måneskin and their song Zitti e buoni last year. Representing the UK in 2022 will be musician Sam Ryder with his bouncy pop song Spaceman - but what’s the meaning behind his jaunty track? Express.co.uk takes a look at the poignant meaning behind the Eurovision entry. Spaceman imagines what it’s like to be an astronaut blasting into space and how the world would look like. The song starts off: “If I was an astronaut, I‘d be floating in mid-air/And a broken heart would just belong, to someone else down there.” His song reflects positivity which the artist continues to exude his upbeat look on life. The line “Gravity keeps pulling me down” and “Been down some black holes” taps into the more negative things in life causing sadness. READ MORE: Eurovision rules: Why are the Big Five not in the semi-finals? However, Ryder counteracts this with: “I‘m up in space, man!/Up in space, man!” as the song channels good vibes. Spaceman has been described as “storytelling refracted through a universal lens”. The song has garnered positive comparisons to Sir Elton John thanks to its upbeat sound. He co-wrote the track with Grammy-winning song writer Amy Wadge who worked on Ed Sheeran’s Thinking Out Loud album as well as Max Wolfgang. READ MORE: Why is Mika hosting Eurovision? Star speaks out The Essex singer first shot to fame during the coronavirus lockdown in 2020 when he posted music to social media platform TikTok. During a time when the world was plunged into darkness, Ryder found light and started producing covers of pop songs. Ryder covered tracks by Sia, Alicia Keys and Justin Bieber, among others. Acclaimed American singer Keys even commented on Ryder’s cover of her hit If I Ain’t Got You, thrusting the British star into the spotlight.  Keys remarked how the song was even hard for her to perform and yet Ryder was “killing it” with his version. Along with covers, Ryder started to write and record original songs, continuing to channel his positivity during the pandemic. Ryder also released the viral hit Whirlwind which helped his rise to prominence. He released his EP The Sun’s Gonna Rise which became a global smash and racked up over 100 million streams as well as 18 million followers across Ryder’s social media platforms. DON'T MISS...Billy Connolly admits he ‘suffers badly’ in rare TV appearance [VIDEO]Ozark season 4 ending: Fans expose real reason Mel didn't go to police [ANALYSIS]Lorraine staggered by Andrew's 'fat cow' comment to ex Sarah [INSIGHT]  Speaking to wiwibloggs after his second Eurovision rehearsal, Ryder reflected on his natural positivity, saying: “Just being around good friends, people all the time, having good support systems. These things are of course really easier said than done. “But you get what you put out. I think you attract friends and connections in your life that are similar to the energy that you transmit. I think that’s important.” He also told viewers to listen to “a lot” of Stevie Wonder, saying “that man is an embodiment of love and kindness and acceptance and joy”. Ryder has been busy rehearsing ahead of the final when his staging will see him in the middle of a sci-fi extravaganza, with the star admitting he was passionate about the genre. The Eurovision Song Contest 2022 semi-finals will be airing on BBC Three on Tuesday and Thursday at 8pm. The Eurovision Song Contest grand final will air on BBC One on Saturday, May 14 at 8pm