Bargain Hunt is a staple on daytime television with the BBC airing episodes daily for viewers, who can’t get enough of amateurs on the search for precious items to sell at auction for a profit. The show, which has been on the air since 2000, continues to go strong with a whole host of presenters and antique experts who help the contestants on their quest for valuables. Among them is Christina Trevanion, Eric Knowles, Natasha Raskin Sharp, Anita Manning, and Charlie Ross. Viewers are keen to learn more about Ross and his net worth. Ross is not only a Bargain Hunt presenter but has also run his own auction house in Woburn, Milton Keynes for over 25 years. He has carried out a variety of auctions including everything from antiques to vintage cars to residential properties and even intellectual property. Along with hosting on Bargain Hunt, he has also appeared on Antiques Road Trip and Chasing Classic Cars. Ross continues to serve as a guest auctioneer at Bainbridges in Ruislip as well as Hansons in Derby. READ MORE: What is Bargain Hunt expert Christina Trevanion's nationality? His work as an auctioneer and a television presenter would have contributed to his wealth. British auction houses are said to make around 50 percent out of the deal between a buyer and a seller for fine art such as paintings, according to British Arts. While jobs site Indeed states an auctioneer often charges a commission for the gross sale of an item with between 10 percent and 15 percent being typical in the industry. Auctioneers are also in line to make bonuses, while others set a commission rate and a minimum fee and may take whichever one is the higher amount depending on the situation. READ MORE: Eric Knowles nationality: What is Bargain Hunt expert's nationality? Auctioneers can also charge an hourly rate for their services or a flat fee from the start, so this will also affect wealth. Those working for an auction house or an organisation may receive a fixed salary and a regular pay check. The auction industry can be a lucrative one depending on the type of items with antiques and rare objects bringing in large amounts of money. Ross is a freelance auctioneer and is likely to earn different sums from various auctions. During his career, Ross has broken countless world auction records and in one year held over 80 auctions across the globe, which grossed in excess of an estimated £158,000,000 ($200,000,000). In 2020, Ross auctioned off a 1934 Bugatti Type 59 Sports for over £9.5 million and a 1937 Bugatti Type 57S Atalante for over £7.8 million at the Gooding and Company 'Passion of a Lifetime' auction, held at Hampton Court Palace. The site charlieross-auctioneer.co.uk describes the star as having a passion for all his lots “from the local charity pot of marmalade to the most exotic Ferrari”. According to Antique TV Shows, Ross’ net worth is an estimated £793,000 ($1,000,000), however, Viral Net Worth places his value at an estimated £18,000,000 ($23,000,000). Given his extensive career in the auction trade and his vast experience, the latter figure is likely to be closer to his net worth. DON'T MISS...BBC Breakfast's 'out of touch' Platinum Jubilee coverage sparks uproar [VIEWER REACTION]'I don't care' Jane McDonald opens up on appearance concerns [INTERVIEW]The Last Kingdom's Eliza Butterworth on co-star Alexander Dreymon [INSIGHT] When Ross isn’t knocking the gavel commercially or appearing on television, he is a philanthropist and has held many charity auctions. His charity auctions have raised funds for The Prince’s Trust. Cancer Research UK, the NSPCC and GOSH, among many others. The star has also been appointed the president of the Oxford Operatic Society, a local musical theatre group. Reflecting on how he embarked on a career in antiquities, Ross said: “By chance, and then really being taken in by the history of the objects, particularly the furniture.” He was approached by one of the team to join the show and the rest is history. The antiques expert said Bargain Hunt was a like a “family” and he found it “very exciting.” Ross went on to tell the BBC: “I really enjoy visiting the different venues and meeting such a diverse and interesting selection of people.” Bargain Hunt airs on BBC One daily at 12.15pm