Presenter Dan Walker revealed he would be leaving BBC Breakfast earlier this year after seven years on the show. He confirmed he was moving to rival broadcaster Channel 5 for new and exciting opportunities but didn't give viewers a date of when he would be joining the team. It has now been confirmed Dan will be back on viewers' screens on Monday, June 5, as he took to his Twitter to announce his arrival. Dan made the announcement today on Jeremy Vine, the channel’s flagship daily news programme. As well as 5 News anchor, Dan’s role will include fronting a range of brand-new non-news programming for Channel 5. He also tweeted a video of himself alongside co-star Claudia Liza-Vanderpujie where he exclaimed: "It is great to be joining Channel 5. "News is never about who sits in the chair, it's the stories that matter most from a team you can trust!" READ MORE: Lucy Pargeter age: How old is Emmerdale's Chas Dingle star? The video was captioned: "Here we go. See you next Monday at 5, on 5." In a statement released by Channel 5, it read: "The arrival of Dan Walker on the channel continues the evolution of the news on Channel 5. "With up to 5.2 million viewers tuning in every week, 5 News plays an important part in the UK's media landscape. "5 News provides a unique perspective on the day's stories, delivering a greater depth of analysis to a teatime audience from around the UK." 5 News was re-launched in November and was welcomed by viewers for its "original journalism" with a strong regional focus. Dan's arrival to the show see's him replace Dr Sian Williams, who was the lead anchor from 2016 and announced in March that she would be stepping down from daily news presenting to take up more wide-ranging opportunities. Excited to see Dan back on their screens, fans took to social media to express their love and excitement. @c_newman2010 commented: "Good luck with the launch, hoping beyond hope that it truly is different rather than more of the same, refreshingly different and balanced is what required.#NewsNotViews." DON'T MISS...Dan Walker's father-in-law unimpressed at Champions League final [INSIGHT]Dan Walker addresses BBC return following move to Channel 5 [LATEST]'Was cast out' Dan Walker says he was branded 'security risk' [MORE] DaveyWhizzBang praised: "Good luck, Daniel and Claudia." @Jane_Potters added: "Oh, how I have missed you in the mornings! I know I have to wait until the evening, but I can't wait to see what you bring to the show!" @Raymond_Howie88 said: "Welcome, Mr Walker, we are so very glad to have you here @Channel5." When he announced his departure from BBC Breakfast, he said: "In a nutshell… a bloke with a really good job, which he loved, got offered a really good job somewhere else which provided an amazing new challenge and the opportunity to make some exciting telly. "The bloke explained to his current employers that, even though it was a tough decision, he had decided to leave. They are now trying their best to allow him to make a dignified departure. Have a lovely Monday. I'm off to have some toast." In a separate statement, he added: "I'm really excited, but this has also been a massive decision for me because I love BBC Breakfast, I love working alongside Sally, and I love the team there. "But Channel 5 came with big ambitions, with big plans. And I don't think opportunities like this come around very often. And I can't wait. "I've also had the incredible privilege of working on some iconic programmes over the last few years, both at the BBC and elsewhere, and what I love about this deal is I not only get to present the news but also host a whole range of new programmes right across the channel." 5 News airs everyday from 5pm on Channel 5.