Boris Johnson wants up to 2.5 million tenants to be given the right to buy the homes they rent from their housing associations. This would mean a major shake-up to the current system in plans that are reminiscent of the Thatcher scheme. In the run up to the local elections on Thursday May 5, details have emerged the Conservative Party could be about to announce a new scheme giving Britons the right to buy their rented homes. Proposals would mean 2.5 million tenants in England who rent properties from housing associations would be able to buy their homes at a reduced price. It’s not the first time people have been encouraged to buy their rented properties - a similar scheme was brought in for council tenants by Margaret Thatcher. In addition, billions of pounds paid by the Government in housing benefit could be used to help recipients secure mortgages. READ MORE: Saving money: 10 ways to save hundreds of pounds in May A Government source said Boris Johnson has been considering the plans for a number of weeks. They told the Telegraph: “The Prime Minister has got very excited about this. It could be hugely significant. “In many ways it is a direct replica of the great Maggie idea of ‘buy your own council flat’. “It is buy your own housing association flat.” DON'T MISS:Nationwide increases interest rates on savings accounts [UPDATE]State pension alert as many ‘fearful’ sum will be axed altogether [WARNING]State pension may be received early with payment today - why? [ALERT] However, not everyone thinks it's a good idea. Polly Neate, chief executive of Shelter, said it could do more harm than good. She said: “The hare-brained idea of extending Right-to-Buy to housing associations is the opposite of what the country needs. "There could not be a worse time to sell off what remains of our last truly affordable social homes."  She continued: “The living cost crisis means more people are on the brink of homelessness than homeownership – nearly 34,000 households in England became homeless between October and December last year, more than 8,000 of them were families with children. “Right to Buy has already torn a massive hole in our social housing stock as less than five percent of the homes sold off have ever been replaced. "These half-baked plans have been tried before and they’ve failed. "Over one million households are stuck on social housing waiting lists in England, and with every bill skyrocketing, the government should be building more social homes so we have more not less.”  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Meanwhile, millions of people are still waiting for their £150 council tax rebate. Chancellor Rishi Sunak promised it would be in peoples’ bank accounts from April but although some councils have paid out, other residents are still waiting. The £150 rebate could be a lifeline to millions of Britons right now who are struggling to survive the cost of living crisis. The Local Government Association reassured people that it is processing payments as quickly as it can and has blamed delays on new software and essential fraud checks. 