Anthony Joshua has revealed that he plans to go back to basics and aim for the knockout in his rematch against Oleksandr Usyk. Last September, the Brit relinquished all his coveted belts from the Ukranian after a stunned crowd at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium watched him comfortably lose on points. The 32-year-old was criticised for his gameplan that night, as he looked to outbox and outmanoeuvre his opponent. Now the Watford-born boxer intends to be more aggressive and will look to knock Uysk out when they step in the ring once again. Speaking at the Oxford Union to The Sun, AJ, 32, revealed: “The fight with Usyk, in my mind, was going for 12 rounds. That was my game plan because I thought I could compete with him as a boxer. "And I think he won two more rounds than I did. That's how he became champion. So the goal now is to go back to basics and go for the knockout.” JUST IN: Anthony Joshua plan Oleksandr Usyk rematch boxing news   For the rematch, AJ appears to have put his trust in unproven assistant coach Angel Fernandez with head-trainer duties and given him the task of stripping him back to his old KO-artist prime. “I always feel, when I'm sparring or fighting people, I actually see their spirit get dampened," he added. “Honestly, when you're looking at this person directly in their eyes and watching their body, you can read the body and punch after punch this person is slowly fading. Now when you're boxing, the art of boxing is to hit and not get hit. So you're kind of boxing to stay away. That's not really my style. "My style is to be up close and personal and make it difficult for the person. So that's the game plan.” AJ also had his say on Tyson Fury’s recent retirement statements, and encouraged him to honour their ‘gentleman's agreement’. DON'T MISS  The pair had been expected to meet in the ring last summer and they even came to a verbal agreement to stage the fight, but it fell through after Fury was contractually obliged to have a trilogy fight with Deontay Wilder. “If Fury in the boxing arena, was to come out of retirement and honour the gentleman’s agreement, there’s a lot of money to be made.” Joshua said. “I feel like retirement doesn’t mean that you’ve completely given up and you’re on the beach clicking your phone drinking a bottle of Corona. I feel he’s still ticking over and he’ll come back if the right fight is presented to him.” 