Rio Ferdinand was left stunned after Michael Owen claimed Liverpool are still the best team in Europe and the team to beat - despite losing the Champions League final to Real Madrid. The Reds' treble dreams ended after Vinicius Jr tapped home from close range to give Real Madrid the win. Despite Liverpool's poor showing in the final, Owen declared Jurgen Klopp's side are still the team to beat in Europe, and insisted they're the best team in Europe. But Ferdinand took issue with that comment, and said it was disrespectful to the newly-crowned Madrid. Speaking in the immediate aftermath of the game, Owen was asked if he believes the defeat will change how Klopp approaches big games. But the former striker replied: "I don't think it'll change much about how [Klopp] will approach the game, that just happens sometimes. I still think they're the best team in Europe, I really do. On other occasions they'd be getting their name etched in the trophy. That comment seemed to raise a few eyebrows, with Ferdinand immediately interjecting and saying: "How can you say they're the best team in Europe? They've just lost the league and the Champions League final." Owen then attempted to explain himself by saying Liverpool are still the most feared team in Europe. He said: "The season they've had, I still think they're the team to beat. Real Madrid have got past them today, but you know as well as anyone that a one-off game is a one-off game. I still think they're the most fearsome team in Europe and they've not got any of the big two trophies to show for it, that'll be the biggest pill to swallow." Ferdinand again took issue with Owen's comment, and explained that Liverpool cannot be considered among the best due to the fact they missed out on both the Premier League and Champions League. He declared: "I don't think they're the best team in Europe, I think you've got to win the biggest trophies to be considered the best. They're an unbelievably exciting team, the points tally they've got in the league, the consistency in which they've played, they've competed in every single game available to them, but you've got to get your hands on the big trophies to be called outright the best team in Europe. "I don't think they'll be considered that and it would be disrespectful to Real Madrid to say that. They've just beaten all our top three teams in our league, they've got rid of them and got their hands on that trophy." Madrid beat Manchester City and Chelsea on their way to the final, but Owen believes the nature of those two wins suggests they cannot be considered the best team in Europe - despite winning the competition. He said: "If you want to qualify who is the best team in Europe then yeah they've got the trophy, but can you watch the two games against Man City and say 'yeah they're the better team'? Can you say the same against Chelsea? "Possibly today they've ground it out, but just cos you win the trophy I think there's a lot more to be said over who is the best team. Nobody is taking away from how they've won this trophy, it's phenomenal." Ferdinand replied: "They've not won the league though. If they'd won the league I could understand, but if they haven't won the league and they haven't won this, I don't think they can be in the shake-up to be the best team in the world right now."