Appearing on Sky News earlier this morning, Godfrey and Janet Ward from Wigan shared their predicament which has only worsened in light of the cost of living crisis. The retired couple have worked hard to own their home but have found in their later years they are unable to pay energy bills or urgent repairs with their pension pots. They have turned to a neighbour for support as a broken boiler has left them without heating or hot water. With their pensions not going far enough to address the rise in the cost of living, the Wards cannot pay the £2,000 repair bill for their boiler. On their neighbour’s support, Ms Ward said: “She has a shower and a bath. She’s told me I can go anytime but you don’t like troubling them.” As a result, the couple only keep one room warm with an electric fan heater which still remains expensive to run. The dire situation has led to Janet contracting pneumonia twice which has only exacerbated the couple’s ordeal. READ MORE: Woman, 88, in tears after losing £36,000 savings - after 'scrimping' for 50 years With energy bills rising, Godrey and his wife are unsure whether they will be able to continue living under these current circumstances. Mr Ward explained: “We’ve had two bad winters and we’ve got through it. But like Janet says, I don’t think we’ll survive another one. “Money is the main thing. I don’t like asking for things. If I can’t afford it, forget it. I think it will be a (care) home for us both, but we don’t want that.” Godfrey and Janet attend a weekly lunch club managed by Age UK, a charity dedicated to helping older people in the UK who are struggling financially.  At this lunch, the couple are able to get warm and have a hot meal which has become vital as their weekly food shop is getting more expensive. The impact of inflation on food prices has meant the weekly lunch club has become a lifeline for Godfrey and Janet. Discussing how this has impacted them, Mr Ward said: “We only have one more meal (in the day) and that’s at tea time. Explaining how they would not be able to survive without each other, Ms Ward added: “We’re trying our best to cope. It’s not easy.” Last month, the energy price cap was raised by Ofgem which means bills are expected to go up by £693 for the average household this year. The Ofgem has confirmed it will be updating consumers' quartet regarding the price cap instead of the traditional six-month gap. This means households could expect to hear about further increases to their energy bills in the near future. Many experts believe this is likely due to a multitude of factors, including the war in Ukraine and external pressures on the wholesale gas and electricity market.  Food prices in the UK have been hiked dramatically as a result of inflation, which currently stands at seven percent. Tomorrow, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) is expected to raise this even further to at least eight percent. Yesterday, the Bank of England’s Governor Andrew Bailey warned food prices were likely to reach an “apocalyptic” level with the financial institution being unable to mitigate the worst of the damage caused by inflation. The Government has promised to announce further support for the country’s most vulnerable people, which will likely include assistance for pensioners like the Wards. Express.co.uk has contacted the DWP asking for comment. 