Renting a car is a great way to explore a holiday destination. However, prices have surged since the pandemic and Britons could have to pay a heavy fee for a car.  Despite the surging prices, there are a few things British tourists can do to avoid getting caught out by common car rental scams. Sarah Tooze, consumer editor at Desperate Seller told Express.co.uk: “There can be an extra fee for returning the car without a full tank of fuel. “These fees can be exorbitant. Save yourself money by making sure that you return the car with a full tank if that’s what’s set out in your rental agreement.” Britons should try to fill up their rental car at a nearby petrol station before returning it to the dealer. READ MORE: How to apply for your GHIC - a step-by-step guide Sarah added: “A GPS upgrade can cost more than a new GPS. Many car rental companies will try to upsell you on a GPS system. “Unless you’re planning on doing a lot of driving in unfamiliar territory, just say no! You can easily find your way around with a map or your smartphone.” Before using their smartphone, British tourists should check if they will be charged roaming fees. Since the UK left the EU, some British mobile users will need to pay around £2 a day to use the internet abroad. Sarah said: “A classic car rental scam. The car you reserved may not be the one you end up driving. “Tourists are vulnerable, arriving tired from a flight in unfamiliar territory. If the car retinal agency tries to give you a different car, make sure it's the same model and the class as the one you reserved. “If not, don’t take it!” The car rental company should give tourists a discount if the car they ordered is no longer available. Sarah added: “A sky-high bill for a minor accident is unfortunately all too common at car rental companies. “You’ve had a minor accident and the rental car company tries to charge you an excessive amount for damages. “You can avoid this by getting your own insurance policy covering rental cars. If you do have an accident, you can file a claim with your own insurer.” British tourists should try to check their car insurance policy before renting a car abroad as it may offer a better deal. Sarah said one way for rental companies to make “extra money” is to sell tourists excess insurance. She said: “The problem is that this insurance is often exorbitantly priced and not worth the money. “Get your own excess insurance before travelling for as little as a few pounds per day.” Sorting their own excess insurance will nearly always be cheaper for British tourists than using the car rental company.