New research has suggested that drivers are still unaware of MOT rules, as almost one in five believe there is a grace period after an MOT lapses. Some believe that a motorist can drive for as long as three weeks after the expiry date of an MOT. The percentage of motorists who admitted to missing a renewal was even higher, with more than a quarter of respondents stating that they had previously allowed an MOT to expire. This amounts to as many as 7.9 million vehicles that could be missing their annual deadline. Ryan Fulthorpe, motoring expert at GoCompare, warned drivers of the consequences they face if they do not pay attention to the expiry date of their MOT. He told Express.co.uk: “The worrying finding from this research is that almost one in five drivers believe that there is a grace period where they can drive their car, despite the MOT having lapsed - which is not the case. READ MORE: Loophole allows dodgy dealers to sell deathtrap cars https://www.gocompare.com/ “In fact, after its expiry, the only time it is suitable to drive a car is to travel to the MOT centre to renew a certificate or to take the vehicle to be repaired. “Motorists risk up to a £1,000 fine for driving a car without a valid MOT. “Drivers are expected to be responsible for the legal commitments that come with owning a car.” The research also found that motorists who own four or more cars are the least likely to be aware of this MOT rule. DON'T MISSParking nightmare as ‘every single car’ on street is ticketed [SHOCKING]Driver who refused parking fine as it was in English wins court fight [INSIGHT]Electric car popularity may see shipping fires spike - 'catastrophic' [WARNING] One third of motorists with this many vehicles believe there is a grace period after an MOT expires. Alfa Romeo drivers were found to miss the renewal date most often with 42.9 percent of owners likely to allow their MOT to run out. Fiat drivers, on the other hand, were the most prepared, with only 20 percent of owners saying they haven’t made it to the garage in time. Mr Fulthorpe also highlighted how drivers must be especially aware of MOT tests, as they will not be warned in advance when it runs out. He added: “Other important events, such as tax expiry, will be communicated with motorists, but MOT expiry is something that drivers must keep track of themselves. “Motorists can renew an MOT up to a month before its expiry, but you cannot drive a vehicle past this date unless you are taking it to be fixed or to a pre-arranged MOT test. “An MOT is of critical importance to ensure that your car is safe in order to protect yourself and other road users.” This comes after Boris Johnson and Grant Shapps proposed changing the rules for MOTs to only require drivers to renew every two years. It was believed that this was a way for drivers to save money during the cost of living crisis which is causing millions across the country to struggle to pay household bills. Number 10 said the Prime Minister wanted to explore “innovative ways” to ease the crisis, with proposals being sent to the Government’s domestic and economic strategy committee for further discussion. Every vehicle that is three-years-old or over must have a current MOT certificate, which drivers must renew once a year. The maximum cost of an MOT for a car is £54.85, while road users need to pay £29.65 for an MOT test for a standard motorcycle. Many on social media, however, pointed out that the potential change to having biennial MOTs would save drivers just £27.43 per year.