Mr Blackford appeared on ITV Peston which aired on Wednesday evening to discuss the impending local elections today. He suggested that the Scottish government might not publish legal advice on whether they can hold an Independence Referendum without the UK Government’s approval.  According to the reports, Nicola Sturgeon will “carefully” consider releasing legal advice around a second independence referendum, despite being ordered to publish documents following a ruling by the information commissioner. The First Minister’s comments came as the SNP leader gave another indication that a push for a vote could end up in a legal battle in the courts. With campaigning ahead of the local elections on Thursday continuing to ramp up, opposition parties called for clarity around whether the Scottish Government would publish the legal advice as ordered to do so. Speaking about the matter, Mr Blackford said: “You know that the Government does not publish that kind of legal advice.  “Information Commission has led down a challenge to us, the First Minister will respond to that. “But the real question over this - Is Boris Johnson and the Conservative Government going to respect democracy and respect the right of the people of Scotland to give that referendum without the UK Government’s approval?” Scotland’s First Minister, who was heavily involved in campaigning for Scotland to leave the UK in the first referendum, has said a rerun is a matter of “when – not if” and this weekend reaffirmed her commitment to push for a second vote by the end of 2023. She believes the issue of Scottish independence remains at the fore of political debate in Scotland and believes the majority of Scots are in favour of leaving the Union.  READ MORE: UK's doomsday plan with bunker to protect 'continuity Government' But Boris Johnson is opposed to holding a second referendum, dubbed IndyRef2, and has repeatedly told Ms Sturgeon he will not grant her another vote. The Scottish National Party (SNP), whose main aim is independence, won a majority in Holyrood in the 2011 Scottish Parliamentary Election. They claimed that their electoral success showed widespread support for a referendum. In response, the then-Prime Minister, David Cameron, agreed that a Scottish independence referendum could take place in 2014.  DON'T MISS:UK and Japan set to rapidly accelerate defenceDan Wootton roasts Ken Livingstone over past commentsRoyal Family LIVE: 'Can't afford misstep' Walden warns Harry