Western countries are keeping up their support of Ukraine in the form of lethal aid. Prime Minister Boris Johnson recently pledged a further £300million worth of weapons to Ukraine while addressing the country's parliament earlier this month. Last month, US President Joe Biden also announced Washington will provide $800million (£613million) in new arms supplies to Ukraine. The weapons sent have played a big role in the country's surprisingly successful defence, with anti-tank weapons proving crucial in holding back the invading force. But Russia has already begun a campaign of air-striking the flow of supplies once they enter Ukraine. Dr Neil Melvin, Director of International Security Studies at the Royal United Services Institute, tells Express.co.uk, that these airstrikes could later drop on NATO territory if Russia gets more desperate. He explained: "There is of course this escalation concern, that the war between Ukraine and Russia could escalate into a wider conflict. "NATO has been very clear in essentially applying what were the Cold War rules between the Soviet Union and the US – that the bottom line is you don't fight each other's troops directly. "So NATO has said it won't have its troops inside Ukraine and they have even tried to avoid grey areas like no fly zones. "These are the established rules of the game, but we don't know if the Russians are also understanding these rules in the same way. They have gradually increased their efforts to try and strike NATO supplies coming into Ukraine. "At the moment they are only striking those supplies inside Ukraine, there is some concern that, especially if Russia starts to lose the war, that Russians will become more desperate and try to hit the supply lines inside NATO territory. It could be bases in Poland for example. "That's certainly a risk. At the moment it has been managed well but we will have to see how the war evolves." READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: 'Apologise' Chechen warlord threatens EU country Earlier in May Moscow stepped up its strikes on supply lines, but Washington insisted that its aid for Ukraine was largely unimpeded. The Pentagon spokesperson, John Kirby, noted that Russian forces do not have a good record of hitting their targets. He said: “I would just remind you that their ability to target with precision has been less than advertised throughout this entire war. They are not good at precision strikes. “The flow into the region continues at an incredible pace, and the flow of materials from the region into Ukraine also continues every single day. "Those weapons, those systems, are getting into Ukrainian hands.” Having initially targeted the capital Kyiv, Russia has since focused its efforts on the south and east of Ukraine – cutting the country off from the Black Sea and trying to take control of the Donbas and Luhansk regions. DON'T MISSRussia expert lets mask slip as he admits Ukraine forces 'very strong' [INSIGHT]Russia claims UK on 'brink of cannibalism' as Brits brace 'starvation' [ANALYSIS]Putin abandons bodies of 'cannon fodder' conscripts in Ukraine [INSIGHT] Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has warned the Donbas could be left "uninhabitable" as Russian strikes continue, also accusing Moscow of "genocide". Mr Zelensky said: “They want to burn the Donbas – to make it uninhabitable.” He also said the EU was failing to act decisively on sanctions, as a sixth package of measures has been blocked – most notably by Hungary. Yesterday, Mr Zelensky urged the West to provide his country with more weapons. He said: “We need the help of our partners - above all, weapons for Ukraine. Full help, without exceptions, without limits, enough to win." The suffering and loss of the war has been laid bare by new United Nations (UN) figures, which says 8,691 civilians have become casualties of the war. This includes at least 3,998 civilians killed and at least 4,693 wounded. The numbers cover the period between February 24, when the invasion began, through to May 25.