In a world of county line drug gangs and online sexual grooming, the junior representatives from more than 300 UK constituencies will hear from experts in these fields. Ex-Greater Manchester Police detective Maggie Oliver, who fought for scores of vulnerable girls raped by Pakistani-heritage men in Rochdale and other northern towns, will speak to the online chamber on May 26, joined by reformed drug gang leader and knife criminal Lennox Rodgers. Ms Oliver, who runs the Maggie Oliver Foundation for abuse victims, said: "The consequences of grooming last a lifetime. We must equip young people with questioning minds...why is a person being nice to them, showering compliments or gifts? "Does this feel like a 'normal' friendship? We need to make them feel safe to have an open dialogue with trusted adults in their lives." Mr Rodgers added: "I teach how to be safe through awareness, education and the law. Using role play, breaking down the process children may go through to be tempted by money, trainers, food, jewellery ...they need to be able to spot the signs." In association with the Daily Express, the next Wakelet Microsoft 365 Sir David Amess National Children's Parliament is looking for 650 seven to 11-year-old would-be MPs. Last year's inaugural event was just weeks after Sir David was murdered in his SouthendWest seat.   Children have been matched to MPs and their constituencies. The latest to sign up is Isaac Southall, nine, who will match Sir Graham Brady in his Altrincham and Sale West constituency. Other MPs include Foreign Secretary Liz Truss, Health Secretary Sajid Javid, Jeremy Hunt and former Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn.  Last year, Britain matched 276 children to MPs and broke Malaysia's world record 220 link-ups. Ex-Brexit secretary David Davis MP stepped in for Sir David last year and is staying involved. Gary Jones, Editor-in-Chief of the Daily Express, is chairman of the advisory board of the Children's Parliament. Register at wakelet.com/@childrensparliament 