 Djokovic, 35, kicks off his French Open title defence against Yoshihito Nishioka at Roland Garros today. The World No 1 takes on his Japanese opponent, ranked 94th in the world, at around 7:45pm UK time. The winner of the first-round match will play either Alex Molcan or Federico Coria in the second round. Djokovic is the top seed at this year’s French Open and the star has appeared to be in peak form ahead of today’s clash. A softening of France’s Covid regulations means that unvaccinated Djokovic is able to enter France and defend his French Open Crown. But in February Djokovic admitted that he would rather miss major tournaments like the Open than be forced to get the jab. Speaking to the BBC’s Amol Rajan, the star gave his first interview after being detained in Melbourne. He said missing Slams like the French Open and Wimbledon are “the price that I'm willing to pay” if it means he does not have to be vaccinated.   He claimed the “principles of decision-making” for his body were more important than any sporting achievements. Djokovic added that he carefully reviews anything that he puts into his body, whether that be vaccines, supplements or sports drinks. The star was clarifying his position after he was labelled an “anti-vaxxer” in April 2020 over comments he made about Covid jabs. The World No 1 made the remarks as he spoke to fellow Serbian athletes during a live Facebook chat.  DON'T MISS: Novak Djokovic 'sullied' Australian Open as fans left bitterly 'disappointed' [LATEST]Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal's tense exchange on Grand Slam record: 'Not obsessed!' [INSIGHT]Daniil Medvedev escalated 'ridiculous' feud with rival: 'Can't take him seriously' [ANALYSIS] He said: “Personally I am opposed to vaccination, and I wouldn’t want to be forced by someone to take a vaccine in order to be able to travel. “But if it becomes compulsory, what will happen? I will have to make a decision. “I have my own thoughts about the matter and whether those thoughts will change at some point, I don’t know. “Hypothetically, if the season were to resume in July, August or September, though unlikely, I understand that a vaccine will become a requirement straight after we are out of strict quarantine and there is no vaccine yet.”  But despite those earlier comments, Djokovic denied in his BBC interview that he was an anti-vaxxer. He said: “I was never against vaccination” and also confirmed that he had been vaccinated as a child. He added: “I've always supported the freedom to choose what you put in your body.” The tennis ace also appeared to be aware of the need to control Covid with vaccines and other measures. He said: “I understand that globally, everyone is trying to put a big effort into handling this virus and seeing, hopefully, an end soon to this virus.” Djokovic vs Nishioka will be shown on Eurosport 1 HD and is available to live stream on discovery+. 