Researchers have made marked progress against several cancers, sending a large number of cases into remission. The pandemic, however, has threatened to stall the progress of survival rates. As health bodies scramble to get back on course with screening services, the need for raised awareness of symptoms is becoming increasingly apparent. Changes in perspiration could be among the key signs that an underlying lung tumour is spreading. Lung cancer remains the world’s deadliest cancer, despite benefitting from improved treatment options. Cancer.org explains: “Lung cancer is by far the leading cause of cancer death, making up almost 25 percent of all cancer deaths. “Each year, more people die of lung cancer than of colon, breast and prostate cancers combined.” As lungs are an internal organ, they cannot be externally examined, and symptoms only occur once the cancer has advanced, according to The National Foundation for Cancer Research. READ MORE: Lung cancer: Have you had a new cough for longer than two weeks? That is a sign This makes early detection difficult and leaves most cases diagnosed at the metastatic stage when treatment is less likely to succeed. When signs of the disease start to appear, they can include a chronic, hacking, raspy cough, that is sometimes accompanied by mucus with blood in it. The Health platform Arizona Oncology details an extensive list of other symptoms that are seemingly unrelated to the organ. One cancer-related complication is Horner syndrome - which affects the face and eye on one side of the body. The ailment is caused by a disruption of a nerve pathway leading from the brain to the head and neck. An entry on Arizona Oncology's website reads: “Also caused by Pancoast tumours, Horner Syndrome is caused when the tumours affect the nerves leading to the eye or face. “Symptoms include drooping or weakness of one eyelid, small pupils, reduced or absent sweating on the same side of the face as the affected eye.” Excessive sweating is a symptom of many types of cancer, and lung cancer is no exception. It is usually caused by marked changes in hormone levels, which are perturbed by cancer itself or the treatment for the disease. It is unclear why some types of cancer cause patients to sweat exclusively at night, but experts hypothesise it may be a side effect of the body fighting off the disease. There is evidence, however, that when night sweats are caused by cancer, other symptoms are likely to occur. When changes in sweating patterns are caused by Horner's disease, patients may also notice the iris colour of the affected eye differs slightly from the unaffected eye; it is generally lighter.