With summer fast approaching motorists will start looking for heatwave getaways. However, not being familiar with the locations drivers plan to visit may have some disadvantages. One motorist has found out about it the hard way. A tourist visiting Borth Y Gest in Gwynedd, North Wales decided to beat the parking queues by parking in a nearby harbour. The visitor ignored the advice of the locals and drove into the harbour in Borth y Gest just before high tide. A witness told Daily Post that the holidaymaker drove down the slipway into the harbour just before seawater started to rise. Another witness joked: "Sadly he'd not heard that both time and tide wait for no man." READ MORE: Furious mum hits out at neighbour who keeps blocking her driveway Within a few minutes of the car being parked, a crowd of onlookers gathered to watch the car getting submerged. In the end, it only took 15 minutes for the car to become engulfed by the water. The car was later saved by a local tractor driver who towed the vehicle away. No one was hurt in the incident. DON'T MISS 'Another tax on the motorist': Drivers furious at 20mph speed cameras [INSIGHT] Drivers plead for UK 'van plan' to move millions to electric vehicles [REVEAL] Classic car industry needs to change or 'risk decline', experts warn [WARNING] The news comes just after another bizarre occurrence took place in Scotland. A campervan plummeted 100ft from Glencoe car park earlier this week. The National Trust for Scotland (NTS) shared a shocking image showing an overturned campervan laying in the middle of one of the valleys. The vehicle rolled off the edge of the nearby Three Sisters viewpoint car park. The campervan caused “considerable” damage, according to the Daily Record. And now, the NTS, which has looked after the Glencoe National Nature Reserve since 1935, issued an urgent handbrake warning to tourists. Taking to social media the trust said: “Something you don't encounter every day... "Always double-check your handbrake (though this may have been a faulty one)." The organisation also confirmed that no one was injured in the incident. But, the vehicle did cause some serious damage to the landscape. Many people took to the comments section to express their shock. One person wrote: “So devastated for everyone involved. No one does that deliberately and just so glad no one got hurt. A sad lesson for us all." A second added: "Glad no one got hurt. I always park in gear just in case my handbrake ever fails." Others weren’t so understanding. One user wrote: "Muppets - I'm allowed to say this because it happened to us also: dropping a car off the banks of the Colorado River in Arizona. We were muppets too. "Good no one was injured!" While another commented: "Quite careful and considerate parking by campervan standards."