Sergio Perez suffered a huge crash in the final part of qualifying at the Monaco Grand Prix to scupper any chance of Red Bull beating Ferrari. Perez lost the rear around the right hander at turn eight and slammed hard into the barrier, losing his rear wing and causing significant damage to the back of his car. Seconds later, Carlos Sainz had an identical shunt and slammed into the side of the Red Bull. The accident blocked the track which also stopped Max Verstappen from bettering his time. The crash ensured Leclerc’s first run was quick enough for pole position but the Ferrari star looked to be on course to go faster on his second run anyway. However, Perez had set the pace through the first part of qualifying, raising hopes the Mexican may have been able to challenge for top spot late on. READ MORE: Nico Rosberg shares Lewis Hamilton's thoughts on beating Russell  Moments after the crash Martin Brundle raised fears Sainz could be penalised for his involvement in the accident. He questioned why the Spaniard was carrying so much speed into the corner when marshals were already waving yellow flags to warn of the danger. It comes just hours after the 27-year-old was penalised for impeding Lance Stroll in FP3 in what has turned into a difficult afternoon for the Ferrari man. When he returned to the paddock, Sainz said he felt the accident had cost him a chance at securing pole himself. He said: "Perez crashed in front of me and I was on my flying lap. I saw the yellow flag coming into Turn 8, I had to hit the brakes and try to avoid him the best I could. "It is a shame another red flag costing us the end of the session so that we cannot go for pole position but that is typical Monaco. We thought we had really good pace all day and we were just building it up for Quali. DON'T MISSCarlos Sainz handed penalty by stewards after Monaco GP incident [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton provides retirement update [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton throws weight behind Leclerc to beat Verstappen [COMMENT] "We will never know and it is impossible to say but I was feeling good. Let's finish the job tomorrow, I think we are in a good position to get a result for the team, the car has been amazing all weekend so we will go for it." Speaking on Sky Sports F1, Red Bull boss Christian Horner claimed both his drivers could have improved a little on their laps without the crash. However, he stressed it was unlikely they could have beaten Leclerc's fastest time. He said: "I don't think that pole was on today, Charles was mighty. Congrats to him because we couldn't have done that time but it is a shame because I think both of the drivers could have improved a little. "Max certainly was significantly up but it is one of those things. Checo has been on it all weekend and that is still P3 and P4 so it is just one of those things and there could be some weather tomorrow. "It is disappointing to not get one on the front row but we will fight from there."