The bestselling sci-fi romance was originally adapted into the 2009 feature film starring Rachel McAdams and Eric Bana. Now, Game of Thrones star Rose Leslie will take on the role of Clare Abshire opposite Theo James as her love interest and future boyfriend, a man cursed with the genetic defect of random time travel. Supporting star of the HBO re-telling Caitlin Shorey has spoken exclusively to Express.co.uk about portraying the younger version of Rose’s tortured heroine. Child actress Caitlin has warned viewers the new adaptation of The Time Traveler’s Wife will be much darker than the original film. Based on Audrey’s 2004 bestseller, Rose portrays a young woman named Clare, who falls in love with the man who visited her from the future when she was a child. As their lives become increasingly intertwined, Clare finds herself asking if she made the right decision by committing herself to someone whose life is constantly out of sync with her own. Developed by Doctor Who scribe Steven Moffat and Sue Vertue, the 2022 adaptation aims to please fans of the original film as well as stay true to Audrey’s darkly romantic fable. READ MORE: Colin Murray to replace Anne Robinson on Countdown in temporary role “They made it a lot more like the book,” Caitlin confirmed to Express.co.uk. “It’s not as much of a full-on romance as the movie was. “It’s definitely a lot darker and more serious. But it’s still extremely well-written.” Both the novel and the original film adaptation end on a bittersweet note for Clare and Henry’s relationship. However, now the story has been stretched into six episodes, the HBO series can delve much further into the adverse effects of Henry’s time-travelling curse. From an early age, Henry has had to lie, fight and steal to survive his random trips across time and space. Plus, the foreboding sight of his own blood and the fact he has never come across himself any older than his 40s seem to suggest his travels will eventually come to a very sticky end. Rose and Theo have also confirmed the first season will conclude without wrapping up the whole story, so there could be an even darker continuation waiting in the wings. DON'T MISS:Better Call Saul season 6: Bryan Cranston teases secretive return [SPOILERS]Blue Bloods boss’ real reason behind Frank and Crawford feud [INSIGHT]NCIS LA’s Chris O’Donnell felt ‘uncomfortable’ with co-star [INTERVIEW] American actress Caitlin also revealed the show’s two British leads didn’t need any help perfecting their accents for the US drama. “No, they were wonderful,” she recalled. “Theo, he would always come to set and he would always have the American accent. He would talk in an American accent. “And Rose, as soon as she stepped onto that set when she started filming it was amazing. I don’t know how they did it but they did amazing jobs.” She also assured potential viewers Theo was always a helpful and respectful screen partner during their tricky sequences together as future husband and wife. “I have all my scenes with him, and he was super nice,” Caitlin said. “Super funny, and he always made sure I was comfortable on set. “And that I enjoyed working with him, and I always did. He’s just a wonderful actor and a wonderful person.” HBO has yet to confirm if Clare and Henry will be back for season two, but hopefully, the series proves a hit for readers and TV fans alike to ensure their story continues. The Time Traveler’s Wife premieres on Sunday, May 15 on HBO and will be available to stream on NOW from May 16 in the UK.