The secret to Red Bull challenging for the title again this year could be the 'ice skate' feature on their RB18 cars. World champion Max Verstappen currently lies second in the drivers' standings on 59 points - 27 off leader Charles Leclerc. His teammate Sergio Perez is five points further back in third. That's not to say the campaign hasn't been without reliability problems for Christian Horner's team though. Both Verstappen and Perez were forced to retire late on in the season opener in Bahrain, although the Dutchman recovered a week later to win in Saudi Arabia. He again failed to finish in Australia though, before the team delivered the perfect result in Emilia Romagna, with the 2021 title winner leading his Mexican partner home in a one-two finish. Whether their previous issues are over remains to be seen, but there has been little sign of the porpoising that has wreaked havoc with the campaign of rivals Mercedes. And now F1 fans have been given a fascinating insight into why. Journalist Matt Somerfield, writing for autosport.com, has described the 'ice skate' addition on the cars, which he says ensures "numerous performance advantages." JUST IN: Miami GP promoter explains decision to use fake water in new marina as F1 fans revolt "With porpoising remaining such a headache, and the role the floor aero plays in this being critical, there has been some intrigue since Imola about a concept Red Bull is using on the underside of its RB18," he wrote in Autosport. "Red Bull's floor features an 'ice skate' strake - a metal strip with holes in it - which sits in the rear outer corner of the floor and appears to offer numerous performance advantages. One suggestion is that the metal strake inhibits the floor's flexion under load, so stops porpoising being triggered too early." DON'T MISS:Lewis Hamilton shares F1 'saved my life' as he gears up for Miami Grand PrixJenson Button disagrees with Lewis Hamilton over FIA's future plans for F1Lewis Hamilton pain eased as Toto Wolff hints at Mercedes upturn with Miami 'experiments'  And Somerfield further explained how this notion would help: "This could be achieved in two ways: firstly by adding some stiffness directly to that region of the floor, but secondly by it acting as a skid of sorts, in stopping the floor flexing any more once it has touched the track itself," he added. "This will be why the component is metal rather than carbon so doesn't wear away as much." With teams still adapting to a new era of F1, the battle at the inaugural Miami Grand Prix this weekend will again be intriguing. It has also been suggested by former driver Juan Pablo Montoya that the weather could dictate the winner out of Verstappen and Leclerc.