Margaret from Wirral discussed why she believed those criticising British patriotism and calling it Nazism. The phone in caller pushed back against claims that the Union Jack flag was the same as the Swastika, which was used by Adolf Hitler in Germany. The Queen's up and coming Jubilee has seen the British public preparing for the event by hanging up Union Jack flags and reels of buntings. Margaret went on to discuss the Second World War and how her mother's generation saw the Union Jack flag symbol compared to how some people are viewing it today. Margaret from Wirral told Talk TV: "I'm just so angry Ian, at these idiots who have tried to compare the display of our flag to Nazism. "When it's exactly the opposite, the Nazis used the swastika, and it was a symbol of evil. "The worst evil we've ever seen in this world, in the darkest days of the war my mother went to our local market, and there was a man selling the Union flag. "And some woman said, there's no use selling those, that the Germans will soon be here. "And my mother stormed... She was only a little tiny lady, and she stormed at this woman for being so unpatriotic. JUST IN: Dog dumped on street with bag full of toys and harrowing note from owner     Margaret from Wirral added: "And she said, you give me the biggest flag you've got, and she told me this story when I was a tiny little girl and she was putting it up for the Coronation. "To her generation, the Union flag was a symbol of goodness and of light. "I'd just like to know what these people who condemn it would say to the survivors of the concentration camps. "And their descendants still living in this country, and how they see the flag, because to them it was a symbol of rescue and goodness." READ MORE: Energy crisis lifeline: UK to open £11m green gas plant to power thousands of homes  A former aide to Margaret Thatcher, Nile Gardiner said: “There are some stupid idiots out there with no sense of history. Without the Union Jack, the spirit of freedom it represents, "And the immense courage of the British people together with that of the United States and the free world, the Nazis would still be occupying Europe today.” Some UK citizens are not as patriotic as others and feel that the Union Jack flag does not represent the same things for them. Dr Shola Mos-Shogbamimu said: "The Union Flag isn't the issue - it's the veil of legitimacy it bestows on White Nationalism that is the issue White Nationalism is what passes for British patriotism today and the British flag is its standard....is the Queen/Govt the standard bearer?"