With more households looking to save money in any way they can, it’s important Britons are switching off appliances when they don’t need them. A recent study conducted by British Gas revealed that leaving certain household appliances on standby could be costing Britons up to £146 more each year. The money-saving experts at NetVoucherCodes have shared how Britons can avoid wasting money on standby appliances. Some of their tips include avoiding overcharging electronics and switching electronics off at the mains. This is one of the most obvious ways to save money on energy bills, however, it’s often one that homeowners forget. Before leaving for work or going to bed, switch off appliances like TVs and game consoles. Toasters, kettles, speakers, chargers and microwaves can all be switched off at the mains before going to sleep. Disorganised and messy cables are not only an eye-sore but can deter homeowners from switching off appliances at the mains. READ MORE: How to get rid of pigeons in your garden - 5 easy ways An extension lead not only tidies up the space but makes appliances more manageable. Switching off one extension cable could switch off six appliances at once, saving you money. Make sure to put the extension lead somewhere accessible to ensure there’s no need to climb over furniture to access the socket. This is something a lot of Britons are guilty of doing on a daily basis. Many people leave their phones, laptops and computers out to charge overnight. DON'T MISSOven cleaning: How to clean oven door glass under 5 minutes - ‘cheap’ [INSIGHT]Oven cleaning: ‘The right technique’ to clean oven door glass properly [UPDATE]Wallpaper: ‘Do’s and don’ts’ when DIYing to ‘do a room justice’ [ANALYSIS] Leaving these electronics on charge is not only harming the battery life but is increasing the cost of energy bills. Smart meters ensure homeowners can track their household spending more efficiently. A smart meter will also allow homeowners to see where they’re losing money and at what points in the day. After adjusting usage, homeowners will then be able to see how much money they’re saving. Timed cycles use energy and dry clothes even if they are no longer damp. Tumble dryers with an auto-dry cycle will stay on and stop once the clothes are dry.  Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea WiFi hubs don’t need to remain switched on if you’re away for a long period of time. However, those who need it on for security devices should keep it switched on. Instead, homeowners with two floors can perhaps turn the upstairs of their fuse box off instead. John Stirzaker from NetVoucherCodes.co.uk said: “We’re all guilty of doing things like leaving our TVs on standby and leaving our phones charging overnight but it’s actually costing us more than we think.  “That’s why it’s important to switch things off at the mains, and if you find that you have far too many cables then invest in an extension lead so you can turn off multiple things with just one switch. “Another massive energy drainer is charging our phones at night. “We all want to wake up with a full battery but it’s doing more harm than good. “Not only are you overheating your phone but you’re using up all of that electricity overnight.”