As the local elections get underway and energy prices continue to rise, Charlie Stayt and Victoria Derbyshire were on hand to keep BBC viewers up to date on the latest headlines. Charlie usually hosts BBC Breakfast alongside Naga Munchetty from Thursday to Saturday but fans were thrilled to see Victoria on the red sofa. In fact, many fans were so impressed with Victoria’s no-nonsense attitude and called for her to made a permanent host. User @BChalklin posted: “@BBCBreakfast Victoria Derbyshire an excellent presenter btw.” Simon Alcock tweeted: “Victoria Derbyshire on the #BBCBreakfast sofa. That really should be a permanent change.” Another viewer, @anders_ian agreed: “Yes yes yes. No silly giggling or playground jokes. Just serious news and event reporting.” READ MORE: TalkTV's James Max shocked as caller cuts off heating to save money Rachael Hughes continued: “Nice to see Victoria Derbyshire on @BBCBreakfast #bbcnews.” However, @BlingWendy posted: “How cr*p is Victoria Derbyshire on BC Breakfast. I hope this isn't a permanent move. #BBCBreakfast.” Lord Tyke asked: “@BBCBreakfast where is Naga today, V. Derbyshire don't rock my boat, in fact she far too pretentious and snooty to boot.” Victoria could well become a full-time Breakfast host as there’s an upcoming vacancy on the red sofa. Dan Walker, who hosts the morning show from Monday to Wednesday, announced last month he would be moving to Channel 5. The presenter has since confirmed he has just two weeks left at the BBC before his move to the rival broadcaster. Could Victoria take his place alongside Sally Nugent? The 53-year-old is no stranger to fronting BBC news shows having hosted her own BBC Two series until it was axed in 2020. DON'T MISS...The Repair Shop's Jay Blades speaks out after BBC cancel spin-off [EXCLUSIVE]Naga Munchetty ponders BBC role after staying 'longer than I thought' [INSIGHT]Naga's BBC co-star stunned as Martin Lewis gushes about her seat [LATEST] Dan’s colleague Mike Bushell is currently “head of betting” to replace him and would follow in the footsteps of Sally who went from sports correspondent to presenter. Jon Kay, who regularly steps in to help host the main show, is also a contender. Ladbrokes’ Alex Apati said: “It would hardly be a surprise if Jon Kay were to get the gig as Dan Walker's replacement. “And with the latest odds boasting the likes of Gethin Jones and Mike Bushell at the head of the betting, it looks as though BBC chiefs will very much be keeping it in the family.” Dan confirmed his exit in April telling BBC fans: “In the next few weeks I will be leaving BBC Breakfast and moving to 5 News and to Channel 5. “I'm really excited but this has also been a massive decision for me because I love BBC Breakfast, I love working alongside Sally and I love the team there. “But Channel 5 came with big ambitions, with big plans and I don't think opportunities like this come around very often and I can't wait.” BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One from 6am.