Amal Clooney apologised to Ant McPartlin for standing in his way as he tried to speak to activist Tanzila Khan after she’d presented her with an award. The human rights lawyer quickly had to shuffle out of the way so Ant and his co-host Dec Donnelly could speak with the winner. The awkward moment came not long after Ant had poked fun at husband George’s career. Introducing Amal to the stage, Dec began: “The first ever Amal Clooney Women’s Empowerment Award is sponsored by Charlotte Tilbury and it recognises young women from around the world who’ve made a significant and long-lasting difference to those around them.” Ant continued: “To present it is a woman who’s dedicated her life to international human rights, which means at least one person in her house has got a proper job.” As the audience laughed, he added: “Please welcome Amal Clooney!” READ MORE: Stranger Things season 4 release time: What time is it on Netflix? Amal walked out onto the stage to discuss Tanzila and the work she has done to help girls in Pakistan. When Tanzila came on to meet Amal, the lawyer stood to the left of the winner so Prince Charles could hand over the award. When the Prince of Wales returned to his seat at the right of the stage, Amal stayed where she was. But as Ant and Dec wanted to speak to Tanzila, she had to shuffle out of the way. The pair hesitantly approached Tanzila and Amal before the lawyer realised she was in Ant’s way. “Oh sorry!” she exclaimed before running behind Tanzila and standing to her right. “Thanks Amal,” Ant replied as he stepped forward to speak to the recipient of the award. Amal said of Tanzila: “I think she’s formidable. She’s a tremendous advocate. DON'T MISS...George Clooney talks relationship secret to marriage with wife Amal [INSIGHT]Amal Clooney, 44, wows in floral gown at Prince's Trust Awards [PICTURES]Jeremy Clarkson in U-turn on George Clooney's 'loony' wife Amal [LATEST] “She’s been able to do so much good already and I know she’s going to go on to change so many lives. “I think you’re incredibly inspiring and we’re all so, so proud of what you’ve been able to do. So, congratulations.” Amal looked stunning in a red floral gown for the Prince’s Trust Awards which was held at the Theatre Royal Drury Lane. The human rights lawyer opted for a red and white strapless gown, which cinched in at the waist. She wore her dark locks in long, loose waves and accessorised with white shoes and a matching clutch bag. Amal was all smiles as she arrived on the red carpet at the start-studded event, which was broadcast on ITV for the first time. The Princes’ Trust Awards are available to catch up on the ITV Hub.