Weeds are starting to pop up here, there and everywhere in the garden, but they’re most annoying when they’re between patio slabs, or creeping out of driveway cracks. Express.co.uk spoke Cass Heaphy, the Digital Director at Paving Direct about the best ways to remove weeds from paving. Cass said: “To remove weeds from driveway block paving, start by pulling anything that will come up by hand. “For those weeds that cannot be easily pulled up, a weeding tool/scraper is recommended. “You should be able to scrape between the blocks with this tool to dislodge the weeds. “You can also use a hand-held burner to speed things up.” READ MORE: Gardening hacks: Do these ‘magic’ water bottle hacks really work? Many cleaning social media stars suggest using a few household products to banish weeds, like vinegar and salt. But Cass said: “Do not use salt to kill weeds as this can damage paving. Not only can salt damage paving, it can also harm soil health and prevent future growth if used on weeds in other areas of the garden. “If the weeds are really persistent, then an organic herbicide is recommended. “Once this has been applied and weed growth has been stymied, we suggest re-pointing the paving blocks with kiln dried sand, as this will fill the voids and help prevent re-growth.” DON'T MISS...How to clean duvet and pillows without washing machine ‘Kills germs’ [EXPERT]How to lose belly fat: 5 foods to turn body into ‘fat-burning machine' [GUIDE]How to look younger: £28 high street serum that 'strengthens skin' [BEAUTY] He added: “For patios, the process is similar, but instead of repointing with kiln dried sand. “You want to use an epoxy-based jointing compound such as Pointfix for concrete and stone patios, or an exterior tile grout for porcelain patios. “Both exterior grout and epoxy jointing compounds are water-resistant, so will help suppress and prevent the regrowth of weeds in the paving joints.” The Paving Direct Digital Director also shared some advice for anyone looking to spruce up their driveway on a budget. “Sometimes the things that make the biggest difference are often the simplest,” Cass explained. “A well-maintained garden and driveway will make a house look well presented and cared for. “Often, buyers believe a well-maintained exterior will mean a well-kept interior. “General upkeep is good practice and, like most things, prevention is easier than cure. “One of the easiest things you can do to spruce up your driveway, which can make a huge difference to your house’s appearance, is to simply sweep away any windfall debris. “Things like leaves, twigs, bark, fruit & berries, conkers, acorns, beechnuts etc will all leave tannin staining if left on your driveway. “You’ll need to sweep or leaf blow your paving clear every week or so. “Although not the most innovative solution, planting new flowers is an inexpensive yet effective way to reinvigorate your driveway’s borders on a budget, so it’s a good place to start. “If you have lawned areas around your driveway or in your front garden, you could consider adding new flower beds along the edges of the lawn to bring in some colour and contrast – this can also work nicely alongside a paved patio area. “If ground space is limited, hanging flower baskets and planters are also an ideal solution,” he shared.