Manchester City’s rivals have been warned that Erling Haaland could reach a “scary” level under Pep Guardiola. Former Liverpool and England defender Stephen Warnock has fired a caution to them that the Norwegian striker could reach new levels under Guardiola in a comparison to Thierry Henry. Haaland will join City in the summer after the Premier League leaders activated his £51million release clause at Borussia Dortmund. Warnock told Sky Sports: “If Halaand buys into it, which he will I am sure, it’s quite scary to think of the levels he could go to. You can only take it away when you listen to the great players who say 'I thought I knew the game until I worked with Guardiola.' “Thierry Henry speaks about him, saying that he went there not towards the end of his career but later on, where he had learned under Wenger. He said he learned a completely different game of football, which to me is scary. “The level that he played at and he felt that if he had gone there even earlier he would have been even better.” Henry joined Barcelona in 2007, a year before Guardiola became first team manager, and went on to score 35 goals in 80 games before leaving to play for MLS side New York Red Bulls. Henry won two league titles in Spain and one Champions League, where he was part of the side that defeated Manchester United 2-0 in the final. Despite being one of the Premier League’s best ever players and learning under the tutelage of Arsene Wenger, Henry in 2018 said to Soccer AM: “I learned how to play football again at 30 years old. After what I had achieved at club level, Arsenal, Monaco, Juventus, even if it was only for a short period, but also at international level, I suddenly saw the game in a different way, understanding space, understanding staying in your position, understanding you have to give 100 per cent at everything. “Even when we used to pause to drink in training, you had to run, drink, run back to the drill, his attention to detail is second to none." Haaland, 21, will join a City side that is hoping to become Premier League champions on the final day against Aston Villa. They are currently four points clear of second-placed Liverpool, with a four-goal advantage on goal difference. Liverpool have a game in hand on Guardiola’s side, as they travel to Southampton on Tuesday before hosting Wolves on the final day of the season on Sunday. Haaland has scored an incredible 85 goals in 88 games for Borussia Dortmund since joining from RB Salzburg at the start of 2020 and has become one of the most sought after strikers in world football.