Lando Norris is just as good as Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen, according to McLaren team principal Zak Brown. Norris has soared since joining the team in 2019 with six podiums to his name. Speaking on the F1 Nation podcast, Brown praised Norris for his lack of mistakes when beyond the wheel. In a glowing report of his driver, Brown then claimed the 22-year-old has as much pure talent as anyone else on the grid. He said: “He is, in my opinion, as good as anyone in Formula One. Unbelievably fast. But... there are a lot of fast drivers in Formula One. I think the part I’m most impressed with with Lando is how few mistakes he makes. “And his mistakes are small, a track limit, locked up a brake; you haven’t seen him many times put the car in the fence, run wide on a corner under pressure and make a mistake. READ MORE: Lando Norris 'hyped' for Miami Grand Prix as McLaren 'keep momentum' “I think as far as pure natural talent, I think he has as much as anyone in Formula One.” Norris almost clinched his first victory of his career at last season’s Russian Grand Prix before a late rain shower scuppered his chances. He looked on course for pole position at a wet Belgian Grand Prix before crashing on his hot lap. With the race cancelled a day later, this would have also secured Norris’ first win. The youngster signed a new deal with the squad ahead of the new season, keeping him with the team until at least the 2025 season. McLaren was one of the slowing teams on the grid at the Bahrain Grand Prix after suffering some brake issues. However, they have made a resurgence with the team comfortably the fastest Mercedes runner at Imola. DON'T MISSHelmut Marko fires shot at Hamilton and Russell with Norris comment [INSIGHT]F1's Lando Norris didn't think he'd get on the podium [ANALYSIS]Lando Norris and Max Verstappen crack George Russell Mercedes joke [COMMENT] Brown added: “I think as long as we continue to show forward progress, he will be satisfied his win is not far away. I mean, he could have won three races in a row last year. In Monza, there was nothing between he and Daniel, in Russia had it not been for the call at the end of the race, that race was his to win. “And Spa, he was the fastest person in qualifying by some margin all the way up until he had his accident. So, he could have won three on the trot. So… he’s ready to win for sure, we just need to put him in a position to win.”