Tottenham gave their Champions League qualification hopes a huge boost by beating Arsenal in the north London derby on Thursday evening in comprehensive style. Harry Kane's first-half double either side of a Rob Holding red card practically killed the game by half-time, and Son Heung-min's strike just two minutes after the restart raised the roof on a jubilant Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. One point now separates the teams, and with Spurs having the easier run-in on paper, it could well be that this win catapults them into Europe's premier competition. Express Sport rates and slates Spurs after their victory. Arsenal's early start saw Lloris fumble a crossed ball to give Tottenham fans concerns he could be about to put in a jittery performance. But the Frenchman remained cool, calm and collected throughout from that point and was absolutely dominant against a hapless Arsenal attack. Made a superb save from Eddie Nketiah's curling effort. Eric Dier - 7 You'd be forgiven for forgetting that Dier actually played in the north London derby. Sure, the red card for Rob Holding didn't help the Gunners' cause in an attacking sense, but Tottenham's dominance throughout and his central position in the back three barely saw him actually need to distribute the ball. A seven is the best he could actually achieve. Davinson Sanchez - 7 Fans would have been fretting given that Sanchez came in for a late Cristian Romero injury just an hour before the teams took to the pitch. A slow start saw moans from the Spurs support as he rarely took the ball forward, but the opening goal saw him come into his element and link well with Emerson and Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg. Ben Davies - 6 The worst score in the Tottenham team, and that was only due to his yellow card. The Welshman tussled with Bukayo Saka early on and all of Arsenal's attacks seemed to come down his side, but he coped well after the opener and remained solid throughout. Not a bad performance, and a six being Spurs' worst rating paid testament to their performance. Emerson Royal - 7 Hats off to Emerson, who came under a lot of flak early on in his Spurs career. The Brazilian was energetic, direct and gave Arsenal's left-hand side a lot to think about throughout, whilst also limiting Gabriel Martinelli to absolute nothing. Must work on his end product and almost scored a header but for a superb Aaron Ramsdale save, but that will come with time under Conte. Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg - 8 Tottenham's midfield general had all the steel, weaponry and guts that a team quite literally named after an arms storage were lacking. The Dane was physical, trampling over the woeful Granit Xhaka and Martin Odegaard throughout and limited his Scandinavian rival to feeding off scraps. Almost registered a superb pre-assist for the shot that Son skied on the hour. Rodrigo Bentancur - 8 Bentancur and Hojbjerg complimented each other very well, and the Dane's dirty work allowed the Uruguayan to link between the lines. Drove at the heart of Arteta's feeble defence, nodded on from Son's corner for Kane's diving header and was a pain in the backside for Arsenal throughout. Cultured performance from the South American. Ryan Sessegnon - 8 Arguably the quietest Bukayo Saka has ever been in an Arsenal shirt, and that was down to the youngster. Helped Davies out in the early battle, provided an energetic nature constantly down the left flank and pressured Cedric into making a rash decision which led to the early spot-kick. Has really come into his own in recent weeks, and he should be absolutely delighted that Saka was even made to swap wings. Dejan Kulusevski - 7 The Swede was not as effective as he has been since bursting onto the scene following his January move, but that was through no fault of his own - the rest of the side were just that incredible that he was outshone. Tidy in possession, always causing a problem and that gave space for Son and Kane to shine. Son Heung-min - 9 Arsenal fans must be sick of the sight of the South Korean, who moved just one goal behind Mohamed Salah in the race to be top scorer. His movement saw Tottenham win a penalty after just 20 minutes, his corner was pinpoint for the second, and his goal just after half-time killed off an already dead tie. Add to the anguish he caused Rob Holding for both cards - the defender will be having nightmares for weeks. Harry Kane - 10 Captain fantastic. A slow start in the first 15 was nullified with a composed penalty and he shone from there. Deceitful movement for the second, the guts to throw himself at a diving header proved fruitful, and his world-class hold-up play for Son's goal was something to marvel at. Manchester City have signed Erling Haaland for the future, but they could perhaps have done with Kane this season - they may just have won that coveted Champions League if they had have. Lucas Moura - 7 Moura's pace, directness with his feet and energy gave Arsenal's already tired defence something else to worry about. A mazy run saw Odegaard wipe him out, and a free-kick looped on to the bar and had Ramsdale pedalling. Fresh legs hurt the Gunners. Steven Bergwijn - 6 Bergwijn has complained about game time in recent weeks, and won't have been particularly happy with his cameo appearance against the Gunners. However, despite not doing anything wrong as such, he didn't do anything right. Tottenham's attacking performance has highlighted why he doesn't get game time, but in fairness the game had no tempo upon his entrance. Joe Rodon - 6 Just like Eric Dier, the Welshman had absolutely nothing to do against an already down and out Arsenal side. A cameo appearance will do him the world of good, but in reality it was simply a warm-up.