His coverage of all things royal is well-known and he's been writing stories on Prince Harry's High Court legal showdown as well as covering leaks over Palace plans for what happens when the Queen dies.  So don't forget to tune in tomorrow and get your fill of all things royal as they discuss this week's most regal topics. One of the topics on the agenda is reports some royals have confirmed that they've opened up their homes to Ukrainian refugees. It seems that some of the family members have followed in the suit of many generous Brits by doing so. The identity of which royals have done so has remained unclear so we hope that Cameron may be able to shed some more light on this. In a week which has seen the Queen make two appearances, first at the opening of the Elizabeth Line at London's Paddington station and then at the Chelsea Flower Show. As Richard predicted in last week's episode, there had been speculation that the monarch would attend despite Prince Edward being confirmed to represent her. Her Majesty’s appearance was confirmed only a couple of hours before. Her youngest son joined her as she walked with a walking stick - in a sweet nod to her late husband, it once belonged to Prince Philip.   The Queen delighted crowds at the Chelsea Flower Show where she was driven around in a buggy. We've asked Express readers to take part in a Twitter poll  to say whether they would like to see more of the Queen using mobility aids to help her at public appearances. Finally, Cameron and Pandora will discuss how close members of the Royal Family should be with Hollywood celebrities. This comes after it looked like Tom Cruise broke royal protocol by touching Kate Middleton on the Top Gun sequel red carpet. Many people were shocked when he aided the Duchess by escorting her up the stairs, leaving William at her side. Don't forget to tune into our Facebook page at 3.15pm tomorrow to have your say in the comments as Cameron and Pandora discuss the latest on the British monarchy. Keep an eye on our Instagram stories for more updates, information and what to expect from our weekly specials as the Platinum Jubilee draws closer. 