Lando Norris claims he is ‘riding on a high’ after securing an unexpected podium at Imola last time out. The McLaren star benefited from a late spin from Ferrari's Charles Leclerc to secure third as the team continued their forward gains. The iconic side were towards the back of the field at the Bahrain Grand Prix after suffering braking problems. However, they have slowly turned around their form to make them the highest placed of the Mercedes runners. According to GPFans, Norris said: “I’m riding in on the high of the last race and hoping to keep the momentum going forward. Whilst the podium finish wasn’t exactly expected, it’s a testament to the hard work and determination of the team at the track and back at the factory. “Let’s keep going and push as hard as we can!” READ MORE: Helmut Marko fires shot at Hamilton and Russell with Norris comment Norris is particularly excited about this weekend’s new Miami Grand Prix. He added: “I’m hyped for this weekend. New circuits are always something I look forward to, and when you add in the excitement around a US race, particularly in Miami, it’s going to be so cool. "It’s looking fast with some great features and with the added element of being a street track, it’s going to be a fun challenge." Norris recently extended his stay at McLaren, signing a new deal to keep him at the team until 2025. The Briton said he had spoken to other teams over the last year but was keen to lock in a commitment after a brilliant third season last year. DON'T MISSF1's Lando Norris didn't think he'd get on the podium [INSIGHT]Lando Norris and Max Verstappen crack George Russell Mercedes joke [ANALYSIS]Verstappen pokes fun at Lando Norris with six-word jibe after F1 chaos [COMMENT] He added that the aim was to push for wins and titles with the team who have struggled to match their former glory. McLaren have enjoyed a brilliant resurgence in recent seasons after being one of the grid’s tailenders not long ago. Speaking on his new deal ahead of the season, Norris said: “I have grown up in this team and I'm part of this journey we're all on. I want to continue to try to reach that dream of ours and try to win races, and of course to try and win championships. “Big thanks to Andreas [Seidl], Zak [Brown] and all of McLaren for having this faith in me. Of course, it also shows the faith I have in McLaren and what they will be able to achieve in the next few years. "We know it's not going to be quick, we're learning and there's still things we need to improve on to have the ability to fight for wins and championships, but I know that's coming up."