Rafael Nadal’s first round opponent at the French Open has explained what it’s like to face the 13-time champion at his most successful tournament. Jordan Thompson won just six games against the man dubbed the ‘King of Clay’ and spoke of the “relentless pressure” of even trying to win a point against Nadal.  Nadal started his French Open campaign with a dominant 6-2 6-2 6-2 win over world No 82 Thompson in just two hours and two minutes, after suffering an injury scare in his most recent match at the Italian Open. It was the second meeting between the pair but the first on the Spaniard’s most successful surface and his most successful tournament, and Thompson later explained the difficulty of playing Nadal on clay at the French Open. The Aussie admitted he already knew he’d have a tough day at the office when he drew the 13-time champion in the first round but was stunned by how hard he had to work to even take points from the world No 5. “I thought I was in trouble going out there and then, after that first point, I don’t know how I won it, but I was thinking ‘S***. That’s what I’ve got to do to win a point?’,” the 28-year-old said. Thompson only managed to break Nadal’s serve once in the match - to close the gap between himself and the fifth seed to just one break at 2-4 in the second set before losing the next two games to drop the set - and admitted he was left wondering what he could do to get past the 21-time Major champion, saying he wasn’t the “only one” who felt the same about playing Nadal. JUST IN: Federer, Nadal and Djokovic pay tribute to Tsonga in retirement   “I remember looking up at my camp and saying I’ve hit one of the biggest forehands I’ve hit [yet] it came back,” he explained. “I hit a drive volley. It came back even harder and I wasn’t even close to the ball. “I just looked up and thought, ‘I did everything I could and still I wasn’t even close to winning that point’. Sometimes you think, ‘What can I do?’ And I’m not the only one.” DON'T MISSTsonga close to tears as injury threatens final match at French OpenWimbledon boycott rolls on as Shapovalov admits pressure of points banBenoit Paire unleashes on ATP over Wimbledon points strip And Thompson also noted that the layout of Court Philippe-Chatrier helped the 13-time champion in Paris with a huge distance between the edges of the court and the sidelines, as Nadal notoriously stands far behind the baseline. He continued: “I hit a couple of kick serves [and] on the back courts they would be in the side fence, but here it’s not even close to the side fence. “He’s got plenty of room and that makes it even tougher to get a free point … because he’s so far back and the court’s big. It’s just relentless pressure.”