Princess Eugenie and Jack Brooksbank tied the knot on October 12, 2018 at St George's Chapel in Windsor. Eugenie looked ravishing in a white, long-sleeved dress made by iconic designers Peter Pilotto and Christopher de Vos of British-based label Peter Pilotto. But what was the royal couple's body language like on the big day? Body language expert Judi James analysed Eugenie and Jack's body language at various points during their wedding day, from the wave at the steps of the Chapel to the couple's kiss. Judi claimed: "With Eugenie’s air of calm, reassuring confidence and Jack’s rather sweet display of nervous excitement and happiness, this couple’s body language created an ideal, complementary blend on their wedding day. "The only non-verbal drama came from the older generations who seem destined to drag that drama with them to the end of their days. "Fergie’s arrival and her seat in front of the Queen and Philip created ripples of tangible anxiety, although it seemed that Beatrice had been given the role of chatting endlessly to her mother to break some of that non-verbal tension and make it a day when everyone focused on the blissfully-happy-looking bride and groom. READ MORE: Grass care: How to get rid of moss from your lawn using baking soda "In the photographs of Jack and Eugenie, we can see at least four key body language signals of authentic happiness, love and excitement." Looking at the royal pair's kiss, Judi said: "There was a nod towards the traditions of her royal status in the way that the couple kept their torsos distanced, with only the most formal of PDAs here but we can see very mirrored facial expressions as they move in to kiss, with Jack tilting his head and both appearing to be talking and smiling as they get close. "Eugenie’s cheeks are rounded and raised in a sign of genuine happiness and her lower jaw is jutting slightly to add a small hint of shared fun here." Judi went on to say that the couple's love was shown clearly through their eye contact and "reciprocal touch".  She said: "As the couple emerged from the church, Jack stands slightly awkwardly but he also stretches out an arm to ‘present’ his beautiful bride to the crowds. "We can see Eugenie’s right hand rise in a reciprocal gesture to touch his arm in a signal of approval and affection. "Their torsos also remained turned slightly inward, too." This implies the couple broke royal tradition, according to Judi, as the "royal norm is for the couple to emerge and pose with both facing front". But, Judi added: "It was clear Jack and Eugenie couldn’t take their eyes off each other." The body language expert continued: "Happy wedding poses aren’t all about the touching and kissing and this mutually exchanged eye contact between bride and groom seemed a more powerful signal of their enjoyment and joy. "It’s a knowing glance that sparks mirrored smiles of excitement." Judi also touched on the royal couple's "sense of fun", saying: "Eugenie might do ‘regal’ very well, but their post-wedding photos on social media have all shown a much more casual and natural look for the couple. "There was a glimpse of this in their body language in the carriage. "Jack’s symmetric smile signals authentic happiness, while Eugenie points and gesticulates at the guests, making it look as though they are having the best fun." Jack and Eugenie are still happily married and welcomed a baby boy into the world in February 2021. The couple's son is called August Philip Hawke Brooksbank - his middle name a tribute to the Duke of Edinburgh, who died not long after August's birth on April 9, 2021.