Barcelona are reportedly 'paralysed' over important issues in Ousmane Dembele's contract renewal talks, which could leave the door open for Chelsea this summer. The Blues supposedly registered an interest in January, and with their new owners now in place, swift action could be taken once the window swings open. Dembele has had an up and down time at the Camp Nou, struggling with injury issues and the pressure of meeting his colossal £136million price-tag. But he has played with renewed freedom under Xavi this campaign, racking up 13 La Liga assists in just 21 matches. His numbers and performances have alerted Chelsea, according to 90min, and Thomas Tuchel will be happy to hear that Barca are encountering yet more problems in trying to convince Dembele to stick around. SPORT claim that all hope is not lost for the Catalan side and 'small agreements' were reached in talks held with sporting director Mateu Alemany on Monday, but 'no progress is being made' on important issues relating to the club's final proposal. JUST IN: Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta given transfer boost after saving millions on two signings Negotiations have been ongoing for months, and urgency has steadily crept up from Barca's end in light of Dembele's stellar performances. The Frenchman has managed to shine amongst a talented contingent of wide men including Ferran Torres, Adama Traore, Ansu Fati and Memphis Depay. But the Catalan side are still strapped for cash, which has prompted them to sound out a number of free transfer opportunities this summer. Cashing in on a player like Frenkie de Jong may have to be their next move if they are to slap more money on the table for Dembele, whose representatives have played hardball thus far. DON'T MISS...Kalvin Phillips' stance on future may have blocked Man City transferMohamed Salah confirmed Liverpool decision but Sadio Mane gives cryptic answerArsenal dealt setbacks over trio who could be key to transfer plans Chelsea have plenty of their own wingers to contend with, but not all of them have had successful seasons. Hakim Ziyech has been linked to moves away, while Timo Werner, who rarely features through the middle anymore, could move on to pastures new after another disappointing campaign which saw him net just four Premier League goals. Dembele's signature would come free of charge given that he has just over a month left on his Barca deal. His wages wouldn't though, with some top-end estimates claiming that he left Xavi 'speechless' with a whopping £700,000-a-week salary demand. Barca president Joan Laporta, speaking to Catalan newspaper L'Esportiu, recently shed more light on the situation. "He has our proposal and a date to decide, because there is no more room [to improve the offer]," he said. "We have been preparing for next season for some time and it is an issue that we are stuck, because the agent does not respond to our offer. It looks like they are making a counter-proposal. "There is a priority right now, which is to get our finances back on track. There are a lot of players that we are speaking with and operations that are pending, but La Liga is not helping us. The criteria is very restrictive."