Since putting Russia’s nuclear deterrence forces on high alert in late February, Russian President Vladimir Putin has been brandishing the country’s nuclear arsenal throughout the Ukraine invasion; warning those who interfere will see “consequences never encountered in your history”. Nuclear bombs are described as the most dangerous weapons on earth, but just how widespread would the fallout be if one were to be detonated? As of March 2022, there were reported to be around 12,660 nuclear weapons in circulation and according to Statista, almost 90 percent of them are split between two countries, Russia and the United States. Despite the mass volume in circulation, these warheads have scarcely been used due to the sheer level of destruction they can precipitate. In fact, the only nuclear attack recorded in history was by the US during World War Two, when it detonated two bombs over Japanese cities Nagasaki and Hiroshima in 1945. The estimated death toll for these attacks is thought to be around 140,000 in Hiroshima, and at least 74,000 in Nagasaki, with thousands dying weeks, months and years after the event from radiation sickness; demonstrating just how devastating the effects of detonation would be.  READ MORE: Nuclear fusion breakthrough takes world one step closer to star energy  Despite Russia’s looming threats, many experts say the event of Putin actually using nuclear bombs is highly unlikely - but not completely impossible. One nuclear bomb has the power to destroy an entire city, however, determining the radius of impact very much depends on the size of the bomb. The nuclear bombs circulating today are much more powerful than the ones last used in World War two, which are said to have carried a blast yield of around 15 to 22 kilotons. The most powerful nuclear bomb recorded weights up to 1,200 kilotons, meaning the radius would be much larger and the impact more severe.  However, even the less powerful nuclear bombs have the ability to cause widespread devastation. The immediate blast of an average nuclear bomb could stretch over half a mile, incinerating all and anything within the vicinity of the explosion. The harsher impact can stretch five miles outside of this, which could cause those in this area to suffer third-degree burns, and those up to seven miles away would experience second and first-degree burns. People up to 53 miles away could experience temporary blindness or severe burns to the retina if looking directly at the blast. But the devastation wouldn’t stop there. When detonated, the nuclear bomb produces a flash of light and a huge fireball, which, after vaporising all substances inside it, brings everything upwards into a giant mushroom cloud.  DON'T MISS: Inflation hits 40 year high at nine percent [BREAKING]Ukraine LIVE: Putin warns of 'irreversible' harm as Poland fears immin [INSIGHT]Sturgeon's bizarre NATO ambitions torn apart by expert [ANALSYIS]    The radioactive material inside the nuclear bomb combines with the mushroom cloud forming a dust, which falls back to earth - described as ‘fallout’. This fallout is then swept up with the wind and carried hundreds of miles away, contaminating anything it lands on with the radioactive material. Director of national intelligence, Avril Haines warned the US Senate armed services committee last week that Putin could view the prospect of defeat in Ukraine as an existential threat to his regime, which could potentially trigger his resort to nuclear weapon usage.  She said: “We do think that [Putin’s perception of an existential threat] could be the case in the event that he perceives that he is losing the war in Ukraine, and that NATO in effect is either intervening or about to intervene in that context, which would obviously contribute to a perception that he is about to lose the war in Ukraine.” Mr Putin has issued stern warnings in the past; most recently telling the President of Finland he is making a 'mistake' by joining NATO. While Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said: "The collective West has announced a total hybrid war on us. "It is difficult to forecast how long this will all last, but it is clear that the consequences will be felt by everybody without exception." However, experts widely describe the event of nuclear war as highly unlikely due to the mass costs for all, and it’s not deemed to be Putin’s first course of action. Ms Haines continued: “There are a lot of things that he would do in the context of escalation before he would get to nuclear weapons, and also that he would be likely to engage in some signalling beyond what he’s done thus far before doing so.” 