Better Call Saul airs on AMC and Netflix and the sixth season has reached its fourth episode. The current season is the final instalment for Saul Goodman (played by Bob Odenkirk) and fans are preparing to say goodbye to the beloved character. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what time the new episode will air. Breaking Bad fans have been following the spin-off series from the edge of their seats this season. The previous episode said goodbye to a fan-favourite character as Nacho Varga (Michael Mando) met his demise. Nacho confirmed to Hector Salamanca (Mark Margolis) that he was responsible for putting him in a wheelchair. Rather than suffer at the hands of the Salamanca cartel, he decided to take his own life. Fans are now keen to find out what repercussions his death will have. READ MORE: BBC Breakfast blasted over ‘poor’ Sturgeon interview The next episode airs on AMC and AMC+ at 6pm Pacific Time and 9pm Eastern Time tonight, May 2. AMC is only available to viewers in the US and Canada, with UK fans tuning in on Netflix. For those watching on Netflix, the episode will arrive a day later on Tuesday, May 3. The episode should go live at midnight Pacific Time and 3am Eastern Time. Fans in the UK should have access to episode four by 8am. The official synopsis for the upcoming episode says: "Despite assurances from the cartel, Gus takes extreme measures to protect himself against looming threats. "Kim and Jimmy enlist the help of a local pro to put on a show for Cliff Main. Howard seeks outside counsel." Gus Fring (Giancarlo Esposito) found himself in the clear following the failed hit on Lalo Salamanca (Tony Dalton). As a result, he knows he is indebted to Nacho and his family as Nacho kept his name out of everything. DON'T MISS... Countryfile viewers slam Adam Henson over horrifying lamb segment [DISCUSSION] Better Call Saul season 6 theory: Mike to kill Kim Wexler after clue? [THEORY] Why did Nacho Varga have to die in Better Call Saul? Actor opens up [INSIGHT] Gus will be feeling vulnerable now seeing as his 'mole' is now dead and unable to protect him. Fans are also waiting to find out whether Saul will ever learn of Nacho's untimely death. He had befriended the lawyer after Jimmy helped clear him of kidnapping charges. Actor Mando spoke out about filming his final scene and why his death was important. Speaking to Variety, he said: "Every single one of them is dead, if you think about it. "There’s an ominous thing to this scene, where these are all dead men walking, watching the first man die. "But they’re already dead, they just don’t know it yet. "The image of Nacho is the image of sacrifice, true love and bravery. It’s not the image of revenge. "The ultimate act that defines the character is the act of sacrifice, and not anger, but love." Does this mean the Salamanca cartel will get their comeuppance before the series ends?   Better Call Saul airs on AMC and Netflix on Mondays.