New research from Checkatrade has found that a staggering 37 percent of British homeowners have fallen victim to a rogue trade, with one in five failing to make the necessary checks before hiring a tradesperson. While property owners should always be wary of constructions “cowboys”, Mike airman, CEO of Checkatrade, has warned that it is “more important than ever” for consumers to be alert of poor workmanship. These are the five key signs to look for, and exactly what to do if you’re left out of pocket by a rogue trade. Working with trusted traders is crucial to protect both your home and your hard-earned cash, but what exactly should you be looking for to avoid being caught out? Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Mr Fairman said: “For us, a rogue trade is defined by poor workmanship, overcharging or pressuring homeowners in undertaking unnecessary work. It’s the trades we’ve stood against for 22 years.” The Checkatrade approval process alongside the reviews is there to help homeowners find quality trades, but even then, some traders manage to fall through the cracks. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ 50p hack to remove yellow pillow stains Increasing demand for tradespeople, Brexit, the rising cost of living and the ongoing raw materials shortage have placed a huge amount of pressure on the home improvement industry, creating the “ideal environment” for rogue trades to step in and take advantage, said Mike. While rogue trades are known for their ability to advertise what seems like a legitimate business, there are a few subtle signs that can make them easier to tell apart from reputable tradespeople. This is one of the most obvious signs of a fraudulent trade, especially in the current climate where supply shortages and material costs are driving up the value of popular home improvements. Mike said: “If the cost seems too good to be true, it most likely is. The cheapest quote is normally only cheaper because it’s been rushed or corners have been cut.” While you can take the chance at your own risk, it is crucial to remember that cheap work can’t always be rectified. Mike explained that consumers should “be wary” if a tradesperson is immediately available to start work on their property. He said: “Some unverified trades will take advantage of busy periods or moments of crisis such as extreme weather.” It is important to remember that the high demand for home improvements across the country will make legitimate traders busier, and unlikely to be able to take on a job straight away. To protect yourself, you should always read reviews, and ensure trades are vetted and qualified to undertake the requested work. While it is important to do your research before hiring a tradesperson, you should note that a non-existent online presence is just as bad - if not worse - than a bad review. Mike said: “When you search for these companies, they won’t appear on reputable online directories and reviews will be difficult to find. DON'T MISS:UK's rogue trading hotspots revealed - is your city on the list? [REVEAL]Nationwide increases interest rates on ISA accounts [LATEST]Property: How to add house value ‘cheaply’ using ‘simple option’ [INSIGHT] Being asked to part-ways with large sums of money before the work has started should always be questioned to avoid falling victim to a scam. If you are asked for a full up-front payment, Mike recommended that you should first get a detailed written quote that includes terms and conditions, and states what will and won’t be covered by the quote. Never agree to making full payment in advance of work being undertaken. According to Checkatrade data, 44 percent of people have been door-stepped - but Mike warned that reputable trades will “never carry out this practice”. He said: “Checkatrade has zero tolerance of any member found to be canvassing door-to-door. “Never be pressured into having work done by someone who knocks on your door.” While eight out of 10 homeowners would choose a verified tradesperson over one that isn’t, this leaves one in five taking unnecessary risks. So what can you do to protect yourself from falling victim to a scam? Sourcing your tradesperson from a trusted site is one of the best ways to ensure you are dealing with a legitimate quote. Mike said: “For 22 years we’ve made it our mission to eliminate the cowboys. “We undertake continuous checks of our members and in fact in the past year we have removed 1,500 trades from our platform, who failed to keep up our high standards.” The Checkatrade Guarantee will even safeguard trusted work booked via the website, by offering 12 months cover up to £1,000. If you find yourself dealing with a rogue trade, there are some resources available to help you. According to Mike, it is important to take action “as soon as possible” to minimise any further damage. He said: “If you are a victim, report it to Action Fraud, or if appropriate the police, as soon as possible to get further support and advice. “Organisations like Trading Standards and Citizens Advice can also provide further help.”