The Los Pueblos Más Bonitos de España campaign finds the prettiest villages in Spain. It finds the most authentic villages in Spain to celebrate. Many Britons choose to holiday in Spain’s sunny Costa del Sol for almost guaranteed good weather in the summer. Luckily, one of Spain’s prettiest villages is in Malaga province, in the Costa del Sol region. Just six kilometres outside of Nerja, Frigiliana is one of Costa del Sol’s most picturesque villages. Tourists will be entranced by colourful blooms overflowing from their pots and tiny alleyways offering a snapshot of village life. READ MORE: Spain tourist tax: How much is it and where do tourists have to pay? One of the top rated activities in Frigiliana is the Vista Panoramica which offers astounding views of the village. One visitor wrote on Tripadvisor: “This is a super mountain village and the views are stunning from the many vantage points.” Another said: “This charming little town of Frigiliana can be reached easily from Nerja by bus for a lovely day out. “In summer there are a dozen buses a day, with seven or eight on Sundays.” Tourists should also pay a visit to the Old Fountain which is one of the historic sites of Frigiliana. A visitor said on Tripadvisor: “The fountain is emblematic of the beautiful town. It seems to be a bit of a focal point for the town. “It is also the gateway to explore the rest of the beautiful streets and get lost and discover some fantastic and unusual places.” Another said: “Lots of pretty white washed alleys with vibrant flowers, scenic vistas, shops selling pretty pottery and cafes to soak in the atmosphere.” Wandering the village’s maze-like streets can feel like a journey back in time for British tourists. After exploring, tourists can visit one of the village’s fantastic tapas bars to enjoy lunch with a view. Many of the town’s bars and restaurants have terraces where tourists can look over the village and surrounding valleys. Tourists could also head out on a hike from the village with some great routes in the Sierra de Tejeda Almijara national park. Horse riding in the surrounding countryside is also popular in Frigiliana and tourists can book with a local guide. On Thursdays and Sundays, the village has a small local market where tourists can buy local produce. If tourists want the buzz of a resort town, they can stay in nearby Nerja and travel to Frigiliana for a day trip. Nerja offers tourists stunning beaches and a lively evening atmosphere with busy bars and restaurants.