Anne Robinson, 77, recently joined Piers Morgan, 57, on his self-titled show Uncensored. The duo spoke candidly about a variety of topics from the Royal Family, to their television work. The former Weakest Link presenter's appearance comes just weeks after the Channel 4 presenter stepped down from Countdown after a year of hosting the programme. Anne joined the daytime staple in 2021, becoming its sixth presenter and the first woman to take the role. She said she had a "blast" hosting the show but it was now time for "an older woman to take the reins". Anne, who recorded 265 episodes, will appear in shows until the summer, Channel 4 said. READ MORE: Joan Collins' wardrobe malfunction as husband rescues star But it now seems the presenter has got eyes fixed on the newly launched network TalkTV. Speaking on the programme on May 19, Anne quizzed the Uncensored host about the show pay. Piers gushed: "What I love about you, is many things. You're fearless. I love your outspokenness. I love the interviews you give. They make me laugh but they also inspire me. "You've got a tremendous work ethic. I guess the obvious question is, what are you going to do next?"  The Countdown presenter joked she would gladly keep Piers' seat warm in his absence. Anne quipped: "I thought if you upset them here I could just move in." Piers chuckled at the on-screen host's frankness before he suggested she join the team. "You know what, we could take you on TalkTV, you would be fantastic," he replied. DON'T MISS... Adele leaves fans fuming over Las Vegas show delays[LATEST]Demi Rose sets pulses racing as she flashes bottom[PICTURES]Corrie star Adam Rickitt's wife Katy bids farewell to ITV colleague[TV] She then asked: "But is the money good enough?" Piers replied: "Look at this suit," before smoothing down the lapels on his blazer jacket. Anne also shut down rumours of a feud with her Countdown co-star Rachel Riley. The Countdown host, who has announced her departure from the Channel 4 show, praised her co-star for being “brilliant at maths” but admitted she had asked for her microphone to be “turned off” because Rachel “likes a lot of noise around” her. Anne replied: “Susie Dent is great Rachel Riley is completely brilliant at the maths.” “You just didn’t get on well?” Piers probed. “No, I didn’t not get on,” the departing Countdown host hit back. “But some performers like a lot of noise around them before they go on air and others like me, who are trying to get the contestants to remember what their hobbies are, would like some quiet while she’s doing that so it was important to me that we took her mic off so that I could have [quiet].” She joined mathematician Rachel and lexicographer Susie in an all female line-up on the daytime show, with her first instalment broadcast on June 28. A former journalist, Anne became known for her cutting remarks to contestants when she presented Weakest Link, which ran from 2000 until 2012.