All eyes are on the monarchy as the nation celebrates the Queen's Platinum Jubilee this year, and many are pondering what the establishment will look like in the future. The next in line to the throne, Prince Charles, has often been praised for his dedication to royal duties and his steadfast support of the Queen. But his son Prince William has consistently ranked as a very popular member of the Royal Family and, according to a recent poll, the public thinks William will do a better job than Charles as King.  Polling expert Ipsos surveyed 1,039 British adults between May 13 and 14 and found that the proportion of people who think Prince Charles would do a good job as King stands at just 49 percent. Of those surveyed, 20 percent said they think Charles would do a bad job as the nation's monarch, while 25 percent said he would do neither a good nor a bad job. In comparison, Charles' son and heir Prince William scored much more favourably with the public in this poll. Almost three-quarters of those surveyed (74 percent) said William would do a good job as King, while 13 percent said they thought he would do neither a good nor a bad job at the helm.  READ MORE: Kate Middleton pays tribute to Sussex wedding on eve of their return Only seven percent of those surveyed said William would do a bad job as King, a stark contrast to the figures garnered by his father in this poll. The latest Ipsos poll also proved the majority of the nation is ever-faithful to the Queen who, at 96, has been the subject of abdication rumours in recent months. But the Queen has made quite clear that her whole life will be devoted to service, and two-thirds of those surveyed (66 percent) said the Queen should remain in her position for as long as possible. In contrast, only 23 percent of those asked thought the Queen should abdicate at some stage.   Prince William has long been a popular member of the Royal Family alongside his wife Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, whom he married in 2011. According to the latest YouGov rankings for 'The Most Popular Royalty', William ranked second only to the Queen with 66 percent popularity. His wife Kate ranked fourth with a 60 percent popularity ranking, while Prince Charles took the sixth position with 50 percent popularity. While Charles may have a way to go to prove to the public that he is up for the top job, the Queen signalled her support for her eldest son as she marked the eve of her accession in February 2022.  DON'T MISS:Royal Family threat as younger voters see monarchy 'expensive luxury' [POLL] Dr Shola praises Meghan's food donation to Texas shooting victims [ANALYSIS]Princess Diana used jewellery trick to bring good luck to Charles [INSIGHT] After years of speculation, the Queen finally also confirmed her wish for Charles' wife Camilla to be known as Queen Consort rather than Princess Consort in the future. In her Accession Day message, the Queen said: "I would like to express my thanks to you all for your support. "I remain eternally grateful for, and humbled by, the loyalty and affection that you continue to give me. "And when, in the fullness of time, my son Charles becomes King, I know you will give him and his wife Camilla the same support that you have given me; and it is my sincere wish that, when that time comes, Camilla will be known as Queen Consort as she continues her own loyal service." 