Jamie Lee Curtis, 63, is the recipient of several accolades and is currently guest-starring in the American sitcom Reno 911. Star of the series and writer Thomas Lennon, 51, has spoken exclusively to Express.co.uk about working with the star and what she is really like behind-the-scenes. Reno 911! is a parody of American law enforcement shows, with comedic actors playing police officers. Jamie guest stars in the new series after messaging Thomas herself about her love for the show. Speaking to Express.co.uk about his time with the Halloween actress on set, he said: "It was really incredible. "You know, I mean, talk about living up to the hype. She is truly a person who lives up to the hype about her. READ MORE: Loose Women's Nadia Sawalha strips down to bikini in clip "You know, it was weird because I’ve been a fan of hers since I was a child. "I have probably had many crushes on Jamie Lee Curtis at different parts of my life." Thomas then recalled the "weird" message he got out of the blue when Jamie asked to be on the show. He continued: "Then one day you get a text message that was like ‘Hi, It’s Jamie Lee Curtis. I really like Reno 9/11, it’s like my new favourite show’. "It was one of those moments where I thought someone was playing a trick on me, but no, no, it was really her. "So I said if she liked the show so much, she should come and do it." On Jamie's first day on set, Thomas recalled: " When she came in she said she was nervous, but I don’t know how you could tell. "She then instantly improvised for like five or six hours with us and it almost turned into two episodes. There were so many great sequences with her. She was amazing. DON'T MISS... Madonna, 63, issues expletive fan warning after split from boyfriend [INSTAGRAM] Kim Woodburn shares picture from hospital bed after hospital rush [BREAKING] Amal Clooney, 44, shows off her enviable figure in sheer red dress [PICS] "It would seem that I am making stuff up about her but she literally bought cookies and set up a little table for everybody and the crew. "She’s just one of those people where everything she does is kind of wonderful." Thomas has a test on how he can tell someone is a good actor, which he tried out on Curtis. He explained: "My test for how good an actor you are is very skewed. How funny are you? "And she’s so damn funny. I think it works so well if she does what we do, even if things are absolutely ludicrous and ridiculous. "You just always commit like you’re playing the most sincere drama and she comes in very dramatic into this new season." Jamie has been honoured with several accolades including a British Academy Film Award, two Golden Globe awards and a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. Her latest film Everything, Everywhere all at Once saw the star completely change her figure for the role. Season two, titled “Reno 911! Defunded”, will debut with eleven 30-min episodes, featuring special guests including Jamie Lee Curtis, Weird Al Yankovic and George Lopez. With crime on the rise, the original cast members, Thomas Lennon, Robert Ben Garant and Kerri Kenny-Silver, will be back solving felonies on your screens. You can watch the series on The Roku Channel.