Lewis Hamilton has insisted that he is unbothered by the ongoing speculation that former FIA race director Michael Masi could return to the sport in a fresh role in the not-too-distant future. Masi was unceremoniously relieved of his duties at the end of last season after overseeing Max Verstappen's wildly controversial Drivers' Championship triumph in Abu Dhabi before he was quickly replaced by Eduardo Freitas and Niels Wittich in advance of this year's curtain-raiser in Bahrain. FIA president Mohammed Ben Sulayem recently suggested that Masi could soon be handed a new role within the organisation in a claim that was said to have angered Hamilton and Mercedes team principal Toto Wolff due to the events that unfolded in Abu Dhabi last year. The seven-time Drivers' Championship winner did not kick up a fuss when quizzed on the topic on Friday, though, as he insisted that he was not overly concerned with the rumours of a potential return for Masi. "I did hear that story, but I have no specific feelings about it," Hamilton told reporters in a press conference ahead of Friday's practice sessions at the Spanish Grand Prix. Masi was widely criticised for his role in shaping the outcome of last year's Drivers' Championship battle in Abu Dhabi after bending the rules during the final few laps of the decisive race at the Yas Marina Circuit. The 44-year-old initially declared that lapped cars would not be allowed to unlap themselves under the safety car late on before overturning his decision just moments before the green flags were waved for one final racing lap. JUST IN: FIA demand Lewis Hamilton 'sends the right message' over jewellery ban However, Masi only allowed the five lapped cars between Hamilton, who was leading, and second-placed Verstappen to overtake the safety car which allowed the Dutchman to close up before passing his Mercedes rival to clinch his maiden title on the final lap. Wolff was visibly furious during the latter stages of the contest, pleading with Masi to declare the result from the penultimate lap after the end of the race, while Hamilton was said to have been considering his long-term future in F1 before eventually returning to Mercedes for this season. The FIA's recent decision to replace Masi was seen by the vast majority of onlookers as a moral victory for the Silver Arrows, but it remains to be seen whether the Aussie will take up a new role within motorsport's governing body over the coming weeks and months. It initially appeared as though Masi's career in F1 was dead and buried as a result of his dismissal, but Ben Sulayem has since insisted that his return could still be on the cards in spite of what happened in Abu Dhabi. "I didn't get rid of Michael," Ben Sulayem told the Daily Mail earlier this month. "He had a personal overload, safety delegate as well as race director. He made a mistake. It is not as if we said it is the end of Masi with the FIA. "I don't know Michael very well. The decision [to remove him as race director] was made by the World Council. It was human error on Michael's part. I spoke to him two days ago, I have no personal issue (with him). "I don't hate anyone. Michael is there and we might use him. I didn't say we were getting rid of him, I said we might use him. He may be in a good place to use, we are open to everything." FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE