This latest payment hike covered the majority of the benefits offered by the Government department, including the state pension and Personal Independence Payment (PIP). All of the payments were increased in line with the Consumer Price Index (CPI) rate of inflation for last year. Claimants of any disability payments, such as PIP, have now claimed a 3.1 percent hike to their benefit rates from the DWP. Recently, the DWP has made a conscious decision to advertise its disability payment to claimants, including PIP and Attendance Allowance. Chloe Smith, the Government's Minister for Disabled People, Health and Work, explained the importance of disabled people taking advantage of the support provided by the DWP. Ms Smith said: “Living with a long-term illness or disability can have a profound effect on daily life, both for those with a diagnosis and those who care for them, so it’s vitally important you are receiving all the help you are entitled to. “Millions of people already receive this support and I would urge anyone who thinks they may be eligible for extra financial help to check online.” READ MORE: Woman, 88, in tears after losing £36,000 savings - after 'scrimping' for 50 years Ahead of this increase, the DWP published plans to raise benefit payments last year to inform stakeholders about how much they can claim. One of the more well-known benefits, PIP is a payment created to help people with the additional financial costs that arise from having a disability. Unlike many other payments, it is made up of two parts - a daily living component and a mobility component - which have a lower and higher payment rate. The higher and lower payment rate of PIP are awarded depending on the severity of the claimant’s condition.  Weekly payments for the daily living component have gone up from £89.60 to £92.40 for the higher rate and from £60 from £61.85 for the lower. The mobility component’s rates have risen from £62.55 to £64.50 for the higher, and £23.70 to £24.45 for lower. Certain PIP claimants can get both the daily living and mobility components of the disability payment. If someone were to claim the enhanced rate of both components, they would receive £156.90 a week. Experts have warned that the country’s financial crisis will require further support to help those most in need. So far this year, inflation has hit a 30-year record high and energy bills are set to go up by £693 a year. Dan Paskins, the director of UK Impact at Save the Children, said: “Despite an increase of three percent to benefits from today, families will still be worse off and facing impossible choices such as whether to heat their homes or put food on the table. “We’re working with parents who are already stretched to the limit and tell us there’s nothing left to cut back. “The scale of the cost of living increases is putting huge pressure on budgets. Parents have told us they are skipping meals and relying on foodbanks to feed their children. “A rise that doesn’t even cover a pack of nappies per week when prices are spiralling across the board seems tokenistic to those bearing the brunt of the cost of living crisis. “This isn’t good enough. Families need direct support through the social security system, starting with an increase to benefits of at least eight percent to match price rises. “Anything less means a real term cut to families’ incomes and children will always pay the price.”