Queen Elizabeth II, 96, missed the state opening of Parliament for the first time in almost 60 years on Tuesday. It came as the monarch, who celebrates her Platinum Jubilee next month, continues to experience “episodic mobility problems”. In Her Majesty’s absence, her son Prince Charles read the Queen’s speech in the House of Lords – the first time in two centuries an heir to the throne has done so. The ceremonial address was largely focused on the economy as the nation continues to emerge from the coronavirus pandemic. Although the Queen’s speech sets out the Government’s agenda for the next year, Her Majesty does not comment on political matters herself and is expected to remain politically neutral. During her 70-year reign, the Queen has rubbed shoulders with hundreds of politicians and world leaders. One of Her Majesty’s most remarkable encounters came in 1978 when she hosted the murderous Romanian dictator Nicolae Ceaușescu and his wife Elena at Buckingham Palace. The Queen apparently took a dislike to the tyrant and “hid behind a tree” so she would not have to speak to him, according to royal historian Hugo Vickers, who discussed some of the most iconic moments of her reign in an interview with Express.co.uk. JUST IN: 'It has to stop!' Prince Charles told to put his foot down and snub Eugenie's royal claim The expert, who knows Her Majesty personally, helped plan her last three jubilees and has helped promote the Platinum Jubilee. He said: “She’s had President [Idi] Amin to lunch, she had [Nicolae] Ceaușescu staying. That was not a success. “Of course, what she’s very good at is, if the Foreign Secretary says, ‘We want President Ceaușescu of Romania to come on a state visit’, she will entertain him exactly the same way as everybody else. “But I seem to remember he was digging up the floorboards because he thought the place was bugged. “On one occasion he was walking in the garden, and she saw him coming and disappeared behind a tree very quickly so as not to have to bother with him much.” The bizarre moment is said to have occurred as the Queen could see the Ceaușescus coming her way as she walked her corgis in the Palace grounds. During their visit to the UK, the couple were greeted by the Queen and Prince Philip at London’s Victoria station. The trip was the first time a Communist head of state had made a state visit to the UK. Ceaușescu reigned over Romania as President from 1965 until he was overthrown in 1989. Under his brutal regime, thousands of people were killed, and the country was plunged into economic hardship. DON'T MISS: Prince William and Kate whiz to Manchester for poignant event after Queen's speech [LATEST]Royal POLL: Would you boo Meghan and Harry if they appeared on the palace balcony? [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Would you accept King Charles as regent for the Queen this year? [ANALYSIS] A decade on from his meeting with the Queen, he and Elena were executed in the Christmas revolution of 1989. The couple were swiftly tried at a military tribunal where they were found guilty of mass murder and other crimes. Mr Vickers claimed the Queen is well used to meeting all kinds of people. He said: “She behaves faultlessly on these occasions.” The royal expert claimed that Her Majesty takes meetings with people she dislikes in her stride. He said: “I don’t think I ever knew which particular person they were talking about but at one point, one of the private secretaries didn’t want her to meet some villain head of state. “And she said, ‘Well, I meet mass murderers and tyrants – or whatever the expression was – every day of my life’.”