Newcastle are still keen on signing Jesse Lingard on a free transfer when he leaves Manchester United at the end of the season, according to reports. Lingard is set to seek a new challenge away from Old Trafford over the coming weeks and months after turning down a new contract due to his lack of first-team minutes for the Red Devils in recent years. Lingard has only registered two Premier League starts for United since the beginning of the season and was targeted by Newcastle in January but was not allowed to leave Old Trafford in spite of his desire to join the Magpies on loan. It seems as though the Tyneside club will take another bite of the cherry by attempting to land the England ace on a permanent deal in advance of next season, according to Newcastle World.The report claims that Newcastle remain in the frame to snap up Lingard, with Eddie Howe still hopeful that a move for the 29-year-old can be engineered in spite of his failed January attempt to secure the player's services. Lingard is also being tracked by a number of other clubs, though, which suggests that Newcastle may need to provide him with an offer he cannot refuse in order to win the race for his signature.AC Milan and Juventus are said to be among the European sides to have been keeping tabs on Lingard in recent months and could offer the prospect of Champions League football in order to pip Newcastle to the post this summer. A romantic return to West Ham could also be on the cards if he decides to rejoin the club he represented on a temporary basis during the first half of 2021. JUST IN: What Ten Hag privately thinks about Ronaldo's form for Man Utd It remains to be seen whether Newcastle will be successful in their efforts to sign Lingard ahead of the competition from the Premier League and elsewhere on the continent in the not-too-distant future. The Magpies landed no less than five new players in January and have been tipped to spend heavily once again in the summer months as a result of their newly-found Saudi backing.Meanwhile, it seems as though Lingard's departure from United will be an acrimonious one after he was left on the substitutes' bench for their final home game of the season against Brentford on Monday evening. His brother and agent, Louie Scott, took to Instagram after the final whistle to slam the Red Devils over their failure to give Lingard a proper send-off despite the midfielder having spent the entirety of his professional career on their books. "20 years of blood sweat and tears, four domestic trophies, three cup final goals, not even a farewell," wrote Scott. "No wonder it’s Conference League next year."Attacking players for celebrations when the club’s being sold to the Super League, OK. Class of ‘92, Busby Babes, you’re ran by people who don’t even know the offside trap."Classless and the fans need to realise. Goodnight, God bless! Been there since nine years of age and didn’t even get a send-off!" Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here