Professor Valter Longo of the University of Wisconsin says consuming diets high in plant-based carbohydrates, eating less protein, and fasting are three ways a person can extend their life. Longo refers to his technique as the “longevity diet” with the focus not on losing weight but “slowing aging”. The longevity diet recommends individuals obtain 30 percent of their daily calories from healthy fats such as nuts, olive oil, and fish. Furthermore, the diet forms part of a growing trend towards swapping out processed food for a whole-foods and plants amid research suggesting a move towards a plant based diet could add 10 years to a person’s life. READ MORE: Kathleen Turner health: Actress on her rheumatoid arthritis As well as suggesting what a person eats, the longevity diet also takes into account not eating at all. Researchers suggest eating within a 12-hour period each day and not eating in the intervening period. This technique is known as intermittent fasting. While some studies have shown it can have benefits, others have also shown the opposite.  On fasting nutritionist Robert Wolf says it can cause side effects such as muscle loss, lethargy, and hunger. Wolff added there were more pleasurable ways to improve lifespan than fasting: “There are some things that work maybe as well or better than calorie restriction.” As a result, further research is required into whether intermittent fasting can provide a greater health positive than negative. What is certain is a reduction in processed foods can improve the body’s health. Meanwhile, another study has found a plant synthesised into an oil can help individuals live for longer. A recent study published in GeroScience has found CBD, part of the cannabis plant, induces a process known as Autophagy, where the body cleans out damaged cells and replaces them with fresh ones. In the animal models CBD has been shown to increase lifespans. However, until this study the exact mechanism wasn’t known; researchers now know CBD reduces a bodily process known as neuronal ageing, one associated with cognitive decline. Subsequently it is believed CBD could play a role in reducing the risk of Dementia by maintaining brain health. The study concluded: “Our study provides evidence that CBD contributed to extending lifespan and ameliorating the deterioration of ageing-related physical functions. “Our results are the first to provide the anti-ageing mechanism of CBD promoting lifespan and ameliorating neuronal ageing, which forms a basis for the possible application of CBD in improving neural health and longevity.” Subsequently it is hoped CBD could in the future form the basis of a preventative treatment for dementia.