The European Commission has raised the speculation of an economically damaging trade war with the UK, pledging to respond with “all measures at its disposal” if Liz Truss presses ahead with a plan to rewrite the Northern Ireland protocol. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss set out plans on Tuesday to table a bill that would make key changes to the protocol, including waiving all checks on goods flowing from Great Britain to Northern Ireland where they are not destined for the Republic of Ireland.  She said the UK Government still hoped to agree the changes it believes are necessary, calling these “comprehensive and reasonable”. She said: “Our preference is to reach a negotiated outcome with the EU. We have worked tirelessly to that end and will continue to do so.” Dismissing the threats, Mr Farage spoke to GB News’ Dan Wootton on Tuesday night and said: “The reality is there isn't going to be a trade war but I'm sorry to say this whole thing will drag on for months if not years.” He added that the EU has “had it in” for Britain ever since Brexit.   He also said: “I'm not scared of it one bit, there is this streak of vindictiveness against the British.” The deal - known as the protocol - is a special arrangement that keeps Northern Ireland aligned with the EU single market for goods, avoiding a hard border with the Republic of Ireland. The arrangement ensured free trade could continue across the Irish land border, which is a sensitive issue because of the history of conflict in Northern Ireland. But the protocol brought in some new checks on goods moving between Great Britain and Northern Ireland and has been criticised by unionist politicians since its introduction in 2021. READ MORE: Consumers face 'energy bill SHOCK' in direct debit payments  The Northern Ireland Protocol is part of the Brexit deal - it means lorries don't face checkpoints when they go from Northern Ireland (in the UK) to the Republic of Ireland (in the EU). Instead, when goods arrive in Northern Ireland from the rest of the UK (England, Scotland and Wales), they are checked against EU rules. The UK and the EU chose this arrangement because the Irish border is a sensitive issue due to Northern Ireland's troubled political history Talking about the protocol, Mr Farage said: “Please don’t pretend that this difficulty has emerged out of thin air. “So, what the Government is trying to do is to seek a compromise and actually the concept of red lanes and green lanes where goods that cross Northern Ireland from the mainland to the republic which is an EU country. DON'T MISS:Ukraine LIVE: Russia 'interrogate militants' threat to surrendered North Korea reports FIRST Covid death amid ‘explosive outbreak’Turbulent weekend for Brits with sweltering heat and thunderstorms “It sounds great and it sounds, at least that part of it, like a practical solution. The problem is, on the other side, we have the European Union. “Let me tell you something, they are not getting to budge one single inch. The ultimate decision has to be taken which is the scrapping of the protocol. “I suspect this thing is going to run on and on. I don’t think the Government has the courage to scrap the protocol. “The reality is there isn't going to be a trade war but I'm sorry to say that this whole thing will drag on for months if not years. “We should remember, particularly over Ukraine and gas and oil supplies from Russia, the EU today is more divided than ever before. They have far bigger problems on their plate but Northern Ireland.” 