Patricia Brake, who is best known for her roles in BBC sitcom Porridge and ITV drama Manhunt, has died aged 79 after being diagnosed with cancer, her family has said. Her agent, Scott Marshall Partners said Brake would be "sadly missed" by her friends, family, colleagues and fans. The actress' career spanned over six decades which saw her feature in roles including EastEnders, Emmerdale and Coronation Street. In a statement on Twitter, her agent Scott Marshall Partners said: “It is with great sadness that we announce the death of our client and well-loved stage and TV actress, Patricia Brake, at the age of 79, after a very long battle with cancer.” Tributes have poured in for the beloved actress on social media. Twitter user, Rob penned: "Goodnight Patricia Brake. For millions always Eldorado's troubled Gwen Lockhead or flighty Ingrid, Fletch's daughter, in Porridge among others. A veteran of tv drama and comedy. RIP." READ MORE: Maureen Lipman sparks fury as Brits push to 'abolish monarchy'   Paul Burton wrote: "I was very sad to hear that the actress Patricia Brake has passed away aged 79." Morris Bright commented: "Just hearing the sad news that actress Patricia Brake has passed aged 79. A fine and long career and always remembered with affection as Ronnie Barker's daughter, Ingrid Fletcher, in Porridge and sequel Going Straight." Joan Greening remarked: "I am so sad to hear that Patricia Brake has died. She was in two series of one of my sitcoms and was a truly lovely person. I really enjoyed working with her. RIP Pat." Chris Craft added: "Oh that’s sad news, Patricia Brake has died."  Born in Bath in 1942, she went to study at the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School when she was 16 years old. She found success in repertory theatre and joined the Royal Shakespeare Company in Stratford when still a teenager. During that season, she played Hermia in Peter Hall's A Midsummer Night's Dream, alongside Dames Judi Dench and Diana Rigg. She continued to work until last year when she played a rape victim in ITV drama Manhunt. DON'T MISS... Meghan Markle sparks divide as Garbage fume at 'obscene' visit[LATEST]Dan Walker's father-in-law unimpressed at Champions League final[TWITTER]A Place in the Sun's Laura Hamilton stuns in low-cut leopard swimsuit[PICTURES] She also worked in shows such as Truth Seekers by Nick Frost and Defending the Guilty by Alex McBride. The actress was best known to viewers for her role in Porridge. Patricia played Ingrid, the daughter of Ronnie Barker's Norman Stanley Fletcher and she reprised the same role in Going Straight, alongside Richard Beckinsale and Nicholas Lyndhurst. Over the years, she had roles in Midsomer Murders, Doctors, Casualty, Holby City, 2point4 Children and Eldorado. She also worked with the Two Ronnies and Morecambe and Wise and in the late 1970s was seen every Saturday night as Eth in The Glums. The actress married actor Robert McBain in 1966 but the former couple later divorced. She subsequently married Michael Kennedy in 1997. Patricia is survived by her children, step-children and grand-children. 