On the episode of Homes Under the Hammer, presenter Martel Maxwell was impressed with the Grade II listed house which was located in Cheshire. Martel said: “Just off this road, one of the busiest into the centre of Crewe, you wouldn’t really expect to find a property like the one I’m here to see today. This is not your average semi, it’s a Grade II listed, three-bedroom house.” The property, located just outside Crewe in Weston, had a guide price of £110,000. It lied within the Duchy of Lancaster’s Cheshire estate. Martel added: “Something tells me this is going to be really interesting.” Upon entering the house, viewers could see the Gothic archway as well as the interior of the home. READ MORE: Gardening: Top plants to 'increase' your property’s value The house consisted of two reception rooms, a small kitchen, three bedrooms and a bathroom. Although Martel explained all of the changes she would make to the home, she added that because it is a listed building, buyers would have to check for permission first. Upstairs was in need of modernisation, with the bathroom lacking “character”. A downside to the property was that there was no garden, only a small courtyard to the rear. DON'T MISS:I tried Astonish’s new cleaning paste - here's the results [PICTURES]Gardening: How to plant the best summer containers [EXPLAINER]‘Best order’ to renovate a home and increase your house price by £10k [COMMENT] However, Martel made an interesting discovery in one of the outbuildings. She said: “This is an original Victorian washer, and it’s amazing. So this is all stone and in the bottom you would stoke up the fire, which would heat up the water and you’d be rinsing your clothes. “It has a lot more charm than a white plastic washing machine.” So who purchased the property when it went to auction? The successful bid of £140,000 was made by dentist Christian, who paid £30,000 more than the guide price. With a budget of up to £15,000, Christian didn’t want to make any drastic changes to the properties, other than opening up its fireplaces. Other than that work, it was just cosmetic work he wanted to do. Homes Under the Hammer returned two years later to see the finished home. Martel said: “The home isn’t just for him [Christian], he met Emily, who’s from Seattle, whilst she was doing missionary work at his local church, and it’s safe to say they hit it off.” The old fireplace in the living room had been opened out, and a new log burner was installed. Martel said it creates a “very cosy” living area. The living room also had other touches including houseplants and soft furnishings such as patterned curtains and matching cushions. Next door, the kitchen had been transformed into a country-style space, with wooden worktops and cream cupboards. After renovating the whole home, Christian said he managed to keep costs £1,000 under his £15,000 budget. Two local estate agents visited the home after completion to share their thoughts on the property and how much it could sell for if Christian took it to market. One of the experts said: “The property has been beautifully restored, particularly the brand new kitchen. It’s had all the brickwork upstairs exposed, you’ve got the nice fireplaces there, and the front garden’s been done to a really nice standard as well.” The other estate agent said Christian had “done a great job” in restoring the property. If taken to market, the experts said it could sell for up to £200,000. With this figure, there was a potential £46,000 profit to be made. With a guide price of £110,000, the property value also increased by £90,000. However, Christian said that he was going to live in the home for the foreseeable future.