Sky is currently offering a very cheap way to get TV and broadband beamed into their homes with the satellite telly firm offering Sky Q and access to the web at its 'best ever' price. This deal can be grabbed for just £30 per month and includes Sky's award-winning set-top box plus fibre broadband with download speeds of 36Mbps. Those signing up for this Sky Q Lite bundle will get access to over 250 free-to-view channels including BBC, ITV, Channel 4 plus services such as Sky Arts, Film4, Paramount Network and Dave. This money-saving deal lasts for 18-months. If that's got you thinking that it's time to switch to Sky then you can find this Q Lite deal here. However, before you sign on the dotted line you might want to check out another deal from the company. The firm's NOW (formerly NOW TV) streaming service has just launched a pretty epic offer that includes broadband and access to the content-packed Entertainment bundle for just £26.99. READ MORE: You must unplug your Sky box, TV and Echo tonight! It will save you more than you think What makes this even better is that, unlike the Q Lite bundle, this plan includes premium channels such Sky Atlantic, Sky Comedy, Sky Nature MTV, Gold, Comedy Central and National Geographic. If you want these channels with the Q Lite bundle you need to pay another £9 per month taking that price up to £39. NOW's 36Mbps broadband costs £21 per month and an Entertainment Membership is usually priced at £9.99 but right now that's been dropped to just £5.99 for a whole 12 months. To make things even better, there's also the option to upgrade to faster Super Fibre (68Mbps) for the same price...bargain! The only disadvantage NOW has over Sky Q is that you can't record any shows and you will have to pay extra to watch in pin-sharp HD. If you want to know more you can find the deal here. It's worth noting that NOW requires a smart device if you want to watch with users needing a streaming box, smart TV or gaming console to tune in. NOW is also available on smartphones, tablets and PCs. News of this deal comes as Virgin Media has just announced the launch of its Sky rival called Stream. This diddy device allows users to watch content via the web and even arrives with a voice-powered remote. Where Virgin hopes Stream will excite consumers is that there is no long term contract to sign and services such as Disney+, Netflix and BT Sport can be chopped and changed each month. Express.co.uk attended the launch of Stream and you can find out more about this box here.