The Duke and Duchess of Sussex will be travelling from their home in California to attend celebrations for the monarch’s historic 70-year reign. A spokesperson for Meghan, 40, and Harry, 37, said they were “excited and honoured” to return to the UK next month. The couple will be joined by their children Archie, three, and Lilibet, who will celebrate her first birthday on June 4. The trip will mark the first time the 96-year-old monarch has met Meghan and Harry’s daughter, Lilibet ‘Lili’ Diana. After confirming their return to the UK, speculation has been high about where the couple will stay during their visit. The Sun claims the couple plan to stay at their first family home, Frogmore Cottage. The outlet reported that “heightened security measures” are already being implemented ahead of their arrival. The couple lived at the Windsor property before they quit their royal duties and relocated to the US two years ago. Despite now living in Santa Barbara, the Sussexes still lease Frogmore Cottage – which had previously undergone renovation work at an estimated cost of £2.4m in 2018-19. In a statement in 2020, Buckingham Palace said: “The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have shared their wish to repay Sovereign Grant expenditure for the refurbishment of Frogmore Cottage, which will remain their UK family home.” READ MORE: Sussexes 'still need to be seen as royal' as Netflix deal 'gone bad' As Prince Harry and Meghan have only returned to the UK together once since they stepped down from royal duties, the property is occupied by other members of the Royal Family. Harry’s cousin Princess Eugenie, her husband Jack Brooksbank and son August reside at the property. The Sun claims that Eugenie and Jack will host the Duke and Duchess of Sussex and their children in the guest rooms of Frogmore Cottage during their visit to the UK next month. Harry had previously stayed with his cousin at the cottage in April last year when he returned to attend their grandfather Prince Philip’s funeral. DON'T MISS William cuts 'very sombre' figure at Queen's Speech [ANALYSIS] Meghan Markle and Harry's 'astonished' by Queen's swift reaction [REVEAL]Queen 'deploys ring of steel' to stop Harry and Meghan documentary bid [INSIGHT] Eugenie, 31, has remained close to the Sussexes despite their move across the pond. The youngest daughter of Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson visited them in California earlier this year. Eugenie and Harry were among a host of star-studded guests attending the Super Bowl in Los Angeles in February. The royal cousins were pictured watching the Los Angeles Rams face off against the Cincinnati Bengals. The Royal Family members were spotted in the stands of the stadium wearing face masks and plainclothes with neither of them aligning themselves to a specific team. A few days later, Eugenie and Jack were pictured at a restaurant with Meghan and Harry. The Duke and Duchess were both pictured laughing at a story being told by Eugenie and Jack from across the table, as they all enjoyed an intimate dinner together. The trip made Eugenie the first royal visitor to the couple's home since Meghan and Harry moved to California in 2020.