Diets can be hard to navigate, especially as there is so much information about weight loss readily available on the internet. So, when it comes to losing weight, it is best to listen to the experts. A leading Australian dietician, Susie Burrell, has shared which times of day dieters shouldn’t eat during – saving them up to 750 calories. According to Susie, dieters who eat during some specific time frames consume up to 750 calories more per day than those who don’t. Susie calls these time frames “danger” times, and there are three of them, These are 11:01am, 3:14pm, and 9:31pm, according to research commission by a UK supplement company. A study showed those who ate during these times consumed hundreds more calories than those who didn’t. READ MORE: 'Low carb, low calories': Michael Mosley's rice recipe Susie explained these “danger” times could be the times of day people tend to snack the most, and that’s why they would consume more calories. It is likely these times are when people’s food cravings start to kick in. Speaking on 7News, Susie said: “Eating too few calories during the first half of the day is not only a trigger for late morning hunger and cravings, but also can leave you vulnerable to overeating later in the day.” That is why eating a big, balanced breakfast can lead to weight loss as it prevents slimmers from getting hungry during the morning and even the early afternoon.  It is also worth eating a healthy snack at 10:30am, such as yoghurt or a piece of fruit, which could help prevent hunger pangs. Susie recommended other healthy snacks, such as nut bars and vegetables with hummus. She said: “Unfortunately the types of foods we associate with snacking at this time of day again tend to be sweet, treat style foods – biscuits, chocolates and snack bars – which leave us feeling unsatisfied and more likely to snack until dinner time.” However, dark chocolate or just one biscuit is acceptable to snack on if slimmers are craving something sweet. According to Susie, it is best to stop eating and snacking by a certain time in the day – such as 8pm or 9pm. Dr Michael Mosley also believes in this – his top tip is to “try and stop eating by 8pm and then not eat anything again with calories before breakfast the next day”. However, not all dieticians and nutrition experts agree on this. Personal trainer Jordan Syatt said it is a myth that “eating before bed makes you gain weight”. He told Express.co.uk: “One of the easiest ways to dispel the myth that eating before bed makes you fat is to look at the research surrounding intermittent fasting. “People basically save most of their calories before they go to bed, and it is consistently found that as long as you are in a calorie deficit, you will lose weight. “Ultimately, a calorie is a calorie at 8am and 8pm. “It does not matter what time you are eating, it matters how much you are eating.”