Defence analyst Michael Clarke appeared to fire a stinging jibe at German efforts to supply Ukraine with heavy weaponry while presenting an update on the war on Sky News. Berlin has announced a shipment of Gepard anti-aircraft tanks to bolster Ukrainian defences amid attempted advances by Russia in the east of the country. The announcement by Germany was slapped down by Mr Clarke with sarcastic commentary on how the promised Gepards will only number 15 vehicles and do not arrive in the warzone until July. Mr Clarke told Sky News: "In the last, 24 hours or so is that the Germans have confirmed that they're going to send the Gepard anti-aircraft tank to Ukraine. "They promised this a little while ago, these are the Gepard basically a tank chassis with an anti-aircraft system on top. They're very good. "The Germans have said they're sending 15 of them, not 150 or 50, 15 of them, and they announced it originally in April. "They confirmed it now and they will arrive in July." "Meantime, the Ukrainians are going to have to hold on in the Donbas the under the pressure that they're currently suffering," he added. At the end of April, Germany announced that it would for the first time supply Kyiv with heavy weapons, namely Gepard air-defence tanks, after critics accused Berlin of dragging its heels on heavy weapons deliveries to Kyiv. Since then, Germany also pledged seven self-propelled howitzers to Kyiv and has started training Ukrainian troops on these guns. According to a government source, the Gepard tanks will be supplied with "sufficient" ammunition.  The source said there were enough rounds for almost 100 combat loadings, with one loading good to fight 25 targets. Ukraine's pleas for heavy weapons have intensified since Moscow has turned its fiercest firepower on the country's east and south, after failing to take the capital, Kyiv. Thousands of people have been killed, millions have been displaced and towns and cities have been devastated since Russia invaded on February 24. Russia says it has taken full control of the southern city of Mariupol in what it calls its "special military operation" in Ukraine, but its invasion has stalled in other areas and Ukraine has been bolstered by increasing arms supplies from its allies. Don't miss:British pride in royal family as they host Ukraine's refugees [COMMENT]Russia's doomsday weapons: Putin testing deadly 'flying Chernobyl' ... [REPORT]Ukraine LIVE: MoD pinpoints key flaw in Putin's 'degraded' attack plan [INSIGHT] Britain also wants to send modern weaponry to Moldova to protect it from the threat of invasion by Russia, The Telegraph have reported, citing Foreign Secretary Liz Truss. She told the newspaper that Russian President Vladimir Putin was determined to create a "greater Russia" even though his invasion of Ukraine had failed to achieve quick success. Russia has called the invasion it launched a "special military operation" aimed at disarming Ukraine and ridding it of radical anti-Russian nationalists. Moldova, which borders Ukraine to the southwest, is not a member of the NATO alliance.