Conor Coady scored a dramatic late equaliser as Wolves came from 2-0 down to draw 2-2 with Chelsea on Saturday at Stamford Bridge in front of the Blues' prospective new owner Todd Boehly. Romelu Lukaku opened the scoring from the penalty spot in the second half after VAR penalised Romain Saiss for a foul in the area before making it 2-0 minutes later with a measured strike from the edge of the box. Wolves got back into the game when they finally took one of the many counter-attack chances presented to them in the 79th minute as Trincao curled in. The visitors pushed for an equaliser and found it when Coady powered in a late header. Here are four things we learned from the match.    While events on the pitch are important for Chelsea, who need to make sure of third place in the Premier League, they pale in comparison to in the boardroom. Boehly and his consortium are edging towards becoming the club’s new owners after they signed an agreement with Chelsea on Friday to complete a takeover from Roman Abramovich. The American billionaire was in attendance at Stamford Bridge. He sat where Abramovich was frequently seen throughout the past 19 years and was shown in conversation with Chelsea chairman Bruce Buck. Boehly is used to sports ownership, thanks to his stakes in the LA Dodgers and LA Lakers, but this is a whole different kettle of fish. Chelsea fans will hope that this game will mark the start of a new post-Abramovich era. Lukaku provided Boehly with a happy afternoon in west London, until the last-gasp disappointment. It took the club’s record signing a long time to get going, but he delivered on Tuchel’s simple demand from his pre-match interview: to score goals. Wolves were warned in the first half, with Lukaku nearly getting on the end of Mateo Kovacic’s incisive pass into the six-yard box before he scuffed another effort from the edge of the box after spinning his defender. JUST IN: Leeds ace Phillips could leave due to clause amid Man Utd pursuit  But there were to be no second chances for Wolves, whose defence looked shell shocked after the break. Saiss was rightly pulled up by VAR for a cynical foul on Lukaku after he tried to usher the ball out over the byline and the Belgian striker gleefully accepted the opportunity by burying the resulting penalty. He made it 2-0 just two minutes later with an accurate finish into the bottom corner after more comedy defending from Conor Coady, who smashed a pass straight at Joao Moutinho to surrender possession. Lukaku now has 14 goals for the season, which is still under-par, but shows he still knows where the goal is, despite his injury and tactical problems this season. There are always a few teams who are accused of already being on the beach in the final few weeks of the season. Before Coady's late goal Wolves’ form, if not their performances, had suggested they were one of them. Having enjoyed such a promising campaign under Bruno Lage, they appeared at risk of letting it peter out. Defeat in west London would have been Wolves’ fifth from their last six games and their eighth from 11. Coady's stunning late header ensured that was not to be the case.  Wolves' defence used to be a picture of consistency but has become sloppy and careless in recent weeks. The remained the case at Stamford Bridge and it appeared their late of firepower would haunt them too. They had plenty of chances against Chelsea, who were susceptible to the counter-attack in the first half, but simply didn’t take them. Leandro Dendoncker put a rebound over the bar after Edouard Mendy pushed Pedro Neto’s shot straight to him while Rayan Ait-Nouri showed zero composure in blasting wide in another opening just before the break. Thankfully for the visitors, Trincao and Coady came up with the good late on. Chelsea started in their customary 3-4-3 formation, with Reece James and Marcos Alonso providing the width and Lukaku flanked by Christian Pulisic and Timo Werner in attack. But the ease with which Wolves created chances on the counter-attack saw Tuchel change things around at the break. Alonso was replaced by Saul Niguez as Chelsea went to a 4-3-3 formation, with Azpilicueta moving from right centre-back to left-back. It did not make much difference in truth, with the Blues wide open once again for Trincao’s goal and left wanting when Coady came up from the back in injury-time. There were similar issues at the other end of the pitch, too, with the strike partnership between Werner and Lukaku not clicking. There were several occasions where Lukaku was left frustrated with Werner’s decision-making. It won't be the talking point after the defensive calamity, but Tuchel's decision to switch things around and leave Mason Mount and Kai Havertz on the bench can be questioned. 