Now, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in the United States has issued a warning over statins and the side effects they cause. They have added to the list of side effects patients can expect to potentially experience. These include dementia-like symptoms such as:• Memory loss• Forgetfulness• Confusion. READ MORE: High cholesterol; Three smelly symptoms associated with high levels Despite the unnerving nature of these side effects, it is important to note these are not inevitable occurrences of taking statins and most do not experience side effects. Common side effects of the drugs include:• Headache• Dizziness• Feeling sick• Feeling unusually tired or physical weak• Constipating• Diarrhoea• Indigestion• Farting• Muscle pain• Sleep problems.  All symptoms of statins will normally be present on the leaflet present with each packet of medication. Should an individual in the UK experience a side effect not listed, they still have the ability to take action through the Yellow Card Scheme. Set up by the government in the 1960s, the scheme allows people to report issues with medicines and medicinal products. After submitting a form the MHRA, the Government’s medicinal regulatory authority, reviews the complaint and can subsequently take action in response. During the COVID-19 pandemic, a Covid-specific Yellow Card Scheme was set up for individuals to report issues with Covid tests and medications. Whether this scheme continues in the long term is uncertain. What is certain in the short term is the ongoing presence of COVID-19. So far, the virus has caused the deaths of over 177,000 Britons, the equivalent of the population of Kingston upon Thames. In its wake too, the virus has left close to two million people suffering with a new chronic disease known as long Covid. So far scientists have remained baffled both by what causes the condition and how to treat it. Patients have reported symptoms varying from day to day with no discernible pattern. Going forward it is hoped more research and funding will be dedicated to treating the growing number of patients with long Covid.