Prince Andrew has yet another battle on his hands, but this time it’s an internal matter of who will get a much wanted royal property from the Queen. The Queen’s son has largely stepped back from public life following his high profile case with Virginia Guiffre, which was settled out of court earlier this year. The Duke of York and his daughter Princess Eugenie reportedly have their eye on one of the Queen’s grace and favour properties in the grounds of Windsor Castle. But at the same time, heir to the throne Prince William and Kate Middleton reportedly also have a stake in the house and may move from their Norfolk home Anmer Hall to be closer to the Queen. The move would suit the Cambridges and their three children, George, 8, Charlotte, 7, and Louis, 4, after the Queen decided to make Windsor Castle her permanent residence. A royal insider said the Cambridges saw Adelaide Cottage as the “only option”. Read More: Sussexes tipped for 'second Oprah interview' for 'damage control' They said: “Finding a way to make Adelaide Cottage work seems to be the best and only option. “There are issues with all the other houses, so Adelaide will be the favourite.” One royal source said Prince Andrew “had been trying to secure Adelaide Cottage for a while for when she moves out of Frogmore” and “before Andrew’s most recent scandal, it was definitely a property he was [also] trying to secure for his daughter”. But the Duke of Cornwall could be forced to step in if the arrangement isn’t resolved between the royals. Royal expert Andrew Pierce said that Charles has to “put his foot down” and not grant minor and distant royals grace and favour properties. He said: “It has got to stop. Besides, William, Kate, and Harry, if he was ever to come back, the rest should not get a royal residence.” Royal expert Richard Eden also said: “As the future king, I think William has the first refusal. "If they want it, they get it.” DON'T MISS'A game-changer' Meghan's secret weapon for battling anxiety revealed [ANALYSIS]Queen’s Platinum Jubilee: Where will the Royals be? [EXPLAINED]Kate and William 'foolish not to be suspicious' during Sussexes's stay [EXPERT] Where is Adelaide Cottage? The cottage is nestled in Home Park in Windsor, just a few minutes away from Windsor Castle. Built in 1831, using parts of the Royal Lodge at the time, which was partly demolished and re-used to built Princess Adelaide's cottage. The Grade II listed property underwent major renovations in 2015 and has been a grace-and-favour property since 1945. A grace-and-favour property is a residence belonging to the monarch due that can be gifted to others, in whatever way the Queen sees fit. For example, the house is the former home of Princess Margaret’s partner Group Captain Peter Townsend, who lived there from 1944 to 1952. The most recent person to live in Adelaide Cottage was Simon Rhodes, who is the son of the Queen’s cousin, Margaret Rhodes. The property is a stone’s throw from Prince Andrew’s current residence, where he lives with his ex-wife the Duchess of York.