Charlie Hedges, former head of the Child Exploitation and Online Protection unit at the National Crime Agency and expert at Amber Alert, said that during his time in the force he implemented guidance that such missing person cases should be put on a rotating review. He praised the work of the Metropolitan Police in investigating Maddie’s disappearance, but admitted that “nothing can be forever”.  It comes as authorities in Portugal have named convicted rapist and child sexual abuser Christian B as an “arguido”, or named suspect, in their investigation. The German national was identified as the prime suspect in Madeleine's disappearance by investigators in Braunschweig in June 2020. Police suspect he may be responsible for the killing of Maddie. Christian B has always denied all allegations in relation to the disappearance of Madeleine McCann. The latest move is linked to Portugal’s statute of limitations, which typically prevents crimes which carry a maximum prison sentence to be prosecuted over fifteen years after they were committed.  READ MORE: Maddie McCann: What does the latest breakthrough mean? Madeleine McCann As the anniversary of Madeleine’s disappearance draws closer, it is believed Portuguese investigators want to leave open the possibility of charges should they find sufficient evidence. Sister paper the Mirror reported last week that Christian B had been questioned by German investigators, on behalf of the Portuguese authorities, about Madeleine McCann after being given the new legal status. The fresh attention being aimed at Christian B comes after claims that the Metropolitan Police would be shutting down Operation Grange, dedicated to the case, after 11 years. A source told the Sun last month that officers had been unable to secure sufficient evidence to bring a charge against Christian B.  The operation – which is estimated to have cost the Home Office £13 million – could be reopened if significant new information were to come to light. The decision to close it down would also have implications for Kate and Gerry, Madeleine’s parents: whereas German officers investigating the disappearance believe Madeleine to be dead, the Metropolitan Police has always treated Operation Grange as a missing persons case. Asked to comment on the claims, Mr Hedges said: “Well, I think nothing can be forever. If you've hand on heart, say you've done absolutely every possible thing you can, then you can't keep a case open for infinity. “However, the guidance that I wrote years ago, and still stands in the professional practice for police around this, is that the case should constantly be reviewed, either on a timely basis to make sure it's put in the diary to be done on a regular basis or if evidence arises, then you should look at it.  DON'T MISS Brexit: Major shock as EU imports fall by a quarter [ANALYSIS] Lavrov fires chilling threat to US 'Make sure New York NEVER forgets' [REPORT] Emmanuel Macron SNUBS Boris! President speaks to Biden but not PM [INSIGHT] “What should never happen [is] for it be parked and forgotten. It should always be there and be on a rotating basis with the review.” Madeleine went missing when she was three years old, while her family were on holiday in the Algarve in 2007. She and her siblings had been left asleep in the couple’s ground-floor apartment on May 3 that year. Her parents checked in on the children throughout the evening, until Kate discovered Madeleine was missing at around 10pm. While not in the Metropolitan Police’s jurisdiction, in 2011 the Home Office granted a special fund to aid the Portuguese investigation.  Mr Hedges added: “If you look at it in its purest sense, she went missing in Portugal. That's where the whole thing lives. And that's where the ownership is. “We're very good in the UK at picking up cases of UK nationals who are in these situations, and that's to be commended and is a great thing. But if you're looking at it as a purist, then what role is there for the UK police? They're not there to lead the investigation.  “Clearly, they want to support families in the UK – and let's not misconstrue any of this, I think it's really important that we do these things for families – but the ultimate responsibility does lay with the Portuguese police.” Mr Hedges noted that while the “investigation team” might be closed down, under his guidance the case is not, instead being “constantly reviewed and monitored”. 