The portrait was painted by Ai-Da Robot, the world’s first ultra-realistic robot artist, to mark the Platinum Jubilee celebrations next week. Ai-Da used cameras in her eyes and her computer memory to create the work of art, using Artificial Intelligence (AI) to paint Her Majesty with her robotic arms. The humanoid robot is named after Ada Lovelace - the first computer programmer of her time. Ai-Da, who is able to talk using an advanced AI language model, said: "I'd like to thank Her Majesty the Queen for her dedication, and for the service she gives to so many people. “She is an outstanding, courageous woman who is utterly committed to public service. I think she's an amazing human being, and I wish The Queen a very happy Platinum Jubilee.” Ai-Da used a variety of complex artistic AI algorithms to paint, draw and abstract before moving onto the canvas. She then used her robotic arm to bring her digital transformations to life, drawing and painting onto the canvas to create a unique work of art, titled Algorithm Queen.  Her work was layered and scaled to give the final multi-dimensional portrait of Her Majesty. Ai-Da Robot’s creator and project director Aidan Meller said the robot’s artistic process reflected the many aspects of technological change that have taken place during the Queen’s 70-year reign. Mr Meller said: “Thank you to the Queen for her 70 years of service. We are excited Ai-Da Robot has made history just in time for the Queen’s Jubilee. “The Queen has been a stable and strong leader in a period of extraordinary change and development in history. READ MORE: Jubilee bunting row as council claim OWN plastic flags 'too noisy' “We are in unprecedented technological times, and so we are pleased we can take a moment to think about all that has changed during the Queen’s life. “Algorithm Queen’ by Ai-Da Robot gives us a marker of how far things have come in her life, and a great way to acknowledge her faithful service.” The Queen has witnessed an unprecedented technological innovation over her reign. At the time of her coronation in 1953, the first circuit board computers had only just been invented.  DON'T MISS:Royal Family LIVE: Queen lifeline - Harry's 'explosive' memoir paused [LIVE]Anti-Queen posters appear in nine cities days before Jubilee [BREAKING]Kate steals Queen's nifty trick as Duchess takes over Palace parties [LATEST] The 70 years since have seen the birth of machine learning and artificial intelligence, which have shaped the modern world. Algorithm Queen will be exhibited in London later this year. The portrait is one of many created by Ai-Da in recent years, including a self-portrait that was exhibited at The Design Museum London. It follows a host of high-profile exhibitions, including at the V&A Museum, the Tate Modern and the United Nations. 