Lando Norris underwent medical checks after the Spanish Grand Prix as the McLaren star continues to feel unwell. The Briton skipped media interviews after the race and was not seen on the grid during the race build-up. It is understood Norris has regularly tested negative for coronavirus but has shown a range of symptoms such as a fever and headaches. A McLaren statement said: “Lando, unfortunately, won’t be attending the post-race media pen as he is being checked by our team doctor. He has been feeling unwell throughout the weekend and while cleared to race, with the extraordinary heat today, the team are now ensuring he is receiving a full health check." Despite his illness, Norris finished eighth to secure some points for the team. Ted Kravitz addressed Norris’ illness directly after the race, claiming he was in a ‘bit of a bad way’. READ MORE: Lando Norris hits out at 'silly' F1 rule at Spanish Grand Prix He said: “All weekend, I saw him on Friday. He had a bit of a red eye and thought it might be hay fever initially. He did a load of Covid-19 tests, they've all shown up negative, proper PCR tests as well so it's not Covid-19. "But he has all the symptoms, he has a fever, a headache, he’s been unwell.” Kravitz added: "He actually missed the Spanish and Catalan national anthems at the beginning of the event. There's a gap, there’s only 19 drivers there as Lando was getting some attention and some last-minute fuel in terms of some hydration or something else he needed to actually complete the race.” Norris addressed his illness directly after qualifying as he revealed he was suffering with vision problems. He said: "I'm suffering with my throat, my eyes and seeing, which doesn't help. I've got many things. My sleep and energy levels are probably the worst I've had in a long time. Not at my peak this weekend." DON'T MISSNorris with Alonso after F1 icon rips into FIA in pre-Spanish GP rant [INSIGHT]Norris accused of lying about height by Latifi as Vettel also shocked [ANALYSIS]Norris explains where Hamilton has 'one of the best cars on the grid' [COMMENT] The result means Norris lies seventh in the drivers’ standings, just behind Lewis Hamilton. McLaren sit fourth in the constructors' standings but the gap to nearest rival Mercedes has now been stretched after the Silver Arrows' excellent result in Spain. George Russell finished third for his second podium of the season while Hamilton came back from an early accident to finish fifth. It means McLaren are now 70 points behind the German manufacturer in the standings.