Manchester United co-owner Avram Glazer has labelled the club's season 'disappointing' in a rare interview. Despite United's misfortune this term, Glazer has insisted the club will work hard to ensure improvement under Erik ten Hag and hinted at further transfer expenditure to back the new manager. Sky Sports caught the 61-year-old for 30 seconds on Monday, and at first, after asking whether he was disappointed with United's torrid season, were dismissed: "I don't think this is the time to talk about that." But after being told of the fans' disappointment and reminded that he was the club's owner, Glazer opened up about his discontent with the 2021-22 campaign. "It is a disappointing season," Glazer explained. "It's a disappointing season for everyone." When asked about his confidence in new manager Erik ten Hag to spearhead improvement, he added: "We're going to work hard to make next season a better season. That's why we hired him. He's going to do a great job." Often criticised for their money management at the club since their controversial 2005 takeover, Glazer also suggested that the owners were set to financially back Ten Hag in his first transfer window at Old Trafford. "We've always spent the money necessary to buy new players," he concluded before hurrying into a building. JUST IN: Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag refuses to back Ralf Rangnick  Joel Glazer has been the mouthpiece in the family's increased commitment to connecting with the fanbase since the fallout of the shameful European Super League attempt last year. But Avram has remained quiet, and, for many supporters, his comments to Sky Sports will be the first they've heard him speak. United are under pressure to back Ten Hag in a summer window where significant change is needed among playing staff. With at least six first-team players already leaving on free transfers, the Dutchman will want a handful of recruits to start shaping his squad at the foot of a rebuild at Old Trafford. READ MORE: Man Utd boss Ten Hag explains McClaren return and more Ten Hag is in no rush to meet his new squad for the first time and, during his introductory press conference at Old Trafford on Monday, explained that he would start work with the players when pre-season begins. He is understood to have told United to offload players that don't feature in his plans before the June 27 return date. He told reporters: "I'm still in the process of analysing, to set conclusions. I look forward to working with these players. The season before, this squad was second in the league, so huge potential. No, I don't speak with the players now; they need a break to reflect. I will speak with the players at the end of June and in the first week of July." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here