Charlene, 44, returned to Monaco in March after a prolonged absence due to recent health issues, which saw her unable to leave South Africa for months. The Princess, who is married to the Principality’s Sovereign Prince Albert II, started treatment at a Swiss clinic in November after suffering from what the Palace described as a “state of profound general fatigue”. The former Olympic swimmer’s recovery was positive, the Palace said in March, adding that doctors expected her health to “further strengthen” over the coming weeks. Earlier this month, Charlene, Albert and their twins Princess Gabriella and Prince Jacques, were able to celebrate Easter together. The couple marked the occasion by sharing a photo of the family sitting near a pool outside in the sun in their first appearance together since November. Charlene posted the charming snap on her Instagram page with the message “Happy Easter”. Although Monaco’s Royal Family has released some information about Charlene’s health and said last month that her recovery is “encouraging”, it is unclear if the Princess is still ill. The Palace has generally been “tight-lipped” about her health, the royal commentator Brittani Barger claimed. JUST IN: Beatrice's 'risky gesture' to Andrew and Queen labelled 'shocking' The deputy editor of Royal Central discussed the Palace’s generally “vague” language in an interview with Express.co.uk. She said: “That is exactly what the Princely Palace usually does. They are very vague. “It took them a while to actually even issue an update on Charlene when she was in South Africa. “That led to a lot of speculation of ‘Did she run away? What was going on?’ “So then, when the speculation and rumour started, it kind of forced their hand to say something. “They are known to be very, very vague and tight-lipped.” The Palace has not responded to a request for comment about Charlene's current situation. Charlene embarked on a trip to South Africa last year for what was initially planned as a ten-day visit. The royal travelled to the country where she grew up to work with her foundation to raise awareness about the risks of drowning and to help children learn to swim. However, she experienced health difficulties during the trip, including an ear, nose and throat infection. DON'T MISS: Queen Jubilee 2022 dates: The four-day bank holiday schedule in full [LATEST]Royal POLL: Do you think William and Kate should move closer to the Queen? [INSIGHT]Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have 'no room to heal' relationship with Royal Family [ANALYSIS] The Princess was unable to fly due to her health difficulties, meaning her stay in the African nation ended up lasting six months. Ms Barger claimed Monaco’s Royal Family is different to other monarchies due to the Principality being such a “private” place. She said: “I think they are such a small principality. They are just a very different Royal Family from everyone else. “They don’t undertake as many engagements. They are just very different all in all. “They don’t announce their engagements ahead of time. You get press releases after. “I think, with it being the kind of hub for the rich and famous. “Monaco itself is a very private country where people can go to escape.” The expert added: “So, I think that the Princely Family just goes with what Monaco is supposed to be. “They just stay private. And Monaco people don’t seem to care that they are so tight-lipped.”