Manchester City celebrity fan Noel Gallagher has revealed that Ruben Dias’ dad left him covered in blood after accidentally headbutting him at the Etihad Stadium during the Citizens’ victory over Aston Villa on Sunday. City overturned a two-goal deficit to win the match 3-2 as they clinched the Premier League title. “Well, let me tell you what happened to me yesterday,” the ex-Oasis star told talkSPORT on Monday morning. “As the third goal goes in, there is absolute bedlam, as you can imagine, in the stadium. And where we sit, Ruben Dias' family are in the box, a couple of boxes up. I'm jumping around like an idiot, passing my 11-year-old son around like the Premier League trophy - everyone's lifting him up. “And I turn around and Ruben Dias' dad runs straight into me - headbutts me. I'm on the floor covered in blood. I don't see the last two minutes - I've got to get taken down by St John's Ambulance to get stitched up. “I've got stitches in my top lip, I’ve got two black eyes. As I'm going down the corridor, Pep is running up crying and we hug each other. He says, ‘what's up with your face?’ And I said, ‘go and be with your players.’ READ MORE: Mahrez says Liverpool 'hate' Man City, plans to add misery on Reds  “If you saw me today, I look like I've just arrived home from the 80s at Elland Road - I look like I've had my head smashed in. It's unbelievable. Loads of City fans are asking me what happened and I'm just saying, ‘you'll never guess.’ “There's not a mark on him [Dias' dad]. He's a big bear of a man. He almost knocked my teeth out. I've got rehearsals today - but the good thing about that is I've got three Liverpool fans in my band.” DON'T MISS...Man Utd boss Ralf Rangnick's final three words as bossMan Utd star David de Gea fires shots at team-mates with transfer callTen Hag will have learned four things from Man Utd’s defeat to Palace   City’s victory means they have now won the Premier League title in four of the last five seasons. But they had to secure their latest trophy the hard way after Matty Cash had put Villa ahead and Philippe Coutinho had doubled their advantage with just over 20 minutes remaining. City eventually turned the game around in the space of just five minutes as substitute Ilkay Gundogan bagged a brace and Rodri got his name on the scoresheet in between. Guardiola’s side needed the three points to claim the silverware as their title rivals Liverpool beat Wolves 3-1 at Anfield. And Gallagher and his fellow City fans were ultimately able to celebrate yet another trophy.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here