Dr Mosley explained, however, that this is only the case with "super sweet" fruits. He said: "Fruit is great if you’re healthy but if you have weight to lose, then switching to less sugary fruits might be wise." Good alternatives are "apples and berries," Michael Mosley told sbs.com. Other fruits which contain a lot of natural sugar include mangoes, melons and pineapples. He explained: "One average-sized mango contains 45 grams of sugar. To put that in comparison with other fruits, one cup of grapes has 23 grams, a cup of raspberries has five grams, while a whole avocado contains 1.33 grams of sugar." Dr Mosley recommended having berries and grapes instead. READ MORE: Nutritionist shares common drinks that 'hinder weight loss' As an alternative to fruit, dieters can opt for unsalted nuts or vegetables when looking for a healthy snack. The NHS recommends the average healthy adult consumes at least five portions of fruit and vegetables a day. The NHS site states: "There's evidence that people who eat at least five portions of fruit and vegetables a day have a lower risk of heart disease, stroke and some cancers." However, as Dr Mosley suggested, avoiding high sugar fruits may be the best option when trying to lose weight.  Healthline explained: "A serving of watermelon is just one cup, so indulging in three or four cups of watermelon can easily put you somewhere near a can of sugary soda in terms of sugar. "Of course, all fruit contains a lot more vitamins, minerals, and fibre compared to sugary processed snacks. "High fibre foods slow down digestion, which means your blood sugar won’t spike as quickly after eating fruit. "As with most things in life, moderation is key." According to MedicalNewsToday, these are the fruits with the highest sugar levels that dieters, as well as people with diabetes, should avoid: Very ripe bananas Dried dates Watermelons Pineapples Best low-sugar fruits, according to Healthline: Lemons (and limes) Raspberries Strawberries Blackberries Kiwis Grapefruit Avocado Watermelon Oranges Peaches