Jack made his first appearance as Noah on Emmerdale in 2009, brought in as the five-year-old son of returning character at the time, Charity Dingle (Emma Atkins). Over the years, the actor has portrayed the character during various moments in his life, from watching his mother romance several men and women in the village to his recent storyline which has involved Noah stalking Chloe Harris (Jessica Elland). The youngster is 18-years-old in the ITV show, meaning he will face the punishment of an adult for his disturbing behaviour but this isn't how old Jack is in real life. The young soap star is actually 20-years-old, with his age made known in his personal biography on his Instagram page. It is reported his birthday is September 19 and he was born in 2001, meaning this autumn he will turn 21 years of age. This means he is in fact two years younger than his character, with Noah recently celebrating his coming-of-age a couple of months ago. Although his character was just five-years-old when he was introduced to the cast, Jack was actually eight-years-old. He is not the only character to appear younger on the show as the likes of Joe Warren-Plant is also older than his character, Jacob Gallagher. READ MORE: EastEnders theory: Beloved family torn apart in resident exit plot Despite having 16,300 followers on Instagram, the actor doesn't tend to post much about his private life and life away from the camera. Whereas many other famous faces have pictures of them celebrating their birthdays on social media, Jack doesn't seem to have any. It, therefore, seems he likes to keep his life off-screen out of the public eye as much as possible, with no indication if he is in a relationship or not. When Noah turned 18 a couple of months ago, he wanted to make a big song and dance about it, with the youngster wanting to have outlandish parties with lots of alcohol. However, his recent storyline means he has become an adult very quickly and he will have a lot of questions to face in the coming weeks. Although he loves working on the show, Jack has found it quite difficult to be out in public as some people believe he is like his character Noah. Speaking with Express.co.uk and other media, the soap star said: "Well you do get the odd little interaction in public where people think that you might be like your character in real life. "But I promise I’m not. "But yes, it’s been really different and I played a totally different side to Noah," the actor explained, defending himself. "Maybe more of the Tate side, that’s never really come through before. It’s been good, especially because he has the background for it and he has the motives for it, and you can see why these things have happened to him and why he’s got these wrong thoughts." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale star Liam Fox shows off fairytale home with co-star wife [PICTURES]Sally Dexter: Star on family's history of heart problems [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock 'shocked' over 'sheer weight' of stroke plot [COMMENT] As the actor has grown up, so has his character and viewers have seen the soap star go from a child to an adult on-screen. This is why it has been quite a shock to viewers to see such a loveable young boy turned so troubled in his early adult years. Explaining a bit more about his character's ways, Jack said: "With his past around girls, he's not really acted well. "He's not acted in the right way and with his mum, Charity, and her very interesting relationships throughout his growing up. "I think it's all had a negative effect on women and how he should act around women. I think he's really got it all wrong." On whether his troubled alter-ego could be redeemed, Jack added: "Right now, I don’t think there’s any way back. "Unless he gets serious help and has a serious few conversations with people about mindset and the way you think about women and the way you should act around women." In Tuesday night's episode, he discovered he could be going to prison for what he did to Chloe, having come of age where he can be sentenced as an adult. Angry over this, he blamed his mother Charity for taking his future away from him as she was the one who reported him to the police. Even she didn't realise the severity of his punishment, believing he could face community service and be ordered to attend counselling sessions. The actress who plays Chloe and Jack's co-star, Jessica, has spoken out on the soap tackling such an important storyline. Jessica explained: "It’s always interesting from an actor’s standpoint to get these types of scenes, because like we’ve been talking about, there is so much going on. "What was really great is working with Jack on this storyline. He was really dedicated and worked so hard, and it really paid off, because he gave such a fantastic performance! "It’s nice because in real life he’s completely different from Noah, so in between takes, we could have a bit of a laugh, which was nice to do especially when we were filming the heavier stuff," she told Metro.co.uk. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.