Max Verstappen’s future team-mate could be decided as part of Porsche and Audi’s deal to enter F1. Volkswagen chief executive Herbert Diess has made it clear the company wants a German driver in both the Porsche and Audi teams when they enter the sport. Although no official confirmation has been made, Porsche is expected to join forces with Red Bull. Volkswagen has previously worked alongside Red Bull in the World Rally Championship which means a connection is already there. Verstappen’s current Red Bull deal runs until 2028 meaning a new driver will be introduced while he is still in the team. Of the current crop of German talent, Sebastian Vettel and Nico Hulkenberg are likely to be retired by the time 2026 comes around. Mick Schumacher could be an option but the Ferrari young driver is unlikely to be allowed to leave for a rival team. The news could potentially open a door for former F1 driver Pascal Wehrlein to make a comeback or provide a chance for one of the many German youngsters. READ MORE: Max Verstappen 'not as extreme' as Sebastian Vettel David Schumacher, son of Ralf, is currently participating in Formula 3 and could be an option if his progression continues. Diess said the brand’s decision to enter F2 has partly been brought about by the new 2026 engine regulations. He added the new package means teams will need to build a new engine which is a once a decade opportunity. He said: “You need five or 10 years to be among the front runners. In other words, you can only get onboard if you have a major rule change. That's coming now, and it will also come in the direction of 2026, when the engines will be electrified to a much greater extent, including with synthetic fuels. “That means you need a new engine development and you need three or four years to develop a new engine. DON'T MISSWhy Max Verstappen's Red Bull set-up is 'hard' for Sergio Perez [COMMENT]Max Verstappen given boost ahead of Miami GP as Red Bull solve issues [INSIGHT]Red Bull chief Christian Horner outlines 'competitive' Ferrari fear  [ANALYSIS] "That means you can decide now to do Formula 1 - or then probably not again for 10 years. And our two premium brands think that's the right thing to do, and are prioritising it." Audi and Porsche have had notable success at motorsport’s highest level. Both manufacturers have won multiple Le Mans 24 Hours races and scored victories in Formula E. However, Diess said both brands believe F1 was the ‘most important lever to boost brand value’.