New research from GetAgent has unveiled the most popular garden plants of 2022, according to Instagram. Property experts from the company have also paired with expert gardener Craig Wilson from Gardeners Dream to share the flowers which could increase or decrease a home’s value. According to the research, tulips are the most popular plant species this year, with more than eight million hashtags online. While a tulip may be a popular option, Craig explained that a hydrangea could add value to a home. He said: “Having a beautiful garden can certainly increase the return on investment on your property, and flowers play a leading part in this. “The three flowers I believe to provide the biggest return on investment include hydrangeas, peonies and eucalyptus. “Hydrangeas are cheap, cheerful and a classic. READ MORE: ‘Best order’ to renovate a home and increase your house price by £10k “Everyone loves hydrangeas so there is very little chance of putting prospective buyers off.” Peonies are low maintenance which makes them attractive for buyers looking at homes to buy. Craig added: “They’re also a great option for keeping the garden looking great even if the buyers are casual or part time gardeners. “They thrive in both warm and cold climates so can be left to fend for themselves as long as they are kept out of the wind.” DON'T MISS:‘Easy’ and ‘inexpensive’ methods to get rid of ‘pesky’ garden bugs [COMMENT]Interior design: ‘Key’ to a ‘cosy’ and ‘relaxing’ home [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share how to get rid of ‘musty’ washing machine smells [EXPLAINER] The expert said they just need a bit of sun and soil to thrive. Peonies are also a great option for those with a small garden as they can grow in containers too. Craig continued: “I’d say for people interested in using plants for medicinal properties [eucalyptus] could help drive up the price and/or attractiveness a little. “Though these flowers didn’t make it into the most popular plants on Instagram, false indigos also provide a great return on investment for homeowners. “They are pest and disease free and they are consistent in flowering, so are always there as a nice backdrop whenever you decide to sell up.” The gardening expert also recommended crocus flowers as they provide nectar and pollen for long seasons. According to Craig, homeowners should be wary of Japanese knotweed, an invasive weed in the UK. He said: “We all know that plants such as Japanese knotweed can reduce a property’s value but unfortunately it isn’t clear by how much. “It all depends on the size of the property, the degree and the level stage of infestation. “How close the knotweed is to the house is one of, if not the biggest factor in property valuations. “However, from what I have seen, the plant can reduce a property’s value between five percent in minor cases right up to 15 percent or even 20 percent in the case of severe infestations.” This is because Japanese knotweed can cause major damage to a property, since its roots can crack the concrete and damage the foundations of a house. It also has the ability to block drainage pipes and other structures underground. This includes water pipes, cables and even structural damage to cellars. Craig added: “Depending on the severity and how early you can catch it, it can be anything from £1,000 to £20,000 to remove the plant from your home, with the average spend being between £3,000 and £5,000.”