The Epsom Derby takes place on Saturday, June 4, and the Royal Family are expected to make an appearance at the high profile event. There have been reports that the Queen will give the Derby a miss this year so she can prepare for other Platinum Jubilee events, but the Queen will surely catch all the action at home on TV if she can't watch the spectacle in person this year. The Queen is a renowned horse owner and breeder, and she has carried on a long royal tradition of supporting British horse racing throughout her reign. Along with her love of the Derby, the Queen is a regular guest at Royal Ascot every year, which is said to be one of the most important fixtures in her calendar. Royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams told Express.co.uk: "The Queen is one of the top royal enthusiasts for the turf. She follows in the tradition of Queen Anne, George IV and Edward VII. "Though her horse Aureole came second in the Epsom Derby in her coronation year of 1953, it is the only one of the English classic races that she has not won. READ MORE: Meghan's recent appearances spark claims that Sussexes are in trouble  "The Queen, who was inducted into the Racing Hall of Fame last October, is one of the world’s authorities on equine matters. Royal Ascot is reportedly the first date in her diary each year. "Though sadly she will not have a horse running in this year’s Epsom Derby as she had hoped and mobility issues will reportedly prevent her from attending, she will undoubtedly watch it and perhaps send a message virtually." A poignant tribute has been planned for the Queen at the Derby this year involving the Queen's former and current jockeys to mark the Platinum Jubilee. Mr Fitzwilliams added: "Her retired racehorses will parade and her jockeys will form a guard of honour wearing her purple and gold colours to celebrate."  The closest the Queen has ever come to victory at Epsom was with Aureole in 1953, but she also came third in 2011 with Carlton House. She is undoubtedly hopeful she will become the second monarch ever to win the Derby one day. The only winner of the flat race was her paternal great-grandfather King Edward VII, who won with Minoru in 1909. The Queen has missed the Epsom Derby less than a handful of times during her reign, and she will likely be very disappointed to miss it this weekend. But royal fans are hoping the Queen will be well enough to attend other events over the Platinum Jubilee weekend, including Thursday's Trooping the Colour. DON'T MISS:Prince William sparks royal frenzy as he jokes with Mike Tindall [INSIGHT]Queen fell in love with Philip’s 'mischievous, enquiring twinkle' [ANALYSIS]Queen has always known when to shut up - Harry and Meghan please note [COMMENT]  It is hoped the Queen will be able to review her troops and appear on the Buckingham Palace balcony for the traditional RAF flypast over Buckingham Palace, where members of the Royal Family are expected to join the Queen to wave to crowds and watch the spectacle over the skies of London. The nation is also hoping to see the Queen at a Service of Thanksgiving on Friday, which is being held at St Paul's Cathedral in London. Her faith is known to be incredibly important to the monarch, and the ceremony will give thanks for the Queen's long life and reign. The Queen is experiencing episodic mobility problems, so her attendance at all Platinum Jubilee events is only likely to be confirmed closer to the time. 