 The unfiltered statement by the pilot saw passengers react with shock as the flight from London to Cyprus remained grounded on the runway. Tired and confused passengers heard the captain tell them the flight would not leave that night if they attempted to disembark from the aircraft.  Speaking over the PA system, the pilot added: “Show of hands please, who wants to get off? "We won't be going tonight if you get off. “You know, I don't need this, the crew doesn't need this. “We are doing what we can to get you out of here. “It's out of my control. Completely out of my control. “We're doing everything we can. “If you want to get off, I'll let you off, no problem.”  Some of the passengers filmed the irate captain delivering the message via the intercom, uploading their laughter and reaction to the commotion on the popular social media platform Tik Tok. Taking into consideration the frustration the pilot was feeling, comments on the platform were in favour of the flight deck crew. One person wrote: “To be fair, I'm on his side. “He's probably extremely stressed and the crew are exhausted.” Another said: “Oh bless him though. You can hear the pain in his voice. “He wanted to get going as much as everyone else, must be hard to have everyone moaning at you.”  READ MORE:British Airways horror as emergency hits London to Glasgow flight A Wizz Air spokesperson said: “Wizz Air sincerely apologises for the inconvenience caused by the delayed flight W95749, from Gatwick to Larnaca. “This was initially a result of a late inbound aircraft, with further delays caused by Air Traffic Control issues at London Gatwick.” The company has been in touch with affected passengers to inform them about their rights. This year has seen multiple delays and cancellations of flights across all UK airports. According to the Civil Aviation Authority, airlines do their best to avoid disruption and delays to your journey. However, sometimes problems do occur.  DON'T MISS:North Korea horror as China to BLOCK missile sanctions [REPORT]Horror as Russian soldiers' bodies left to ROT near Kyiv [REVEAL]Putin's daughter gets luxury 'vampire facelifts' [INSIGHT] They say: “As a consumer, you have important legal rights when the flight you are booked on is delayed, cancelled or when you are denied boarding.” Under UK law, airlines must provide you with care and assistance if your flight is significantly delayed. The law splits the set timeframes into three categories depending on the length of the original flight. Airlines must provide a reasonable amount of food and drink, usually done in the form of vouchers. It must provide a means of communication, often done by refunding the cost of calls. Accommodation must be provided if passengers are re-routed on a flight the next day, usually in a nearby hotel. And finally, transport to and from the hotel or your home if you live close by. The airline must provide you with these items until it is able to fly you to your destination, no matter how long the delay lasts or what has caused it. For short-haul flights, the delay must be more than two hours, for medium-haul flights, the delay must be more than three hours, and for long-haul, more than four hours.  Under UK law, airlines may have to provide compensation if your flight arrives at its destination more than three hours late. This depends on what caused the delay – if it wasn’t the airline’s fault, don’t expect to receive any compensation. Disruptions caused by things like extreme weather, airport or air traffic control employee strikes or other ‘extraordinary circumstances are not eligible for compensation. Once again, the level of compensation depends on the length of delay, with a maximum of £520 available on certain flights meeting the conditions. 