Manchester United's stars have been accused of 'secretly trashing' each other behind their backs. The Red Devils hit a new low on Saturday when they were humiliated by Brighton, a result that confirmed they would miss out on a place in next season's Champions League. They fell apart across 11 second-half minutes, which saw them concede three unanswered goals. And the manner of the defeat at the Amex Stadium has led to former Liverpool hero Peter Crouch slamming the make-up of the United dressing room. "After Saturday's capitulation at Brighton, it is now official that this will be United's worst Premier League season since its inception. Forever in the shadow of former glories, still weighed down by the pressure of the past," he wrote in a column for the Daily Mail. "They will always be compared to the greats, because the club will always have its illustrious history and huge expectations. But that was Sir Alex Ferguson's United. This is a wholly different, disjointed club now. READ MORE: Man Utd ‘counting on Nunez to lead attack’ in blow to Ronaldo "The post-Ferguson United is one that can potentially lose at Brighton on any given day. When are we going to stop getting shocked by these results? It will never be seen as acceptable but right now, this is United's natural place in the modern Premier League — chasing Champions League qualification. Sometimes they will do it, other times they won't. "They lose and shrug their shoulders and I don't get the impression that there are any great autopsies inside that dressing room. Nobody digging people out, coming to blows about performances. I feel they just talk behind each other's backs in little groups. Go on social media, say sorry and move on. Rinse and repeat." DON'T MISS: Cristiano Ronaldo breaks silence after Man Utd's woeful Brighton loss (NEWS)Man Utd planning ‘big restructure’ for Ten Hag era with Arnold unhappy (INSIGHT)Man Utd star Jesse Lingard 'in talks with four clubs including PSG’ (TRANSFERS) Crouch called for major changes to take place at Old Trafford over the summer in a bid to change that mentality. But he accepted that it is likely much of the squad will remain in place when Erik ten Hag finally takes charge. "It needs change from top to bottom but all of this is broken record territory. We talk about the new manager — again. Whether he is the right man or not — again. Ten Hag has a big job on his hands and I expect him to already be making ruthless decisions on some of them. Big names need dropping. Some of them will be told pretty early that they are not required," Crouch added.