Strictly Come Dancing star Karen Hauer has finally had a well-earned break after a “gruelling” week of live performances. The 40-year-old revealed her body had “suffered emotionally and physically”. Taking to Instagram to address her 281k followers in a video, Karen said: “Hello, finally have a day off today, after a gruelling, intense but superb week of shows. “But the body definitely suffered emotionally and physically. “Today, went to the salt water sauna here in Bournemouth at the sandbanks, it was incredible and then jumped in the freezing cold water. “Seriously, it was the best thing ever, my body feels rejuvenated. “It was actually really good for my blisters as well, they are still quite sore,” she added, showing her painful-looking feet. “And then had a lovely massage from Gina the legend,” she said. Signing off, Karen concluded: “Now I am just going to sleep, eat, Netflix, and wake up tomorrow morning fresh for another week of shows.” Karen is currently performing in the Strictly Come Dancing tour, as professional dancers and celebrity contestants from 2021 take to stages across the country. She also revealed in Instagram posts that she was focusing on “muscle recovery”, something assisted by a cold dip in the sea. The star posted a photo of herself in a lack swimsuit on the beach as she said she “recharged her body”. Earlier this week, Karen also shared a loved up snap with her boyfriend Jordan Jones Williams. Gazing into his eyes as she clutched a beverage, Karen beamed as she captioned her post: “Him,” alongside a love heart. DON'T MISS... Rebekah Vardy was 'more interested in taking selfies' than football [INSIGHT]Jane McDonald sobbed in restaurant amid late fiancé's gesture [ADMISSION]Elon Musk on how Amber Heard ‘hurt’ him: ‘In severe emotional pain’ [LATEST] In the last series of Strictly, Karen was paired with Greg Wise, who is married to Emma Thompson. They were the third couple to be eliminated in the series after losing in the dance off to Judi Love and Graziano Di Prima. After their final performance together, Karen told Greg: “It has been a blast, thank you for the amazing lunches, thanks for the quality of work, and for being an amazing student. “I have enjoyed our moments in the classroom, and just having fun with you, I’ve really enjoyed it." She also took to Instagram a shared a photo with him. “Going out on a haaaaiiiii!” she penned. “@gregwiseofficial thank you for your dedication, focus and strength in these past few weeks. “I've enjoyed every moment… and every meal!"