Fifty-four percent of Britons say they can’t save or invest as they want to because of rising prices and recent hikes to National Insurance, which increased 1.25p last month, have made matters worse, according to recent research. However salary sacrifice can make pension savings more tax-efficient. Britons are reminded to not look at it as loss of money each month, but a tax efficient way to save for later life. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to Mike Barrow, financial coach at Claro Money, about how people can lower the amount of National insurance they pay. He said: “Making workplace pension contributions via salary sacrifice rather than the typical ‘relief at source’ method can be an easy way to reduce your national insurance payment. “With salary sacrifice you essentially hand over or ‘sacrifice’ a certain portion of your salary (whatever you choose) to your employer for them to contribute into your pension on your behalf. “The biggest benefit of doing so is that, because you have technically reduced your salary by X amount, and this amount has been taken from your salary before tax as a gross deduction, you are left with a lower remaining salary to be liable for national insurance. READ MORE: 'I have nothing saved for retirement' Dave Ramsey suggests how man, 55, can get by "The effect is usually a slight increase in net income.” It can also be used for pension contributions so an employee agrees to reduce their salary by the amount they want to contribute to their pension. Their employer will then pay their total pension contributions, saving both money in lower National Insurance contributions. Take-home pay is actually higher due to the National Insurance saving, while the amount going into the pension remains the same. According to Cushon, a worker earning £30,000 a year could save £200 a year in NICs, rising to £330 if they earn £50,000. Yet despite the savings, 63 percent of those polled said they weren’t aware of salary sacrifice. Of those that are, just a third (34 percent) who had a Defined Contribution pension used it. Four in 10 (38 percent) of the 2,000 surveyed didn’t know if salary sacrifice was offered by their employer or not. Reasons for not choosing salary sacrifice included it sounding too complicated (24 percent), people misunderstanding how it works and thinking they would lose out on pay by opting for it (30 percent), and 20 percent thought it could affect their creditworthiness. Former pensions minister, Baroness Ros Altmann reminded people of the benefits of opting for the scheme saying it is “free money”. She said: “Those people who are able to access salary sacrifice through their employer but choose not to take it up are missing out on ‘free money’ from the Government. “As so often in pensions, the terminology is a major problem here. To most people sacrifice means giving something up rather than gaining anything extra. “This is another example of how confusing and complex terminology can hamper people’s ability to make the most of their pension savings. “We need clear, jargon-free language and a concerted effort from government, industry and employers to help people better understand and engage with their pensions, so savers can make the most of their money.” Despite the positive, there are some things people may want to be aware of before considering salary sacrifice. Mr Barrow continued: “However, there are some drawbacks of this method, such as that workplace benefits like Death In Service policies which are usually based on a multiple of salary, would be based on a lower salary amount. “Also, if you are expecting to take any loans which use affordability checks (such as a mortgage) your salary may appear lower for the same reason.”