Double-glazed windows are relatively easy to keep clean, yet many of us forget to take care of the rubber seals while washing the glass panes. Using harsh chemicals and powerful commercial products may leave your windows gleaming, but it could cause significant damage to the quality of the glazing. Here’s how to safely clean the rubber seals around your windows using just a few household items. Dirty windows can result in dusty, mouldy residue gathering around the frame of the glass panes, leaving your home looking dirty and uninviting. While harsh cloths and chemicals will banish unpleasant dirt, they are often too much for the rubber seals, causing discolouration and breakages around the frame of your windows. Luckily, keeping the rubber trim clean and intact is easy to do with just a few simple items - and you probably already have them at home. READ MORE: Cleaning fans share ‘game-changing’ hack to remove marker stains A clean, soft paintbrush will work wonders to remove surface dirt and dust from your window frames. The fluffy fibres are gentle on rubber seals but still able to reach small crevices in the corners. Gently knock dust particles away using a dry brush to reveal a clear seal trim. Wet the brush with some water to damp-dust the surface once more and gather any lingering particles from the frame.  This simple condiment has become a cleaning staple for delicate surfaces, and it’s perfect for use on dirty rubber window seals. Take a soft, clean cloth and cover the tip of your index finger with it. Dip your finger into a pot of distilled white vinegar and run it around the perimeter of your window. Not only will this gather dust and dirt but also tackle any lingering mould spores growing around the rubber. Pour any leftover liquid from the pot of white vinegar into a spray bottle and spritz the glass pane for an all-over clean. Buff it into the glass using a microfiber cloth to reveal a streak-free window. DON'T MISS:Oven cleaning: How to clean oven door glass under 5 minutes - ‘cheap’ [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘quick’ cleaning tip to get ‘streak-free’ windows [REVEAL]'Fresher laundry': Add three cheap kitchen items to the wash [ANALYSIS] Soapy water is the obvious solution to banish dirt and grime, and it is perfectly safe to use on your double-glazed window seals. Fill a bowl with warm water, add one teaspoon of mild dish soap and mix until bubbly. Leave a clean, white microfiber cloth to soak in the liquid for a few minutes before wringing out the excess liquid.Use the cloth to clean the rubber seal around and inside your windows. The cloth will gather a significant amount of dirt as you go, so be sure to rinse it off and soak it a few times while you clean. This gentle cleanser can even be used to clean rubber seals around car windows and doors too. Soapy water is the obvious solution to banish dirt and grime, and it is perfectly safe to use on your double-glazed window seals. Fill a bowl with warm water, add one teaspoon of mild dish soap and mix until bubbly. Leave a clean, white microfiber cloth to soak in the liquid for a few minutes before wringing out the excess liquid. Use the cloth to clean the rubber seal around and inside your windows. The cloth will gather a significant amount of dirt as you go, so be sure to rinse it off and soak it a few times while you clean. This gentle cleanser can even be used to clean rubber seals around car windows and doors too.