On an episode of Homes Under the Hammer, Martin Roberts was viewing a home in Edenbridge, on the border of Kent and Surrey. Three miles from Edenbridge, in the rural hamlet of Bough Beech was the property Martin went to look at - a four bedroom semi-detached house. On entering the property, Martin was “surprised” at the home’s immaculate interior. He said: “Wow, that’s a nice surprise!” The house had a “beautiful main room” which led to a spacious kitchen. Martin added: “Obviously, [this has] been relatively recently refurbished and my guess is somebody has done exactly what I tell people to do all the time which is knock through to create this wonderful, big open-plan living space.” The main living space included a wood burner and a set of patio doors which went out onto decking. There was also a downstairs toilet and a brand new kitchen. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to remove yellow pillow stains - ‘easiest way’ However, Martin said the property sounded “almost too good to be true” for the “very low” guide price. The main problem with the property was that it needed “structural repairs due to potential subsidence”. There were a few cracks on the inside of the property near the patio doors but Martin said this was “nothing really bad”. Outside, the problem became more clear.  DON'T MISSHow to get rid of slugs in your home [INSIGHT]How to properly organise your wardrobe to ‘maximise the space’ [UPDATE]How to clean duvet and pillows without washing machine ‘Kills germs’ [ANALYSIS] The property had been repointed at some point with the pointing being different colours. Martin explained: “Can you see how the pointing is a slightly different colour? It's still not that obvious. “But it is something which has been brought to the attention of potential purchasers and that is definitely going to put off both them and mortgage companies. “Is it critical? Probably not. But it's critical if you want to get a mortgage. "So, to sort it out isn't actually that big a job, believe it or not, it's called underpinning. “You dig underneath the property you squirt in some sort of concrete something which is going to provide better foundations underneath existing foundations, and then that will hopefully resolve the issue. “In terms of doing this, I don't know a guess - £20,000?” The property’s four bedrooms were in good condition and the family bathroom was brand new. The home also included a large loft space with skylights which could be transformed into a fifth bedroom with planning permission. The property’s auction guide price was between £275,000 and £285,000. The winning bid was £289,000 from Danny and his business partner David in December 2018. The pair are professional developers with Danny having a background in construction, and David being a quantity surveyor. The pair bought the property for “considerably less than market value”. They were planning to underpin the property for £20,000. They also planned to give the home a “spruce up” and turn it around in “four weeks” with an overall budget of £30,000. Six weeks later, and the property renovation was complete. Thanks to a two-week course of underpinning, there was no more concern over movement in the property. The decking had been replaced with a sandstone patio area and gravel paths split up the freshly laid lawn. Danny and David said the garden was a “big job” due to the clay ground. They had to bring in 50 tonnes of top soil and lay 400 metres of grass. Danny and David also decided to replace the double door in the kitchen with a window, creating wall space for a lovely breakfast area.  The downstairs loo wasn't actually connected to the waste pipe so they also fixed that. Upstairs, there are new carpets and like every room in the house the attic has been cleaned up and redecorated. There was also the addition of a new ensuite bathroom in the master bedroom. All the new additions doubled their budget from £30,000 to £60,000. In total, the pair spent £349,000 on the purchase and renovation of the property. Two local estate agents said the property could sell for £500,000 on the open market. That means Danny and David could make a staggering £151,000 pre-tax profit after just six weeks of work. Homes Under the Hammer is available to stream on BBC iPlayer.