Denise Welch, 64, looked phenomenal as she soaked up the sun in a new swimsuit picture. The Loose Women star could not help but smile as she enjoyed the sunshine by the pool. She took to Instagram earlier today to upload a new photo modelling a fabulous black and white cut out swimsuit. Denise, who had been basking in the sunshine, paired the swimsuit with some white heeled sandals and a bold red lip. In the caption, the actress reflected upon her past eating habits and alcohol addiction. She stressed that now she is happy eating her favourite foods and “celebrates” her body. Denise wrote: “Good morning!! Celebrating 9 yrs this week as ambassador for @lighterlife. “I learnt the mental tools to address my emotional eating which was in danger of replacing my alcohol addiction. “I use the flexifasting plan and eat normally the rest of the time.” The TV star continued: “I enjoy all my favourite foods but I no longer let food and crooked thinking control me. “I’m a healthy size 12/14 and that’s fine by me. “I celebrate my curves, my lumps, bumps, saggy boobs and cellulite because my 64 yr old body has served me well despite the reverse not always being true. My swimwear is by @fandfclothing.” (sic) Fans promptly rushed to the comments section to heap praise on the Coronation Street star. Juliecocker penned: “Looking amazing Den.” DON'T MISS...Andy Fletcher dead: Depeche Mode founding member dies aged 60 [LATEST] Kate Moss says Johnny Depp 'didn't push me' [UPDATE]Rebekah Vardy's future 'in tatters' after ‘complete disaster’ trial [INSIGHT] Vickyt1970 added: “WOW you look amazing.” Leanah73 said: “Good morning, looking good today.” Kinseyschofield typed: “You beautiful babe, you!” Denise had shared a series of swimsuit pictures yesterday as she prepares to celebrate her birthday abroad. She jetted off on a holiday with husband Lincoln Townley, who she explained had whisked her away as part of a "birthday treat”. In the pictures, she could be seen wearing a show-stopping neon pink, snakeskin swimsuit with a bright orange cover-up. She paired the colourful outfit with a crimson red lipstick and a pair of white platform heels. Denise told her Instagram fans she was having a "wonderful time" during her sun-soaked break.