The Duke of Sussex, 37, has revealed a brand new project for his global initiative Travalyst. To promote his new campaign, a new sustainable travel company that suggests holidaymakers should be rated based on their travel choices, the Duke starred in a skit that has sparked some backlash on Twitter. Harry announced the campaign on the New Zealand television station, Maori TV, but the advertisement was branded "cringe" by Twitter users. The pre-recorded shows Prince Harry jogging in "New Zealand woodland" whilst he is being watched by a team of "rating agents". The Duke can be seen wearing a "Girl Dad" t-shirt, a tribute to his and Meghan's 11-month-old daughter Lilibet. In the clip, Harry is speaking partly in Maori as one of the "rating agents" stops Harry and questions him about dropping a lolly wrapper at Auckland's Bethell's beach in 2018 during his royal tour there. The rating agent informs Harry that they are trialing a new system whereby holiday destinations rate their visitors before giving the Duke three stars, out of five, rating. READ MORE: 'Can't be trusted!' Prince Harry's UK trip savaged as Netflix 'wants grievances' to air The "rating agent", played by Rhys Darby, said: "Imagine if those destinations rated you back". Prince Harry said: "That's cool". The "rating agent" then said: "We are trailing it now for the first time. "I am here to rate you on your recent visit to Aotearoa, New Zealand in 2018. "You'll be moderately happy to know that you scored three stars". The video has received feedback on Twitter over the skit being "cringeworthy". READ MORE: Prince Harry makes 'special announcement' as Duke speaks out in rare TV appearance Twitter user @Pooja33719735 claimed that "the public are not interested" and that "his [Harry's acting skills are truly cringeworthy". @brigantia_ said: "So he's using Māori as props to sell his travel business? Is that the breakdown?" And @gofollie commented: "So he’s sending eco-friendly travelers to visit a place that they may or may not had on their bucket list.....bc, all in the name of carbon footprints??? Makes NO sense. Again, Prince of fools." @NicolaKingshot3 added: "This clown cracks me up.. he’s preaching to ppl on where to go and how to get there yet uses private jets and helicopters to get around.. you couldn't make this s*** up..!" User @PurpleR31869438 said: "Like #princeharry using Maori Culture & language to promote his business! Does he not know colonialism is a very touchy subject in New Zealand & Australia!! What an idiot!" The video also features Kiwi actors David Fane and Rena Owen. Harry is known to love the country and, when they made their royal exit, he and Meghan considered moving there, before opting for the US instead. Harry and Meghan visited New Zealand in October 2018, before they announced they were stepping down as senior royals. Since they departed from the Royal Family, Prince Harry currently resides in California with Meghan and their two children, three-year-old son Archie and daughter Lilibet. 