The highly anticipated game yesterday between Liverpool and Real Madrid hit headlines for the wrong reasons after Liverpool fans were "tear-gassed" by the French police. Piers Morgan, 57, took to Twitter today to reflect on the evening's events and hit out at the French police for their treatment of the Liverpool fans. Yesterday's Champions League final in Paris had a delayed kick-off by 30 minutes, with UEFA citing "security reasons". Police outside the ground fired tear gas as a small number of supporters tried to climb over security barriers. This led the highly anticipated game to be overshadowed when thousands of Liverpool fans were prevented from entering the stadium, causing dangerous bottlenecks and potential crushes. Piers took to Twitter in view of his 7.9 million followers to unleash his fury at the events. READ MORE: Elon Musk breaks silence after accusations in Amber and Johnny trial He said: "Liverpool fans were treated disgustingly yesterday. "Herded like cattle for hours, tear-gassed, beaten with batons, & many didn’t even get to see the game. "French police & football authorities have serious questions to answer & their attempt to blame the fans is shameful." Many social media users took to the comments to express their opinion on the events of the football game. Jaymiddi said: "I can't believe anyone watching that didn't have the horror of Hillsborough flash through their mind." Bonezy06 added: "Any reason as to why Real Madrid fans didn’t get the same treatment? Would it possibly have anything to do with some Liverpool fans trying to get in without tickets?" Robbrewis1 commented: "Police were disgusting, but fake tickets didn’t help the situation at all." DON'T MISS... Monty Don details difficult time after he and wife 'lost everything' [INSIGHT] A Place in the Sun's Laura Hamilton stuns in low-cut leopard swimsuit [PICS] Bob Hall dead: Beloved ITV and Sky Sports presenter dies [DEATH] Comedian John Bishop, who was at the game, tweeted: "At the gate in Paris – been here for 25 minutes and nobody has been allowed in – disgraceful treatment of fans who are displaying an unbelievable level of patience." Gary Linker wrote on Twitter: "I'm not sure it's possible to have a more poorly organised event if you tried. Absolutely shambolic and dangerous @UEFAcom." It has been reported that the police were using pepper spray on women and young children to prevent the remote threat of supporters storming the fences in order to ensure they made it into the ground ahead of the scheduled start. UEFA later blamed the 30 minute delay on supporters who they alleged turned up without authentic tickets in a widely-criticised statement. The statement from UEFA read: "This created a build-up of fans trying to get in. As a result, the kick off was delayed by 35 minutes to allow as many fans as possible with genuine tickets to gain access. "As numbers outside the stadium continued to build up after kick off, the police dispersed them with tear gas and forced them away from the stadium. "UEFA is sympathetic to those affected by these events and will further review these matters urgently together with the French police and authorities, and with the French Football Federation." A Liverpool statement read: "We are hugely disappointed at the stadium entry issues and break down of the security perimeter that Liverpool fans faced this evening at the Stade de France. "This is the greatest match in European football and supporters should not have to experience the scenes we have witnessed tonight. We have officially requested a formal investigation into the causes of these unacceptable issues."