Grown-ish is one of the two spin-offs to come from comedy-drama Black-Ish, having made its debut back in 2018. The sitcom saw the eldest of the Johnson children Zoey Johnson (played by Yara Shahidi) start college but things didn't always go exactly according to plan for her. Four years on, and fans of the Freeform and Disney+ series saw Zoey take the next big step in her life. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Grown-ish. Grown-ish returned for its fourth season last year before airing its big finale in February 2022. The latest series saw Zoey and the rest of her college friends graduate from the California University of Liberal Arts, leaving fans very emotional as it felt like the end of an era. This has also made viewers wonder if this is it or if there will be another season on the horizon. Thankfully, Freeform has already announced its decision on the sitcom's future. READ MORE: ‘He was two dimensional’ Emmerdale’s Jeff Hordley criticises Cain There is no need to be concerned about Grown-ish going forward as the network confirmed there would be a fifth season earlier this year. Fans won't have to wait too long for the next series to begin either as season five is scheduled to premiere on Wednesday, July 20, on Freeform. As of yet, a Disney+ release date for UK subscribers hasn't been announced. But following the series four finale showing the teens graduating, there will be a big difference when it does return. Some of the show's original characters are not going to be returning for Grown-ish season five. Ana (Francia Raisa), Nomi (Emily Arlook), Jazz (Chloe Bailey), Sky (Halle Bailey) Luca (Luka Sabbat) and Vivek (Jordan Buhat) said their final goodbyes to the show in season four. There are a few key characters from the first four series though who are going to remain in the comedy. Showrunner Zakiyyah Alexander and Courtney Lilly explained: “Francia, Emily, Chloe, Halle, Luka, and Jordan will always be a part of the ‘-ish’ family. "This new season isn’t a goodbye, we are just expanding the world; there will always be an open door for them to return. “For season five, we’re excited to dive deeper into the storylines of Zoey, Aaron, and Doug in their post-grad adventures and welcome a new dynamic class to Cal-U." DON'T MISS...‘He was two dimensional’ Emmerdale’s Jeff Hordley criticises Cain  [REACTON]Real-life Derry Girl 'devastated' over Channel 4 comedy ending  [CAST]Wilfrid Brambell: Comedy star died of cancer [HEALTH] Grown-ish series five will also see the start of a new chapter for another member of the Johnson family. While Zoey has left her college days behind her, Junior's (Marcus Scribner) time has just begun as he joins Cal-U. Viewers are just going to have to wait until July to find out how he gets on at the college, following in his sister's footsteps. Sadly, the original comedy finished in April 2022. Black-ish had been airing since 2014 and had made a massive impression with viewers. The show produced two spin-offs, Grown-ish and Mixed-ish, with the former almost ready to return for its fifth outing. Mixed-ish on the other hand was cancelled last year after just two seasons on ABC. Grown-ish is available to watch on Freeform in America and Disney+ in the UK.