Earlier this month, Prince Charles and Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall embarked on a short three-day royal tour around Canada. The tour was part of celebrations for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. Prince William and Kate visited the Caribbean in March and their tour was met with criticism. Speaking on the latest episode of Royally Us, hosts Christina Garibaldi and Christine Ross discussed Charles and Camilla's recent tour and how their tour laid out in comparison to the Cambridges' Caribbean visit. Ms Garibaldi said: "It seems like this [Canada tour] went over a bit better than the Caribbean tour that William and Kate went on" Ms Ross replied: "I know and it's interesting because after William and Kate's tour, Prince Edward and Sophie, the Countess of Wessex also went on their tour through the Caribbean and also had the same pushback that we saw from William and Kate's tour. "So it is interesting that Charles and Camilla's tour just went so much better." Ms Ross added: "I think it's a show that the UK and Canada have such a strong relationship. "I think that they've really worked together for so long, over the years, to make it meaningful for both parties." READ MORE: Meghan fights back tears in surprise appearance to honour 21 killed in Texas school horror Ms Ross continued: "I think, again, like they have learned from previous missteps, or you know missed opportunities of where they can really shine on these tours. "[Also] how the royals can be the most effective." Ms Garibaldi added: "This one went off, it seems, without a hitch so they're learning from the mistakes and, kind of, putting them into motion." She added: "Hopefully the next few royals won't be filled with as many mistakes." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Axe to grind' Meghan braced for ex-husband to unveil 'remarkable' tale Kate and William were in the Caribbean for eight days. The tour is the first major overseas trip since before the Covid pandemic began. When the couple arrived in Jamaica, they were met by widespread protests from locals. Many protesters demanded that the British monarchy atones for their acts of slavery in the island nation with reparations. DON'T MISS The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall travelled to Canada on May 17. The visit saw them travel more than 2,000 miles in the span of three days. The tour finished on May 19. Upon announcing the royal trip, Clarence House said that, during the trip, the royals will highlight the importance of learning "from Indigenous peoples in Canada", in particular when it comes to climate change and taking care of nature. The visit was Charles's 19th official visit to Canada and was Camilla's fifth visit.