Manchester United legend Paul Scholes says Cristiano Ronaldo and Harry Maguire must "step up" and contribute to changing the culture of the club. Scholes says it is the job of the duo to ensure the attitude of the club's younger players is spot on. Ronaldo and Maguire have had mixed seasons at United. Ronaldo ended his first campaign back at the club as their leading goalscorer in all competitions. Maguire, meanwhile, struggled through most of the campaign and was heavily criticised for his performances. Ronaldo spoke about the need for a mentality change in the United squad in a candid interview in January. Scholes says the 37-year-old must now be part of the process to correct that attitude. And he thinks Maguire, despite his struggles, must also stand up and be counted. READ MORE: Man Utd's Ronaldo brutally taken down as Man City teenager's jibe comes to light  Scholes told Premier League Productions: "I remember that [Ronaldo] interview and you could see he was clearly angry with the attitude of the younger players. That's where the likes of him, the likes of Harry Maguire, they need to step up in the dressing room and explain whatever they're doing in training, what's happening on the training ground, just isn't good enough. "As we were by senior professionals as well when we came into the team. You think of your Bryan Robsons, Steve Bruce, Roy Keanes. "You had to work as if you were playing a game every single day, every single day. It didn't matter what you were doing, you had to be respectful towards people around the training ground. DON'T MISSBarcelona hold Carney Chukwuemeka meeting as Arsenal also target Aston Villa star [GOSSIP]Kylian Mbappe’s mother ‘furious at Real Madrid’ after PSG star rejects transfer [REPORT]Gary Lineker takes issue with Gareth Southgate's England squad as 'superb' star misses out [SOCIAL]  "The culture of the football club is wrong but it's up to these experienced players to make sure the younger players are doing that. That's why I say authority comes into it. "I think these players have just been able to do what they want, stroll round the building, stroll round the training pitch, stroll round the football pitch on a Saturday afternoon. And it's been clearly obvious that what they've been doing through the week has not been good enough on a Saturday afternoon or a Tuesday night." United's new boss Erik ten Hag addressed the media for the first time earlier this week. He confirmed both Ronaldo and Maguire are a part of his plans moving forward.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here