Kate and Anne are the second and fourth most popular royals, according to Ipsos research, and so this joint outing is likely to thrill royal fans. Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, 40, is the Patron of the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists. Princess Anne, 71, on the other hand, is the Patron of the Royal College of Midwives. They visited the headquarters of the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists in London on 27 April. The pair combined their joint interest to hear about maternal health care. Body language expert Mark Bowden analysed the pair and commented on their "alignment". Mark is the co-founder of Truthplace, which teaches public speaking skills. He said: "This pair are very much in alignment and congruence with each other. "Notice how they very quickly walk in sync with each other. They stop and start together. Stand side by side. READ MORE: 'She never looks dated': How Kate Middleton always looks great at 40 - 'she stays classic' "They most often look and focus in the same direction, and on the same people and together - taking a similar stance when observing and listening." Mark is the author of Truth & Lies: What People Are Really Thinking, which has been described by former FBI counterintelligence agent Joe Navarro as “this year’s must-read on nonverbal communications and human behavior.” He pointed out elements of Kate and Anne's behaviour suggesting they have a "similar goal". He said: "They also shift and move on the spot at the same moments and at the same tempo. "This suggests something of a similar goal and temperament in this situation of work and duty." DON'T MISS'Natural fashionista' Kate Middleton's style 'won't change' [EXPERT]Three children - like Kate and Wills - is out of fashion [INSIGHT] Kate Middleton in £75k of 'beautiful' and rarely-seen jewellery [STYLE] However, Mark - who is a member of the popular YouTube channel The Behavior Panel, boasting over half a million followers, also pointed out a difference between the royals' behaviour. He noted one body language quirk which suggests similarities between Kate and the late Princess Diana. He said: "The biggest difference may be how Kate lowers herself when talking to children, coming more to their eye level and lowering her height, dominance, and so status. "This shows similarities in behavior to her husband's mother, Diana." Heading into the Platinum Jubilee year, Ipsos research showed the Duchess of Cambridge is the second most popular royal coming in only after Queen Elizabeth II herself. Kate's husband Prince William comes in third. Princess Anne is the fourth most popular royal individual, coming ahead of Prince Charles. Kate has been a patron of the RCOG for 2018, while Princess Anne has been a patron of RCM for 20 years, and both these roles were held by the Queen previously. Both Kate and Anne are mothers. Kate has three children, Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, seven, and Prince Louis, four. Princess Anne is a mother of two to Zara Tindall, 40, and Peter Phillips, 44. Mark recently discussed Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's on-stage kiss and the royal's "discomfort" at the move. Prince Harry, 37, and his wife, 40, flew to The Hague in the Netherlands at the Olympics-style event for wounded veterans known as The Invictus Games. The former actress introduced Prince Harry before handing over to him on stage. Harry walked onto the stage and the pair shared a kiss before the royal said: "Thank you, my love." Mark claimed Harry showed discomfort during the kiss.