Sebastian Vettel driver was seen wearing grey boxers over his race suit as he saw his team in the pitlane. The footage was caught on camera moments before the first practice session at the new Miami track.  The four-time champion appeared to laugh before waving his hands in a confused gesture. It comes after FIA bosses announced a crackdown on jewellery and fire-proof underwear from this weekend. The rule means fire-proof underwear will now be checked in scrutineering with teams required to confirm their drivers were compliant with the rules. Failure to follow the guidelines may result in drivers issued fines or even period penalties. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton wears three watches as he speaks out on jewellery ban  The FIA’s jewellery crackdown was one of the major talking points of today’s press conference. Vettel claimed the topic was ‘unnecessary’ and even added the rule was designed to target Hamilton. He said: “I think it is a bit unnecessary to blow this topic up. Probably at this stage it’s more of a personal thing, and I feel particularly in a way targeted to Lewis. “We spoke about underpants as well, but really is that the most exciting thing we can talk about?” Hamilton aso rejected the idea, claiming F1 should be focussing on more important things. In a defiant stance, Hamilton turned up to the press conferences with veal watches and chains and claimed he could remove some of his jewellery before getting in the car. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton to test Niels Wittich at Miami GP over jewellery saga [INSIGHT]Toto Wolff hits out at F1 jewellery crackdown after Hamilton targeted [ANALYSIS]Hamilton jokes he may chop off his ear in jewellery row with FIA [COMMENT] He said: “I feel like it's almost like a step backwards. If you think about the steps we are taking as a sport. All the more important issues and causes we need to be focussed on." “It's a small thing. I've been in the sport for 16 years… in the car I only have my earrings on and my nose ring, of which I can’t really remove. It seems unnecessary for us to get into this spat.” However, new race director Niels Wittich issued another warning to teams over the issue in his pre-event notes for Miami. He said: “Metallic objects, such as jewellery, in contact with the skin can reduce heat transmission protection and thus may increase the risk of burn injuries in the event of a fire. The wearing of jewellery during the competition can hinder both medical interventions as well as subsequent diagnosis and treatment should it be required following an accident.” 