The Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR) previously suggested the UK missed out in the global economic rebound as Governments around the world lifted restrictions imposed because of COVID-19. UK trade intensity - trade as a share of GDP - was also shown to have dropped more than other countries. Some commentators put this down to Brexit, but a report from Deloitte concludes that while Britain's exit from the EU played "some" part, the biggest factor is the "poor performance" of UK exports to countries outside the bloc and particularly the US. It notes, however, that the issue is "complicated" by trade data being measured differently and by currency movements. The report states most countries saw their exports rise as demand for goods boomed while the UK's "plateaued". It adds: "This is largely down to the fact that UK exports to non-EU countries have performed poorly. "Clearly, Brexit had a significant impact on UK exports to the EU initially, but they have largely recovered to their previous levels by the end of last year." US demand has been growing quickly since the worst of the pandemic, but its imports focus on computers and electronics, electrical equipment, primary metals and chemicals. Apart from chemicals, the UK is identified in the report as "a very minor exporter" of the goods listed above. UK chemical exports to the US are worth £8.9billion ($11billion) a year, according to the report, but while Ireland, Germany, Japan and Switzerland have seen "steady" increases in sales, the UK's picked up in 2021 to levels seen in 2016.  READ MORE ABOUT PRINCE CHARLES BEING TOLD TO SNUB EUGENIE'S ROYAL CLAIM Report author Raoul Ruparel notes that while this may be due to Brexit, the issue started when the UK was still a member of the bloc. On trade intensity, the study says that, according to OBR figures, the UK appears to have lagged behind in its recovery in trade as a share of GDP. It notes: "[T]he fact that services trade took a large hit during the pandemic and has yet to fully recover (unlike goods trade) would likely have had more of an impact on UK trade intensity than many other countries. "The combination of Brexit and the pandemic is also likely to have been a factor here."  DON'T MISS: Prince Harry's UK trip questioned as Netflix 'wants grievances' to air [REVEALED] State of Russian military laid bare as Putin loses his grip on Ukraine [LATEST] NATO allies: Putin handed boost as Finland hits application block [REPORT] The report concludes the larger factor in the UK missing out on the trade boom is that the country found itself "poorly placed to take advantage of the increased demand since it seemed to largely fall in areas where the UK is not a major exporter" thus raising concerns about the UK's competitiveness. It warns the data should raise concerns given the Government's aim to boost exports and build a high-tech, high-productivity economy. The report adds: "It is easy to reach for [Brexit] as an excuse for all problems but doing so risks obscuring the other complex trade challenges [businesses] are facing and makes it harder to find the right solutions." It comes as new research shows Scotland was among three areas of the UK which saw the strongest recovery last year in response to the challenges of the pandemic and Brexit. The Food and Drink Federation found Scotland's recovery has largely been driven by strong growth in exports of drinks and seafood products, which together accounted for £5.2billion of total Scottish exports. North-east England and Wales were the other areas which had the strongest recoveries. The report noted that Scotland's food and drink exports in 2021 were up 15 percent on the previous year, reaching £5.7billion. Scotland's biggest export category was beverages, which made up almost three quarters of total exports. This was described as "unsurprising" given the global strength of Scotch whisky exports. Out of the 12 areas of the UK in the report, Scotland accounted for the largest share of UK food and drink exports at almost 30 percent of total exports. David Thomson, Food and Drink Federation Scotland's chief executive, said: "Scotland continues to punch above its weight, accounting for the largest share of UK food and drink exports, with an impressive 30 percent of total exports. "It's heartening to see an increase in Scotland's food and drink exports as the industry begins to recover from the impact of Covid-19 and Brexit. "We hope that new opportunities will help further increase sales of Scotland's food and drink abroad."