Steph McGovern, 39, has spoken about her two-year-old daughter in a new interview. She and her girlfriend welcomed a baby girl in 2019. The TV presenter, who hosts her own show on Channel 4, said the family have had to make adjustments while her daughter is still young and has the odd annoying habit. The 39-year-old was asked about her experience when she was broadcasting her show Steph’s Packed Lunch from home during lockdown. Steph said: “Me and my partner have actually moved since then, although what we have now is similarly open plan.” She explained that the family have had to make certain changes as a result of their daughter’s behaviour. READ MORE: Zoe Henry breaks social media silence with Jeff Hordley update The presenter, who previously worked for the BBC as the main business presenter for BBC Breakfast said: “We’ve had to put the telly high up on the wall because my daughter, who’s two-and-a-half, is obsessed with pawing the screen.” Steph added: “It was doing our heads in – every time we sat down [in the] evening, we’d see her handprints all over the screen. “Underneath the telly is her little wooden kitchen and all her toys, so that’s our view.” In the interview, Steph also spoke about the types of TV shows she enjoys watching with her partner. She explained: “We love crime thrillers and read a lot of them, too. “So we love Money Heist, Lupin and Harlan Coben adaptations. “We’re watching Pieces of Her at the moment.” The couple try not to watch their favourite shows without each other as Stephs said it would “break relationship rules not to watch those together”. DON'T MISS:Dawn French, 64, glows as she attends Sondheim's Old Friends gala [PICS]Priscilla Presley, 76, looks ageless with Elvis actor at Met Gala [PICS]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock urges viewers to 'change their lifestyles' [LATEST] Steph indulges in watching Bridgerton, Downton Abbey and The Crown “on my own” because “she hates all that and I love it,” Steph said in the Radio Times interview. In April, the lunchtime show was taken off air for a fortnight as part of a Channel 4 shake-up. Steph announced the plans on the fan-favourite talk show. On the show, which was originally called The Steph Show, Steph is joined by special guests on a daily basis. Steph often takes to social media to share behind the scenes snippets with eagerly-awaiting fans. Sometimes she also posts her outfits on Instagram. Read the full interview in this week's Radio Times.