Pure Plant Recycling plant has caught fire on Cople Road in Cardington. The public is advised to stay away from the area. It has been confirmed to be an electrical waste fire, a recurring problem for recycling plants due to the litihium-ion batteries in phones and laptops. Bedfordshire Fire and Rescue Service (BFRS) reported the blaze at 11.11pm, tweeting: "We have a make pumps six building fire in Cople Road, Cardington. "The area will be very busy with traffic so please avoid the area." The phrase "Make pumps six" refers to an escalating incident, here indicating six pumps are needed to deal with the massive blaze. They later increased their presence to eight pumps, as well as specialist equipment, water carriers and a high volume pump from another county. The area is expected to be cordoned off for some time. Eyewitnesses report the fire is near the King's Arms pub. BFRS later provided an update at 12.03pm to confirm they were still working to tackle the blaze. The fire service requested local residents keep their windows and doors closed, as wind blows the smoke around. They said: "We are at an ongoing incident on Cople Road, Cardington. "Due to winds we advise residents of Cardington, Willington and Blunham to please keep all windows and doors closed. "Please continue to avoid the area." Bedfordshire Police confirmed they were helping the fire service tackle the incident, alongside gas and electrical engineers. They posted on Twitter: "We are assisting with this incident and are urging for people to avoid the area." Electrical waste fires have been a recurring problem for recycling plants. A 2020 report into such incidents described battery-caused fires in recycling as "one of the biggest emerging problems in the world of waste." Several recycling factories have been lost to fires caused by such batteries across the US. When these batteries are damaged or heated up, they have a tendency to explode or burst into flames. Their small size also makes them difficult to spot by recycling plant staff.