Rachel Riley, 36, has doubled down on her criticism of Johnny Depp as the Hollywood actor’s defamation trial against his ex-wife Amber Heard continues. The Countdown star took to her Twitter today to share her views with her 696,000 followers. She retweeted a threat of Johnny’s “problematic history” shared by another social media user. One of the claims made against the actor included that he “started dating Polina Glen when she was between 17 and 20 and he was in his mid 50’s”. Rachel tweeted: “I wouldn’t wish this guy on my worst enemy.” TV presenter Rachel had previously publicly weighed in on Johnny’s ongoing court battle. READ MORE: Amber Heard could face perjury probe over charitable donation claims Last month, she uploaded a screenshot of one of Johnny's messages shown as evidence from 2016, along with a thread supporting Amber. Rachel captioned the image: "This thread, 1000 times over. "There has already been a judgement (so detailed it's 129 pages long) showing Depp to be a monster. "This is one of his own messages in evidence. How so many people can help him abuse his victim now is completely shocking." And earlier this month she insisted that the Pirates of the Caribbean actor “cannot be defended” as she shared an excerpt of a previous ruling from the UK’s High Court of Justice, Queen’s Bench Division. Rachel wrote: “Extracts of the 129 page judgement (link in next tweet) in the legal case Depp already lost. “Left the description, right the judge’s assessment of it. “I still don’t understand how anyone can defend this man. DON'T MISS...Amber Heard 'slips up' in deposition, Johnny Depp's lawyer claims [INSIGHT]Dick Van Dyke, 96, steps out in rare appearance with young wife, 50 [PICS]Tom Hanks fans cause stir as they spot 'Forrest Gump' watching Queen [COMMENT] “This trial is post separation abuse on an enormous scale,” she added. Also attached was a video clip reposted by Twitter user Ivana Escalera. The video was labelled: “The court hears how Johnny Depp sexually assaulted Amber Heard. #IStandWithAmberHeard.” Amber and Johnny's defamation trial will continue this week, and is expected to conclude on 27 May.