Tiger Woods has endured a nightmare third-round session in the PGA Championship, and Piers Morgan has described it as 'painful to watch'. Woods' performance on Saturday has been one of his worst ever at a major tournament. The 46-year-old's first birdie of the day on the 15th hole made him +9 for the session and +12 for the tournament. On hole 14, he broke a streak of five consecutive bogeys, something he has never had to do before as a professional at a major championship. Woods was out of contention for his 16th major and fifth PGA Championship before the session started as American Will Zalatoris leads the way on -9 for the weekend. However, he has crumbled on the course and moved from T78 to T75 out of 79 players after his birdie on the 15th. Morgan took to Twitter to admit it was 'painful to watch' Woods' collapse but used it to hail the golf icon's mentality. Morgan has described his determination as 'incredible' on one of the most challenging days of his storied career. JUST IN: TV reporter 'covered in blood' and hospitalised after wayward shot He tweeted: "Painful to watch @TigerWoods struggling so much physically out there today but his mental strength to even want to put himself through such obvious discomfort is just incredible. He doesn't need the money, trophy or fame.. he just hates quitting as much as he loves winning." There wasn't as much praise or admiration elsewhere on the social media platform, though. Another viewer tweeted: "Know there's a certain romanticism to Tiger warrior-ing his way around this golf course, but it's getting beyond the point of reason, no? Legit doesn't look like he should be out there." READ MORE: Rory Mcilroy providing 'giddy feeling' at PGA as Paul McGinley make... Woods almost didn't make it past round two on Friday, but two late birdies helped him stay above the cut line with a round of 69. However, he'll be hoping to enjoy far better fortunes in Sunday's session and will want to leave a disastrous round three at Southern Hills behind him. 18:40 C Smith (Aus), C Young (US) 18:50 T Hatton (Eng), M Kuchar (US) 19:10 S Cink (US), C Kirk (US) 19:20 D Riley (US), M Fitzpatrick (Eng) 19:30 R McIlroy (NI), A Ancer (Mex) 19:40 J Thomas (US), B Watson (US) 19:50 W Zalatoris (US), M Pereira (Chi)