While the weather warms up and Britons open windows and doors for better air circulation, a cool gust of wind isn’t usually the only thing to blow through the house. Flies are most active during the spring and summer months and tend to flock to areas where humans inhabit to search for food. This means you’re likely to find these unwelcome guests buzzing around kitchens and bins more so now than in prior months. Flies typically have a lifespan of 21 days, which doesn’t sound too long and threatening. But don’t be fooled because within this period female flies have the ability to lay up to 900 eggs. So if you start to find an increasing mass of flies, you’ll want to stop these pests in their tracks before they get too comfortable. Although they don’t bite, flies do still pose a threat to human health. They feed on a wide variety of filthy matter, which can lead them to pick up potential disease-causing organisms. The experts at Rentokill said: "Flies are bad news whether you find an infestation in your home or business. If left untreated flies can spread bacteria such as Salmonella, typhoid and E.Coli."  READ MORE: What do snails eat - 21 plants at risk and how to get rid of them  When they land on work surfaces and food, they can leave traces of these organisms around; spreading germs and disease. Although flies don’t tend to be fussy and often don’t mind planting themselves in particularly grotesque environments, they seem to hate the “nice” scents - which means any natural fly deterrent will likely be a favourable contribution to the home. Alongside classic prevention measures like correctly disposing of kitchen waste, tightly sealing bins and fridges, and cleaning up food and drink spillages as soon as they occur, there are a few potent herbs, spices and essential oils that will repel flies from even edging close to your property. Flies have a spectacularly strong sense of smell, so knowing the scents that repel these pests and dispersing them around your house will go a long way as an effective fly deterrent.  The top four essential oils to diffuse in your home are: You can either spray these scents around the house using a spray bottle, or douse cotton bags in the oils with the plant leaves inside and hang them around doors and windows. In a study published by nature.com, researchers found peppermint oil was able to repel flies for up to six days after application. DON'T MISS: Garden rules to avoid ‘sparking conflict with neighbours’ [ANALYSIS]Lawn care: How to improve the appearance of grass - ‘inexpensive’ [INSIGHT]'Best use of outdoor space': How to make your garden look bigger [EXPLAINED]     Flies aren’t just averse to essential oils; they’re also known to detest certain herbs and spices. Topping the list of spice repellents is cinnamon - especially strong cinnamon oil or ground cinnamon. The potent scent hides the less potent scents of foods flies are attracted to and overwhelms their senses, tricking them into thinking your house or bins have nothing to offer. Sprinkle cinnamon power along windowsills or fill diffuser bags with the spice and hang them in problem areas.  Flies have also been found to hate the strong scent of cloves. To create a powerful fly deterrent, stick whole cloves into the skin of a lemon and place the lemon in a bowl or hang it by the window. The more cloves the better, so make sure to add in a particularly large amount. Flies are also known to hate the smell of basil. Placing these herb plants on windowsills works as a great natural deterrent to these pests. Cayenne pepper is a particularly strong fly repellent; the capsaicin chemical found in the peppers is known to irritate the fly’s senses. Spray windowsills and door frames with a homemade pepper spray of tabasco sauce and water and watch the flies disappear. 