Thomas Tuchel was under no illusions that when Chelsea secured a top-four finish on the final day of the Premier League season in 2020-21, his side were "lucky". Now, nearly 12 months later, the Blues face being dragged back into another unlikely scrap after spending the second half of the season in cruise control. It would be a disastrous end to the season for Tuchel's side, who have inevitably felt the distraction of the club's ongoing takeover process on the pitch. But that cannot be used as a sole excuse behind their dip in form, after just two wins from their last five games in all competitions. Chelsea currently sit in third on 66 points with four games remaining, with Arsenal on 63 points and Tottenham a further two behind. While it appears unlikely that the west London club will relinquish their position before the end of the season, it is not impossible. And that will frustrate Tuchel, who freely admitted his side needed fortune to get over the line last season. READ MORE: Chelsea 'in danger of Premier League expulsion' amid Abramovich drama  “We are lucky that Tottenham finished the job for us,” Tuchel said in May 2021. “We came to win and to put any doubts to the side but it was not possible. I knew maybe three or four minutes before our game was over because the game at Leicester was over a bit earlier. “We prepared for the match and the target was to win and I think that, again, we are absolutely able to win this match. It is normally so, so hard to create chances and to score against Aston Villa but we created a lot – so many deliveries. We are still a young team and we try to evolve, to learn from every game, but it has been our story throughout the season." After a storming run when Tuchel first arrived, going 14 games unbeaten in the Premier League, the Blues stuttered towards the finish line with defeats against Arsenal and on the final day at Aston Villa. Only needing to match Leicester City's result to clinch a top-four place, Chelsea looked down and out when the Foxes were 2-1 up at Tottenham, before three goals in 14 minutes from Spurs saved their blushes. DON'T MISSLoftus-Cheek to be offered Chelsea escape route after Tuchel commentsPulisic 'one of three Chelsea players' Juventus keen to signChelsea boss Tuchel must turn four things around after loss   Fast forward nearly 12 months and Chelsea find themselves in a similar position. A defeat against relegation-threatened Everton, a 1-1 draw against Manchester United when they squandered chance after chance and a 4-1 humbling at home by Brentford all point to a similar pattern that Tuchel must be dreading. The German tried to rectify his team's failure to kill off the opposition with the £97.5million summer signing of Romelu Lukaku, but the Belgian has only scored 10 goals in all competitions this season. Kai Havertz has improved with 13 goals, although the German does not have the look of a prolific forward. Tuchel has also shown a lack of faith in the fringe members of his squad to come into the side, resulting in jaded stars such as Mason Mount and Reece James putting in lacklustre displays against Everton. With games against Wolves, Leeds and Watford to come before they face Arsenal on the final day of the season, Tuchel will be challenging his side to wrap up their top-four status long before they visit the Emirates Stadium. Leaving it in their hands until the final day of the season would ensure a nerve-wracking finish - and perhaps this time, luck may not be on their side. 