Alison Thewliss of the SNP claimed Brexit had massively contributed to the cost of living crisis currently smothering the UK. The MP claimed the decision to leave the EU had worsened the economic situation across the nation in comparison to other European countries. Ms Thewliss also slammed the policy approach of Chancellor Rishi Sunak as the Treasury attempts to ease the financial burden on the nation’s households.    Kay Burley was quick to highlight the ‘disingenuous’ claims of the SNP MP as she blasted the impact of Brexit on the UK economy. The Sky News broadcaster said: “Talk to me about how significant Brexit has been in the cost of living crisis as far as you’re concerned.” Ms Thewliss replied: “It has been significant and there’s evidence that the UK is worse off than other comparable European nations because of Brexit. The MP declared there had been “evidence “ from economists covering the Treasury Select Committee to support her opinion. She said: “In their opinion, the effect of Brexit, the cost of moving things over borders, the situation we’ve put ourselves in, the lack of labour supply as well, all of these have compounded the crisis we’re in.”    Ms Thewliss added: “I was speaking to the Chambers of Commerce earlier this week too, who say that because of a lack of labour supply, companies are not able to fulfill orders, they are not able to take on work and they're not able to do more things.” Ms Burley interjected: “It is a bit disingenuous to suggest that by rejoining the European Union we wouldn’t be in the same position because Europe is struggling as well isn’t it?” Ms Thewliss continued: “Well, certainly by having left we’ve caused ourselves more harm than we needed to do and the evidence around that seems pretty clear to me and to many other economists who look at the evidence on this. “The Chancellor has a real responsibility here to do more.” Read more: 'She is incapable!' Sturgeon told indyref2 is 'never going to happen'    The SNP representative slammed the efforts of the Chancellor to address the serious economic concerns creating the cost of living crisis She continued: “He was talking about tax cuts at some time, maybe in the autumn, we need an emergency budget now, people are struggling now. “The Chancellor needs to get real with this and come and help people, he needs to come to Parliament next week and provide an emergency budget.” Ms Thewliss remained adamant that Brexit had largely contributed to the economic crisis in the UK, despite the cost of living crisis present across Europe. Don't miss:Sturgeon accused of 'chilling SNP power grab' over emergency powers [REVEAL]Former SNP MP found guilty of embezzling nearly £25K [REPORT]Sturgeon savaged over claims raw sewage 'dumped' in Scottish rivers [INSIGHT] The SNP has argued the event of Brexit has been highly detrimental to social, economic, and cultural standards in the UK. The party is committed to rejoining the European Union once an independent Scotland has been delivered. Nicola Sturgeon pledged to hold a second referendum on Scottish independence by 2023 following the decision to remain in the 2014 vote. The SNP has declared: “We will prepare to rejoin the EU by keeping a close relationship with Europe.”   