The Queen and her younger sister Princess Margaret were four years apart as children. They lived at 145 Piccadilly for the first part of their childhood, before moving to Buckingham Palace when their father became King. Never before seen footage of the two children will be shown tonight on ‘Elizabeth: The Unseen Queen’.  Rachael Lloyd, a relationship expert from eharmony spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to analyse the relationship between the two girls as children. She said: “They were extremely close, and though on the surface incompatible, their differences in character made them extremely complementary.” Margaret was always known as the partyer, whereas Elizabeth was always going to be the sovereign. Racheal continued: “The two of them looked eerily similar as children, like twins of differing ages, dressed in matching coats and buckled shoes. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice steps to fore in rare royal outing “Their hair was parted to the side and pinned back with slides. “But while the Queen was organised, calm and reflective, Margaret was impulsive, mischievous and rebellious,” the expert claimed. She added: “This didn’t prevent them from being incredibly close in their tightly-knit family of four. “Indeed, Elizabeth was her father’s pride, Margaret his joy,” as King George VI famously said.  Did the sisters lean on each other throughout their lifetime? Racheal commented: “Elizabeth was a pillar of strength for the more sensitive Margaret. “Whereas Margaret’s naughty streak gave the Queen light relief from her Queen-in-waiting duties and plenty of laughter. “Each acted out the personality traits the other was unable to express. “In this way, they were symbiotic.” Callisto Adams PhD, a certified relationship expert also commented exclusively for Express.co.uk. She said: “The relationship between the Queen and Princess Margaret is quite accurately depicted and reflected in those childhood pictures. “We see the Queen as the older sister, a calm child, seemingly aware of a responsibility to take care or guide her little sister Princess Margaret. “Although their childhood seemed to have developed normally, due to the relatively low chances of what happened to be happening in actuality. “According to the pictures, and some videos I’ve seen, the Queen and Princess Margaret were indeed two children raised normally and happily, unaware of what was to come in the subsequent years.” The sisters’ relationship was forever changed after the abdication in 1936 and their father became King. The unseen footage of Elizabeth and Margaret will air tonight at 7.45pm, titled: Elizabeth: The Unseen Queen. 