Matchroom Boxing promoter Eddie Hearn is reportedly interested in acquiring the services of Floyd Mayweather’s prodigy Gervonta Davis. In his most recent outing, Davis brutally knocked out Rolando Romero to retain his WBA ‘regular’ lightweight title as he improved to 27-0. Ahead of the fight, it was suggested that Davis’ contract with Floyd Mayweather Promotions was set to expire after the bout, leading Hearn to proclaim that he ‘will probably DM him’. In an interview with IFL TV, Hearn said: “Gervonta Davis is a superstar, you saw the crowd there. I think he’s now going to take control of his career and obviously, if he is available then we would love to work with him. “When the relationship with a fighter is stretched, after the fight it’s always pally-pally. Everyone is sort of high on emotion [saying], ‘What a great night we are going to stay working with you.’ But I don’t know. “I don’t even know if he’s out of contract, you just don’t know. We’ll certainly be reaching out to him to find out if he is out of contract and if he is out of contract, he should listen to everybody because there are going to be some really interesting offers out there for him. “He’s one of the biggest stars in the sport. I’ve got a couple of mega fights we could make instantly for him, and I know our broadcast partner would do everything to make that happen. “I would probably send him a DM. I’d just say, ‘Gervonta if you are out of contract, we’d love the opportunity to talk.’ We’ve done it plenty of times before.” MORE BOXING NEWS...Conor McGregor delivers verdict on Joshua's rematch with UsykDeontay Wilder told four next fight optionsFloyd Mayweather steals ring girl's card on way to Don Moore victory These comments come after Davis pledged his allegiance to Mayweather at his post-fight press conference, revealing to the assembled media that it was “still Mayweather Promotions”. But, prior to this announcement, Davis had told the press that he planned to walk out on Floyd Mayweather after his next fight. When asked by Brian Custer of ESPN whether it was his last fight with Mayweather Promotions, Davis responded: “Yes sir. I feel as though the feeling is mutual. I don't have bad blood with Mayweather Promotions. I'm definitely appreciative of what they have done for me over the years. There's no love lost. It's just time for me to grow up and be my own, you know, my own man.”