The PM arrived for talks on restoring a power-sharing government which is currently on hold as the Democratic Unionist Party demands action on a Brexit protocol. Boris is hoping to unveil the UK’s “next steps” on the Northern Ireland Protocol “in the coming days”. The protocol came into force in January 2021 and binds Northern Ireland to certain EU rules despite the UK leaving the union.  But in recent days, Boris has said the Brexit deal “is turning into a political problem” that needs to be rectified. This has been met with backlash in Northern Ireland, with Sinn Fein leader Mary Lou McDonald accusing the PM of using the country as a “pawn” in games with EU. The protocol was aimed at avoiding checks on goods crossing the border with the Republic of Ireland, but has led to checks on goods arriving in Northern Ireland from Great Britain. The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) opposes this because it has created a trade barrier with the rest of the UK and will not allow the formation of a new government in Northern Ireland unless there are significant changes to the protocol.  But, following recent elections where Sinn Fein topped the polls in elections, a majority of assembly members accept the protocol as is. Boris is still pushing for changes to the deal and has arrived in Belfast today [May 16] for talks with the DUP on negotiating changes and possibly, overriding parts of the Brexit deal. Annexes to the protocol set out a long list of EU laws that would apply to Northern Ireland, including laws dealing with products of animal origin and EU customs code. Mr Johnson is set to hold talks with politicians today, but Sinn Fein leader Mary Lou McDonald said she was in “cahoots” with the DUP in stopping a new executive and assembly sitting.  READ MORE: Russian threat to UK ramps up amid Finland NATO bid Under Stormont rules, a new administration cannot be formed without the largest unionist party taking part. Ms McDonald has accused Boris of using Northern Ireland amid his clash with the EU over post-Brexit trading rules, saying it was a part of “a game of brinkmanship”. She added: “He has connected with the DUP to use Ireland, the north of Ireland, to use unionism in Ireland as a pawn in a wider game that is being played out with the European Union. That is clearly a shameful tactic and approach and it’s one that is absolutely not acceptable. “We’re not one bit naive as to what’s happening here – it is very clear that the Tory government in London is in cahoots with the DUP to stall and to hold back progress, to frustrate the will of the people as expressed in the election and that, to anybody who calls themselves a democrat, is clearly unacceptable and clearly shameful. And that case will be made to Boris Johnson.” DON'T MISS: POLL: Should Boris scrap protocol and get DUP back into Stormont? [POLL]Brexit latest: Five key developments as Boris Johnson heads to NI [ANALYSIS]Boris warned 'most serious situation since 1994 ceasefire' with NI  [COMMENT]  The DUP is now Northern Ireland's second party, with leader Sir Jeffrey Donaldson said to have a “very clear message” for the UK government and EU regarding the protocol and issues within it. Ms McDonald continued: “We’ve been here before. The British government threw out the process of Brexit and the negotiations and the ratification of the protocol. “They have not acted in good faith, they have consistently threatened to act and have acted unilaterally. Let’s just be clear, the protocol is going nowhere, the protocol is a necessary outworking of Brexit, for which the Tory party and the DUP campaigned. The British government cannot use Ireland as a pawn, we won’t be the collateral damage in the Brexit negotiations.” Protesters were waiting for the PM as he arrived in Northern Ireland this afternoon for talks with the DUP, booing him as his police escort arrived. 