BBC podcast host Deborah James has spoken about how she's spending her last days doing simple things like "holding her husband's hand" amid her cancer battle. The star appeared on BBC Radio's 5 Live today where she spoke about how she's spending her days after she confirmed that she was moved to hospice at home care, following her six-year cancer battle. The star bravely spoke about the things that are "giving her peace" as she spends her last days at home. Deborah said: "I've got a big to-do list that I'm working my way through. "I'm worried when I get to the end I think that's like, 'ok, game over, I'm going to die now'. "But obviously my priority is spending time with my family," she added. READ MORE: BBC's Deborah James bids farewell as she moves to hospice at home care  The BBC presenter went on: "We're all together, I'm at my parents, it's always where I've wanted to die, if you want to say that "My husband, my kids are around, my parents, my brother, my sister "We've been having sleepovers, they've been talking and I've been listening. "I've been lying on the sofa, I've been doing a lot of sleeping but we are just out in the sunshine in the moment. "What I desire is simple things which is holding my husband's hand, curling up and watching movies with my daughter, telling them both that I love them." Deborah continued: "And just spending time watching people that I love in all acts of kindness, to just know that they're ok. "The more I tell them that they're going to be ok, they more I tell myself that they're going to be ok," she told the BBC host. "I know that they're surrounded by love, they're surrounded by support. DON'T MISS...Bill Turnbull reacts to Deborah James' fight amid his cancer battle [INSIGHT]The Wanted's Max George shares update amid 'rough' health struggle [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton 'hints at intimate piercing' in wake of jewellery ban [UPDATE] "And I don't think I could ask for anything more than that, so, they'll be fine," she added. Yesterday, the mother of two made the sad announcement there is no longer anything medical professionals can do for her amid her cancer battle. She explained she is being moved to hospice at home care, and doesn’t know how log she has left. Deborah told her 404,000 Instagram followers: "The message I never wanted to write. "We have tried everything, but my body simply isn’t playing ball. “My active care has stopped and I am now moved to hospice at home care, with my incredible family all around me and the focus is on making sure I’m not in pain and spending time with them. “Nobody knows how long I’ve got left but I’m not able to walk, I’m sleeping most of the days, and most things I took for granted are pipe dreams," she penned. She continued: "I know we have left no stone unturned. But even with all the innovative cancer drugs in the world or some magic new breakthrough, my body just can’t continue anymore. "In over 5 years of writing about how I thought it would be my final Christmas, how I wouldn’t see my 40th birthday nor see my kids go to secondary school - I never envisaged writing the one where I would actually say goodbye. "I think it’s been the rebellious hope in me. But I don’t think anyone can say the last 6 months has exactly been kind! “It’s all heartbreaking to be going through but I’m surrounded by so much love that if anything can help me through I hope that will.” She signed off her heartfelt post: “Right now for me it’s all about taking it a day at a time, step by step and being grateful for another sunrise. “My whole family are around me and we will dance through this together, sunbathing and laughing (I’ll cry!!) at every possible moment! “You are all incredible, thank you for playing your part in my journey. No regrets. Enjoy life x Deborah,” she ended her post.