"I have a 40-year-old daughter who is autistic (high scale) presently on PIP. I would like to provide a pension for her without affecting her benefits and saving ISA. Can you advise how this could be done to ensure that she will have good financial support in the future." Do you have a question you'd like financial experts to answer? Please email your query to personal.finance@reachplc.com. Unfortunately, we cannot respond to every email. Andy Baker, Partner and Chartered Financial Planner at Equilibrium Financial Planning, replied: “Firstly, it’s important to note that PIP (Personal Independence Payment) is not means tested, so any savings into pensions that are made on your daughter’s behalf should not affect this support. However, if your daughter is in receipt of any other support, there could be a means test, so this should be considered. “You mention providing your daughter with ‘good financial support for the future’ but it would be helpful to explore exactly what this means in order to establish the amount that is required to do so and when it is needed. "For example, do you need to provide a monthly income or a lump sum? Is access to a property needed? These are important questions to consider as ISAs can be accessed at any time, but a pension cannot be accessed until the age of 58. “State pensions often make up an important part of retirement income once people are in their late 60s. It may be worth exploring what entitlement your daughter has accumulated so far and whether additional National Insurance contributions are required, as National Insurance contributions are not made on your behalf when receiving PIP. “Anyone under the age of 75 can fund a private pension, but the annual amount is restricted to £3,600 (including tax relief) if you don’t have any earned income. This contribution could be made by you as a method of financial support for the future. For example, a payment of £2,880 would receive tax relief of £720, even if your daughter does not pay tax. This is a contribution that could be made every year, benefitting from £720 each time and increasing growth on the larger, gross amount. Higher contributions could be made if your daughter is working and earns more than £3,600. “Given that the money in the pension cannot be accessed until age 58, around 18 years from now, it is worth considering investing the money to generate improved returns. Although it’s important to be aware that any investments can, and will, go down as well as up. For amounts above this, you may want to consider funding an ISA or even placing money into a trust where a trustee could be appointed to provide support for your daughter. A vulnerable person’s trust receives special tax treatment and can hold assets, including property.” READ MORE: ‘Eating is a luxury!’ Mum-of-two on Universal Credit ‘can’t live’ as bills soar Chartered financial planner Kay Ingram, replied: "Eligibility for Personal Independence Payment (PIP) is not affected by the amount of savings an individual has. "PIP is payable to those aged 16-65 with two years or more UK residency, who need long term support with tasks of daily living and / or mobility due to a health condition. "PIP is tax free and paid in four-weekly instalments. From state retirement age Attendance Allowance replaces PIP. "You may work while receiving PIP and get other benefits, including Housing Benefit and Universal Credit, if eligibility criteria are met. "These benefits do take account of an individual’s savings, so while the PIP payments are not affected by her savings, it is important to be aware of what counts if other benefits are being claimed. "Universal Credit disregards the first £6,000 of savings but then applies a reduction in the benefit once savings are over this. When savings reach £16,000 Universal Credit is lost. But not all savings count. "Savings held in a private pension are disregarded until the claimant reaches state pension age (currently 66, but likely to rise to 68 for your daughter). Third party payments may be made by you into a pension for her. "Non earners may save up to £2,880 per year into a pension and receive a taxpayer subsidy of 25 percent of their savings, giving a total of £3,600 a year saved. The pension provider collects the tax relief from HMRC and adds this to her savings so that every £8 saved becomes worth £10 invested. "A 40-year-old investing £300 per month could expect to achieve a fund of £72,000 after 20 years, rising to £110,640 after 30 years savings, assuming moderate growth in a medium risk investment fund is achieved. This is not guaranteed, and the sum built up will depend upon investment returns and charges levied so could vary. "If your daughter is employed and earns £10,000 per year or more, she is eligible to join her employer’s auto enrolment pension scheme and should automatically get an employer contribution to a private pension of three percent of her annual earnings between £6,240 and £50,270. She must save four percent with tax relief on this of one percent, so that a total of eight percent would be saved, with half funded by her employer and the taxpayer. "If she earns less than £10,000, membership of the employer’s scheme is not automatic. Where earnings are £6,240 per year or more, the employee may request membership of the scheme. "Many employers offer more than the minimum contributions required under auto enrolment pensions and paying in extra to maximise the employer contribution and tax relief is sensible. "The self employed can save up to 100 percent of their profits in a pension, capped at £40,000 per year, with tax relief on their savings. "Private pensions may be accessed from age 55, set to increase to age 57 from April 2028. Up to 25 percent of the accrued pension fund can be taken as a tax -free sum. Withdrawals over this amount are taxed as income but may remain tax free if her total taxable income is below the personal allowance, (currently £12,570). "If claiming PIP only, other savings can be made without any deduction from PIP but do bear in mind that her circumstances and eligibility for other benefits could change, so keeping shorter term savings below £6,000 may be wise. "Up to £20,000 a year may be saved in an Individual Savings Account with growth and income tax free. Non-ISA deposit accounts typically pay more interest than ISA accounts. With a tax-free savings allowance of £1,000 a year, if income is below £50,270, the tax break on Cash ISAs is less relevant. "As your daughter is 40, she is too old to open a Lifetime ISA available from age 18-39. Up to £4,000 a year can be saved with 25 percent added by HMRC making £5,000 per year. "If she has already opened one her savings and the taxpayer subsidy can continue until she is 50. Savings grow tax free and can be withdrawn tax free if used to buy a first home or after age 60. Withdrawals for any other reason carry a 25 percent penalty and these savings will count, if other benefits are being claimed. "If you can contribute a larger amount towards your daughter’s future financial security, it may be worth establishing a trust fund. You could appoint yourself and others as trustees to act on her behalf in the future. I would advocate taking regulated financial advice from a member of the Society of Later Life Advisers (SOLLA) www.societyoflaterlifeadvisers.co.uk. They have specialist knowledge of taxation, trusts and benefits which all need to be considered. Many provide a free, no obligation initial discussion. You can check on the SOLLA website to find an adviser near you. Free guidance is available from Citizens Advice and www.moneyhelper.org.uk."