Manchester United legend Sir Alex Ferguson joked that handing the LMA Manager of the Year award to Jurgen Klopp felt like “absolute agony”. The Liverpool boss was recognised for his achievements after mounting a serious bid for the quadruple and winning two cup trophies, with a third still possible despite missing out on the Premier League title. Ferguson, a five-time winner of the award who last won it in 2013 before his retirement, has had to watch Liverpool leave United in their shadow under Klopp and, when he was up on stage with the German tactician, he told Klopp: “This is agony, absolute agony!” The rivalry between the two clubs means that for the majority of Ferguson’s reign at Man United, Liverpool were their biggest enemy on the pitch. But since his retirement, United have largely failed to restore the glory days at Old Trafford, with no league titles in nine years and no trophy of any kind since 2017. READ MORE: Liverpool players 'dropping like flies' as Klopp sent Madrid warning Ferguson hinted that he blames himself for the 54-year-old’s success at Liverpool after advising the German to join a club “with history” when he first met Klopp back in 2010. He later took charge of the Reds in 2015 and has gone on to win five trophies in that time, turning Liverpool into one of Europe’s most feared teams. The legendary Scot added: “I should have told him to go to Scunthorpe United," before Klopp responded: “I couldn’t understand anything he said… I’ve improved through working with Robbo and Kenny.” The Reds have enjoyed a phenomenal season across the board which nearly produced one of the most historic seasons in recent memory. They missed out on the Premier League title by a single point to Manchester City, having been 13 points off the lead at one stage. Klopp’s men also won the Carabao Cup and FA Cup, beating Chelsea in a penalty shootout on both occasions. DON'T MISSLiverpool may have Tchouameni Plan B ready as Real Madrid agree dealLiverpool have new rival at 'negotiation table' for second transferLiverpool may sell Mane for £42m and star 'can imagine' joining Bayern With a Champions League final to come on Saturday in Paris, Klopp and his side can still make it a hat-trick of trophies in cup competitions. And the German, picking up his award, hailed his players and coaching staff for their efforts. “It is a great honour and it was an insane season. The last matchday when only two games were meaningless and in the rest, we all played for absolutely everything. It was not the best outcome for us, but we are already over it,” he said. “When you win a prize like this you are either a genius or you have the best coaching staff in the world – and I am here with all of my coaching staff; they know how much I appreciate them. “This being voted for by my colleagues is obviously the most important prize you can get. I don’t believe in individual prizes in football generally, it is a team sport and I would be nothing without these boys there. It is all about what we can do together and what we did together.”