The father of Leeds winger Raphinha has spoken out about the player’s future, one week after the 25-year-old helped his team secure their Premier League status for another season. The Brazilian has been strongly tipped to sign for Barcelona this summer. Raphinha has lit up the Premier League since moving to Elland Road from Rennes for £17million in 2020. And last Sunday he found the back of the net in a 2-1 win over Brentford as the Whites avoided relegation on the last day of the season. The ace is contracted to Leeds until the summer of 2024 but has been attracting the attention of a whole host of top clubs in recent months. Barcelona are huge admirers of the Brazil international and had reportedly been hoping to land him on the cheap for around £20million if Leeds were relegated to the Championship. But they have been hit by a transfer crisis as they could miss out on signing him if Ousmane Dembele remains at the Nou Camp this summer, according to Mundo Deportivo. READ MORE: Chelsea boss Tuchel urged to re-sign defender who 'man-marked Mo Salah out of a game'    And Raphael Belloli has given his thoughts about his son’s potential move to Spain. “Possibilities exist,” Belloli said. “But these possibilities involve three parties - the interested club, the current one and the player. “He is calm about having a contract and, as everyone knows, the possibilities depend only on him. What is already known is what is in the news, nothing different from that.” Barcelona have been hit with financial issues in the light of the COVID-19 pandemic and have been forced to cut back on their outgoings in recent years. Last summer, they were unable to renew the contract of legendary player Lionel Messi, who moved to Paris Saint-Germain. And Dembele could follow the Argentina international to France to make room for Raphinha. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'could submit first Nkunku bid next week' with agent talks underwayCristiano Ronaldo 'missing farewell meal' speaks volumes about Man Utd starLiverpool 'have dream transfer for 2023' after Tchouameni's private declaration      Barca shelled out a staggering £135.5m to sign Dembele from Borussia Dortmund in 2017 - but the player has failed to live up his billing and has been plagued by a series of injury problems. The winger is out of contract this summer and the Catalan giants could well be happy to welcome Raphinha to the club instead. Meanwhile Raphinha’s dad also paid tribute to his son’s celebration after his goal last weekend. “It was a celebration of great relief,” Belloli added. “It was a promise with regards to his goals which, unfortunately, were not to go down. This was achieved with the effort of the entire group. He is a very dedicated player with a lot of faith.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 