Manchester United have settled on right-back plans for next season after informing both Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Diogo Dalot of their status in Erik ten Hag's plans. Ten Hag is already in the UK after his final Ajax game last Sunday and has started work on shaping his squad ahead of his official start date. Dalot will be a part of that squad after being told he features in the Dutchman's thinking for next season, according to reports. Ten Hag intends to keep the 23-year-old at Old Trafford after he replaced Wan-Bissaka as United's first-choice right-back under Ralf Rangnick. Atletico Madrid's enquiries this season followed AC Milan's and Borussia Dortmund's approaches last summer. However, the Red Devils have made it abundantly clear to Dalot's current suitors that they won't negotiate his exit in the upcoming transfer window. On the contrary, Wan-Bissaka is expected to depart M16 ahead of the 2022-23 season. The MEN claims that the former Crystal Palace star's representatives have been formally informed that he isn't in Ten Hag's plans and the club are open to selling him just three years after his £50million arrival. JUST IN: Ten Hag 'needs convincing' on Rashford after Man Utd staff intervene Intensifying reports on United's current right-backs learning their fates align with heightening speculation regarding Ajax defender Jurrien Timber. Ten Hag is understood to want to bring the centre-back, who is also comfortable at right-back, with him to the Premier League. Reports state United are in talks over making Timber the 52-year-old's first signing as the club's manager. And his agency, Forza Sports Group, poured fuel onto the fire on Thursday, posting an image of an airport on Instagram with the caption: 'Deal closing time'. READ MORE: What Everton fan said to Patrick Vieira to provoke angry reaction Timber has enjoyed a sublime season at Ajax and, aged 20, is considered one of Europe's most exciting young defenders. The Dutch Eredivisie champions are said to be looking for around £35m to offload him this summer, a similar sum United would hope to recoup from the £50m paid for Wan-Bissaka. If the Red Devils can secure Timber's services early in the transfer window or even put the deal in place beforehand, it would put them in promising stead for a huge summer of dealings. But Ten Hag's cutthroat stance on Wan-Bissaka indicates that it will be just as hectic a period for outgoings. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.