The former RAF officer appeared on the BBC’s For Love or Money earlier today where presenters revealed his ‘girlfriend’ was indeed a scammer. Online romance scams have skyrocketed during the pandemic with fraudsters becoming more convincing and sophisticated every day. Speaking on the programme, Joe said “My wife had an operation and suddenly passed away in the hospital. “I had no intentions of seeking another partner but when this lady from Ghana decided to get in touch with me saying she saw my profile on Facebook we struck up a friendship. “She was desperate to come here, move into the house and marry me. “The money that I’ve spent is substantial - she expects it all the time.” READ MORE: Direct debit change warning: Britons could save 'few hundred pounds' Joe is a retired RAF logistics officer from Fife who has three grown up children and now works part time as a lollipop man. He joined Facebook to keep in touch with friends and family including his son who was living abroad. Joe told presenter Kym Marsh he wasn’t actively looking for love but when he received a friend request from someone who said they were called Jennifer out of the blue, he accepted it. He said it was “the laidback way that she spoke to me like she’d known me for a quite a while” that had him hooked. DON'T MISSMartin Lewis gives his verdict on Premium Bonds versus savings account [ALERT]Santander is offering 2.5 percent interest rate on savings [UPDATE]Heat pump scheme 'not enough' as installation costs rise to £35,000 [WARNING] Jennifer told Joe she was a nurse and only asked for small amounts of money to begin with. After three months she told him she would fly over to Scotland to be with him, which is also when bigger demands for money started to flood in. Finding out she was indeed a scammer, Joe said: “Hurtful but at the same time it gave me the full answers that I was looking for. “Even with the revelations they were coming up with I was still ‘mmm’ as I’ve been brought up to give people the benefit of the doubt - but not anymore.” Joe isn’t the only one who has fallen prey to this particular scammer who has stolen an innocent person’s identity and also goes by the name of Eva. Retired dentist Simon Frost told the programme he had also lost thousands of pounds to someone using the same innocent person's photo. A tech expert for the programme said: “The big sites like Facebook are changing - they have to."  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “They are actually getting rid of about four times as many fake profiles than before. "We’re talking about billions of fake profiles that are created every year." Express.co.uk has contacted Facebook but is still waiting for comment. People can report a scam to Action Fraud on 0300 123 2040. For Love or Money is available on BBC iPlayer. 