In an email to a senior official at the White House National Security Council (NSC), seen by Express.co.uk, a foreign policy expert warned there's a "deficiency of understanding in Washington" of the "detrimental" implications of Scottish independence. Professor Azeem Ibrahim, a former adviser to the Biden campaign, advised the NSC to circulate his advice in its daily security briefing, saying it is "imperative that the administration be made aware of this threat". Earlier today, Prof Ibrahim published an article in US outlet The National Interest, in which he warned of the "threat" of Scottish Independence. He said: "In becoming independent, Scotland would paralyse the nuclear defensive stance of the UK for at least five to 10 years, blowing a huge hole into NATO’s defensive posture at a time when the alliance is tested unlike any since the end of the Cold War. "The entire nuclear submarine infrastructure that the UK relies on is based in Scotland, and the SNP has pledged to close it down upon independence. "Relocating the infrastructure is going to be hugely expensive, and more importantly, it will take a long time." Sending copies of the article to a senior official at the White House NSC, Prof Ibrahim wrote: "The First Minister of Scotland, Nicola Sturgeon will be visiting Washington DC tomorrow where she will be speaking at the Brookings Institute and meeting various officials. "Nicola Sturgeon is the leader of the Scottish National Party which exists only to break up the United Kingdom and make Scotland an independent country. "There is a deficiency of understanding in Washington of the strategic implications of Scottish independence and its highly detrimental effect on the national security of the United States and NATO. "I have penned the attached essays in Foreign Policy Magazine and National Interest highlighting the nature of these threats which are now much more pronounced with events in Europe. "It is imperative that the administration be made aware of this threat and would therefore deeply appreciate if you could circulate my articles in your daily security briefing to relevant government departments." His warning comes as Ms Sturgeon pays a visit to Washington DC, where she will be speaking about the "future of European energy security". But Prof Ibrahim noted Ms Sturgeon is a "politician at heart and has her own political goals". Writing in The National Interest, Prof Ibrahim added: "Sturgeon is, therefore, trying to conscript the moment for her cause and is in the process of trying to organise a second independence referendum." Issuing a warning at the end of his article, Prof Ibrahim said: "Americans, and the American leaders that Sturgeon will meet during her trip to Washington, don’t necessarily know all this. But they should be aware. "There are bigger things at stake than just the desires of Sturgeon’s party in Scotland." Prof Ibrahim said that Scottish independence would "jeopardize" the UK's nuclear umbrella. This is because, despite the escalation of the war in Ukraine, the SNP remains committed to removing the UK's nuclear deterrent, Trident. DON'T MISS: We will act! Boris renews threat to torpedo hated Brexit deal [REACTION] 'Barrel load' of Leave voters abandon Boris as party 'weakened' [INSIGHT]'Choppy waters' John Curtice pinpoints key 'tripwire' for Boris [ANALYSIS] Trident assets - such as the Farslane submarine base, the warhead loading site at Coulport, and nearby testing ranges - are all located in Scotland or Scottish waters. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk about the threat that Nicola Sturgeon's party poses, Prof Ibrahim said: "The security situation in Europe has changed dramatically over the last few months with even neutral Sweden and Finland scrambling to join NATO. "The Prime Minister was correct in confirming that the UK will aid both nations in the eventuality of an attack by Putin. "This is to ensure that they are protected by the UK’s nuclear umbrella whilst their NATO memberships are considered by member nations. "The UK’s nuclear umbrella has never been more critical to European defence. "It is this same security umbrella that the SNP would jeopardize in the event of independence. "I don’t believe this would be acceptable to any NATO member let alone the United States. "I also believe it would jeopardize the prospect of an independent Scotland joining NATO. "It is imperative that the US fully understand the national security implication of an independent Scotland and, by extension, the security threat the SNP poses to the US, Europe and NATO." Nicola Sturgeon has previously defended the SNP's policy of scrapping nuclear weapons, saying: "We should lead the way by scrapping nuclear weapons and investing that money in our communities and our public services. "The fact that the Westminster parties are united in their opposition to this approach will only confirm to many Scots that independence is the only way to scrap Trident once and for all. "My message is simple – the overwhelming majority of countries the world over do not have nuclear weapons. "We do not need nuclear weapons. And we should never, ever use nuclear weapons." Express.co.uk has contacted the SNP for comment. 