Michael Fireman is a celebrity trainer who has helped personalities such as Jeremy Paxman, Michael Gove and actress Josephine Bornebusch lose weight. The personal trainer started by saying good eating habits "help you lose weight, feel happier and more energised". But which foods should women include in their diet if their goal is to lose weight in a matter of weeks? Michael explained: "Try eating regular meals and healthy snacks at a similar time every day as it will help keep your blood sugar levels steady. "Regular healthy eating helps to ensure that your body has a continuous source of fuel, and can assist in keeping your mood stable so don’t skip meals! "In order to lose weight during menopause, be sure to eat a variety of nutrient-dense foods with the right mix of proteins, carbohydrates, and healthy fats." READ MORE: Weight loss: Top 10 most effective exercises to burn calories quickly  Michael said women should be eating more whole grains, especially during menopause, like: Quinoa Whole oats Brown rice Whole grain bread Whole wheat He also recommended adding foods rich in Omega-3 into your diet such as: Wild fish Flaxseed Chia seeds Walnuts  The personal trainer said it is essential women drink two litres of water a day in order to speed up the weight loss process. To make it easier, he recommended the "8x8 rule". He explained: "Stay hydrated by drinking eight eight-ounce glasses of water a day which equals to about two litres, or half a gallon. "They call this the 8×8 rule. "Alternatively try sipping water constantly throughout the day, even when you're not thirsty," he suggested. In terms of foods to avoid, Michael warned caffeine, as well as refined sugar, are things women should cut out completely. He explained: "It’s very tempting to rely heavily on caffeine and sugary ‘pick-me-ups’ to get you through your busy day. "Consume less white starches such as white bread, cereal, skinless white potatoes and white rice as they can stall your weight loss progress and decrease your libido. "Consume less refined sugars such as fruit juice, chocolate bars, energy drinks and pastries, as they cause your blood sugar to go up and down like a rollercoaster. "When your blood sugar spikes and drops it can leave you with a short-lived burst of energy... but this is followed by a tired and cranky feeling (mood swings)," he explained. The personal trainer continued: "It’s important you learn to recognise what foods and drinks trigger your hot flushes and either cut down on them or avoid them completely. Hot and spicy foods, caffeinated beverages, and alcohol can also trigger hot flushes." Finally, he advised women to "watch your sodium intake". "If you eat food high in salt it can cause your fat cells to swell. Cut down on your sodium intake and eat plenty of fibre and whole-grain foods such as bran and oat cereals, fruits and vegetables. They help to remove waste and toxins from the intestinal tract," the trainer explained.