Corgi dogs are synonymous with Queen Elizabeth II, who has owned more than 30 since her coronation in 1952. With the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations closing in fast, we thought it would be fun to share a new puzzle with Express Online readers. Like Where's Wally with dogs, the challenge is to spot the Corgi among the dozens and dozens of dogs pictured below. Good luck! Created by online gaming site Casumo, the Spot the Corgi puzzle is said to take the average person roughly 3 minutes to solve. "The Queen’s Corgis are almost as recognisable as the Queen herself, having owned more than 30 of them since she became Queen of the Commonwealth realms 70 years ago," reads the official description. "The Queen currently owns two Corgis, Muick, with the other name currently unknown; a Dorgi named Candy; and most recently a cocker spaniel named Lissy. She has also been recognised for her unusual and quirky dog names such as ‘Disco’ and ‘Bisto Oxo’ over the years. "To commemorate the Queen’s love for Corgi’s Casumo is putting Brits to the test to see if they can find this royal favourite!" If you're struggling to spot the royal canine in less than 3 minutes, we'd recommend concentrating on the right side of the image. If you still can't figure it out, head to the bottom of the page to see exactly where the Corgi can be found.  Speaking of the Platinum Jubilee, a Lemon Swiss Roll and Amaretti Trifle was recently awarded the title of Platinum Pudding for the upcoming celebration. With a judging panel featuring the likes of Mary Berry, 31-year-old copywriter Jemma Melvin's dessert was picked above a four-nations pudding, a Victoria sponge Bundt cake, and a passionfruit and thyme frangipane tart. The dish will become part of British food history, following in the footsteps of the classic Victoria Sponge, and popular sandwich filling Coronation Chicken. The recipe includes lemon curd Swiss roll, luscious lemon custard, chunky mandarin coulis and lashings of fresh whipped cream.