Reigning Eurovision Song Contest champions Italy are hosting the competition this year in Turin. The European nation has put forward musicians Mahmood & Blanco to represent them with the duo performing their song Brividi. Express.co.uk takes a look at the meaning behind the song and everything you need to know about the act. Last year, rock group Måneskin clinched the highly coveted Eurovision trophy thanks to their song Zitti E Buoni. Italy’s 2022 act Mahmood & Blanco will be hoping to replicate this success when they take to stage tonight. They will be ninth in the running order with their love ballad which celebrates love regardless of gender, sexuality or identity. Brividi literally translates to “chills” or “shiver” in English and being vulnerable in love. READ MORE: What time is the Eurovision Song Contest tonight? Some of the lyrics from Brividi read: “Come on, don‘t run away from here/Don‘t leave me like this/Naked with chills/Sometimes I don‘t know how to express myself/And I‘d like to love you, but I‘m always wrong.” Speaking about the track, Mahmood said: “It’s two different generations, with the same fears about exposing your feelings to someone that you love. “It’s a normal thing to be vulnerable and to be masculine. It has to be a more common, natural thing now to just spread love. That’s life.” Mahmood went on to say: “I have a lot of family and friends who are afraid to expose their feelings and I think we wrote the song because we’re not so afraid anymore to be sincere with ourselves. Love is to be free, in any case.” He added: “The power of the song is freedom, and I think that Brividi doesn’t speak about exactly what kind of love we’re dealing with, but more about losing the fear to face someone you love and expose your emotions.” Mahmood - like current champions Måneskin - found fame on the X Factor Italia, releasing two albums and a string of singles. This isn’t Mahmood’s first time at Eurovision either, he came second in 2019 with his song Solidi which went on to become the most-streamed song from the competition ever on Spotify. This record was only broken by Duncan Laurence’s song Arcade for the Netherlands in 2021. The singer said Brividi was “another story” - one he would be telling with Blanco, explaining: “You can say different things in a different way.”  Meanwhile, singer and rapper Blanco has topped the Italian characters with this track Mi Fai Impazzire in 2021. He has also released his debut album Blu Celeste which also came in at number one in the charts. Italy has been given odds of 10/1 to win the competition this year, according to OLBG, putting them in fourth place to achieve a double win. Ahead of Italy is Ukraine at 0.33/1, the UK with 6/1 and Sweden at 9/1. There’s a similar picture from Betfair, which has put Italy at 33/1 behind Ukraine at 4/11, the UK at 8/1 and Sweden at 11/1. DON'T MISS...How much do Amanda and Clive Owen get paid for Our Yorkshire Farm? [EXPLAINER]Laila Rouass on Ronnie O'Sullivan 'feeling flat' after world title win [INTERVIEW]Emmerdale theory: Dan Spencer killed off as Cain Dingle takes revenge [ANALYSIS] Betfair spokesperson Sam Robertson said: “Ukraine are 2/1 on Betfair Exchange to make history by receiving a record number of Eurovision points in Saturday’s final, a feat currently held by Portugal, who obtained a score of 758 in 2017. “Ukraine are also odds-on favourites at 4/11 to claim top spot in Turin, with the United Kingdom their closest competition at 8/1.” Robertson went on to explain: "Historical analysis of Betfair Exchange's odds show that it’s not a foregone conclusion that the favourite will win. The pre-competition favourite has only triumphed five times in the past 10 years. So, Eurovision could be coming home! "We have also seen punters really get behind Sam Ryder, when the market first opened the UK were 69/1 to win the competition, but they have now been backed into 8/1." The Eurovision Song Contest 2022 airs on BBC One tonight at 8pm