Manchester United are reportedly set to decide between Newcastle United's Karl Darlow and Watford's Daniel Bachmann if Dean Henderson heads for the exit this summer. the Red Devils' back-up stopper has been starved of game time this season, and is set to pursue regular action ahead of the World Cup later this year. Henderson looked destined for a fruitful future at Old Trafford when he signed a bumper five-year contract in 2020. That only looked more realistic when he was phased into the side at the end of 2020/21, with David De Gea dropped to the bench. But an unfortunately-timed positive Covid test from Henderson saw the Spaniard given another shot, and United have not looked back since. Henderson did not make a single Premier League appearance all season, and the Manchester Evening News state that he would have no problem sealing a permanent exit. They also claim that Darlow and Bachmann are under consideration as his prospective replacement. The former could be relatively simple to pull off given that Henderson's most likely destination is Newcastle, and a form of swap deal could be negotiated to make things simpler for all parties. JUST IN: Arsenal 'contact' Chelsea about Levi Colwill as scouts prepare to swarm play-off final Bachmann has spent the last five seasons on Watford's books, mainly serving as back-up to Ben Foster. He notched 12 Premier League appearances this campaign, and with the Hornets set to play in the Championship next season, a move to Old Trafford could be an appealing one. Both Darlow and Bachmann would presumably have to settle for minimal game time, however, given De Gea's current standing. Former England international Tom Heaton is also at the club, so there could even be a fight to estbalish who becomes Erik ten Hag's second choice. DON'T MISS...Kalvin Phillips' stance on future may have blocked Man City transferMohamed Salah confirmed Liverpool decision but Sadio Mane gives cryptic answerArsenal dealt setbacks over trio who could be key to transfer plans Fans could be waiting a few more days for further developments as United are reportedly keen to line up Henderson's replacement before letting him go. Darlow is supposedly aware that links to Old Trafford are growing, but he is still on a post-season break after spending the season as Martin Dubravka's understudy on Tyneside. A back-up goalkeeper is more of a necessity than a luxury for United, who will begin next season with new boss Ten Hag at the helm. Higher-profile moves are thought to be in the pipeline as key recruits are needed in defence and midfield. Ajax centre-back Jurrien Timber has been heavily linked with a move that would see him follow his former boss to the Premier League, while Frenkie de Jong is also believed to be on United's radar amid a host of midfield departures. During a rare interview this week, Red Devils co-owner Avram Glazer suggested that the Dutchman will have plenty of cash to revamp the side. "We're going to work hard to make next season a better season," he told Sky Sports. "That's why we hired [Ten Hag]. He's going to do a great job." "We've always spent the money necessary to buy new players. It is a disappointing season. It's a disappointing season for everyone."