Pau Torres has shot down talk of a move to Manchester United or Tottenham this summer. The Villarreal star has been linked with both Premier League teams after another impressive campaign in La Liga. However, at the current moment in time, a move to England doesn’t appear to be on the cards. Manchester United were interested in signing Torres from Villarreal a year ago, only for Ole Gunnar Solskjaer to swoop for Raphael Varane instead. And Tottenham missed out on a deal for the Spain international due to their failure to qualify for the Champions League. With the summer transfer window creeping closer, United and Spurs have both been linked with the Villarreal star again. But the defender has now shot down talk of a potential move to the Premier League. He said: ”I have the peace of mind of being where they want me, where I have a valid contract and a renewal offer. “The future will tell what happens but I am very calm, I do not look further and it is time to disconnect. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings “It has been two years very good at Villarreal, we have competed with the best at European level which is what every player wants. “And if, in addition, you do it in your town's team, it's bigger.” Torres then added: "It's something I've always talked about with the president, that different situations could arise. “The club loves me and I am very grateful. I know that I can stay here for many more years because the affection is mutual. “We'll see what we decide.” Torres did insist, however, that he wouldn’t rule ‘anything out’ - though also suggested he’d be open to becoming Villarreal’s all-time appearance holder. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag "Everything is possible and I don't rule anything out,” he said. “The other day was the act in which Bruno, Mario and Manu Trigueros remembered the 400 games with the club. “These are challenges that one day appear out there, to be the one with the most games one day in the club. “They are very difficult decisions, there is nothing. There is no decision made. “The only offer I have today is the renewal with Villarreal. I know they love me here and they love me a lot." Whether his words deter United and Tottenham from making a move remains to be seen. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz The Red Devils overlooked Torres 12 months ago but, with Harry Maguire, Victor Lindelof and Eric Bailly struggling, they’ve apparently reignited their interest. United may struggle to land the Villarreal star, however, due to their failure to qualify for next season’s Champions League. Tottenham will have no such issues when it comes to that. Spurs finished fourth in the table this term, with Antonio Conte getting them in shape following a dire start to the season under Nuno Espirito Santo. With Torres previously turning Tottenham down, though, it’ll now be interesting to see what happens. Speaking in September, meanwhile, the centre-back opened up on his decision to stay at Villarreal despite interest from United and Tottenham last year. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "In the end, I was more interested in playing in the Champions League with my local team,” stated the 25-year-old. "It was clear to me that it was a year to enjoy the Champions League with Villarreal, close to my family. "It’s the fourth time Villarreal have played in the Champions League, and that’s what I was most looking forward to. "From minute one, they (Villarreal) told me they would respect whatever I decided. "I am very happy at home. I have a contract until 2024 and whatever is best for everyone, we’ll see."