Former Arsenal defender Martin Keown has claimed he always thought the Gunners would finish behind north London rivals Tottenham in the race for Champions League football this season. Mikel Arteta’s side handed over control of fourth place to Tottenham after his side lost 2-0 away to Newcastle on Monday night, and now sit two points behind Spurs. Due to their significantly inferior goal difference, Arsenal will need Norwich to do them a favour and beat Tottenham on the final day of the season, while the Gunners defeat Everton themselves in order to finish in fourth place. Keown, who made over 400 appearances for Arsenal, has claimed that he always believed that his former side would finish below their rivals after looking at the fixtures. When asked if Arsenal had collapsed at the end of the season, Keown told talkSPORT: “I didn’t see it that way. I think it just comes down to quality, have you got the necessary depth in the squad? I think it was quite a worrying performance in terms of the quality of the performance, the way that Newcastle were so much better than Arsenal. Really very disappointing. “I always felt that Spurs were going to pip Arsenal, from some time ago looking at their fixtures. I know there has been progress made from an Arsenal point of view after finishing eighth the last two seasons and now finishing fifth, but really disappointing. “Of course, that same pressure will be there again at the start of next season. I think that Arteta will be given that time to get his team right, I think there is a desire to keep him in the position he has just signed a new three-year contract. But I just feel that he needs to get the necessary players now that can help him in those tough situations that they were in against Newcastle.” Arteta will be hoping for a good summer of recruitment to build on their progress this season, with David Seaman believing the Gunners are in for a “massive” transfer window. On his Seaman Says podcast, the former Arsenal goalkeeper said: “It is going to be a massive summer for Arsenal, we all know that. We have lost Aubameyang, there are a couple of players that are out of contract, especially in the striker’s position, so it is a big summer for Arsenal and I think that will tell us where the board and the club are aiming to go.” Before the season has even finished, the club look set to make their first signing ahead of next season, with Brazilian teenage forward Marquinhos set for a medical in London ahead of a move from Sao Paulo.