Transport for London (TFL) announced on Wednesday that the Elizabeth Line will begin to transport passengers from Tuesday, May 24. The Crossrail project, which has cost £18.8 billion to construct, will connect Reading and Essex via central London, providing an efficient route into the capital for commuters and tourists alike. Known as Crossrail until February 2016, the service was renamed the Elizabeth Line, in honour of Queen Elizabeth II. Beginning in Reading, the Elizabeth line will pass commuter hubs before moving through central London and terminating in the Essex town of Shenfield. In total, the Elizabeth line will travel through a mixture of 41 brand new and refurbished stations. The new stations include:  READ MORE: Shopping at certain Tesco and Sainsbury's stores can cost more And the remaining 31 stations consist of:  DON'T MISS: Energy bills: Full list of British Gas, EDF and Scottish Power bills [ANALYSIS]Meghan had 'astonishing' feud at 'first party' she attended at Palace [INSIGHT]Angela Rayner told to stop repeating 'unreliable' claim [NEWS] The Abbey Wood to Paddington section will open to passengers on May 24, although initially trains will not run on Sundays or call at Bond Street. Once the route is open, services in the central London section will run every five minutes between 6.30am and 11pm, but a full timetable will not be in place until May 2023. Passengers wishing to travel the length of the line will need to change at Paddington or Liverpool Street, depending on their destination, until next year. When the line reaches Whitechapel, it will branch off into two separate directions. One of these will head southeast and terminate at Abbey Wood.  While the second will take you all the way into Essex before the journey comes to a finish at Shenfield. Journey times from Abbey Wood, in south-east London, to Paddington will be slashed by almost half to 29 minutes. Commuters travelling between Liverpool Street and Woolwich will shave off 15 minutes from their journey. And a trip between Farringdon and Canary Wharf, which currently takes 24 minutes, will take 10 minutes. 