Britain's Got Talent stuntman Jonathan Goodwin, 42, has injured himself in a stunt gone wrong. The Welsh daredevil has been left paralysed and using a wheelchair, revealed his fiance, Sherlock actress Amanda Abbington, 48. Jonathan rose to fame in the 2019 instalment of Britain’s Got Talent. While rehearsing for a spin-off show, America’s Got Talent: Extreme, in October 2021, the star suffered a horrifying accident. He was performing a stunt in which he would hang upside down 30 feet in the air between two suspended cars. The stuntman did this while attempting to escape from a straitjacket. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman praised after rescuing stranded hiker on mountain Both cars caught fire, however, after being released too early and he was crushed between them. He was consequently hospitalised. Fiancé Amanda Abbington, who played Miss Mardle in Mr Selfridge and Mary Watson in Sherlock, revealed the extent of his injuries. She told Jay Rayner on the Out To Lunch podcast that he fell 30 feet. Amanda said: “He fell 30 feet and lost a kidney, broke both shoulder blades, shattered both legs. “Third degree burns, broke his spine and severed his spinal cord and nearly died. “And then on the operating table, he nearly died again. “He’s just been in rehab since October…He’s paralysed now, he’s in a wheelchair.” DON'T MISS...Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker steal Met Gala spotlight [PICS]Brooklyn Beckham shirtless as Nicola Peltz dares to bare at Met Gala [LATEST]Anne Hegerty reacts to Mark Labbett's The Chase replacement [INSIGHT] She added that he will be in the state of paralysis forever. However, Amanda has stated that Jonathan has kept his calm and positivity throughout the aftermath of the incident. The star recalled how she received a voicemail from Jonathan afterwards. He told her that he loved her very much and there was a 50% chance he wouldn’t make it. Thankfully, the stuntman survived and has been keeping fans up to date on Instagram. In full view of his 44,300 followers, the performer told his fans after the accident in October: “There is a long road to recovery and that won’t look like what it did… “I may leave the daft s**t alone for a while, but I have a lot left to do in this world.” Jonathan appeared on America’s Got Talent in 2020 and later came back to compete on the Extreme version of the show.