Prince Charles will take the Queen’s place at the opening of parliament as she misses the event for the first time since 1963. The other two members of the family who could take her place are Prince Andrew and Prince Harry. Questioning what this latest development could mean for the future of the monarchy, Good Morning Britain host Richard Madeley questioned if Charles is preparing for a Prince Regent role. Richard asked: “Do you think we might see the Queen stepping down formally and we will have a Regency and Charles will effectively take over?” “I don’t think that’s necessary because the Queen is still perfectly capable of dealing with the Prime Minister and all the other things she does,” Hugo Vickers replied. “If you read the court circular, she receives ambassadors through Zoom. “It’s only really if she was unable to do anything that at all that it would be the case. READ MORE: 'Disgusted' BBC Breakfast sparks uproar over Russian news coverage “The fact is she has a Royal Family to support her and they gradually are helping and stepping into the breech which is exactly what they should do and of course, for Prince Charles who has been the President of the State Opening for a number of years now mute, he actually gets a little glimpse of the future himself and he actually has a speaking role for once.” Richard probed: “The two other members of the Royal Family, who would be allowed to do this job today are Prince Andrew and Prince Harry. “What does that tell us about the state of the monarchy?” “It tells us perhaps we need some different councillors of states but to do that you need to change the law,” Chris Ship answered. “And to change the law on these things is not a very simple matter at all.” Richard asked: “What do you think Hugo?” “Well, to be annoying, Prince Harry is already excluded by being abroad,” Hugo noted. “But like a lot of people say, why not the Princess Royal? Bring her in. DON'T MISS...Boris scrambles to salvage Queen's Speech as Starmer steals thunder [LATEST]The six things to watch for during the Queen's speech [INSIGHT]Prince Charles told to pass crown on if he fails Queen's Speech [UPDATE] “They can do it, they can do that. That would be great wouldn’t it.” Prince Charles will deliver the Queen’s speech to parliament for the first time and will be accompanied by his son Prince William. The Queen granted special permission for William to attend and it will be his first time opening parliament. The Duchess of Cornwall will also accompany the pair to parliament. It will be the third time the Queen has missed the opening of parliament with the last time being 1963 when she was pregnant with Edward. She also bowed out in 1959 when pregnant with Prince Andrew. The Queen’s throne in parliament will remain empty but the Imperial State Crown will be taken to parliament. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays on ITV from 6am.