Energy bills have risen for approximately 22 million homes across the UK since the energy price cap rise in April. As a result, many Britons are trying to make changes around the home to drive down the cost of their bills. This can include unplugging unused devices or switching off lights. However, there is one lesser-known change which has the potential to save energy usage in the kitchen. According to experts from Uswitch, the type of pans you use to cook with could be adding to bills. This is because certain pans are better at conducting and retaining heat, thus needing less energy to cook with. Uswitch said: "Copper-bottomed pans heat up more quickly than stainless steel, and cast-iron pans retain heat more efficiently, so you won't need the heat to be turned up so high. "Keep heating rings as clean as possible - any food that sticks to the ring will absorb heat, making it less efficient." For those using an electric hob, a flat-bottomed pan can boost efficiency. Uswitch's expert explained: "If you're using an electric hob, choose flat-bottomed pans so the pan is in full contact with the ring and the heat spreads through it as evenly as possible." READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fan shares ‘fantastic’ hack for cleaning oven racks This can include unplugging unused devices or switching off lights. However, there is one lesser-known change which has the potential to save energy usage in the kitchen. According to experts from Uswitch, the type of pans you use to cook with could be adding to bills. This is because certain pans are better at conducting and retaining heat, thus needing less energy to cook with.  Households are advised to always use a pan which is the right size for the amount of food. This will "ensure that you use less energy in heating a bigger surface area when you don’t necessarily need to". Uswitch added: "Similarly when you’ve selected your pan, make sure you use the right size hob for it. "A bigger burner will waste energy and a pan that’s too big will take longer to get to the right temperature. DON'T MISSFresher laundry': Add three cheap kitchen items to the wash [COMMENT]How to clean inside of your kettle using baking soda [EXPLAINER]House prices: Why first time buyers should strike now [REPORT] "Sometimes the instructions on a recipe may mean that it’s not a good idea to put lids on pans but, if not, use lids in order to keep the heat in." Being more selective about when and how you use your oven hob may also add to energy savings. For example, using a kettle to boil water, rather than a pan on the hob, could save you money. Only filling the kettle with the specific amount of water you need can save an average of £6 per year. Where possible, batch cooking and then using a microwave to heat up leftovers can also result in substantial savings. According to Uswitch's research, an oven costs approximately 18p per hour of use. In many cases, you're likely to use your oven for an hour, or even longer throughout the week. However, a microwave costs just 21p per hour of use on average, though you're unlikely to use it for even close to an hour.