Russia has lost an estimated 30,000 troops in Ukraine, but according to reports, President Vladimir Putin believes it is a "blood sacrifice" worth paying. However, Putin's ambitions have had to be scaled back in the face of fierce Ukrainian resistance with plans to take Kyiv failing.  Bruce Jones, an expert on Russian intelligence and military affairs, told The Daily Mirror that there will be a "cut-off point" where Russian forces can't take anymore. He said: "There has to be a point when Russian forces cannot take any more losses, a cut-off point. "This would be a straw that broke the camel’s back moment, where units would no longer be able to function as a fighting force because they are so depleted." A secret report written by a British analyst and seen by top Government officials has been obtained by The Daily Mirror.  The report is scathing of the Russian military claiming its infantry attacks are "reminiscent of 1945 not 2022". They said: "Russia ’s attempt to achieve a speedy and decisive victory in the Donbas has not yet succeeded. "They are still grinding forward, gaining 1-2km a day. "The Russians are now achieving what successes they have mostly by means of a slogging match with repeated, very costly, infantry attacks reminiscent of 1945 not 2022. READ MORE: Putin on alert as Poland orders five HUNDRED rocket launchers  "The gross failures of the campaign Putin has so far been able to hide quite well from the Russian public, or to blame on various officials, who have been arrested and replaced. "The Russian population until recently bought Putin’s disinformation. "We have seen an attempt within the Kremlin to get a message across to Putin and his closest team that things are going wrong, perhaps even catastrophically wrong." Russian forces have now largely withdrawn from other areas of Ukraine to concentrate resources in the eastern Donbas region. DON'T MISS: Mona Lisa smeared with CAKE by climate protester [REVEAL] Vladimir Putin left reeling after Ukraine wipe out Russian supply base  [INSIGHT] Ukrainian MP takes dig at EU after Nigel Farage prompt  [SPOTLIGHT]   This could be enough to achieve a breakthrough and enough for Putin to claim victory and withdraw troops entirely. Sievierodonetsk, the largest city in the Russian speaking Donbas, has been under intense bombardment from Russian artillery for days. According to witnesses, Russian tanks are advancing towards the centre of the city, blasting everything in their path to smithereens. President Volodymyr Zelensky said: "Capturing Sievierodonetsk is a fundamental task for the occupiers. "We are doing all we can to hold this advance." 