Buckingham Palace aides are said to be concerned about possible tension between members of the Firm if the couple bring a film crew with them upon their return to the country. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are flying over to celebrate the Queen's seventieth year on the throne during the four-day milestone event. The pair are expected to play a significant role in the celebrations despite being banned from appearing alongside other senior royals on the Palace balcony during the Trooping the Colour ceremony. One royal source told the Sun: "Even if they accept that their Netflix crew can't go into Buckingham Palace to film, they could cause problems - and at the very least cause a major distraction. "Senior courtiers believe that Netflix will see it as one big opportunity to exploit their mega-millions agreement with the couple.  "So a team of Palace aides will be on standby to keep a very close eye on the crew, and act as minders if needs be." It comes after Netflix bosses are said to be annoyed by the decision made by the couple to give bombshell interviews with rival television networks despite signing a multi-million dollar deal with the streaming giants in 2020. This includes Prince Harry's revelatory interview with NBC last month when he revealed details about his meeting with the Queen at Windsor Castle ahead of flying out the Invictus Games in the Hague. One of the Netflix film crew members was understood to have been shadowing the Duke at the time for Heart of Invictus - a documentary about his sporting event for wounded and injured veterans. READ MORE: Kate and William to shake-up royal protocol after Caribbean tour The insider said: "Netflix would have loved the first comments about the visit to the Queen for the documentary. "There was a real sense of annoyance that they were made to another broadcaster." On a separate occasion, last March - one month after signing a deal with Netflix - Harry and Meghan gave their highly controversial interview with Oprah Winfrey. One industry expert said: "Netflix is paying them millions and they're giving all their best interviews to other networks. Do they expect Netflix to be happy about that?" It comes after the streaming giant announced it would be shelving Meghan's animated TV series, Pearl, as it looks to cut costs after losing more than 200,000 customers in just the first three months of the year. DON'T MISS: Prince Andrew has 'no way back' as Duke shunned from Jubilee balcony [INSIGHT]Prince George, Charlotte and Louis’ preparations for royal duty [ANALYSIS]Queen excited to spend time with older Lilibet 'with a personality' [COMMENT]  The couple signed a multi-year deal with Netflix two years ago, with the promise of creating original content including documentaries, movies, series and children’s programmes. In a statement released at the time, Harry and Meghan said: “Our lives, both independent of each other, and as a couple have allowed us to understand the power of the human spirit: of courage, resilience and the need for connection. “Through our work with diverse communities and their environments, to shining a light on people and causes around the world, our focus will be on creating content that informs but also gives hope.” However, one industry insider claimed their slate of projects "could be in jeopardy" as they plan to make "shows that are educational and inspiring rather than sexy and sensational". A Netflix spokesperson declined to comment on the claims but confirmed: "Archewell Productions remains a valued partner and we are continuing to work together on a number of projects." 