  Hits Radio host Gemma Atkinson, 37, took to Instagram today to vent to fans when she received a parking fine despite shelling out some cash for her spot. The former Emmerdale star then proceeded to share her horror when she had a tooth-related accident just moments later.   Gemma spoke to her 1.7 million followers in a number of video clips on her Instagram story as she filmed from her car. “Got a parking ticket even though I paid for parking,” she complained. “I was going to kick off. Fifty quid!” However, the former Strictly contestant went on to reveal that there had been something of a misunderstanding.     “Then it dawned on me… I’ve not changed my car on the app,” she said. “I’ve changed my car haven’t I? I didn’t update my app. I’ve paid for my old car!” In another clip, which she captioned “FFS”, she continued: “I paid to park my old car, which isn’t even here!" Turning to her two-year-old daughter, she added: “Fifty-three quid, Mia, down the sh…”      Gemma shares daughter Mia with fiance Gorka Márquez, whom she met through Strictly Come Dancing in 2017. The bad luck wasn’t yet over for the former glamour model, as she went on to share the next mishap that had her grimacing at the camera. “The day was looking up… For 20 minutes,” she captioned her next clip with a facepalm emoji. “So loads of you said, ‘Don’t pay it, email them, tell them what happened,’” she told her fans. READ MORE... Dennis Waterman spent last years ‘doing f*** all’ in Spain [INSIGHT] Bear Grylls credits Amanda Owen for being 'a huge support' [UPDATE] Coleen Rooney says viral Wagatha Christie post was ‘last resort’ [NEWS]     “So I did, and they very kindly said: ‘On this occasion, we’ll waive it because you did actually pay.’ “So I thought, ‘Well, there you go. Things are turning around.’ “But then I chipped my tooth,” she revealed. “I chipped my tooth!” “And to top it off, I’m now with Toolan,” she added, panning the camera across to her Hits Radio co-presenter Mike Toolan, who was grinning from ear to ear. The former soap star currently presents the drive time weekday slot across the Hits Radio Network and is popular with listeners.     Speaking from her studio, she discussed her day of back luck with her followers. “So, loads of you are saying this is because of Friday the 13th,” she said. “I agree,” Gemma continued, before panning the camera over to her radio co-stars. “These two, however, don’t. They don’t believe in Friday the 13th!” Gemma ultimately had a positive conclusion to her chaotic day of mishaps, admitting: “To be fair, if the worst that can happen on Friday 13th is a chipped tooth, then I’ll take it. “Not the end of the world, is it? You can even tell, really!”   