Jon Kay, 52, has taken to Twitter to announce a “new arrival” to the BBC Breakfast team. The presenter revealed the news following Carol Kirkwood’s announcement yesterday that she was engaged to her mystery boyfriend. Richard Frediani, who is the editor of BBC Breakfast, first shared the news of a colleague being added to their roster. He wrote a post updating fans on new show arrival, Hannah Miller. Richard said: “I’m delighted @hannahITV is joining #BBCBreakfast as a Business Presenter from July. “Hannah is a brilliant addition to the UK’s No. 1 morning show.” READ MORE: Carol Vorderman praised after rescuing stranded hiker on mountain Hannah is currently a North of England reporter at ITV news. She will become the new business presenter on BBC Breakfast. Jon then shared the update in a tweet with his 42,400 followers. He said: “An engagement AND a new arrival. It’s all happening! “Welcome @hannahITV.” Hannah herself replied, writing: “Thanks Jon - looking forward to working with you!” Jon has temporarily replaced Dan Walker after the BBC Breakfast host left his long-running post to work for Channel 5, after announcing the news last month. However, it has been rumoured that Jon will also fill the role on a permanent basis. DON'T MISS...Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker steal Met Gala spotlight [PICS]Brooklyn Beckham shirtless as Nicola Peltz dares to bare at Met Gala [LATEST]Anne Hegerty reacts to Mark Labbett's The Chase replacement [INSIGHT] The BBC have publicly advertised Dan’s now vacant position as a chief presenter. The online job description invites applicants who can “be authoritative and experienced and can handle breaking news". They must also be “warm, entertaining and able to offer our viewers great company to create a daily viewing habit". Jon was the first to get a chance to impress the bosses, with bookies predicting him to be the main choice to replace Dan. Morning Live host Gethin Jones is next behind in second place, while a more unexpected suggestion being Laura Tobin, Good Morning Britain’s weather expert. So far, Jon has regularly stood in for Dan and Charlie Stayt while the two have taken holidays. He has been part of the BBC Breakfast team for over ten years. Alex Apati of Ladbrokes said: “It’s looking increasingly likely that BBC chiefs have found Dan Walker’s replacement.” BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One at 6am.