Symptoms of bowel cancer are most easily spotted during the process of defecation. One of the most common symptoms of bowel cancer is blood in someone’s poo. Cancer Research UK say: “Blood from higher up in the bowel doesn’t look bright red. It goes dark red or black and can make your poo look like tar. This type of bleeding can be a sign of cancer higher up in the bowel. Or it could be from a bleeding stomach ulcer.” The message here is that certain symptoms of bowel cancer may not be bowel cancer, but are still worth getting checked. READ MORE: Gloria Hunniford health: The 'horror' food that caused pre-diabetes Other symptoms of bowel cancer to look out for are:• A change in bowel habit (one of the most common)• Bleeding from the rectum• A lump that your doctor can feel in your back passage or abdomen• A feeling of needing to strain in your back passage• Losing weight• Pain in the abdomen or back passage• Tiredness and breathlessness caused by a lower-than-normal level of red blood cells. It is highly recommended an individual should consult their GP if these symptoms persist for more than three weeks.  Bowel cancer has risen to the front of the cancer news agenda in recent weeks amid declining health of cancer campaigner Dame Deborah James. Known to many as Bowel Babe and host of the You, Me, And The Big C podcast, Dame James announced earlier this year she had entered end of life care. Diagnosed with bowel cancer in 2016, James has sought to raise awareness and funds for cancer research. A fundraiser for cancer charities launched just after her announcement has so far raised over six-and-a-half million pounds. Speaking to media in recent days, James has said: “I’m scared to fall asleep and that’s one of the biggest reasons I’m so tired. I am scared to go to sleep.” James added: “I think my family are knackered, they have all been incredible – going above and beyond to look after me and nurse me. “What I have seen from them in the last two weeks is true love, deep love. It’s overwhelming. They have all been amazing.” James was recently made a dame for her contributions and had a rose named after her at the Chelsea Flower Show. James stands as a testament to the human spirit and the desire to push through despite devastating odds. The hope is the money raised will be used to develop new treatments for the various cancers currently plaguing thousands in the UK. Cancer is a pernicious and constant foe, one that the world is getting better at fighting every year. The hope is while cancer is a problem in the present, it will not remain so in the future.