But all human beings have moments of extreme irritability, and we now learn that in 1990, after apparently being friendly with the journalist Hunter Davies over years, the great writer didn’t like an interview Davies had published and sent him a furious, angry and contemptuous hand-written letter. He didn’t like the tone and found it “snide”. So wild was the letter, we are told, that Davies’s devoted wife Margaret Forster scrawled on it “This man is mad”. Well, now the letter will go to the British Library, so scholars in the future can pore over it. I will always be devoutly on Team le Carré, and forgive him anything. But it reminded me of the days when, as a youngish woman on the BBC, I got a few furiously disapproving letters, usually from men, and often with a tone that clearly resented “young ladies” getting above their station by covering news. So now that abuse has chiefly gone online, and letters are rare, I feel I should share what I did about it. Usually nothing, but here are two failsafe replies I sent... when bothered. If the writer was unusually misogynistic (“what do they teach you girls at school?” etc) I would write as follows: “Dear Sir, thank you for your valuable letter. I know you will not mind my passing it on to Dr Tristan of Cambridge University Department Of Psychosexual Medicine. I am collaborating with his research into men who write strongly-worded letters to women in public life”. Nothing upsets a man like being referred to a psychosexual institute, especially led by a chap called Tristan. One actually wrote back objecting to participating in this (entirely imaginary) perv-study: “I forbid you to pass on my letter.” The other standard reply to insulting letters was for people with a public profile – fellow writers, headteachers, politicians. “Thank you SO much for your letter! Our school has an auction of famous autographs, and I am sure it will fetch a good price, being so detailed. Up on the big screen it’ll be a thrill for everyone!” I reckoned they might think (inaccurately) that our kids were at a smart private school, where people they knew would laugh at their ranting petulance. If the idea gave them a bad 10 minutes, then it served them right. ------------------------------  I trust you have your Platinum street party sorted out, and are looking forward to another of those loopy jubilee parades. We are assured a pageant will feature troops and veterans, Ed Sheeran and Basil Brush, circus bands and a giant puppet dragon with wings as wide as The Mall. A trapeze artist will be, they say, suspended under a huge balloon with the Queen’s picture on it. We are assured that a troop of puppet corgis will be out pestering the crowd. I am all in favour. Some may think the organisers are overpromising the happy-and-glorious ridiculousness of it, but actually larky, well-drilled parades are something grey old Britain does so well: a mixture of the ceremonial and silly jokes. Remember the dancing oysters and the man dressed as Tutankhamun on Horse Guards Parade in 2013, for the Queen Mum? It wasn’t a cheese dream, you know. It happened. Be proud. ------------------------------- Celebrities have always adjusted their photos. In a fine 1950s episode of Hancock’s Half Hour, Tony Hancock’s mate Sid James sets him up with “theatrical photographer Hilary St Clair” (Kenneth Williams in high camp mode). Just a few jobs to do, says Sid: “Take them wrinkles out, get rid of the crow’s feet under your eyes, pin your ears back, cover up some loose stuff round your neck, straighten your nose a bit, put your eyes further apart.” Nobody dreamed half-a-century later everyone would be at it, dabbing away at Photoshop. Is that progress or decline? -----------------------------   Anyone else get regularly enraged by Highways England’s insouciance about night closures on major roads? First diversion sign, fine, you understand they need to get work done. Second junction, follow obediently, ignore Satnav. Third junction – no sign. A wild guess plunges you into unknown A-roads then lanes, with nowhere safe to stop and look at the map to see if you ought to be pointing towards somewhere called Weasenham St Backstroke or Little Flange. Alone, you shout into the darkness, “I don’t ask for Broadway or the Champs-Élysées! I don’t demand the romance of Route 66! “Just a few miles of the A14 – is that too much to ask?” ---------------------------------- Julia Bradbury is a nice woman and a gallant spirit, and made a firm and quite brave decision to be open about the details of her cancer treatment. Julia has powered through, publicly positive, backing medical campaigns and support for breast cancer sufferers. One interesting remark was that she feared she would “never travel or wear a bikini again”. Well, some of us can do without the bikini, but the travel fear hit home. Not least because of the difficulty and eyewatering expense of travel insurance after any cancer treatment. I have been clean as a whistle for two years, but renewing insurance is almost as depressing as chemo. ---------------------------------- We are learning to love grown-up puppets again, after the glory of War Horse – which even got to salute the Queen at the last jubilee and I hope will again. Now an Olivier award has gone to the group of actors who inhabit the enormous tiger in Life of Pi. My nephew Hugh is a professional puppeteer and I am very proud of that. There’s a magic in bringing inanimate things to life. We should all try it sometimes just for fun. For as another puppeteer once said to me: “You’re never more than one room away from a sock!”