Aston Villa are reportedly closing in on the signing of Marseille defensive midfielder Boubacar Kamara in what could prove to be another impressive acquisition for Steven Gerrard. Reports emerged detailing the developments ahead of Villa's final Premier League game at Manchester City, in which they can help Liverpool win the title.  But while all of Gerrard's focus will be on helping his former side with a positive result at the Etihad Stadium, it seems Villa are already moving ahead with plans for next season. Spanish journalist Matteo Moretto has revealed that Villa are set to land the highly-rated Kamara, who has previously been considered by Manchester United in recent transfer window. The combative 22-year-old was targeted by both Newcastle and Wolves last summer and is one of the most exciting young players on the market due to his expiring contract with Marseille. He has not been short of other offers either with Atletico Madrid among those to have held talks with the Frenchman. READ MORE: Arsenal 'see £76m mega transfer bid rejected' by Napoli for Victor Osimhen But now Villa are pressing ahead with a deal as they continue their impressive recruitment streak. The Midlands club are showing huge ambition in the transfer market having landed both Lucas Digne and Philippe Coutinho in January. Interestingly, Gerrard was spotted at the Stade Velodrome in late April watching Marseille against Nantes alongside Aston Villa chiefs Christian Purslow and Johan Lange. Kamara was understood to be the motive behind the trip while defender Duje Caleta-Car is also believed to be of interest. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'have three signings on table' as Erik ten Hag transfer budget revealedNottingham Forest fan Robert Biggs jailed for 24 weeks for Billy Sharp headbuttGabriel Jesus 'decides stance' on Arsenal transfer without Champions League football Gerrard was speaking openly in midweek about the prospect of seriously strengthening his side in the summer transfer window following a frustrating finish to the campaign. His side were positioned in 14th heading into the final matchday and that will not be deemed good enough next season when a top-half finish will be targeted. “I think we are further ahead here than we were at Rangers,” Gerrard told Sky Sports. “But it does take time, it takes windows, it is a patient process. It is not just going to change overnight. "But I think we have got the ingredients here to become a really strong team in this league.” Villa are also tracking Rangers defender Calvin Bassey, who was excellent on Wednesday night in his side's Europa League final penalty-shootout defeat to Eintracht Frankfurt. Bassey is a player Gerrard knows well from his time at Ibrox and he has continued to impress since joining the club from Leicester's academy side.