Mick Rae, 63, a herds manager, computer shop owner Robert Abbott, 53 and carpenter Dave Allen, 59, found a total of 161 rare coins on a camping trip in Pewsey, Wiltshire. The collection includes silver siliqua and miliarense coins dating from 340 AD to 402 AD and is worth an impressive £100,000. The trio, who have over 90 years experience between them as metal detectorists, made the discovery of a lifetime during a camping weekend in Wiltshire. The coins were found just six feet from their tent and have since sold for £100,000. After finding the coins in mint condition, the friends took them home in a washing up bowl. Mr Abbott, who lives in Essex, said the rare discovery occurred over two days just after the first Covid lockdown ended. READ NOW: Millions of pensioners could be £369 a month better off - check now  He said: “Having finished breakfast first, I turned on my machine, a Minelab Equinox 800, and having walked around six paces from the tent, I found several tent pegs and just under the surface a late Roman silver siliqua in pristine condition. "A few moments later beside it, I found another one. “Ironically, we had been camping there two weeks previous for a week-long detecting outing. "What we hadn’t realised is we’d actually camped right on top of the area where the coins were found." The British Museum has since studied the coins and is keeping two for its collection while specialist coin, medal and jewellery auctioneers Noonans sold the rest. Nigel Mills, of Noonans, explained: "The hoard was buried at a time when Roman rule in Britain under the Emperor Honorius was no longer viable with the army being recalled to protect other provinces. "In AD 410 Britain was told to protect itself by Honorius. “As a result Britain has become a treasure island of late 4th Century and early 5th Century gold and silver Roman coin and jewellery hoards as the local population buried their valuables and then fell victim to Saxon raids." It certainly pays to be a metal detectorist. Another metal detectorist recently found England’s oldest coin worth a staggering £648,000. Michael Leigh-Mallory, 52, found the Henry III gold penny on farmland in the Devon village of Hemyock. If it wasn’t for his two children - Emily, 13, and Harry, 10, - nagging him to take them out detecting, he wouldn’t have been any the richer. Ironically, he ditched his hobby when he started a family before taking it up again because of the children.    What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Not realising what it was, he posted a picture of the coin on social media, where it was spotted by the auctioneer Spink in London. Gregory Edmond, specialist at Spink, said: "The detectorist found it on a normal piece of farmland. “It was his first time detecting for around 10 years, so it was an extraordinary stroke of luck. "It is also the first new discovery of its type to be recorded in nearly 260 years. He hopes the money will go towards his children's future."    