Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's decision to distance themselves from the Royal Family has backfired on the couple, according to one royal commentator. This comes as Netflix decided to ditch Meghan's animation series Pearl before it was even made. Andrew Pierce, a consultant editor of the Daily Mail, told Palace Confidential that the decision shows that the Duchess’ star power is waning. He added that the streaming giant is working out that the royal pair "are not the investment they thought they were". The Archewell Productions show was one of two projects announced as part of Harry and Meghan's multimillion-pound Netflix deal. Pearl was set to focus on the adventures of a 12-year-old girl inspired by influential women from history. Mr Pierce said: "What does it say about the fall from grace of Meghan? "This contract was signed in 2020 - it is not even two years old and they’ve realised already that her celebrity is fading in the United States." JUST IN: Meghan 'stole the soundbite' off Kate in rare Fab 4 outing  He continued: "She only had celebrity because she married into the British Royal Family. "And every time Harry opens his mouth, he puts another wedge between him and his own family. "He is remote and disconnected. "I think Netflix are working out that they are not the investment they thought they were.  "Pearl was very important to Meghan herself who’s the great woke warrior Queen – it’s a real blow to her prestige and ego." Mr Pierce's cutting remarks on the waning celebrity of the Sussexes came just as the couple announced that they will join Queen's Jubilee celebrations with both their children. The Platinum Jubilee will be the first time the Queen has met her great-granddaughter, Lilibet, who is named after her. DON'T MISS: POLL: Should Jubilee balcony appearance go ahead if Queen can't go? [POLL]Royal Family LIVE: Kate on hunt for personal assistant [LIVE BLOG]Xi Jinping ridiculed as fake Top Gun plane sparks China spy panic [VIDEO]  She has also not seen the couple's firstborn, Archie Harrison - who turned three yesterday - in two years. A spokesperson for the couple said: "Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex, are excited and honoured to attend The Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations this June with their children." However, on the same day, Buckingham Palace announced the couple will not be invited onto the royal balcony for the Trooping the Colour. Despite the snub, a palace source insisted that the Sussexes are "much-loved members of the family" and have been invited to other jubilee events. 