Countdown star Rachel Riley met her future husband Pasha Kovalev on Strictly Come Dancing and the pair now have two daughters. But it seems Rachel isn’t a fan of the series as she claimed bosses pick out who will crowned champion before viewers have even seen the stars on the dance floor. Rachel, 36, claimed: “I think they know from the start who they want to win and what journeys they want to take different people on, to have the right balance, and they can obviously fix the scores." The mother-of-two went on to comments “Brits want an underdog” and the show builds up a contestant so viewers can follow their journey. “We want to build someone up, not see someone who is good from the start - that's not the heart of these programmes,” she told The Sunday Times Magazine. But the BBC have shut down her claims, responding: “This claim is categorically untrue. READ MORE: Queen’s Platinum Jubilee viewers slam 'disrespectful' Tom Cruise chat “The BBC has strict procedures and editorial guidelines in place regarding impartiality and Strictly upholds all of these.” The voting wasn’t the only issue Rachel had with Strictly as she explained she dislikes her relationship with Pasha being linked to the so-called “curse”. “I mean I still get it, I’m never going to avoid it,” she remarked. “But now it’s like, you know, we’ve got two children. At what point can you just not call my children ‘the Strictly curse?’” Rachel isn’t the only celebrity who went on to find love on Strictly Come Dancing. Stacey Dooley and Kevin Clifton found love after competing with one another and are still going strong. Ben Cohen went on to start a relationship with Kristina Rihanoff after he split from ex-wife Abby. And while they didn’t compete together, Gemma Atkinson found love with professional dancer Gorka Marquez. DON'T MISS...Gemma Atkinson exposes Neil Jones as he bares all at Strictly tour [INSIGHT]Strictly's Shirley Ballas, 61, shares rare clip of boyfriend Danny [LATEST]Gorka Marquez talks 'ruining' Joe Sugg's day at Katya's birthday bash [UPDATE] Rachel’s comments come after it was reported Countryfile star Helen Skelton is top of the list for the 2022 series. Following her split from rugby pro Richie Myler, bosses are said to want Helen to compete in a full series. “Helen has been on the Strictly wishlist since she did the Christmas special but the timing has never been quite right for her to sign up,” a source told The Sun. “She relocated to France in 2015 for three years while Richie was playing there and has also taken time out for her three pregnancies.” Could this be the year Helen signs up to compete for the Glitterball trophy? She could go on to follow Maisie Smith’s success as the EastEnders star made it to the Grand Final after she competed in a charity special. Helen wouldn’t be the first Countryfile host to take part as both Matt Baker and Anita Rani have competed. Strictly Come Dancing will return to BBC One later in the year. Read the full interview with Rachel Riley in The Sunday Times Style, out now.