Tearful Amber Heard has taken to the stand to defend herself against a $50 million defamation case brought by ex-husband Johnny Depp. As part of her testimony in court, she has claimed that she needed to clean up after her ex when he "lost control of his bowels". The actress told the court yesterday: “He passed out in his own vomit, he’d lose control of his body and everyone cleaned up after him. "I cleaned up after him," Amber testified, referring to the effects that his use of opiates and other drugs, which Johnny has admitted to using during his own testimony, allegedly had on his body. "Johnny on speed is very different from Johnny on opiates," Amber continued. "Johnny on opiates is very different from Adderall and cocaine Johnny, which is very different from quaaludes Johnny. READ NOW: Zoe Henry breaks social media silence with Jeff Hordley update "I had to get good at paying attention to the different versions of him." She claimed that those around him could have been enablers by not addressing his behaviour and telling the Pirates of the Caribbean star that he had a problem. "No one told him. No one was honest with him,” she insisted. The court had also been shown a photo she took of him seemingly passed out with the contents of a tub of ice cream that he'd dropped soaked into his crotch. The court also previously heard from the actor's manager that Johnny had once passed out head first in the sand in front of his children after drug use. It comes after Johnny's claims in court that Amber deliberately relieved herself in the couple's bed in the aftermath of their split. Amber insists that a dog was responsible for the mess that time. Meanwhile, psychologist Dr Dawn Hughes has testified that an enraged Johnny kicked Amber in the back over his belief that she had been having an affair with her co-star James Franco. DON'T MISS: Dawn French, 64, glows as she attends Sondheim's Old Friends gala [PHOTOS] Our Yorkshire Farm’s Amanda and Clive Owen shake up family dynamic [INSIGHT] Coronation Street's Millie Gibson admits co-star is 'love of my life' [LATEST]  On another occasion, Amber claimed that she fled his 45-acre private island in the Bahamas after he became aggressive and told her: "I could f***ing kill you." "He would explode. He started doing things like destroying property and screaming at me,” she said, as she described what she claimed was typical behaviour from the actor after drug use. “He would grab me by the hair or he’d grab me by the arm. … and it started. Slapping. "It got to the repetitive slaps where he’d hold me in a position and slap like multiple times in a row." Earlier this week, prior to Amber taking to the stand, Dr Dawn Hughes claimed that the Aquaman actress had developed PTSD as a result of domestic violence at Johnny's hands. On the other hand, Johnny has insisted that his relationship with Amber was characterised by her violence, which mirrored the attacks inflicted on him by his "violent" and "cruel" mother. He has previously described how his mother Betty would throw objects at him, from high-heeled shoes to ashtrays, and claimed that with Amber, he would repeat his childhood coping mechanisms such as walking away from the conflict. However, he insisted that Amber would follow him, pursuing him, and that he had repeatedly begged her for time apart so things would not "get physical".