Value for money and cost was the biggest consideration for holiday-goers (50 percent), followed by rest and relaxation (46 percent), and a pool (42 percent). But the variety of food on offer (also 42 percent) came ahead of being near the beach (40 percent). Other top priorities when it comes to booking a holiday include precise planning, immersion in local culture, and trips with extended friends and family. It also emerged 45 percent found the prospect of hunting for the perfect holiday exciting – but 31 percent think it’s frustrating. And the research, commissioned by Hilton, revealed 62 percent find it difficult to please everyone when finding the perfect family destination. It also emerged over three-quarters (77 percent) said simply spending time with family is the most important thing to them post-pandemic. And two-thirds (66 percent) have plans to book with extended family to make the most of time away. Patricia Page-Champion, senior vice president and global commercial director at Hilton, said: “There is a huge amount of pent-up demand for people to take much-needed breaks from their everyday lives to recharge, relax, and experience the world around them once again. “Inspired by our 2022 Trends Report, our findings illustrate how the events of the last two years have affected traveller preferences and passions.” The study also found almost half (49 percent) are planning to take longer breaks this year than pre-2020 – with 37 percent admitting they had not used their full annual leave allowance. Holidaymakers plan to spend an average of £1,246 on holidays this season, with parents happy to spend an average of 35 percent more than usual to make up for missed holidays over the past two years. More families are planning an international trip for their next break, over a domestic holiday (38 percent compared to 35 percent). The research, carried out by OnePoll, also found an increasing number of travellers are looking to enjoy holidays with their pets. One in three are keen to travel with their animal – with 47 percent even admitting they would prefer to travel with their pet over their partner. It also found that post-pandemic, 42 percent now pay closer attention to cancellation policies than they would have in the past. And 31 percent keep a keener eye on cleanliness protocols, while a quarter would avoid travelling to destinations where vaccination rates are low. Patricia Page-Champion added: “We have gained a deeper understanding of what people will be craving this summer – from more time with loved ones, to getaways with our four-legged friends – and are confident that our hotels are ready and waiting to welcome our guests and deliver our world-renowned hospitality.” THE TOP FIVE THINGS BRITS PRIORITISE FOR A HOLIDAY: