Cameron Norrie, 26, is bidding for a place in the fourth round of the French Open in Paris today. Standing in the way of the British star’s place in the last 16 is Karen Khachanov, the 21st seed. Norrie set up his second-round clash with the Russian after breezing past Australia's Jason Kubler this week. The tenth seed is the only British singles player left on the Roland Garros clay after the other big names bowed out. Andy Murray withdrew before the tournament began, while British women Emma Raducanu, Heather Watson and Harriet Dart all suffered defeats. Although the players remaining in the French Open may be keen to concentrate on their tennis, a major interruption has distracted many of the pros at this year’s tournament. Debate in the world of tennis has exploded following the announcement that ranking points will not be given out at Wimbledon, the sport’s next Grand Slam, which kicks off next month. The Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) and the Women’s Tennis Association (WTA) have made the unprecedented decisions in response to the All England Club banning Russian and Belarusian players from SW19 over the invasion of Ukraine. Norrie has been among the top players to hit out at the move, claiming that the sport’s stars are “not playing for anything” as a direct result of the decision. JUST IN: Simona Halep suffers panic attack at French Open as coach issues emotional apology Speaking to reporters, he said: “Obviously it’s an extremely difficult situation with everything going on with the war, but for me it’s tough. “You know, having a home Slam and not gaining any ranking points from that, and the tradition of it, you’re not really playing for anything. “You’re playing this almost like an exhibition, so for me it was tough to see that. “Obviously it’s a really tricky situation but I would have liked to see it still have points, to still have something on the line.” He added: “This changes the ranking systems a lot, they’ve taken away almost 6,000 points from the whole system out of nowhere. “So, it is going to interfere with the rankings, and then a lot of players that did well at Wimbledon last year are going to be dropping.” Norrie added that he sympathised with the difficulties the ATP and the WTA faced but that he backed having points. He said: “I would like to have points. Obviously having a home Slam, and not many tournaments on the grass already, and then suddenly there’s no points there. “I understand the situation is tricky. And there’s complications everywhere. But for me, that’s how I feel. “Wimbledon is still such a special event. But I think you’ll see a lot of top players not playing, you know. DON'T MISS: Banned Daniil Medvedev confirms he'd 'like to play Wimbledon' even if he can't win points [LATEST]Johanna Konta skewered Serena Williams' 'sexism’ claim: 'Don't agree!' [INSIGHT]Boris Becker: How German went from tennis heartthrob to prison inmate [ANALYSIS] “Just resting and getting ready for the hard-court events, especially those that don’t worry too much about the money. “So, I could see a lot of players, well maybe a few top players, not playing because of that. It’ll be interesting to see.” The associations made the decision shortly after the All England Club banned Russian and Belarusian competitors from the sport’s oldest Grand Slam back in April. WTA chairman and CEO Steve Simon said he strongly condemned the invasion of Ukraine but that the All England Club had violated its agreement with the tour. In its own statement, the ATP said: “The ability for players of any nationality to enter tournaments based on merit, and without discrimination, is fundamental to our tour. “The decision by Wimbledon to ban Russian and Belarusian players from competing in the UK this summer undermines this principle and the integrity of the ATP ranking system.”