The man, who was in his 30s, died at the hospital after being attacked in the early hours of Sunday, May 1. Police officers rushed at the scene after being called at 2.15am. The man was stabbed on Greenwich High Road in south-east London, near Greenwich train and DLR station. No arrests have yet been made related to the man's death. At around 10am, forensics arrived at the scene to assist in the investigation. A statement said: "Police were called at 2.15am on Sunday, 1 May, to reports of a man with stab injuries in Greenwich High Road, SE10. "Officers attended along with London Ambulance Service. The man, aged in his 30s, was taken to hospital, where he died a short time later. "The man's family have been informed; they will be supported by specialist officers. A post-mortem examination will be arranged in due course. "An urgent investigation is under way. There has been no arrest at this early stage." The police have also cordoned off Christopher's Inns backpacker hostel, which is connected to nearby Belushi's bar. Police have also made an appeal to anyone who has any information that can assist in the investigation to reach out. Later, on Sunday afternoon, it was announced that the investigation will be led by British Transport Police. Any witnesses or anyone with information is asked to contact British Transport Police by texting 61016 or calling 0800 40 50 40 quoting reference 108 of 01/05/22. Alternatively, they can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. READ MORE: Baby rushed to hospital after falling from upstairs window While the train station remains closed, passengers are advised to use the nearby Deptford station. Southeastern Railway service posted an update on the disruption. The service also advised passengers that the trains will not stop at Greenwich station. Those who wish to get there can change at Maze Hill for TFL buses or take a 10-minute walk into Greenwich. DON'T MISS: Police scrambled as grenade found in ice cream tub   Residents of the area say that they are worried about crime rates. Ivy Bainbridge, 88, who has lived in Queen Elizabeth college for 16 years, told MyLondon: "I just do not know what has happened. I woke up before 8 o'clock, opened my blinds, and got rather a shock. "We are all elderly and live on our own. It's frightening. "I feel as safe as we can be, we have double locked doors and emergency pull chords." More to follow...