The Yorkshire Vet is on Channel 5 and the escapist documentary TV series shines a light on the hard-working vets in the Dales. Peter Wright has been enjoying his new role at Grace Lane surgery in Kirkbymoorside and he has no plans to retire any time soon. As for the show's longevity, Peter spoke to Express.co.uk about its success so far. The Yorkshire Vet has accrued a huge fanbase over the years as viewers have enjoyed the uplifting episodes, set in the heart of the Yorkshire Dales. The series is a breath of fresh air and fans cannot get enough of Peter as he selflessly works day and night to help animals in need. His dedication to supporting farmers has not gone unnoticed and the show continues to gain new followers with each new season. Peter admitted he felt viewers would find the concept "boring", yet he was pleasantly surprised at the reaction. He said: "What has given me the most satisfaction is I didn't think people would watch it, and I can't believe the viewing figures. READ MORE: Tipping Point's Ben Shephard blasts Boris in coin machine comparison "We are working on season 15 to go out in the autumn. I thought people would find it boring. "It's amazing really and the thing I'm really proud of is the show appeals to people from five years old to people in their 90s. "One of the good things that has come [from the series] is how they have brought the next generation in." He recalled when he worked for the renowned vet Alf Wight, also known as James Herriot, the author of the All Creatures Great and Small stories. The vet said: "Alf said 'This works both ways as you are coming out of university with knowledge and new techniques.' "I'm the man with the experience but I'm learning from the next generation." The surgeon paid tribute to the farmers in the Dales, who he described as "the salt of the Earth". He added: "I feel very much a part of the farming community here and if I can help them in any way I do. "It's a two-way relationship as we want to do our best and they still appreciate what we do." Peter addressed the show's future and the audience's reaction. DON'T MISS...  Emmerdale theory: Dan Spencer killed off as Cain Dingle takes revenge [THEORY] The Yorkshire Vet Peter Wright on exciting progress 'Moving forward' [INSIGHT]  The Yorkshire Vet's Peter Wright pays tribute to his 'kind' mentor [INTERVIEW] He said: "As long as the public want us, our viewing figures are still very good. "As a consequence the channel is happy and the public are happy." In the upcoming episode, an emergency C-section is performed on a cow struggling to deliver her calf. Elsewhere, Julian Norton meets a unique sheep called Cliff and Peter treats a French Bulldog puppy called Blue with a large lump on his eye. Peter has reflected on leaving Skeldale House and contemplating retirement. He said: "I was there from being the new boy and then I gradually became [a] partner. "I then became a senior partner. I ran the practice for almost 20 years, and I have lots of happy memories of working there. "But, at the same time, I am what is called a mixed practitioner. In other words, I deal with all creatures, all shapes and sizes. "And to take the farm side away from me, you know, it had to stop because it wasn’t economically viable anymore and I couldn’t do that work anymore."  The Yorkshire Vet airs on Channel 5 on Tuesdays at 8pm.