 The Ukrainian President explained how the south-eastern region of Donbas is like “hell” and accused the Kremlin of meaningless attacks as it intensified its offensive. The Russian troops have been accused once more by Zelensky of committing genocide after he said they tried to kill as many Ukrainians as possible and to cause as much damage as they could.   In his latest Telegram video address, the Ukrainian leader said that Russian troop withdrawals from other areas, such as Kharkiv, meant that Ukrainian forces were continuing to liberate areas but the pressure was being added to Donbas due to the influx of Russian soldiers. Zelensky said: “In Donbas, the occupiers are trying to increase pressure. There’s hell and that’s not an exaggeration. “Donbas is completely destroyed. All this doesn’t and cannot have any military explanation for Russia.” He added: “This is a deliberate and criminal attempt to kill as many Ukrainians as possible, and destroy as many houses, social facilities, and enterprises as possible.   “This is what will be qualified as the genocide of the Ukrainian people and for which occupiers will definitely be brought to justice.” The announcement comes after the first trials involving Russian soldiers suspected of committing war crimes in Ukraine started. In Kyiv on Wednesday, Vadim Shishimarin, 21, was the first alleged war criminal to stand trial for shooting a 62-year-old man in the head as he was on his bike during the first few days of the conflict. The Russian tank commander pleaded guilty to killing an unarmed civilian and faces life in jail. READ MORE: New pandemic warning after 250million die in GM monkeypox simulation  Speaking about the trial, Zelensky said: “The first trial in Ukraine against a Russian war criminal has already begun and it will end with the full restoration of justice within the international tribunal. “I am sure of it. We will find and bring to justice all those who give and carry out criminal orders.” The Ukrainian leader’s address came as Ukraine said this week its forces had destroyed Russian tanks that were deep behind enemy lines in Donbas. The Ukrainians credited British-made Brimstone missiles that allowed them to hit and destroy such targets. DON'T MISS: Brexit POLL: Should Britain be scared of a trade war with EU? (POLL)How to sharpen your lawn mower blades - safest method (INSIGHT)Flight attendant shares hotel room tip - ‘replace your room key’ (REVEAL)  Meanwhile, Russian intelligence officer and commander Igor Girkin shared on Telegram that the Russian troops had been “so obvious” with their intentions that the Ukrainian army had been able to defend themselves successfully. He wrote: “With regret, I must say that the widely advertised […] operation to defeat the Donetsk group of the enemy has FAILED. “In more than two weeks of fierce hostilities (which have cost both sides huge losses) only tactical successes have been reached. “Not a single large locality has been liberated.” 