Mr Browder spoke to Express.co.uk about how Russia was being affected by the current economic sanctions in place. Western Governments have come together since the beginning of the war in Ukraine to try and cut Russian President Vladimir Putin off financially, in order to stop the bloody onslaught. Mr Browder explained that Putin was currently earning a billion dollars a day from Western countries that are still buying Russian gas and oil. The American-British financier and enemy of Putin claimed the West had not done enough to end Putin's ability to fund the war. Mr Browder said: "Well we haven't done enough on financial sanctions. "The purpose of financial sanctions is to stop Putin's ability to fight this war. "In other words, if he has no money he can't fund an invasion, at the moment he's got a lot of money coming in. "Mainly through the sale of oil and gas, to western Europe. JUST IN: 'END of Russia' Putin told UK will 'cripple' Moscow in swift revenge for nuclear strike  Mr Browder added: "He gets a billion dollars a day from Germany, Italy and other countries. "And a war costs him a billion dollars a day, and so at the moment, he's not suffering, financially. "We have to make him suffer financially if there's any probability that he then scales back the war." Foreign Secretary Liz Truss has been imposing tight financial sanctions on Russia since the beginning of the invasion in February.  READ MORE:'I felt sick!' Retired widow loses £40,000 after 'looking for companionship' Many Ukrainians have urged Western countries to scrap Russian oil and gas completely. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said: "Doing business with Putin’s regime is morally bankrupt and helps fund a war machine that is causing untold suffering across Ukraine. Cutting Russia’s access to British services will put more pressure on the Kremlin and ultimately help ensure Putin fails in Ukraine." Backing up Ms Truss, Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng said: "Our professional services exports are extraordinarily valuable to many countries, which is exactly why we’re locking Russia out. By restricting Russia’s access to our world-class management consultants, accountants and PR firms, we’re ratcheting up economic pressure on the Kremlin to change course."  DON’T MISS: UK would STILL vote to stay OUT of the EU, Brexit referendum poll shows British Prime Minister Boris Johnson has vowed to continue to support Ukraine, by sending weapons and funds to help them fight off the Russian onslaught. Mr Johnson said: "In January of course– just before Putin launched his onslaught - we sent you planeloads of anti-tank missiles, the NLAWS which I think have become popular in Kyiv. "And we have intensified that vital effort, working with dozens of countries, helping to coordinate this ever-bigger supply line, dispatching thousands of weapons of many kinds, including tanks now and armoured vehicles. "In the coming weeks, we in the UK will send you Brimstone anti-ship missiles and Stormer anti-aircraft systems. "We are providing armoured vehicles to evacuate civilians from areas under attack and protect officials – what Volodymyr mentioned to me in our most recent call - while they maintain critical infrastructure. "And I can announce today from the UK government a new package of support totalling £300 million, including radars to pinpoint the artillery bombarding your cities, heavy lift drones to supply your forces, and thousands of night vision devices. "We will carry on supplying Ukraine, alongside your other friends, with weapons, funding and humanitarian aid." 