Chelsea are reportedly set to monitor Robert Lewandowski's precarious Bayern Munich situation, with the Polish superstar 'pushing for a move' away from the German champions this summer. However, they face competition from Barcelona for his signature, who are supposedly the frontrunners in the race to sign him. The Blues have suffered from striking mishaps for the last two seasons, following Timo Werner's arrival last season. The German signed from RB Leipzig in 2020 for a fee of £48million, and was expected to lead the line for a side that had dropped off the perch of the top of Premier League for four years. But just six goals in 35 league games saw Chelsea opt to sign Romelu Lukaku in the summer for a fee of £100m in order to combat their goal scoring problems. However, the Belgian has fared just as badly, scoring only eight goals in 25 appearances, meaning Tuchel is yet again in the hunt for a new talisman. And Lewandowski has been chosen as their newest target according to the Guardian - with Tuchel a huge fan of his talents. The report states that Lewandowski is vying for a move away from the Bavarian outfit, but has yet to make a firm decision over where. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings He has his doubts about moving to England with Barcelona his preferred choice as striking target. But Chelsea are paying close attention to the situation given Tuchel's fondness for his goal scoring tally. The star has scored 343 goals since joining Bayern in 2014 with 40 in last season's Bundesliga campaign, and scored 69 goals in just 78 Champions League games for the league winners. Other striking targets could be put on hold due to Lukaku and Werner being joined by Kai Havertz - who has portrayed an emergency striker role this season - and Armando Broja, who has done well for Southampton this season. However, if Lewandowski was to become available then Chelsea would be hard-pressed to find a better alternative than him. Tuchel expressed his surprise that Lewandowski didn't win the Ballon d'Or back in December. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag “My players were surprised that Lewandowski didn’t win last year," he told the press. "There are some surprises in it. It is an election. In the end, we come from sports. "We accept and go on.”