Google has just given gadget fans a glimpse of what's coming later this year and there are plenty of top tech treats on the horizon. The Californian company has confirmed it's launching a new budget phone, an upgraded Android flagship, premium earbuds and even its very first smartwatch. Sound exciting and want to know more? Here's Express.co.uk's guide to everything new coming soon from Google. RELEASE DATE: Expected in July PRICE: £399 There is good news if you fancy a shiny new phone on a budget. Google's Pixel 6a looks set to arrive in stores this summer and it packs quite a punch for a price of just £399. Perhaps the biggest news is that Google's new Tensor processor will power this budget phone. That's impressive considering this premium chip is the same brain that currently drives the £849 Pixel 6 Pro. Along with that power, the 6a should also be pretty to nice to look at thanks to a pin-sharp 6.1-inch OLED screen. It also gets a similar design to its more expensive siblings with Google including some fruity colours and the unique camera bar that runs across the back of the device. Tucked inside this thin panel is a clever dual-lens camera that shoots perfect images at night and even includes Google's Magic Eraser tool that removes objects and photo bombers with a simple swipe on the screen. Other features worth a mention include long battery life with fast charging, 128GB of storage and the very latest version of Android. Like the sound of that? You can register your interest now on Google's store. RELEASE DATE: Expected this autumn PRICE: TBC They probably won't arrive until the autumn but that's not stopping Google from giving us all a glimpse of its new flagship Pixel 7 range. These devices, which include a standard model and Pro version, will be faster thanks to an upgraded Tensor processor. Google is promising that this next-gen chip will bring even more helpful, personalised features to photos, videos, security, and speech recognition. Another thing we know is that Google is sticking with that unique camera bar on the back. It's a look that divided opinion last year but from the images posted online by Google, the new camera layout inside this bar certainly looks more appealing than the current Pixel 6. It appears that the Pixel 7 will get a dual-lens camera with the Pro getting the addition of a telephoto lens. We'll find out more in the coming months. GOOGLE PIXEL WATCH RELEASE DATE: Expected this autumn PRICE: TBC Google is finally releasing its very first tech timepiece. Called the Pixel Watch, this wearable features a sleek design with a round face. It will be powered by a new version of the firm's Wear OS and include easy access to services such as Google Maps plus it will allow users to control things such as music. Like all smartwatches, the Pixel Watch should help get you in shape thanks to technology from Fitbit and it will feature Fast Pair technology for easy linking to Android devices. Expect an official launch this autumn. RELEASE DATE: Expected soon PRICE: £179 Google's Pixel Buds are about to get even better thanks to the launch of the new Pro model. These mini music makers include booming sound, wirelessly refilling and a whopping 31-hour battery life. Google is also promising epic noise cancellation thanks to a new processor, intelligent algorithms and a technology called Silent Seal that maximises the blocking of outside noise. There's also a transparency mode so you can hear the world around you plus full touch controls so you won't need to reach for your phone to skip tracks and pause the tunes. They should be available soon in four fruity colours. Expect to pay £179.