Britons have enjoyed a bright start to May this year, with two bank holiday weekends offering wall-to-wall sun. While the weather has since taken a turn for the worse in some areas, most of the country can look forward to more of the same. Forecasters have predicted temperatures will reach their hottest of the year so far this week, establishing the first heatwave of 2022. Weather forecasters have caught on to a temperature trend which could see the UK experience sweltering highs this week. Monday set off what promises to be a warm week, as meteorologists recorded early highs of 22C. The unexpected heat will have had some Britons reaching for their fans as the temperatures exceeded those recorded in Turkey's capital Istanbul. READ MORE: BBC Weather: Brits brace for mid-week washout as mercury drops back 4 Over the next few days, the heat will die down slightly, hovering around 20 to 22C. By next week, the heatwave will have reached its peak, following highs of 25C. The highest predicted temperatures of 26C fall early next week, on May 17. The heatwave could last into the following week, according to the Met Office. The forecasters' long-range forecast has predicted warm temperatures to last until May 23. The forecast, which covers May 14 to 23, said the coming weekend would see "settled and dry conditions for most" coupled with high pressure across the UK. The pressure will push towards the northeast as a "southerly flow" takes its place. The Met Office said the flow could bring in "very warm air" from continental Europe. And temperatures would remain "widely above average" for most, with a "very warm or hot spell" across the south. In some places, the increasingly hot weather could cause thunderstorms. The forecast adds: "While many areas will remain largely dry and fine, this does also allow for an increasing chance of showers or thunderstorms, especially in the west, at times through the period." While the forecast is less accurate after May 23, forecasters have predicted the weather to cool down slightly. From May 24 to June 7, the weather will change to "widely unsettled conditions" defined by showers, some "potentially heavy or thundery". The driest weather will stick to the south and southwest, where temperatures remain "above average" and encouraging "warm or very warm" conditions. Further north, however, people can expect chillier spells with a "return to nearer normal temperatures". Weather maps from WXCharts show that, at this point, the south will remain in the 20C range while the north is around 10C and single figures.