Cleaning tools such as plastic brushes, vacuum attachments, kitchen sponges and dishcloths can all go in the dishwasher. Simply get rid of the excess dust before putting them in. Small items can be placed in the cutlery basket or on the top rack.   Hairbrushes can be washed in the dishwasher. Remove the excess hair first and place them in a secure spot such as the cutlery basket. However, don't put any wooden handle brushes in the dishwasher as it will damage the item. The hob can get very dirty and greasy after cooking. It is easy to get rid of grease and burnt-on food by popping the removable metal parts of the hob in your dishwasher. User 'SwedishEdith' asked on forum Mumsnet: "I can put the cast iron bits from my cooker into a dishwasher can't I?" Another user named 'ceres' explained: "It depends if it is coated with enamel or not. My range cooker has cast iron supports and they can't go in the dishwasher. My mother's cooker has enamel-coated supports and they go in the dishwasher and come out really well." READ MORE: Interior design tips: Paint pro on why you should 'avoid white' walls  The glass platform in the microwave can also get very dirty after cooking. Give it a clean once in a while by simply placing it in the bottom rack of the dishwasher like a normal plate. Many people dislike scrubbing potatoes before cooking as it can be a tedious task. However, potatoes can actually be washed in the dishwasher. Food expert Makinze Gore explained how: "Place your dirty potatoes on the top rack of an empty dishwasher and set it to the rinse-only cycle. (Make sure there's no soap in there first!) Turn it on, and walk away.  "Our rinse cycle is only 11 minutes, so I turned on the dishwasher and finished cleaning up the kitchen. "When I was done, I had clean potatoes waiting on me," she said on Delish. Elizabeth Licata from The Kitchn commented: "Washing potatoes in the dishwasher could be useful if for some reason you needed to cook and wash a ton of potatoes all at once, like if you were making mashed potatoes for 100 people. "But when cooking for fewer than 10 people, using this potato-washing 'hack' seems considerably less efficient than just washing the potatoes yourself." Crystal Paine shared a picture on Money Saving Mum saying: "If you have 20 pounds of potatoes to wash for your Thanksgiving meal throw them on the top shelf of the dishwasher. "Set on the quick rinse cycle and let your dishwasher clean the potatoes. "Not something I would do every day, but definitely a space and time saver during the holidays." User 'Heather@Family' commented: "Okay, that picture makes me laugh! That’s a pretty smart move!" Computer keyboards can get filthy over time but luckily it is another item which can be placed in the dishwasher, one social media user claimed. Reddit user 'brettbarnes' shared his experience: "Years ago my wife spilt white Zinfandel on our keyboard. I don't know wine but white Zinfandel is basically liquid candy. The keyboard was a gummy mess. I thought I would have to throw it out and get a new one; then one of my IT guys said to put it in the dishwasher, no heat of any kind, then let it dry for several days. "I know it seems counterintuitive, but it's electric current and water that don't mix. Short term exposure of electronics to water, as long as electric current isn't in the mix, is survivable. It worked. The keyboard keys stopped sticking and the keyboard went on to live a full life." Express.co.uk advises people to check with the manufacturer before placing any electric items in the dishwasher.