Despite Rangers’ penalty shoot-out defeat to Eintracht Frankfurt in the Europa League final, the players have been told by Kris Boyd that they can be proud of their efforts. Aaron Ramsey missed the crucial penalty as the Gers lost 5-4 on penalties following a 1-1 draw in Seville. Joe Aribo gave Rangers the lead when he capitalised on a slip in the German defence to send the fans into raptures. Rafael Santos Borre equalised for Frankfurt just 12 minutes later however, he got in between two defenders to poke the ball past Allan McGregor and equalise. Former Rangers striker Boyd told Sky Sports: “When you look back, Rangers players can be proud of their achievements in this competition. It was a fantastic effort to get there, we said that at the time after the semi-final for a Scottish team to be in the final but it just wasn’t to be. “It is a cruel way to lose a final after what you have achieved that season but somebody has got to win it and you have got to give Eintracht Frankfurt credit because the standard of the penalties was very good, Aaron Ramsey obviously missed his which allowed Eintracht Frankfurt to lift the trophy but Rangers players can be extremely proud of the journey they have taken Scottish football on this season. “I think after the first 15, 20 minutes after they had settled down, there was a lot of nerves there and you can understand why. Once Rangers had settled down they gave as good as they got and maybe even deserved to win it. “The few opportunities when you look back I don’t know, I have only seen it once or twice but when Kemar Roofe crossed for the chance Ryan Kent had but that is the moment you thought to yourself if that been gone in, it would have been done because there was only two minutes left I think. But it just wasn’t to be, there is no point standing here making excuses for Rangers. They have got to dust themselves down and go again, they have got a massive cup final come Saturday.” Rangers will hope that they can use the fuel from their disappointment in Europe to spur them on in Saturday’s Scottish Cup final against Hearts. While Ally McCoist shared Boyd’s sentiments on the BT Sport broadcast. He said: "The boys will be gutted, I feel for them as they put so much into the game. “It was a poor goal to lose but Calvin Bassey was immense, his powers of recovery were colossal. Allan McGregor is one of the best at saving penalties and my money was on him, sadly it just wasn't to be."