Speculation is mounting surrounding Fernando Alonso as the two-time world champion is being touted to swap Alpine for Aston Martin to replace Sebastian Vettel in 2023. Despite being almost 41 years old, the Spaniard is still considered one of the best drivers in the sport and he is believed to be owner Lawrence Stroll’s preferred choice to partner his son Lance. Alonso is in his second season since returning to Formula 1 with Alpine and has enjoyed a promising start to the season. He only has two points to show for the opening four rounds, with bad luck causing DNFs in Saudi Arabia and Imola while a hydraulic problem denied him a shot at pole position in Melbourne. The 40-year-old is still keen on driving and competing in the pinnacle of motorsport. He recently fuelled speculation he could leave Alpine by suggesting joining another team is a viable option - and Aston Martin could move for him. “I'll drive a few more years,” said Alonso recently. “Two or three more years. If with Alpine, then good. If with another team, then fine too. I'll find out about that, I'll probably start the discussions in the summer.” READ MORE: Miami GP's guests include LeBron James, Michael Jordan and Tom Brady Alonso’s place at Alpine is no longer secure due to the rise of reigning Formula 2 champion Oscar Piastri. The Australian is a test driver at the French team and his manager Mark Webber does not want to see the prospect sit on the sidelines for another season, with team boss Otmar Szafnauer acknowledging there will be ‘pressure’ to find Piastri a seat. Aston Martin would provide a solid option for Alonso to prolong his career in F1. The British team have plans to become title contenders over the next five years, but they have struggled in 2022 as they finally scored points in Imola when Vettel and Stroll finished P8 and P10 respectfully. Vettel is reportedly considering leaving the team as it struggles near the back of the grid, and it is being reported by F1-Insider.com that Alonso is the favoured choice of Aston Martin. Alonso’s contract runs out at the end of the season, and he was linked with a move to the team before as he is the owner’s ‘desired driver’ should Vettel decide to leave. DON'T MISSMercedes statistic offers Hamilton and Russell hope ahead of Miami GPBottas shows no regrets over ditching Lewis Hamilton partnership againGeorge Russell shares Lewis Hamilton belief after close encounters Vettel recently stated that he is yet to decide his future at Aston Martin or in F1 in general beyond 2022, though feels like he has many more years to give to racing from a physical standpoint. Rumours were sent into overdrive as Alonso failed to show at the podium ahead of the Miami Grand Prix. Szafnauer, Laurent Rossi (CEO) and Esteban Ocon stepped in in his absence, which was considered particularly strange given the two-time world champion posted about his excitement for the Miami event on several occasions. The 22-race F1 2022 campaign - which is expected to return to a record 23 races in the near future once a Russian Grand Prix replacement is found - continues with the Miami Grand Prix on May 8.