In April, James Corden announced he would be leaving his talk show The Late Late Show, next year. However, ahead of his departure, the presenter will be returning to the UK to host four special episodes of the hit American show.  The 43-year-old presenter took fans by surprise after he announced he would be stepping down as the talk show’s host. James had held the position since 2015 and has since soared the CBS talk show into major popularity for its iconic games and highly acclaimed segments. Despite this, the presenter made his decision to quit the show with his final episode expected to hit the screens in Spring 2023. However, it's not all bad news for his British fans as they will soon have the opportunity to join Corden during the taping and become a member of the studio audience. READ MORE: Eurovision 2022: Italy dealt crushing blow days before final As The Late Late Show is coming to an end, James ensured he paid tribute to his home by bringing the series to the UK where four special episodes will be broadcast from London. The upcoming visit will be the fourth time James will film from the UK, with the most recent taking place in 2019. As this year will be his final run as host, he promised his audience that he will make the most of his final run on the show. Viewers can expect the London-based episodes to shine a light on the UK while keeping the Late Late Show’s originality. Fans will also see the show’s beloved musical and comedic segments get a British makeover. The four episodes will also feature guests and additional creative elements which will be revealed closer to the premiere dates. When James announced his departure on the talk show in April, he stated it was a “good time to move on to see what else is out there”. While he admitted leaving was one of the “hardest decisions,” the presenter added he was “determined to make it this the best year”. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Double exit for Moira Barton and Faith Dingle [THEORY]Tom Cruise jibes at James Corden after quitting Late Show [INSIGHT]James Corden tipped to hit stage as serious actor amid UK return [THEORY] He said: “We are going to go out with a bang. There are going to be Carpools, and Crosswalks, and sketches and other surprises.” After his announcement, it was reported James had been offered £15 million to continue hosting the show for an additional two years. In a statement, the CBS president Geroge Cheeks wrote the broadcast wished “he could stay longer,” however they were “very proud” he was able to make CBS his “home” in the US. Speaking to Deadline about his decision, James revealed: “There's still some other things that I feel I want to do. “I'd like to try and write, there's some stories I'd like to tell. I'd like to see if I'm capable of it. The fact that it's terrifying is the reason to do it.” James added he and his family were grateful for their “incredible adventure” in the US and they were open to relocating back to the UK. “Every day I drive down Sunset to work and I just think I'm from High Wycombe.” The episodes will be available from Tuesday 28 June – Friday 1 July on Sky Comedy and streaming service NOW