Dame Mary Berry went round the RHS Chelsea Flower Show’s Great Pavilion to find the plants that will look good and work in any border. The 87-year-old joined viewers at the Blackmore and Langdon stand who specialise in begonias and delphiniums. Blackmore and Langdon have exhibited in every RHS Chelsea Flower Show. Mary spoke to Nick from Blackmore and Langdon about his delphiniums. The former Great British Bake Off judge said delphiniums are her “favourite”. She described them as the “glorious blue” but there are now a plethora of colours available. Nick said: “There’s lots of different colours of delphiniums now. Originally, they were blue but there’s all sorts of different colours.” READ MORE: Are there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow Mary said one of her late aunts had a delphinium named after her called Delphinium “Molly Buchanan”. The plant is deep blue in colour with a beautiful black eye. Mary said she grows her delphiniums with “some success” in her own garden and tries to get them to re-flower again. “As soon as they’re in full bloom, and the bloom has gone, I cut them down and feed them,” she said.  DON'T MISSKate & William: Inside Adelaide Cottage- 'much better option' for home [INSIGHT]How to use tea bags to deter cats and foxes from ruining your garden [UPDATE]Royal Family's favourite flowers and poignant meanings explained [ANALYSIS] Nick said gardeners will need to cut them down as “early as possible” to get them to re-flower. He explained: “As soon as they finish flowering, cut them down before they go to seed and then you will get a much stronger second flower than you will if you don’t. “Feed them well, water them well and you should get a good flower in September.” Delphiniums, which are also known as Larkspur, are native to the northern hemisphere but can also be spotted on the high mountains of tropical Africa. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Delphiniums need to be sown in March and April and planted in May and June. They will then produce flowers from June through to September and need to be cut back from July onwards. Some varieties can reach over two metres in height. They are known for their bright blue flowers but also come in mauve, pink, white and red. Nick also had begonias on the plant stand which looked stunning in a variety of colours.  Mary asked Nick whether all begonias grow to be as large. Nick said: “We do give them quite a lot of attention but they will get to that size. “They have been bred to be a lot bigger than standard begonias.” RHS Chelsea Flower Show coverage is available to stream on BBC iPlayer.