Manchester City star Gabriel Jesus has reportedly detailed his desire to 'feel important' at another club with Arsenal one of the clubs keen to sign him this summer. The Brazilian has largely played a bit-part role at City since his £22million move from Palmeiras in January 2017 after falling second string to Sergio Aguero in his time at the club. With manager Pep Guardiola highly likely to deploy new signing Erling Haaland as City's first-choice striker next season, alongside the signing of Argentina prodigy Julian Alvarez joining from River Plate, potential game time for Jesus looks limited. And with that in mind, Fabrizio Romano reports that the attacker wishes to 'feel important' at another club - which he likely would do at Arsenal. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's move to Barcelona in the winter alongside a failed venture for Dusan Vlahovic has left Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah as the only senior strikers at the club. But with the duo out of contract in the summer, Mikel Arteta knows that he needs to bring in two strikers if they are to compete on all fronts, especially if they are playing in the Champions League. Romano also states that Arsenal have had direct contact with Jesus' agent and that he appreciates Arsenal's ongoing project. City however will only enter into negotiations over a move at the end of the month. And to make matters more difficult, French, Spanish and Italian clubs have also enquired about his services. Jesus seemed to downplay the rumours in April, although with the confirmation that Haaland is joining, he may have changed his tune. “Not time to think about this,” Jesus said after being linked with a move to north London. “You expect me to say this and it’s true. Not time to think about this, now is the best moment of the season. I want to enjoy it, keep focused on my teammates to fight for the Premier League. I’ve won with my teammates three times already so I know how it feels and I want to again.” It is expected that qualification for the Champions League will be a huge factor in Arsenal's bid. But despite goals being a huge issue due to Lacazette's poor form, the Gunners are close to securing a top-four spot. Should they qualify, Jesus' record of 20 goals in 38 Champions League games could come in handy in their bid to enter the late knockout stages of the prestigious tournament. But other sides will likely try to snatch his signature from under the nose of the Gunners this summer given how widely appreciated his talents are.