Met Office meteorologist Alex Deakin has said dry and sunny weather “is on its way out” for the foreseeable future and that the last day of the Bank holiday weekend will see the country “betwixt and between weather systems”. With a low-pressure front moving in, Mr Deakin stated it will be “hard to pin down where we are likely to see any sunshine”.  Likewise, BBC weather reporter Ben Rich noted: “Overall, April was a dry month for many parts of the UK." He added “that did change in some northern areas on the final day of the month” and we can expect this to continue. A frontal system will be moving in from the west from Monday and it will meet with high pressure which will bring scattered showers. Mr Rich stated that there will be a “cloudy start” on Tuesday but claimed “things [will] brighten up across parts of Wales and southern England, that could spark off some pretty heavy showers and we will see some showery patchy rain in Northern Ireland later in the day".  Average temperatures of 15C and 16C are forecast for Monday and Tuesday, with things potentially warming up by a degree or two by Wednesday. Across the next few days, the nights will remain relatively mild with very little chance of frost as average temperatures settle around 7C and 9C. The Met Office long-range forecast for the end of the week shows “longer spells of rain are expected in the west and northwest, spreading south-eastwards through the day but still some sunny spells developing in places". READ MORE: Is there a season 7 of Outlander? Show's future explained For the latter half of the month, it seems that the weather may still not be picking up to the sunny weather Brits are all desperate for. The Met Office has predicted that from May 16 to May 30 “lower pressure is more likely, bringing a change to more generally unsettled conditions, with spells of rain or showers for most". They also suggested some drier spells are still possible in the south but added temperatures are "likely to remain near or above normal throughout". However, by Thursday, Brits may be in luck with some warmer weather as BBC weather reporter Ben Rich noted that warm air will be moving in from the south. DON'T MISS:POLL: Voters will not pay extra to achieve Boris’s Net Zero targets (POLL)Brexit LIVE: 'Reality!' Economist says UK GDP growth to outpace EU (LIVE)'F**g cowards' Russian officer forced to shoot troops as morale sinks (REACTION)  Temperatures could even reach as high as 21C in parts of the south east of England. The Met Office has also warned pollen levels will be high across most parts of England and medium in the north of country on Thursday. According to WXCharts, Brits could see a band of heavy rain moving in from the northwest on Sunday night which could swiftly move across the UK in 24 hours. However, even further predictions to mid-week next week are showing more large bands of rain moving in for the foreseeable future. 