The US President said Finland and Sweden meet all NATO requirements. Mr Biden added that this administration is submitting to Congress reports on NATO accessions for both Scandinavian countries. He told reporters: "The bottom line is simple and quite straightforward. "Finland and Sweden make NATO stronger. "Not just because of the capacity but their strong, strong democracies. "A strong united NATO is a foundation of American security. "By joining NATO, allies make a sacred commitment to one another that an attack on one is an attack against all." READ MORE: Ukraine guerrilla resistance blows up train with Russian soldiers He added: "They have the full total complete backing of the United States of America. Submitting to the US congress reports on nato accession on both countries to advise." Meanwhile, Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan dug in over his rejection of Sweden and Finland joining NATO, casting a shadow over a White House visit on Thursday by the leaders of the Nordic nations who applied this week to join the US-led alliance. Finland and Sweden say they have been spurred into joining NATO by Russia's invasion of Ukraine, reversing generations of military non-alignment to bring about the biggest shakeup in European security for decades. President Joe Biden hosted Swedish Prime Minister Magdalena Andersson and Finnish President Sauli Niinistö, a chance for Washington to demonstrate that Russia's invasion has backfired, bringing about the very expansion of NATO that Moscow has said it was fighting to halt. "This is a historic event, a watershed moment in European security. Two nations with a long tradition of neutrality will be joining the world's most powerful defensive alliance," said White House national security adviser Jake Sullivan. But Turkey has surprised its allies by objecting to the move, accusing the two Nordic states of harbouring Kurdish militants. "We will continue our policy in a determined way. We have told allies that we will say no to Finland and Sweden's NATO membership," Erdogan said in an interview with students late on Wednesday. "NATO is a security alliance and we cannot accept terrorists to be in it." DON'T MISS Russia state TV exploiting Ukraine war to boost global arms trade [INSIGHT] Putin mouthpiece forced to backtrack after savaging Russai military [VIDEO]Brussels forced to invest heavily to cut off Putin [ANALYSIS] Washington has so far played down the Turkish objections, saying it expects the issues to be resolved. The past week has seen Russia secure its biggest victory since the invasion began in February, with Kyiv announcing it had ordered its garrison in a steelworks in Mariupol to stand down, after a nearly three month siege of the city. The ultimate outcome of the bloodiest battle in Europe for decades has remained publicly unresolved, with no confirmation of the fate of hundreds of Ukrainian defenders. Moscow said on Thursday that 1,730 Ukrainian fighters had surrendered so far, including 771 in the past 24 hours. Ukraine, which says it aims to secure a prisoner swap, has declined to say how many were inside the plant or comment on the fate of the rest since confirming that just over 250 had surrendered in the initial hours after it ordered them to yield.