Paul Pogba has paid an emotional tribute to Mino Raiola after the super-agent passed away at the age of 54 on Saturday. The Manchester United midfielder, who appears destined to depart Old Trafford in the summer, posted a heartfelt message about his agent alongside a classy montage of the pair together.   The Frenchman took to social media to share a number of pictures of him and Raiola, accompanied by the caption: "Always in my heart. Thank you Mimi." The selection of shots included the pair celebrating success during Pogba's time in Turin with Juventus, sharing ice cream together and laughing while relaxing in a swimming pool. The World Cup winner also changed his Instagram profile picture to one of him alongside Raiola as further tribute to his deceased agent. The Italian-Dutch negotiator was admitted to hospital back in January where he underwent treatment after being diagnosed with a lung disease. Reports circulating on social media that Raiola had passed away on Thursday were premature, though it was later clarified that the agent was critically ill. Raiola's family then confirmed the 54-year-old's death on Saturday. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings A statement from his family read: "In infinite sorrow, we share the passing of the most caring and amazing football agent that ever was. Mino fought until the end with the same strength he put on negotiation tables to defend our players. "As usual, Mino made us proud and never realised it. Mino touched so many lives through his work and wrote a new chapter in the history of modern football. "His presence will forever be missed. Mino's mission of making football a better place for players will continue with the same passion." DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag  Raiola's vast empire of football clients also included the likes of Erling Haaland, Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Mario Balotelli. The agent's tragic passing comes ahead of what was expected to be a busy summer of negotiations. Haaland appears set on a Borussia Dortmund departure, with Manchester City leading the way for his sought-after signature, while Pogba himself looks set to be on the move. The 29-year-old has rejected United's efforts to tie him down to a new contract, and with his current deal set to expire come the end of the season, the midfielder appears destined to depart Old Trafford for free, for a second time. Though Pogba hasn't confirmed his future lies away from Manchester, he has been heavily linked with the likes of Real Madrid and Paris Saint-Germain. The Frenchman has become the latest high-profile name to pay tribute to Raiola following his passing. 