Good Morning Britain hosts Ben Shephard and Kate Garraway had to stop the debate from getting out of hand as the boxing promoter and charity campaigner discussed their strong views about the sport. Eddie began by explaining all the positives of boxing, while Peter tried to emphasise the dangers of the sport. It didn't take long for the chat to get heated as Peter accused Eddie of constantly talking over him. The charity campaigner said: "It irritates me that this notion that the only way for working-class boys to get on is to take up boxing. "And as somebody who grew up on a council estate in one of the most deprived areas of the country, there are so many sports that teach discipline and encourage kids to train and work and have ambition. "And those sports don't involve hitting somebody punching somebody in the head." READ MORE: Lorraine warns Emmerdale guest to ‘behave' after appearance remark He continued: "The ultimate way to win a boxing contest is to render your opponent senseless..." "That is so naive," Eddie interrupted before Peter hit back: "I didn't interrupt you." "Well, I will interrupt you," Eddie raged as he tried to get his point across. "You're not educated as a boxer, as a fighter to go in and render your opponent anything." "You knock somebody out," Peter tried to reply before he fumed: "Please allow me to finish the point. "The ultimate victory in a boxing match is you knock somebody out and the referee counts to 10 and the person is concussed. They can't get up." When asked by Kate about why other sports aren't taking hold in these areas, the Headway chief added: "I have to say that if boxing teaches discipline, then what happened to the 'baddest man on the planet' Mike Tyson who went to prison for a very serious crime? "What about amateur boxers that attack people? If your viewers want to look up a man called Frank Maghera, who was killed by two boxers who learned how to harm people, and when he tried to stop them from kicking down and out in the street...." DON'T MISS...Roxy Shahidi husband: Who's Emmerdale's Leyla Harding star married to? [CAST]Lord of the Rings series: Amazon boss drops update on Rings of Power [INSIGHT]Phillip Schofield blasts 'callous' Bev Turner over family comments [VIDEO] The segment took a turn again when Eddie and Peter clashed over their opinions. "You're interrupting me yet again," Peter later raged at Eddie. Ben chipped in: "This is the best ding dong we've had on the show and there's not even a ring." Kate concluded the chat by suggesting that Eddie pay a visit to the charity Headway and that Peter watches a boxing match. The discussion also left viewers divided, with many taking to social media to share their thoughts. Agreeing with Eddie, Fiona penned: "My son goes to boxing (15) and it’s all about the guys training. They discipline them and my son has a lot of respect. It’s 2 nights a week when you know they are in a safe environment and being active." (sic) Dibz added: "Boxing is superb! It’s a fantastic way to channel aggression, learn discipline, and learn values that’ll lead to being a positive member of society. I can’t think of a single negative and it doesn’t harm any of those who oppose it." However, Jude disagreed: "How can being rendered unconscious not be dangerous. Hearn is talking rubbish." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.