Patrick Vieira has been spared of police charges after he kicked out at a fan following Crystal Palace's 3-2 loss to Everton on Thursday but has said he will talk with the Football Association about it. With the Toffees needing a win to secure survival from the Premier League, Dominic Calvert-Lewin's 84th-minute winner sparked wild scenes on Merseyside for a team that weren't expecting to be involved in a relegation battle. A pitch invasion ensued after the full-time whistle with an outpour of emotion being shown on the pitch, which Vieira got caught up in. Footage showed an Everton fan taunting Vieira by celebrating wildly in his face, provoking a reaction from the Arsenal legend who kicked the supporter in question. The Frenchman was questioned by the Merseyside Police but the former midfielder was spared of charges. "Officers have spoken to both men involved and the opportunity to make a formal complaint or support a prosecution was declined," a police statement read. Vieira has pledged his desire to support and liaise with the FA after the incident went viral. But the Eagles boss refused to confirm whether he would accept a punishment should that outcome occur. "I am not there yet. I will participate with the FA and talk about the incident and give my view," Vieira said. "I think the Everton incident is bigger than just that incident. When you look at it in the Premier League, there were a lot of field invasions that can cause trouble. There are real issues here to reflect on and try to see what is the best way to manage it and to deal with it. "You don't know what can happen. When you don't know what can happen of course you fear for anything, for the players. We want to be safe and the best way to do that is we need to reflect on what is the best way for those kind of things not to happen on the field." The incident was one of three altercations in the last week involving a player and fan following a pitch invasion. Nottingham Forest fan Robert Biggs was jailed for six months after headbutting Sheffield United's Billy Sharp at the City Ground on Tuesday. And Aston Villa keeper Robin Olsen was mobbed and attacked by Manchester City fans following their title win on Sunday afternoon.  