Sophie Liard, aka The Folding Lady joined the US show, LIVE Kelly and Ryan earlier this week where she shared more folding hacks and storage advice. Alongside demonstrating her most requested fold - the fitted bedsheet - Sophie showed viewers the correct way to fold and then store socks, a laundry item that regularly comes out of the washing machine without its pair. “I love folding socks,” Sophie admitted. “This is therapeautic, I don’t know why I love it so much, but I just do. “I’m going to start with one sock inside out - you’ll see why at the end. “And I always start with the heels facing up, because it gives you a flatter fold. “This is really important to keep the fold flat. READ MORE: Kim Woodburn laundry tips - pro method to 'get the muck off' each time “So, you’re going to turn over your socks, so your heels are just off - again keep them really flat. “Then fold them up, like this until you reach the top,” she added, demonstrating. “Then unfold the top sock and you can see why I had one inside out.” DON'T MISS...Beauty fans praise £10 Miracle Cream results ‘Younger & firmer skin' [SHOP]Queen Elizabeth enjoys cucumber sandwiches with unusual herb inside [INSIDER]Online dating: How to get more matches - photos you need to include [EXPERT] Step by step guide to folding socks: 1. Place both socks on a flat surface, heels facing up - left sock is inside out 2. Place right sock on top of left sock, but two inches further down, leaving the elasticated cuffs at the top and bottom 3. From the bottom, fold the socks upwards in three inch sections 4. When you reach the top there should be on elasticated cuff - from the inside out sock - which you then roll over the folded sock pile. There are a couple of other ways to fold socks - including the army fold and the ‘I ain’t got time for that’ fold. The army fold is when both socks are placed on top of one another, with the foot going in the same direction. The heel is tucked over and then the sock is rolled from the toe to the top. The elasticated cuff is then rolled over and this is perfect for packing. The most common way to fold socks is the ‘I ain’t got time for that’ fold. Simply stuff the socks inside the cuff and put away! As a result of Sophies useful tips, thousands of social media users have been reorgnaising their clohtes. One Instagram user commented: “I went through and did this to all my socks last week.” Another said: “I never thought to flip them different directions!” “Been doing it wrong all these years!” A third remarked.