The seventh birthday of Princess Charlotte has been publicly marked by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge with the release of three new pictures. The adorable daughter of Kate and Prince William is all smiles in the photos snapped by her mother who, as noted by royal commentator Robert Jobson, is a keen amateur photographer. Commenting on the pictures, the royal expert said: "The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have shared these 3 charming photos of Princess Charlotte, to mark her 7th birthday on 2 May. "The pictures were taken by her mother, Catherine a keen amateur photographer, outside in Norfolk among the bluebells at the weekend." Many were left stunned by the beauty of the pictures, including royal author Angela Levin. She tweeted: "Gorgeous pictures of Princess Charlotte in a lovely setting, wearing the same colour as the bluebells." Royal fans also took to the social media platform to comment on the snaps. Twitter user Tyler wrote: "Aww... such lovely photos and Happy Birthday Princess Charlotte". Similarly, mrc tweeted: "Beautiful photos of Princess Charlotte". The pictures were taken in Norfolk over the weekend. READ MORE: Beatrice and Eugenie shut out of roles despite brokering Harry visit Charlotte can be seen wearing a blue pullover sweater, paired with a sweet collared blouse and navy blue trousers, perfectly in harmony with the flowers surrounding her. In one snap, Kate and William's only daughter holds a bluebell, while in another she is hugging the family cocker spaniel. While it had been previously reported Kate's brother James Middleton had gifted the Cambridges with a new pet, Kensington Palace had never confirmed the rumour. Yesterday, it emerged the adorable dog has been named Orla. Commenting on the snap of Charlotte and Orla, THEELiana3 tweeted: "Girl and her pup! Happy birthday, Charlotte!" The three pictures also reveal little Charlotte has lost one of her teeth. The release of these photos also sparked a frenzy among royal fans trying to pinpoint who the seven-year-old has taken after the most. Some believe Charlotte's appearance is very similar to the Queen. @JohnMillerNotT2 tweeted: "She looks like a young queen Lizzy" Similarly, @lancslass34 wrote: "I think Charlotte looks like the Queen." Others believe Charlotte has taken after her dad William and presents traits common among the Spencers rather than of the Middletons or the Windsors. A fan Twitter account called The BRF wrote: "Prince William & Princess Charlotte got the ‘SPENCER SMILE’" Another Twitter user, samisatsuma wrote: "Princess Charlotte is the image of her father". However, Twitter user SEZZA 48 suggested the little Cambridge may have taken her look after the Windsors. In particular, they see similarities between Charlotte and the Queen as well as Princess Margaret's daughter. They wrote: "Charlotte looks nothing like Diana! She has the Windsors' genes and looks like the Queen and Lady Sarah Chatto and a little bit of Anne too!"