Shopping around for a decent savings rate is increasingly important with the Bank of England expected to hike base rates to one percent on Thursday. The tide may finally be turning in favour of savers as returns on cash deposits pick up as a result. Of the BoE’s monetary policy committee does hike rates from 0.75 percent to one percent as anticipated, it will be the FOURTH increase since December. It would mean that savings rates have climbed from their all-time low of 0.1 percent in a matter of months, but the big banks haven’t followed suit. Lloyds Easy Saver, NatWest Instant Saver and HSBC Flexible Saver have all increased their interest rates from a miserly 0.01 percent, but only to 0.1 percent. The Barclays Everyday Saver account continues to pay just 0.01 percent. However, there are much better deals out there from lesser-known names. Today’s top six easy access accounts now pay 1.20 percent on average, up from 0.44 percent a year ago, based on a £10,000 deposit. The current best buy easy access deal, the Chase Saver Account, pays 1.49 percent. Incredibly, that is 149 times the rate paid by Barclays Everyday Saver. Challenger banks dominate the best buy tables, as Aldermore pays 1.25 percent on easy access, Zopa offers 1.19 percent and Tandem 1.10 percent. Instant access cash Isa rates have picked up, too, with Cynergy Bank paying a market-leading 1.05 percent, while Marcus by Goldman Sachs and Saga both pay one percent. Moneyfacts finance expert Rachel Springall said base rate rises have spurred banks and building societies into action, but challenger banks dominate the top rate tables. READ MORE: ‘Stunning rate’: Easy access account offers 1.5% interest on savings Shopping around is vital because more than eight in 10 easy access accounts still pay less than 0.75 percent, Springall added. Sarah Coles, senior personal finance analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, warned against leaving too much money on easy access now. “The vast majority of easy access cash is sitting with the high street giants, earning next to nothing.” She said everyone should have an emergency fund covering three to six months of essential expenses, but leaving more on easy access is an expensive mistake. Fixed-rate savings accounts are improving, with Shawbrook paying 1.96 percent for one year, United Trust Bank paying 2.50 percent annually for three years, and PCF offering 2.75 percent for five years. With interest rates expected to rise further as the Bank of England looks to fight inflation, better deals could soon follow. “For cash you don’t expect to need for five years or more, consider whether it is appropriate to invest some of it,” Coles said. DON'T MISS:Simple trick turbo-charges your savings as State Pension shrinks [REVEAL]Gold, Bitcoin, euro and US shares CRASH on World War 3 fears [WARNING]Pensioners get £1,000 more income if they smoke, booze or overeat [INSIGHT]  The stock market provides a much better return over the longer run, but many will be wary today. Rising interest rates, reduced central banker stimulus, war in Ukraine and Chinese Covid lockdowns are fuelling share price volatility. George Lagarias, chief economist at Mazars, said “equity and bond markets in disarray”. He added: “It marks by far the worst beginning of the year this century.” A growing number of Britons are struggling to save any money at all, with more than four in 10 saying they will not be able to save anything at all in the next 12 months, official figures show.