Sir Keir promised he would step down if fined by Durham Police following an investigation into his lockdown beer and takeaway event in April last year. Ms Rayner, Labour’s deputy, was also in attendance at “beergate” and said she too would resign if found to be in breach of restrictions. They are now being investigated for gathering in the Durham office of Labour MP Mary Foy in April 2021, when most indoor socialising was banned as part of pandemic restrictions. In a press conference on Monday, May 9, Sir Keir said he “simply had something to eat whilst working late in the evening, as any politician would do days before an election”. He added: “The idea that I would casually break the rules is wrong. I don’t think those who are accusing me of it believe it themselves. They are trying to say all politicians are the same. “If the police decide to issue me with a fixed penalty notice, I would of course do the right thing and step down. The British public deserve politicians who think the rules apply to them.” Ms Rayner issued a statement on Monday noting that she too would resign if found to have broken rules. She said: “I’ve always been clear that I was at the event in Durham working in my capacity as deputy leader and that no rules were broken. Eating during a long day’s work was not against the rules. “We have a Prime Minister who has been found to have broken the rules, lied about it and then been fined. If I were issued with a fine, I would do the decent thing and step down.” In response, Express.co.uk readers were asked if they thought the Labour leaders should quit. In a poll that ran from 11am on Tuesday, May 10, to midday on Thursday, May 12, Express.co.uk asked: “Should Starmer and Rayner quit as leaders of Labour party?” A total of 2,149 people cast their votes with the overwhelming majority – 83 percent (1,779 people) – answering “yes”, Sir Starmer and Ms Rayner should resign as leaders of the Labour party. A further 17 percent (363 people) said “no” they should not resign while just seven people said they did not know either way. In the dozens of comments left below the accompanying article some readers felt strongly about Sir Keir and Ms Rayner losing their positions with username My Giddy Aunt writing: “Absolutely!!!!” Others noted how Sir Keir had called on both Prime Minister Boris Johnson and Chancellor of the Exchequer Rishi Sunak to step down after they were issued with fixed-penalty notices by the Metropolitan Police for breaching lockdown rules at a Downing Street party. At the time he tweeted: “Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak have broken the law and repeatedly lied to the British public. “They must both resign. The Conservatives are totally unfit to govern. Britain deserves better.” One user, SanjayP said: “Starmer set the bar for resignation by calling on Boris to resign when the Met started its investigation. “Now, Durham Constabulary has started their investigation, it is up to Starmer and Rayner to do the decent thing, show some honour and integrity, and resign.” Username Jabman said: “Boris didn't quit so it should be up to them but what they should do is apologise to the commons and the country.” DON'T MISS‘I daren’t go shopping’ Voters say more concerned by living costs than ‘Partygate’ row [LATEST]Don't believe you! Boris STILL thinks EU will crumble on Brexit when trade panic hits bloc [INSIGHT]'The world won't look kindly!' EU blasted for UK trade war threat [VIDEO] Others said that nobody should resign and instead MPs should focus on “real problems”. Like username Basaria who commented: “Instead of arguing over who had a cake, or a beer and a curry, maybe get back to the job in hand, getting the country back on the rails.” Username Alf B said: “None of them should resign. It’s time to move on and deal with the real problems the citizens of the U.K. are facing.” And username LageDisciple said: “Time to put all this ‘party’ rubbish to bed. We need a government to run the country.” Meanwhile, username Wbaman said: “No. And neither should Boris.”