Ruth's husband Jonathan Wignall was jailed last year for plaguing the ITV broadcaster with messages and harassing her while she was at work. The weather presenter explained to Kate Garraway and Adil Ray she was "scared" about his imminent release ahead of a news segment airing tonight exploring her journey with her abusive partner. Good Morning Britain viewers took to social media to applaud Ruth's "bravery" for speaking out.  The 46-year-old reflected on the moment her husband was arrested, which was shown via a video recording which will be featured in the show. "Prior to that particular event, that arrest, I would say that his behaviour had escalated to a point where it was hundreds and hundreds of phone calls a day," she recalled. "Constant messages, 'Where are you? What are you doing? Who are you with?' "So 200 phone calls, that was nothing - but if you listen, his response there was 'she's my wife,' and that really I think was the key to all of it. READ MORE: TalkTV's James Max shocked as caller cuts off heating to save money "I was his wife, I was his possession, and in a sense that gave him the right to do pretty much what he wanted." "So you got to a point where you drew the line, pursued the case, he was found guilty and got three years," Kate explained. "And now, having only served half of that, I imagine on the day he was sentenced you hoped that would be an end to it?" "Yeah, I often get asked 'did he get long enough?' I never set out for anyone to go to prison, it wasn't about that," Ruth remarked. "Thankfully the authorities and police realised there was more going on and it justified it.  "I was shocked because this is a man I spent 20 years of my life with, he's the father of my children and here I am effectively sending him to prison. "I know it wasn't me doing it and the police have been brilliant saying, 'He's doing it to himself.' "The judge told him at the time that he would serve a minimum of half but then prior to that, he can apply for what's called home release. "So he can be released on a curfew but he would still be about - a man who, to the best of my knowledge, has shown no remorse, has lost his wife, has lost the one thing he had control over. DON'T MISS... The Repair Shop's Jay Blades speaks out after BBC cancel spin-off [EXCLUSIVE]EastEnders theory: Callum Highway and Ben Mitchell split over secret [THEORY]Holly Willoughby skewers hunter's defence of killing elephant [LATEST] "My worry is that a restraining order is a bit of paper and doesn't really matter, is he really going to change?" When asked if she was afraid, Ruth confessed: "I am scared, I'm very scared, my family are scared, my mum... we do worry." Opening up on how the police saved her life, she added: "The police at that moment arrested him and by doing that they saved my life, they saved my children and they saved my family." "And you genuinely believe that?" Kate asked, stunned. Ruth replied: "Oh absolutely, you know for my children to say, 'he will kill you,' it still haunts me."  Many praised Ruth on Twitter, with @rng88991 posting: "#GMB well done Ruth, so brave." @Itt39354118 wrote: "How frightening for Ruth #gmb." Elizabeth Davies penned: "Feel for Ruth Dodsworth #gmb," while @azsadam1 shared: "#GMB I've been where Ruth Dodsworth is it's horrible." "Incredible Ruth Dodson speaking about controlling coercive behaviour. Highlighting the signs to look out for on #GMB. I have been trying to highlight this as a solicitor for 5 years or more, finally some recognition. #DomesticAbuse #coercivecontrol #protection #nonmolestation," @RachelWard112 penned. @cjdec added: "#gmb love @Ruth_ITV what he did to her and their kids was awful." Ruth's story will be explored in Tonight at 8.30pm on ITV.