Journalist Peter Hitchens made the point to Mark Steyn that the English should abandon the “eternally dissatisfied Celts” by seceding from the rest of the union. He admitted he’d “enjoy the look on Nicola Sturgeon’s face” once she realised that Scotland was finally independent.  However, he also made the point that it would be significant for understanding what being English means today. Mr Hitchens said: “I think it would be a great moment for reflection, restoration and understanding of who and what we are. “I don’t imagine that if England did pull out of the United Kingdom and re-establish itself as what it was that it would continue to behave in the way it has done for some long time as the United Kingdom. “One of the things I hope to do apart from enjoying the look on Nicola Sturgeon’s face once she realised that Scotland really was independent and had to cope with that, one of the things I wanted to do was get England to accept its standing in the world.  “We had the most tremendous period of world power, I don’t think any country of such a small size has ever been so powerful or so rich. “But it’s over and we need to find a new place in the world in which we can be content. “I think the recognition that we are now a smaller nation would be an important way of pulling ourselves together and re-establishing ourselves as what we used to be.”  READ MORE: GB News: 'Left hate UK!' Platinum Jubilee flag row rumbles on Mr Hitchens continued to promote the advantages of pursuing a policy of isolation, especially given the ongoing crisis in Ukraine. He added: “You look around at the nations of Europe and it’s the smaller ones that don’t pretend to be world powers and keep stomping about in other people’s countries that seem to be more content, and happier and more prosperous than the ones which do. “I’m sick and tired of us invading everywhere. I think we should look to our own defences to make sure no one comes and barges into us, otherwise leave the rest of the world alone.  DON'T MISS:Energy owners ‘gobsmacked’ as Treasury sets sights on windfall tax [LATEST]'Dangerous precedent' Uni blasted after Russian student rejected [SPOTLIGHT]Karim Benzema responds to Liverpool star Mohamed Salah's warning [SPORT] “We’ve had our turn, and if it’s now the turn of the Chinese the main thing to do is to be as well-defended against them as we possibly can, militarily and culturally and economically if you want to survive the storms that are coming. “I think a smaller country would probably do that better than the mess which is the United Kingdom, a group of nations which no longer wishes to stay together. “Why hang around? Why wait to be jilted? Why stand there on the street corner with a wilted bunch of flowers waiting to be told to shove off?” 