Being born in the ruling family, the term 'heir and the spare' is a dominating concept. Prince Harry, the second child of Prince Charles and the late Diana, Princess of Wales, reportedly struggled with being given the nickname 'the spare' and during his childhood, his mother "tried to shield him" from feeling like "the spare to the heir". Speaking on the latest episode of Vanity Fair's royal podcast Dynasty, Omid Scobie, co-author of Finding Freedom, discussed Harry's "damaging" nickname. Speaking to Dynasty's hosts Katie Nicholl and Erin Vanderhoof, Mr Scobie said: "I wouldn't wish growing up as a child and being called 'the spare' on anyone. "I think that that is quite damaging. "[especially if] you think how early the press started calling him 'the spare heir'. I think that was quite unfair". He added: "I think that Diana really tried to shield him from that or ever really feeling like that within the institution". READ MORE: Prince Harry set for 'special announcement' in HOURS – Duke of Sussex poised to speak out Ms Nicholl said: "Harry grew up in a very unique position. "People all over the country would recognise his face, as much as they would his brother's [Prince William] but he [Harry] would never be heir to the throne". For the heir to the throne, such as Prince William, a path is laid out, whereas the younger sibling, they grow up as a type of understudy to the heir to the throne. Ms Nicholl noted that [being a spare] "doesn't come with a job description and Harry's had to make it up as he has gone along". READ MORE: Queen sends 'Fantastic Five' on UK tour to celebrate Platinum Jubilee According to Tina Brown, author of the book The Palace Papers, Harry began to struggle the most after leaving the army. Harry resigned from the army in 2015 and took up royal duties full-time. Speaking recently to Lorraine, Ms Brown said: She added: "[Prince Harry] served his country, went twice to Afghanistan, he was super brave, it was a great success - his whole military career. "When he came out [of the army], he felt, sort of, route-less, he felt a bit lost". DON'T MISS Meghan 'loathed' England but may 'come back for biggest role' - claim [ANALYSIS]Queen in 'lose-lose situation' as Harry and Meghan to steal spotlight [INSIGHT]Meghan 'stole the soundbite' off Kate in rare Fab 4 outing [VIDEO] In a recent interview for NBC Today, Harry told Hoda Kotb that his mother's influence still holds significance in his current life. When asked whether he feels his mother’s presence, he said that it is "constant". He added that over the past two years, referring to when he left the Royal Family, he said he has felt her presence "more so than ever before". In the interview, Harry added: “And it is almost as though she's done her bit with my brother and now she's very much, like, helping me. Got him set up. And now she's helping me set up. That's what it feels like, you know?”