  Strictly Come Dancing presenter Claudia Winkleman has discussed the odd request she got from Boots that almost made her “put the phone down”. The star spoke about being asked to “get her skin scanned” in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk.     Strictly’s Claudia, 50, hilariously recalled the first time Boots reached out to her over the phone to ask if she wanted to look at her skin up-close for the first time. She began: “I’ve got zero knowledge about skincare. I mean none. “The makeup you can see now? This is from Monday. And look at my tan! I mean, I am a disgrace.” Discussing Boots UK, whom she has since teamed up with, Claudia admitted she had her reservations about the partnership at first. READ MORE: James Martin on why he split from James Bond star ex Barbara Broccoli    “They said, ‘Do you want to come and get your skin scanned?’” she remembered. “‘Well of course I b****y don’t. I’m 50,’ I said, and almost put the phone down. “And you know what they’ll find in there? Old f***ing bits of soup! “Anyway, they said, ‘No, no you’ll like it’. Because I’ve got no idea what to use.     “All I know is I don't want lots of different methods. I don't want 18 creams. 12 toners. I'm not interested.” Claudia has since become a fan of the scanner, but admitted that the first time she saw her skin up close, it was “very alarming”. “Bearing in mind I've got like minus 15 eyesight - so I've never seen anything that close up in my life…” she said. “I don't even know what I look like now. So I just couldn't believe that.” READ MORE... Meghan Markle's 'main issue' pointed out by Karren Brady [INSIGHT] Lewis Hamilton causes stir in hot pink outfit at Miami Grand Prix [UPDATE] Monty Don sparks frenzy as he announces 'perfect' new family arrival [NEWS]   Claudia has paired up with Strictly co-presenter Tess Daly, 53, to promote Boots No7 Pro Derm Scan - a new diagnostic service that aims to give customers accurate skincare and cosmetic recommendations based on an up-close scan of their skin. Speaking about the futuristic scanning process, Claudia shared her results. “Well my skin is parched, because I've never had a glass of water,” she admitted. “Look,” she added, pointing to her cup of coffee. “I've got a decaf and that’s all the liquid for today.”      Speaking about the procedure itself, she shared: “I thought it was gonna hurt and it didn't - and it was really quick. “They said I needed moisturiser, but they were quite pleased with me! I got lots of greens, which I remember being pleased about.” Claudia Winkleman is partnering with No7 to celebrate the launch of Pro Derm Scan, an in-store personalised consultation service with a No7 Beauty Advisor to help you see and understand your skin. Available now in selected Boots stores.   