Prince Harry recorded a message for the programme Te Ao with Moana, an award-winning show on Māori TV, from his home in California. The appearance had been teased earlier today by the programme's Twitter account, saying the Duke of Sussex was poised to make a "special announcement". Stressing the Duke's appearance would not be an interview, the Twitter account of Te Ao with Moana shared: "Tonight we have an interview with academy award winning actor Wes Studi and a special announcement (not an interview) by Prince Harry, Duke of Sussex." During the show, Prince Harry announced the launch of a new project by Travalyst, the travel initiative he created in 2019 to make sustainable tourism more mainstream and accessible. The initiative's first project is focused on New Zealand and, working with Māori communities, experts and operators in the country, it aims at learning how sustainable travel can be carried out while respecting the local culture, environment and practices. Stressing the importance to learn from Māori's sustainable living practices, Harry said: "Every year, more and more of us want better options, and for the first time Travalyst is striving to make that a reality for everybody who wants to support local communities travelling with Tiaki values and looking after nature and wildlife. "For our first campaign, we are encouraging people to flip the script. "We are always being asked for our feedback on our trips and experiences, but what would happen if our holiday rated us. "It's an important question to ask, and we want all of you to help us answer it. "I want to thank the Māori people for welcoming us into your home and we look forward to following your lead and learning from you through this campaign."  "I want to thank the Māori people for welcoming us into your home and we look forward to following your lead and learning from you through this campaign." With Tiaki values, the Duke referred to the Māori word for care for people, prices and cultures. Ahead of the announcement, the show's host, Moana Maniapoto, had said she hopes Harry's message will "spark a discussion" among viewers. She said: "It's interesting to hear someone who's a royal speak about Māori values, given our history but also given the current debates about having Māori values at the forefront of decision making and relationships. "We are open to talking to anyone… anything that particularly resonates with our values as Māori - whether we agree or not. READ MORE: Sophie and Edward heaped with praise during tour of Channel Islands "We talk about the Crown every week. I'm hoping that we will have an interview further down the track to tease out that relationship between Māori and the Crown." Prince Harry's grandmother the Queen is the head of state of New Zealand. The Duke has visited the country a number of times in the past and, in October 2018, toured with wife Meghan Markle on behalf of the sovereign. In the clip shared on social media, Harry appeared relaxed in a dark jacket and white shirt. This video offered a glimpse into Harry's home in the star-studded Santa Barbara neighbourhood of Montecito, where he moved with his wife Meghan and son Archie Harrison in the summer of 2020. On a shelf just behind him could be seen three books piled on one side. On the opposite end of the piece of furniture, three candle holders of different heights are placed. A black and white artwork dominates the background, contrasting with the beige walls. This announcement comes just a few days after two key statements were released regarding the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Buckingham Palace stated on Friday the Queen, following "careful consideration", had decided she would be surrounded only by working members of the Royal Family - with a few exceptions - on her London residence's balcony on Thursday, June 2. The statement read: "After careful consideration, The Queen has decided this year’s traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday 2nd June will be limited to Her Majesty and those Members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of The Queen." This means Meghan and Prince Harry, who stepped down as full-time working members of the Firm at the end of March 2020, will not join the monarch to watch the traditional flypast on the palace's balcony at the end of the Trooping the Colour parade. Similarly, Prince Andrew, who stepped back from public duties in November 2019, and his two daughters Princess Eugenie and Princess Beatrice have been excluded. A few minutes after this announcement, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex also shared a bombshell statement which ended speculation over their return to the UK. A spokesperson for the couple said: "Prince Harry and Meghan, the Duke and Duchess of Suss are excited and honoured to attend The Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations this June with their children." This trip will give the Queen the chance to see her eighth great-grandchild Archie in person for the first time in months, as the tot was last in the UK in November 2019. Similarly, it will give Her Majesty the possibility to meet for the first time face to face Lilibet 'Lili' Diana, the Sussexes' daughter born in a Santa Barbara hospital last June.