You’re so charged with mental, emotional and physical energy that this can be used in positive or negative ways. Avoid for instance, being drawn into contentious situations or you will quickly get into arguments. A better prospect would be to pour your energy into projects that show much promise. If you’re hoping for a promotion or to be considered for a plum assignment, put your charm to use and you will impress those who might help you up the career ladder. Ideas for making money or improving your work situation will be discussed. An imaginative relative will have some great suggestions. You’re in need of more stimulating experiences and you aren’t short of ideas on how to fill your time. Some may not meet with the approval of a loved one but you have a lot of restless energy and you can’t force yourself to be calm and still when you feel this way.  There is such a good rapport between you and a partner or close friend that there is no need to question their ideas or decisions. Are you single? Don’t just go for the first person who asks you on a date. You have so much to gain through linking up with the right person. Family, friends and neighbours are taking up quite a lot of your time and yet you don’t begrudge this at all. Your time, experience and advice will be given freely to anyone who needs you. Are you single? A romantic encounter will be the stuff dreams are made of. A brand new relationship or friendship will be brought to the forefront of your life when you feel lucky to be in a union where there is mutual respect and honesty. Your determined and dedicated effort will register well in the eyes of a senior colleague.  A brand new relationship or friendship will be brought to the forefront of your life when you feel lucky to be in a union where there is mutual respect and honesty. Your determined and dedicated effort will register well in the eyes of a senior colleague. Discussing a recent misunderstanding will make you realise that you and a friend do not want to remain at odds with each other. A reconciliation is possible and this will give you a huge sense of relief. If you have just started dating someone new you might agree to keep romantic developments secret a short while longer. A job move or relocation could be the consequences of you using your initiative and taking action to better your chances of success. You’re restless, you are in need of a change and you are ready to consider which areas of your life to aim for to feel happier and more deeply satisfied.  You may not have thought you could be so imaginative but when looking for something unusual or a different way to mark a celebration, you will come up with some great ideas. Are these practical? An older female relative will help you find ways to turn your thoughts into reality. You’re keen to try something new. Jumping at the first opportunity you are offered could be regretted when something even better comes along. Being choosy will pay off handsomely. A career or academic achievement will be something you can be proud of. Give yourself a pat on the back. A special dream will come to fruition and as much as you were wishing this would come true it has not been without a lot of hard work. You’ve not just dreamed about it but you are finding ways to reach this goal. Your determination is what is taking you far. 