In many cases foxes can go unnoticed, causing no damage to outdoor spaces. Signs a fox has been in your garden include trampled plants, eating leftover foods, and sometimes chewing through hosepipes and polythene tunnels. Although keeping foxes out of the garden completely is almost an impossible task, one expert has shared measures gardeners can take if they are suffering from ruined crops. Although keeping foxes out of the garden completely is almost an impossible task, one expert has shared measures gardeners can take if they are suffering from ruined crops. Sophie Thorgood, from the technical team at Pest Stop, said: “Foxes are optimistic feeders and they’re in search of food or secluded locations to create a den to raise their families, making gardens a prime location for foxes to venture. “At this time of year, foxes will have already created a den and birthed their cubs, so it’s not unusual to see adult foxes roaming around to hunt and feed their cubs. “To protect your garden from foxes, your efforts are best invested in fencing. READ MORE: Oven cleaning: How to clean oven door glass under 5 minutes - ‘cheap’ “Build a fence around the perimeter of your garden that is at least two metres high and ideally buried in the ground as it stops them digging underneath.” For people who own rabbits or chickens, the expert recommended adding an additional barrier to protect them. Sophie added: “Fence and walls can also have spikes placed on top of them to prevent foxes from climbing over and along them. “Also consider adding a hard structure to the edge of your pavement to deter them from digging in these areas too. DON'T MISS:Monty Don shares ‘classic symptoms’ of an ‘overwatered’ houseplant [COMMENT]‘Take action now’ to keep grass in ‘tip top condition’ all summer [EXPLAINER]Easy way to identify your soil type to create a 'healthy' garden [INSIGHT] “To prevent foxes from tipping your outdoor bins and compost heaps over in search of food, place them on firm ground with a lid to ensure they can’t be easily knocked over. “Also cut back on vegetation that could provide shelter and discourage neighbours from feeding foxes as this will lead to frequent visitors from adults and their cubs.” The expert also suggested using fox repellents, which prevents them from entering the garden without causing them harm. Sophie said: “The Pest Stop Ultrasonic All Pest Repeller is an ideal, non-chemical solution that emits frequencies through powerful speakers to repel unwanted animals.” The Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) said foxes largely need to be tolerated in gardens and can be considered part of the biodiversity gardens support. They said: “It can be impossible to keep foxes out of gardens. “Standard netting or fencing is unlikely to provide an effective barrier, as foxes are able to scramble over or dig underneath. “Holes dug by foxes should be filled in promptly before they deepen, otherwise a den may be established.” Relocating urban foxes is not recommended. The RHS experts added: “There are a wide range of animal repellent substances available for garden use. “Proprietary repellent substances used against cats and wild animals need frequent applications to maintain their effect and in some cases appear to be ignored. “Scaring devices that emit ultrasonic sound may be effective in the short term but foxes may become accustomed to the sound and lose their fear.”