Manchester United staff have lamented Aaron Wan-Bissaka’s ‘lack of integration’ as he prepares to leave the club this summer, according to reports. The right-back has struggled under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. And, now, a parting of the ways looks to be on the cards. Manchester United had high hopes for Wan-Bissaka when they signed him from Crystal Palace back in the summer transfer window of 2019. But the full-back has fallen out of favour under Rangnick, with Diogo Dalot often starting matches instead. It was revealed earlier this week that Ten Hag was ready to cut Wan-Bissaka loose, with the Dutchman eager to overhaul the squad as he plots a path to Premier League glory. And the Manchester Evening News say staff at the club have lamented Wan-Bissaka’s ‘lack of integration’ as he prepares to leave. The 24-year-old is a quiet figure off the pitch, never liking the limelight much. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings And United believe he was far too introverted to succeed at Old Trafford, despite the obvious talent he possesses. United players have also apparently noticed Wan-Bissaka and his shy character during his three years at the club. And who the Red Devils sign to replace him is something only time will tell. United have interest in Ajax star Jurrien Timber who, despite being a centre-back by trade, can play at right-back as well. A deal to land the Netherlands international would cost in the region of £35million, with the Eredivisie giants reluctant to sell their prized asset. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag And, earlier in the week, it was claimed United had been offered Sergino Dest by Barcelona. The Catalan titans are open to selling certain players this summer in order to balance their finances. And Dest could be an option for United, with the USA international previously playing under Ten Hag at Ajax. Wan-Bissaka has been linked with a return to Crystal Palace, who he previously sparkled with in the Premier League. Atletico Madrid, too, have emerged as potential suitors with Diego Simeone yet to replace Kieran Trippier following his January move to Newcastle. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Regarding Dalot, the Portugal international is likely to stay at the club with Ten Hag willing to have him on board. And he could even end up being the club’s first-choice right-back in the coming years with United happy with his development. Speaking recently, meanwhile, former Leeds and Manchester City star Danny Mills urged United to sell Wan-Bissaka - even if it’s for a loss. "You could probably pull in another £20 million with Wan-Bissaka," he told Football Insider. "If you add that to the transfer kitty that’s up to £70 million which could probably be stretched to £120million realistically. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "You look at it, people thought he was going to be England’s next right-back for some considerable time and going to be a great defender. “But I think we’ve seen he’s not at that level where he’s going to go on and win a Premier League and make a difference in the Champions League, maybe Man United was just a little bit too much for him." Wan-Bissaka could be involved when United lock horns with Palace on Sunday. The Red Devils need to win or draw to ensure they’re playing in the Europa League, rather than the UEFA Conference League, next season.