Coronation Street's Kevin (played by Michael Le Vell) has been struggling to help his wife, Abi Webster (Sally Carmen), win custody of her baby Alfie after she had an affair with Imran Habeeb (Charlie De Melo). Despite Abi cheating on Kevin, he has stayed by her side and done everything he could for her. But now, a new theory suggests Kevin may reunite with his ex-wife Sally (Sally Dynevor) after their pair struggle with the issues in their relationships. Kevin and Sally met in 1986 and quickly fell in love, with their deep-rooted romance seeming to stand the test of time. However, cracks began to form in their relationship, with arguments being caused by Kevin's temperament, ambition and protectiveness over Sally and their daughters. Sally often pushed Kevin to aim higher, but he was happy to continue as a mechanic working for someone else. Their relationship soon changed when Kevin had an affair with Natalie Barnes (Denise Welch) and blamed his actions on Sally's absence. READ MORE: Ozark season 4 theory: Jonah actually shot Wendy as fans spot key clue She clapped back and accused him of being bored with her and only going after Natalie for excitement, adding that if she'd turned into a boring housewife, then he was to blame. Their marriage soon fell apart, and the couple separated for a while before realising they were still deeply in love with one another and wanted to give their marriage a second chance. However, their second marriage was fraught with arguments from the get-go, especially since Sally was obsessed with the talent she saw in her daughter Rosie Webster (Helen Flanagan) and pushed her to do performing arts. Kevin was more concerned about the practicalities of funding private education, but Sally had tunnel vision and wanted the biggest and best for their daughters. They strayed from one another and eventually got a divorce in 2010 when Sally found out Kevin had another affair with Molly Dobbs (Vicky Binns) and fathered her child Jack Webster (Kyran Bowes). Now Kevin is married to Abi, who has torn his world apart after she had an affair with Imran, experienced a drug addiction relapse and gave birth to his son Alfie. They have been trying to work through their differences, but the constant drama surrounding Abi may push Kevin to leave her on her own, fighting for her son. Sally has also been having issues with her husband, Tim Metcalfe (Joe Duttine), as he began lying about his recovery after a triple bypass heart surgery and decided to take viagra. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street: Faye tries to save her dad's marriage  [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Hope Stape kills Phill  [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Karen McDonald's link to Jacob Hay rumbled [MORE] He ended up punching Ronnie Bailey (Vita Morgan) in the face after assuming Sally had told him about their problems. Could Tim's actions push Sally away and into the arms of her ex-husband as they both struggle with their relationships? Speaking exclusively to press, including Express.co.uk, Michael Le Vell, who plays Kevin, opened up about the potential reuniting of the couple and said: "I love it. "Another one of those bands that will never break, Kevin and Sally were right for each other at the right time, and they both made mistakes. "They both realised that those mistakes weren't able to be patched up, but for the sake of the kids, we have had to make our relationship work, and they understand each other now." If Sally and Kevin were to reunite and make another go of their relationship, will a third time be a charm or will it mark the end of their friendship for good? Next year, Michael celebrates his 40th anniversary on the show playing Kevin Webster, to which he exclaimed: "I love it, what's not to like about it. "I have actually been blessed with the actors I have been put with, which has made my job so much easier, it's not like coming into work, I have been blessed with the people I work with." Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.