Erik ten Hag has made it clear to Manchester United chief Richard Arnold he wants the club to sell deadwood by the end of next month, according to reports. Cristiano Ronaldo is mentioned as one of the players being primed to leave Old Trafford. And it seems a big summer of change awaits. Manchester United have confirmed Ten Hag as their new boss, with the Ajax manager primed to take over from Ralf Rangnick. And now, according to the Daily Star, the 52-year-old has made it known he wants the club to conduct the majority of their sales by the end of next month. While Ronaldo has been in fine form for United this season, scoring 24 goals across all competitions, it’s claimed he’s ‘expected’ to depart. That would certainly be a shock given other reports said last week the Portugal international was happy to stay, providing he’s wanted. It’s claimed the 37-year-old, despite being contracted to the club until next year, is studying offers from other top teams in Europe. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings An exodus is primed to take place this summer as United set their sights on a first Premier League title since 2013. Paul Pogba, Anthony Martial, Nemanja Matic, Jesse Lingard, Eric Bailly and Juan Mata are all set to leave. And there’s uncertainty over Dean Henderson, too, who may depart if he’s not guaranteed the No 1 jersey. Ten Hag is getting tough behind the scenes as he looks to make his mark at United. And he’s primed to bring in two assistants to help him adjust to life at Old Trafford as he targets trophies going forward. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Mitchell van der Gaag will follow him from Ajax, having agreed to swap Amsterdam for Manchester at the end of the season. And Steve McClaren is poised for a sensational return, too. McClaren previously worked under Ten Hag at FC Twente in the Netherlands and was part of Sir Alex Ferguson’s backroom staff during his time at the club. Meanwhile, speaking recently, Paul Merson urged Ten Hag to get rid of Ronaldo when he takes over. “Erik ten Hag must bite the bullet and get rid of Cristiano Ronaldo or he’ll waste his first year at Manchester United,” Merson said. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz An exodus is primed to take place this summer as United set their sights on a first Premier League title since 2013. Paul Pogba, Anthony Martial, Nemanja Matic, Jesse Lingard, Eric Bailly and Juan Mata are all set to leave. And there’s uncertainty over Dean Henderson, too, who may depart if he’s not guaranteed the No 1 jersey. Ten Hag is getting tough behind the scenes as he looks to make his mark at United. And he’s primed to bring in two assistants to help him adjust to life at Old Trafford as he targets trophies going forward. “If you’re bringing in a manager who’s going to be there for the next three or four years you can’t waste one on a striker who isn’t. “Ronaldo has had a good season. But everyone else at the club has been atrocious. Why do you think that is? “Some players bring out the best in those around them. Some players make them worse. “That’s what Ronaldo has done. Look what Karim Benzema is doing for Real Madrid. He’s scored 43 goals this season. I don’t remember him doing that when Ronaldo was there. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Look at the players Ronaldo is playing with now at United. “He hasn’t brought the best out of any of them. He could score a hat-trick against Brighton and it wouldn’t make any difference. “United aren’t winning the League with him in the team. So they should move on. “And when he leaves, I’m intrigued to see what his teammates say. Every other player at the club has failed miserably this season.”