Simon Cowell, 62, proposed to fiancée Lauren Silverman, 44, on Christmas Eve as they holidayed in Barbados. He had previously declared he didn’t believe in marriage. The couple had dated for 13 years before Simon popped the question. Simon’s sister-in-law Emma Lloyd-Cowell, who is married to his half-brother Tony, spoke out about how she worries he will be a “groomzilla” as preparations are being made for the wedding. The nuptials are rumoured to take place in June. Emma said Simon has “very clear likes and dislikes” and that being in charge in the 62-year-old’s professional life extends to his personal life. Emma explained: “Will he be a groomzilla? It’s hard to say. READ MORE: Bear Grylls credits Amanda Owen for being 'a huge support' “Simon has very clear likes and dislikes. “He is used to calling the shots on TV and behind the scenes so I’m sure he applies that to all areas of his life, including his wedding. She added: “But Lauren will have equally strong ideas as it’s her big day too. It’s also important for Eric, and Simon’s stepson Adam. “I’m sure he’s got lots of ideas, plans, and maybe a few surprises for Lauren, but I imagine it will be a low-key, really special day for them,” she told The Sun. Music mogul Simon and New York socialite Lauren met while they were on holiday in Barbados in 2004. She was there with her then-husband, real estate mogul Andrew Silverman. Simon and Lauren have been together for 13 years and the couple share an eight-year-old son, Eric. Lauren also has a son Adam from a previous relationship. DON'T MISS: Kelvin Fletcher's wife Liz announces arrival of twins in sweet post [UPDATE] Lorraine Kelly pays tribute to Deborah James after final post [TRIBUTE]BBC's Deborah James bids farewell as she moves to hospice at home care [LATEST]  Simon’s sister-in-law was surprised that he settled down, given his previous love for his bachelor lifestyle. She said: “None of us thought this day would come! Simon was a bachelor who never wanted to get married, engaged or be a dad, but look at him now.” She added: “Since Eric was born, his priorities have completely changed. “It wasn't something he ever expected or planned but it blew his world apart in the best way possible.” "While work is important to him, Eric and Lauren come first above all else." Simon explained: “I am planning it all, otherwise I know what will happen - there will be 600 people and it'll get out of control, like my 50th birthday party. “No one knows when it's going to be - that'll be a surprise, even for Lauren,” he said, jokingly.