Manchester United boss Ralf Rangnick has admitted he wanted a new striker when the transfer window was open in January. Dusan Vlahovic, Luis Diaz and Julian Alvarez were three of the names the German reeled off in his press conference on Friday. And, now, club insiders have revealed the Glazers didn’t sanction any signings because it would eat into the summer budget. Back in January, United striker Mason Greenwood was suspended by the club at a time where Anthony Martial was poised to join Sevilla and Edinson Cavani was injured. Rangnick then wanted the club to act, believing Cristiano Ronaldo needed support when it came to coming up with goals at the club. But United ultimately didn’t sign anybody and, since then, have endured a nightmare campaign. Now, the BBC say that club insiders have revealed the Red Devils didn’t act because the funds would have come out of their budget for the summer. United, historically, rarely do any business in January. Bruno Fernandes, Odion Ighalo and Alexis Sanchez have been exceptions in recent years, touching down from Sporting Lisbon, Shanghai Shenhua and Arsenal respectively. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings The Red Devils instead prefer to use their funds in the summer, before the commencement of any new Premier League season. And with a big summer ahead, something they were aware of back in January, they ultimately decided to save their cash. There were also concerns at the club that the incoming manager might not have approved of one of Rangnick's targets. Rangnick had revealed his desire for a new striker when speaking on Friday, ahead of his side’s Premier League clash with Brighton. He said: “We lost three strikers, long-term (including Edinson Cavani, who was injured at the time). “We should have tried to sign a player in the 48 hours we had, since we knew Mason wouldn’t be available and Anthony had already left on loan. “We were also aware Edinson might not be available for eight out of 10 games, but we didn’t do it. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag “There were a few. “Diaz, who is now at Liverpool, Alvarez, who will be at Manchester City in the summer, and Vlahovic, who at the time was still with Fiorentina. “The answer was 'no' and that was it. “I spoke to the board and told them 'shouldn’t we at least speak and analyse and find if we can at least get a player, on loan or a permanent deal'. “In the end the answer was 'no'. Maybe they didn’t want to do any winter business. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “Maybe we should have at least discussed it internally, because it might be necessary and important. “It would have been short notice anyway but still, 48 hours is 48 hours. “It might have been at least worth a try. But we didn’t and it wasn't done.” This summer, United are now set to add a new marksman to their squad. Cavani and Martial are primed to leave, while it’s still unclear if Greenwood will ever play for the club again. Darwin Nunez, of Benfica, is one player on their radar. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And they’ve also been linked with Sebastien Haller and Lautaro Martinez, who have impressed for Ajax and Inter Milan respectively. A new striker won’t be the only arrival at United this summer as they gear up for the start of the Erik ten Hag era. A centre-back is wanted to partner Raphael Varane, with the futures of Harry Maguire, Eric Bailly and Phil Jones up in the air. United are also open to adding a full-back to their ranks as well, particularly given the inconsistent form of the likes of Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Diogo Dalot and Alex Telles. And a midfielder is a priority at a time where Paul Pogba, Juan Mata and Nemanja Matic are all set to leave.