To finish off her incredible Floridian adventure, Jane McDonald travelled on the Overseas Highway to Miami. She said: “It’s as stunning as Yorkshire’s Pennine Way but just slightly wetter!” On this week’s episode, Jane paid a visit to Little Havana in Miami to join a Cuban culinary tour. She shared a taxi tip to help holidaymakers see more of the destination. She said: “Get your cab to drop you a few minutes from your destination so you can check out the surrounding area first.” Taking her own advice, Jane hopped a little early to look at some of the area before her tour. She even spotted some chickens on the streets and joked that they were following her around Miami. READ MORE: Passport warning issued for EU holidays - Spain, Portugal, France Jane also advised British holidaymakers to get out for a walk when they visit a new holiday destination. She said: “It’s good to come out on the old shanks’s ponies, on your feet. “One you’re going to get the fresh air, two you’ll get a sun tan and three there’s always something that’s happening. “It’s beautiful weather, you’ve got palm trees wafting and it’s amazing, it’s just amazing.” Jane joked that Miami is “the home of posing”. She added: “A lot of posing goes on in Miami.” Tourists outnumber residents in Miami by 16 to one, making it one of the USA’s top destinations. Jane added: “It’s lively, I’m not going to lie, it’s very lively. It’s the place to go, people promenade, they actually promenade up and down to be looked at.” While Miami is known for its party scene, Jane opted to stay at the Grand Beach hotel in the quieter district of north Miami. Later on Jane grabbed a mocktail while she enjoyed some people watching in the flashy American city. She told viewers: “I love watching folk, I really do, I love watching people go past. “Miami is all about Miami Vice, memories of the tv shows but actually walking up and here and seeing it for real you really get into the Miami vibe. “The less clothes you’ve got on the better.” At the beach, Jane met some Swiss tourists and enjoyed a ball game on the beach with them. They recommended a couple of top destinations for Jane to visit and she whipped out her phone immediately. She said: “This is your best friend (phone), it’s like your PA, you just find what you want to do in here (guidebook) and you book it on here. And it’s done.” Jane even took a speedboat tour to get in the Miami spirit and enjoyed some luxurious treats onboard.  Holidaying with Jane McDonald is on Channel 5 at 9pm on May 15.