On Saturday night, BBC viewers tuned in to watch The Eurovision Song Contest 2022. TikTok star Sam Ryder, who represented the UK, is one of 25 countries that took part in the competition. Graham Norton was also back to give his witty commentary throughout the programme. The Czech Republic kicked off the show, and many viewers likened the act to Miley Cyrus. Italy's entry also got a standing ovation and the crowd went wild when Mahmood (born Alessandro Mahmoud) and fellow rapper/singer Blanco (Riccardo Fabbriconi) took to the stage. As the audience gave the duo a round of applause, Graham commented on how they wouldn't want to win again as a country. "I can't overstate what a big hit that song is," the commentator began. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Dan Spencer killed off as Cain Dingle takes reven... He continued: "It's difficult for Italy because they probably don't want to win again, which is probably why after it they've put the third of the big five, Spain, another of the bookies' favourites." Italy is playing host to Eurovision 2022 following rock band Måneskin's victory in Rotterdam last year. The band left fans in awe when they performed their song Zitti E Buoni. However, despite Italy being one of the bookies' frontrunners, they could end up losing out to the UK.  While Ukraine has remained the favourites to win, according to the latest odds, the UK could end up coming out on top. Bookmakers Ladbrokes has predicted Sam Ryder has odds of 6/1 to go all the way in Italy. This makes the Space Man singer joint second-favourites with the host Italy. However, the Ukrainian entry remains the frontrunner with odds of 8/13. DON'T MISS...Matt Tebbutt hits out after being snubbed on BBC [INSIGHT]Virgin River season 4: Preacher set for new romance as wife joins cast [CAST]Escape to the Chateau’s Dick and Angel clashed on family decision [VIDEO]  Discussing the latest odds, Alex Apati of Ladbrokes said: "Things are going from strength to strength for Sam Ryder as far as the odds are concerned, we wouldn't at all be surprised to see him close the gap even further on Ukraine." Essex-born Sam, who is representing the UK with his track Space Man, shot to fame during the pandemic when he posted some of his music to TikTok. The singer decided to make use of the 2020 lockdown by sharing covers of pop songs to social media. The artist has covered tracks by the likes of Sia, Alicia Keys and Justin Bieber. Speaking to wiwibloggs after his second Eurovision rehearsal, Sam admitted what helps keep him going is his family and friends. “Just being around good friends, people all the time, having good support systems. These things are of course really easier said than done," the singer explained. “But you get what you put out. I think you attract friends and connections in your life that are similar to the energy that you transmit. I think that’s important.” The Eurovision Song Contest is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.