Ahead of the 2022 local elections, the Labour Party was forecast to make significant gains, owing to a fall in electoral support for the Conservatives driven by the ongoing partygate scandal. The polls gave Britons the chance to elect new representatives to local councils and reshape how their region is governed. As of 12.30pm on Friday, May 6, Labour has won 42 (+4) councils and 1,277 (+37) councillors in England, while in Scotland they’ve claimed 60 (+9) councillors. The Conservatives on the other hand have made losses both in England and Scotland. At present they’ve won 22 (-7) councils and 584 (-140) councillors in England, and won 50 (-13) councillors north of the border. In London, Labour has enjoyed particular success, making a number of symbolic captures from the Tories.  READ MORE: Priti Patel's migration plan set for remarkable results says new study For the first time since 1964, Sir Keir Starmer’s party is now in overall control of the council in Westminster. Labour also secured the boroughs of Wandsworth and Barnet in a significant blow to the Tories ambitions for the capital. But despite their successes, Labour has so far failed to re-take so-called ‘red wall’ areas which were lost during the last set of elections. They also lost control of Hull City Council to the Liberal Democrats, having previously clung to power there for more than a decade.  Sir Keir will likely be hoping the gains his party has made can spur them on to greater success at the next general election in May 2024. But with the results so far demonstrating fewer losses for the Tories than previously forecast, it remains to be seen whether Labour’s ambition could be fulfilled. Professor Kevin Featherstone, a politics academic at the London School of Economics and Political Finance, told Express.co.uk that while the local election results were disappointing for the Tories they’re “still not quite good enough for the opposition parties”. DON'T MISS: Lib Dems tease Boris after snatching Tory seats in Eastleigh [INSIGHT]Boris issues stark local election warning after Brits cast verdict [ANALYSIS]Tourist causes hysterics after calling London Underground 'confusing' [NEWS]  Dr Rod Dacombe, Director at the Centre for British Politics and Government from King’s College London, added that while the election results wouldn’t have done Sir Keir “any harm” they haven’t given him “the benefit of a resounding victory”. He said: “An 800 seat loss for the Conservatives would have served him that much better.” Nonetheless, Dr Dacombe said it’s his belief that if a general election was held in the near future that Sir Keir would be “confident” of winning. Though he countered the Labour leader would be “more confident” if a general election was held “towards the winter or early next year”.  He said: “The strange thing about the situation we’re in is that we haven’t had a decisive movement in the local elections one way or the other. “So, we’re basically left with exactly the same point we started with in terms of what do we know about polling data. "I think Labour will be fairly confident. Don’t forget they don’t need a Tony Blair 1997 style swing for the Conservatives to lose power. “The way the electoral map is looking they can potentially form a Government. “I think as things look at the moment, and we haven’t got anything near to a full set of results, the odds are looking at a hung Parliament. But again a lot can happen between now and a general election.” 