Erling Haaland's summer switch from Borussia Dortmund to Manchester City is now reportedly guaranteed amid claims that Pep Guardiola has reached an agreement 'in principal' to sign a new contract at the Etihad. The Catalan coach was due to leave at the end of next season, but his decision to stick around will supposedly serve as the final piece in the jigsaw to beat Real Madrid to Haaland's signature. Haaland was in high demand last summer after scoring 41 goals in his debut season with BVB. Interested parties opted to hold fire, however, upon learning that he would be available for his £63million release clause the following year. Manchester City and Real Madrid are the last two standing in pursuit of the Norwegian, and Los Blancos appear to be falling behind. The Sun now claim that a move to the Etihad is 'guaranteed' after Guardiola reached an agreement in principle to extend his stay at the club. The former Barcelona manager was due to leave at the end of next season and venture into international management. But fierce rival Jurgen Klopp signed an extension with Liverpool earlier this week, which seems to have spurred the Sky Blues boss into action. JUST IN: Liverpool and Arsenal 'keen on £80m Victor Osimhen transfer' with player open to move Guardiola's agreement will keep him at the Etihad until 2025, with the option to extend for a further year. If he sees it out, the 51-year-old will have spent a full decade with City - by far the longest stint he has served at any club as a manager. The assurance of a long-term player-manager partnership is seemingly enough to sway Haaland away from the Bernabeu's bright lights. There is still a hint of mystery about his prospects given that City have played without an orthodox striker, to great effect, for most of the last two seasons. DON'T MISS...Man Utd scouts watch Feyenoord defender with Ten Hag eager to make bidLiverpool player ratings vs Newcastle: Milner and usual suspect shineTottenham boss Conte labels Kane demand 'impossible' as Arsenal war looms The development will come as a double dose of fantastic news for City fans, who are desperate to land Haaland this summer and keen to see Guardiola stick around for as long as possible. The legendary coach has already won three Premier League titles and four domestic cups since taking the reins in 2016. Guardiola will hope to add another Premier League and a Champions League to that collection over the next few weeks, but he may have to topple Klopp and his rampant Liverpool side on both fronts. The pair often produce fireworks when their teams face off, and with plenty of respect flowing in both directions, it seems as though a few more lip-smacking battles are on the cards. "Jurgen has been, as a manager, the biggest rival I have had in my career," admitted Guardiola in April. "What both teams [Man City and Liverpool] propose is good for football, because both teams want to try to be ourselves. "It will be an incredible test [to beat Liverpool this season], but we are ready for the challenge." Meanwhile, Klopp claimed: "[Man City] are the best team in the world, but they are only one point ahead of us. So, obviously, we did something right, and I'm happy about that."