Zara Tindall’s husband Mike celebrated their shared dedication to good causes after she joined him on the field for the first time on his annual golf day. The pair couldn’t have looked happier to be together as they picked up their clubs and enjoyed the event. Mike was hosting the ninth ISPS Handa Celebrity Golf Classic last Friday at The Belfry, in Sutton Coldfield. Guests included Zara's brother Peter Phillips and his former wife Autumn, as well as TV presenters Denise Van Outen and Natalie Pinkham, former Westlife singer Brian McFadden and radio host Jenni Falconer. The event raised money for charity partners The Cure Parkinson's Trust and The Matt Hampson Foundation. Mr Tindall told of his joy golfing with Zara after she took up the sport this year. He said to Hello Magazine: "Zara has this year taken up golf with the Slingsby golf academy, so she is going to be hitting a few balls, but she also does a great job raising money through selling Mulligans around the course.” Mulligans, for those unfamiliar with golfing terminology, is a chance to retake a messed-up shot. A patron of Cancer Research UK and the Lucy Air Ambulance for Children, Zara is no stranger to charity work. The daughter of Princess Anne and Captain Mark Philips and an established equestrian and Olympian, Zara is also a patron of the Mark Davies Injured Riders Fund and posed for a portrait by artist Jack Vettriano to support Sport Relief 2008. READ MORE: 'Dangerous content' Harry issues warning for Archie and Lilibet [REVEAL] She has also appeared at events for The Caudwell Charitable Trust, which targets children with special needs, disabilities and serious illnesses. Mr Tindall shared his own love of charity work, saying: "My golf is a bit like the weather – changeable - but I really enjoy it and it's a great way to spend time with friends. "We are so lucky with the golf day and all the support we get from people coming back year after year. We are hugely grateful to everyone for helping us raise so much money for such important causes." The Rugby World Cup-winning player also told how he was inspired to raise money for the two causes after his father was diagnosed with Parkinson's in 2003. He said: "My dad has Parkinson's and I have watched as the condition has progressed, changing so much, and causing both him and my mum a lot of pain and heartache. “I want to do what I can to help research to find a cure for this awful condition so other families don't have to go through what we have. "Despite my dad's condition, I am really happy that he and my mum have managed to make the trip down again this year and take part in the day. “It means a lot to us all and it's great to be able to share it with them."