The Pension Lifetime Allowance is the amount a person can save throughout their lifetime without penalty. Exceeding the Lifetime Allowance means Britons become subject to a hefty tax charge. Many are dissatisfied with the way this process works, calling for change and a reconsideration of the matter. One of these individuals is Romi Savova, CEO of PensionBee, who is opposed to the Lifetime Allowance. Speaking at FT Adviser’s Later Life Summit, Ms Savova suggested the allowance should be scrapped. She said: “The challenge with the Lifetime Allowance is that it really penalises disciplined savers. READ MORE: Sunak 'at pains' to flag challenges as people urge state pension boost “If you do proactively contribute to your pension, the likelihood is that you will hit your Lifetime Allowance some time in your 50s.” Many Britons are now choosing to work much longer as attitudes towards working life have changed. Some will only feel comfortable retiring once they hit state pension age, currently 66. However, Ms Savova noted PensionBee is seeing many people contributing beyond their 50s and 60s. DON'T MISSState pensioners may get ‘bumper increase’ - but only from next year [UPDATE]Pensioners urged to brace as inflation hits ‘panic-inducing' levels [ANALYSIS]Pension warning as Britons could run out of money [INSIGHT] She added: “We would be in favour of an elimination of the Lifetime Allowance.” Instead, the pension expert said focus should be on the annual allowance. This limits how much a person can build up tax-free in their pension in one tax year while still benefiting from tax relief. At present, this is £40,000, and Britons will only pay tax if they go above the annual allowance. The Lifetime Allowance appears to be a hefty sum, currently standing at £1,073,100. However, it has also been frozen until 2026, dragging more into the tax net due to inflationary pressures. Usually, the Lifetime Allowance should increase in line with the consumer price index in this regard. HMRC data procured by InvestingReviews in a Freedom of Information request has shown 2,300 workers are still paying into their pension despite already exceeding the Lifetime Allowance. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Experts are fearful individuals are not aware of the penalty they could be careening towards. Simon Jones, CEO of Investing Reviews, added: “These numbers should serve as a huge wake-up call for pension holders across the country. “With the taxman poised to swoop on anyone breaching the lifetime allowance, it’s never been more important for people to plan ahead and see how they can avoid losing big chunks of their retirement pots.” An HM Treasury spokesperson told Express.co.uk: “The Lifetime Allowance was frozen to ensure the sustainability of the public finances. “The current threshold means savers can put over £1million into their pension completely tax-free.”