Footage of the test showed an attack on a cargo ship in the Gulf of Mexico that split the boat in half, sinking it in the process. The modified bomb was dropped by a US military F-15E Strike Eagle fighter on April 28, demonstrating how future forces would combat enemy ships in maritime warzones.    The US Air Force Research Laboratory (AFRL) and Eglin Air Force Base's Integrated Test Team worked together to produce the new missile. The new technology will allow the US Air Force to carry out torpedo-like kills, such as the ones performed by submarines, but at a fraction of the cost. It will also drastically reduce the danger of enemy retailliation, since submarines compromise their position after they have fired a torpedo. The test cargo ship was reduced to a pile of smoking rubble within seconds of the blast.    Appluading the success of the new bomb, ARFL programme manager Kirk Herzog said that the new bomb would leader to a “higher rate” of kills “over a much larger area”. He said: “A Navy submarine has the ability to launch and destroy a ship with a single torpedo at any time. “But the 'Quicksink' [Joint Capability Technology Demonstration] aims to develop a low-cost method of achieving torpedo-like kills from the air at a much higher rate and over a much larger area.” Colonel Tony Meeks, director of AFRL’s Munitions Directorate, added that the Quicksink is the “answer” to “an urgent need to neutralise maritime threats to freedom around the world”. READ MORE: West could 'incinerate' Russia - Putin's nuclear war facade torn apart [INSIGHT] A guidance kit entitled the Joint Direct Attack Munition was used to convert the Quicksink from an unguided bomb to an all-weather precision-guided munition. It has been purpose-built to engage moving targets with a GPS-assisted Interial Navigation System. The test missile detonated a GPS-navigated bomb underneath the cargo vessel. The mission was seen as a success as the US military looks to modernise maritime warfare. DON'T MISS: Biden demands £26billion to aid Ukraine's bitter survival battle [REVEAL]Biden set to approve a $33 BILLION war chest for Ukraine to help [REPORT] Gaffe-prone Joe Biden blasted over Ukraine speech 'We are so f***ked!' [REPORT]   While a US submarine is estimated to cost up to $2.8billion (£2.2 billion) per unit, a single F-15EX as used in the test costs roughly $88million (£70 million). And enemy warships are unlikely to possess armour underneath, with a minority of them boasting anti-air capability. US President Joe Biden pledged $1.32billion (£980million) towards funding for the new fighter jets and $133.5million (£106million) in advance for future aircraft purchases. The investments will mean that the US Air Force could maximise their kill rate on water at a fraction of the old cost.   