There is plenty still to play for in the Premier League throughout the entire table entering the final day of the season. Sunday's games will decide who are crowned champions, who will return to Champions League football, who will make up the other European places and who will suffer relegation to the Championship. At the top, Liverpool and Manchester City's incredible title race comes to a head, while Arsenal and Tottenham Hotspur fight for the right to bring Europe's elite competition back to north London. Express Sport runs through the latest injury news for all four clubs ahead of a blockbuster finale to a whirlwind campaign. While there are no confirmed absences for the visit of Wolves, doubts linger above the heads of three of Jurgen Klopp's most important stars. Klopp has stated he hopes Virgil van Dijk (groin), Fabinho (thigh) and Mohamed Salah (muscle) can at least make the bench to regain some match rhythm before next week's Champions League final. However, he admitted he couldn't guarantee that they would feature and stressed he wouldn't take any risks ahead of the Real Madrid clash in Paris. Joe Gomez's ankle injury is likely to keep him out of the game at Anfield, despite not being as bad as first feared. JUST IN: Arsenal warned off Danilo move as president makes 'nail it' promise Manchester City have missed Ruben Dias since Pep Guardiola suggested he would be ruled out of the remainder of the season. Aymeric Laporte (knock) and Fernandinho (muscles) didn't look 100 per cent after returning in last week's 2-2 draw at West Ham United, but Guardiola has received a huge boost ahead of Aston Villa's visit. Kyle Walker (ankle) and John Stones (muscle) have returned to training ahead of the crunch clash at the Etihad Stadium and could be re-introduced to the backline. There are question marks over Nathan Ake, though, who hasn't been fully fit while playing with an ankle problem. READ MORE: Man Utd staff have theory over Aaron Wan-Bissaka's failed spell Arsenal must beat Everton and hope Norwich City can pull off a shock victory over Tottenham Hotspur at Carrow Road. Kieran Tierney (knee) and Thomas Partey (thigh) will miss the game at the Emirates Stadium after being ruled out for the rest of the season. There are doubts over Takehiro Tomiyasu (muscle) after he limped out of Monday's 2-0 defeat against Newcastle United. Along with Tomiyasu, Ben White and Bukayo Saka haven't been spotted in training videos in the build-up to Everton's visit, sparking worry they could also miss out. Matt Doherty (knee), Oliver Skipp (groin), Sergio Reguilon (hamstring), Cristian Romero (hip) and Japhet Tanganga (knee) are all still out for Tottenham's trip to Norwich. And fears were heightened after rumours broke on Friday claiming there was a food poisoning outbreak at the club. The club confirmed them to be false, although Harry Kane dropped out of a public appearance on Friday after 'feeling unwell'. However, Antonio Conte has stated he is confident he will have his No 10 available for selection at Carrow Road. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.