Alexander Zverev has admitted he is “supposed to be” winning at his age after defeating Carlos Alcaraz in the French Open quarter-final. The German was touted as the next big thing when he broke through in 2017 but is yet to win a Grand Slam title five years on, and admitted the pressure is growing. Zverev reached his second-consecutive French Open semi-final with a 6-4 6- 4-6 7-6(7) win over Alcaraz, who was one of the favourites for the title alongside Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal. After getting one match closer to the title, the 25-year-old confessed that he felt he should already be winning the biggest titles. "I am not 21 anymore, I am 25. I'm at the age when I'm supposed to win,” he told reporters after the three hour and 18 minute quarter-final. “You still have the best players in the world here. Tennis is at a quite high level right now.” The world No 3 was perhaps conscious of his age because of the success his opponent has already had as a teenager. Alcaraz became the youngest man ever to win the Miami Open earlier this year aged 18, and was the youngest winner of the Madrid Masters earlier this month after turning 19. JUST IN: Djokovic defended by McEnroe after French Open fans boo Serb vs Nadal   Ahead of the French Open, Zverev had voiced his frustration at Alcaraz being a favourite for the title ahead of himself. But the German was full of praise for the world No 6 after their match and claimed it was “almost impossible” to beat him. "Alcaraz, it's almost impossible to beat him. I knew I had to play my best tennis from the beginning. With his level of confidence, it would have been difficult to come back,” he said. "I know I had to stay calm all the match long, whatever the score. Showing emotions takes your energy.” DON'T MISSToni Nadal slams 'illogical' French Open decision for Djokovic matchNadal retirement fears dispelled after 'last French Open' commentsDjokovic vs Nadal to be 'most important tennis match in last 10 years'   And the 25-year-old clearly thinks a lot of the Spanish teenager, as he admitted it was significant to get a win over Alcaraz as he added: “This was extremely high level. I had to win the match myself. He's one of the best, beating him at a Grand Slam it's important." Things will now get even more difficult for the third seed as he faces either Novak Djokovic or Rafael Nadal in Friday’s semi-final, and Zverev was well aware that he had a tough task ahead but refused to pick a winner between the two legends of the sport. "Now I have the No 1 in the world or the 13-time winner here. Things don't get easier. Let's just enjoy their match now, it's going to be very special.” 