Princess Charlene, 44, made a rare appearance today as she continues her return to public life after spending months in her home country of South Africa, recovering from illness. Today’s appearance was one of the first times the Princess has been seen in public since French media claimed she is receiving a whopping £10million a year to attend events with her husband. Charlene often attends sporting events with her family and was seen earlier this month at the Sainte Devote Rugby Tournament in Monaco. The occasion was only the second time royal fans had seen the Princess in public this year, and today’s surprise appearance was Charlene’s fourth of the year. This is because the South African-born former swimmer has only just moved back to Monaco after recovering from an illness, and is gradually returning to royal life. Charlene was seen last month with her children and husband for the first time since November, after spending time in a treatment facility for exhaustion, according to reports. READ MORE: Meghan slammed for 'wiping Harry's face' in new California pics Today, the Princess joined her husband, Prince Albert, at the Formula One in Monte Carlo, where the couple greeted drivers Max Verstappen and Sebastian Vettel. Charlene has attended the Formula One before – receiving a kiss on the cheek from Lewis Hamilton back in 2019. The 44-year-old looked ravishing this afternoon as she walked beside her husband wearing a navy blue tunic dress adorned with a black and white rectangular pattern. She paired this unique garment with a pair of slim-leg white jeans and black heels. DON'T MISS: Sophie Wessex maintains slim figure through 'diet of plant-based food' [INSIDER]'Enjoys the status' Prince Harry 'living his best life' in US [EXPERT]Princess Anne's engagement ring is opposite to the Queen's [ROYAL JEWELLERY] The Princess’ peroxide blonde hair was cut short and dark sunglasses were perched on her head. She wore a layer of foundation, lashings of black mascara, and a red lip. As for jewellery, Charlene kept her look simple with diamond stud earrings. Although Charlene and Albert walked close to one another, the pair did not hold hands.  They also met with actor Patrick Dempsey, and Charlene gave both Max Verstappen and Sebastian Vettel a kiss on the cheek when she greeted them. Since making her return to royal public life last month, Charlene spoke to French publication Nice Matin about how she has been feeling in the wake of her long absence. The interview was published earlier this week. The Princess said: “When I returned to the Principality, I focused all my energy on my children, my husband and my health because they are my priority. “My state of health is still fragile and I don’t want to go too fast. The road has been long, difficult, and so painful. Today I feel calmer. “I am very happy to be back home in Monaco and with my family. I received so many positive and warm messages when I was away from Monaco and I thank them for their support.” The interview came following a public appearance Charlene made with her daughter, Princess Gabriella, on Tuesday, May 24, when the duo attended the Monte Carlo Fashion Awards. It was Gabriella’s first official royal engagement. Since resuming her duties as Princess, French media has reported Charlene returned to Monaco because Prince Albert paid her to do so. French magazine Voici reported: “The Princess did not return at any price. She would have had her husband sign an ultra-confidential contract.” The publication went on to say the contract’s price was “€12million per year”, or £10.2million.