The Government has pledged more than £1billion to accelerate the development of electric vehicle charging infrastructure around the UK, but some drivers are still anxious about EV range. According to a new report, one quarter of survey respondents said EV chargepoint downtime was costing them over £90,000 a year. A third of drivers believe that “maintenance and repair costs” were the top challengers for EV infrastructure. Businesses are also worried about failing to maintain the EV chargepoints, as well as a potential loss of revenue, with 35 percent identifying this as a concern. Despite EV charging technology developing massively, there is a clear need for companies managing EV chargepoints to ensure their network is operating well. The report, from Yotta, also stressed the importance of ensuring the up-time of the chargers is at a maximum and any issues are addressed quickly and easily. READ MORE: Driver is fined £100 for waiting just eight minutes More than nine in 10 UK businesses already have a budget in place for EV chargepoint management. The report continues, saying: “The UK Government is set to ban the sale of new petrol and diesel cars from 2030 as part of its drive to cut emissions to net zero by 2050. "That’s helping to give rise to a burgeoning market for electric vehicles and a rapidly-expanding network of electric vehicle (EV) charge points. “Driving this market still further, the government is now investing in what it hopes will be one of the best electric vehicle (EV) infrastructure networks in the world: a network that will be affordable and accessible both for current and for prospective future EV drivers.” DON'T MISSElderly driver vows to fight parking fine after blue badge row [SHOCKING]Car seller catches scammers pouring engine oil into BMW [INSIGHT]Driver fined £293 for driving under 60mph on motorway [OUTRAGEOUS] Data from the SMMT shows that a full, zero emission-capable UK new car market will require 1.7 million public charge points by the end of the decade and 2.8 million by 2035. In line with this, a raft of private sector companies will be involved in the installation and management of EV charge points over the coming years. This comes as the number of EVs being rescued by the AA for being “out of charge” have halved from eight percent of breakdowns to under four percent. Around half of that four percent have not actually run out, but the AA has been called out as the EV was low on charge. Edmund King, AA president, said: “In 20 years of driving EVs I have only run out of charge once. “My first EV was a Ford Think! Car with a 37-mile range and I once tried to drive from central London to St Albans on a dark, rainy night and didn’t quite make it. “Yes, there have been occasions when I have been low on charge or come across chargers out-of-order, but it is hard to run out. “Most EVs will flash up an orange ‘check your charging’ warning when around 20 percent, others will change your sat nav route to take in chargers or put the car into ‘range’ mode. “If the worst comes to the worst, the AA can always help you out. Drivers shouldn’t get hung up about range anxiety because it doesn’t match reality. “Of course, improvements can and are being made to the charging infrastructure but a little planning can take you a very long way. “We are also now seeing EVs with much longer ranges and most new EVs can do at least 250 miles.” In comparison, Norway, which has a much higher concentration of EVs than the UK, the percentage of out of charges is just one percent.