A professional golfer has been banned from attending football matches for three years after pleading guilty to making Nazi salutes. Daniel Garner, who played three events on the PGA Tour in 2021, made the gestures towards supporters of Rapid Vienna when the Austrian side played West Ham United in a Europa League match last September.  The 26-year-old appeared before magistrates in Stratford, and was fined £166 for the incident. More significantly, he was issued with a banning order that will prevent him from attending matches in England and Wales for three years. Garner, from Hornchuch in east London, is also barred from attending any England matches and will be required to hand his passport over to the police when the national team plays abroad. The Crown Prosecution Service [CPS] called his conduct "insulting and inciteful." Goals from Declan Rice and Said Benrahma gave West Ham a 2-0 win over Vienna in what was their opening UEFA Europa League Group H game. The tie was played in front of 50,000 fans at London Stadium, with the Hammers eventually going on to make the semi-finals where they were beaten by Eintracht Frankfurt. JUST IN: TV reporter 'covered in blood' and hospitalised after wayward PGA Championship shot According to a report on bunkered.co.uk, Nosheen Hussain, from the CPS, said: "Football fans from any country should never have to tolerate abusive behaviour. The prosecution case included CCTV footage which clearly showed Garner making offensive Nazi salutes toward Austrian fans." She also explained that the Hornchurch man attributed his behaviour to alchocol: "During police interview, he claimed to be intoxicated but this is no excuse for such vile behaviour," she continued. "The CPS will always aim to prosecute those who seek to cause harassment.” DON'T MISS:Phil Mickelson reputation ruined after historic PGA Championship win - 'He paid the price'Rory McIlroy's heartfelt message to young daughter sparks PGA day one masterclassScottie Scheffler's rise to world No 1 culminating in 2022 Masters triumph Garner played the Orida Championship, The Eagle Orchid Scottish Masters, and the IFX Championship last year. He missed the cut on all three occasions. He also played at Qualifying School, an event supported by Sky Sports. He finished one over par at Romford Golf Club, following rounds of 72 and 73.