More than a third of people in the UK are already running their own side hustles, earning an average of £5,000 extra a year, according to data from Simply Business. Mum of two Charlotte told Express.co.uk how her side hustle is “an absolute godsend” enabling her to earn £200 a day. While the cost of living crisis continues to dominate the headlines, sites like Airtasker are witnessing a higher demand for people with unusual skills. Airtasker is a local services marketplace that connects people who need work competed with skilled people. Right now, people are specifically looking for taskers to help with Queen’s Jubilee parties and they are willing to pay hundreds of pounds for their help. Mum of two, Charlotte told Express.co.uk how she has cottoned onto this surge in demand and set up her own face painting profile. She said: ”I felt like I was missing a trick before but now I can easily find work through Airtasker - it’s an absolute godsend." READ MORE: Rishi Sunak 'plotting income tax cut within MONTHS' It’s a good job she did - Charlotte can earn between £150 to £200 for a party which has certainly made a difference to the family’s finances. She said :”I felt like I was missing a trick before but now I can easily find work through Airtasker - it’s an absolute godsend. “Making the most of my spare time during lockdown, I practised face painting, ranging from full facial pieces, children's and print designs. “I'm excited to offer Platinum Jubilee designs including Union Jack designs, along with different crowns and ‘70th’ styling to embellish the designs.” DON'T MISSSantander is offering savings rates of 2.5% and you only need £1 [UPDATE]Man shocked after receiving false energy bill over £15,000 [ALERT]'I never thought I’d be so poor’ Pensioner shares money saving tips [INSIGHT] In a typical month, the full time mum could make £360 extra using Airtasker. She added: “The thought of having extra cash coming in really helps with the rise in inflation, energy bills etc. going through the roof. “Discovering Airtasker and knowing that there is a way that I could make a bit of extra cash on the side has been a godsend. “My designs range from full facial pieces, children's, and print designs.” In April, Airtasker saw a 42 percent increase in tasks posted throughout the month, showing a strong spike in demand from customers who need jobs done. Its research shows that £1.7billion will be spent by Brits on Platinum Jubilee weekend. Jubilee-specific tasks are popular on the platform including one customer who is looking for someone to create a balloon display for a £400 fee. Airtasker’s research shows Brits are prepared to pay an average of £114 for help with Jubilee-related tasks for kids' entertainment, face painters and caterers.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea While it's free to sign up to the platform, Airtasker will take 20 percent for each task completed. However, people who sign up before May 29 could receive a £100 bonus when they complete five tasks. Tim Fung, co-founder of Airtasker, told Express.co.uk: “The Platinum Jubilee is all about people coming together to celebrate this historic milestone. “With plenty of street parties and planned social events, London will be buzzing so this is a great chance for Brits to offer their skills and earn cash ahead of the Jubilee weekend.”