Condemnation after 19 young children and two adults were killed in a shooting at a primary school in south Texas, United States, has been widespread. The TalkTV presenter was one among a myriad of celebrities to share a plea asking for change in America's gun legislation. He said on Twitter: "Absolutely horrendous. I don’t know what else to say about these endless US gun massacres – it's for Americans to resolve but where is the will?" The shooting is the latest horror in the long history of gun violence in the US. This year alone, there have been at least 39 shootings in schools, colleges and universities – resulting in at least 10 deaths and 51 injuries. Mr Morgan added: "Nothing was done after Sandy Hook to stop another school massacre like that [from] happening again. It's now happened again." A 20-year-old gunman killed 20 children and six adults at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut, in December 2012. Robb Elementary School, the scene of Tuesday's violence, teaches nearly 500 pupils aged seven to 10. A predominantly Hispanic school, it sits in the city of Uvalde, around 85 miles west of the city of San Antonio. READ MORE: Biden savaged over inaction to tackle gun violence Local media report the suspect, an 18-year-old whom Texas Governor Greg Abbott referred to as Salvador Ramos, may have been a high school student in the area. Mr Abbott said the teenager abandoned a vehicle before entering the school to "horrifically, incomprehensibly" open fire. He was killed by law enforcement after, officials said. Pete Arredondo, Uvalde Consolidated Independent School District Chief of Police, said the shooting began at 11.32am local time, and that investigators believe the attacker "did act alone during this heinous crime". The suspect had a handgun, an AR-15 semi-automatic rifle and high-capacity magazines, investigators said. It is being investigated whether he shot his grandmother before the rampage. In a grim parallel, the Sandy Hook gunman shot and killed his mother before he drove to Sandy Hook. A furious Mr Morgan added on his social media appeal: "Schoolchildren being slaughtered in their classrooms should not be a political issue. "Please, America, stop the partisan bulls**** and do something to stop it." President Joe Biden delivered a speech at the White House on Tuesday evening with First Lady Jill Biden, herself a teacher, by his side. He asked: "When in God's name are we going to do what we know in our gut needs to be done? "It's been 3,448 days — almost 10 years — since I stood up at a grade school in Connecticut where another gunman massacred 26 people, including 20 first-graders, at Sandy Hook elementary school. "Since then, there have been over 900 incidents of gunfire reported on school grounds." Saying he was "sick and tired of it", he told a television briefing: "Don't tell me we can't have an impact on this carnage. "I spent my career as a senator and vice president working to pass common-sense gun laws. "We can't and won't prevent every tragedy, but we know [these laws] work and have positive impact – when we passed the assault weapons ban, mass shootings went down. When the law expired, mass shootings tripled." DON'T MISSLorraine Kelly hits out at Biden after Texas school shooting [INSIGHT]'Unbelievably grim' Dan Walker reacts to Texas massacre [ANALYSIS]Steve Kerr shakes in anger in speech over Texas shooting [REPORT] He continued: "The idea that an 18-year-old kid can walk into a gun store and buy two assault weapons is just wrong. What in God's name do you need an assault weapon for, except to kill someone?" Proposals to overhaul gun laws face steep challenges at the federal level. However, there are some areas of bipartisan agreement. Something significant being looked at in Congress is a House-passed bill called the Enhanced Background Checks Act of 2021 (HR 1446). Backed by Democratic Representative Jim Clyburn of South Carolina, it would close what is known as the "Charleston loophole", which allows some licensed gun sales to happen before a required background check is done. The legislation would increase the amount of time that a federal firearms licensee must wait to receive a completed background check before transferring a firearm to an unlicensed person from three business days to a minimum of 10. A gunman used that loophole to legally purchase a firearm to kill nine people at a church in Charleston, South Carolina, in 2015. Senate Democrats took steps on Tuesday night to place the bill onto the legislative calendar so it can be voted on. In his remarks in the wake of the Texas school shooting, Mr Biden implored lawmakers to "turn this pain into action". According to Democratic Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut, who has pushed for gun safety legislation since the Sandy Hook shooting, members of Congress should be held accountable and vote "so that the public knows where every one of us stand". When asked by reporters about bipartisan agreement, he said: "I think there may well be areas of agreement. I have come close to agreement with a number of my colleagues on a red flag statute."