Meghan Markle and her husband, Prince Harry, are expected to return to the UK for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations this weekend. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex confirmed their attendance earlier this month, saying they were “excited and honoured” to be marking the milestone with the Queen. Their return had been the subject of mass speculation as just weeks before, Harry told NBC’s Hoda Kotb that he did not know whether he and his family would be in attendance. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** While they will appear in some events, it has been confirmed that the Sussexes will not appear on the Buckingham Palace balcony during the Trooping the Colour on Thursday, as only working members of the Royal Family will be accompanying the Queen to watch the flypast. They are expected to attend the Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral on Friday, but details of their involvement during the celebratory weekend are yet to be confirmed, reportedly causing “frustration” among the Jubilee organisers. Hilary Rose, writer and columnist, wrote for The Times: “Exactly where the Sussexes will pop up and when is as yet unclear, and said to be a source of frustration to jubilee organisers. “The fact that they’re coming at all is something of a miracle, given that it’s little more than a year since Meghan told Oprah her life in England made her suicidal and only a matter of months since Harry was suing the British government over his security arrangements.” During their now-infamous interview with Oprah Winfrey, Meghan opened up on her struggles with mental health, namely that she faced suicidal thoughts during her time as a working royal. The revelation came when Oprah asked the duchess about the toll the media’s treatment — paired with the “lack of support and lack of understanding” from the Firm — took on her. Meghan had not returned to the UK for two years, until she and Harry made a secret stop-off on their way to the Netherlands for the Invictus Games in April. Their visit came amid the duke’s legal battle with the Home Office over a decision that prevents him from paying for his own police protection while in the UK. Harry had previously said he “does not feel safe” bringing his family to his home country without said protection. However, to mark the Jubilee, Meghan and Harry will return to the UK with their two children — Archie Harrison, three, and Lilibet Diana, who turns one on Saturday — and it has been reported that “heightened security measures” are already being put in place at Frogmore Cottage where the family are expected to stay during their visit. Ms Rose claims that their close proximity to the Queen’s primary residence — Windsor Castle — suggests the Sussexes may join the monarch’s convoy to London. She wrote: “Sussex HQ when they fly in this week will be Frogmore Cottage, which is a convenient ten-minute stroll from the Queen’s apartments at Windsor Castle and raises the possibility that they will join the Queen’s convoy when it heads into London.” Speculation regarding whether Harry and Meghan will ever return to the fold was reignited when it emerged that the couple had renewed their lease on the Windsor property. DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry given olive branch with 'surprise balcony appearance' [REVEAL] Meghan's 'political gesture' analysed - 'First Lady' mannerism exposed [INSIGHT] Prince Harry 'very much enjoying' Netflix cameras ahead of Jubilee [ANALYSIS] Following their departure from the Firm, Harry’s cousin, Princess Eugenie and her husband, Jack Brooksbank, moved into Frogmore Cottage. But the couple have since left the cottage and will be splitting their time between the picturesque Portuguese coast and London. This move alongside Harry and Meghan’s lease renewal could suggest that the property is remaining empty ready for the Sussexes to spend more time in the UK. An insider told The Sun on Sunday: “It is quite a signal that they aren’t going to disappear. “They could easily give up Frogmore as their life’s now in California. "They can now come and go any time they please. “The coming year could be one of the most tumultuous in royal history and the Sussexes are making sure they have a foothold in Windsor.” If you are struggling and have suicidal thoughts, know you are not alone and that help is available. Please contact any one of the following. In the UK, you can call the Samaritans free on 116 123 (the number will not appear on your telephone bill) or email jo@samaritans.org. In America, The National Suicide Prevention Lifeline is a network of more than 160 crisis centres that provide a 24-hour-a-day service via a free hotline on 00-1-800-273-8255. Lifeline is a national charity providing all Australians experiencing a personal crisis with access to 24-hour crisis support and suicide prevention services. Call 13-11-14. Help is ALWAYS available. If you need it, reach out.