Tax codes are assigned by HMRC to ensure that people pay the correct amount of tax, but errors in this system can occur. If left unchecked for too long, Britons may find they have paid far more than necessary over the years, or potentially underpaid their tax dues accidentally. Which? suggested Britons to check their tax code each year or after changing jobs to ensure it is correct. They added that paying unnecessary tax due to the incorrect tax code could see people receiving a rebate from HMRC. One scenario in which someone may realise they’ve had the wrong tax code is changing jobs and being on an emergency tax code. If their new employer doesn’t have a P45, or they’ve recently had a salary change or stopped taxable benefits could all impact this. Which? shared: “For example, basic-rate taxpayers given an emergency tax code that excludes their personal allowance could pay an extra £2,514 in the 2022-23 tax year.” READ MORE: Couple in shock as they realise they've spent £2,000 on just one trip to museum Reena Sewraz, Which? Money Expert said: “Many people are feeling financial pressure at the moment as soaring energy and food prices, as well as tax hikes, have put a huge strain on household budgets. “However, there are steps you can take to save money on tax. “It is always worth doing a quick check to make sure you’re on the right tax code - if this is incorrect you could be eligible for reduced tax or a refund from HMRC.” Tax codes are usually displayed on a persons’ payslip, alongside their pay or pension information. People who have received a coding notice from HMRC can find their code there, as well as on the P60 they receive after the end of the tax year or the P45 if they have changed jobs. Tax codes are made up of an array of letters and numbers, each of which indicates something about the persons’ tax liability. The number 1257 is the most common as it shows how much personal allowance one has in the tax year before their income becomes liable. Currently the personal allowance is £12,570, which is why many employees will have the 1257 number on their tax code. The letters on one’s tax code indicates any further allowances one can receive and the tax rate they should be charged. Which? recommended that people who believe their tax code is wrong should contact HMRC, as the responsibility to ensure a tax code is correct is on the taxpayer themselves. If a person realises they have overpaid tax HMRC will usually inform them of a refund via post. Usually people are paid back via a tax code adjustment, which sees them pay less tax and essentially receive more of their wages. However, if the tax refund is due for a previous tax year Britons will usually be sent a cheque. For those who have underpaid tax as a result of having the incorrect code will likely have to pay it back. This could be done by getting an emergency tax code or issuing a tax bill. The following letters in a tax code all signify different things: