Officers have cordoned off buildings within a 400m area on Cumbrian Way, off Wawne Road in Bransholme, Kingston upon Hull, after the suspicious package was found. Residents are standing in the streets as the services investigate the situation. The area remains sealed as the bomb disposal unit is on its way. Police officers are restricting access to the area to all residents. The evacuation began shortly after 11am. Police vehicles and ambulances are at the scene. As the roads remain closed, traffic is disrupted and buses diverted. Stagecoach East Midlands, the transportation operator, announced diversions of two bus routes. In a post on Twitter, it said: "Due to operational difficulties in the North Bransholme area, service 2/2a & service 7 will be diverted outbound along Pennine Way to Hilltop Farm/Wawne and Inbound in reverse. "We apologise for any inconvenience to our customers." In a statement, Humberside Police said: "Officers issued a 100 metre safety cordon on Welshpool Close, Bransholme, following the discovery of a suspicious package earlier today (Saturday, May 14). "The cordon has now been extended to 400 metres whilst awaiting EOD to arrive at the scene to examine the item. "Evacuations are taking place and residents are being advised of the procedures to follow. Please avoid the area until we are able to advise otherwise." One resident of the area told Hull Live: "It's a jerry can, we were told it had a cable and maybe a device attached. "We were then evacuated." Another resident, clearly furious about the disruption and the dangerous situation, said he was evacuated from his home by the police shortly after 11 am. He said: "From the sound of it, it's one of our neighbours who's been targeted. "[The bomb] was slap bang outside my garden. "Whether it's real or not, it's disgusting." And he added: "Whoever's done it, whether it's some sick joke or not, it's horrible for everybody. "If it is real that's really worrying - I've got kids. I want to know who's done it." At about 4pm, most of the emergency services had left the area. However, the streets remained closed as the operation continues.