Meghan Markle is set to return to the UK for the first time since stepping down as a senior royal in March 2020. But the Duchess of Sussex could change her mind last minute and choose not to return after receiving bad publicity for her visit to Texas, royal expert Neil Sean has claimed. Speaking on his YouTube channel, Mr Sean claimed: "Apparently Meghan knows that the public over here particularly in London and the surrounding areas are not too keen on her return. "This could work in favour because with days to go for her return back to the Platinum Jubilee. "All this negative and bad publicity from the visit to Texas means that she pulls the plug on her return to London. "If you think about it, this happened before and Prince Harry returned back for the unveiling of his late mother, the statue of Diana. "Then they both decided to stay away for security reasons for Prince Philip's memorial service." READ MORE: Harry and Meghan's plans for Lilibet's first birthday revealed Meghan laid flowers at a memorial for the 19 children and two teachers killed in a school shooting in Texas. She was pictured placing a bouquet of white roses tied with a purple ribbon at one of the crosses put up in honour of the victims near the site of the massacre. A spokesperson for the duchess said she took the trip in a personal capacity as a mother to offer her condolences and in-person support to a community in grief. Meghan was also pictured looking down at the white crosses bearing the names of those who lost their lives to the gunman's rampage at Robb Elementary School in the small town of Uvalde. She laid her flowers near the cross of 10-year-old Uziyah Garcia, which had the words "you will be missed" written on it, according to the Los Angeles Times. Meghan, who lives in California, was not accompanied by husband Harry during her visit to the memorial. She was wearing a baseball cap, T-shirt, jeans and trainers. On Tuesday, 18-year-old Salvador Ramos used a semi-automatic rifle to shoot pupils and teachers in the deadliest school attack since 20 children and six adults were killed at Sandy Hook Elementary in Newtown, Connecticut, in 2012. The gunman barricaded himself in a classroom and opened fire until police eventually broke in and shot him dead. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry 'trying to control' Jubilee narrative after snub [INSIGHT]Prince Harry and Meghan's new TV show 'smacks of desperation' [VIDEO]Prince Andrew broke Philip's memorial plans by escorting Queen [ANALYSIS] However, Thomas’ hospital admission has renewed pressure on Meghan to reconcile with her father, but one royal expert claimed a reunion is unlikely. Duncan Larcombe, a royal author and former royal editor for the Sun, told The Daily Beast: "Meghan hasn’t released any statement and I doubt she intends to go down there. "That bridge is burned. If you look at what he did before the wedding, that’s hardly surprising. "He has claimed it was naivety, but it was clearly duplicitous."