New Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag appears to be prioritising making Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong one of his first signings at the club. The pair worked together at Ajax, and reports are circulating that the manager is keen to reunite with his former player. With Paul Pogba, Jesse Lingard and Juan Mata all out of contract this summer and Nemanja Matic expected to be sold, United’s midfield is set to be incredibly short of depth. Therefore, it is no surprise that Ten Hag is already eying up top-quality reinforcements. But according to Spanish journalist Gerard Romero, via Diablos Rojos, the manager is having to try and convince De Jong to join him at Old Trafford. Ten Hag is apparently calling the Barca star every day because the Netherlands international does not want to leave the Camp Nou outfit, but United and Barca are working on a deal all the same. De Jong has made 31 La Liga appearances so far this season, scoring three and assisting three, and appears to be sold on the project in Spain. Manager Xavi has also spoken out about his desire to keep the 25-year-old. JUST IN: Ten Hag’s likely response as Man Utd board want decision made on trio He said: “I haven't talked with him about his future. He is playing at a very good level and has to continue here – he can be one of the best midfielders in the world for years to come. “If it were up to me, I would continue here for many more years. He is very important and can mark an era here. He has to score, assist and he has to be the protagonist.” DON'T MISS  United will certainly have a plethora of transfer targets if De Jong does decide to snub the club if an agreement is reached with Barcelona, but the revelations certainly highlight where Ten Hag’s priorities lie – the centre of the park. The move for the former Eredivisie star could also be a sign of what Red Devils’ supporters can expect moving forward, with the manager looking to sign players that he has already worked with previously. Jurrien Timber of Ajax is another player linked with a move to The Theatre of Dreams. Ten Hag has been vocal in his praise for the central defender since it was announced that he was becoming United boss and may have already sewn seeds in the mind of the Netherlands international.