Before portraying the Dutton Ranch’s manager Rip Wheeler for the past four years on Yellowstone, US star Cole Hauser was best known for his supporting roles in some popular Hollywood films. The television star recently revealed his role was in danger after a mishap on the set of the last feature film he shot before joining the Paramount Network series. Cole has recalled the serious back injury he sustained on the set of wrestling drama The Last Champion. The current Yellowstone regular starred as ex-Olympian John Wright whose multiple scandals surface when he returns to his hometown. Although the feature film was released in 2020, it was actually shot before Cole joined Kevin Costner, Kelly Reilly and Wes Bentley in Taylor Sheridan’s modern cowboy drama. His demanding role in the series, which includes frequent, long horseback rides, was put at risk after he fell off a horse and broke his back. READ MORE: Ozark showrunner addresses hopes for spin-off as fans slam ending However, he discovered riding a horse again was actually the perfect physical therapy to recover from his injury. “F**k it, you just gotta get back on the horse and do it,” he said. Cole’s perseverance meant he soon got over his injury, and the horseback exercise actually sped up his return to full strength. He told Men’s Journal: “My back was so bad I couldn’t move around very well, and so I lost strength in my stomach.” “What riding ended up doing is strengthening my back and my core.” Although his on-screen character is shown on a horse in practically every episode of Yellowstone, Cole had to build his riding skills from the ground up when he took on the role. He spent hours training with a horse and rope, and confirmed the demanding exercise was all he needed to get into shape for the part. Despite several years of practice, he also admitted the long ride he takes before each season of Yellowstone starts filming leaves him with severe aches and pains the following morning. DON'T MISS:Boris Johnson loses patience as Susanna interrupts in GMB interview [VIDEO]Dan Walker shares thank you as he confirms BBC leaving date [UPDATE]Outlander season 6 finale leaves fans divided as Claire’s fate unknown [REACTION] While he has had his struggles with horses in the past, Cole is actually more similar to his performance as the tough-as-nails rancher as fans might think. When asked if he shared Rip’s propensity for fights, he joked: “Does a bear s**t in the woods? “I’ve probably been in one on every continent. I don’t think there’s anything wrong with fighting. “Sometimes I’m just tired of words, so let’s beat the s**t out of each other.” “Maybe at the end of it you’ll buy me a Guinness and I’ll buy you a Bushmills, and we’ll be done. It’s kind of what guys do.” It won’t be long before Cole is back on the horse and practising his right hooks again, as Yellowstone is expected to head back into production for its fifth season later this year. Unfortunately, his co-star Gil Birmingham admitted there may be a bit of a wait for the next episodes as he claimed the cast hasn’t been given the new scripts yet. In the meantime, prequel series 1883 is still available for Yellowstone fans who are keen to see a different side to the Dutton saga. Yellowstone is available on Paramount Plus in the USA and is available in the UK on Pluto TV.