Only this time it is different – this time unionism is united against the protocol which has caused such disturbance to life in NI, and therefore warm words and encouragement from Boris Johnson will not cut it. Back in September last year shortly after becoming the leader of the DUP, Sir Jeffrey Donaldson warned that if the protocol was not dealt with in a meaningful way that action would have to be taken at Stormont as the Belfast Agreement, the very basis of power-sharing was being damaged. He was largely ignored by both the Westminster Government and the EU. Unionists have long expected a deaf ear from the EU as the EU has used and abused NI to punish the UK for having the temerity to leave the EU club, and indeed they have misrepresented the Belfast Agreement in a most egregious way. It was, however, foolish and reckless for HMG to ignore what was being said in stark terms by the largest community and their representatives, - all of their representatives. Since that speech, we have had street protests and the withdrawal of unionist ministers from North-South bodies. Then in February the First Minister resigned from the Executive, meaning that the effective cabinet of NI could no longer operate. Then came the election to the Assembly on 5th May. For the first time, a separatist party, (Sinn Fein) which seeks to abolish Northern Ireland became the largest party thereby having the right to appoint a First Minister. The second-largest party was the DUP who now have the right to hold the deputy First Minister position in this joint office. The DUP have, however, decided as SF did for three years in 2017 not to nominate the Deputy First Minister, until the protocol which has damaged the basis of power-sharing is dealt with. In 2017 Sinn Fein would not nominate because they demanded an Irish Language Act, to give more rights to those who use the Irish language to communicate. Eventually, they settled for a language and cultural package which will see rights for those from the Ulster-Scots community as well as Irish language activists. This legislation is to be taken through Parliament in the coming months as a result of an agreement in January 2020 called New Decade, New Approach.  This was a comprehensive agreement which covered many areas including the promise to protect the internal market of the United Kingdom. But whilst the language and culture issues are going to be legislated for soon, the protection of the internal market of the UK has been made the sacrificial lamb to the EU. We have been told, over these past few weeks, that the Government are going to act. We were also told that last summer in the Government command paper and last autumn before the Owen Patterson vote in Parliament took the focus elsewhere. So don’t expect the DUP or unionism, in general, to act on the word of the PM. Regrettably because of past actions they won’t. Who can forget the PM’s promise about no border in the Irish Sea? It wasn’t delivered and instead, we got a border with bells on. I still don’t blame the PM solely for broken promises as he was under duress from a recalcitrant EU and an even more bullish Irish Government who saw their chance and took it whatever the consequences for NI. But now Boris Johnson has a chance to put things right. Will he take that chance? Will he ignore the naysayers and protect the sovereignty of NI? Will he make good eventually on his promise to ensure that the internal market of the UK is protected? Only time will tell, but its only actions this time which will make the difference and not words.