Stranger Things will be returning to Netflix for its fourth and final season on May 27. The explosive finale will be split into two parts, with the final three episodes being feature-length. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about how season three ended and how it sets up the story for season four. The season three finale built up to the unforgettable Battle of Starcourt that saw Eleven (played by Millie Bobby Brown) and the gang take on the relentless Mind Flayer. Billy Hargrove (Dacre Montgomery) had been possessed by the demonic creature and was out to kill, working as the Mind Flayer's minion. El is able to use her powers to enter Billy's mind and free him of the creature's control. However, it had heartbreaking consequences as Billy decided to sacrifice himself to save his sister Max (Sadie Sink) and her friends. Season four is set six months after the Battle of Starcourt, which brought terror and destruction to Hawkins. Max is struggling to cope with losing her brother, as she cared for him despite their differences. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Max Turner's boyfriend unmasked At the end of the third season, El was stripped of her extraordinary abilities that had kept her friends alive. Fans were left in shock as she was wounded following the intense battle with the Mind Flayer. The beast attacked her leg and it caused her powers to disappear for good, as it was suggested the creature infected her blood. Fans will be wondering whether Eleven gets her powers back as imminent danger threatens the gang once more. Without her telekinetic abilities and super strength, her friends will be forced to fend for themselves. With Hawkins now a dangerous place for El to be, she was forced to leave her home and her friends behind. She and Joyce Byers (Winona Ryder) felt they had nothing left after the supposed death of Jim Hopper (David Harbour) as he tried to close the gate to the Upside Down. El's boyfriend Mike Wheeler (Finn Wolfhard) was forced to stay behind as El went to live in California with the Byers family. Season four will offer insight into how the move has impacted El's relationship with Mike. The trailer for the new season shows how El has been writing heartfelt letters to Mike, but they may not be as truthful as she suggests. DON'T MISS... Raven Owen: How old is Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen's daughter? [INSIGHT] Is this the last season of Stranger Things? [EXPLAINER] Stranger Things’ Nancy star pays sweet tribute to Winona Ryder [DISCUSSION] Fans were devastated when they believed Hopper had been killed trying to close the gate. Knowing it was the only way to save Hawkins, he told Joyce to activate the machine which would close the portal. Hopper seemed to evaporate into thin air when the gate closed, with Joyce presuming he had been killed. However, the first look at season four revealed Hopper was actually alive in a Russian prison. Season four will undoubtedly see Hopper try to escape so he can prove to Joyce and El he is alive after all. Fan favourite character Dustin Henderson (Gaten Matarazzo) shocked his friends when they discovered he was telling the truth about having a girlfriend. Suzie (Gabriella Pizzolo), from Salt Lake City, is a certified genius who met Dustin at a camp for children with a passion for technology. She helped save the day in season three and has been confirmed to play an important role in the upcoming episodes. With El's powers non-existent, Suzie's hacking skills will be an essential backup for the gang. Fans are hoping to see Dustin and his love reunite in person again before the series ends. Part 1 of Stranger Things season 4 will air on Netflix on May 27.