Aaron Ramsey admits he holds regret over missing Arsenal's Europa League final against Chelsea three years ago. Ramsey sat out of the match in Baku in 2019 due to injury but he now has the chance to make up for that with Rangers this week. Arsenal lost 4-1 to Chelsea without the Wales star, who had suffered a tear to his hamstring earlier in the competition. Ramsey left the Emirates that summer so the final would have been his last appearance for the club if he did play. Ramsey has appeared at two major tournaments for his country. But he says this Wednesday's final against Eintracht Frankfurt is one of the biggest games in his career, especially after being absent for Arsenal in their last European final. He told reporters: "Yeah it's definitely right up there. So to play in a final of a European competition, they don't come around very often. READ MORE: Arsenal and Juventus 'in contact' over Gabriel with possible swap deal update 'soon'  "Unfortunately I missed the Arsenal one a few years back but hopefully now I can make up for it in this final. Yeah of course [the 2019 final plays on my mind]. "Obviously got to the final that year and lost to Chelsea but for me to miss it through injury was tough. But hopefully now I get another opportunity at it and can make up for that." Rangers head into the match as underdogs after beating RB Leipzig in the semi-final. Ramsey says the feeling around the club is similar to when Arsenal reached the showpiece event in Baku. He added: “There’s a lot of excitement around the club. We’ve put ourselves in an unbelievable position so we’ve produced some memorable results and performances throughout the campaign and now it’s one step further. DON'T MISSArsenal's much-changed XI next season with six signings after three 'agreements' reached [TRANSFERS]Arsenal 'lead the race' for Nahuel Molina as Mikel Arteta adds fifth player to wishlist [RUMOUR]Man City boss Guardiola issues request to Southampton vs Liverpool after West Ham draw [INTERVIEW]  “We’re there so we have a chance to create history. It's the same sort of atmosphere and environment, doing all these [media] duties and building up. Just looking forward to the game and we're one game away from creating history." Ramsey is currently on loan at Rangers from Juventus and he says a decision will be made over his future in the summer. He said: "That’s to be decided at the end of the season. There’s no update on that. "I’m looking forward to the final few weeks here and hopefully making a very memorable experience. That’s what it is at the moment. "My loan comes to an end but we’ll decide and there’ll be conversations to be had at the end of the season but right now I’m just looking to win these two competitions with Rangers.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here