Mr Latushka sat down with journalist Andrew Marr to talk about Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko. When asked what the West can do to stop the Belarusian President from helping Putin with his bloody war in Ukraine, Mr Latushka explained that Mr Lukashenko needed the same punishments as Putin was receiving. The Belarusian opposition leader discussed Lukashenko and Putin's close allyship, and how the West needed to impose sanctions on Belarus. Western governments have been imposing sanctions on Russian gas and oil for over two months, in an effort to de-escalate the Russian onslaught on neighbouring Ukraine. Then Latushka pushed for the ex-Prime Minister of Britain, Gordon Brown to be punished, along with Lukashenko. Mr Latushka told LBC: "The same sanctions because it's a strategic mistake when you're providing sanctions against Putin. "It's very important to provide the same sanctions against Lukashenko. "Secondly he's a criminal, they are two brothers they're two allies "Only one ally of Putin is Lukashenko, his role is the same role in the war against Ukraine.  JUST IN: 'Struggling to care' Prince Harry's rumoured Jubilee absence has fans 'losing patience' Mr Latuska added: "So it's very important we start a campaign. "Punish Putin's puppet together with ex-Prime Minister Gordon Brown. "And our idea to punish only one ally of Putin, the same is necessary to punish Putin. "The same is important to punish Lukashenko."  READ MORE: UK hot weather: 26C heatwave in DAYS as experts forecast 'proper summer' for 2022 Foreign Secretary Liz Truss has been imposing tough financial sanctions on Russia since the start of the invasion of Ukraine. Ms Truss said: "We are inflicting economic pain on Putin and those closest to him. "We will not rest until Ukraine’s sovereignty and territorial integrity is restored. "The Lukashenko regime actively aids and abets Russia’s illegal invasion and will be made to feel the economic consequences for its support for Putin. DON’T MISS: Boris Johnson crumbles to EU as he ABANDONS Brexit masterplan There are now heightened fears of Belarusian forces will inflict more violence on Ukraine with other Russian servicemen. This morning the UK Ministry of Defence announced Belarusian troops had been deployed in Ukraine. They wrote: "Belarusian land forces have been observed deploying from garrison to the field for exercises. "This is in line with seasonal norms as Belarus enters the culmination of its Winter Training cycle in the month of May. "Russia will likely seek to inflate the threat posed to Ukraine by these exercises in order to fix Ukrainian forces in the North, preventing them from being committed to the battle for the Donbas. "Deviation from normal exercise activity that could pose a threat to allies and partners is not currently anticipated." 