It is wholly undemocratic and indeed the mark of a police state if officers can arbitrarily add something to a citizen’s record without any legal process. Yet for many years police were recording “non-crime hate incidents” often based on nothing but the perception of the person complaining. Last year a court finally ordered police to stop recording gender-critical views as non-crime hate incidents but that still left a raft of other views. Now, unbelievably, the Home Office under a Conservative Home Secretary is planning to expand the practice in order to increase the reporting of “all forms of hate crime”. Never mind that police are already too busy to give any priority to burglary, knife-carrying and intimidating behaviour. What matters apparently is what we think and say. There is already nothing much Conservative about this government, with its high tax, high spend approach to the economy and its fondness for regulation but this is a new low. In case ministers have forgotten, the defining essence of Conservatism is the freedom of the individual and Boris Johnson once referred to this country as a “land of liberty”. Sounds pretty hollow now, doesn’t it? Inevitably, the justification for this insidious attempt to create a Big Brother society is that people will “feel protected”. How can you feel protected if you are liable to a police record without due process? Or does it not matter how vulnerable you feel if you are not one of a minority group with protected characteristics? The power of the state is growing apace under this administration and there appears to be only a handful of genuine Tories on the Tory benches. The death of free speech has been the tool of totalitarian regimes, both left and right, throughout history. Boris knows that so what exactly is his agenda? Apparently, ministers are now considering proposals to encourage the elderly to downsize and free up their homes for younger people. I have commented elsewhere on this page on the current government’s tendency to interfere in civil liberties but deciding who needs what amount of space borders on Marxism without the compulsion (yet). I began property ownership in a small London flat, graduated to a four-bedroom townhouse and now live in a largeish house on Dartmoor. I alone paid so I am staying firmly put. Last week I could have spent an entire day giving interviews on the Sue Gray report, being inundated with media requests from dawn till dusk. There was just one small difficulty... I had not read the report. I explained patiently to umpteen programme researchers and bookers that all I had to go on were extracts quoted by newspapers to suit their own agendas and that I was not prepared to comment on something of that order of magnitude without having read, digested and analysed it for myself. Now there is just one question I ask. Would the giants of the past, the Heseltines, Lawsons, Owens and others have engaged in such Bacchanalian antics in the seat of government? Where on earth has all the gravitas and dignity gone? We do not expect the alcohol industry to monitor the behaviour of drinkers. The tobacco companies must print health warnings on their products but they do not monitor who takes notice and who doesn’t. Yet we expect the gambling industry to be responsible for personal addictions. Just as millions of people drink safely, so do millions gamble carefully but there will always be some who do not. It is they who are responsible and, providing they are adults, nobody else. Nevertheless gambling organisations do try to help, having alert systems when individual losses grow, but they have no means of knowing whether the chap losing thousands is a city broker or a careworker. Yet every time there is a tragedy because of a gambling addiction the companies are blamed. Why? The Archbishop of Canterbury, Justin Welby, says that people do not know the narratives and stories of the Christian faith. Correct. I talked to a 15-year-old recently who did not know who Pontius Pilate was because general knowledge no longer includes the Gospels. The Archbishop goes on to say that the trend of holding the self in the highest level of reverence has destroyed a common narrative. Correct. He blames social media. Wrong. The blame lies squarely with the Church, which has busied itself with every left-wing cause it could find and offered social rather than religious commentary. Its pews were emptying long before social media arrived on the scene. Equally to blame are a lot of Christians themselves who have lazily left it to others to proclaim the message and the faith. The Church would never have come into being at all if the early Christians had been only half as lax.