Last month, Prince Harry caused more royal tension with some comments he made during his interview with Hoda Kotb for NBC Today. Speaking on Australia's The Today Show, The Daily Mirror's royal editor Russell Myers slammed the Duke of Sussex and claimed that Harry's comments were "absolutely offensive" and a "ludicrous" attempt to claim a key royal role. Speaking of Harry's recent interview with NBC Today, Mr Myers said: "I just think that interview that Harry gave for American television a few weeks ago was absolutely ludicrous. "What on earth is he talking about protecting the Queen, making sure she's got the right people around her". Mr Myers noted that the Duke now lives "5000 miles away from her". He added: "He's chosen to give up his duty, he's run roughshod over the Royal Family and his duty that he left behind, yet he's coming out with ludicrous statements that he's the one protecting the Queen". READ MORE: King Charles creeps closer as Queen expected to use Regency Act 'within year' The royal editor added: "I think it's absolutely offensive". The Today Show's presenter host Karl Stefanovic told Mr Myers that it has "taken him a while to come to that side of the fence" as he remembers him holding a different view on the Sussexes when they first began dating in 2016. Mr Stefanovic said: "I said [previously] I'm not sure about this match and you were like no no no let them just have their time, you know, she'll [Meghan] be fine and she'll get there". Mr Myers replied that he was, at the time, just "giving them [the Sussexes] the opportunity to not run roughshod over the family". READ MORE: Prince Charles's takeover 'should be a cause for serious alarm' for Harry and Meghan Speaking to NBC last month, the Duke of Sussex said: "She’s always got a great sense of humour with me and I’m just making sure that she’s protected and got the right people around her. “Both Meghan and I had tea with her, so it was really nice to catch up with her.” Meghan and Harry made their announcement of their plans to step back as senior working royals in January 2020. In the Instagram announcement, the couple shared a photo of the two of them on January 8, 2020 and declared that they "intend to step back as ‘senior’ members of the Royal Family". DON'T MISS: Meghan 'loathed' England but may 'come back for biggest role' - claim [ANALYSIS]Queen in 'lose-lose situation' as Harry and Meghan to steal spotlight [INSIGHT]Meghan 'stole the soundbite' off Kate in rare Fab 4 outing [VIDEO] They noted that their decision came "after many months of reflection and internal discussions". In the post, they said that "we now plan to balance our time between the United Kingdom and North America, continuing to honour our duty to The Queen, the Commonwealth, and our patronages.". It has been confirmed that the couple, who now live in California, will be in attendance at the Queen's Jubilee celebrations. They will be flying over to the UK with their two young children, three-year-old son Archie and Lilibet, who turns one next month. The Queen will meet her namesake great-granddaughter for the first time during the visit.