Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag has explained he plans to help the under-fire squad he's inheriting 'learn' from a record season for all the wrong reasons. The Red Devils have endured the worst Premier League campaign in their storied history, meaning Ten Hag is starting his rebuild from the bottom of the barrel. United ended the season winning just three of their final 14 games, a run that included six successive away league defeats. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick could only accumulate 58 points, leaving the club slumped in sixth and back into the Europa League next term. Ten Hag has a monumental task on his hands to turn around the club's fortunes and unleash the 'potential' of his inherited squad. And in his first United interview since becoming boss, he has explained how he plans to help his players learn from a torrid 10 months of football. He said: "[I will tell them] that we have to accept the current situation but also that they have a good potential. A year before, this team was second in the league, so the potential is there. Learn the lessons from this season; we have to analyse clearly what went wrong. But from then on, work hard, get a team and fight the opponents." JUST IN: Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag outlines first major target as manager  After confirming the first wave of United players will return for pre-season on June 27, Ten Hag explained those on international duty during the summer would have an extended break. But he insisted he is 'looking forward' to meeting the squad and acknowledged the importance of pre-season. "Not all the players will be coming in because the ones who play internationals will have a longer break because they play longer in this current season," Ten Hag continued. "But of course, I'm really looking forward, it gives me a lot of motivation and joy to meet them, and I'm really looking forward to it. We need the pre-season to get the team ready for the start of the season." READ MORE: Grealish leaves Guardiola in stitches as Man City star laps up party  United will face Liverpool in Bangkok, Thailand before travelling to Australia for games against Melbourne Victory and Crystal Palace in Melbourne, and Aston Villa in Perth. And Ten Hag thinks it will be 'useful' to play three Premier League teams as part of preparations for his maiden season in the competition. He added: "Useful, yes, definitely because we have to get a way of playing. We have to present our way of playing. With our way, I mean the Man United way. We will give rules and principles, so we're bringing in structures, and we use that opposition to bring in the structure we want together. That will be useful to get a good start in the season." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.