Eurovision 2022 has finally arrived this week with two semi-finals having already aired on BBC Three. The grand final is scheduled to air on BBC One tonight, live from Italy. Representing Spain is Chanel, a Cuban actress with an extensive musical background. Chanel Terrero, 31, is a dancer and actress who has worked in several stage productions in Spain. She qualified for Eurovision having won Benidorm Fest 2022 with her debut single SloMo. The star will be performing this track later this evening as she represents one of the countries that pay the highest contributions towards the show. Her background in musical theatre may put her leagues ahead of the other contestants. READ MORE: Eurovision 2022 presenters: Who are the hosts? The official Eurovision website said: "The superstar has over a decade of musical theatre experience, having starred in productions of The Lion King, Flashdance, The Bodyguard and Mamma Mia. "She has also danced on stage with Shakira, at the 2010 MTV Europe Music Awards. "Chanel has starred in numerous series on Spanish television, including Águila Roja, El Continental and El Secreto de Puente Viejo. "She’s also graced the silver screen, too, as part of the cast of El Rey de la Habana, a film by Agustí Villaronga." Having already mastered her stage presence, the experienced performer is more than prepared. Her track SloMo was composed by a team of songwriters who have worked with the likes of Madonna, Black Eyed Peas, Britney Spears, Ricky Martin, Mariah Carey and Nicki Minaj. With this in mind, she also has one of the strongest teams behind her. However, it has not been an easy ride for the star as she opened up about her mental health in the world of acting and performing. DON'T MISS... Eurovision 2022: Sam Ryder faces huge blow ahead of final [INSIGHT] Eurovision rules: Why are the Big Five not in the semi-finals? [EXPLAINER] Why is Mika hosting Eurovision? Star speaks out [INSIGHT] Speaking to kiratas.com, she spoke out about social media and how she received criticism in the past. The star added: “Sometimes I woke up crying in the morning from helplessness. "I realized how important mental health and emotional intelligence are, and I learned to value myself without depending on the opinion of others, whether positive or negative. "That is, to have my self-esteem set by myself. "I also understood that art is something subjective: if you don’t like it, don’t consume it, but don’t try to destroy it.” The singer is on Instagram and she has been keeping her followers updated ahead of her Eurovision performance. She shared some behind the scenes images from rehearsals, where she appeared on stage with a number of dancers. Maria_eizaguirre responded: "Perfect Image of a born Fighter #WarriorWoman." [Sic] Kikooxs said [translated]: "Winner!!! Thank you for giving us back the illusion in Eurovision and for making us believe after so many years that we can finally win Eurovision again!! How proud that you represent us."  Eurovision 2022 airs on BBC Three for the semi-finals on May 10 and 12, with the grand final airing on BBC One on Saturday.