Jesse Lingard has decided he will definitely leave Manchester United in the summer after being snubbed by Ralf Rangnick during the Red Devils’ 3-0 victory over Brentford on Monday, according to reports. England star Lingard saw Edinson Cavani, Fred and Phil Jones all be used as substitutes ahead of him. Rangnick’s failure to use the attacking midfielder compounded the player’s frustration, according to the Mirror. Lingard is apparently fed up over a lack of game time, having played just 16 times in the Premier League this season. The 29-year-old’s contract expires in the summer and he will be one of a few high-profile free agents, with clubs hoping for a summer bargain. Express Sport looks at four of United’s top-flight rivals who can take advantage of their failure to utilise Lingard. Newcastle Oil-rich Newcastle came close to signing Lingard in January. United interim boss Rangnick had apparently gone as far as giving his blessing for the academy graduate to leave. But this was at a time when Premier League clubs’ fury over Newcastle’s takeover last October remained strong. Rivals were unwilling to do deals with the Magpies, who ended up spending £80million in the winter window. JUST IN: Leeds braced for Barcelona bid for 'primary target' Raphinha Those above Rangnick’s head at Old Trafford blocked Lingard’s exit. It said a lot about how United felt about Newcastle that they were prepared to turn down an offer and allow Lingard to leave for free later in the year. But Lingard could now complete that transfer. Newcastle’s owners have already insisted that they will not spend close to the January outlay, meaning they could look for a few bargains. DON'T MISS...Man Utd can cherrypick four relegated stars as unlikely solutionsMan Utd's new boss Erik ten Hag eyes £30m Inter Milan starJesse Lingard 'makes decision to quit Man Utd' after Rangnick snub Tottenham Spurs are another team who have been linked with Lingard. The North Londoners were rumoured to be interested in a move last summer. Their need to balance their squad with homegrown talent means that they could go back in for Lingard, who has played 232 times for United. Antonio Conte could need to sign English players in the summer to meet UEFA’s homegrown quota. The only issue is where he would fit into Conte’s 3-4-3 formation. Dejan Kulusevski has fitted seamlessly into the front three alongside Harry Kane and Son Heung-min, meaning there would be little space for Lingard. West Ham It was a loan spell with the Hammers that revived Lingard’s England and Premier League career. He scored nine goals in 16 appearances in a temporary switch to the London Stadium in the second half of the 2020-21 campaign. The 32-times Three Lions ace played a key role in David Moyes’ side qualifying for the Europa League. He might watch on with some regret as West Ham face Eintracht Frankfurt in their semi-final second leg clash on Thursday. Aston Villa Villa boss Steven Gerrard harbours strong hopes of retaining loanee Philippe Coutinho this summer. The Brazilian will return to Barcelona having rekindled his reputation as a top attacking midfielder, having scored four goals and assisted a further two in the Premier League since January. However, if the Villans cannot agree a fee with Barca then turning their attention to Lingard would hand them an excellent alternative. There are unlikely to be many better free agents available for a club of Villa’s stature. Lingard would be given a free role behind Villa’s two strikers in Gerrard’s preferred diamond-midfield formation.