With the warm weather fast approaching and several heatwaves on the horizon, motorists have been warned that they could face unlimited fines for not wearing sunglasses if they are being dazzled by the sun. Experts at Moneyshake warned that drivers who fail to adhere to the rule could face a driving ban, up to nine penalty points, and an unlimited fine. The Highway Code states that motorists should pull over if they are “dazzled by bright sunlight”. If they fail to do so, they can be charged with careless driving. Eben Lovatt, CEO at Moneyshake said: "While some offences seem unlikely to result in a fine, it's still very possible that you could be penalised for not following the Highway Code in hot weather. READ MORE: Drivers urged not to auto-renew policy to save on insurance “We recommend you don't take the risk, as heatwaves are for enjoying, not for losing your license. "Drivers planning staycations with bikes and luggage should also be careful to avoid overloading their car or covering their licence plate, as they could be fined up to £2,500.” Changes giving the police powers to issue fixed penalty notices for careless or inconsiderate driving came into effect in 2013. Since then, careless drivers who put other road users at risk by committing offences such as tailgating or poor lane discipline have faced on-the-spot penalties. DON'T MISS 'Another tax on the motorist': Drivers furious at 20mph speed cameras [INSIGHT] Drivers plead for UK 'van plan' to move millions to electric vehicles [REVEAL] Drivers warned as Tyre Extinguishers vow to target more cars [SHOCKING] The changes give the police greater flexibility in dealing with less serious careless driving offences, freeing them from resource-intensive court processes, the Government’s website says. It adds that the existing fixed penalty levels for most motoring offences - including using a mobile phone at the wheel and not wearing a seatbelt - rose to £100, bringing them into line with penalties for similar non-motoring fixed penalties. Stephen Hammond, the former Road Safety Minister, said in 2013: “Careless driving puts innocent people’s lives at risk – that is why we have made it easier for the police to tackle problem drivers by allowing them to immediately issue a fixed penalty notice for low level offending rather than taking these offenders to court. “We have also increased penalties for a range of driving offences to a level which reflects their seriousness and which will ensure that they are consistent with other similar penalty offences. “The fixed penalty for careless driving is now £100 with three points on the driver’s licence. “The most serious examples will continue to go through court, where offenders may face higher penalties.” However, drivers can also be fined for wearing sunglasses that are too dark. The AA said that some sunglasses can affect the driver’s sight. On top of that, if they have bulky frames, they can restrict the driver’s vision. If motorists wear sunglasses that are not fit for driving, they could also be penalised for careless and inconsiderate driving. The key to avoiding any potential fines is balance and common sense. Drivers should wear sunglasses when they’re being dazzled by the sun but should take them off if they restrict their vision.