Cleaning the barbecue isn’t always the first thought after a tasty alfresco meal, but leaving it for too long can make it even harder to do. Charred scraps of meat and sticky juices can become stuck onto the grill, but how can you get them off? Express.co.uk have rounded up the best tips and tricks to help you make your barbecue look as good this summer. How to clean a barbecue grill Grease, dirt and grime can all gather on the grill over time, making your barbecue an unsanitary surface to cook fresh food on. While deep cleaning can seem almost impossible to do in a short period of time, using a few key ingredients is guaranteed to speed up the process. Baking soda, white vinegar and lemon can all be used to revive a dirty, charred barbecue, and this is exactly how to use them for the best results. Read More: Kate & William: Inside Adelaide Cottage- 'much better option' for home Soak the grill racks The best time to clean a dirty barbecue is when the grill is hot, so you will need to wear gloves and long sleeve clothing to protect your hands and arms. Once the grill has been heated up, you should remove the racks and place them into a large tub filled with warm water. Add a generous amount of mild dish soap to the tub and leave the racks to soak for around half an hour to loosen charred residue. Exfoliate with baking soda Pour one cup of baking soda into a bowl and add a few drops of water to create a thick paste. Use an exfoliating brush or scouring sponge to apply the paste and scrub the residue. For non-removable elements of your barbecue, baking soda can be sprinkled directly onto them to lift stubborn dirt, though you will need to dampen these surfaces first. Rinse the area with water before adding a generous layer of baking soda. Leave the powder to sit on the warm grill for 10 minutes to activate the particles. Use a scouring sponge to scrub away the dirt and rinse once more. DON'T MISS‘Keeps most weeds at bay’: How to control weeds on your garden lawn [EXPLAINED]How to identify Japanese knotweed: 3 signs to look for in summer [TIPS]Toxic caterpillar terror: Insecticide sales rocket 1,000 percent [ANALYSIS] Create a white vinegar spray At this point, you can turn off the heat and allow your barbecue to cool down. Make a vinegar solution using equal amounts of water and white vinegar, then pour into an empty spray bottle. Spritz the acidic liquid generously over your barbecue grates, shelves and surfaces and leave to sit for half an hour. The acetic acid will break down dirt and food debris while banishing any lingering odours lurking on the appliance. Rub down with fresh lemons Lemon can be used for more than just cooking on your barbecue. In fact, it makes the perfect polish for your clean grate and lid. Cut three fresh lemons in half to create six juicy halves. Rub the lemons face down over the grill racks, shelves and lid of your barbecue to reveal a fresh scent and high shine. The antibacterial action from the citric acid will leave your barbeque clean and safe to use, while the fresh scent will counteract any lingering odours from the white vinegar.