Speaking to Beth Rigby on Sky News, Tina Brown, author of The Palace Papers said that Harry was “the most popular” royal and that there would be a “desire” for the Sussexes to return, particularly after the death of the Queen. Ms Brown also argued that the return of the Sussexes could bring a “connection” to the “younger part of this nation”.  She said: “I tend to think there will be a desire to have the Sussexes back. “If something can be worked out where the Sussexes are happy and a role can be found that they can do. “I think that really after the death of the Queen there is going to be such a huge seismic reaction. “There is going to be a sense of tearing of the fabric of this country with the passing of the Queen who for seventy years has been the only thing we know   “She’s on the money even. “I think they’ll be a desire to have the Sussexes back just because they bring a connection to the younger part of this nation. “You know Harry was the most popular member of the Royal Family. “And to have a beautiful dynamic woman of colour at his side was actually a fantastic thing for Britain, it really was.  READ MORE: Princess Charlotte's birthday gift to draw her closer to Queen   “There was a great sense of loss at the palace that it didn’t work out. “The question is whether Meghan will ever want to come back to this country.” The Sussexes did briefly return to the UK recently on their way to the Invictus Games in the Netherlands. DON'T MISS:  Netflix axing of Pearl branded 'a complete disaster' for Meghan [REVEAL] Meghan wanted to 'play different kind of princess' - claims author [INSIGHT] Royal Family: Meghan Markle and Harry face 'complete disaster'   [SPOTLIGHT] They met with the Queen and Prince Charles at Windsor Castle. However, with less than a month to go it is unclear if they will be attending any of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee festivities next month. The Duke of Sussex has previously expressed fears for the safety of his family in Britain after the Home Office withdrew his taxpayer funded security 