The star-studded event, which included horse displays, comedy, and singing and acting performances, featured Dame Helen Mirren, Tom Cruise, and Sir David Jason. The event encapsulated the history of the monarchy from Queen Elizabeth I to Queen Elizabeth II.  After Her Majesty's health concerns, royal fans were delighted to see the Queen in attendance and looking in high spirits. On Twitter @TomEBright said: “The Queen looks stunning dress in platinum silver. She’s enjoying every second of it. “Hard to believe she is 96 years old!” @Kathless3261736 added: “She looks in her element and ever so happy…God Bless her beautiful soul.” The monarch arrived accompanied by her son Prince Edward and she used her walking stick as she made her way around.   She wore a grey or platinum silver shawl studded along the hem with diamantes on top of a light blue dress embroidered with flowers matched with black shoes and a black handbag. During the performance, the Queen was seen beaming from the Royal Box and at times being moved by the displays of tribute in front of her, namely watching her granddaughter Lady Louise drive the late Prince Philip’s carriage. As the carriage went by and the camera panned to the Queen, her eyes glistened slightly. READ MORE: Putin humiliated as Ukraine drone drops missiles on enemy site The event was the perfect mixture of tender moments of tribute and comedy, which the Queen enjoyed as she showed her good sense of humour during the event. The host Omid Djalili was given the role of keeping the audience entertained and made a joke about the Queen missing the State Opening of Parliament on Tuesday, which some people had expressed anger about. He said: “Thank you for choosing us over the State Opening of Parliament” and the Queen gave him a wave in return. Royal fan @Maddyforcenow tweeted about the show, saying: “Pure brilliance. DON'T MISS: Royal POLL: Are you ashamed William was booed at the FA Cup final? (POLL)Spain leaves little to imagination with bare bum cheeks at Eurovision (INSIGHT)Horoscopes: Your weekly horoscope from astrologer Russell Grant (REVEAL)  “Stellar everything for Her Majesty the Queen, beaming, smiling, watching horses dancing with incredible precision, people riding with so much energy and all celebrating the Gracious Queen.” Helen Mirren gave a moving tribute to the Monarch at the end of the event, saying: “For all these years you have carried this nation…I address you on behalf of all your loyal subjects…I give you our sincere and most loving thanks.” Royal fan and Twitter user @UKUS411 tweeted: “Such a beautiful person inside and out love her and so proud to call her my Queen.” @EyreJonathan: “Such regal beauty and the service of her Majesty to the country is just sublime.” 