Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag spoke at length with Ralf Rangnick before the German coach made his decision to walk away from his proposed consultancy role at Old Trafford, according to reports. Rangnick, who managed the Red Devils on an interim basis throughout the second half of last season, was set to move upstairs for the next two years but will no longer fulfil this duty after stepping down towards the end of last week. The 63-year-old had been due to work for six days a month at United but is now poised to divert his full attention towards his new position as the manager of Austria's national team and will take charge of his first game on Friday. Rangnick recently spoke on the phone with Ten Hag to discuss the current state of United's squad before it was decided that a clean break would be in the best interests of all parties, according to The Telegraph.It is claimed that Rangnick was eager to present his findings to Ten Hag, who officially became United's new manager at the end of the season after watching the club's final-day defeat at the hands of Crystal Palace. The former strongly believed that the Red Devils needed to be rebuilt from the ground up after presiding over a hugely divided squad and had already made a number of recommendations to the club's hierarchy with a view to improving their on-pitch fortunes over the coming years.Rangnick was expected to offer his insight as a consultant for at least the first two years of Ten Hag's spell at the helm, but the details only ever appeared to be vague and were not laid out in detail with regards to what he would actually do. United chiefs eventually felt that Rangnick's international commitments would make it difficult for him to dedicate his time to the club despite only being contracted to work for just 72 days each year. JUST IN: Raphinha may favour Man Utd move due to admiration of 'older brother' United initially explored the possibility of sounding out Rangnick back in 2019 and some insiders are said to believe that he was the right man in the wrong job at the wrong time over the course of last season. Others are thought to be aware that his interim spell in charge of United only saw the club go backwards and have struggled to get to grips with their decision to effectively write off the last six months in spite of their lack of progress.Rangnick failed to impress during his brief stint as United's temporary manager and only managed to record a win percentage of 37.9 per cent, the lowest since Frank O'Farrell between 1971 and 1972. His departure has brought an end to one of the most bizarre periods in United's recent history and it remains to be seen whether Ten Hag will be able to steady the ship as he takes over the reins ahead of next season. "We would like to thank Ralf Rangnick for his efforts as interim manager over the past six months," said United in an official statement last week."By mutual agreement, Ralf will now focus solely on his new role as manager of the Austria national team and will not therefore be taking up a consultancy role at Old Trafford. We would like to wish Ralf the best of luck in this next chapter of his career." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here