Real Madrid have won the Champions League for a 14th time with a 1-0 win over Liverpool in Paris. Vinicius Jr scored the only goal of the game, with the Brazil international tapping home from close range. And it means Carlo Ancelotti has now won the famous trophy for a third time. Real Madrid went into the final with Liverpool as underdogs, despite winning La Liga earlier this season. And Los Blancos were able to claim the trophy on a night of drama in France. Prior to the game, fans clashed with police outside the stadium. Authorities were seen using pepper spray and tear gas on those in the firing line. Liverpool were, for the most part, the better team. But Madrid won 1-0 through Vinicius, with the Samba star converting from close range after a powerful low cross from Federico Valverde. Express Sport will now take a look at their four best players as they claimed the famous trophy once again. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz It took Thibaut Courtois a while to get going at Real Madrid. Signed from Chelsea back in the summer transfer window of 2018, the Belgian initially found himself playing second fiddle to Keylor Navas at the Bernabeu. But Courtois, it’s now fair to say, has finally arrived. He was superb against Liverpool, making countless saves throughout the contest - including a memorable one from Mohamed Salah. Courtois has now won the Champions League for the first time and he, out of all the players in the squad, arguably deserves his medal the most. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Eder Militao was guilty of exaggerating following a collision with Luis Diaz during the second half. But, that blemish aside, the Brazil international was superb throughout the contest. Militao kept his cool amid the heat of the battle, successfully keeping Sadio Mane quiet - which is no easy task. When Madrid lost Sergio Ramos and Raphael Varane 12 months ago, many fans of the club feared the worst. Yet Militao was excellent and has shown there’s life after the duo. What the arrival of Antonio Rudiger will mean, however, remains to be seen. Federico Valverde has always been a useful player for Madrid. But he’s taken his game to new levels under Ancelotti and was superb at both ends of the pitch. The 23-year-old was more than willing to track back, regularly busting a gut in order to protect Madrid’s defenders. And he was a threat going forward, too, using his speed to get in behind. It was his assist that allowed Vinicius Jr to score and Valverde has now won the Champions League for the first time in his career. For the most part, Vinicius Jr’s threat was nullified. But great players are able to make the difference no matter what - and the Samba star did exactly that. His goal was well-taken, with the player sliding home from close range after Valverde drove the ball invitingly into his path. Real, when they paid £38million for Vinicius Jr, were scrutinised. But they’ve now got bang for their buck and, with the forward just 21, it’s scary to think how good he could become in the coming years ahead.