Dan Walker, 45, has spoken out after his former BBC Breakfast co-star Sally Nugent, 50, was replaced on Monday morning’s show. Sally usually presents BBC Breakfast from Monday to Wednesday, but viewers may have been surprised to see Nina Warhurst, 41, on the red sofa instead. Her absence comes just two weeks after Dan quit the channel to begin his new role on Channel 5.As speculation swirled as to where the mum-of-one was, Dan took to Twitter to assure fans that there was no “drama”.In view of his 759,000 followers, the former Strictly Come Dancing star shared a screenshot from an article headlined: “BBC Breakfast’s Sally Nugent missing from show just days after Dan Walker exit.”In the caption, Dan pointed out: “She’s a mum. It’s half-term. Zero drama.” READ MORE:Catherine Zeta-Jones' emotional tribute as son Dylan, 21, graduates Sally swiftly responded in the comments with a laughing emoji and many fans also found the exchange humorous.Chris joked: “Are you saying her kids have kidnapped Sal! Time for a Crowd fund page to get her back.”Sportyfan quipped: “I saw the headline and wondered if the BBC had stopped allowing its presenters any time off.”And Gez echoed: “I thought they were implying that Dan had kidnapped Sally haha.” Sally has been one of BBC Breakfast’s full-time presenters since she replaced Louise Minchin late last year.Emotions ran high on the set earlier this month when Dan bid the show farewell after holding the job for six years.At the end of his last day on May 17, Dan almost pushed Sally to tears with his heartfelt leaving speech.Turning to his co-host, Dan said: “You are brilliant at what you do, and everybody watching knows that. DON'T MISSTom Hanks' feud with Ricky Gervais laid bare: 'He's on his high horse'[INSIGHT]Dan Walker's father-in-law unimpressed at Champions League final[LATEST]Kay Burley sparks concern as she wears trainers live on Sky News[NEWS] “I was so happy when you got this job and there's nobody better who could have done it."We've had a wonderful time together, and I think we could have gone on to have many years enjoying time together on this sofa.“But, things change, and change can be tough sometimes but it's also good."The father-of-three then told Sally she was a very “special person” and that he wished her “every success”. Sally could be seen welling up and she held her hands to her heart as Dan gave the poignant speech.Since his departure, Jon Kay has been hosting the show alongside Sally.Dan has now taken on a lead presenting role on Channel 5’s revamped 5 News.BBC Breakfast airs weekdays from 6am on BBC One. You can watch Dan Walker on Channel 5 News from 5pm.