Mrs Hinch, real name Sophie Hinchliffe, rose to fame on social media several years ago when she started sharing unusual cleaning tips and tricks. Now, she shares more of her day-to-day life as well as home organisation hacks. Her fans have started sharing their own cleaning advice online, including how to unblock sinks. Taking to the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Geraldine King wrote: “What can I use to unblock my bathroom sink? Sinks can become clogged with grease, oil and food particles. This can lead to a total blockage of the drains and nasty odours circulating the room. This is most common in the kitchen, although hair can block drainage holes in the bathroom. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Jacob Hay involved in Underworld takeover Taking to the comments, Mrs Hinch fans recommended various different hacks for Geraldine to try. Casey Dynan wrote: “Use soda crystals and vinegar.” Susan Cox said: “Soda crystals and a kettle of hot water down the drain.” Debbie Pusey commented: “Use soda crystals and hot water.” DON'T MISS:‘Nifty tricks’ to keep ants out of your home - including 29p deterrent [COMMENT]How to get rid of garden weeds with ‘zero cost’ involved [EXPERT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ 50p hack to remove yellow pillow stains [EXPLAINER] Soda crystals are alkali, which means they can help to dissolve oils and fats blocking the sink. The boiling water will help to flush all the gunk away. Harriett Henshaw said: “Use a cup of soda crystals, it’s a super cheap hack that my mum taught me years ago. Pour boiling water from the kettle down after, it helps to remove the gunk and get things flowing again.” Other Mrs Hinch fans suggested using a can of cola. Jackie Iliac wrote: “A can of cola.” Lauren Andreas said: “Pour a full can of cola down the drain.” The phosphoric acid present in the drink is an effective cleaning agent. Although it sounds abrasive, it can clear blocked drains without any damage to pipes. A plunger is also an affordable and effective way to unclog all home drainage systems. Lisa Tilda said: “Try a plunger, I don’t like using anything else.” They work on sinks, showers, drains and toilets. What’s more, they are super cheap to pick up from DIY stores.