NCIS Los Angeles season 13 has come to an end with some major life changes brought about in all of the agents' lives by the series finale. However, fans of the CBS police procedural haven't forgotten about some of their favourite characters including the likes of Eric Beale (played by Barrett Foa). Express.co.uk has everything there is to know regarding Foa's departure from the drama. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS Los Angeles.Actor Barrett Foa had been portraying Eric Beale from the very beginning as one of the drama's original stars. He had a will-they, won't-they romance with the team's intelligence analyst Nell Jones (Renée Felice Smith) whose relationship had been on the rocks throughout seasons 11 and 12. However, when Eric received funding for his Kaleidoscope-based tech firm in Tokyo, he asked Nell to be his number two. While she was reluctant since they were still on rocky ground, Nell decided to take up the offer and the pair left NCIS' headquarters together. READ MORE: Lucy Pargeter age: How old is Emmerdale's Chas Dingle star? From the looks of it, the decision to leave NCIS Los Angeles was actor Foa's himself as he wanted to work on something new. His co-star Smith also chose to exit for the same reason, thus why their characters departed in the same series finale. Showrunner R Scott Gemmill explained to TV Line: “Both Renée and Barrett have been on the show a long time, and they’re both very ambitious individuals who have projects that they want to do on their own — and we’ve been giving them time off to do so. “It seemed like a natural time to let them go off and do some other things, and give [their characters] what is a happy, hopefully, ending.” Foa leaving NCIS LA seemed to have been in the pipeline for quite some time as Eric was missing from the majority of season 11 as he was sent on a secret mission by Hetty Lange (Linda Hunt). In reality, Foa asked for leave from the CBS drama so he could star in a production of Angels in St Louis. He reappeared near the end of season 11 but this time away had put a strain on Eric and Nell's relationship who told him that they needed some space. This led to Nell taking some time off work as she wanted to rethink her career prospects. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Eric Pollard sells B&B over David's secret [THEORY]NCIS LA boss teases Linda Hunt’s return as Hetty Lange ‘Pull her out' [EXPLAINER]‘Bye bye’ Michael Weatherly admits ‘I tried’ as he bids Bull farewell  [CAST] Much like Foa, Smith wanted to be absent from NCIS Los Angeles for a while so she could work on her short Someone To Carry You. When she did return, Hetty made Nell the interim Operations Manager, making it seem like she was being prepared to take over from their boss for good. But in the end, Eric's offer of leaving for Tokyo was too enticing which resulted in both of their exits. Going by his IMDb profile, Foa is yet to secure another acting job following his departure from  NCIS Los Angeles. Instead, he has made a couple of TV appearances but this time as a presenter. Earlier this year, Foa featured in Amazon Prime Video's Inventions That Changed History for a handful of episodes. He has cropped up on the web chat show Stars in the House, hosted by Seth Rudetsky and his husband James Wesley. Foa may no longer be in the CBS drama but the show must go on. NCIS Los Angeles recently finished its 13th season, leaving fans questioning whether or not it would make a comeback. There is no need to worry as NCIS LA has been renewed for season 14 which is expected to premiere later this year. NCIS Los Angeles is available to watch on CBS in America and Disney+ in the UK.