The Prime Minister is facing fury from his backbenches over the Partygate scandal centred on parties in Downing Street but also a tax raising policy platform which many have branded as “leftwing.” Express.co.uk has been told that letters are going in again to Sir Graham Brady, the chairman of the 1922, with 54 needed to trigger a vote of confidence in Mr Johnson’s leadership. One source described the atmosphere in Downing Street as “a farce” with compromising photos of the Prime Minister seemingly drinking at parties being leaked by insiders before the report by the civil servant Sue Gray is published. The Sue Gray report is expected to be published tomorrow before Prime Minister’s Questions and then at 5pm Mr Johnson will meet Conservatives MPs at a meeting of the 1922 Committee. One MP said: “There will be a lot of explaining to do. Even though he only had one fine.” But another added: “Colleagues are more angry about the policy direction and tax rises.” Letters calling for a leadership vote are understood to be going in from Tory MPs. But it is being claimed that party whips are operating a “we know where you live” strategy to intimidate Conservative MPs not to put letters in. One MP said: “The whips are claiming that they know if someone has filed a leadership letter. “Of course it is completely ridiculous because the only person who knows that is Sir Graham Brady [chairman of the 1922 committee] and he keeps them in a safe and tells nobody.” But there is also a fear that voters are turning on the party and organisations are disengaging with Tory MPs because they think they will be out at the next election. READ MORE: Starmer has FAILED on Partygate - his silence now is deafening One MP reportedly told colleagues that he was “booed for the first time in my constituency” when he was completing a marathon to raise money for charity. Others have reported that meetings and engagements are being cancelled at the last minute “for no reason.” One MP was told before the resignation of Neil Parish that he was not welcome to an engagement until it was clear who “porno MP” was. DON'T MISS POLL: Do you care about new bombshell photos of Boris Johnson? [REACT] Boris replacement odds: Who could be the next PM? [REVEAL] Partygate 'obsessives' slated as Brits 'bored' with Boris bashing [INSIGHT] But the real anger on the backbenches is over policy particularly the National Insurance rise and plans to increase Corporation Tax. Earlier Express.co.uk revealed that MPs could launch a coup using Partygate as “a means to an end” in getting rid of the Prime Minister. However, some MPs supporting Mr Johnson have pointed out that they are not getting emails or correspondence about Partygate anymore particularly as the Prime Minister only received one fine from the police. One former minister said: “I think the moment has passed with Partygate and the Prime Minister is safe however much people want to drag it on.”