Financial help like tax credits and Universal Credit often act as gateway benefits to additional support from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). But millions of Britons are missing out. As the cost of food, petrol and energy bills continues to take its toll on the nation’s finances, people are being encouraged to make sure they are receiving all the financial help they are entitled to. Benefit claimants on all six legacy benefits and Universal Credit could get a reduction on their council tax, a free TV licence and food vouchers. Low-income families may also be eligible for grants to cover housing costs which don’t have to be paid back. Things like free prescriptions and money towards energy bills could help people who are struggling to make ends meet. READ MORE: ‘Outraged!’ Mum in shock after receiving £1,300 internet bill from EE Many Britons still don’t know about the Household Support Fund - a £1billion scheme announced by Chancellor Rishi Sunak to help people through the cost of living crisis. As part of the scheme, some councils have been sending low income households cheques of £100, while others have been posting supermarket vouchers. Each council has its own discretionary fund so it’s worth getting in touch with them if people are in financial difficulty. Anyone who doesn’t qualify for a council tax rebate of £150 because they don’t live in bands A to D can get in touch depending on their circumstances. DON'T MISSSantander is offering savings rates of 2.5% and you only need £1 [UPDATE]Man shocked after receiving false energy bill over £15,000 [ALERT]I never thought I’d be so poor’ Pensioner shares money saving tips [INSIGHT] Other cash grants are also available to people on benefits although they aren’t widely publicised. Low-income families may be eligible for grants to cover housing costs which don’t need to be paid back. Poverty charity Turn2Us has a tool on its website for people to check out grants available in their area. It could be worth people getting in touch with their energy suppliers as some are also offering help to customers struggling to pay energy bills. In total there are over 30 additional benefits available to people on benefits including reduced travel, capped water bills and free prescriptions. Jobseekers may also be entitled to free or cheap broadband from TalkTalk, Virgin Media and BT. Parents can get further help such as free school meals, discounted childcare costs and food vouchers for kids as part of the Healthy Start scheme. People who apply for Personal Independence Payment (PIP) could also apply for a disabled Facilities Grant worth up to £30,000 to make changes at home. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Some other benefits include: To find out more people can go to Gov.uk. 