Tottenham will open talks with Manchester City icon Yaya Toure over a full-time coaching role in the club’s academy later this month, according to reports. The former midfielder has been working within Spurs' youth set-up this season as he completes his UEFA A Licence. Toure, who lives in Hampstead, was keen to find a local team where he could complete his coaching badges. After spending pre-season with League Two Leyton Orient, he was taken in by Spurs last December and has worked with the U18s. He has spent time with the Lilywhites on an informal basis but is understood to have impressed enough to make the north Londoners consider a permanent position. The 38-year-old has worked under the guidance of academy manager Dean Rustrick, head of coaching Chris Powell, and coach Stuart Lewis. Spurs’ academy players have benefitted from the experience of a player who won three Premier League titles with City and two La Ligas with Barcelona. Senior academy figures have been so impressed with the former Ivory Coast international that they are considering giving him a permanent role. JUST IN: Tottenham could stand in the way of Raheem Sterling to Arsenal deal The London Evening Standard report that talks over a long-term job are pencilled in for this month. Toure was initially only working one day a week but his role has gradually become more prominent. Spurs finished ninth in the 14-team U18 Premier League South. A disappointing end to the campaign saw them fail to win their final three matches and they were thumped 5-0 by rivals Arsenal in their last fixture. But several players have worked their way into the U23 team. Toure recently praised the youngsters for being ‘smart’ and ‘clever’. DON'T MISS...Klopp asks Liverpool team to pretend vs Aston Villa that Man City lostSpurs star Davies fires Liverpool warning to Arsenal ahead of derbyLiverpool's Van Dijk disagrees with Klopp after shots fired at Spurs “It’s important I go through the steps. I’m working with the academy now, it’s a nice step to learn,” he told The Times earlier this year about his pathway into coaching. “The U18s’ passion is incredible and they are so smart and so clever. You can set up tactics and one of them will ask a question you have not thought about.” Toure also had a coaching offer from Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta. The Spaniard said earlier this year: “He has my number because we’ve spent some years together at City. He is a player I appreciate a lot so he can call me and ask me the question.” Arteta has often welcomed young coaches through the London Colney doors. Ex-England ace Jack Wilshere was helping out with the club’s U18s before completing a surprise January move to Danish outfit Aarhus GF.