Salford City have sacked manager Gary Bowyer after just over a year at the club. And with Bowyer Salford's third manager since their 2019 promotion to the English Football League, club co-owner Gary Neville will be prepared to come under further fire for his previous comments about sack-happy boards. After entering the Football League three years ago, Salford eyed a quick promotion up to League One, but a 10th-place finish this season has sentenced them to another campaign in the fourth tier. Given the club finished eighth last term, during which Bowyer took charge, the regression in 2021-22 has cost him his job. On Tuesday, Salford confirmed Bowyer's departure via a club statement. It read: "Salford City Football Club announces the departure of First Team Manager Gary Bowyer from The Peninsula Stadium. A meeting was held earlier today and the Club has made the decision to terminate Gary Bowyer's contract along with Assistant Manager Billy Barr. "The Club would like to thank Gary and Billy for their hard work over the last season, and we wish them all the best for their future roles within football. An announcement regarding the role of First Team Manager will be made in due course." JUST IN: Arsenal given light relief over top-four struggle as Man Utd ridiculed Also a pundit for Sky Sports, Neville has regularly slammed Premier League owners for changing managers too often, including former club Manchester United. However, Salford's next manager will be the fourth permanent figure in the dugout in less than two years. Bowyer replaced Richie Wellens, who Neville dismissed just nine days after he guided the club to EFL Trophy success while sitting just six points outside the League Two Play-Off places. And plenty rushed to social media to ridicule his decision to dismiss Wellens, especially following his strong stance about giving top-flight managers time. Among those leading the jibes were his Sky Sports colleague Jamie Carragher, who quoted an old Neville tweet questioning how managers can build teams without receiving two to three years from owners. A Manchester United fan page also threw up old comments where Neville said the Red Devils 'lacked decency' by sacking David Moyes in his first season at Old Trafford. READ MORE: Arsenal respond to claims they have struck Hickey transfer 'agreement' Graham Alexander was Salford's first manager of their Football League return after masterminding their promotion from the National League. But in October 2020, he was dismissed and after Paul Scholes' brief interim spell, Wellens arrived in November of that year. Bowyer was in charge from March 2021, but with Neville and his fellow Class of '92 co-owners aiming for a quicker rise up the English football pyramid, failure to reach the League Two Play-Offs is seemingly a deal-breaker for any coach in the hot seat. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.