Sarah Ferguson, dubbed Fergie by the press, married the Queen’s second eldest son, Prince Andrew, in 1986, but they divorced 10 years later. Fergie's weight loss is always being analysed, as her weight fluctuated over her years as a working royal. The Duchess of York has just opened up about the eating habits that led her to put on weight.  She admits very honestly that weight is still playing on her mind. “It’s always going to be my trigger point and where I go to first when I want to self-sabotage,” she told The Metro. However, it’s hardly surprising the way she looks has been a constant source of concern for the mum-of-two. She revealed how she was often teased for her size. READ MORE: Weight loss: Top 10 most effective exercises to burn calories quickly “They used to call me fat frumpy Fergie,” she added. Sarah even grew up thinking her mother left home because she had a bad haircut. “I was teased for years,” she said. “I’ve always been labelled ‘fat frumpy Fergie’ and a redhead as well. “I’ve always felt judged, which is why I support the LGBTQ+ community. “I know what it’s like to be segregated. “I’m 62 now and it still hurts, even now, when someone has a pop at me.” On The Today Show in 2015, Sarah explained she was “addicted” to food before shaping up. She said: “My addiction was food. I used it to suppress my feelings and therefore every time I went through something - a salacious lie the media might tell about me - I ate to compensate.  "I got to a point where I just couldn't bear looking at myself any minute longer. “I was 190 pounds a year ago and I was miserable. “You look at the top of the mountain, you think you're never going to get there." But the Duchess is a dedicated fan of Gianluca Mech's ketogenic approach to weight loss. She previously revealed Gianluca was the key to her healthy diet that also improved her sleep and fitness.  Sarah said: "I've tried many different diets over the years, but when I heard about Gianluca Mech's work, I decided to visit the University of Padua, one of Europe's oldest seats of learning, where the research for the diet is carried out. “I was impressed by what I heard, and the scientific evidence there is to show the benefits of a ketogenic diet and variants of it.” The Duchess said she followed this diet for 18 months and it dramatically improved her weight and health.  The ketogenic diet is a very low carb, high fat diet that involves drastically reducing carbohydrate intake and replacing it with fat. This reduction in carbs puts your body into a metabolic state called ketosis. When this happens, your body becomes incredibly efficient at burning fat for energy. For information about beating eating disorders please visit this link: https://www.beateatingdisorders.org.uk/get-information-and-support/get-help-for-myself/i-need-support-now/helplines/  