Manchester United legend Roy Keane has admitted that Liverpool deserved their penalty shootout win over Chelsea and to lift the FA Cup. Liverpool needed extra time and penalties after the two sides were goalless before the spot-kicks, which saw Kostas Tsimikas slot home the winning penalty after Mason Mount’s miss. Speaking on ITV’s coverage of the FA Cup, Keane said: “They got the job done. You can’t begrudge them and I think they have just about deserved it. “We talk about penalty shootouts being a lottery, it is not it is a test of nerve, technique, hope your goalkeeper produces and you can see the heartache there for Chelsea. But Liverpool they have got that momentum with them to carry through to the rest of the season, another huge day for them.” Tsimikas’ winning penalty came after Mount missed Chelsea’s seventh penalty, with Sadio Mane and Cesar Azpilicueta missing before the shootout went to sudden death. The win keeps Liverpool’s quadruple dreams alive, they picked up their second piece of silverware this season following the League Cup win in February, also on penalties against Chelsea following a goalless draw.  On the post-match broadcast, Ian Wright said: “I am disappointed for Mason Mount, when a player misses a penalty at this level for so much on the line you have got to be gutted for him. “There is something about Liverpool and what they are trying to do this season, it is very very special and for some reason we have someone like Tsimikas who has never scored a goal for Liverpool, he has to step up in that moment and score a goal to keep them in the hunt for maybe four trophies. “It is very exciting here but it is devastating for Mason but I can’t say I am not delighted for Liverpool because if I am being totally honest I would like to see them do the quadruple because it is a special thing they are going for.” Liverpool lifted the FA Cup to add to their League Cup win earlier in the season, and will aim to complete the quadruple next with two Premier League games in their bid to catch Manchester City. Jurgen Klopp’s side sit three points behind the leaders and three behind on goal difference. Liverpool travel to Southampton on Tuesday night, with leaders Manchester City away to West Ham on Sunday. Then on the final day of the season the Reds host Wolves while Manchester City are also at home, to Steven Gerrard’s Aston Villa. Liverpool will then take on Real Madrid in the Champions League final six days later in the Stade de France.