Amber Heard broke down in tears as she testified in court today in ex-husband Johnny Depp's defamation trial against her. The Aquaman actress claimed in court Johnny slapped her across the face when she laughed at his ‘Wino forever’ tattoo - something he denies. Amber said she quizzed Johnny on what his tattoo said, and he explained it said ‘Wino forever’, having been altered from ‘Winona forever’, an inking he had from his relationship with Winona Ryder. She claimed she thought he was joking, and so she laughed. Breaking down in tears on the stand, Amber claimed: “He slapped me across the face. “I just stared at him, laughing still. I thought he would start laughing, he didn't. He said "you think you're funny, b***h?" She also claimed in evidence: “Then he slapped me again. I didn't move, freak out, because I didn't know what else to do. Then he slapped me again one more time. Hard. “I lose my balance on the edge of the couch and I wished so much he'd say he was joking.” Amber told her lawyer Johnny, who says he has never hit a woman, was apologetic and tearful afterwards, begging for her forgiveness, but she knew there was no coming back from it. The actress also opened up on the happy early days of their relationship. “We were dating, and it was beautiful. I felt like this man knew me and saw me in a way that no one else had,” she told the court. “I felt he understood me, I felt he understood where I came from. When I was around Johnny I felt like the most beautiful person in the world. He made me feel seen, he made me feel like a million dollars. “Lavish gifts and lavish expressions of love, and how he had never met a woman like me.” She added: “It felt like a dream, it felt like absolute magic.” Earlier on in her testimony, Amber said the trial was the “most painful” thing she had ever experienced. Johnny is suing her for an op ed she wrote in the Washington Post in 2018, saying that she was a victim of domestic abuse. He claims he was the implied abuser, despite not being named, and says it destroyed his career. Johnny and Amber have both accused the other of being violent and emotionally abusive during their two-year marriage, and both deny any allegations of abuse. Earlier on in the trial, Dr Dawn Hughes, a clinical and forensic psychologist and expert in interpersonal violence, abuse, and traumatic stress, took to the stand and claimed the Captain Jack Sparrow actor had kicked, punched and choked Amber, and threatened to kill her. She added that she believed Amber’s life was in danger due to the risk of domestic violence in their marriage. Dr Hughes testified Amber told her Johnny had thrown her on the bed, forcibly tried to have sex with her, and threatened to kill her. Johnny has previously denied these accusations in a libel suit against News Group Newspapers for calling him a “wife-beater” in The Sun, a case he lost. The trial continues.