The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are expected to arrive in the UK for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee weekend in the coming days. However, according to royal expert Russell Myers, the couple have promised to be on their best behaviour as he explained things are still frosty among the Royal Family since their tell-all interview with Oprah Winfrey. Russell discussed the latest royal updates with Ranvir Singh on Monday's Lorraine. Speaking about Harry's relationship with his brother Prince William, the expert said: "I imagine if that was happening and certainly I believe the boys have been in contact ahead of this Jubilee weekend. "Of course, the Queen is wanting for all of her family to get together. "Meghan and Harry have promised to be on their best behaviour because things are still quite frosty within the family." READ MORE: Lucy Pargeter age: How old is Emmerdale's Chas Dingle star? He continued: "They're still talking about that big Oprah Winfrey interview, you know Prince Harry did an interview with an American broadcaster not that long ago at the Invictus Games. "He was talking about protecting the Queen and making sure she had the right people around her. "This news about them renewing this lease for Frogwell Cottage is quite interesting because of course, this is still their UK home. "They obviously live in California now and they'll be popping over for the Jubilee celebrations." "However, they have got to renew the lease," Russell added. "It is part of their UK home. "They're allowing Princess Eugenie and her family to stay there over the past few months. "But, you know I imagine this is a really good opportunity for people to come together." Meghan and Harry weren't the only ones meant to be visiting the UK from America. The former Suits star's dad Thomas was also due to fly over for the Jubilee celebrations. However, last week it was confirmed that Thomas was in hospital after suffering from a stroke. Meghan's estranged father was hoping to use the Jubilee as an opportunity to reconcile with his daughter and to meet his grandchildren. It was also reported that the Duchess of Sussex had reached out to her father since he became ill, but Meghan's half-sister Samantha shut down the claims during an appearance on Good Morning Britain. "I heard rumours that she was trying to reach out to my dad's camp, but my brother and I are my dad's camp," Samantha told host Richard Madeley. "His phone number has never changed, his address has never changed and even though he can't speak, his language comprehension is perfect. "She could text him, she could contact him, he could text back so those rumours are not true." "That begs the question, doesn't it?" the host asked. "Why should she? Because we understand your father before he had his stroke was due to come here with the Jubilee news film crew and basically, he was going to stalk Harry and Meghan." Lorraine airs weekdays at 9am on ITV.