Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, became popular after sharing her cleaning tips and recommendations on social media platforms and TV. The cleaning enthusiast has managed to gain more than 4.3 million followers on Instagram. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips. On one such group, Facebook user Kathryn Latham asked Mrs Hinch fans: “Does anyone know what will get the grout clean between my tiles?” Kathryn shared a photo of her tile grout which had turned from white to yellow. The post was inundated with comments but the most popular response was to use baking soda with either bleach, lemon juice or white vinegar. Valerie O'Neill said: “Bicarbonate of soda and bleach mixed into a paste and apply with a toothbrush. READ MORE: Lyme Regis: The £2m property, the doer-upper & the average home “Keep windows open it’s pretty potent.” Marian Rose Morgan replied: “Baking soda/lemon juice.” Michelle Doherty commented: “Vinegar and bicarbonate soda mixed together with a tooth brush.” Sonia Lye suggested: “White vinegar and bicarbonate of soda works a treat.” Diana VanHouten Zoutman said: “I’ve used baking soda and lemon mixed together.”  DON'T MISSCleaning: ‘Cheapest’ way to clean washing machine seals - ‘amazing!’ [INSIGHT]Cleaning: ‘Most effective’ way to clean washing machine drawers [UPDATE]I tried the £1 air fryer cleaning hack - the results were astounding [ANALYSIS] Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using bleach, toothpaste and Astonish Mould and Mildew spray. Ronald Levell said: “Bleach on a cloth. Then rub it in.” Helen Thompson replied: “An old toothbrush and bleach.” Cara Clark wrote: “Bleach then stick kitchen roll strips on and leave for a few hours. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “It will be sparkling. No scrubbing required!” ASDA Bicarbonate of Soda costs 55p. Clean+Natural Bicarbonate Of Soda costs £1 from Savers. Duzzit Amazing Baking Soda Multi Purpose Household Cleaner is 93p from Amazon. Dr. Oetker Bicarbonate of Soda is £1.40 from Sainsbury’s. Jane White commented: “Astonish mould spray, spray on leave for 20 minutes.  “In the shower I rinse it off with the shower head and dry off. “In the kitchen I use a wet cloth and dry off, no scrubbing I always wear a mask and safety glasses.” Elizabeth Phillips said: “Toothpaste.” Karen Davies replied: “Whitening toothpaste.”