The brown tail caterpillars are highly toxic and the alarm has been sounded this week by the Forestry Commission. The creatures, which transform into brown tail moths, can usually be found near vegetation in the springtime and live in groups, Leicestershire Live reports. Almost all dogs at some point eat a grasshopper, fly, moth, earthworm, or even an ant or termite. As Bulldogology explains, these are nothing to worry about unless a dog has a particular taste for them or they bring out their allergies. They advise that owners should speak to their vet as it is a good idea to know how to deal with such situations in the future. Other insects, however, can be more dangerous and even lethal. There are insects that have toxins or poison that act on contact or ingestion – including caterpillars. "These can cause some serious discomfort to your puppy through tummy aches, diarrhoea or even lesions. Worse, because using an insecticide is such a popular way to get rid of such pests, your puppy may inadvertently fall victim to the toxic effects of the chemicals too." The caterpillars also live in communal "tents" which they use mainly for shelter from bad weather but also for hibernation in the winter. These clumps of cobweb-like material will release irritant hairs when disturbed so it's important to be careful when trying to get rid of them.   How do I keep my pet safe? According to experts from Wamiz, if you live in an area that is likely to be home to these caterpillars (e.g. London, Berkshire, Buckinghamshire, Essex, Hertfordshire, and Surrey), be particularly careful during the spring and summer. "Avoid walking your dog in heavily wooded areas, and particularly in pine forests or areas with a lot of oak trees." Another thing you can do, according to the Blue Cross, is to keep an eye on your dog when out and about. Whilst direct contact with the caterpillar is most likely going to cause a serious reaction, symptoms can also occur if there has been contact with a fallen nest or volatile caterpillar hairs. This is because caterpillars are covered in hairs which can provoke serious allergic reactions, and in the worst of cases, death. If you see them sniffing around the insects you should call them away, and try to engage their attention elsewhere. However, if your dog is hopeless at recall and likely to eat something then you might want to try putting a basket muzzle on them during walks. You can also report sightings online or in forums to try and warn other dog walkers in your area, should you locate any.    "Contact with the wrong type of caterpillar can lead to symptoms ranging anywhere from stinging rashes, itching, swelling to serious infection, respiratory problems or necrosis leading to death," warn Bulldogology. "So if catch your puppy crunching up a caterpillar or playing with it, keep an eye out for possible symptoms." They recommend that you should seek a vet's assistance at the first sign something isn't right, "even if it’s just for some mild caterpillar rash treatment." What are possible symptoms? If your dog has been in direct contact with a caterpillar, you may notice one or several of the following symptoms, warn Wamiz.com:  How should I treat my pet? "Your priority should be to remove any hairs that may be inside your dog’s mouth," explains Wamiz. "To do so, put on some thick gloves, then pour some water or a baking soda/water mix into their mouth. Do not scrub, as this could make things worse. Next, take your pet to the emergency vet. The sooner your pet receives treatment, the less likely it is to develop a serious reaction."  