On Saturday, ITV viewers tuned in to watch another round of Britain's Got Talent auditions. Judges Simon Cowell, Amanda Holden, David Walliams and Alesha Dixon were back on the panel as a number of acts took to the stage to perform. However, at the beginning of the show, Simon pleaded with Alesha to use her golden buzzer as it was the last one of the series. Despite shutting the music mogul down, the Breathe Slow hitmaker did end up pressing her buzzer for the last act of the night. Duo Flintz and Taylor took to the stage to perform, although, before they had even begun, the pair shocked the judges with a surprising admission. They explained, that up until the moment they walked onto the stage, they hadn't met in person. Rapper Flintz said the pair had met via social media during lockdown and they began to do Instagram lives together. READ MORE: Outlander’s Sam Heughan explains dangerous and ‘illegal’ kilt scene  Despite never meeting each other in person before, it has been reported that the duo's audition may have been a "mistake." According to the Daily Mirror, the duo had rehearsed in person once before show producers accidentally gave them microphones and ushered them on stage to perform. However, despite the mishap, Flintz and Taylor wowed the judges and even left Alesha looking rather emotional. "Everything was so clear and so passionate, I loved hearing your story," Amanda praised before she turned to Taylor: "And you are phenomenal on that piano. Amazing." David went on to add: "I really loved that you had something important to say and a lot of people watching this will relate to that, and they'll take a very positive message away from it, which I think is fantastic." "It was real and I loved that," Simon told the pair: "It was almost like a scene from a great movie. Everything was just brilliant, even when your voice kind of broke with emotion at the end, it was just an absolutely perfect audition in my opinion." Before hitting the golden buzzer, Alesha added: "Nothing makes me more happy than seeing young musicians. "You had something to say Flintz, we've had no one on the show like you before which is brilliant. And they say in life, 'Save the best till last!'" DON'T MISS...Escape to the Chateau’s Dick and Angel clashed on family decision [INSIGHT]NCIS LA: Chris O’Donnell’s son stopped from starring in CBS series [CAST]Amanda Holden horrified as BGT crew member 'set on fire' [VIDEO] However, following the talented duo's performance, viewers took to social media, with many claiming Alesha's golden buzzer was a "fix". Others appeared to be baffled over the fact they claimed they'd never met in person before their performance. User @DialSquare52 fumed: "Golden buzzer complete predictable fix." While Ellena Anastasiades penned: "They were amazing but it's no surprise they got the golden buzzer especially as they were the last act on yesterday's show and Alesha hadn't used her golden buzzer so she had to use it." "So she had no choice but to press that golden buzzer seeing as it was the last act and potentially last day for auditions?" Anime Central added. JJ went on to comment: "On #BGT the two young lads saying that was the first time they’d met..don’t reckon..you have to have an audition before you get in front of the judges so nope I don’t reckon it is..they were good but not golden buzzer worth." (sic) Anthony claimed it was a "predictable" golden buzzer for Alesha. Despite the backlash, others praised the act, as Gavin tweeted: "I hope those two dudes from #BGT last night who were given golden buzzer win the whole thing. Absolutely fantastic talent, original and powerful message alongside perfect piano as well. True talent." Britain's Got Talent returns on Saturday at 8pm on ITV.