Patrick Vieira has been defended by Frank Lampard after Everton beat Crystal Palace on Thursday night. The Toffees consolidated their status in the Premier League with a hard-fought win at Goodison Park. After the game, however, ugly scenes marred the result. Earlier in the day, a Nottingham Forest fan was given six months in prison after headbutting Billy Sharp on the pitch after Sheffield United were beaten. And there was more crowd trouble at Goodison Park on Thursday night. An Everton fan was seen goading Vieira on the turf after a pitch invasion, with the Palace boss then snapping and lashing out with his foot. The Palace boss is now likely to face punishment for his actions yet Lampard, speaking after the game, has expressed sympathy for the Arsenal icon. “There were none (issues with players),” said Lampard after his side secured Premier League survival. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “I feel for Patrick because I didn’t get him at the end because of how it all erupted for us. “I would have said: ‘Come in with us’ (into the Everton dressing-room area rather than the Crystal Palace area on the other side of the pitch). “They might not have wanted that but I’d have said: ‘Come in with us’. I know how managers feel and I get that. “And, of course, he’s running across the pitch of 80 yards of our fans coming on. It’s not easy. “There’s nothing from me. Not any issues. It was pure elation of fans who want to stay in the Premier League that come on the pitch. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “I can’t complain when I’m on the directors’ box in front of them. It was a special moment for the football club. “If done in the right way, let them stay on the pitch for a bit. As long as everyone is behaving and we don’t see scenes like the other night, everyone is behaving, happy and go home. That’s what football is all about. “What are we going to do, handcuff them to the seats when we go 2-0 down and win 3-2 and stay in the league? As long as they beave, no problem.” Vieira didn’t discuss the incident after the game. But the Palace boss did open up on his side’s collapse after they’d led 2-0 earlier in the contest. Goals from Michael Keane, Richarlison and Dominic Calvert-Lewin gave Everton victory. And Vieira elaborated on his team by saying: “What changed is that we didn't respect the game as well as we did in the first half. “We lost too many simple balls and we were inviting too much pressure. “We didn't move the ball quick enough and that allowed them to build that momentum and that confidence and it’s about managing the game when we were winning and we didn't do it good enough in the second half and we gave them hope. “And when we invited pressure, they managed to win ono/two/three balls and that really woke up the crowd and then when we conceded the first goal it became really difficult for us.” On whether the crowd had an influence, he added: “I’m not surprised at all about that, we knew that. “The crowd has always been behind the team. When we look at the last couple of games that they play at home we knew that the atmosphere was going to be high. “We woke them up and we gave them the tools to believe that they had the chance and that's part of a lack of maturity that we have and those games will make us learn a lot.”