Louise Minchin, 53, shares her two daughters Scarlett and Mia with her husband David Minchin. The former BBC Breakfast presenter, who quit her role in 2021, spoke candidly about the "horrible secret" which plagues a number of parents. The presenter has opened up about "empty nest syndrome" in a candid new piece - a phenomenon in which parents experience feelings of sadness and loss when the last child leaves home. Taking to Twitter today, Louise shared the article of her opinion piece, in view of her 258,000 followers. The former I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! explained her daughter Mia, was the first to leave the family home for university. Within a matter of months, Louise explained her youngest daughter Scarlett will be following in her footsteps. READ MORE: Victoria Beckham shares unseen pics of Brooklyn's wedding  Louise captioned the post: "This is for all of you with children leaving home or who have already left." Speaking about her eldest daughter's departure, she wrote: "The pain of a child leaving home is a horrible secret nobody talks about. She added in the i newspaper: "I would walk past her bedroom and feel a stab of sadness when I remembered she wasn’t there, hidden under the covers, fast asleep." Social media users flocked to comment on the post, Twitter user, Paula penned: "It is very strange when they leave home. My eldest left at one point for uni but came back and lives with me now. My youngest has decided not to move back after uni so it only leaves my and my eldest daughter in the house now. It seems very quiet now we have gone from 4 to 2."  Nicky remarked: "Our eldest leaves in September and I have felt the dread slowly building for the past few months. Excited for the new challenges ahead for her but the house won’t be the same without her." Jenny echoed: "Such a hard thing to adapt to. The shock of an empty nest. We are a year on from our youngest leaving home and it still feels so sad, but…my children are alive and well and thriving so I give thanks for that." Nigel joked: "It’s when they start dropping the grandkids off  'for the weekend' that you start to wish they’d moved just that bit further away." As well as an impressive career, Louise has found happiness in her personal life, and has been married to her husband David Minchin since 1998. DON'T MISS... Jamie Oliver sparks fury over Eton Mess - 'Attack on working class!'[LATEST]Monty Don shares first photos after welcoming new family arrival[PICTURES]Naked protestor crashes Cannes Film Festival red carpet[PROTEST]  The couple tied the knot in a tiny church in Hampshire, and Louise has admitted it was a low-key affair. Meanwhile, Louise took to Instagram and shared snaps from a recent event she attended. The broadcaster stunned in a black jumpsuit which featured a sheer veil with gold trimming. She captioned the post: "Last night I felt very lucky to be able to go to the @tusk_org Ball in the most stunning location @natural_history_museum and eat dinner under the magnificent blue whale, Hope. "What a fabulous evening and thank you to everyone who helped raise £450,000 for conservation projects. Thanks to @chesterzoo for inviting me and me and my very special guest. It is a night we will always remember #nightatthemuseum." Louise was inundated with messages, as Julia Bradbury commented: "Stunning frock!" Dave remarked: "Absolutely gorgeous." Lynn added: "Love your outfit."