Here we go again. Manchester United are gearing up for a big summer under Erik ten Hag, with the club determined to give the Dutchman a winning project at Old Trafford. And it appears as though they’re prioritising the same areas of the squad as Louis van Gaal and Jose Mourinho did during their respective spells in charge. Manchester United will be aiming to put their horrendous season behind them when Ten Hag takes charge at the end of the campaign. It’s been a torrid year for the Red Devils who, despite landing Cristiano Ronaldo, Jadon Sancho and Raphael Varane back in the summer, have regressed alarmingly. Ten Hag knows United need rebuilding. Some will come, some will stay and some will go this summer. And, at the current moment in time, it looks as though United will look for a centre-back, a central midfielder and a new striker. Under Van Gaal, when he first took charge in 2014, the Red Devils were able to deliver all three for the Dutchman. Having seen Rio Ferdinand and Nemanja Vidic depart, having struggled under David Moyes, the current Netherlands boss got to work. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings United then proceeded to sign Marcos Rojo from Sporting Lisbon, having been impressed by his performances for Argentina at the World Cup. In central midfield, United moved quick to land Ander Herrera from Athletic Bilbao. And Daley Blind then arrived on transfer deadline day, with Van Gaal knowing the Ajax star well from their time together in their homeland. Also on deadline day, United snapped up Radamel Falcao. They paid £6million to land the Colombia international, who would go on to score just four goals during his only season at the club. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag And, with Mourinho in charge, it was a similar story. Unconvinced by Rojo, Phil Jones and Chris Smalling, the Portuguese decided to sanction a move for Eric Bailly. Bailly touched down from Villarreal but, now, is poised to leave the club having made just four Premier League appearances. Likewise Paul Pogba, who also returned in the summer of 2016. The France international had been expected to join Real Madrid, with Zinedine Zidane eager to snap him up at the time. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Yet Pogba ended up returning to United instead, our years after he’d angered Sir Alex Ferguson by joining Juventus for free. Mourinho, like his predecessor, also boosted the Red Devils’ frontline as well. This time it was Zlatan Ibrahimovic who was recruited, with the Sweden international joining on a free transfer from Paris Saint-Germain. And he didn’t disappoint during his time in English football, netting 29 times across all competitions before leaving. Fast-forward to 2022, history is about to repeat itself. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Ten Hag wants a defender knowing Bailly, Jones Harry Maguire, Victor Lindelof and Axel Tuanzebe aren’t up to scratch. In midfield, with Pogba and Nemanja Matic heading out of the door, United have the likes of Frenkie de Jong, Declan Rice, Kalvin Phillips and Ruben Neves under consideration. And when it comes to a new centre-forward, Darwin Nunez is in their sights having dazzled for Benfica. United are now facing arguably their biggest summer of them all. Whether the Glazers can get enough fresh blood in, however, is something only time will tell.