World No.2 golfer Jon Rahm has paid tribute to Tiger Woods following the Spaniard’s victory at the Mexico Open. Rahm carded a final round two-under-par 69 to see off the likes of Tony Finau, Kurt Kitayama and Brandon Wu by two shots to secure his seventh PGA Tour title. His win comes just three weeks after accompanying Woods around Augusta National during the final round of the American’s fairytale return at the Masters. And the Spanish star believes this Sunday pairing back in April helped him get over the line in Mexico on Sunday. Following the victory he said: “I think that Sunday with Tiger at Augusta gave me quite a bit of confidence. I was a little bit technical in my approach. A little too technical, I’m a field player. “That is something I told myself, ‘Just go out there and hit the golf ball’. Make shots, make the swings you want to make, see the ball flight and execute and I shot a three-under [at Augusta] without having my best stuff on a tough day so I applied the same thing this week.” DON'T MISS: Tiger Woods outlined bold plans and revealed why his comeback was on during Masters dinner It seemed to be somewhat of an overdue win for the former world No.1 after collecting his first title since his 2021 US Open win at Torrey Pines just under a year ago. Rahm also named his strong and ‘serious’ mentality as a factor for his win on Sunday, a trait synonymous with the great Woods throughout his stellar career. He added: “When it's go time, it's go time. When it's over, it's over. I've said it many times, I'm a very different person on and off the golf course, especially when I'm competing on a Sunday. That's a stressful part of the job. You'll see a much more serious face and a much more intense look outside… READ MORETiger Woods gives fans promising sign during US PGA practice round as major hopes buildPhil Mickelson spotted ramping up return after making Saudi Golf League decisionPhil Mickelson legacy defended by Spanish star John Rahm after Saudi Arabia comments “This should be a difference, right, on and off the golf course? We're in there to do a job, it's a different mental state. I don't know how or why I switch it so quickly, but it's just how it's always been.” Woods himself was not in action at Vidanta, however this came as no surprise after the American admitted he would now only compete ‘part-time on the PGA Tour’ due to the effects of the injuries he suffered in a high speed car accident in 2021. He will however be back in action in just two weeks’ time after his entry into this year’s PGA Championship at Southern Hills was confirmed last week, alongside long-time rival and reigning champion Phil Mickelson.