Kirk Sutherland (played by Andy Whyment) was recently promoted at Underworld Factory after impressing bosses Carla Connor (Alison King) and Sarah Platt (Tina O'Brien). But Coronation Street spoilers have revealed Kirk is set to take all the praise for Jacob Hay's (Jack James Ryan ) work in upcoming scenes on the ITV soap. Will Jacob find a way to expose Kirk's secret? Kirk did such a stellar job with schmoozing a client in recent scenes he was awarded a promotion at Weatherfield's textiles factory. In scenes to air next week Sarah tells Kirk all he has to do from now on is simply answer incoming calls. But co-worker Jacob, who is eager to impress Sarah after Carla took him on, decides to pick up one of the phone calls pretending to be Kirk. He manages to expertly handle a client's order but it becomes a case of mixed identities as the credit is later given to Kirk. READ MORE: ThisMorning guest breaks down over heartbreaking dognap Sarah tells Carla Kirk has secured a massive order with a client called Danny Mintoff who has been giving them the runaround for years. But how will Jacob react when he sees all of the praise has gone to Kirk? Later on, Sarah urges Kirk to work his sales magic on another client, but will the game be up for Kirk? Will Jacob cut in before he makes the call to tell Sarah he was the person who secured the sale with Danny?  Perhaps Jacob hopes he will get a promotion or fill Kirk's position if the bosses realise how skilled he is with sales. Could Kirk get sacked if his secret is rumbled by Jacob as his bosses may no longer trust him? Jacob actor Jack James Ryan recently called for a hard-hitting storyline on the ITV soap. He said: "I like the idea of being able to tell stories that I have personal experience with. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Tim Metcalfe dead after fatal health mistake [THEORY]Coronation Street fans 'work out' identity of Abi Franklin's donor [SPOILER]Corrie's Simon Gregson rages as car written off despite 'minor damage' [LATEST] "When I was 18, I was diagnosed with testicular cancer – I'm fine and in remission now. "But when I found out, the doctor said that it was common for young men and I had never heard that before. "I'd really love to find a way of telling a story like that for Jacob and opening the conversation," he explained to Digital Spy. Fans of the soap seem eager for the actor's character to get some more screen time in upcoming scenes.   Owen Dillon tweeted: "I like watching @JackJamesRyan_as Jacob Hays in @itvcorrie. He is brilliant at playing Jacob and he is a great character to watch on screen." @LesleyLondon agreed, adding: "Just watched last night's @itvcorrie, what a fabulous character Jacob has become!! Liking the back story coming through too. Great acting @JackJamesRyan_" Elaine Young remarked: "Well done Jack, you’ve made Jacob a brilliant character to watch." Coronation Street airs on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.  