Manchester United are reportedly one of two teams actively scouting Feyenoord full-back Tyrell Malacia. Incoming Red Devils boss Erik ten Hag is known to be a fan of the youngster after an ill-fated Ajax swoop and could use him to bolster United's defensive options after a disappointing season. Ten Hag is set to place full-back recruitments towards the top of his summer priority list. Technical, ball-playing full-backs are an important element of his tactical set-up and while Luke Shaw's Old Trafford stint is not yet dead and buried, Aaron Wan-Bissaka could be in trouble. Malacia earns his living as a tenacious left-back, and Mirror Sport claim that Ten Hag would be keen on bringing him in this summer. A meaningful challenge to Shaw's starting spot could up the overall standard, with back-up option Alex Telles failing to stamp his authority under Ralf Rangnick. Ten Hag supposedly tried to sign Malacia for Ajax, but their ferocious rivalry with Feyenoord ultimately stood in the way. A link-up with the 22-year-old could soon be on the cards, however, with no such obstacle involved in a deal that would take him to Old Trafford. JUST IN: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte labels Harry Kane demand 'impossible' as Arsenal battle looms Lyon scouts joined their United counterparts on Thursday evening when Malacia dazzled in a 3-2 victory over Marseille in the UEFA Conference League semi-finals. A reported price tag of just £20million could represent decent value if Malacia manages to usurp Shaw on the left. Having joined Feyenoord as a young schoolboy, Malacia has racked up over 100 senior appearances for the Dutch side. Four assists in 30 Eredivisie appearances this campaign suggests that he has plenty to offer going forward, and he is already a part of the Netherlands national team set-up. DON'T MISSRoy Keane rants after Man Utd draw to Chelsea as Jamie Redknapp holds back laughter [REACTION]West Ham fans 'attack' German media after Michail Antonio goal against Frankfurt [REPORT]Liverpool 'considering two more signings' after completing Fabio Carvalho transfer [GOSSIP] Ten Hag is also reportedly keen on rejuvenating the right side of United's defence, with Wan-Bissaka poised to be put in the shop window this summer. Having splashed a whopping £50m on him back in 2019, the Red Devils would expect to take a hefty financial hit before the Dutchman and his team scout out a more fitting alternative. Malacia is one of numerous possible Dutch-based arrivals this summer, with Ajax stars Antony and Jurrien Timber also linked to Old Trafford. Ten Hag spent his entire playing career and the past seven years of his managerial career in the Eredivisie, so could use his expertise to out-fox Premier League rivals to the division's hidden gems. The United board could hand Ten Hag a £120m transfer warchest with which to bolster his squad this summer, but that won't stretch very far if the club only go after big-name signings. Rangnick recently claimed that up to 10 new arrivals would be required to put the Red Devils back on the straight and narrow. Space in the squad and on the wage bill is set to open up in a few weeks' time with a host of big earners, including Paul Pogba and Edinson Cavani, set to leave for free once their contracts expire.