James Martin, 49, has been able to keep his love life under wraps despite being one of ITV’s brunch-time staple stars. But the celebrity chef has found love with his personal assistant Louise Davies after meeting on a celebrity edition of Who Wants To Be A Millionaire? in 2010. The happy couple began dating in 2011 and are said to have been inseparable since. According to a source, Louise reportedly goes “absolutely everywhere” with the TV star. In an unearthed interview, the source said: “Louise goes absolutely everywhere with him – they just don’t make a big song and dance about it. “She knows all his friends really well and regularly visited him on The Saturday Kitchen set and was on set for his ASDA commercials – so all his colleagues get on great with her too.” READ MORE: Lil Keed dead: Atlanta rapper dies at 24 as brother pays tribute The insider also revealed that Louise has friends in showbiz from James’ close circle. “She’s particularly good friends with his best mate Chris Evans' wife Natasha,” they told The Sun. Explaining Louise and James’ connection, the source revealed that the pair share a love of cars. They added: “Louise really is a girl after James’ heart. “They bonded over their love of cars and just last weekend were spotted looking loved-up at Car Fest on Saturday and at the Yorkshire Food Festival on Sunday.” In an interview from 2019, James explained why he has no intention of proposing to Louise. Asked if he would ever walk down the aisle, James said: “No, it doesn’t interest me in the slightest, mainly because I’ve catered for so many weddings, really. “I admire people who do it, that’s fine, but I’m quite happy." DON'T MISSJohnny Rotten responds to Madonna's NFT art on Piers Morgan show [LATEST]Nick Knowles addresses DIY SOS axe after BBC row over Shreddies advert [INSIGHT]Katie Piper has concerned call from bank after 'depressed' behaviour [NEWS] He continued to the Sunday People in 2019: “I don’t need to spend 60 grand on a day, no, I’m more than happy thanks.” James has also previously opened up about his future and whether he sees himself starting a family. The TV chef explained that he had sacrificed certain aspects of his private life for his career. Speaking about his success, James said: “The sacrifices you make are huge. All my mates are married and have children. “It was quite funny – my friends came over to my house last week, and we were walking through my garages when one of them said, ‘So this is what you could have had if you didn’t have kids’.” James continued to Readers Digest: “No. I’ve not got that and that’s fine. It’s a lifestyle choice. “The sacrifices you make doing your job are colossal, but the rewards are huge. “And I don’t mean financial, it’s in [your head and heart]. That’s what matters.”