The offenders have not been named but the list does not include Boris Johnson or Cabinet Secretary Simon Case. Metropolitan Police officers have now issued more than 100 fixed penalty notices as part of the Partygate investigation into a series of lockdown-busting booze-ups at Downing Street and elsewhere. Mr Johnson, his wife Carrie, and Chancellor Rishi Sunak were fined last month over a birthday party held for the PM in No 10’s Cabinet Room in June 2020. The PM is alleged to have been at six of the 12 events being examined by police and it is possible he could be fined again. The Met revealed the new fines in a brief statement on Thursday. The force said: “The investigation remains live” meaning more fixed penalty notices are likely. The update on Operation Hillman came as Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer and colleagues were under investigation for allegedly breaching Covid-19 rules in Durham in April last year. Sir Keir has said he will resign if he is issued with a fixed penalty notice. Questioned on whether it was right to say neither the PM nor Mr Case are on the new fixed penalty list, Mr Johnson’s official spokesman said: “That’s correct.” Mr Johnson has apologised for the breach which led to his fixed penalty notice. He previously said it “did not occur” to him that the gathering to mark his 56th birthday was a violation of coronavirus rules. He “now humbly accepts” he did breach Covid-19 laws.  In addition to the Partygate probe and an investigation by senior civil servant Sue Gray, the PM is facing a third inquiry by the Privileges Committee into whether he misled MPs with repeated assurances that Covid rules were followed in No 10. Mr Johnson said on Thusday he was “sure we’ll have plenty to say” when the inquiries are over. Asked if he would resign in an LBC interview broadcast, Mr Johnson said: “What matters to me and the thing that gets me out of bed in the morning is not stuff that, I think, is, however fascinating it is to people, I don’t think is material to the cost of living. “What matters to me is getting our people through the aftershocks of Covid and coming out strongly the other side, but making sure that we use ... all the legislative firepower in the Queen’s Speech, all the things that we’re doing on skills, on infrastructure, on the cost of energy, on education, to make sure that we have a strong economic recovery, that we power through.” Deputy Labour leader Angela Rayner said on Thursday: “Boris Johnson’s Downing Street has now reached a century of fixed penalty notices for their partying. “They have racked up the dubious distinction of receiving more fines on the Prime Minister’s watch than any other location. “Boris Johnson made the rules, and then broke them at record-breaking scale. Britain deserves better.” 