The Duchess of Cornwall wore a navy coat, with white flower applique detail at the front, underneath the. She wore a large navy hat with a white ribbon, and then nude heels with a black toe. Camilla’s coat is said to be a bespoke piece by designer Fiona Clare. The Duchess of Cornwall wears many of Fiona’s designs and today’s coat was a deep navy. It featured white embroirdered detail at the waist and cuffs, was A-line in shape, hitting just below her knees. It is believed the royal has the same dress but in black which she wore in 2019. READ MORE: Princess Charlene wears chic blue dress to join family for rare outing    The designer uses beautiful fabrics and trimmings which come from France and Italy to make her clothes. Fiona specialises in integrated boning, which gives the best tailored fit, as well as fine detailing using embroidery, beading and lace. Fiona previously spoke out about designing creations for Camilla and said: “I spend a lot of time looking back at pictures of her in things before making decisions about cuts, as she’s photographed from every angle so everything needs to be flattering." To complete the look, Camilla added nude tights and opted for nude block heels with a black toe. Camilla also chose a simple navy hat which had a thick white band. She accessorised her outfit with her blue Chanel AS1286 crossbody bag which she has worn a lot over the years. The bag retails for $4,500, or roughly £3,605.17. As usual, Camilla had a pair of leather gloves with her in case of cold weather. Camilla wore her signature four-stranded necklace with round diamond clasp. Camilla has opted for this accessory on several occasions. In 2015, the royal paired the fantastic jewel with a white dress at the Royal Academy Annual Dinner. Maxwell Stone, creative director at Steven Stone, stated: “Camilla’s necklace is beautiful. It’s a four stranded necklace made from cultured pearls, which are similar to natural pearls, however are cultivated on manmade pearl farms. “The round diamond clasp has a vintage design, and looks to feature Edwardian cut stones which are more irregular in size and shape than the diamonds we see today, as they were cut by hand. “There are probably around 3 to 4cts of diamonds in the clasp overall, giving this necklace a value of around £50,000.” To complete the look, Camilla added nude tights and opted for nude block heels with a black toe.  The heels are said to be from Sole Bliss - the brand Camilla always turns to for comfort and style. The exact heels are believed to be the Imogen Nude and Black Leather shoes, priced at £169. Camilla also pays for her shoes, a spokesperson previously confirmed: “Her Royal Highness pays for all her shoes from Sole Bliss, and orders online. “Her favourite styles appear to be Ingrid and Carmen, which she has in various colours. “All our shoes contain a triple-layer cushioning system which allows women to stand on their feet all day long, comfortably and in style. Twitter user @kathy121255 took to the social media platform: "Well Camilla Duchess of Cornwall looks lovely."  