The sentimental BBC show never fails to bring a tear to viewers' eyes, but presenter Jay Blades admitted it is often very moving for him and the other Repair Shop experts as well. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Jay detailed the pride he feels over the trust the experts have gained as guests leave their most cherished items in their hands.  "It is really emotional, hearing all the stories," the 52-year-old reflected. "And it's one of those things where I feel really proud and privileged that people are letting us into their family. "And they're letting us know about their stories. Sometimes, the things that we have are quite raw. "Some of the items that people bring in, and the stories that are attached to them - whether it's suicide or whether it's a death in a family - that does feel very, very personal. READ MORE: Escape to the Chateau’s Dick Strawbridge explains 'ridiculous' buy "And as it feels very personal, we are all honoured to actually have people allow us to take part in that, because you have to think if you've got let's say, four million people watching the show, as soon as they walk through the door, we have to make them feel comfortable and secure. "So they can then express what they might not have told anyone. "It's like you have to make them feel comfortable and then you have to build trust into them that their item is going to be really looked after. And that's what our job is - to do that." He added: "Some items have never left their family in 100 years. "And they're trusting you with it, like, 'Take this and repair it for me.' "You're like, 'Are you sure you want to leave it here?' and they're like, 'Yeah, we're ready now, we can do it.'" Delving further into the pressure on himself and the repairers, Jay explained: "Nothing does go wrong. "But I think every expert as soon as they take (items) feel the weight of the family's history in that item they're holding." DON'T MISS... Phil Spencer explains appeal of Location, Location, Location [EXCLUSIVE]The Repair Shop’s Jay lived among rats after father left with money [LATEST]Antiques Roadshow guest stunned by Rolex value - but missed out on £6K [VIDEO] Talking about his new Channel 5 series Jay Blades: No Place Like Home, the presenter explained how shocked he was to learn about Hackney's past. "It's unbelievable what I discovered within Hackney. Just meeting my old mates, but also meeting historians that knew everything about it. "There's so much stuff that the normal person doesn't know that historians know." He added: "The most interesting thing was all of it, but for me, it was how much I did not know about Hackney. "You live in an area for a certain amount of years, and you're saying to people, 'I know that area, I know about that street and this one and a bit of the history.' "And when they start saying, 'Well, it wasn't even part of London, it was leafy suburbs,' it's like, 'No it wasn't.' "Then you find out the history of Ridley Road and then the history of First World War bombs in your area, just up the road. "You're like, 'Wow,' so it's very hard to say which part I found the most interesting because all of it was interesting." The Repair Shop is available to watch on BBC iPlayer, while Jay Blades: No Place Like Home continues on Tuesday at 9pm on Channel 5.