Tom Cruise, 59, is rumoured to be getting close to his former flame Hayley Atwell despite their split in 2021. The two were spotted together at the Top Gun: Maverick premiere last night, where Hayley made a surprise appearance to support her former beau. Tom and Hayley went their separate ways last year following a romance. The actor and his Mission: Impossible 7 co-star, 40, were reported to have become an item in December 2020. Hayley’s decision to attend the Top Gun: Maverick premiere on Sunday reportedly stems from the pair’s reignited closeness. A source claimed: “She's purely there to support him. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman praised after rescuing stranded hiker on mountain “It's a big step for them," they added to The Sun. Express.co.uk has contacted Tom’s representatives for comment. In September, the brief romance was said to have “run its course” for Tom and Hayley. An insider said about the split at the time: “It has been a very intense period of filming together. "They really got on well – but as the latest film winds down they've decided to go back to being friends. “Their filming schedules are very full-on. “Tom has a number of other commitments coming up and is always shooting around by private helicopter and jet. “It just ran its course. DON'T MISS...Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker steal Met Gala spotlight [PICS]Brooklyn Beckham shirtless as Nicola Peltz dares to bare at Met Gala [LATEST]Anne Hegerty reacts to Mark Labbett's The Chase replacement [INSIGHT] “But they're still happy to work together. It's a shame, but just one of those things. “They still get on well.” Hayley attended the long-awaited Top Gun: Maverick premiere in Leicester Square on Thursday night. The actress wore a velvet outfit as she showed off her toned tummy. Hayley stopped for a series of photos prior to the film's screening. It had hit the big screen during the Cannes Film Festival 24 hours earlier, before the star rocked her crop top and matching skirt for its London debut. The bottom half of her outfit boasted a slit at the thigh, while she accessorised with glittering heels. Not to distract from her ensemble, Hayley opted to wear her hair in a bun. The sequel to the 1986 classic has been unanimously praised by critics. Tom, who is famous for doing his own stunts, is said to have gone through training to withstand g-force power. He also flew in real fighter jets for the sequel. Peter Hoskin for the Daily Mail gave the film five stars, writing: “Whenever the film threatens to become too cosy, it shocks itself – and us – back into the present with another madly ambitious action sequence.”