Arsenal have made Youri Tielemans a top transfer target going into the summer window after holding positive talks with the Leicester star and his representatives. A move away is on the cards after the midfielder turned down a new contract. Arsenal have held positive talks with Tielemans and his representatives after making him a top transfer target. Mikel Arteta has big plans this summer as he continues to rebuild the Gunners having spent over £150million last year. But there are still problematic areas of the squad, including in midfield. Granit Xhaka and Thomas Partey have been the preferred duo this season but a series of injuries to the latter has badly exposed the lack of depth in the position. It has made signing a midfielder one of the top priorities at the Emirates in the transfer window. Bringing in a striker remains the No. 1 goal but that does not mean that the rest of the squad will be bolstered while Tieleamans looks set to leave Leicester this summer. The Belgium international turned down a contract earlier this season already, paving the way for a move away. According to The Athletic, Arsenal are one of the favourites having spoken to the player and his agent and getting some positive feedback. Clinching Champions League football will remain pivotal, though, with three games left in the Premier League. The Gunners lead Tottenham by four points while all eyes will be on this Thursday when Arsenal can confirm their return to Europe's most prestigious competition with a win over their local rivals. Doing so will have huge significance in the transfer window. Tielemans has been a top performer in the Premier League over the years at the King Power Stadium after joining Leicester initially on loan in January 2019 before signing permanently that summer from Monaco. The Foxes forked out £32m for his services and it remains to be seen if they will make a major profit on that total this year. Leicester are open to selling as a result of the former Anderlecht star's contract expiring in 12 months time, meaning they could lose him for free if they decide to keep him. That could have an impact on his price, who had been valued as high as £50m when interest arose in the past. The 25-year-old was a huge part of the Leicester side that won the FA Cup in 2021 when his long-range effort was enough to beat Chelsea. He remains a key part of Brendan Rodgers' midfield, scoring six and assisting three in 29 Premier League appearances this season.