NCIS is due to return to CBS and Disney Plus on May 2 and the upcoming episode will be full of surprises. Not only does Sean Murray's daughter Cay Ryan star in the episode, but they also play a pivotal role. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the star. Fans will be interested to see how Sean's real-life relationship with his daughter translates on screen. Cay plays a teenager named Teagan Fields, who is caught up in the team's latest case. She and McGee (played by Sean Murray) form a close bond after spending time together. McGee could become a father figure to Teagan, and elements of their off-screen relationship could creep in. Sean took to Instagram to proudly introduce his daughter to the series. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton pregnant as Cain Dingle dies in tragedy Alongside a photo of the pair, he said: "I am pleased to introduce my daughter, Cay Ryan Murray, into the on-screen world of NCIS! "Cay guest stars in our upcoming May 2 episode and I couldn't be more proud." Cay is also on Instagram but they have only shared three posts so far. They did share an Instagram story with a few behind the scenes snaps of the upcoming episode. The first image featured the character Teagan sitting on one of the NCIS team desks. While the second shot showed Cay and their father sitting together on a bench outside. Teagan will be part of a ring of teen partygoers the team is investigating. Their inquiries come after a string of break-ins at Marine Base Quantico. DON'T MISS... Jennie Bond details why royals will NOT stand with Prince Andrew NCIS’ Sean Murray pays tribute to daughter ahead of guest role NCIS LA boss delivers disappointing update on Hetty Lange future Their role in The Brat Pack will mark their on-screen debut. Fans took to social media to wish Sean's daughter luck ahead of the episode's release. Shelleyrostlund said: "Wow that must feel surreal. Especially if [they were] little when you first started on the show. How fab." Electromanken added: "Just simply fantastic!!! It's going to be Epic." Viewers are excited to see the two stars' chemistry play out on screen. _blindman420 said: "A picture says everythin n a thousand words, n this one says it all look at the chemistry n happiness in this single frame! "Can't wait to see this episode, I think tho gibbs/Mark would be more proud of both of you for this!" [Sic] Sean has a brilliant relationship with his daughter and earlier this year he shared a photo of the pair attending a concert in LA. He said: "System of a Down in LA a few weeks ago with my beautiful Cay... one of the best times of my life. "Head banging for two hours with your child is one of those things you don't get to do often. Highly recommended."  NCIS season 19 airs on Disney Plus in the UK and CBS in the US.