Subwoolfer performed Give That Wolf A Banana as they represented Norway at the Eurovision Song Contest in Turin, Italy. The music duo performed in black suits with white shirts and yellow wolf-head masks and fans are convinced Ben Adams is one of the singers hiding behind the distinctive costume. The Norwegian pop duo wowed fans in the semi-finals earlier this year and viewers are desperate to uncover their identities. @andersdosen wrote: “If you remember Ben Adams from the boyband a1, he is rumored to be behind one of the masks. Let's gooo, Norway!” @SophieAthawes added: “YES to #Norway being one half of A1 - Christian is Norwegian and that definitely sounds like Ben Adams  #Eurovision.” @EEstenstad tweeted: “It’s Ben Adams from A1 trying to save grandmas!” Read more: Eurovision 2022 LIVE: UK sudden drop in odds - sends shock waves @jonathanland91 shared: “I can't believe Ben Adams from the boyband A1 might be one of the guys dressed up for Norway's song, 'Give That Wolf a Banana.’ “A great song for #Eurovision, even though I'm not sure I can see it winning. It is an outside favourite to win, so I could be wrong. #Eurovision.” “How is it Ben Adams from A1 might be in Norway's entry! That song is soo Eurovision! #Eurovision #Norway,” @charljadepotter remarked. @lozwinter exclaimed: “WAIT. I mean, I’m gonna need to know if one of Subwoolfer is Ben Adams from A1 because that’s a game changer  #Eurovision #NOR.” Meanwhile, a friend of the boyband star has revealed he’s also convinced Ben is one half of Subwoolfer. He said: “I’ve known him for over 10 years. I spoke to him the other day and he still won’t confirm or deny if he is a member of Subwoolfer." “But... I’ve listened to the track and I could be wrong, but it certainly sounds like him,” he told The Mirror. Subwoolfer only formed last year but enjoyed a rise in popularity after winning Norway’s competition to decide their Eurovision entry, the Melodi Grand Prix 2022. DON'T MISSEurovision 2022: Graham Norton details Italy's tactics [INTERVIEW]Norway sends fans crazy with 'grandma' flashing but what does it mean? [INSIGHT]Eurovision 2022: Sweden’s win ‘sealed’ as data points to success [DATA] The musical duo who were formed “4.5billion years ago on the moon” go by pseudonyms Keith and Jim. A1 star Ben lives in Oslo with his Norwegian fiancée Sara Skjoldnes and their eight-month-old daughter. Meanwhile, historical data suggest Norway have history on their side. Data experts at bookies’ BoyleSports have analysed the past performance of every country since Eurovision began in 1956. Norway, who were outsiders going into the final with odds of 66/1, are the second highest point scorers. Sweden are the most successful nation while the UK is in eighth place on the all-time standings. A spokesperson for BoyleSports said: “Our Eurovision number-crunchers analysed every competition in the contest’s history to reveal the ultimate champion. “Thanks to the likes of Eurovision legends ABBA, Sweden are the greatest performing nation of all time, and the odds suggest they’re in with a great chance of winning it for a sixth time. “Despite two infamous nul points, the data shows that the UK has a surprisingly strong scoring record which could be added to this year with Sam Ryder amongst the favourites this year.” Eurovision is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.