Carrying out painting jobs yourself is often far cheaper than hiring a professional to do the job. While it may take a bit more research and planning beforehand, results can often look the same. According to Dulux, using an unloaded roller while the paint is still damp is “crucial” in achieving a great finish. The DIY experts shared that the first step to paining any ceiling is to “prepare” the room. They said: “All good projects begin with good preparation. “So clear your area, lay down a drop sheet, then grab yourself a ladder, brush, tape, roller and extension pole and tray. This includes removing furniture from the room or away from the walls so you can get to the edges and covering the floors and anything Britons don’t want to get splattered with dust sheets. People can use hessian dust sheets, but old bedsheets work just as well, and don’t require an extra spend – Remove light shades and any light fittings possible in order to get right to the edges when painting. READ MORE: Grand design: Couple change minds at '11th hour' on £300k home The next step to achieve great results is to clean the ceiling. The DIY pros said: “It’s true, no one enjoys cleaning but missing this step could lead to trouble later on.” If you are painting a ceiling that already has painted plaster, ensure the area is free of crumbling or damaged paint by scraping away loose areas with a screwdriver or hard-bristle brush. Clean the ceiling with a sugar soap solution. It’s best to use a sponge mop for this as a handheld sponge could make your shoulder ache. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ hack to get rid of ants in homes [TIPS]Washing: ‘Cheap and effective laundry substitutes’ to remove stains [EXPERT]Gardening: Monty Don shares ‘the best way’ to deadhead tulips [INSIGHT] The edges of the ceiling should then be masked to avoid getting paint on the joining walls. Using decorator’s tape mask off the area where the ceiling joins the wall or the coving for those who have any. DIYers might want to paint the coving at the same time, in which case mask off the area where the coving joins the wall. Once the walls are masked off and cleaned it’s time to paint. The experts continued: “Just like a vertical wall, begin by cutting-in where the roller won’t reach. “Using a brush, paint around downlights and edges to create a border.” This helps to avoid getting paint on any other surfaces that are not the ceiling. The paint roller should then be loaded with paint “evenly”, according to experts. They said: “Begin in one corner and move fluidly in a parallel motion. “For best results, work in one metre sections painting across and then down.” It is important to roll as far into the previously brushed sections as possible. The painting gurus added: “Now that you’ve finished a large section of your ceiling, and while it’s still damp, you can begin laying-off the paint. “This is a crucial step in achieving a smooth and consistent finish. “Using an unloaded roller begin in the top left corner of your ceiling and gently pull towards you in a straight line with no pressure. “A lightness of touch will prevent new brush strokes from forming. Repeat this action and slightly overlap your last movement so your roller rubs away the line created by the previous stroke.” If the ceiling requires two coats, simply wait two hours for the first coat to dry then begin at step four and re-cut the ceiling.