According to new research, small changes when driving can make the average petrol or diesel tank stretch £17 further. Hypermiling has become more popular amongst drivers in recent months as they look to try and save money on the rising price of fuel. Based on data from GoCompare and Hypermiler.co.uk, small adjustments to driving style can offer the average motorist a 20 percent gain on their miles per gallon efficiency. All hypermiling techniques are simple, achievable and can be used regardless of what type of car they drive. By adapting everyday driving habits with the aim of optimising braking, acceleration and aerodynamics, the car will respond with increased efficiency. When driving, harsh braking can reduce fuel efficiency. READ MORE: Older drivers slam ‘unacceptable’ maximum driving age proposals Abrupt deceleration burns extra fuel as the driver will have to regain lost speed with more acceleration, making the vehicle work harder. Taking it slow or easing to a stop will not only save the motorist fuel but make their driving smoother too. Karl Dyson, Founder of hypermiler.co.uk, is keen to see motorists practise more fuel-efficient methods. He said: “At least a 20 percent gain could be made just by being aware that they are trying to save fuel. DON'T MISSUK car park that fines drivers even if they don’t park [SHOCKING]Furious 20mph camera debate on GMB [ARGUMENT]EV owners 'not immune' from costs - charging prices rise 21 percent [WARNING] “Most of it is common sense but many people are so stuck in their own ways and driving styles that they soon forget about trying to save fuel. “Someone really focused should see a good 40 to 50 percent increase in MPG. “I myself see a jump from the 30s to 50 plus MPG just by being aware of what I'm doing and that I need to concentrate on hypermiling. “It's easy to let slip and very hard to keep it going consistently.” Focused drivers could reap even more benefits, with a 40 to 50 percent average increase in MPG for dedicated eco-motorists. This works out as a potential £34 bonus on every tank refuelled. Across the nation, introducing hypermiling habits onto the roads could equate to over £509million worth of collective savings. These significant savings will also go a long way to improve carbon emissions through decreased fuel consumption.  Ryan Fulthorpe, car insurance expert at GoCompare, said of the research: “These days, more and more drivers are looking to make their money go further, especially when it comes to refuelling so these findings made very interesting reading. “Hypermiling is a great way to save yourself money and also practise safer driving, which can, in turn, lead to better road safety and less risk of needing to claim on your insurance. It is the perfect solution financially, environmentally and safety wise. “Hypermiling, as with any other form of driving technique, can be dangerous if used on the wrong road and in unsuitable traffic conditions or where there are lots of other hazards nearby - in built up areas, narrow roads, pedestrians and parked vehicles. “Please always be aware of other road users and do not endanger yourself or others for the sake of saving a few miles per gallon. “Always make sure you are in full control of your vehicle, avoid any techniques that could mean you reduce your ability to control your vehicle safely and make sure you follow the Highway Code.”