Brussels-era red tape still clogs our economy, slows innovation and frustrates everyday life. Jacob Rees-Mogg is taking a chainsaw to rules and regulations that do nothing to improve society. It has taken several years for Britain to begin to appreciate just how different a country we can be now that the days of Whitehall mandarins gold-plating orders from the EU are at last over. Our liberty-loving nation will welcome any bid to free people from the burdens of form-filling and box-ticking. GPs and police officers are weighed down with responsibilities that do little to improve services but rob them of precious time; people should be trusted and empowered to make their own decisions and exercise common sense wherever possible. There was always a sense during our long decades of EU membership that many of our fellow member states took a much more relaxed approach to enforcing the diktats of Brussels. Britain dutifully played by these foreign-crafted rules but now sovereignty has returned and we should seize this opportunity to let decent and responsible people get on with their lives. ---------- British veterans and the friends and families of all of those who died or were injured in the liberation of the Falklands have the right to a response from France about claims it refused to give the UK a “kill switch” for Exocet missiles. The French-made missiles were responsible for the deaths of 46 British sailors. French President Francois Mitterrand denied the existence of technology to disarm the missiles but there are many unanswered questions. Veteran Simon Weston has said he would be “hugely disappointed” if France “did do a dirty”. The sinking of HMS Sheffield 40 years ago was a tragic event which is seared into the nation’s memory. Britain did everything possible to protect those who served, but did France? It is time for candour not cover-up, and a true ally would reveal the full truth. ---------- Diego Maradona may have got one over England in the 1986 World Cup but there is a delicious irony that former England midfielder Steve Hodge has sold the Argentinian’s shirt for £7.1million. Hodge swapped it with Maradona after the famous quarter-final in Mexico and, 36 years later, it has shattered records for the highest price for sports memorabilia. If that’s not the definition of a God-given gift, what is?