Prince Harry recently said in an interview with US journalist Hoda Kotb that he was personally making sure his grandmother, Queen Elizabeth II, is "protected and has the right people around her". Following a security breach at Windsor Castle which saw a "fake priest" make his way past the Coldstream Guards and into the Victorian Barracks, the Duke of Sussex has been told to prove he cares and return to his "ailing grandmother". TalkTV host Jeremy Kyle took aim at Prince Harry insisting he get his "backside" back to the UK to help to look after his grandmother. He began: "The Harry thing, we go back there. "'I think [the Queen] should have the right people around her,' that was nothing to do with security that was him digging at his father and his brother and probably his uncle, the Duke of York. "That's what I personally think, but I will also say to everybody that if you deeply care and I won't mention his deal for once. READ MORE: 'It was a big risk' Steph McGovern opens up on viewing figures "Get your backside back from America and spend more time with your ailing grandmother, who has been a paragon on everything that is brilliant about the monarchy for 70 years. "She doesn't deserve the way you think, and the security thing, he wanted to bring American security people with guns. "He lost his British protection, didn't he, because he went to America and didn't want to be Royal Family paid," he concluded. Current Affairs journalist and TalkTV guest James Max chipped in: "Well, he didn't want to be Royal Family, but he seems to want to take all the benefits of being in the Royal Family. "I am going to mention those deals, those tens of millions of pounds on the back of the fact that he comes from the British monarchy and the damage that he does. "The only things that we want to hear from him are when he is going to give us details behind the closed doors of the Royal Family, nobody wants to hear about the fantasy stuff. "The woke nonsense, and also nobody wants to hear about this either because trying to connect what has gone on here, of course, it was a security breach. "It has nothing to do with having the right people around, it is about him, and it is about him having a dig at his father and brother. DON'T MISS...Royal Family could launch 'effort to reel' Meghan and Harry back in [INSIGHT]Harry warned Queen 'needs protecting' from his royal 'hand grenades' [LATEST]Queen health update: Monarch set on appearing on balcony for Jubilee [MORE] "But it is also about the people surrounding him, this is about the fact that he doesn't like the people that help to make the decisions and run the monarchy because they didn't do what he wanted," he blasted. It comes after details of the security breach at Windsor Castle became public with a source The Sun: "The guy turned up at the gate, said his name was Father Cruise and claimed to be a friend of the battalion’s Padre, the Rev Matt Coles. "He was invited in and offered something to eat, within a couple of hours, he was drinking with the officers in the bar. “He was telling lots of tall stories, and the lads were enjoying his banter, it was only later when he started talking about how he had worked as an ejector-seat test pilot and had some organs replaced that the chaps began to get suspicious. “Checks were made in the morning, and it was apparent this guy wasn’t a bona fide priest.” Ex-Met Police commander John O’Connor said: “The timing is very serious, they should already be on full alert for the Jubilee." The Talk airs weekdays from 9pm on TalkTV.