Rio Ferdinand appeared to offer out Joleon Lescott live on air for speaking 'blasphemy' in the wake of Manchester City's defeat to Real Madrid. The duo were both on punditry duty for BT Sport for the second leg of the Champions League semi-final tie. After the game, Ferdinand had been full of praise for the manner of Madrid's comeback, with Lescott left heartbroken. But BT presenter Jake Humphrey pointed out that Ferdinand may also have been left aggreived given he had celebrated City's goal at the Bernabeu. Humphrey's comments led Lescott to highlight that Ferdinand had opted to wear a blue suit for the game, a close resembelance to the colour of City's shirt. Humphrey said to Ferdinand: "You're lucky nobody was filming your celebration when City scored." Lescott then pointed to Ferdinand's suit by saying: "Now he wants to be the hero down here, he's worn blue, yeah you heard me, you've won blue." But those comments annoyed Ferdinand, who appeared to offer out his fellow pundit by saying: "We'll be rolling Joleon if you carry on with that blasphemy on TV." READ MORE: Man City's Guardiola shares theory behind meltdown vs Real Madrid The goal that Mahrez scored had appeared to put City on course to reach their second successive Champions League final. The winger fired in from the edge of the box after an excellent run by Bernando Silva from midfield. But Rodrygo scored twice at the death to remarkably send the game into extra-time. Early into that additional portion, Ruben Dias gave away a penalty, which Karim Benzema converted to deal City an emabrassing defeat. DON'T MISS: Jack Grealish screams 'f*** off' at ref as Man City final hopes fade (NEWS)Mohamed Salah gets wish as Real Madrid stun Man City to reach final (INSIGHT)Real Madrid's Casemiro lucky to escape red card vs Man City (ANALYSIS) Having seen Madrid mount a remarkable comeback, Ferdinand hailed Carlo Ancelotti's side for their performance. And he fired a warning to Liverpool to not write them off ahead of their clash in the showpiece final at the end of the month. "You should never doubt the players in this team. We have always said, experience counts for so much in this competition, but they showed heart, desire. These players, they have been there, they have seen this. No matter where they are, what players that they have got, these boys trust each other, trust the manager, and this crowd, they have been crazy," Ferdinand said.