Getting rid of a wasps nest might be your main priority if you've noticed one has formed in the eaves of your home or tucked away in your garden. However, according to pest control experts, trying to tackle nest removal yourself is not only "highly dangerous" but can also be "ineffective". Experts from Pest UK said: "Many people think that to get rid of wasps you need to get rid of the nest itself. "However, surprisingly, this is not the case. "To treat wasps you do not need to remove the nest. "In fact, any attempt to remove a nest before the wasp colony has been eliminated is not only highly dangerous but is also ineffective." READ MORE: Protect your garden from slugs using fruit - acts as a ‘trap’ Although it might seem like common sense to remove a wasp nest once you notice the stinging insects buzzing around, the experts say this isn't actually "necessary". Wasps' nests are not reusable, meaning the Queen of the colony will build her own nest each year. Once she is done with a nest, it is unlikely another colony will move into a pre-made nest. The other reason you should not disturb a nest yourself is that wasps tend to attack if they feel threatened. DON'T MISSInterior designer shares ‘clever tricks’ to make rooms feel larger  [REVEALED]How to kill ivy: Easy salt and vinegar solution to get rid 'for good' [COMMENT]How to use tea bags to deter cats and foxes from ruining your garden [INSIGHT] Pest UK explained: "Do not attempt to remove or treat a wasp nest yourself. "A number of DIY nest removal guides and treatment products can be found online. "These may seem convenient and cheaper, but they are often unsafe and ineffective. "Wasps will sting if they feel their nest is threatened and will even call for backup from the rest of their colony to protect themselves and the nest." Wasp stings are painful and, in some extreme cases, can even be fatal. This is particularly true for children and pets. According to Pest UK, the best way to tackle an infestation of wasps is to call a team of professionals. They will work to eliminate the colony before getting rid of the nest. The experts said: "We recommend leaving the nest a month or so before any attempt is made to remove it. "The nest should not be removed until all the vacant wasps have returned, been contaminated by the insecticide and have died."