But the source is not a Republican party candidate or a conservative strategist. Instead, those words belong to John Anzalone, Joe Biden's pollster during the 2020 presidential campaign. In an impressive bout of candor, Anzalone addressed the issue of the Democratic party’s chances in November. His conclusion is that Biden’s party appears headed for a massive drubbing on Election Day. Someone not speaking candidly is Biden, himself. His most notable observations on the forthcoming election are that, should the Republicans win back Congress, it will be the result of their cheating to win, full stop. For Biden, it is inconceivable that his partisan opponents could lawfully elect more congressmen and senators than his own party. Not that the President is worried about a Republican victory, fraudulent or otherwise. He is forecasting that his party win gain at least three Senate seats, thereby taking outright control of Congress’ upper chamber. The Senate is currently split 50-50, with Democrats controlling the chamber due to Vice President Kamala Harris’ tiebreaking vote. As the campaign revs up over the summer, Biden’s optimistic outlook could be written off as a wily veteran campaigner’s savvy propaganda designed to keep Democratic activists, volunteers, fundraisers, and donors motivated. Such an outlook would be far too generous. Sadly, for Biden, and tragically for America, the president’s pontificating reflects little in the way of Machiavellian magic. Instead, it epitomises the extent to which he is detached from his own administration’s day-to-day machinations, the nation’s struggling economy, and America’s weakened global image. Consequently, the president is oblivious to the concerns, priorities, and subsequent voting intentions of most Americans. And, they know it. On Thursday, on the back of the terrible news that the American economy actually shrank in the first quarter of this year, Biden said he did not see a recession on the horizon. Putting aside the fact that a second consecutive quarter of negative economic growth would put America, technically, in an actual recession, the president does not appreciate that most Americans do think a recession is likely in the next year or two, as do an increasing number of economists. Presidential pooh-poohing of a forthcoming recession will go over with voters about as well as the president’s year-long pooh-poohing of inflation as an actual thing, let alone a real problem for Americans. The White House initially assured everyone that inflation was not a concern. Then, the official word was the inflation affecting everyone’s wallets was merely “transitory”. Next, inflation was acknowledged to be real, but was the fault of price gouging corporations, especially Big Oil. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine facilitated the current line that inflation, which is running at a 40-year high even by the administration’s dubious accounting methods, is all Vladimir Putin’s fault. American voters simply are not buying what the president and his surrogates are selling. Voters are first and foremost consumers. On a daily basis, they are intimately reminded that everything costs more, often a lot more, than it did before Biden occupied the Oval Office. They also know the cost-of-living has been rising for over a year. So, they don’t blame the Russians or petroleum profiteers. Instead, they blame Biden and the other self-advertised Kings of Competence in the Democratic party whose managerial oversight of the nation’s economic affairs has been found wanting. READ MORE: Starmer is the big loser from the local elections not Boris With inflation and other economic issues dominating voters’ priorities, it is entirely predictable that Biden and his Democratic colleagues continue to bear the brunt of the voters’ ire. Biden’s negative ratings on handling the economy are the foundation of his dismal overall approval rating. The widespread view that his presidency is failing places a weighty albatross around the necks of Democratic candidates throughout much of the country. The Biden administration’s months-long attempt to maneuver the political narrative from domestic, especially economic, matters to those farther afield centres upon the American-driven response to the Russian invasion of Ukraine. So far, this maneuvering has produced disappointing results. The inability to change water-cooler conversations from petrol prices to defending Ukrainian democracy is due to several factors. DON'T MISS Starmer is the big loser from the local elections not Boris [INSIGHT] Have Your Say: Did Keir Starmer mislead the public over pre-planned... [REACT] 'EU not showing flexibility' Brandon Lewis issues protocol threat [REVEAL] The aforementioned failure to convince people that Putin, not Biden, caused energy prices to spike reduces the public’s incentive to view the Russian president as an economic bogeyman, whatever they may think of Putin as a person, or of Russia in political or military terms. Americans were initially quite supportive of the sanctions that the Biden administration promised would collapse the Russian economy. But domestic supply chain problems and rising prices, when contrasted with full shelves in Moscow and a ruble gaining in strength against the American dollar, mean the unceasing drumbeat about Russia’s ruined economy rings rather hollow. Crucially, voters increasingly appreciate that the tit-for-tat sanctions dance ongoing between Russia and most Western nations is harming them here at home more than their intended target, the Russian people. The crisis in Ukraine simply is not a high enough priority among Americans for President Biden to receive the political boost his advisors anticipated. Yes, Americans dislike Putin very much. And, yes, they overwhelmingly oppose the Russian invasion. But they oppose in equal measure putting Americans in harm’s way to defend Ukraine. And, they do not support steps that could lead to war with Russia because they do not perceive Russia to be a massive threat to America, itself, whatever Putin’s intentions regarding eastern Europe. In order to maximise the probability that the invading Russian bear exhausts himself, militarily, economically, and politically, the American plan is clearly to extend Western support for Ukraine for as long as possible in the hope that eventually the bear scurries home with its figurative tail between its legs. Two months of polling Americans’ views on this crisis strongly suggests the political timeline is quite different. In fact, the longer American economic pressure and military support fail to weaken Russian resolve, the greater the probability that Ukraine morphs from the Democrats’ political oasis into their electoral quicksand. Democratic party candidates for the Senate are among those in greatest peril should Biden’s presidency continue to be viewed in such a harsh light. This month’s Democracy Institute/Sunday Express poll introduces a question on the generic senatorial ballot. The results are disappointing for those hoping that the Democrats can at least save one chamber of Congress. We find that Republicans are favoured by a significant, if not insurmountable, margin over their Democratic opponents. The Republicans’ senatorial lead is not as large as the party’s lead on the generic congressional ballot, but it sufficiently sizeable that we can project some preliminary outcomes in November. One-third of the Senate is elected in each cycle, so our national survey incorporates the two-thirds of the country with strong opinions but without a vote this year. Nevertheless, the senatorial data has considerable utility. First, in the modern era most senate races operate as mini-national elections with spending levels, advertising campaigns, and debated issues reflecting national stakeholders’ concerns, interests, and trends. Second, the Republicans are defending more Senate seats this year than the Democrats, which helps to balance out, in partisan terms, some of the anti-incumbent, pro-opposition mood that dominates almost all midterm elections. Third, our initial polling data, buttressed by party registration trends, reveals clear advantages for Republican candidates in certain regions and states. The very good news for the Republicans’ senatorial campaign is Biden’s approval rating is lowest and the party is polling best where it most needs to do well to unseat incumbent Democratic senators and to protect Republican-held seats. Republicans are doing especially well in the Southwest, where Democratic incumbents are vulnerable in Arizona and Nevada; in the southeast, where a new Democratic senator is under serious threat in Georgia; and throughout much of the Midwest, including Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin. Should these numbers hold, the Republicans will gain a handful of seats and wrest back control of the Senate.  Biden foresees a Democratic triumph in senatorial races because he does not understand what it driving many independents, as well as a good slice of the Democratic vote, to support Republican candidates this year. It is the very same rationale that is moving these voters to the Republican side at the congressional level, too. A majority of voters do not agree with Biden and the Democrats that foreign wars, climate change, racial issues, transgenderism, radical school curricula, and other assorted woke-based policy prescriptions should be Congress’ current priorities. Most voters’ own radical notion is to think their own priorities also should be the priorities of their elected representatives in the Senate and the House of Representatives. Republicans currently stand atop a voter wave because they enjoy very healthy leads over the Democrats on addressing the issues that actually matter a great deal to most voters: inflation, the economy, crime, education, and immigration. Over the coming months, we shall discover how expertly, or inexpertly, Republicans navigate these tangible economic, social, and cultural concerns.