As around 2.1 million Tax Credits customers get ready to renew their annual claims before July 31, HMRC is warning that criminals who mimic Government messages are looking to deceive people. In the 12 months to April, nearly 277,000 people contacted HMRC about suspicious contact received from the public in the form of phone calls, text messages and emails. Fraudsters use phone calls, text messages and emails to try and dupe individuals – often trying to rush them to make decisions. They are leaving phone calls threatening to arrest people if they don’t immediately pay fictitious tax owed. Sometimes they claim that the victim’s National Insurance number has been used fraudulently. Britons are reminded that HMRC will not ring anyone out of the blue threatening arrest – only criminals do that. READ MORE: Carer's Element explained: Thousands could get £169 extra each month - can you apply?  “Search GOV.UK for our ‘scams checklist’ and to find out ‘how to report tax scams’." HMRC has also said that it does not charge tax credits customers to renew their annual claims. They are urging Britons to be alert to misleading websites or adverts designed to make them pay for Government services that should be free. Scammers often try and charge people for a connection to HMRC phone helplines - but this would not happen. If someone does receive such an email purporting to be from HMRC or an email promising a tax rebate, Britons should not respond. Don’t click on any website links within the email and don’t disclose any personal or payment information. Instead, people can contact HMRC directly to check whether the email is genuine. HMRC told Which? consumer group that it does call people about outstanding tax bills, and sometimes uses automated messages, but it will always include your taxpayer reference number. It says it will never send notifications of a tax rebate or ask you to disclose personal or payment information by email or text message. People can forward suspicious text messages to 60599. Text messages will be charged at your network rate. HMRC has issued the following three-point plan to stop scammers in their tracks: