Neil Dudgeon took over the lead detective role in Midsomer Murders from original star John Nettles who left after 14 years of fronting the drama. As DCI Tom Barnaby chose to retire, his cousin, DCI John Barnaby (played by Neil Dudgeon) came to town to take over the job of protecting the village. As the show celebrates its 25th anniversary, fans are eager to find out more about the man behind the detective. Neil Dudgeon is married to BBC Radio producer Mary Peate who he shares children Joe and Greta Dudgeon with. Peate has worked on several radio adaptations of work by Agatha Christie during her career, including Ordeal by Innocence and And Then There Were None. Little else is known about Peate as the couple has chosen to keep their private life out of the spotlight. They did make one previous television appearance together though which gave a slight insight into their marriage. READ MORE: Stranger Things season 4 release time: What time is it on Netflix? Back in 2012, Dudgeon and Peate featured in an episode of All Star Mr & Mrs, hosted by This Morning's Philip Schofield. In one of the rounds, Peate was asked which fictional detective her husband would be in real life out of Miss Marple, Poirot or Columbo. She opted in for the third option which turned out to be a match with Dudgeon's answer. During a short but sweet moment, she told her husband: “None of them are very lovely are they, not nearly lovely enough for you darling.” Dudgeon previously spoke to Radio Times about the time when his beloved wife mocked him for binge-watching Midsomer Murders. He explained: “I accidentally came across the beginning of an episode recently and thought, ‘I’ll just watch the first two minutes.’ “An hour later my wife found me still there. “She said, ‘What are you doing? You spend your whole life making it, why are you watching it?’” DON'T MISS...'I don't care' Jane McDonald opens up on appearance concerns [EXPLAINER]Midsomer Murders brings back veterans for anniversary special [CAST]Michael Caine's warning detailed by Midsomer Murders' Annette Badland [WARNING] In the drama itself, Dudgeon also has a successful married life but this time to his fictional wife Sarah Barnaby (Fiona Dolman) who works as a secondary school headmistress. They first met at university and have been inseparable ever since, welcoming their daughter Betty in the season 16 finale. Sarah is portrayed by actress Fiona Dolman who was Miss Pamela Andrews in ITV's The Royal. She was also Jackie Rosemary Lambert Bradley, PC Mike Bradley's solicitor wife in Heartbeat. Dudgeon will be back to mark the 25th anniversary of Midsomer Murders, both in a one-off documentary and an episode. The documentary, entitled Midsomer Murders – 25 Years of Mayhem, sees key cast members from throughout the years talk about the show's rise to success. Dudgeon will be onscreen with original star John Nettles for the first time since he took over as lead actor in 2011. Midsomer Murders – 25 Years of Mayhem premieres on Sunday, May 29, at 8pm on ITV.