Everton fans swarmed the Goodison Park pitch in huge numbers on Thursday evening when Dominic Calvert-Lewin scored the third in a miraculous comeback against Crystal Palace. Frank Lampard's men found themselves two goals down by half-time, but a second-half surge saw them snatch the three points and mathematically secure their Premier League safety in dramatic fashion. Jean-Philippe Mateta and Jordan Ayew put Palace two to the good on Merseyside, which made it look as though Everton would be fighting for survival right up until the final day. A daunting visit to Arsenal was looming large for Lampard's side, and he evidently delivered a rousing half-time team talk. After the break, goals from Michael Keane, Richarlison and Calvert-Lewin completed a stunning fightback, and those in attendance could hardly contain their jubilation. When Calvert-Lewin scored the third with five minutes to play in normal time, clusters of fans ran onto the pitch in celebration. JUST IN: Man Utd's Paul Pogba 'agreed terms' with Man City before U-turn due to 'unbearable' fear  The striker himself was visibly fuming with the supporters, ushering them back to their seats so that the match could resume and the Toffees could continue fighting for the three points. And they did just that, seeing out five minutes of stoppage time to topple Vieira's side and go four points clear of relegation danger with one to play, leading to another huge pitch invasion at full time. Lampard and co can now rest up and enjoy their final-day trip to north London while Burnley and Leeds United fight amongst themselves. The Clarets drew at Aston Villa on Thursday which leaves them clear of the relegation zone only on goal difference. DON'T MISSArsenal to back Arteta with 'heavy' investment despite CL failureErik ten Hag snubs Ajax end-of-season trip as 'there is a lot to do' at Manchester UnitedEverton to investigate allegations of racism from Brentford duo Ivan Toney and Rico Henry  It remains to be seen whether Calvert-Lewin's dramatic winner goes down as his last goal for the club he joined as a teenager back in 2016. The 25-year-old could feature against Arsenal next time out, a club with whom he has been heavily linked before, while Newcastle United are also rumoured to be interested despite his sub-par form this campaign. The relief in the dugout was clear to see at the final whistle as Lampard orchestrated a spirited win, the likes of which looked miles away earlier in the season. Unlikely away victories against Chelsea and Leicester City gave fans real belief, but there was still huge pressure on Thursday night with those in attendance desperate to avoid a sticky situation at the Emirates.  With survival assured, it remains to be seen whether Lampard will be backed in the transfer window. Years of reckless spending left Rafa Benitez searching for bargains last summer, and it could be a similar story unless the Toffees are able to reinvest proceeds from player sales. Everton's defence have taken particularly fierce criticism this season after a sequence of disorganised displays midway through the campaign. Lampard seems to have found a semi-functional recipe just in time, however, and it all came together late on at Goodison Park this Thursday.