Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have been told to "live somewhere more modest" amid speculation over the pair's finances. The Duke of Sussex, who previously told Oprah Winfrey he had been "cut off" by the Royal Family, said he signed deals to afford security. After buying an £11million house in Montecito, California, royal expert Richard Eden queried the couple's future source of income. Speaking to Palace Confidential on Mail+, Mr Eden said: "Remember that Prince Harry said explicitly in his interview with Oprah Winfrey that they only signed the deals with Spotify and Netflix because he has been cut off by his family. "He was saying we need the money. "Since then they've got some other deals for things like BetterUp but he made clear they needed to do that sort of deal. "It does make me wonder about what the future holds." READ MORE: Meghan and Harry warned 'not in their interest' to continue rift Royal commentator Andrew Pierce noted: "They don't have to live in a house with nine bathrooms. "They could live somewhere more modest." Harry had told Oprah: "We didn’t have a plan. [The Netflix deal] was suggested by somebody else by the point of where my family literally cut me off financially, and I had to afford security for us. "[They cut me off] In the first quarter of 2020. But I've got what my mum left me, and, without that, we would not have been able to do this." It comes Meghan's animated show about a young girl has been dropped by Netflix. The Archewell Productions show Pearl - one of two projects announced as part of Harry and Meghan's Netflix deal - was set to focus on the adventures of a 12-year-old girl inspired by influential women from history. Meghan was to serve as an executive producer of the series alongside David Furnish - filmmaker and husband of Sir Elton John - according to an announcement published on the Archewell website last July. Pearl has been axed by Netflix as part of strategic decisions the streaming giant is making around animated series. DON'T MISS Meghan 'loathed' England but may 'come back for biggest role' - claim [ANALYSIS]Queen in 'lose-lose situation' as Harry and Meghan to steal spotlight [INSIGHT]Meghan 'stole the soundbite' off Kate in rare Fab 4 outing [VIDEO] It is understood Netflix has decided not to move forward with development on several projects, one of which is Pearl. This is believed to be not uncommon for development, and Netflix recently decided not to move forward with other animated series. Harry and Meghan signed a multimillion-pound deal with Netflix in 2020. The news that Pearl is being dropped comes after it emerged that Netflix lost 200,000 users over the first three months of 2022, falling well short of predictions it would add 2.5 million subscribers.