A recent study carried out by salon Philip Kingsley revealed a staggering 75 percent of British women surveyed to be worried about hair loss; with over 40 percent currently experiencing hair loss or hair thinning, and three quarters admitting they are worried about suffering from these issues in the future. With such a common problem, some can take comfort in knowing they’re not alone. It also means more weighty research - and answers. Philip Kingsley’s study unveiled 52 percent of women feel self-conscious about their hair loss, with 42 percent saying they feel less confident, and 30 percent said they were embarrassed. The study also revealed that nearly a third of responders felt hair thinning impacts them the most, followed by a visible scalp, and a further 19 percent are affected most when they see excess hair shedding on the floor, pillow or in the shower. This issue has posed a profound impact on women’s day to day lives, with 90 percent saying they thought about hair loss at least a few times a day. This led to many admitting it impacts confidence to go out, socialise and avoid having photos taken. Anabel Kingsley, Philip Kingsley brand president and trichologist said: “Women are in the grip of a hair loss pandemic. Hair loss in women has always been a common problem.  READ MORE: Hair loss: Rosemary oil may help stimulate growth  “But the problems have been exasperated over the past few years because of immense psychological and physical stressors including Covid, the modern-day pressures experienced by women, women not having time to prioritise self-care, and women not having their health prioritised by others. “All of these factors have had a negative impact on hair growth and daily hair fall. As hair is non-essential to physical survival, it is the ultimate and unfiltered reflection of our nutritional status and overall wellbeing.” “I see so many women experiencing hair loss resulting from dietary inadequacies that have stemmed from self-deprivation, not nurturing themselves with balanced, fresh and wholesome meals, as well as from misinformation on what healthy eating looks like. “I also consult women each week with undiagnosed and untreated Iron, Ferritin, Vitamin B12 and Vitamin D deficiency and hormonal imbalances, which are worsening both shedding and density changes.  “On top of this, women feel pressure to have-it-all and do-it-all, sending cortisol levels rocketing – which affects their strand’s growth and health. Ultimately, there has been the perfect storm for hair loss.” Despite all of these external - and internal - influences spurring increased rapidity of hair loss, there are measures to take back control. Here are Ms Kingsley’s four tips to do so - as well as help preserve the hair you have better. There is always a reason for hair loss and always something that can be done to help. Ms Kingsley said: “Women apologise for being ‘vain’ when they voice concerns about losing their hair. Actually, hair loss is never trivial. “Our hair forms a major part of our identity and is incredibly important to our mood, self-perception and day-to-day confidence.”  DON'T MISS: Hair loss: 'Nail rubbing' trick may stimulate new growth claims expert [INSIGHT[Vitamin B12 deficiency: Two changes to your hair that could be signs [EXPLAINED]Hair loss: Swordfish among healthy foods shown to induce hair loss [ANALYSIS]    Eat a balanced, colourful, varied and seasonal diet rich in energy, proteins, healthy fats, Vitamin B12, zinc and iron. Ms Kingsley said: “To help ensure your hair is getting all of the nutrients it needs to grow to its best ability, take hair-specific nutritional supplements. “Hair cells are the second fastest-growing cells the body makes so they are very needy. Couple this with the fact that although hair isn’t physically essential, it is a tissue with incredibly high and unique nutritional requirements. “Strands, therefore, benefit from extra helpings of certain vitamins, minerals and proteins. The health of your scalp plays a vital role in hair growth.   Ms Kingsley said: “Everything from scalp inflammation and microbial imbalances to genetics and hormonal sensitivities can impact the health of your hair follicles, and the hairs that emerge from them. “Use daily topical products to help stimulate and protect your scalp from both internal and external aggressors.” Ms Kingsley said: “Know what your hair loss products are doing and what you can realistically expect from them. “Leave-on topical products can make a lasting difference to your hair growth cycle, the rate of hair shedding, and the health of your hair follicles. “Wash-off [topical] formulas, such as shampoos, conditioners and sprays, will help with instant aesthetics and breakage.” 