I’m referring to a windfall tax on energy companies. According to reports, Downing Street and the Treasury (aka Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak) are arguing over whether the Government should introduce a one-off levy on oil companies’ profits. No 10 and other ministers are reportedly saying that the idea is “unconservative” and an attack on capitalism itself. What nonsense. There is nothing remotely Left-wing about making sure that huge corporations do not make vast extra profits at the expense of consumers. That was certainly the view of that well-known lefty Margaret Thatcher, whose government levied a windfall tax on North Sea oil and gas companies in November 1980, followed in spring 1981 by one on banks. This month, BP reported its first-quarter profits would be $6.2billion (£4.9billion) – well over double the $2.6billion it made last year. This owes nothing to any new business, greater efficiency or reward for investment. It’s a result of the pressures on demand for oil, firstly because of the move out of pandemic and then because of the sanctions on Russia. By standing back and doing nothing while oil companies rake in extra profits, the Government is permitting the transfer of money from consumers to oil companies – at the very time when consumers are struggling to cope. It is madness. Dissenters, including Northern Ireland Secretary Brandon Lewis and Health Secretary Sajid Javid, say it would discourage investment and cause pensions to plummet. Don’t fall for this – oil companies have themselves pointed out that such decisions are based on returns calculated using the long-term cost of oil, not the short-term hike in prices. The same is true for those who invest pension funds, who understand current profits are not a realistic guide to future profits.  In other words, a windfall profits tax is not some awful left-wing attack on business. It is, rather, using the power of government to correct a failure that the market has brought about because of the unique circumstances we are in. Once that principle has been understood, the case becomes so clear-cut that the question then follows as to how the money should best be spent. At the moment corporation tax for UK oil and gas companies is 40 per cent – half the 80 per cent rate paid by North Sea operators up to 2015. Labour has been arguing for a one-off tax rise to 50 per cent to raise around £2billion. That would not, of course, “solve” the costof- living crisis – not least because it is a one-off sum that can only be used once. But it would certainly help alleviate some of the pain, and has the merit of justice by rebalancing the amount taken from consumers through higher prices. It is depressing that the Government has been unable to grasp this – all the more so because it is indicative of a wider failure even to think about, let alone take, the radical action that is so vital to bring about the economic growth that all hopes of sustained prosperity depend on. We need mould-breaking ideas on housing, economic growth, transport, welfare – across every area. Instead, the Government seems unable to focus on what is necessary. In that respect, a report published yesterday by the Centre for Policy Studies think tank repays reading. The Prime Minister talks a good game about business, telling the CBI in November, for example, that “the true driver of growth is not government.  It is the energy and dynamism and originality of the private sector.” But the CPS report, based on the views of over 100 key decision-makers in charge of hundreds of billions of pounds in capital, reveals a distinct and deeply worrying concern on their part with Britain’s investment climate. The report talks about the tax burden and the stifling impact of “safety first” regulation and the planning system, as well as dozens of other problems for investors. And far from doing all it can to make the UK a hub for global investors – which, post-Brexit, should surely be our aim – the Chancellor is actually increasing corporation tax next April by 6 per cent for firms making more than £250,000 profit. There is no logic to any of this. The Government is resisting a windfall tax on companies making extra profits they don’t deserve, but clobbering businesses that do innovate and succeed with tax rises. (And don’t get me started on the recent national insurance rise, a straightforward tax on jobs.) There is no single fix to the cost-of-living crisis, but there are sensible measures that can help now and in the long term. So why won’t the Government act?   