In a photograph released on Sunday ahead of Princess Charlotte’s seventh birthday on Monday, the Princess can be seen smiling with her arm around the puppy. The photograph once again showcases the photography skills of the Duchess of Cambridge who took the photos at Amner Hall in Norfolk.  A friend of the Cambridge’s told the Mail on Sunday: “The new puppy is adorable and the whole family are besotted.” Royal fans took to social media to wish the young Princess a happy birthday and express their delight at the new pup. Baroness Foster tweeted: “Lovely photographs especially with your gorgeous dog. Happy Birthday Charlotte…how time flies!” @19Hope60 added: “What glorious pictures of the Birthday Girl!! Here’s to a lovely day for Princess Charlotte tomorrow. "And an extra bonus to see the Cambridge family dog – Lovely photos by Mum once more.”  The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge revealed that the name of their new dog is Orla and it is thought that Prince George and Princess Charlotte helped pick the dog from the litter. Royal supporter @loveforcambridg posted: “These pictures are so beautiful! She IS beautiful. I want to wish Princess Charlotte a very happy and healthy birthday Princess Charlotte!! I hope she will have a super fun day and a wonderful new year (and very nice to meet you sweet Orla).” Meanwhile, other fans responded through their own four-legged friends who sent their birthday wishes to Charlotte. @BlockwellN sent Charlotte a happy birthday message on behalf of her Cocker-Spaniel Jasper. READ MORE: Putin’s online army spreading Kremlin propaganda exposed James Middleton, Kate’s brother, gave her Lupo the black Cocker-Spaniel from his own dog’s litter in 2012 when William was deployed to the Falklands as an RAF search and rescue pilot. Lupo died in November shortly after the Cambridge’s had picked up Orla from Mr Middleton. The friend of the royals said: “They were devastated when Lupo passed away, as any dog owner will understand, but got the new puppy before he died. “It was hoped that a younger dog would give Lupo some company and give him a little more life and energy.” DON'T MISS: Election POLL: Do you back Boris Johnson ahead of local elections? (POLL)Tom Parker held wife Kelsey's hand as he died as she shares final vow (INSIGHT)Energy bill fury: SNP blames BREXIT for crisis and calls to rejoin EU (REACTION)  On November 22, 2021, the couple wrote: “Very sadly last weekend our dear dog Lupo passed away. “He has been at the heart of our family for the past nine years and we will miss him so much.” Lupo featured in quite a few family posts, including official pictures with the children and it seems Orla is set to do the same. One picture in 2013 showed Kate holding a young Prince George and it featured Lupo which prompted William to say: “Catherine and now little George are my priorities”. However, he swiftly added: “And Lupo." 