Marnie Schulenburg has died after a battle with stage 4 metastatic breast cancer. The on-screen star reportedly died on Tuesday at the age of 37. A representative confirmed to The Hollywood Reporter that the soap star died at a hospital in Bloomfield, New Jersey. Marnie is survived by her husband, actor Zack Robidas and their daughter Coda, two. She had been married to Zack since 2013, and he is known for his roles in Succession and Sorry For Your Loss. Marnie revealed in May 2020 that she had been diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer, an advanced stage of cancer to which there is no cure. READ MORE: 'Load of s***' Linda Robson addresses Pauline Quirke 'rift' The on-screen star played the character from 2007 until the show was cancelled three years later. Following her success on the show, Marnie went to star in the ABC soap One Life To Live, which hit screens in 2013. The actress has also had TV roles in the show Tainted Dreams and she also appeared in legal drama The Good Fight in 2019. Marnie revealed in May 2020 that she had been diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer, an advanced stage of the cancer to which there is no cure.  The mum-of-one shared her fears and hopes with her followers on Instagram throughout her battle and advocated for awareness about the disease. Days before she died, she shared a series of family photos to Instagram. On May 10, Marnie wrote: "It wasn’t a guarantee that I was going to be home this Mother’s Day". She addressed her two-year-old daughter as she continued: "I want to be strong and beautiful for her. I want to show her how to move throughout this world with compassion, strength, vivacity, humor and joy like my Mother showed me." DON'T MISS... Eva Longoria dazzles in jaw-dropping display for Top Gun: Maverick[LATEST]Pregnant Adriana Lima causes a stir as model exposes baby bump[PICTURES]Rochelle Humes flashes bottom in sheer dress at Cannes[RED CARPET] Marnie continued: "I know that me being here for her is the best gift I can give her but right now it feels like settling since she’s getting a half-life version of myself. "My mother showed up 100 per cent all day everyday for me growing up or at least it seemed that way. I want to give Coda the same but I must be kind to myself and remember that nothing is permanent. "On May 8, 2020 I found out I had Breast Cancer and truly thought my life was over. Two years later I’m still here and my chances of sticking around her get better each month that goes by." She concluded: "So here’s to remembering that nothing is permanent. To soaking up the imperfections and that the best thing you can do for your child is make them feel loved, safe and supported just like my mother did for me. Screw the oxygen mask, just remember how to breathe. "Sending love to all the amazing Mamas in my life #happymothersday." She was diagnosed with breast cancer five months after Coda’s birth in December 2019. The actress married her husband Zack in 2013. Marnie made her daytime debut as Stewart on CBS’ The Young and the Restless in 2007 after the character was re-introduced in the online production Digital Daytime: L.A. Diaries. She was released from the hospital on Mother’s Day to spend time with her husband and daughter.  