AJ Odudu, 33, announced last week that she was taking part in Eurovision as the UK spokesperson to present the UK's points live from the North West. AJ's personal life came under much speculation after she was partnered with Kai Widdrington on Strictly Come Dancing last year, with the presenter quickly setting the rumours straight. AJ claimed in a previous interview that she had been mistreated by previous partners. During her time on Channel 4's Celebrity SAS: Who Dares Wins, AJ gave an insight into her previous relationships. She said: "I’ve been cheated on by three ex-boyfriends. "One of them was sleeping with my best friends," the star claimed. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's 'main issue' pointed out by Karren Brady In November 2020, the presenter revealed in an interview that she was still single after the pandemic had put her dating life on hold. She said: "It's so funny because I thought, 'Right this is the time I'm going to go on a date!' and then just as I was getting out there, lockdown two happened and now I'm just focused on work", she said to MailOnline. It is not known at the moment how AJ's love life is going. The presenter's love life has been the centre of many shows, having appeared on Channel 4's Manhunting With My Mum as well as Celebrity First Dates Hotel. On First Dates she was partnered with mortgage broker Duke, who in her eyes was a "10/10", however they did not see each other again. While on Manhunting with Mum, AJ travelled to Nigeria in the hopes of meeting her perfect man. On the show she met professional scrabble player named KC, but it did not go anywhere due to their different beliefs in sex before marriage. Speaking to the camera afterwards, she said: "Having dated guys who just couldn’t keep it in their trousers, KC's values make him oddly desirable. DON'T MISS... Kelvin Fletcher's wife Liz announces arrival of twins in sweet post [INSIGHT] Jane Fonda, 84, shows off drastic new look while filming in Rome [PICS] Amanda Holden, 51, flashes incredibly toned pins in leggy display [INSTAGRAM] "He's such a nice guy, I genuinely don’t believe that he’d ever cheat on me. That’s so good. That’s so great. That's what I want. "But the problem is teaching someone and taking someone's virginity, that's too much pressure for me and I don’t want to be responsible for it." On the same programme she met up with actor Timi Egbuson and he took to Instagram to share a picture of the pair, hinting at a romance. He wrote: "Congratulations @ajodudu #ManhuntingWithMyMum premiered on Channel 4 @channel4 last night and it was amazing. "I'm happy I was a part of it but more importantly I’m happy that I met you." Due to her single status there was even speculation that she had a relationship with Strictly's Kai but rumours were squashed in an interview with Zoe Ball. The rumours circulated more after their passionate routine, which was based on the hit film, The Bodyguard. AJ denied the relationship as she said: "I'm just giggling! Guys, I was in character at that moment on the dance floor this week. "I was playing Rachel, he was playing Frank [from The Bodyguard]. They were in love!" she added.