Officials have identified individuals who will be in the first wave deported to the East African nation. About 100 migrants are reported to have received the first set of paperwork, notifications of intent, to send them on the 6,000-mile journey. Ministers hope the first flight will take off next month but are braced for legal challenges. It is understood that anyone sent a removal notice, the second stage of the deportation process, will take their claim through the courts. No flights are expected to leave before June 6, although No 10 is said to want to have deported the first migrants before the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting in Rwanda on June 20. Under a £120 million deal unveiled last month, Rwanda will process asylum claims and “settle or remove” them in line with Rwandan and international law. The Home Office reportedly expects about 300 people to be deported to Rwanda each year. Some asylum migrants will be put up at the three-star Rouge by Desir hotel in the Rwandan capital Kigali, which has a swimming pool, tennis court, gym and access to a golf course. Others are expected to be housed at the Hallmark Residence, also in Kigali, which has three and four-bed bungalows. The more basic Hope Hostel, which is being renovated, is also likely to be used. Those notified of the Home Office’s intention to remove them to Rwanda have seven days to submit a legal challenge. It is understood that at least 20 appeals have been lodged, although only two cases have been made public. Lawyers are expected to fight the removals with the same determination they use to challenge the deportation of foreign criminals. The first flights to Rwanda have already been delayed by a legal appeal from a coalition of charities and a trade union representing immigration officials. A Home Office spokesperson said: “Our new, world-leading Migration Partnership with Rwanda will see those who make dangerous, illegal or unnecessary journeys to the UK relocated to Rwanda and, if recognised as refugees, they will be supported to build a new life there." “We are fully committed to working with Rwanda to get the arrangement operational as soon as possible.”