The monarch made a "surprise appearance" today to open the new London underground line, which has been named after her. Although the Queen has not attended all public appearances this year, she looked well today and she showed "no signs of anxiety", according to a body language expert. Body language expert Judi James told Express.co.uk: "The Queen has never really had the ability to pull surprises on her public: her life has been so dominated by set schedules, routines and protocol that her appearances have been deliberately unremarkable, making the fact that she is Queen the one outstanding feature. "For her Jubilee celebrations, though, she has already pulled two surprises in as many events. "First there was her attendance at the Windsor horse show where she exceeded expectations by not just sitting through a long show and walking to and from her car, but by being totally animated throughout. "She joined in at least two comedy moments with her mouth and shoulder shrug as she was being praised, and then waving an up-turned palm in a ‘you’re welcome’ gesture as she was thanked for choosing that event over the State Opening of Parliament." READ MORE: Bowel cancer: Deborah James on initial symptoms - ‘I knew there was something wrong' Judi continued: "Now there is this other surprise appearance at the opening of the rail line with her name on it. "Dressed in dazzling sunshine yellow and with only the kind of stick that her son Charles has been carrying for his countryside walks for years now, the Queen arrived from the lift, stepping out first, looking keen and curious. "Her smile was as dazzling as her coat and it would be impossible to not imagine that she’s already having the best time during her celebrations." The body language expert added that the Queen "clearly still insists on making these appearances unaided". DON'T MISS:Aloe vera: ‘Best tip’ when repotting houseplant [EXPERT]Upcycling hacks to ‘instantly breathe new life’ into your garden [COMMENT]Effective methods to ‘eliminate’ lawn weeds including dandelions [EXPLAINER] "Edward is with her but standing at a respectful distance and often with his hands clasped behind his back," Judi said. "The only time I can remember her accepting any form of help in terms of an arm to lean on or a hand to steady herself was at the previous State Opening of Parliament when Charles offered his arm as she made her way down the steps from the throne, and that might be the reason why she didn’t attend this year. "So far there have been no signs of anxiety or of her having to brace herself for her appearances, suggesting she will be enjoying her Jubilee every bit as much as her loyal fans." The Queen paired her dazzling yellow outfit with a gold brooch, reportedly worth £5,200. Named the Singapore Peranakan Diamond Jubilee Brooch, the piece is filigree work made of 18k gold and is in the Bird Of Paradise design. According to experts the design, worth £5,200, sold out after the piece was given to the Queen. The piece, made of gold, is large and round, featuring over 60 diamonds, and was a gift from the President of Singapore. It has a special connection to the Queen and the Jubilee as it was given to her in 2012, to celebrate the Diamond Jubilee. As for accessories, the Queen wore a hat featuring yellow and blue flowers and pearl jewellery. She donned simple pearl earrings with her classic three-strand pearl necklace. The monarch finished her look with a pair of cream gloves and held onto her walking stick, which was her late husband Prince Philip's stick. She also wore a small black leather handbag and a pair of matching black leather loafers.