The conservative MP argued against views that the suggestion to return to the imperial system is merely a "distraction technique" from Boris Johnson. Debating the topic on Monday's Good Morning Britain, Mark Francois insisted the suggested move was part of "rolling back EU red tape". It comes as Britain could see a return to pounds and ounces as the government publishes proposals later this week to repeal EU-derived law. Baroness Jenny Jones told ITV it was "a ludicrous suggestion". She argued: "Obviously, this is an opportunity for the Prime Minister to throw a dead cat on the table and make us talk about this very trivial issue instead of all the other stuff that's going on, you know the sue Gray report, the cost of living crisis, the climate crisis. "And so what he's done is to distract us, it's a distraction measure." READ MORE: Lucy Pargeter age: How old is Emmerdale's Chas Dingle star? The MP for Rayleigh and Wickford hit back: "To be honest, I don't think it's about cats whether dead or alive, it's about freedom of choice." He added: "So, the government will publish a public consultation, the essence of which will be 'would people like to have the choice', whether they're a market trader or Sainsbury's, to sell specifically in imperial measures. "I don't think anyone's going to be compelled to do that if they don't want to it's about freedom of choice. "There's an important point of principle here which is that now we've left the EU, if we want to, if parliament decides to, we can divulge from all of these different directives and regulations that we inherited from the European Union.  "So if we were to continue this trend, top of my list would be the General Data Protection Regulation 2016, the infamous GDPR. "How many of your viewers when they ring a call centre get told, 'Sorry I'm the GDPR, I can't go into that,' this is part of a wider trend of rolling back EU red tape." He went on: "Where we choose to do so, parliament now has the legal right to do that - I think we should see this move in that wider context." DON'T MISS... EastEnders theory: Heartbreak for Rocky as he suffers double rejection [THEORY]'He's awful!' Question of Sport fans slam captain's sports knowledge [REACTION]Sophia Loren opens up on 'terrible' prison experience [LATEST] Viewers took to social media to give their views on the debate. Twitter user @jjamesh2015 wrote: "Apart from we never lost imperial measurements. it was never illegal. I’m sure @gmb corrected him…" @Missy_Ports commented: "We moved from imperial to metric long before the EU so why is this even being discussed. Are we bringing back ration books and poor laws too?" "And when you export your goods almost every country wants things labelled in metric. So the point is an act of making you feel better that you have control? And this was the point of Brexit - is so that we can do things that add no value, rather add expense?" @Richeyrea asked.  @FreddySky argued: "Mark Francois will support anything Mr Johnson tells him to support, nothing more, nothing less." @KeadyLoaf penned: "Perhaps we should move back to dentistry and surgery without anaesthesia as well? And let the dentist /doctor choose???" @Christo_Walton chimed: "It was businesses in the 1960s who campaigned for metric measurements to ensure this country would be more internationally competitive. It received cross party support. François is clearly not supporting U.K. businesses." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV. 