The Queen missed the State Opening of Parliament today for the first time in almost six decades, and her son and heir Prince Charles subsequently read the Queen's Speech for the very first time. While Charles is known for his good humour and personable approach to royal duties, the future King was in his element at Parliament as he took to the seriousness of his royal duties like a duck to water.  Body language expert Darren Stanton, on behalf of Betfair Casino, highlighted how Charles was "stoic" while reading the Queen's Speech, which drew parallels to his mother and signalled he is fully prepared for his future role. Mr Stanton explained: "Interestingly, he demonstrated none of his usual non-verbal gestures - like tucking his hand into his jacket or playing with his cufflinks, both signs of self-reassurance when you may not feel particular confidence in a certain situation. "While delivering the Queen’s speech, Charles appeared focused and adopted elements of the stoicism his mother has become known for. “For Charles, preparing for his new role seems to have elevated him and given him a new sense of duty.  READ MORE: Sussexes tipped for 'second Oprah interview' for 'damage control' "Under normal circumstances, he is quite animated, smiling and laughing, whereas here we see a more serious side to the royal. "Given it was a serious event, his focused and sincere expression was proportionate to the importance he placed upon it." Since the Queen spent a night in hospital last October and subsequently rested for several months on doctors' orders, the public has seen less of the Queen out and about than in previous years. But Prince Charles and other senior members of the Royal Family have been on hand to support the Queen with her workload, meaning Charles has often led the Royal Family at key events.   Charles showed his heartfelt concern for the effects of climate change during his opening address at the COP26 climate summit in Glasgow, and he also led the Royal Family's presence at the Cenotaph for Remembrance Sunday last year. Charles also experienced another royal first last month when he filled in for the Queen at the annual Royal Maundy service in Windsor alongside Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. With the Queen experiencing mobility issues, many had wondered in recent months if Charles would fill in for the Queen at the State Opening of Parliament this year. And when it was confirmed Charles would take on the high-profile role, it was interpreted as the Queen symbolically delegating responsibilities to the next generation of the monarchy.  DON'T MISS:Prince William and Kate whiz to Manchester for poignant event [INSIGHT]Queen's absence from Parliament saddens fans 'not ready' for future [ANALYSIS]Platinum Jubilee celebration: Schedule as Queen honoured by celebs [EXPLAINER] The body language expert highlighted how Charles has undergone an "evident shift" while taking on more and more royal duties, and this was clear at Parliament on Tuesday. Mr Stanton explained: "We are beginning to see a new side to Charles, there has been an evident shift of emotion and reverence in his mind." While Charles has waited a long time to be King, it is likely he will follow the example set by his ever-popular mother by honouring royal traditions. The body language expert highlighted: "That said, it’s clear Charles is going to embrace the same ideals the Queen has done throughout her 70-year reign, he’ll honour tradition and royal protocol. “Much like we have seen with Kate Middleton’s character evolving, it will be interesting to see the development of Charles as he continues to act on behalf of the Queen and move ever closer to becoming King." 