Liverpool will be left behind by Manchester City if they do not make a major signing of their own this summer, according to former Tottenham midfielder Jamie O'Hara. City have already agreed a deal to bring Erling Haaland to the Etihad from next season. Pep Guardiola's side need a victory on the final day of this campaign to secure their fourth Premier League title in five years. But Guardiola clearly feels he must continue to add to his hugely talented squad with the signing of Haaland. O'Hara believes the arrival of Haaland can take City to another level. And therefore he thinks Liverpool must bring in a huge player themselves to prevent the gap from becoming unassailable. O'Hara said on talkSPORT: "Well I think they've got to react to the fact that Manchester City have signed Haaland. That's the kind of final piece to the jigsaw. READ MORE: Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag speaks out on Rio Ferdinand and Paul Scholes 'influence'  "You'd say Man City are probably going to win the Premier League without a striker. They've played most of the season without one, so when you bring in Haaland who for me is going to be a complete superstar in the Premier League, Liverpool have to react and bring in someone big as well. "Because otherwise I feel like they will end up getting left behind this Man City. They've spent £100million on Grealish and you'd say that hasn't been the best signing that they could have made, but they're going to win the Premier League. "You bring in Haaland, now you're talking. That is a big step up in quality for me and that is a hell of a signing. Liverpool I think need to react to that." DON'T MISSReal Madrid shirt numbers Kylian Mbappe could take with ‘transfer wrapped up’ in PSG blow [TRANSFERS]Man Utd outcast 'ready to quit' with Newcastle keen unless he gets Erik ten Hag guarantee [REPORT]Anthony Martial looks set to be used in Man Utd swap deal as Erik ten Hag hatches plan [TRANSFERS]  Former Aston Villa striker Gabriel Agbonlahor agrees with O'Hara that signing a striker is a necessity for Liverpool. He said: "Liverpool, an outstanding team, score a lot of goals, but you don't stand still. "Your rivals have scored a ridiculous amount of goals as well this season and they've brought in the best, for me top-three striker in the world, who's going to score so many goals next season. He's going to add a different dimension to their attack, Manchester City. Why would Liverpool stand still?" "[Roberto] Firmino's not the answer, [Divock] Origi's going, [Sadio] Mane and [Mohamed] Salah haven't agreed deals yet, what if one of them leaves? You need a striker. It's not rocket science."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here