 This week, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and Prince William are set to deliver a message to the nation across radio stations to mark Mental Health Awareness Week. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will front the Mental Health Minute on Friday. The special message is broadcast simultaneously each year across 500 radio stations in the UK, with an estimated audience of more than 20 million.  It is the fifth year William and Kate have taken part in the initiative, and this time the royal couple will be the sole speakers rather than being joined by celebrities. Later this week, the Cambridges will visit Scotland where they will carry out a number of engagements focusing on mental health, including a visit to the University of Glasgow to talk to students about the impact the Covid pandemic had on their mental health and wellbeing. Both Kate and William are set to have busy schedules in the coming weeks; they are expected to play central roles in the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations. But it’s not just the Duke and Duchess who are taking part in the celebrations, the couple’s three children — Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, seven, and Prince Louis, four — will be riding in a carriage for a pageant at the Royal Windsor Horse Show on Sunday.  According to The Sunday Times, the Cambridge children will ride a horse-drawn carriage for the “Gallop Through History” gala performance. It marks a rare appearance for the royal children, particularly Louis, who did not join his siblings at Prince Philip’s Service of Thanksgiving and the Easter Sunday service earlier in the year. One royal expert has claimed that Kate and William have tried to give their children as “normal” an upbringing as possible. Russell Myers, the Daily Mirror’s royal editor, told last week’s episode of Pod Save The Queen: “They are very, very invested in trying to give the children as normal life as possible whilst living in palaces and having a granny who is the Queen.  “It is commendable because they have really broken the mould in that sense, and they have really tried to create a family life for themselves which is as ‘normal’ as possible. “And the kids do seem very, very well-rounded from people I’ve spoken to; they are very happy at school, they have their own very different personalities, so I’m sure that the Cambridges would want to continue that work as being part of a family unit.” It comes amid reports that the Cambridges are considering relocating from their current base in Kensington Palace to Berkshire, which will put them closer to the Queen and Kate’s parents  — Michael and Carole Middleton, who live in Bucklebury. An insider has claimed the Adelaide Cottage, a residence nestled in Home Park in Windsor, could be the Cambridges' favourite as their next home.  They told The Sun earlier this month: "Finding a way to make Adelaide Cottage work seems to be the best and only option. "There are issues with all the other houses, so Adelaide will be the favourite." Adelaide Cottage is just a 10-minute walk away from Windsor Castle, the Queen’s primary residence. The monarch permanently moved to Windsor from Buckingham Palace earlier this year amid growing concerns surrounding her health and mobility.  Windsor is also the backdrop for the Royal Windsor Horse Show, in which Kate and William’s children will take part. This year’s show will take place between Thursday, May 12 and Sunday, May 15, and will particularly focus on celebrating the Queen and Duke of Edinburgh’s efforts to help save rare breed ponies and horses, by championing them in Her Majesty’s own stables. In tribute to the Queen and Duke’s contribution to the equestrian world, Lady Louise Windsor, the daughter of Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex, will drive Philip’s carriage in the show’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The gala will star 500 horses and 1,000 performers from around the world as well as the likes of Dame Helen Mirren, Damian Lewis and Tom Cruise, and will close with a special tribute to the Queen’s love of horses, a parade of State Coaches and Royal Carriages, and Her Majesty’s show horses and ponies.  George, Charlotte and Louis are expected to ride in one of the Royal Carriages. They will be joined by many of the Queen’s great-grandchildren, including Savannah and Isla Phillips, who are 11 and 10; Mia, Lena and Lucas Tindall, aged eight, three and one respectively; one-year-old August Brooksbank, son of Princess Eugenie; and Princess Beatrice’s seven-month-old daughter Sienna Mapelli Mozzi.