Later this year the latest Elvis Presley biopic will be brought to the big screen. The film's details have been kept under wraps for a long time, but the King of Rock and Roll's daughter, Lisa Marie Presley, has now revealed she has seen the film more than once. Speaking out in an Instagram post, Lisa Marie explained that the upcoming biopic about her father has left her "filled with pride". Lisa Marie said: "I do want to take a moment to let you know that I have seen Baz Luhrmann's movie 'Elvis' twice now, and let me tell you that it is nothing short of spectacular. Absolutely exquisite." She laid particular praise on Austin, the star behind Elvis. "Austin Butler channeled and embodied my father’s heart and soul beautifully," she explained. "In my humble opinion, his performance is unprecedented and FINALLY done accurately and respectfully. (If he doesn’t get an Oscar for this, I will eat my own foot, haha.)" (sic) She also gushed over how much attention Baz had paid to Elvis' legacy. Lisa Marie said: "You can feel and witness Baz’s pure love, care, and respect for my father throughout this beautiful film, and it is finally something that myself and my children and their children can be proud of forever." It was an emotional ordeal for the 54-year-old, however. "What moved me to tears as well," she opened up. "Was watching Riley and Harper, and Finley afterwards, all 3 visibly overwhelmed in the best way possible way, and so filled with pride about their grandfather and his legacy in a way that I have not previously experienced." (sic) A particular hardship for the family came in 2020 when Lisa Marie's son, Benjamin Keough, died on July 12. She added that he would have adored the film as much as she does. READ MORE: Elvis went on Frank Sinatra's show and slept with his girlfriend Lisa Marie explained: "It breaks my heart that my son isn’t here to see it. He would have absolutely loved it as well." She also noted how her absence from Instagram was due to her still being in mourning over her son. The star wrote: "I haven’t posted in quite some time because there really isn’t much to say, as I am and will forever be mourning the loss of my son. Navigating through this hideous grief that absolutely destroyed and shattered my heart and my soul into almost nothing has swallowed me whole. Not much else aside from my other 3 children gets my time and attention anymore." (sic) Despite that, she was over the moon with how Elvis had been shown on the big screen. DON'T MISS...Elvis went on Frank Sinatra's show and slept with his girlfriend [INFO]Elvis' girlfriend wrote Whitney Houston ballad about their life [NEWS]'Elvis Presley took my life away' - Priscilla on being King's 'doll' [INSIGHT] Lisa Marie concluded: "I can’t tell you enough how much I love this film and I hope you love it too. Everyone involved poured their hearts and souls into it, which is evidenced in their performances. Baz, your utter genius combined with your love and respect for my father and this project is just so beautiful and so inspiring. I know I'm being repetitive, but I don’t care, Thank you for setting the record straight in such a deeply profound and artistic way. Love you ~LMP." This would have been a particularly difficult film for Lisa Marie to watch considering it will show Elvis growing up and meeting her mother, Priscilla Presley, before having her as their daughter. It will also show the day that her father died on August 16, 1977 - a day she remembers all too well. At the time, Lisa Marie was just nine years old and staying at Graceland when her father was found dead next door in the building's main bathroom. Lisa Marie later said of the incident: "I knew something was wrong, because I was in my room which was right next to his bathroom. So I knew that something was very wrong. All the commotion and everything. I was a wreck." Elvis' death meant that almost everything was left to her in his will - including Graceland. Lisa Marie opened the Memphis mansion to the public in 1982. It now acts as a museum for Elvis' life and legacy. Elvis hits cinemas on June 24. SOURCE