However, this payment which is available through the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) is only accessible to those who are dealing with certain circumstances. Attendance Allowance is accessible to those who have a long-term health condition or disability. It must affect them on a day-to-day basis and the DWP benefit goes towards paying for the extra costs that arise as a result. Those who are eligible for the higher payment can claim over £92 a week in support which means they could get around £370 a month. Earlier this month, the payment rate for various benefits, including Attendance Allowance and the state pension, were raised in line with the rate of Consumer Price Index (CPI) inflation from last year. Payments were raised by 3.1 percent, despite inflation currently sitting at seven percent at the moment. Attendance Allowance is awarded at two different rates, one higher and one lower. Currently, the higher rate is £92.40 a week while the lower weekly rate is £61.85 for those in receipt of the benefit. READ MORE: Woman, 88, in tears after losing £36,000 savings - after 'scrimping' for 50 years How much a claimant gets in Attendance Allowance depends on the “severity” of their disability or health condition. If someone were to claim the full amount available from the payment, their monthly allowance would be £369.60. State pensioners who want to apply for this helpful benefit can do so by printing out an Attendance Allowance claim form from the gov.uk website. Completed forms must be sent to Freepost DWP Attendance Allowance for the application to be completed. Charities, such as Age UK, have issued guidance on how to complete these forms.  On its website, the charity stated: “When filling out the form, be really clear about how your illness or disability affects your life and attach any supporting information, such as GP letters, your care plans, or prescription lists. Once you've submitted your form, the Department of Work and Pensions may contact you for more information or arrange a doctor visit. “It's a good idea to prepare for this visit by writing things down you think the doctor should know about.” Furthermore, Age UK shared debunked the myths commonly associated with Attendance Allowance and encouraged anyone eligible to apply. Among the myths linked with the DWP benefit are that someone’s claim has been initially turned down or their income is too high. The charity explained: “Your circumstances may have changed since the last time you applied, especially if it was a while ago. If your care needs have increased, you may find you’re now eligible. “It is assessed purely on your disability or health condition and your care or supervision needs. It isn’t means-tested so it doesn’t matter what you earn or how much you have in savings.” On top of this, the charity encouraged those who think that they can get by, or who do not think they need a carer, to also apply. Age UK said: “You’ve paid into the tax system all your life. Now it’s time to get something back. “Think about what support or equipment might help you to carry on living independently at home for longer. “You don’t have to spend Attendance Allowance on a carer. Many older people spend it on other types of help in the home, or equipment to help them stay independent. “You don’t need to have a carer or someone looking after you. You qualify based on the help you need, not the help you actually get.”