Arsenal have been told by Liverpool icon Jose Enrique that they made a huge mistake when they sacked Unai Emery. And Gunners fans have been blasted for “taking the p***” out of their former manager. Arsenal parted ways with Emery in November 2019 before they appointed Mikel Arteta as his successor. “Arsenal made a mistake when they let him go,” Enrique told Genting Casino. “Emery is a top manager and in England they took the p*** too much about how he spoke. They were wrong to sack him, but I really believe in Mikel Arteta because what he’s doing with young players is great - even if they did miss out on Champions League.” Emery had the unenviable task of taking over from legendary manager Arsene Wenger when he arrived in north London in 2018. And he led the club to a fifth-place finish in his first season at the helm. But the 50-year-old endured a difficult start to his second campaign in charge of the Gunners. And he was given his marching orders after just 18 months in the role as the club stated at the time the decision to sack him had been “taken due to results and performances not being at the level required”. READ MORE: Transfer News LIVE: Man Utd 'close to agreement', Liverpool blow, Raphinha latest Emery returned to management in the summer of 2020 as he took over at Villarreal. And in his first season at the Spanish club, he lifted the Europa League trophy as his team defeated Manchester United in the final. Emery was then tipped to take over at Newcastle after Steve Bruce had been sacked last October, but ultimately decided to stay in Spain. And he defied the odds to guide Villarreal to the Champions League semi-final, where they were beaten by Liverpool. DON'T MISSArsenal could repeat Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil signings for next seasonMan Utd look set to sign another Cristiano Ronaldo, Bruno Fernandes and NaniLiverpool told to hijack Man Utd summer signing for Sadio Mane replacement      Arsenal, meanwhile, looked on course to cement a place in next season’s Champions League a month ago. But following a shock defeat to Newcastle earlier this month, the Gunners had to settle for a place in the Europa League. The Gunners’ fifth-place Premier League finish was their best under Arteta, who previously guided his team to eighth spot on two occasions. And the former midfielder will be confident his team can kick on once again next season. Arteta has helped the likes of Bukayo Saka, Emile Smith Rowe and Gabriel Martinelli become star players at the Emirates. And if club chiefs continue to back the Spaniard, they will be hoping he can eventually help Arsenal compete for Premier League honours once again in the future. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 