Sadio Mane has admitted that he was close to signing for Manchester United before eventually deciding to join Liverpool from Southampton back in 2016. Mane has emerged as one of the Premier League's finest attackers since making the switch to Anfield six years ago and will be hoping to deliver the goods for his side once again by producing a match-winning performance against Real Madrid in this weekend's Champions League final. Mane was snapped up by Liverpool in 2016 after proving his mettle in the Premier League over the course of his two-year spell at Southampton, who he joined from RB Salzburg in 2014. Things could have ended up very differently for the 30-year-old, though, if he had decided to sign for United before a last-minute change of heart prompted him to link up with Jurgen Klopp at Anfield."I have to say, I was really close to going to Manchester United," said Mane in an interview with Jamie Carragher for The Telegraph. "I had the contract there, I had it all agreed."It was all ready, but instead I thought: ‘No, I want to go to Liverpool’. I was convinced to go with Klopp’s project, I still remember the first time I got the call from Klopp. JUST IN: Man Utd 'considering two goalkeepers' to replace Dean Henderson "I was watching TV. It was an action movie, because I love movies, and he said: ‘Sadio, listen, I want to explain to you what happened at Dortmund’. That was when he thought of signing me for Dortmund and for some reason it didn’t work out."He tried to explain and I said: 'It’s okay, it happened'. I forgave him. Then he said: 'Now I want you at Liverpool’. And I said: 'Okay, Dortmund is behind us, let’s focus on the future'. "He said: 'We have a big project at Liverpool and I want you to be part of it'. Then he asked what position I wanted, because he could see at Southampton I played on the right side and I used to play on the left."I said I prefer left, and then he said: 'But Coutinho is on the left'. So I said: 'Never mind, I will play on the right'. I could see myself in all the positions."Although Mane is undoubtedly a central figure at Liverpool, it remains to be seen whether this weekend's Champions League final could ultimately prove to be his last game for the club amid questions over his long-term future at Anfield. Bayern Munich are said to be keen on landing the winger due to his failure to sign a new and improved contract as of yet, with any summer approach potentially set to give Liverpool a big decision to make as they look to avoid losing him on a free transfer upon the expiry of his current deal next year. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here