Former assistant district attorney Rafael Barba (played by Raúl Esparza) returned in the latest episode of Law and Order: Special Victims Unit, which saw Olivia Benson (Mariska Hargitay) once again contemplating her disappointing love life. If Raúl becomes a more regular fixture on the NBC crime drama next season, could Rafael be the light in the dark Olivia has been looking for? Viewers were left desperate for another appearance from Rafael after his and Olivia’s stunning admission in the season 23 finale, A Final Call at Forlini's Bar. In the final minutes of the episode, Rafael admitted he loved Olivia unconditionally, much like she loves her former partner Elliot Stabler (Christopher Meloni). The attorney made his comeback to the series to defend a victim of domestic violence who had killed her abusive partner. While fans felt the capper to season 23 was one of the most compelling cases Law and Order has had for a while, the main takeaway from the episode was Rafael and Olivia’s reunion, and what it could mean for the next season. READ MORE: Ozark season 4 theory: Jonah actually shot Wendy as fans spot key clue Still unlucky in love with Stabler, Olivia could find what she’s been looking for in an unexpected place when the series returns. Until then, SVU fans have been pleading for the series to bring back Rafael for a more permanent role when the spin-off returns later this year. @GWSunInHerSmile tweeted: “Wait, Barba could end up on #LawAndOrder as a defence attorney. I'd watch that s**t.” And @CrazyLexxiCool wrote: “[Elliot-Olivia] stans saying Olivia has no chemistry with Barba.” “She slept with Ed Tucker and Cassidy. And her groomer. Barba would be her best pairing outside of EO honestly so let’s not down #Barson. We have witnessed worse.” “I'm sorry but I see WAY more chemistry with Liv and Barba than I do with Liv and Elliot,” @wagrobanite said. “Rafael Barba is one of the best characters to ever be on television,” Christine Vee added. And Lisa Williams said: “Omg I love him even more as a defence [attorney]. He has that whole bad boy edge.” DON'T MISS:Young Sheldon fans in meltdown after spotting Big Bang feature [REACTION]SEAL Team’s David Boreanaz sends support as co-star lands role [COMMENT]Riverdale cancelled: KJ Apa shares emotional reaction [INSIGHT] “Pleaseeeeee make him a permanent character again. The whole Stabler/Barba/Olivia scenario omgggg spice up Olivia’s character pls.” [Sic] Rafael could simply be thrown into the mix to make Olivia and Elliot’s long-running will-they, won’t-they romance more interesting next season. On the other hand, it seems a substantial number of fans already think Olivia has even more chemistry with the attorney than her ex-partner, despite their 12-plus years sharing the screen. Nothing has been confirmed so far, but recurring star Raúl is eager to return to Law and Order soon if he can find the time. He told TV Insider: “I hope [there is a good chance], but who knows? I’ve been working on three different series this year between Candy and Retreat and the Law & Order stuff.” “It’s about carving out time in the schedule, but it also is whatever they want, what stories they want to tell over there. Now with [showrunner] Warren [Leight] gone, who knows, because Warren is Barba’s voice and heart. So who knows. “But he’s such a great character that I’m sure that they’ll try to take care of him and it’s a great ending to the season, so I hope that the fans will want some of this story to continue. “So I’m more hopeful than not and I will certainly find the time to show up for Barba because I know he’s become part of a lot of people’s lives with this series and they look forward to seeing him and I always enjoy sharing that.” SVU has already been renewed through its 24th season, so, surely, it’s only a matter of time before Rafael and Olivia get another chance to reconnect? Law and Order SVU is available on NBC in the US. A UK release date is yet to be announced.