Sophie, Countess of Wessex, 57, attended the event in London looking stunning in a red dress which she wore on her Caribbean tour. The gown was the Dora Dress in Wool and Silk Blend from Giuliva Heritage. The item retails for a whopping £1,068.53.  The floor-length gown features buttons going down the front and two pockets at the top. The description on the website reads: “Safari shirt dress in linen and wool blend with fabric belt. “As timeless style should be created to be passed down through generations, our lifetime guarantee will uphold repairs and restorations forever.” It was unclear from pictures which shoes the Countess was wearing.  READ MORE: Prince George is 'shy' and shows 'no signs of enjoying status yet' However, she kept her gorgeous long locks straight. She also wore minimal makeup for the evening and wore small circular stud earrings. Royal fans took to social media to praise the Countess’ style. Twitter user @diario_lunatico said: “She is an amazing royal.”  Another account, @jojo_marsh added: “Sophie is wonderful.” Royal fan @TeriMcD66357121 wrote: “Great session and what a role model HRH The Countess of Wessex is!” Instagram user @amandinha_crystal said: “Sophie is a class act! “Way to go! I love the look.”  Royal watcher @rachelhlhannam commented: “Sophie is naturally lovely. “I think she looks beautiful in this.” Another account, @suejourner wrote: “This dress is gorgeous! “It’s one of my favourite dresses I’ve ever seen on her!”  Similarly, @maztarh_ said: “An English rose. Her dress is fire!” The Countess of Wessex, as Patron, attended the CMI Women Conference entitled, ‘Leadership After Covid: The Opportunity and Ambition’. It was held at the County Hall in London. According to the official website for CMI, the conference was the: “…first live event since the pandemic [began] and will provide a fascinating insight into the challenges that leaders and managers need to get to grips with if we’re to truly make the decade after Covid a game-changer.” 