Food recalls are issued when a product is unsafe to eat. Some products can cause harm to an individual if it contains undeclared allergens, for example. The Co-op is the latest company to issue a food recall on two items. The Co-op has withdrawn its Peri Peri Chicken Pasta Bowl and its Prawn Marie Rose Layered Salad from shelves because both products’ labels are incorrect. The products have been labelled with the use by date of July 1, 2022, instead of June 1, 2022. The Food Standards Agency issued a risk statement, which read: “The products listed above have been labelled with a ‘use by’ date of 01 July 2022 instead of the intended ‘use by’ date of 01 June 2022. “Therefore, they may be unsafe to eat after the intended ‘use by’ date due to risk of bacterial growth that could cause illness if consumed.” READ MORE: Gardening hacks: Do these ‘magic’ water bottle hacks really work? The organisation continued: “Co-op is recalling the above products. “Point-of-sale notices will be displayed in all retail stores that are selling the products. “These notices explain to customers why the products are being recalled and tell them what to do if they have bought the products.” The Co-op’s notice said: “Product is being recalled due to product not being to specification – use by date incorrect – 1 July instead of 1 June. DON'T MISS: How to clean duvet and pillows without washing machine ‘Kills germs’ [EXPERT]How to lose belly fat: 5 foods to turn body into ‘fat-burning machine' [GUIDE]How to look younger: £28 high street serum that 'strengthens skin' [BEAUTY] “Return product to nearest Co-op store for a refund, or if you are self-isolating or shielding please contact our customer careline.” The Co-op added that the customer service number is 0800 0686 727. Or, if customers prefer to contact the supermarket via email, the one to use is customer.careline@coop.co.uk. The supermarket concluded: “We apologise for any inconvenience caused.” The FSA also issued its advice to customers, saying: “If you have bought the above products, do not eat them. Instead, return them to your nearest store for a full refund.” The organisation added what happens when product recalls and withdrawals take place. It explained: “If there is a problem with a food product that means it should not be sold, then it might be 'withdrawn' (taken off the shelves) or 'recalled' (when customers are asked to return the product). “The FSA issues Product Withdrawal Information Notices and Product Recall Information Notices to let consumers and local authorities know about problems associated with food. “In some cases, a ‘Food Alert for Action’ is issued. This provides local authorities with details of specific action to be taken on behalf of consumers.” The Co-op Peri Peri Chicken Pasta Bowl is 280g in size and has the incorrect use by date of July 1, 2022. The Co-op Prawn Marie Rose Layered Salad is the same. The two products are the only Co-op items currently affected.