After the dreadful introduction of Deadpool in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Ryan Reynolds finally made a film version of the sweary superhero true to Marvel Comics. The box office smash was followed up with a sequel, but once Disney bought Fox, the future of the franchise was up in the air. Would the family-friendly House of Mouse really let Deadpool's profanity continue on their watch? According to MCU president Kevin Feige, Deadpool 3 will star Reynolds' incarnation of the character and will be R-rated aka 15 certificate. The new movie hasn’t had a release date announced yet, even though it is very much in the works. Nevertheless, the franchise’s official Twitter account shared some news, firmly in the tongue-in-cheek humour of the Marvel character. The tweet read: “Deadpool 3 update: We’ve nailed down brand integrations. Story, character, and script next!” The tweet was accompanied by a picture of Rob Delaney sporting a moustache as Deadpool 2's Peter, surrounded by over the top brand advertising, including Reynolds' own Aviation Gin. The snap may be a joke, but hopefully, Deadpool 3 is a little bit further on than this! As for how the Merc With A Mouth will enter the MCU, fans have speculated it will be through the multiverse since the Fox universe is separate from Disney’s. In fact, some had hoped Reynolds’ superhero would pop up in Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness, but to no avail. DON'T MISSCaptain America 4 ‘sees Moon Knight team up against Secret Empire’ [CAPTAIN AMERICA 4]Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness cameos and deaths [DOCTOR STRANGE 2]Tom Hardy’s Venom 3 announced by Sony PLUS Ghostbusters 5 and more [VENOM 3] Unconfirmed reports claim that Deadpool could have featured in a post-credits scene for Doctor Strange 2. Nevertheless, what is known is that regular Reynolds collaborator Shawn Levy will be directing Deadpool 3. Additionally, Rhett Reese and Paul Wernick, who wrote the first two movies have been hired to work on a script penned by Bob’s Burgers’ Wendy Molyneux and Lizzie Molyneux-Logelin. Deadpool 3’s release date is TBC.