The BBC game show has faced heavy criticism since it underwent a huge format change last year, with Ugo and Sam replacing Phil Tufnell and Matt Dawson. During the latest Question of Sport, many took to social media to argue the current captains are "awful" regarding their knowledge in comparison to the previous team leaders. Paddy McGuinness took over from Sue Barker in hosting the BBC staple, with new guests each week joining the teams to battle it out over sports-related challenged. On Friday, Olympian Asha Philip and former footballer Danny Mills competed on Ugo's team. Sam was helped by three-time Olympic medalist Roger Black and former footballer Jon Wilkin. As the challenges and questions commenced though, the show saw a huge uproar from fans, who were disappointed by the captains. READ MORE: BBC star in bias row after false claim over death of cleaner One round saw the teams guessing a well-known phrase based on photos of sports stars. "John Wark," Ugo identified during his turn, but he was unable to name the second person. He added: "Wark, Wark, Wark, Wark..." before Paddy instructed him to "think of things after that". "Ing?" Ugo suggested as Paddy laughed: "Good shout, actually. "Walkathons," the former rugby union player went on. "Is that a thing?" asked Asha. Ugo responded: "No," as the audience laughed. He continued: "Walk along... oh, hang on, what's that, walk along? "Do you walk along, is it a thing?" he informed Paddy walk along was his answer. DON'T MISS... Angela Levin blasts Meghan for Texas shooting memorial visit [VIDEO]Emmerdale fans 'work out' Noah Dingle's tragic exit from soap [REACTION]EastEnders theory: Bernie takes sole custody of Roland [THEORY] "Of course, that's totally incorrect," the presenter laughed. He went on: "I'm going to give you the golfer's surname and see if you can get it, I love this one - Scott Verplank." "Walk the plank!" Ugo answered correctly. However, his guessing didn't impress viewers of the show. Twitter user Paul Anderson commented: "Fs, how is this Ugo guy a captain on Question of Sport?! He’s awful! Every week!!! #QuestionofSport." Adam Barnes penned: "Every time I watch #questionofsport I realise how much Matt and Phil are missed, their sports knowledge was second to none… unfortunately it’s not matched with the new captains." "The lack of sporting knowledge among the team captains and the host is embarrassing, never mind the pub game format. Tuffers,Dawson and Barker you are greatly missed #questionofsport," @AndrewsMarkR shared. @james1986red added: "Every couple of Fridays I turn on the TV and #aqos a question of sport is on. Picture round Ugo Monye is useless. Turn off." @SteveWaller15 remarked: "Eleven point swing on that stupid round with the wheelie thing. Embarrassing." @DFTPNK02 complained: "BBC closing CBBC and BBC4 yet #questionofsport is still on the air." Question of Sport airs on Fridays at 8pm on BBC One.