The display of Union flags all over the UK ahead of her majesty the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations has been likened to Nazi Germany when dictator Adolf Hitler was in power between 1939 and 1945. Shops are already selling paper plates and mugs all proudly displaying the flag in tribute to Her Majesty. Twitter users have been comparing the hanging of the flags to Nazi Germany and describing Brexiteers as racists and nationalists.  But GB News’s interviewees fiercely disagree with the comparison. When told about the comparison, a woman sniffed her disapproval, saying: "Rubbish, a load of rubbish." Another passer-by said: "What the Jubilee stands for is a very lovely occasion. "And I think it’s important to recognise the Queen’s reign and how long she’s been doing this for and what she’s done for this country."  An elderly couple said: "They’re always people criticising, especially online." Another couple said: "It looks nice! What else would you want to put there?" "That might be a little extreme", a man said. "No, I think that’s appalling", said a woman raising her eyebrows in perplexity. READ MORE: Jubilee bunting ban stuns Ferrari 'Had IRA and no counter terror plan' Another woman said: "No, I wouldn’t say that. I think it’s the Jubilee coming up. It’s nice." And Twitter users also took issue with the comparison, with senior data analyst Dr Rakib Ehsan saying: "Nazi Germany" trending on the back of a debate on the Union Flag. "The anti-British "progressive activist" brigade on social media are beyond unhinged. "The reality is that Britain remains one of the most successful examples of a multi-ethnic democracy in the modern world." Broadcaster Dawn Neesom added: "Treated us to couple union flag deckchairs for Bank Holiday knees-up with neighbours. According to GB hating Twatter today this somehow allies us with Nazi Germany. Wondering what our 97-year-old WW11 vet neighbour will think. Can't we all just have a party?" DON'T MISS: Queen tipped to make SECOND Jubilee balcony appearance [REPORT]Queen’s bid to save monarchy and finances: ‘Genius plan’ [REPORT]Princess Anne and Sophie Wessex could be 'overshadowed' at Jubilee [REVEAL]  The Queen will be celebrating her platinum Jubilee in a couple of weeks to mark her 70th anniversary of service to the nation. The celebrations will take place on the weekend from Thursday 2 June to Sunday 5 June in what will be the hottest weekend of the year so far, the Daily Mail reports, with temperatures reaching 28 degrees Celsius. The British Government has promised a "once-in-a-generation show" that will "mix the best of British ceremonial splendour and pageantry with cutting-edge artistic and technological displays". Other Commonwealth countries will also be commemorating the event, including Australia, Canada, Cayman Islands, New Zealand and Papua New Guinea. The Queen is the first monarch to celebrate a platinum jubilee.