Ukraine’s forces are fending off Russia’s troops up to the end in the besieged city of Mariupol in the hope to keep the city’s last pocket of resistance. Fighting has intensified over the last few days, with one Ukrainian commander describing it as “heavy, blood battles.” It comes amid reports of several Russian troops stalling on many fronts, according to Ukraine’s officials. Should Ukraine turn the tide and win over Russia, general Vincent Desportes warned, Russian President Vladimir Putin would rather hit the nuclear button than lose the war. Speaking to French broadcaster LCI, army general Vincent Desportes warned: “As much as we must be totally firm with Vladimir Putin, we must also be aware that if he is ever at the end of his rope, that is to say, if the Russian army is on the verge of total defeat, he will inevitably use nuclear weapons.” “We have never seen a tyrant, a dictator give in at the end when he had important military capabilities. “Napoleon at Waterloo launches his guard. Hitler launches his last troops of course." Should Ukraine turn the tide and win over Russia, general Vincent Desportes warned, Russian President Vladimir Putin would rather hit the nuclear button than lose the war. “And he (Putin) in the end, if he is cornered, rather than lose, he will use tactical nuclear weapons.” About the deployment of nuclear weapons, General Desportes said: “And to be honest, I'm surprised he hasn't done that yet. “And I think he hasn't done it yet because there is a kind of important psychological and moral seal. “Tactical nuclear weapons are weapons that participate in the battle. They are not weapons of deterrence that would aim to destroy Paris, Berlin, London, or Washington. READ MORE: Putin humiliated as Russian soldiers claims army has 'no training' General Desportes also warned the intensity of the shock would result in Ukrainians conceding defeat. He added: “And in the end, it's a situation that would suit Mr Putin well because things would stop. And we can see that the war is difficult for him. “It would allow him to stop and eventually to start again.” “They would be weapons that would be used on the battlefield, i.e. in Ukraine, to break the deadlock, but I would also say for a psychological shock that would terrorise everyone.” DON'T MISS:Russia forced to abandon tactics as troops coming out 'second best' [ANALYSIS]Lukashenko warns Ukraine is 'provoking Russia' as Belarus readies army [REPORT]Shock data shows those 'still funding Russian war chest' two months on [INSIGHT]  Putin and his foreign secretary have issued veiled nuclear threats on many occasions on the consequences for the West if it keeps supplying Ukraine with weapons. The US, UK, EU, and NATO have intensified their arms deliveries to Ukraine to help Ukrainian troops defend themselves against Putin’s forces. US President Joe Biden has asked Congress to pass a $33billion package for Ukraine, that includes $20billion for military equipment like artillery and armoured vehicles. President Biden said: “Despite the disturbing rhetoric coming out of the Kremlin, the facts are plain for everybody to see. We’re not attacking Russia. We’re helping Ukraine defend itself against Russian aggression."