Manchester United are working on a deal for Kalvin Phillips as well as eyeing Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong, according to reports. The Red Devils are determined to give Erik ten Hag a formidable squad for next season. And it appears the fallen Premier League giants are busy behind the scenes as they look to turn things around. Ten Hag will be the new manager of United next season, having penned a three-year contract with the club. And he’s determined to improve the squad in this summer’s transfer window given the Red Devils’ nightmare campaign under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. According to the Manchester Evening News, United are still working on a deal for Leeds star Phillips. There have been suggestions the England international will turn down a move to Old Trafford out of loyalty for his current employers. Yet with Leeds facing relegation - they currently sit 18th in the table - United are continuing to eye a deal. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings In addition to that, Ten Hag has apparently reached out to De Jong’s agent to gauge whether the Barcelona star would be interested in a reunion at Old Trafford. The duo previously worked together at Ajax, helping the Dutch side reach the semi-finals of the Champions League in 2019. De Jong then proceeded to join Barcelona in the summer of that year, turning down Paris Saint-Germain in the process. However, he’s often struggled for consistency over in Catalonia despite the high hopes the club had for him. Barcelona are said to be ‘reluctant’ to take a loss on De Jong. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Yet with the club having big debt, and needing to make a sale by June to balance their finances, United have hope a deal can be brokered. Should De Jong arrive, he could feasibly be deployed alongside Donny van de Beek in the middle of the park. Van de Beek has barely had a chance at United since touching down from Ajax back in the summer transfer window of 2020. He’s currently out on loan at Everton, though injuries have hampered his minutes at Goodison Park. But Van de Beek is expected to be given a second chance at United, having again been part of Ten Hag’s winning Ajax squad. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Should De Jong arrive, it’s also likely to be as a replacement for midfielder Paul Pogba. Pogba is primed to leave Old Trafford on a free transfer, a decade after he did so when Sir Alex Ferguson was manager. On that occasion, Juventus won the race for the 29-year-old. And the Old Lady are interested in landing Pogba again this summer, though Real Madrid, Paris Saint-Germain and Manchester City have also been linked. Regarding De Jong, Liverpool icon John Barnes insisted the Barcelona star would be the perfect replacement for Pogba earlier in the season. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Frenkie de Jong would be a brilliant signing for Manchester United,” Barnes told BonusCodeBets. “It looks like Paul Pogba is on his way out of the club so bringing in a replacement for him is very important. “Especially if that person is a young and talented player who will get the opportunity to be one of the main players at the club. “He has everything in terms of passing range, intensity and a great attitude. It’s exactly what Manchester United need in midfield. “That was their plan with Donny van de Beek, but of course he’s been stifled by other players in his position playing better than him. “However, bringing De Jong in and putting him straight into the side and being trusted would be good for both Manchester United and him.”