"This just proves Labour is winning the battle of ideas," said the woman who is clearly unaware of Labour's infamous reputation as the party with NO policy ideas. Ms Reeves forgets that Tory governments have imposed windfall taxes three times in the past 40 years - so not actually a Labour idea. The good news is that Rishi's £21billion splurge and the windfall tax has put cash into the hands of people who need it - five million of whom are currently living in fuel poverty, a figure which was likely to rise to 7.5million later this year. Well, not now - thanks to Rishi. But as people everywhere can be heard heaving huge sighs of relief they're being drowned out by furious Tories screaming that the windfall tax is "unconservative" and "not the Tory way ". These idiots, who've clearly never worried about paying a bill, are so out of touch they look stupid as well as heartless. We're living in unprecedented times. Inflation is at a 40-year high - and set to go higher. People are having to choose between eating and heating. The use of food banks has rocketed by nearly 30 per cent in recent weeks and we have pensioners sitting in cold houses terrified to switch on the heating because they've got no spare cash to pay for it. What the hell was Rishi supposed to do - let these people rot because it wasn't "the Tory way" to help them? Was he supposed to let these people drown in debt while the big oil companies continued to rake in obscene profits - nearly $100billion in the first quarter of this year, THREE times more than they normally make. "We can't just sit idly by," said Rishi. And thank God he didn't. He's given 27 million households £400, pensioners an extra £300 and eight million of the poorest a £650 lump sum with many of those on benefits getting up to £1,200. That's what a decent government does - it helps its poorest, its most vulnerable. Yes, Sunak's stitched up Labour because not only will his windfall tax raise £5billion - twice what Starmer's and Reeves's was going to - but Labour can no longer boast about caring for the country's poorest because the Tories are doing that. But people's political colours, a party's political principles can't and shouldn't be more important than letting people go without food or die of cold. What matters is taking care of people, who through no fault of their own can't take care of themselves. This week Rishi Sunak did that. This money will make a monumental difference to a lot of desperate, frightened people. Yes there are drawbacks - interest rates could go up, the oil companies could hit back. But people needed help right now - and they got it. Maybe Rishi should have lowered taxes, spiked the recent National Insurance hike but analysts say this splurge gives the economy a chance of avoiding recession and job losses, and will halve the squeeze on incomes. Of course these kinds of giveaways can't become the norm - but there's nothing normal about the times we're living in. This is a global, economic white-knuckle ride that most have never seen in their lifetime. We have no choice but to hold on and pray that Rishi knows what he's doing! Thomas Markle has had a huge stroke which has left him unable to speak. He'd been due to fly to Britain for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations but will instead spend it in a Californian hospital. His son, Thomas Jr, and daughter, Samantha, are with him. But while Meghan flew 1,400 miles to Texas this week to lay flowers at a memorial to the victims of the Robb Elementary School massacre I'm betting she won't be flying to her sick father's bedside. I'd like to say it's a decision she might regret if his condition worsens. But I'm not sure that would be the case. Harry and Meghan are forever telling us how caring and compassionate they are. Will they ever offer a shred of it to Thomas Markle? No, he hasn't always made smart decisions about talking to the media but then he was left totally alone to deal with the global frenzy over his daughter marrying into the British royal family. He should have been taken care of, prepared for what was to come. Instead he was abandoned. Maybe instead of "selling" compassion as part of their brand - Meghan and Harry should actually throw some Mr Markle's way. He's in desperate need of it right now. Every time there's a mass shooting in the US - 200 so far this year including 27 school shootings - the President and various (usually Republican senators) talk with quivering lips about the senselessness of it all. They talk about dead children in hushed tones, they emote, they weep, yet none of them has the guts to take on the gun lobby. In fact some senators openly support it. In the wake of the horrific shootings in Texas of 19 children and two teachers by 18-year-old Salvador Ramos (who celebrated his birthday by buying two guns and going on a killing spree), Joe Biden demanded America "find its backbone" on gun ownership. "As a nation we have to ask when are we going to stand up to the gun lobby?" It's a question only he can answer because only he has the ultimate power to do it. Biden has spent much of his political career trying to restrict gun access. But he's never been the Leader of the FreeWorld before. Now he is, he needs to fix this. So what if restricting access to guns infringes the Second Amendment - a law which was passed more than 200 years ago when the US really was the Wild West. It's a murderous law and Biden needs to change it. Michelin-star chef Angela Hartnett says she once ended a date with a man after he ordered pizza with pineapple on it. You've got to have your standards," says the woman whose tasting menus start at £115 a head. I've always liked Hartnett but I hate this kind of food snobbery. Because what she's doing is judging people on what they eat, i.e. you're a pleb unless you eat fine foods. Sorry, but not everyone has the refined taste buds of Ms Hartnett or can afford to eat in Michelin-star restaurants. And for the record - I love pineapple on pizza! Injuries involving e-scooters rocketed by 170 per cent last year, more than 1,350 people needed ambulance treatment after collisions, the numbers of pedestrians injured has quadrupled and cops say they enable crimes. They're also a danger to the elderly, the disabled and kids, yet still the Government is pressing ahead to legalise them after what they call a "successful trial". Makes you wonder how many people had to be hurt for it to be declared an "unsuccessful trial". Sharon Stone is playing a blinder at Cannes. At 64 she looks fabulous and every bit as good as those Hollywood babes who are 40 years younger. I have no idea if she's still making movies or is at Cannes promoting a film. But who cares? Looking like she does she can just fly the flag for 60-something women who are still gloriously sexy! It's great news that comic genius Peter Kay is back. We've missed him these past six years. It was never clear why he suddenly ducked out of the limelight. The explanation at the time was " family circumstances". Well, whatever those circumstances were we can only hope they're now resolved because we need funny men like Peter Kay now more than ever before! A Japanese bloke who identifies as a Collie dog has paid £12,000 for a costume that makes him look like one. "It's fulfilled my dream of becoming an animal," says Toko San. Straightjackets, please?