Johnny Depp, 58, was spotted “cowering” during an argument with ex-wife Amber Heard, 36, it has been claimed during the actor's defamation trial. The incident occurred on the same trip in which Amber accused Johnny of performing a “cavity search” on her. Taking to the stand at Fairfax County Court on Tuesday, Morgan Night, former owner of Hicksville Trailer Palace discussed the couple’s stay at the trailer park in California in May 2013. Johnny and Amber had rented out the hotel to throw a party. Amber previously testified that Johnny had “ripped my underwear” to perform a “cavity search, looking for drugs” during the visit. It came after the actor reportedly became jealous that another woman had rested on the actress’ arm READ MORE: Carol Vorderman praised after rescuing stranded hiker on mountain However, Morgan said that his perspective on the events was slightly different. He said that he did not see Johnny yelling that night, but Amber shouting instead, while Depp appearing to be “cowering”. The trailer park owner told the court: "He, honestly, throughout the rest of the night became a lot more quiet. "The beginning of the night he was a lot more outgoing and extroverted. “As the course of the night went on it was less and less so and more quiet. "She started yelling at him and I didn't want to hear it. Honestly it was really triggering." He went on to say Johnny seemed drunk. The next morning he observed that a light fixture was ripped off the wall in their trailer. DON'T MISS...Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker steal Met Gala spotlight [PICS]Brooklyn Beckham shirtless as Nicola Peltz dares to bare at Met Gala [LATEST]Anne Hegerty reacts to Mark Labbett's The Chase replacement [INSIGHT] "I observed there was a light sconce by the bathroom, in the bedroom had been broken off the wall and a couple pieces were on the floor," he said. When questioned by Heard’s lawyer, Morgan denied he was a “big fan of Johnny Depp”. She also added that Morgan directed a 1999 movie in which Johnny’s ex-wife, Lori Anne Allison worked in the make-up department. Johnny is suing Amber for $50 million over a 2018 op-ed she wrote in the Washington Post, where she talked about her alleged domestic abuse experiences. The star asked for no less than $50 million in compensatory damages, claiming Amber destroyed his career. In August 2020, Amber filed a counterclaim in response to his libel lawsuit, suing him for $100m. The actress accused him of forming a "smear campaign against her”. Johnny’s lawyer requested the judge strike Amber’s counterclaim, saying she is "not entitled to immunity" for her Washington Post article. Johnny has denied ever physically assaulting Amber. The trial continues.