Tatiana Monko and her daughter Daryna were forced to flee their home in Bucza in Ukraine's Kyiv Oblast following the invasion by Russia but were able to return last week. They found their home had been ransacked and despite Daryna's prized autographed poster of her favourite band being torn to shreds, she quickly wanted to play her beloved piano again. However, as the youngster sat down and started playing, Tatiana noticed her daughter's trophies sitting on top of the piano had been moved. When she lifted the lid of the instrument to look inside, the sickened mother was horrified to find a VOG-25P grenade attached to the piano's hammers. The explosive was removed by Ukrainian bomb disposal experts. A raging Tatiana launched a furious attack against Russian troops, telling local media: "I want the whole world to know what these b**s are doing. "At the age of six she started singing and chess, last year she took fourth place in the regional chess tournament, is still in the theatre studio, played cameo roles in TV series, and the last two years started the piano and accordion. "We do not know how many more talented young Ukrainian children will be at risk of this war, or how many of them were killed or kidnapped by the Russians." The mother added: "I feel that attention to the war and assistance to Ukrainians has weakened. "My Daryna sings, reads poetry, but the happy life she had has been ruined by the Russians." She appealed to the rest of the world to do whatever possible to stop Russia's aggression into Ukraine, urging further punishments aimed at crippling the country. READ MORE: Russia to CUT OFF Finland electricity supply this weekend Tatiana added: "We want to shout to the whole world - use all possible means to stop this. "Isolate Russia, isolate its culture and figures, because everything it does to preserve the image of a civilized state is in fact the same as the explosive in the piano." Anton Geraszchenko from Ukraine's Ministry of Internal Affairs said it was a miracle the highly-dangerous grenade inside the piano didn't explode. He said: "Miraculously, the grenade hidden in her piano didn't go off. DON'T MISSPutin 'very ill with blood cancer' claims Russian oligarch [COMMENTS]China and India line Putin's pockets as oil exports soar 50% [REPORT]Putin bans Russians from entering Britain [LATEST] "Thanks to the mother's vigilance, nobody was hurt and the grenade was disarmed by specialists." Earlier on Friday, video from Ukraine's military showed its forces had destroyed parts of a Russian armoured column as it tried to cross a river in the Donbas region. Ukraine has enjoyed success in driving Russian troops from Kharkiv, although Moscow is still bombarding villages north of the country's second-largest city. Kharkiv had been under fierce bombardment but has been relatively quiet for the past two weeks, and it is believed Ukraine now controls territory stretching to the Siverskyi Donets River, around 25 miles to the east.