 The spectacle-wearing businesswoman, born in August 1921, has developed an iconic look over the years. She even has her own emoji celebrating her look. The fashionista, who served nine presidents as part of her textiles career, is renowned for her iconic round glasses and loud jewellery. But as well as having an interesting fashion sense, she also has an iconic outlook on ageing. In an interview in 2017, the star revealed what she thinks has gotten her to this age. "I always eat well; I never eat junk food" was the first self-imposed rule she revealed in an interview with The New Potato publication. This rule is a sound one too. Most fast foods are smothered in salt or loaded with carbohydrates. As these foods become digested, they release sugar into your blood, increasing your blood sugar. Over time, this comes with all sorts of risks, including developing diabetes and high blood pressure (hypertension). READ MORE: Testosterone deficiency syndrome – feeling dreadfully unhappy might not be depression  Plenty of research shows this can lead to coronary heart disease. Hypertension is also one of the biggest co-morbidities in patients hospitalised with COVID-19. The NHS recommends adults should only have around 30g of sugar every day. That’s roughly seven sugar cubes. “I don't drink soda" is another principle Apfel sticks to, which again, is top-notch advice.    Fizzy drinks contain a lot of sugar. There’s a myth that they make you feel full. Studies have shown that people who drink sugary soda added 17 percent more calories to their diet. The star also opened up about her unhealthy smoking habit. She used to smoke four packs a day but gave it up. But she also offered a surprising revelation. “I don't do any exercises regularly,” she said, staining her rulebook for life with an unhealthy anomaly.   While it is possible to overtrain, not exercising enough is dangerous. Your blood pressure is likely to increase, and there is a real risk of developing heart disease. Besides, exercising releases hormones that make you feel good. The final rule she mentioned was alcohol moderation. “I don't drink heavily, but I do have a drink now and then,” Apfel shared. Although everyone knows it’s bad to consume too much alcohol, not everyone knows that moderate alcohol intake has health benefits. In fact, Apfel’s moderate alcohol use could be reducing her risk of dying from heart disease. “Moderate alcohol consumption, regardless of beverage type, reduces risk of coronary heart disease (CHD) among men and older women,” explained the British Heart Foundation. A report from the Irish Independent even found that men who drink two pints of beer before a brain puzzle performed better on the puzzle.