Sir Terry Wogan was the BBC’s commentator for the Eurovision Song Contest from 1971 until 2008. Graham Norton took over from the broadcaster the following year and has been commentating ever since. The comedian paid tribute to his predecessor before the ninth entry as he shared his Eurovision tradition in honour of Sir Terry. After the hosts introduced the ninth performance, Graham commented: “A big roar from the crowd because it’s Italy. “But this is also song nine and this is traditionally where I urge you to raise a glass, a mug, a can, whatever you’ve got to make a toast to the man who was and always will be the voice of Eurovision, Terry Wogan.” Graham encourages Eurovision fans to raise a glass to Sir Terry every year. Before this year’s competition, the comedian referenced his yearly tribute to his predecessor. Read more: Norway sends fans crazy with 'grandma' flashing but what does it mean? When asked about whether he has any Eurovision traditions, Graham said: “Not really. “I make sure I’ve been to the toilet and only start drinking at song number nine as Sir Terry decreed.” In 2016, Graham explained why the ninth entry has particular meaning to him. He said: “For those who aren’t aware, song number nine is famous because Sir Terry always warned me not to have anything to drink until that point. “During song number nine this year [2016] the host country Sweden will be performing and I will be encouraging everyone to raise a glass. “It has all worked out very nicely as Swedish people in the arena will be cheering their song in the stadium as everyone back in the UK will join me and say cheers to the memory and legacy of Sir Terry Wogan.” For the 2022 Eurovision Song Contest, the host nation and one of the bookies’ favourites took the ninth position. Mahmood & Blanco and their song Brividi has been a huge hit in Italy sitting in the number one spot for 10 weeks and breaking records for the number of streams on Spotify. DON'T MISSEurovision 2022 fury as fans call for contest to block ballads [INSIGHT]Spain 'to win Eurovision 2020' with Chanel and SloMo - Here's how [INSIGHT]Eurovision 2022: Sweden’s win ‘sealed’ as data points to success [DATA] Ahead of this year’s Eurovision, Ukraine were the bookmakers’ favourites. Ladbrokes tipped Kalush Orchestra to win with odds of 1/3. Sweden raced into second place ahead of the UK with their odds being slashed just before the singing competition kicked off. Cornelia Jakobs who wowed in the semi-final with ballad Hold Me Closer was priced at 5/1 to win while Sam Ryder sat behind at 11/2. The host nation sat comfortably in fourth position with odds of 12/1. Alex Apati of Ladbrokes said: "Tonight could be costly for bookies if Sam Ryder delivers in Turin." He added: "Sweden have emerged out of nowhere over the past few hours and are now seemingly set to give Ukraine a real challenge for this year's crown." Eurovision Song Contest 2022 is available on BBC iPlayer.