The Prime Minister is ­determined to “level up” by ­converting “generation rent into generation own” with a right to buy scheme similar to Margaret Thatcher’s flagship home purchase move which changed the lives of millions. But Mr Duncan Smith warned ministers will have to be ­“determined” to get it through in the face of opposition from local government, which he said is “in cahoots” with housing associations that are against the move. Ms Leadsom, a former business secretary and Commons leader, suggested the plan would be a vote winner. She said: “I think there will be many who would hugely welcome it. “And the money should go into building new social housing.” Robert Jenrick, who was previously Mr Johnson’s communities secretary, also backed the move. Mr Jenrick said: “Now is the time to extend the right to all tenants. “Conservatives must be the party of home ownership. “And, along with building more homes, finding new routes to ownership should be at the heart of our mission.” Senior Tory David Jones said the policy would be popular but called for the proceeds from sales to be put back into the development of new properties. He said: “It was the flagship policy of the first Thatcher administration and it plays to that fundamental wish for people to own the home they live in. “We need to move away from generation rent to generation own.” Sir John Redwood, a minister under Mrs Thatcher, said: “The more we can do to encourage private home ownership the better. We want an ownership society. “Levelling up must include giving people the opportunity to buy their own home.” Mr Johnson’s plan to revive the scheme emerged as he hit the campaign trail in the North-east ahead of Thursday’s local elections." The right to buy scheme was one of Mrs Thatcher’s most popular policies and increased home ownership across the country. More than two million properties were bought under the reform after it was ­introduced in 1980. Tenants retained the right to buy when local councils transferred their properties to housing associations. Proposals allowing renters in social homes to buy at discounted prices later appeared in David Cameron’s 2015 Conservative ­manifesto but failed to materialise. Mr Johnson committed to consider new pilots for the scheme ahead of the 2019 general election. The average age of Britons buying their own home hit 34 this year, ­compared to 31 in 2002 and 29 in the 1990s, according to analysis by the consumer champion Which? A typical home in the UK in 1980 cost £24,000 and went up by an average of seven per cent a year for nearly four decades. But since the pandemic, prices have rocketed further, rising by 12.1 per cent in the past year alone, with the average house price now £267,620. But critics said reviving the right to buy policy would deplete the social housing stock while failing to tackle the housing crisis. Polly Neate, the chief executive of ­homelessness charity Shelter, said: “The hare-brained idea of extending right to buy to housing associations is the opposite of what the country needs. “There could not be a worse time to sell off what remains of our last truly affordable social homes. “The living cost crisis means more people are on the brink of homelessness than home ownership. Nearly 34,000 households in England became homeless between October and December last year. “More than 8,000 of them were families with children. “Right to buy has already torn a massive hole in our social housing stock as less than five per cent of the homes sold off have ever been replaced. “These half-baked plans have been tried before and they’ve failed. “Over one million ­households are stuck on social housing waiting lists in England. “And with every bill ­skyrocketing, the Government should be building more social homes, so we have more not less.” There’s no doubt that Britain’s property market, and the desire of so many to own their own home, is unique to this country. And giving as many people as possible the opportunity to own their home, with the inherent security and peace of mind that it gives, can only be a good thing. We are unfortunately quite used to reading about housing associations that fail to maintain their property correctly, and giving tenants ownership will allow them to take control of repairs and improvements. There are great benefits but very large concerns too. Social housing can act as a safety net for people facing hard times. A reduction in stock will make even fewer homes available to those most in need. Another concern is that current tenants, who are relatively secure renting in the public sector, could find themselves at the mercy of private sector banks who may take a less sympathetic view to late or missed mortgage payments than their landlords do now. Then, what if the market turns downward as the cost of borrowing spirals? Might we once again see repossession and homelessness exacerbated by a reduction in social housing? By all means I say give people the chance to buy their home. But I hope that careful thought and the necessary legislation is there and ready for if and when things end up going wrong.