Ex-Sky presenter Richard Keys has snapped back at Gary Neville for firing shots at BT Sport's coverage of the Champions League final on Saturday, labelling the pundits that were on air as 'top pros'. BT Sport have covered all of the UK's Champions League coverage this season, meaning they were in charge for Saturday's final between Liverpool and Real Madrid. Prior to kick-off, news developed that fans were struggling to get into the ground in Paris, with French police deploying tear gas and pepper spray, although this was not shown on camera as BT's coverage was held pitch side. Neville showed his anger at the incident, tweeting: "Are you surprised? I’m not. They can’t react or aren’t agile to things like this happening". The Sky Sports pundit also liked a tweet that read: "Fair to say BT Sport and their lightweight team are totally unsuited to covering an event like this still chatting football, 5 Live covering what is happening properly," prompting football fans to react to his actions. And it wasn't just limited to fans, with Keys slamming the former Manchester United right-back for his actions. "F**k me @GNev2, Is there nothing you’re not an expert on?" Keys tweeted in anger. "I’ve worked with guys @btsport & they’re top pros as @mrjakehumphrey has said. I'm quite certain Saturday was a challenging night for everyone. Just like covering the OT riot you instigated & covered badly at Sky." Liverpool's request for a thorough investigation into the ordeal was accepted on Monday. UEFA confirmed that an independent report into the problems outside the ground has been commissioned, and events will now be looked at in great detail. Fans of the Reds had queued up outside the ground up to two-and-a-half hours before kick-off as they eagerly anticipated a potential seventh win in Europe's most prestigious competition. Having dismantled Inter Milan, Benfica and Villarreal with ease in their route to the final, thousands gathered in and around the Stade de France to roar their team on. But celebrations turned sour as police stopped letting fans through the gates over fears that locals were trying to access the ground without tickets. Liverpool fans, officials and ambassadors alike were left seething at how local authorities treated their fans. Tear gas and pepper spray were deployed, with kick-off being delayed for 36 minutes as a result of the chaos.