A fan of cleaning star Mrs Hinch has shared their tip for cleaning oven racks. Ovens are one of the most-hated cleaning jobs, with Britons always looking for ways to make the chore easier. One fan of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch has shared how to clean oven racks using a dishwasher tablet and tin foil. Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, became popular after she began sharing her cleaning tips and hacks on social media and TV. Now, the cleaning star has more than 4.3 million followers on Instagram. Fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips. On one such group, Facebook user Siobhan Mc Dermott Dunne shared with other Mrs Hinch fans: “Ladies, here’s a tip my friend gave me. READ MORE: Kate & William: Inside Adelaide Cottage- 'much better option' for home “She has a cleaning business so does this for a living. It’s fantastic.” “A client asked for tips or advice on how to clean her oven but especially the racks. “I sent her this and this morning she sent me back some photos. “Firstly, wrap your racks in tin foil.  DON'T MISSOven cleaning: How to clean oven door glass under 5 minutes - ‘cheap’ [INSIGHT]‘Highly effective’ 27p method to kill patio weeds - ‘works quickly’ [UPDATE]House prices: UK city seeing the biggest rise in asking prices [ANALYSIS] “Place in the bath with two dishwasher tablets and cover in hot water. Leave overnight. “As you can see from her photos. Maximum result, minimum effort.” The oven racks in the photos after using the cleaning hack looked brand new with no grease or food debris on them. The hack received more than 300 comments from Mrs Hinch fans with one person claiming the hack “worked a dream”. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Yvonne Mck said: “Why did I not know this.” Karen Hall replied: “I did mine and it brought most of it off, I took them outside and jet washed the rest off!” Linda Groves wrote: “It really does work.” Sam Oakes said: “Going to try this.” Alison Michele commented: “This is amazing - worked like a dream! Thank you.” Waitrose 30 Dishwasher Tablets Original cost £6. ASDA Smart Price Dishwasher Tablets are £1.40. Morrisons Savers Lemon Dishwasher Tablets are just £2. Morrisons Savers Wrapping Foil is 65p. ASDA Smart Price Wrapping Foil is 68p. Wilko Aluminium Foil is £1.25.  Other Mrs Hinch fans shared their own recommendations for cleaning oven racks. Stephanie Smith said: “Stick in a box with washing powder and conditioner (for clothes) and add hot water, they will come up lovely.” Beckie Thompson wrote: “I just soaked mine in a bath with hot water and laundry powder. “They came up a treat too. Amazed it worked.” Emma Saddington-Phillips said: “I just put mine in the dishwasher and they come out sparkling.” Anne Rosseter agreed and said: “Put them through the dishwasher, then clean with wire wool or put the oven on the highest heat and leave for 20 minutes and they clean easier.” Charlotte Hutchinson said: “Oven Pride works brilliantly.”