According to the research by Startline, more than eight out of 10 (84 percent) of used car buyers would back the controversial Government idea to switch to two years between MOT tests. The plans were floated last month as a way to save motorists money. Money saving was actually some way down the list in terms of the reasoning behind it, mentioned by just 16 percent of drivers. Of the 16 percent of people who don’t agree with lengthening the test, 50 percent worry about the safety of other people’s cars and 27 percent about the safety of their own. Over a fifth (23 percent) don’t believe longer gaps between tests would save money, reported Motor Trader. Paul Burgess, CEO at Startline Motor Finance, said: “This is a widely reported idea that was apparently floated by the cabinet as a potential way of helping people save money during the cost of living crisis but was widely criticised by the motor industry on safety grounds. READ MORE: Drivers could be fined thousands for letting an ambulance go past “Certainly, any MOT tester could tell you horror stories about the cars that they see every day under the current one year system and before any move was made by the Government towards longer testing, we’d like to see widespread consultation.” The Transport Minister Grant Shapps reportedly suggested making the change to two-year MOTs in recent Cabinet meetings, where Boris Johnson instructed ministers to come up with plans to tackle the financial disaster plaguing the UK. The UK has some 32.5 million vehicles registered on its roads; one of the biggest driving nations in Europe. DON'T MISSDriver fined by parking company after being sold non-existing space [SHOCKING]Drivers warned as councils get new powers to fine for traffic offences [WARNING]Drivers warned of large fines for low fuel error - 'No excuse' [RISK OF FINES] An MOT is currently required under law to be completed every year. Data from 2020/2021 reveals that nearly a third of all UK cars and vans failed their MOT first time round. Of that third, 2.5 million failed due to ‘dangerous’ faults. Delaying your MOT, if allowed, would save motorists around £35 to £55 per year. But this is hardly a dent in the skyrocketing cost of living crisis that has seen energy bills rise by 50 percent and tax bills increase for millions of workers. Mr Shapps said at a Commons Transport Select Committee: “If you look at things like MOTs – cars have clearly become a lot more reliable than when the MOT, named after the Ministry of Transport, was put in place. “I think it's always right to keep these things under review, but there's a lot of road to cover before we get to that point.” The idea wasn’t met with full agreement however, with Transport Select Committee member, Karl McCartney, telling Mr Shapps it was “an absolutely crass idea”. In the financial year 2020/21, almost a third (30.23 percent) of the 30 million cars and vans presented for an MOT failed the test at the first attempt. And more worryingly, one in 10 failed due to at least one “dangerous” defect as defined by the MOT testers’ guide. Karen Rotberg, co-founder of maintenance specialists Book My Garage, warned that scrapping the annual MOT would mean these vehicles could be left on the roads for long periods with dangerous defects unaddressed. She said: “This could be genuinely dangerous for drivers, cyclists and pedestrians and we would be seeing cars on the roads with serious defects.”