The Metropolitan Police confirmed they were called by the London Ambulance Service at 12:48pm on Monday, May 30, to reports of a stabbing in the area of Westbury Road, Wood Green, N22. A man suffering from stab and slash injuries was found at the scene. Emergency services attended the scene, dispatching both an ambulance crew and an air ambulance which landed in a nearby park, according to an eye witness. A resident in the area said on social media that the victim had been found collapsed in the street. The man was treated at the scene for chest injuries before being taken to a major trauma centre by road, a spokesperson for the London Ambulance Service said. His condition has been assessed as non-life threatening. No arrests have been made. A statement from the Met Police said: “Police were called by the London Ambulance Service at 12:48hrs on Monday, 30 May to reports of a man stabbed in the area of Westbury Road, N22. “Officers attended. A 48-year-old man was found suffering from stab and slash injuries. He was taken to hospital. His condition has been assessed as non life-threatening. “Emergency services remain in attendance. “There have been no arrests.” Ben Obese-Jecty, who lives a few hundred metres from the scene on Westbury Road, told MyLondon: “The first I knew of this was seeing the Air Ambulance circling overhead whilst walking my dog, it was clearly looking for a place to land, which it did so in a nearby park (Russell Park) where it dropped off a trauma team. “I walked down to Westbury Avenue which was closed with traffic on diversion and could see the scene...The Officer on the cordon confirmed that there had been a stabbing although this had occurred elsewhere and the victim had made it to the parade of shops before collapsing.” The road has since been reopened athough emergency services remain on the scene, according to eyewitnesses. A statement by the London Ambulance Service said: “We were called at 12.45pm today (30 May) to reports of a stabbing on Westbury Avenue, Wood Green. “We sent a number of resources to the scene, including an ambulance crew and an incident response officer. We also dispatched London’s Air Ambulance. “Our medics arrived in five minutes, and treated one man at the scene for chest injuries, before taking him to a major trauma centre by road, as a priority.”