Moss Hall Schools Federation in the London Borough of Barnet was founded in 1952, and today saw students and teachers celebrate in style to wish Her Majesty well. Located in West Finchley, students took to the school field dressed in red, white and blue clothing and enjoyed Victoria sponge cupcakes whilst singing a song dedicated to the event.  Singing to the tune of Sister Sledge’s “We are family”, and accompanied by a steel band, recorders and piano, the children in unison sang “Moss Hall Jubilee” with lyrics including “70 years like the Queen.” The school welcomes students from across the Borough, all of whom participated in the event. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, some of the students explained how they had prepared for the garden party. Arjun from Year 6 explained what the event meant to the school. He said: “We are celebrating the Queen reigning for 70 years, which is quite a big achievement as she is the first-ever monarch to do so.” When asked about his favourite part of the celebrations, he said: “Coming out here with everyone and enjoying the day with all my classmates and friends.”  Singing to the tune of Sister Sledge’s “We are family”, and accompanied by a steel band, recorders and piano, the children in unison sang “Moss Hall Jubilee” with lyrics including “70 years like the Queen.” The school welcomes students from across the Borough, all of whom participated in the event. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, some of the students explained how they had prepared for the garden party. Arjun from Year 6 explained what the event meant to the school. He said: “We are celebrating the Queen reigning for 70 years, which is quite a big achievement as she is the first-ever monarch to do so.” When asked about his favourite part of the celebrations, he said: “Coming out here with everyone and enjoying the day with all my classmates and friends.”  Another student, Imran said: “At 96 years old, it’s such an achievement for the Queen, and we are all here today to celebrate this fact.” Speaking of the preparations for the day, Sadie aged 10 said: “We have all made bunting, which is really exciting as it’s not only the Queen’s Jubilee, it’s also Moss Hall’s Jubilee. “We have been learning about the history of the school since it was founded. “To celebrate today, we have learned a new song for the occasion, made bandanas and have dressed up in red, white and blue clothing. “I’m looking forward to having some of the cake.”  READ MORE:'Divisive' Meghan and Harry brace for backlash from royal superfans  Mrs Mitchell, one of the teachers at the school, said: “The school was founded in 1952, the same time Queen Elizabeth was crowned. “Every decade, we celebrate with the Queen, which is wonderful. The children have been learning lots about the Queen, including the fact 14 Prime Ministers have served during her reign, which is something we didn’t know. “We have also looked into what the Queen does, and how she represents so many strands in her work.” DON'T MISS:Liz Truss issues Putin warning over 'weaponising hunger' [REPORT]British chip shops threatened as one-third struggle with Brexit costs [INSIGHT]'I don't need this!' Wizz Air pilot rants after SEVEN-HOUR delay [REVEAL]  Across Britain, a host of events will be taking place to celebrate the Platinum Jubilee. Preparations for the big party are already in motion, with a special pudding selected, limited-edition coins churning out of the mint and street-party planning at full pelt. On June 2, there will be a special Queen’s Birthday Parade (Trooping the Colour) which will see troops from the 1st Battalion, Irish Guards and over 1,200 officers and soldiers from the Household Division putting on a display. There will also be a series of Platinum Jubilee beacons lit to mark the occasion, with the Principal Beacon being lit at a special event at Buckingham Palace. June 3 will see a Service of Thanksgiving held at St Paul’s Cathedral, whilst on June 4, a Party in the Palace will see A-list stars perform a concert.  Street parties are also being planned across the county, with June 5 being a day many communities will come together to celebrate the event. For Moss Hall Schools Federation and many others around the country, the occasion has seen communities come together and celebrate Her Majesty, with festivities, parties, singing and fun, leaving many excited to be part of the historic moment. Following the song, Honey, aged 10, ended by saying: “We have learned so much over the last couple of weeks in preparation for today. “It’s been so nice to work together in groups and make decorations and practice our song together. “It’s also great being able to participate in this event and see so many people happy in one place. “It’s not often we get to eat such lovely cake on a nice sunny day during school time!” 