Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson, both 62, tied the knot in 1986 at Westminster Abbey. The two of them met the year prior at one of the Queen's "dine and sleep" events at Windsor Castle. Despite officially separating in 1992, Sarah and Andrew have remained quite close to provide a strong parental unit for their two children, Princess Beatrice, 33, and Princess Eugenie, 32. Since then, the pair's children have grown up and gone on to have their own kids. Beatrice and her husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi, 38, welcomed baby Sienna into the world last September. While Eugenie is mum to son August, one, with husband Jack Brooksbank, 36. In a recent interview, the Duchess of York has opened up on what kind of dad Prince Andrew is. Speaking ahead of the launch of her best-selling Mills & Boon novel, Her Heart for a Compass, on Monday, May 16, Fergie spoke candidly about Andrew’s role within their family. She told OK!: "[Andrew] is a wonderful father and a very very good grandfather.” Fergie then went on to outline the techniques she uses with her daughters, and described motherhood as her “chief role”. She said: “To be a good mother is to really listen, to have empathy, to shut the door on the world when... and turn the telephone off. READ MORE: Prince William following Diana's footsteps with Jake Daniels backing "I do the five points which are: 'Are you cross with me? Are you cross with your father? Are you angry with a friend at school or...' you go through the five points and then you're giving them time to open up to discuss… She added: “Mothering for me is my chief role. “Good mothering means you never forget that you were once a teenager." She then went on to explain that she shares a close bond with her children, describing their relationship akin to "best friends". DON'T MISS Mournful Camilla steps out with Charles for poignant event in Canada [PICTURES] Royal tours of Caribbean to be scrapped in order to avoid ‘protests' [REVEAL] Carole Middleton 'in charge' of George, Charlotte and Louis [INSIGHT] Se praised her daughters for their parenting skills, after becoming a grandmother twice over the last year. She said: "I'm best friends with my children because I watched them be very good mothers. "I love bringing them up the way I brought them up, which is their feet on the ground. "And I've always said, 'If you can't go out with a smile, then don't go out until you can smile. “Because everyone's watching you, and they'll want you to be smiling." Sarah has always been a staunch defender of her ex-husband, and the pair have remained close despite being divorced for over three decades. She showed particular commitment and support for Andrew when a civil suit was brought against him in the US by Virginia Giuffre. In December the Duchess described Andrew as a “great man” during an Italian talk show, adding that she stood by him 100 percent. She also, once again, praised him for his role as a father and grandfather. She told the show Porta a Porta: "I completely stand by Andrew 100 percent. “He is such a kind, great man, he is a brilliant father and now a fantastic grandfather. Even though Andrew and Sarah split over 30 years ago, the couple still live together at Royal Lodge in Windsor when she is in the UK.