Jane McDonald recently joined chef and presenter James Martin on his weekend chat show. Sitting down to catch up with her friend and fellow broadcaster on ITV's James Martin's Saturday Morning, Jane revealed that she took a chance on a life and career at sea as she has "never looked back." She did admit that it could have ended up completely different. Jane, 59 has travelled the globe as a singer and much to fans' delight, she has been able to take them with her across her numerous TV shows. Talking about how she is a performer and grafter first and does "TV on the side," James, 49, dived deeper into the Yorkshire star's career. He said: "For those people who don't know, what got you spotted in the first place?" Jane's reply of "It was being on the cruise ship" wasn't enough of an answer with the show's host probing: "Well, what got on you on the cruise ship? Because it was quite an interesting story getting you on the cruise ship, wasn't it?" Read More: 'Want to go and punch their lights out' Jane McDonald fumes as filming interrupted At present, Jane has 10 Cruising titles on Channel 5 as well as many other TV and radio appearances over the years. She added: "Well, my friend came and said, 'You know, you should [Cruise].'" "I was bored," she admitted. "I was doing the club circuit for so long, and it became like everything else, and I just thought, 'I wanna do something different.'"   A nudge from a friend laid the groundwork for her successful TV career. Jane continued: "Then my mate Vicky came and said, 'I am doing some cruising, why don't you come on that?' "I went straight away. Three weeks and then I was on, and I've never looked back." The start of Jane's TV career began with the BBC show The Cruise, which premiered in 2018. DON’T MISS…Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly pays tribute to former co-star as she lands 1932 role [LATEST]Where are the original cast of Midsomer Murders now? [LATEST]'You've outed me' Alison Hammond shuts down Dermot O'Leary as he shares romance status [LATEST] Made up of 12 episodes, the programme followed a group of staff on board the luxury cruise ship Galaxy as it sailed the Caribbean on its maiden voyage. If almost fate, she commented: "It just so happened that the BBC were on that at the same time I was doing my show. James stated that "Timing is everything" to which Jane replied: "But aye, it could have all gone horribly wrong!" Most recently, Jane appeared in Channel 5's Holidaying with Jane McDonald: The Caribbean, where the singing sensation travelled to Barbados, St Lucia, Grenada and Antigua in a four-part mini-series.  