Liverpool could have some key players back for the final day of the Premier League season on Sunday. The Reds are hoping Aston Villa do them a huge favour by taking points off Manchester City to give them a chance of winning their second title in three seasons. Victory over Wolves is a necessity for Jurgen Klopp's men. A much-changed Reds side beat Southampton 2-1 on Tuesday to keep their quadruple hopes alive. Fabinho, Mohamed Salah and Virgil van Dijk all missed the match at St Mary's. Fabinho also sat out of the FA Cup win over Chelsea last Saturday. The Brazilian is "progressing well" according to Klopp, who has not ruled him out of Sunday's match. That is despite some doubts over whether he will be available for the Champions League final against Real Madrid the following weekend. READ MORE: Man Utd's Pogba 'agreed terms' with Man City before U-turn due to 'unbearable' fear  News on Salah and Van Dijk is more positive. Klopp has said the aim for the important duo is to feature at Anfield this weekend. Ahead of the Southampton win, he said: "They are both okay, so the target for both would be they could be involved again at the weekend." Meanwhile, Joe Gomez limped off against Southampton with an ankle problem. At the time, Klopp was hoping for good news for the defender. He said: “I hope we are lucky. Joe himself has pain but not too much. “He got, one time, a real shock to the system, but he is sitting in the dressing room and when I spoke to him he was in a good mood. I think maybe we were probably lucky but we have to figure that out.” DON'T MISSMan Utd star Dean Henderson 'on the verge' of completing Newcastle transfer [GOSSIP]Celtic can't resist trolling Rangers after Frankfurt Europa League glory [SOCIAL]Liverpool legend Steve Nicol slams Jurgen Klopp and declares 'you're not a special case' [QUOTES]  And it has since been reported that Gomez's scan has revealed no serious damage to his ankle. However, there is no timescale set for his return. Liverpool have an injury-free squad apart from the quartet mentioned above. The likes of Trent Alexander-Arnold and Sadio Mane are set to return to the squad on Sunday after being rested completely in midweek. Thiago Alcantara, Luis Diaz and Andy Robertson are also in contention after being unused substitutes on the south coast. Meanwhile, Wolves will continue to be without Maximilian Kilman and Nelson Semedo for the trip to Merseyside, while Romain Saiss could also remain sidelined after missing the last two matches.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here