In a chilling monologue, Margarita Simonyan, editor-in-chief of Russia’s most popular TV network RT, said Russians should “get used to this new life” of Western “alienation and confrontation”. She said citizens should be “rejoicing” at the prospect of a segregated existence from the West because it is “racing straight to hell”, before adding she “can’t stand the whining” about the war in Ukraine.    “They all believe that we will lose and the West will win. They don’t understand that it’s impossible. “It’s simply impossible. It will never happen. Either we win, or this will end badly for humanity, there is no other way. “When people ask how long this will go on, in terms of our alienation, confrontation with the West, I only see one version of events. “People, this is forever. Get used to this new life. I can’t stand the whining of ‘feeling bad for the children’.    “Why are you feeling sorry for the children? Some feel bad that their children cannot study in the West anymore. “They feel bad that the brave new world will no longer be open to them, that everything will be closed to them. “I tell them, ‘People, you should be rejoicing’. The brave new world is racing straight to hell. “In 10 years, you’ll say ‘Thank you very much. Thank you that my child never studied in the West’ because your child will remain a normal person. “No matter what happens and how we behave, our confrontation with them is for the rest of our lives.” READ MORE: Kissinger calls on Zelensky to show 'wisdom' and negotiate with Putin [REVEAL]  A Russian official has echoed the ominous warnings from Ms Simonyan that Russia’s offensive against Ukraine and perhaps the West is “for the rest of our lives”. Russian Security Council Secretary Nikolai Patrushev said on Tuesday that Russia will achieve its objectives in Ukraine and is not "chasing deadlines". Speaking with the Russian Argumenty i Fakty newspaper, the secretary said that victory must be the end goal for Russian and “it cannot be otherwise”. He said: "All the goals set by the President will be fulfilled. It cannot be otherwise, because truth, including historical truth, is on our side. We are not chasing deadlines.” DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Lavrov extends hand of friendship to Xi [LIVE]EU lays pressure on Putin as bloc to agree on Russian oil embargo  [REPORT]US still 'a ways away' from sending American troops to Ukraine [INSIGHT]   Russia's defence ministry said on Tuesday that its forces struck an arms depot in the eastern Ukrainian region of Donbas used to store shells for US-produced M777 howitzers, a type of artillery weapon. The offensive in the Donbas region has been ferocious since Russia’s withdrawal from Kyiv, with one Ukrainian official calling it “scorched-earth” tactics. Yesterday, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said Ukraine had suffered its worst military losses from a single attack during the war, saying 87 people died last week when Russian forces struck a barracks in the north. And in Sievierodonetsk, the Luhansk governor Serhiy Gaidai said that four people had been killed in a residential building struck by shells.   