Reports in Italy claim Inter Milan winger Ivan Perisic has an 'agreement practically already formalised' with Chelsea over a surprise move to Stamford Bridge this summer. The Croatian international, who netted against England in the 2018 World Cup semi-final in Russia, could be on the move this summer when his contract runs out at the San Siro.  However, the prospect of signing a new deal with the Nerazzurri has not yet been ruled out as speculation over his future continues to intensify. Perisic detailed his frustration over the uncertain nature of his situation after turning in a man-of-the-match display in the Coppa Italia final against Juventus in midweek, after scoring twice in a 4-2 victory. But now Sport Mediaset reporter Sandro Sabatini has claimed an agreement is practically there with Chelsea. The broadcaster said via SempreInter: "There is an indiscretion in the last few hours: Perisic would have an agreement practically already formalised with Chelsea. READ MORE: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel 'targets RB Leipzig double transfer raid' threatened by Man Utd "Consequently, the possibility of increasing the contract offer, which currently is €4.5 million euros, would disappear for Inter, for two years. "Perisic has already reached an agreement with Chelsea: there are no medical examinations and the last formalities to ratify the agreement, but if the Croatian does not go to Chelsea we could talk about a sensational twist." Perisic was quizzed on his future after his brace in Turin, he replied: “At the moment I can’t talk about it.” Before later adding: "I don’t know anything yet. With important players, you don’t wait to the last minute. You ought to know that too." DON'T MISSMan Utd rocked with Newcastle to celebrate Prem survival with '£60m Darwin Nunez bid'Solskjaer 'ready to return and has received Premier League approaches' since Man Utd axeMauricio Pochettino 'offered' surprise PSG exit route after demoralising Man Utd rejection Inter CEO Beppe Marotta made it clear the club would like to keep Perisic, providing he wants to stay. “We’re not at match point, certainly,” he said. “If he has a desire to stay with us, we’re happy to satisfy him. I’m very confident in that sense.” Perisic has been a target for Manchester United in the past under Jose Mourinho, while Tottenham have also been monitoring his contract situation. Antonio Conte worked with Perisic during their time together at Inter, where they won the Scudetto last season. New Chelsea owner Todd Boehly is expected to back Thomas Tuchel heavily in the transfer market at the end of the season. The Blues will need to be busy to replace several of their departing stars, including Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen. Marcos Alonso and Cesar Azpilicueta could yet depart for Barcelona as Chelsea continue to draw up their list of summer targets. Tuchel had been reluctant to discuss transfers while the board worked their way through a long list of bidders but now Chelsea are expected to receive the green light to sign players when the window opens on Friday, June 10.