Although you appreciate the company of family and friends it will be those who are quiet and undemanding you will prefer to be with most. As well as having personal business to attend to, you would prefer to get on with this without any interference. It means a lot to you to contribute to a worthwhile cause but you may not have realised how much you have actually put into this through time, effort and expense. This will not be regretted but it is having consequences on your own financial situation which makes you realise you cannot continue as you have been doing. Electrical or plumbing problems need to be immediately addressed. These will call for a lot of extra expenditure. Because this is unexpected, it will cause annoyance and frustration. Just as you were getting on top of things, financially, this had to happen. Still, you can make sensible decisions to stay in control of your money situation.  You love putting your mind and imagination to work and you’re never too old to stop learning. Start looking into ways you can challenge yourself, intellectually. Enrolling on an advanced course of study and adding to your qualifications will raise your profile. You might make use of your specialised knowledge to become a successful consultant. Someone close lacks their usual sparkle and you’re concerned about their health. They may refuse to discuss what’s on their mind but it’s important they know you are there for them should they need any help or support. Your own thoughts are on the more serious aspects of life. There is still work to be done but seeds have been planted and you will soon reap the rewards of your past hard-working efforts. There may be a need to take a slight change in course. Carefully consider the best direction to take and make that a priority.  A property transaction, inheritance or insurance matter seems to be dragging on much longer than you originally anticipated. Something you were feeling positive and optimistic about has turned into a complicated and long-winded transaction. Some patience will be needed. Have faith that this will soon be over. You’re digging deep to find your internal compass as you seriously consider your past, the future, areas of your life that may have gone wrong and others you would like to improve. Have faith in yourself and let this be your guide as you move forward to your true goals. It really doesn’t matter what anyone else might say you know exactly what you are going to do and how you intend to handle a contentious situation. You have the confidence and positivity needed to cope with a friend who seems determined to dampen your enthusiasm.  Someone you trusted to get on with an important task has made no effort to carry out this responsibility. You are disappointed in them and annoyed with yourself for having put too much trust in them. As well as having to carry out this work yourself, you know now not to trust them in the future. Getting involved in a cause that is close to your heart will be rewarding. You are determined to keep fighting for what you believe in. A big supporter of this project will champion your efforts. Press for more details in matters that as yet have remained unclear. This is a good time to think of the future and to consider what is needed to make a special career hope or dream come true. This may mean making use of a skill which you have so far never put to use. A small dispute over finances can be resolved when there is time yet to make up for this mistake. 