Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp appeared to hit out at Tottenham's 'game plan' after the Lilywhites battled their way to a crucial draw at Anfield. A point apiece simultaneously boosted Spurs' hopes of clinching fourth spot and dented the Reds' aspirations to pip Manchester City to the Premier League title. Antonio Conte's Tottenham side put up a stern front at Anfield, edging ahead through Heung-min Son and shutting Liverpool out until the 74th minute. The South Korean's tap-in was extremely well-worked, and leaves him just two goals behind Reds superstar Mohamed Salah in the race for the Golden Boot. Luis Diaz notched an equaliser for Liverpool late on, but Klopp clearly felt as though his side needed three points to maintain a good chance of beating City to the league title. The two teams are now level on points, although the Sky Blues will have the chance to produce a three-point buffer when they host Newcastle United on Sunday. JUST IN: Joey Barton performs Bristol Rovers miracle with 7-0 win to secure League Two promotion After the final whistle, Klopp told BT Sport: "The dressing room is not flying in this moment. But come on, something like this can always happen. There are other games to play, we just have to keep going. "I wish we could have won this game, but with all the praise for Tottenham – they sit back. They drew against us, got results against Man City and Chelsea. The game plan works for these games but they are still fifth. Time wasting, these kind of things, it makes it easier for them. We wanted three points, that’s not so cool." DON'T MISS...Man City plot 'explosive' Pogba bid as Man Utd midfield considers switchTottenham make Graham Potter 'top target' from three-man shortlist if Conte quitsMan City boss Guardiola shares theory behind meltdown vs Real Madrid Klopp's not-so-subtle digs could have been even more overt if Spurs had nicked it at the death. Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg had a sensational chance to do just that, but tried to direct his point-blank header back across goal rather than aiming for the bottom corner himself. It remains to be seen whether City can mount a response to a rare incident of dropped Liverpool points. They will go into Sunday's clash off the back of a crushing Champions League semi-final defeat against Real Madrid, which left Pep Guardiola and his players shellshocked having blown a two-goal lead with mere minutes on the clock. Newcastle, meanwhile, are in impressive form under Eddie Howe.  While performances do not necessarily win trophies, Klopp chose to see the bright side in what he was shown by his side against Spurs. "I’m really happy with the performance and proud of the mentality we showed against an incredibly good opponent with a game plan," he said. "We had to win and they sat back to do counter-attacks. The counter-press was absolutely outstanding. Not the result we wanted, but the performance we wanted and from that point of view I’m fine." 