On a ship as big as Wonder it could be easy to get lost. With 18 decks compromising eight unique neighbourhoods, it’s a mammoth cruise ship. However, Royal Caribbean’s handy Cruise Compass app kept me on track. The app also offers a running schedule of the ship’s extensive activity offering and a list of all the open restaurants and bars. As soon as I’d checked into my stateroom, I joined the Sail Away party on the pool deck. To the sound of the Royal Caribbean DJs we set sail from Barcelona and I enjoyed a signature Lime and Coconut cocktail from one of the poolside bars. Wonder’s pool area has a fantastic mix of hot tubs, bars, slides and even a crazy golf course to keep the whole family entertained. READ MORE: Spain tourist warning as Costa del Sol heatwave expected The next day, after a morning stroll through Central Park, the ship’s cosmopolitan park area, I had to try out one of Wonder’s most exciting features. Ultimate Abyss is the tallest slide at sea and the quickest way to travel the 10 decks from 16 to six. Although the see-through glass steps on the way up to the launching area were a little anxiety-inducing, the ocean views were spectacular. I also had a go on the ship’s zipwire and watched some braver guests attempt the FlowRider surf simulator. On every one of Wonder’s decks, there’s something new to try whether it's a game of inflatable laser tag, a carousel, or a floating bar. If that’s not enough, there’s also a casino, karaoke bar, running track and spin studio onboard. I even stumbled across a wacky parade on the ship’s boardwalk. After a busy morning hitting the slides and the zip wire, I headed to the spa for a relaxing shoulder massage. Guests can also get beauty and hair treatments onboard or even try out a specialist IV vitamin drip. I sadly didn’t have a chance to try all the restaurants onboard but I did get to sample Royal Caribbean's exciting new Southern themed restaurant, the Mason Jar. I particularly enjoyed the shrimp and grits, Po’Boy sandwiches and cornmeal flatbreads. There’s even a cocktail with a bacon garnish! Guests on a standard food package still have a huge range of choice with an extensive buffet offering at the Windjammer restaurant, a gourmet range of classic dishes in the Main Dining Rooms and plenty of fast food options. I also enjoyed a cocktail from one of the ship’s state of the art robots at the Bionic Bar. The service was a little cold but the drink was great! In the two days I was onboard, there were three shows to check out including an ice extravaganza. For me, the best of these was the Intense Aqua show, a show stopping display of diving, acrobatics and synchro in a 10ft deep pool. Itsuki, a world champion slackliner from Japan, was a highlight of the evening as he performed daring feats high above the amphitheatre style seating. After the show, I grabbed a slice of pizza at Sorrento’s, Wonder’s tempting late night pizza bar, which stays open until 3am. During my trip, I stayed in a balcony stateroom overlooking the ocean. I’d definitely recommend a balcony room as I really loved waking up to ocean views each morning. However, budget-conscious travellers could opt for an interior cabin as the ship’s huge array of activities means guests are unlikely to spend a lot of time in their room. While the interior facing balcony rooms are equally spacious, the regular whizz of the ship’s zipline might get a little exhausting after a while. Wonder really stands out for its amazing activity offering but for me the real USP of the Royal Caribbean experience is the incredible crew team. On my trip, every single crew member went above and beyond to enhance the guests’ experience. From creating incredible towel animals for my cabin every afternoon to directing me to the ship’s unlimited ice-cream, the crew really gave my trip the extra wow factor. A seven night Mediterranean cruise visiting Italy, Spain and France on Wonder of the Seas starts from £669 in June for an interior room and £829 for a balcony room. 