Manchester United could replicate their 2014 swoop for Juan Mata by reuniting Erik ten Hag with Chelsea winger Hakim Ziyech this summer. Ten Hag inherits a first-team squad malnourished of a left-footed winger, and the door could've opened for him to fill the void with a familiar face. Chelsea have grown open to offloading Ziyech in the summer transfer if a suitable offer arrives, reports Fabrizio Romano. The Blues will lose Andreas Christensen and Antonio Rudiger on free transfers, while the 29-year-old joins the likes of Cesar Azpilicueta, Marcos Alonso and Jorginho with uncertain futures. Ziyech hasn't been a prominent figure at Chelsea under both Frank Lampard and Thomas Tuchel across his first two seasons. He made just 14 Premier League starts this term and has notched 83 appearances in total, registering 14 goals and 10 assists. Ten Hag has pinpointed a centre-back, two central midfielders and a striker as priority areas to bolster in his first transfer window as United boss. But Mason Greenwood's sudden long-term absence has left the Red Devils without a left-footed player comfortable playing on the right-wing. JUST IN: Liverpool's four alternatives if Tchouameni snubs Reds for Real Madrid Ziyech was at Ajax when Ten Hag arrived as boss in December 2017 and thrived under the Dutchman, despite only playing one full season under his leadership due to the COVID-19 pandemic cancelling the 2019-20 campaign. In his full season, he was a key member of the exciting team that lifted the Dutch Eredivisie and KNBV Cup double and reached the Champions League semi-finals. The Moroccan accumulated 35 goals and 53 assists in 100 appearances under Ten Hag and would potentially be interested in linking up again in England. READ MORE: Grealish leaves Guardiola in stitches as Man City star laps up party With the former Ajax boss kick-started a major rebuild this summer, plenty of supporters might not welcome a 29-year-old as one of his first acquisitions. But like other heavily-linked players, Jurrien Timber and Frenkie de Jong, Ziyech would understand his style and help him make a positive start to his reign. Ziyech doesn't boast an electric amount of pace, but Ten Hag could use him as a wide playmaker while the left-winger in his preferred 4-2-3-1, likely Jadon Sancho, would have the role of beating players and getting to the byline. It's, of course, a rogue shout, especially with so many areas to address, but United moving for Ziyech would make perfect sense. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.