Stacey Solomon, 32, has taken to Instagram in a teary post which updated fans on the progress of Stacey’s garden pool at Pickle Cottage. The star explained the pool was unfortunately not ready in time for her son Leighton’s 10th birthday. The post was shared in full view of Stacey’s 5.1 million followers. An unnamed user messaged her asking  about the pool. They said: “How’s the pool coming along??? Is it ready in time for Leighton’s birthday? xxx” Stacey then replied explaining it should be ready to fill next week. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman praised after rescuing stranded hiker on mountain She said: “Nope (laughing emoji). “There is a delay with the cover and also the tiling took longer (crying emoji.) “So it will be ready to fill next week but only if the safety cover arrives because I just won’t fill it before then. “But Leighton is so excited and we just said we will have his party next week or the week after.” The Tap to Tidy star said last year that she was suffering a "nightmare" trying to get the pool done before she welcomed baby Rose. At the time, however, it was ultimately left unfinished. In a story from two weeks ago, the star provided an update as she admitted she's embarrassed to show her swimming pool. Stacey wrote: "So many of you asking to see the tiles. DON'T MISS...Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker steal Met Gala spotlight [PICS]Brooklyn Beckham shirtless as Nicola Peltz dares to bare at Met Gala [LATEST]Anne Hegerty reacts to Mark Labbett's The Chase replacement [INSIGHT] "But I know this is the most unrelatable content ever, so I'm sorry. "I do cringe sharing it. She then said she felt “embarrassed.” Stacey then confirmed that the cottage came with the pool but it just needed some safety updates. The Loose Women panellist explained that the original owners left the pool job in the middle of construction. Stacey is a current panellist on ITV's Loose Women. The former X Factor contestant was also crowned 'Queen of the Jungle' in the 2015 series of I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here!. She is married to Joe Swash and has sons Leighton; nine, and Zachary, 14, from previous relationships, as well as Rex, two, and daughter Rose, six months, with Joe. The three live together in Pickle Cottage, Essex.