This extraordinary episode was a symbol of Britain’s slide into chaos in the 1970s. Battered by strikes, debts, inflation and mismanagement, the nation was known as “the Sick Man of Europe”. As prices and taxes soared, businesses lost confidence and politicians cowered before the bullying unions. Sir William recovered and went on to become Chairman of the Midland Bank. But the country was less fortunate. The decline accelerated, culminating in the Winter of Discontent at the end of the decade, when mass industrial action meant that rubbish piled high in the streets and bodies went unburied. The shadow of that grim time is beginning to loom over today’s society, with the unions flexing their muscles against the backdrop of rising inflation and falling standards of living. This week the members of the RMT union voted overwhelming in support of a nationwide strike over job losses and pension changes. In chilling tones, the RMT boasts it could bring the country “to a standstill” next month, a prospect all the more likely if the stoppage is backed by the train drivers’ union ASLEF and the white collar TSSA, which has warned this summer could see “the biggest strike” on the railways since 1926. If that happens, then Seventies-style food shortages, power cuts, and disruption to supply lines are inevitable. Nor is the growing union militancy confined to the rail network. This week the largest civil service union PCS agreed to ballot its members for strike action over its pay claim. Just as the left-wing RMT has a clear political agenda to renationalise the railways, so the equally hardline PCS wants to inflict serious damage on the Tories. “We beat Boris Johnson by winning a ballot and delivering the strikes that can defeat this Government,” declared Mark Serwotka, the union’s leader. In this climate of worsening discord, there are further threats of walkouts by airport staff, local government employees, oil refinery workers, hospital cleaners and university lecturers. Again, as in the 1970s, this looming strife is accompanied by the spectre of economic meltdown. Inflation has already surged to over nine per cent and could be beyond 11 per cent by the autumn, especially given that the energy price cap is due to reach almost £3,000 then. Price shocks are already causing hardship on an epic scale, reflected in the unprecedented demand for food banks. Some experts argue that current parallels with the 1970s are overblown, claiming the country is now in a far healthier state. Inflation has still a long way to go to reach the crippling 25 per cent of 1975, just as present interest rates are far below the 17 per cent of 1979. Although the national debt is at a record level, there is little danger of Rishi Sunak’s Treasury being forced to ask for a bail-out from the International Monetary Fund, as the humiliated Labour Government had to in 1976. Similarly, taxes are not as confiscatory as they were in the 1970s, when the top rate of personal income tax rose to an incredible 83 per cent. Moreover, despite their menacing rhetoric, the unions are not nearly as powerful as they were half a century ago, when their membership stood at 13 million compared to just over six million today. In 1972, 24 million days were lost to strikes and in 1979 that figure reached 29 million. In 2019 the total had fallen to just 234,000. Nevertheless, there is no room for complacency. The country is in a desperately precarious situation. It will take all the resolve of the political and financial establishment to prevent a descent into the mire of depression and disorder. So far there is little sign of such iron-willed determination. Only last week, the Governor of the Bank of England Andrew Bailey spoke of how he felt “helpless” in the face of “apocalyptic” inflation.The Government, meanwhile, has dithered over economic rescue plans, windfall taxes and trade union reform. Ministers should take inspiration from Margaret Thatcher who bravely conquered the malaise of the 1970s through her tough decisions. Even at the height of her unpopularity, she did not flinch. As a result of her fortitude, Britain was able to embrace prosperity again. The same quality of leadership is needed today.