Some customers have taken to Twitter to check whether the emails they received, supposedly from their bank, were legitimate. NatWest confirmed that these were in fact scam attempts, and warned customers not to provide certain details or click on suspicious links.  Twitter user Neelima queried an email she had received to the NatWest Help Twitter page. The email read: “Dear Valued Customer, “We noticed that a different computer has tried to access your online banking but failed with wrong identity challenge during the process. You now need to verify your online banking identity. “If this is not completed on or before May 03, 2022. We will be forced to suspend your account indefinitely, to avoid being used for fraudulent purpose.     “We will send you a one time passcode by text to ensure it is actually you logging in.” The email then contained a suspicious looking link saying “Click to verify online banking identity.” Neelima asked the NatWest Help page on Twitter: “Hi got this email, is this legit? (I did try accessing online banking but i can't remember if it was unsuccessful) email add is - customerservice@natwestsecure.com” The help account congratulated Neelima for successfully noticing a scam.  They replied: “Hi Neelima, “Great eye for popping up when you see an unusual email! “I can confirm this would be a scam attempt, did you click on the link in the above email at all and provide any details?” Thankfully, Neelima had not used the link or provided any details to the scammers.  On their website, NatWest warns customers against email scams, also known as phishing. They noted some important aspects Britons should check to see if their correspondence has been legitimate. The first of which, that Neelima followed, is to be wary of any emails with attachments or prompts to open links. These links could take customers to fake, but realistic looking, webpages that copy the data they input.  Additionally, they may infect one’s device with malware. They shared some red flags to look for within the email: