Age UK Sheffield shared David’s story, who was brought to them by a social worker after a district nurse had raised concerns about the pensioner. David’s home “was in a terrible state of disrepair” according to the charity, who were able to get him three different benefits, earning him £110 more each week. David’s living conditions were of serious concern to authorities, leaving him unable to even use basic facilities in his own home. In fact, David was still living in the same home he used to live in with his parents. Compounding this issue was his multiple health conditions, all of which had been rapidly deteriorating due to his situation. Age UK Sheffield shared: “With our support, David’s home is much more habitable and he is looking forward to a better life.” READ MORE: Over 60s at risk of missing out on free prescriptions for YEARS amid state pension changes David had multiple health conditions including diabetes, heart failure, COPD and severe odema on both of his legs. This left him not only needing more support, but unable to handle the upkeep of his home and make it accessible for himself. Age UK Sheffield noted that the downstairs of David’s home had severe damp, with black mould covering the entire back wall of the kitchen. David was also using electric radiators as the immersion heater had broken, leaving him with no central heating or hot water. Most of his windows were rotten, leaking and some even had broken glass. The sink drain was also broken so David had to empty his waste water outside. Along with the mechanical issues of the home, David was living “in considerable dirt and dust”, sleeping sitting up on a two-seater sofa in his living room. Physically David could not conquer the stairs where his only toilet was, which had also been broken for two years. Age UK Sheffield discussed what support David needed, such as a new toilet, a grab rail, replacing windows and organising grants to cover the cost of a much-need cooker. The local community also got involved, with University volunteers clearing his garden and helping to declutter the home. Soon, his house was operating like a home again, and David was able to apply for Attendance Allowance, Pension Credit and Council Tax support. All of this topped up his weekly income by £110 and gave him a backdated £1,000. Already his condition is improving, with a new reclining chair he can sleep in reducing the swelling in his legs. Age UK Sheffield noted “there is still a considerable amount of work to do” and continue to support David. He shared that this assistance has “brought me back on my feet and brought me to my senses. “All of a sudden I realised I wasn’t on my own. You don’t believe it and then you find that there are people out there willing to help.”