 Eden has experienced some rough times in her life. Her only child, Matthew Ansara, was killed by a drug overdose in 2001; her boyfriend attempted to take his own life, and she had a miscarriage that affected her marriage. Yet, the star has kept her chin up, and these days she does what she can to keep fit. Her lifestyle is somewhat by the books – she watches her diet, does regular exercise, and embraces family life. The simplicity of her life might surprise people. "I'm very careful about diet," Eden has said. You might think this means she prioritises eating plants and managing carbohydrate intake, after all, many celebrities tout the benefits of a vegan diet. But not Barbara Eden. In fact, she revealed to Closer magazine she has “a carnivore diet”. The star of How to Marry a Millionaire and the sitcom I Dream of Jeannie, said she eats "a lot of pork, chicken, [and] steak”, although she admitted she balances this with eating lots of vegetables. READ MORE: Testosterone deficiency syndrome – feeling dreadfully unhappy might not be depression According to Katherine Zeratsky, an American dietician who writes health guides for the Mayo Clinic, a high-protein diet “generally isn’t harmful” for healthy people – especially if it only lasts a short amount of time. But it should be noted that there may be risks for having a high-protein diet and restricted carbohydrate intake in the long term..Zeratsky explains that the high-protein diets that restrict the intake of carbs may result in “nutritional deficiencies or insufficient fibre” – resulting in bad breath, headache, and constipation. Red meat and full-fat dairy products also increase the risk of heart disease.   This might not be so much of a problem for Eden, however. Although she prioritises her “carnivore diet”, she lives up to the old adage everything in moderation. "We don't stint ourselves on desserts," she explained. Gumdrops and marshmallow circus peanuts are some of her favourite pleasures. "They're a holdover from my childhood,” she said.   Studies have actually shown that indulging in a sweet dessert before a meal of all things can lead to healthier eating overall. A study published in the Journal of Experimental Psychology found that 70 percent of participants that ate cheesecake before dinner went on to eat a healthier main dish: chicken fajitas and a salad side rather than a portion of fish and chips. There isn’t too much risk of her dessert intake becoming too dangerous either. The star told Inside Edition that she has a commitment to “work out three times a week”. This includes doing spin and lifting weights. "It's important to lift weights for your bones," she told People. Lastly, she is also appreciative of her family and friends. She says she hasn’t got “a lot” of friends but the ones she has are close to her. "I think it's important [to surround yourself with people that] keep active and have good senses of humour,” Eden said in the Closer interview.