Bruce Willis, 67, made a rare appearance in a family video, shared by his wife Emma Heming Willis after he was diagnosed with aphasia - a brain disorder - leading to his retirement from acting. The actor's wife uploaded the sweet clip of Bruce playing basketball with friends on the driveway and cheered him on, as she captioned the clip: "I see you BeeDub". Bruce cut a casual figure in cream chinos, a khaki long-sleeved sweater and a blue baseball cap. He was blocked as he dribbled the ball, but managed to take the shot - landing it through the hoop. Despite his health issues, the actor seemed in good spirits as he played. This is one of his first appearances since his family announced his aphasia diagnosis and subsequent retirement, which left Hollywood heartbroken. READ MORE: BBC's Deborah James doesn't know how long she has left His supportive blended family broke the news about his condition in March. Bruce's daughter, Rumer, 33, took to Instagram at the time to share a very personal and heartfelt message about her dad. "To Bruce’s amazing supporters, as a family, we wanted to share that our beloved Bruce has been experiencing some health issues and has recently been diagnosed with aphasia, which is impacting his cognitive abilities," she wrote. "As a result of this and with much consideration, Bruce is stepping away from the career that has meant so much to him." She continued: "This is a really challenging time for our family and we are so appreciative of your continued love, compassion, and support. "We are moving through this as a strong family unit, and wanted to bring his fans in because we know how much he means to you, as you do to him. "As Bruce always says, 'Live it up' and together we plan to do just that." Aphasia is a disorder that is caused by damage to a specific area of the brain that controls language expression and comprehension. Heartbreakingly for Bruce and his family, the condition leaves a person unable to communicate. Emma recently shared her own struggles after Bruce was diagnosed with the brain disorder. DONT MISS:David Baddiel 'hopes Jimmy Carr is still a friend' despite criticism (PHOTOS)Ellie Warner's boyfriend seen wearing headbrace after horror accident (NEWS)Ricky Gervais shares concerns saying 'going to die soon' (LATEST) The 43-year-old model, who shares two daughters Mabel, 10 and Evelyn, eight with Bruce told The Bump: "I struggle with making the time for self-care every day. "I put my family's needs above my own, which I found does not make me any kind of hero. "That amount of care for everyone else within my household had taken a toll on my mental health and overall health, and it served no one in my family." She told the US parenting website that she is trying hard to practice self-care and relies on exercise to ease the stress. It comes as his Moonlighting co-star Cybill Shepherd spoke in a candid interview on Friday about Bruce. The iconic Hollywood star said she had great chemistry with the actor and “will always love him”. Their TV show, Moonlighting, aired from 1985 until 1989. Cybill spoke to Extra and claimed that they were into each other many decades ago. “My temperature went up 10 degrees. That meant two things to me: one, I was very attracted to him, two, I would never act on it, 'cause we were both very attracted to each other.' She added: “I will always love Bruce.”