Bling Empire returned to Netflix with a second outing and the latest episodes introduced fans to some more Asian socialites living in LA. Don Morris lives with his wife Mimi and their son, and they have been together for 20 years. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the business owner and TV star, including his age. Bling Empire introduces viewers to some of LA's richest Asian-Americans as they offer insight into their luxurious lifestyles. Don and Mimi joined the second season as husband and wife, with Mimi saying: "I think most people thought I was pushing Don to marry me but no, I didn't want to marry him. "I was already divorced once so I didn't want to make that mistake one more time but Don really wanted it. "He was asking 'will you marry me' every day. So he finally convinced me to say yes." Don is the founder of Morris Group International, a manufacturing company. READ MORE: Bling Empire’s Chèrie Chan speaks out on exit Don is 73 years old and his wife Mimi is 52, meaning they have an age gap of more than 20 years. The businessman began his career with the Morris Company nearly 53 years ago in 1969. The company was originally opened by his dad in 1945, supplying equipment to Southern California shipyards during the Second World War. Don began his career in sales with Elmco, the founding company of Morris Group International. He later joined the manufacturing side of the business. As for Mimi, the business owner had tried to flee a war-stricken Vietnam with her siblings as a child. When she finally reached the US, she started modelling for different brands and launched her own company. She would have met Don when she was in her early 30s and Don in his 50s. They have a son together, called Skyler, who appears in the second season of Bling Empire. Mimi has two adult children, Huy Tran, 30, and Hannah Oquist, 26, from a previous relationship. DON'T MISS... Bling Empire season 2: Why was Paula Abdul in Netflix's Bling Empire? [INSIGHT] How much is Kelly Mi Li from Bling Empire worth? [EXPLAINER] Bling Empire episode 6 tribute: Who is Cindy Chan? [INSIGHT]  Mimi and Don live in an $8.8 million (£7million) mansion in the Strand at Headlands, a gated community in California. Mimi is on Instagram and she has given some insight into life with her husband. In May 2022 she shared a photo of herself with Don, saying: "Thank you for making me feel special every day! I love you." Don is also on Instagram, but he has only shared one post, a video of his son on Father's Day. On Valentines Day in 2021, she posted about the strength of her relationship with Don. She said: "Our love is like a river, it flows to the Ocean and it becomes infinity." Fans of Bling Empire have branded them the "power couple" of the series and they have become fan favourites. They are hoping Don and his wife make a comeback in a potential third season.  Bling Empire season 2 is on Netflix now.