The latest broadband stats are in and there's one clear winner when it comes to customer service. According to the latest tests from telecoms regulator Ofcom, it appears that BT is leading the way with the broadband company performing top for overall satisfaction amongst its customers. In fact, BT scored a significantly better result for its internet service than any of its rivals, which helped it to secure first place on the broadband leaderboard. If that's tempted you to join, find the best BT broadband deals in our handy guide. While the average score for "Satisfaction With Service Overall" across all UK broadband providers was 83 percent, BT managed to post a rating of 88 percent. That's a solid number of customers who are satisfied with the performance of their broadband. Coming in second place was EE (85%) followed by Sky (84%) and then Plusnet (78%). At the other end of the league table was Vodafone, with a score of 77 percent for overall service. Meanwhile, Virgin Media and TalkTalk both earned a rating of 78 percent from their customers. Along with that high score for service, BT also came out on top for "Satisfaction With Speed Of Service" and "Overall Satisfaction With Complaint Handling". Sky also performed well for complaint handling and its users were also rated as the least likely to make a complaint in the first place. Overall, Virgin Media ranked the worst with the firm getting below-average scores for reasons to complain and the way gripes are handled. READ MORE: Best Virgin Media Broadband Deals Although there are plenty of positives from the latest Ofcom report, it's not all good news with the regulator saying that customers are experiencing "hit-and-miss" levels of customer service from major telecoms provider Overall, customer satisfaction levels remain high but when things do go wrong users are struggling to get through to their provider. In fact, Ofcom says that call-waiting times and complaints-handling are areas of particular concern. The regulator is now calling on providers – in particular, those lagging behind their closest competitors – to prioritise customer service improvements and deliver what customers expect and deserve. Speaking about the latest stats, Ian Macrae, Ofcom’s Director of Market Intelligence, said: “When things go wrong with your phone or broadband service, it’s incredibly frustrating if you have to wait on hold for ages to get it sorted, or if your complaint is handled badly. As we emerge from the pandemic, some companies need to up their game when it comes to resolving problems, especially at a time when prices are going up. It’s never been simpler to switch, so if you’re not happy with the service you’re getting, vote with your feet and look elsewhere.” If you're unhappy with your current provider and want to switch to a rival company, we've rounded up all of the latest discounts and offers available to new customers in our comprehensive best broadband deals guide. Which internet provider are you using at the moment – and do you agree with the latest results? Is BT broadband really the best in your experience? Leave your comments below, we'd love to hear your thoughts...