Did Kate Middleton's pearly gems have a royal history? Did they once belong to the Queen or Princess Diana, or do they have a more contemporary background? Gemologist Alexandra Michell of Prestige Pawnbrokers explained all to Express.co.uk. The Duchess of Cambridge is known for her love of brands with a cause. Kate often coordinates her more casual or modest outfits with pieces from modern British fine jewellers, championing homegrown and commendable companies. Recently, she was seen wearing a minimalist pair of hooped drop pearl earrings and a similar looking pendant. Kate has on this occasion mixed her jewellery, wearing several British designers together. The hoops themselves are by Kiki McDonough. These are 18ct gold set with small diamonds and can fit detachable charms, which Kate has done in the past with different drops. READ MORE: Kate Middleton in £75k of 'beautiful' and rarely-seen jewellery linked to Diana Unsurprisingly, Kate owns a multitude of earrings and necklaces to mix and match from Kiki McDonough, with an RRP £600. The drops, which have been worn on many official and unofficial occasions by the Duchess are by designer Annoushka. These freshwater cultured baroque pearls and 18ct yellow gold drops are made using recycled gold that can been added to interchangeable hoops, RRP £395. Although Annoushka carry a matching pendant to the earrings, this particular necklace is by a regular designer worn by Kate; Monica Vinader. DON'T MISSKate Middleton's sapphire earrings have link to Queen Mother [ROYAL] Kate's sapphire gems 'NOT likely to have belonged to Diana' [SHOCK] 'She never looks dated': How Kate Middleton always looks great at 40 [EXPERT] The “Nura Pearl pendant” is a cultured freshwater pearl on an adjustable chain. Both are in 18ct yellow gold vermeille; the brand also uses recycled gold to plate their sterling silver pieces, RRP £125. Both Annoushka and Monica Vinader are working to meet sustainable and responsible production goals, they have been awarded the “Positive Luxury” mark for ethical and environmental impact, and are approved by the Responsible Jewellery Council. Likewise, Kiki McDonough works in partnership with Treepoints, an initiative that pledges to plant a tree with every purchase made. There is a nice reliability with the pieces chosen by Kate. They are made of quality materials, high standards of manufacture, sustainability and ethics,and jewellery that looks stunning without breaking the bank. The Duchess nurtures these designers while also showing how easy it is to buy and wear well-made jewellery from brands that are also conscientious. These pieces are modern additions to the Royal jewellery coffers, and have been acquired over the last decade, meaning that, although these are not heirlooms as some of Diana’s pieces are, but they will certainly become part of Princess Charlotte’s treasure box. If you too are in need of some stylish pearl jewellery to rival Kate’s, then take a look at these.