Pep Guardiola reportedly has a 'secret' Twitter account that he uses to monitor what is said about Manchester City. The Spaniard has led City to the verge of their fourth Premier League title in five years this season, with his side three points ahead of closest challengers Liverpool. They made a huge step towards securing this year's title by hammering Newcastle 5-0 on Sunday. But after the game Guardiola launched a pointed attack at "everyone" for supporting Liverpool over his City side. The Spaniard has a reputation for shunning any media reports about himself or his side. Though this stance appears to be softening as Liverpool continue to mount a serious challenge to City's dominance in England. A couple of weeks ago, he admitted to reading an article about City's rivalry with the Reds. And The Athletic report that Guardiola also has a 'clandestine' Twitter account that he uses to 'keep an eye' on what's being said about his team. READ MORE: Man City boss Pep Guardiola mocks Liverpool - 'One title in 30 years' The news of his account comes after his bizarre jibe about the level of the support for Liverpool outside of the Etihad. Guardiola made it clear that he believes the Reds are favoured by "everyone" from the media to fans are hoping Jurgen Klopp's side can overhaul his team. "Everyone in this country supports Liverpool, the media and everyone. Because Liverpool have an incredible history in European competitions. Not in Premier Leagues, because they have won one in 30 years," he told beIN Sports. DON'T MISS: Five things we learned as Man City bounce back with Newcastle win (ANALYSIS)Man City must keep faith and trust in Pep Guardiola to banish curse (INSIGHT)Guardiola admits threatening to quit Man City during owners meeting (NEWS) "But I don't care. People want Liverpool to win more than us. They have more supporters around the world and in England more support Liverpool than us. Liverpool are alongside [Manchester] United as the most important team in terms of titles, legacy, history, dramas for many, many things. "But we have since the last 11 or 12 years been there. I know sometimes we are uncomfortable, but I don't care if the people want Liverpool to win more than us. It is not an issue."