Strong chemicals and thick bleach products might be your first point of call, there are plenty of natural remedies you can use to fix a blocked drain. Unblocking your sink doesn’t have to cost a fortune and in most cases, you can do it yourself to avoid unnecessary call-out costs. Here are five fool-proof ways to rid that unpleasant smell and restore your sink. Chetan Mankar, Operations Director of leading home emergency insurance company Smart Cover, said: “Clogged drains are one of life’s little annoyances, but sometimes the issue can be so serious that it costs hundreds of pounds to repair. “They’re often caused by a build-up of food, grease and hair that has collected over time, making it harder for water to pass through. “Grease in particular can be a nightmare to get rid of, but thankfully there are a few tricks to getting things moving again. “It can be as simple as pouring hot water down the drain, a mix of baking soda and vinegar, or with a bit of elbow grease and a plunger. “Sometimes, clogs can be so serious that a plumber has to visit to carry out repairs, but often they can be fixed with a few simple steps.” READ MORE: Cleaning: How to unblock drains using hair removal cream The methods below should prevent the drains in your home from developing any nasty residue that can congeal and form an unpleasant smell. When combating a blocked drain, sometimes all you need to do is boil the kettle then pour some boiling hot water down the drain. Chetan said: “Using hot water to clear a sink blockage is one of the easiest and least expensive solutions. “Bring a kettle to the boil then pour the hot water into the sink and allow it to stand for a couple of minutes. “If the water stands there without draining, the blockage is still in place. DON'T MISS: Energy bills: How to ‘save money’ ironing your clothes [EXPERT]Patio weeds: How to kill patio weeds using 29p method - ‘fast-acting’ [TIPS]Oven cleaning: How to clean oven door glass under 5 minutes - ‘cheap’ [COMMENT] “Repeat the process several times to move the clog. This strategy works in cleaning many other types of blockages.” This should force any remaining grease to congeal and hopefully clear the blockage and the smell. Plungers are also very useful to unblock drains, whether they be in the kitchen or bathroom. This one may seem obvious but it is an effective quick-fix to get your sink back in action. The expert suggested going for a “flat-bottomed plunger” for the job rather than a toilet plunger. Chetan detailed how to use a plunger to unclog drains. He said: “Keep filling the sink with hot water until it is half full and it creates a seal around the drain. “Keep the plunger over the sink drain and continue to pump up and down rapidly and repeatedly. “Take off the plunger and see if the water drains or not.” Keep repeating the process until the water drains completely and freely. Using baking soda and white vinegar to clear a clogged kitchen sink is a natural alternative to chemical drain cleaners, according to the expert. Plus baking soda and vinegar are everyday household items. First, remove the excess water standing in the sink with a small mug, then put one cup of baking soda powder inside the drain using a spoon. Push down the powder into the pipe if needed. Next, pour a cup of white vinegar into the drain opening. Keep a stopper or a lid on the drain opening to cover it and let the mixture sit for fifteen minutes. After fifteen minutes, remove the lid and let hot water run through the drain.