Duncan Wood, star of ITV News' Calendar, has decided to quit the programme after almost 20 years following an incredible three decades as a broadcaster. Mark Charnock, who has been on Emmerdale since 1996, said he was "sad to hear this" in an emotional message about his ITV colleague. Duncan took to Twitter to announce his decision to leave the ITV programme he has been part of for many "incredible" years. He penned: “It’s a wrap! Tough decision but one I’ve thought long and hard about. "Thank you, ITV for 32 rollercoaster years of live telly and to the amazing team ITV Calendar I shall miss you greatly!” Mark was one of the first people to comment on the veteran broadcaster's post. READ MORE: BBC star in bias row after false claim over death of cleaner Mark said: “Oh Duncan!!! You’re a legend. I’m sad to hear this, but I’m very glad to have known you all these years and I’ll miss bumping into you around the building. “You’ve always been so kind and supportive as well as being outstanding at your job." He ended his sweet message with: "Good luck in everything, fella x.” (sic) Duncan replied to Mark's kind words, writing: “Thanks so much Mark, it’s great to have worked alongside you and the Emmerdale gang, the best in the business. Hopefully, catch up soon x.” (sic) Many of Duncan's co-stars also sent well-wishes to him on his social media pages. ITV News presenter Nick Smith wrote: “Sorry to see you go fella, and I know those across Yorkshire, Lincs and beyond will miss you dearly." Good Morning Britain star Laura Tobin penned: "Noooo. Good luck xx" (sic) BBC correspondent Paul Murphy added: "All the best Duncan, I’m sure the YTV team and viewers will miss you a great deal. Good luck with whatever the next chapter is!" DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Mark Charnock issues warning to fans on Facebook [LATEST]Emmerdale theory: Marlon faces decision after heartbreaking setback [UPDATE]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock 'shocked' over 'sheer weight' of stroke plot [INSIGHT] Duncan became synonymous with Calendar as one-half of the longest-running presenting partnerships in ITV News, alongside former host Christine Talbot. He began his career as a local newspaper reporter in Sunderland before moving on to write for several national publications. Duncan switched to broadcasting at Metro FM in Newcastle before he got his first television role as the sports presenter at ITV Tyne Tees. He joined GMTV after spending seven years as the North of England correspondent. He joined ITV Calendar in 2003 at Television Centre in Leeds alongside Christine. During his time there he covered some of the biggest stories of the past 20 years. Duncan said in a statement to ITV: "It's been an incredible honour and privilege to be allowed into the front rooms of millions of homes across the region for almost two decades, building up a relationship with ITV Calendar's wonderful viewers, and telling their amazing stories. "I've been fortunate to make many lifelong friends through the programme and to have worked with some exceptionally talented people both on and off the screen. "But after a lot of thought, I've decided the time is right for me to start the next chapter of my life and see what's around the next corner." ITV News' Calendar airs on weekdays at 1.55pm, 6pm and 10.30pm.