Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, have two children - Archie Harrison and Lilibet Diana Mountbatten-Windsor. As Archie and Lilibet are the Queen's great-grandchildren, they do not hold any royal titles. But Archie will likely inherit his father's Duke of Sussex title one day, while Lilibet is unlikely to get any title, according to a royal historian.  As the son of a Duke, Archie was eligible to hold one of Harry's subsidiary titles and be styled as the Earl of Dumbarton when he was born in 2019. Lilibet is also eligible to be styled as Lady Lilibet as the daughter of a Duke, but Harry and Meghan's children are without any royal titles presently. But Archie will likely be the next Duke of Sussex when Prince Harry dies, as he is his father's only son and elder child. But Archie could also choose not to use the title. Royal historian Marlene Koenig told Express.co.uk: "When Harry dies, Archie succeeds as the Duke of Sussex.  READ MORE: Meghan 'stole the soundbite' off Kate in rare Fab 4 outing "That is automatic because the peerage was created for Harry and his male heirs. But by the time this happens Archie, who should be styled as Earl of Dumbarton, will be well-established as an American. "There’s nothing preventing him from inheriting a peerage. But that does not mean he would use the title. The Earl of Wharncliffe lives in Maine but he does use the peerage in everyday life." If Archie decides not to take on his father's Dukedom, there is a process which allows people to relinquish their titles. Ms Koenig said: "Archie also would have the option to renounce the peerage for life according to the 1963 Peerage Act.   "He would have to do it within a year of succeeding. But it’s only for life not for his male heirs. In fact, his son could still use the courtesy." As for Meghan and Harry's daughter Lilibet, a royal title is unlikely in the future as the Sussex title will go to her elder brother. As the grandchildren of the monarch when Prince Charles becomes King, Archie and Lili would be eligible for Prince or Princess titles under the 1917 Letters Patent issued by King George V. But as two of the Queen's grandchildren, Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn, are without Prince or Princess titles, the historian added it is "very unlikely" that Archie and Lili would get Prince or Princess titles in the future.  DON'T MISS:Why Prince Charles couldn't marry Camilla in the first place [INSIGHT]Where is Adelaide Cottage? Cambridges bid to move close to the Queen [MAP]Spanish royal family: How King Felipe is related to 'Aunt Lilibet' [EXPLAINER]