BBC Breakfast presenters Dan Walker and Sally Nugent were joined by BBC Security Correspondent Frank Gardner who gave insight into this year's Victory Day. May 9 is Victory Day in Russia which marks a holiday that commemorates the victory over Nazi Germany in 1945. With the ongoing war with Ukraine, fans of the show were quick to chime in about the 'disgusting' coverage. Frank opened his segment describing what Victory Day was as several video clips of marching parades accompanied his introduction. He said: "Today is Victory Day in Russia. Right across Russia, 65,000 people are taking part in 28 parades in 28 cities with 400 aircraft, 2000 plus vehicles etc. "The significance of this is of course, far greater this year as Russia is at war in Ukraine." Many were quick to question why the BBC were airing such clips. Read More: Lorraine staggered by Andrew's 'fat cow' comment to ex Sarah Ferguson 'Can't believe it' Angered viewer Julie Mitch tweeted: "Am disgusted at the coverage of Red Square while Russian troops are killing and maiming innocent people. "I, for one, don't want to see such celebrations." Arun Keightley asked: "Considering what is going on in Ukraine at the moment, why does the BBC think that we want to see Russia parading its military??" @namaste66ahimsa felt very strongly about the clips and hoped that others would unite to complain and added: "Totally nauseating! I hope the BBC receives a mass of complaints over the coverage of this megalomaniac! #DefundTheBBC." "Why are you giving Putin air time ?????????," @PaulaRossi47 commented. Reece Sanford wanted answers and said: "Absolutely disgusting you're giving this air time." Frank noted this was a "spectrum" of how this event could go and multiple ways Putin could spin the celebrations this year. He said: "There is a spectrum, I think, of ways this could go. DON’T MISS…Doctor Who writer details real reason Ncuti Gatwa landed Time Lord role [LATEST]Selling Sunset’s Emma Hernan confirms rekindled romance with Christine ex 'Double-dipped' [LATEST]Anne Hegerty replacement speaks out on 'terrifying' Beat the Chasers stint  [LATEST]   "At the lower end of the spectrum, we can expect Vladimir Putin, the President, to announce some kind of victory in South East Ukraine." Describing how, although they have had many pushbacks and experienced mass losses themselves, Russia had claimed some "territory there." "The other end of the spectrum," he continued. "It's possible he could ramp this up massively and decide that Nato is prolonging this war and, therefore, they are going to announce a general mobilisation.  