Prince William and Zara Tindall are one year apart in age and grew up very closely as cousins. Their respective parents, Prince Charles and Princess Anne were also very close in age growing up. Zara’s husband Mike Tindall, whom she married in 2011, quickly became friendly with both Princes William and Harry.  The rugby star was often photographed with the brothers having fun. Over the weekend, Zara took part in the Houghton International Horse Trials. The Duke of Cambridge came to support his cousin and was photographed hugging Mike very tightly while Zara watched on. Body language expert Judi James spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to analyse these photos.  READ MORE: Princess Anne's 'healthy' diet includes unusual breakfast She said: “These poses between William and Mike are a joy to look at. “Mainly because an often rather cautious and thoughtful William is so clearly delighted and relaxed in the company of his cousin and her husband. “Also, because they both clearly adore him and enjoy watching him trade the banter in a way that looks even more fun than it used to when he and Harry were close,” the expert claimed. How happy does William seem to be in his family’s company here?  Judi continued: “William looks more like the excited kid here, pretending to have a go at Mike, pointing one stabbing finger and placing the other hand on his own chest as though pretending to bring up some form of a gripe or recrimination. “He mimics anger in a very humorous way, baring his teeth to suggest an attack, but smiling at the same time. “Mike joins in by pretending to recoil, with both hands up, but there is a real sense here who is the natural alpha in this relationship. “William often looks like a secret fan of the super-confident and fearless ex-rugby star,” the expert noted.  What was Zara’s body language like during this exchange? Judi added: “Zara is clearly enjoying the mock battle too, grinning as she stands watching. “The hug at the end really does seem to put fun to one side and show signs of a strong friendship between the two men. "One that is especially valued by William," Judi said. She commented: “He looks rather in need of the embrace, putting both arms around Mike’s back to signal closeness.  “William even buries his head in Mike’s neck in a way that hints Mike might be a provider of support as well as banter in William’s life.” Prince William is due to have a big role this week during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations, along with Prince Charles. As Mike and Zara are not working royals, they will not be appearing on the Buckingham Palace balcony during Trooping the Colour. However, they will certainly be appearing during other celebrations throughout the bank holiday weekend. 