Naomi Osaka has come under fire from tennis legend Martina Navratilova after claiming Wimbledon will be "more like an exhibition" without ranking points. Osaka, who has never been beyond the third round at SW19, has threatened to boycott the iconic tournament, saying she would lack motivation if unable to boost her place in the current standings. "I would say like the decision is affecting my mentality going into grass," she told reporters. "I'm not 100% sure if I'm going to go there. I'm the type of player that gets motivated by seeing my ranking go up or stuff like that. So I think the intention [to strip points] was really good, but the execution is kind of all over the place.” Last season, the current World No 38 missed Wimbledon was very different reasons. She withdrew from the 2021 French Open after being fined for refusing fo fulfil media duties, and then took a prolonged break from the sport, citing mental health reasons. Her comments have sparked fears that a number of leading players will now not travel to the UK this summer, following the decision of the All England Tennis Club to ban Russian and Belarusian competitors. After warning of potential legal action, the ATP reacted to the measure by then removing ranking points. JUST IN: Andy Murray launches passionate Wimbledon defence as boycott fears loom Appearing on Piers Morgan Uncensored, Navaratilova, herself an 18-time Grand Slam champion, took issue with Osaka's apparent priorities. "It’s kind of nice if you can walk away from a potential £2m pay day," she said. "Most people don’t have the luxury." The Czech-born icon told Morgan that she never thought of ranking points whilst playing a major tournament, adding: “I just don’t understand her mentality. I would like to sit down and tell her about the history of Wimbledon. It would not have even occurred to Osaka not to play if the ranking points hadn’t been taken away.” DON'T MISS:Wimbledon seeking legal action against ATP and WTA as players set to 'leave SW19 ASAP'Emma Raducanu crashes out of French Open with Aliaksandra Sasnovich defeatNovak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal slammed by Ukrainian colleague over Wimbledon points strip  TV presenter Morgan has himself been a long-time critic of the Japanese player, who has four Slam titles to her name. He took to Twitter to label her a "sulky brat" for her comments. Navratilova, 65, had previously been vociferous about the actions of Wimbledon bosses, accusing them of punishing individuals amid not responsible for the Russian invasion of Ukraine. “I understand the banning of teams, of course, of representing the countries, but on an individual level, I just think it’s wrong," she said.