Homes Under The Hammer's Martel Maxwell has heeded her co-star Martin Robert's advice after his hospital dash last month. The BBC presenter, 45, took to social media to tell how she had taken the time to slow down recently after hearing about her co-star's health scare. In view of her 12,000 followers, Martel told how she had taken time out of her day to appreciate the small things. She wrote: "Sometimes you’ve got to stop and smell the flowers (@TVMartinRoberts recently said) and so, I did. "I stopped, looked and learned. "#BylandAbbey dates from the 12th century, inhabited by 100 or so monks until Henry VIII’s reign. READ MORE: Gary Lineker speaks out as Jamie Vardy blasts Wayne Rooney's evidence "It was calming and beautiful @EnglishHeritage," she ended her post. This isn't the first time Martel has addressed Martin's words of advice. Earlier in the month, the TV star replied after Martin shared a health update with his fans. Reposting the clip, Martel wrote: "Aw..wise words Sensei..sending love," complete with heart emojis. In the video, Martin told his fans: "So I've come out for a walk to a waterfall to my favourite place in the world. "It's a waterfall not far from where I live, it's the first time I've really ventured out since I've got home. "It's taken me about three times as long as normal to get here but I just wanted to be out in nature," he added. Martin went on: "You can't help but think I'm really lucky to be able to see this, because I might not have seen this again. DON'T MISS... Lady Victoria Hervey, 45, puts on risqué display in gown at Cannes [INSIGHT]Victoria Beckham shares her heartbreak over family's 'new chapter' [ANALYSIS]Demi Rose stuns in busty display as she channels Princess Leia [UPDATE] "It's a week on now, over a week on, I'm not playing the 'what if' game, but I guess you've got to stop that and just be thankful. "And I am eternally thankful for the care I got from the healthcare staff, the support I got from you and those around me. "You count your lucky stars," he confessed. The star continued: "I call this 'wear sunscreen', because there was a song, it wasn't a song, it was a strange talky thing years ago and it just talks about all the things we worry about in life and it's never that that gets us. "I guess I'm trying to think about slowing down, trying to think about not sweating the small stuff. "I don't want to preach to you at all, but I have a couple of thoughts, one of which is if you have any symptoms like the ones I had which are shortness of breath, tightness in chest, get yourself to A&E ASAP because it could save your life," he added. It comes after Martin told how he had been rushed to hospital with just "hours to live" after fluid started gathering around his heart. After undergoing emergency surgery to save his life, the Homes Under The Hammer star told how he feels "very lucky to be here" following the scare.