Lando Norris has attacked F1’s ‘silly’ track limits rule after missing out on a space in Q3 in yesterday's qualifying session. The McLaren driver had done enough to qualify for the final session but was knocked out moments later after the FIA deleted his best lap for breaking track limits rules. The British star ran slightly wide of the exit of turn 12, running over the green concrete before the gravel trap. However, both wheels were understood to have crossed the solid white line on the exit of the corner which meant he was deemed to have broken the rules. After the session, Norris said the rule was ‘silly’ as he was the only one affected by the penalty. “I thought I did the same as every other lap," he complained. "I didn’t really think it’s a corner you can get done for track limits. The rule is the white line, it’s the rule for everyone. It’s been the same rule all year. I mean, I feel like it’s silly. "I know it’s the rule. The rule is the rule. But I also feel it’s silly when you have gravel which is one cm away that you still have the white line, and you can’t just use one cm more and use the gravel as the limit. READ MORE: Norris with Alonso after F1 icon rips into FIA in pre-Spanish GP rant "I think it’s a silly thing, but it’s the rule, and it’s the same for everyone, and I was the only one who got penalised. So… my fault." Norris has impressed so far this season, lying seventh in the points standings just behind Lewis Hamilton and Carlos Sainz. However, he was involved in an accident in the closing stages of the Miami Grand Prix last time out which ruined his chance of scoring more points. The 22-year-old also admitted he was feeling under the weather this weekend which could have an impact in the Spanish sun. He said: "I've not been great all weekend, to be honest with you. It's not COVID. I'm just suffering with my throat and my eyes and seeing, which doesn't help. DON'T MISSNorris accused of lying about height by Latifi as Vettel also shocked [INSIGHT]Norris and Ricciardo open up on wild hotel party 'I trashed the floor' [COMMENT]Lando Norris jokes about Mercedes amid Hamilton and Russell struggles [ANALYSIS] "I've got many things, my sleep and everything and energy levels is probably the worst I've had in a long time. Definitely not my peak this weekend.” Norris’ team-mate Daniel Ricciardo managed to get the car into Q3 on Saturday and will line up ninth for today’s race. However, McLaren is still getting to grips with a range of new upgrades introduced for this weekend.