On April 1, the energy price cap rose by 56 percent, with millions of Britons now shelling out hundreds more each month in order to cover their energy bills. According to Myles Robinson, an expert from Boiler Central, the cost of gas could continue to rise in the next couple of years. He said: "Energy bills are hitting British consumers harder than ever in the past decade and the upward trend for gas prices is expected to continue until 2024." Though the cost of gas is out of our control, there are some "easy adjustments" Britons can make around the home to help reduce their annual spend. In fact, according to Boiler Central, some of these changes could help households save "over £1,000 a year". READ MORE: ‘Rule to remember’ when using paint for a ‘smoother’ finish  According to Mr Robinson, the type of boiler you have in your home could make all the difference when it comes to your monthly bills. He explained: "There is a reason why old houses with separate, uninsulated tanks for heating water usually mean bad news for your bills. "Every five minutes, your boiler costs you 1p on average. "If you are house-hunting, make sure you understand the heating set up, combi-boilers are generally better, and the energy-efficiency grade of the boiler." Mr Robinson added: "The best medium-term solution to cut down one’s energy bill is to invest in A-rated appliances. "For example, switching from a G-rated boiler to an A-rated one could save families up to £1,160 a year." Though buying a new fridge or freezer is a costly investment, it is one that could help you gain cash back over time. Mr Robinson said: "Fridges and freezers are the second most energy-consuming items in a home. "Since they need to stay plugged in all the time, the best way to cut this cost is to invest in a better-rated fridge or freezer." If a new appliance isn't within reach for you at the moment, there are some additional checks you can do to make sure your fridge or freezer is working efficiently. You should ensure the door is closed at all times. This will make sure heat does not enter the cold space. Residents are also advised to check for breaks in the seal around the door. This seal acts as a barrier between the cool air inside and the warm air outside. Any break in the seal will mean your appliance has to work harder to maintain its temperature. DON'T MISSHow to keep your plants watered while you're on holiday [EXPLAINER]Cleaning fridge: Baking soda hack to freshen fridge & ‘absorb smells' [INSIGHT]How to get tough stains out of your carpet - 'saved my carpets!' [COMMENT] According to Boiler Central's research, dishwashers are the "third most expensive item to run in a household". However, the good news is that they can save on water consumption, especially in households where several loads of dishes are done daily. Mr Robinson said: "Timing your dishwasher for when tariffs are lower and wiser use of dishes can cut one load a day and reflect well on your monthly utilities for both energy and water." If you are a passionate cook, Boiler Central's research shows your oven can be using more than £9.36 per month. Mr Robinson said: "This may not seem like much, but when factoring in all the other appliances, it is worth trying to cut oven usage whenever possible by syncing the cooking better to fit at least two dishes at a time or one after another to save on pre-heating, opting for batch cooking and reheating food in the microwave, which only uses around 44p a month." Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Depending on how much laundry you do, your washing machine could be driving up household bills. Mr Robinson said: "Using lower temperatures is an easy way to drive these costs down. "For lightly soiled clothes, 30 degrees is warm enough to kill most bacteria."