Arsenal have reportedly decided against meeting Juventus' £34million asking price for Arthur Melo, leaving the Gunners to mull over the possibility of a swap deal involving Thomas Partey. Arthur flirted with a move to the Emirates back in January, and with more time and money to play with this time around, Mikel Arteta and Edu may feel confident about getting the deal over the line. The two holding midfielders in Arteta's 4-2-3-1 formation shoulder plenty of responsibility, and the club are not particularly well-stocked in that department. Albert Sambi Lokonga has failed to make the desired impact since coming in last summer, Granit Xhaka has shown improvement while remaining temperamental, Ainsley Maitland-Niles is reportedly set to leave the club and Mohamed Elneny may not be the maestro to fire them to the Champions League. Arthur was heavily linked to the Gunners back in January, when Arteta and co missed out on a host of their top targets. Several months down the line and with another underwhelming season in Turin under his belt, Juventus may be more willing to let him go once the summer window swings open. Calciomercato claim that Arthur 'likes' the prospect of a move to the Emirates, but Arsenal do not feel the same way about his £34m price-tag. The Italian side shelled out a whopping fee which could reach £74m for the Brazilian 25-year-old, formerly of Barcelona, just two years ago. JUST IN: Celtic have four Man City wonderkid options as Ange Postecoglou 'considers' double swoop With little sign of the Bianconeri lowering their financial demands, the report adds that a swap deal is being explored which would see Partey head the other way. That would surely ruffle some feathers in the Arsenal camp, given that fans have developed an affinity for the Ghanaian midfielder since he arrived from Atletico Madrid in 2020. It remains to be seen whether Arteta is willing to take the risk of letting a good player go to acquire someone that could potentially be even better. But missing out on Champions League football means that the Gunners boss cannot be too picky this summer as the club's pulling power will be put to the test. DON'T MISS...Kalvin Phillips' stance on future may have blocked Man City transferMohamed Salah confirmed Liverpool decision but Sadio Mane gives cryptic answerArsenal dealt setbacks over trio who could be key to transfer plans The report also suggests that other names could be in the mix if Arsenal remain reluctant to entertain the £34m asking price. Exactly who is being discussed, Partey aside, remains unknown, but there are a cluster of peripheral stars who Arteta is thought to be keen on offloading before next season gets underway. Lucas Torreira, Bernd Leno and Hector Bellerin are among them, and one thing or another has so far stood in the way of their permanent exits. Dealing with Juventus will likely be done through gritted teeth in north London after the Italian side beat them to Dusan Vlahovic in January. The striker would have been Arsenal's marquee frontman for at least the next few years, and they may well have missed out on fourth spot due to a lack of firepower over the second half of the campaign. The Gunners are looking to address that by tying Eddie Nketiah down to a new deal, thought to be worth around £100,000-a-week. The youngster benefitted from a recent run in the side which saw him regularly find the net, and he is sure to feature more prominently in Arteta's plans if he puts pen to paper. In midfield, Leicester's Youri Tielemans is also thought to be on Arsenal's radar and could be seen as an alternative option to Arthur. Wolves' Ruben Neves has also been linked, so Gunners fans are faced with an exciting wait to find out which deal progresses fastest.