The Monaco Grand Prix was red-flagged before any race laps could be completed due to a heavy rain shower. The FIA delayed the start as the rain intensified but sent the drivers out for a formation lap to get a feel for the conditions. However, the race was stopped at the end of the first formation lap for safety reasons as the rain worsened. It meant F1 faced the prospect of a similar scenario to last year's Belgian Grand Prix if the rain continued. Last year’s race in Spa was delayed for hours after heavy rain meant it was unsafe for the race to start. Eventually, race directors decided to run a handful of laps to achieve an official race result and half points were awarded to the top 10 runners. READ MORE: Monaco GP 'pandemonium' as race start suspended, 'people knocked over'  However, this was unpopular among the fans and resulted in F1 changing its rules ahead of the new season. Under the new guidelines, two racing laps must be completed under green flag conditions for a result to be awarded. The points structure has also been amended to ensure they are awarded more fairly. For races where just two laps are completed, but 25 percent distance is not reached, only the top five finishers will be given points. The winner will get six points with four, three, two and one awarded to the rest. DON'T MISSMartin Brundle gets sassy with Bridgerton star Simone Ashley's team [PICS]Rosberg calls out Dier live on air for changing mind on Lewis Hamilton [ANALYSIS]Hamilton blames woes on 'bad luck' and prays for Monaco GP conditions [COMMENT] For races where 25 to 50 per cent of the distance is completed, points will be given to the top nine finishers in the form 13 points, 10,  eight, six, five, four, three, two, one. For races between 50 per cent but under 75 per cent, points will be issued to the top 10 but in the order of 19, 14, 12, nine, eight, six, five, three, two, one. F1 must complete a race two hours after the race starts but this can be increased to three hours in the event of wet weather. The race resumed behind the safety car at 15:05 UK time (16:05 local time). At the restart, several drivers lost control in the wet weather with Nichoals Latifi and Lance Stroll striking the wall. However, some drivers pitted straight away to gamble on the intermediate tyres. Pierre Gasly was one of these and initially struggled on his new rubber but is now working his way through the field. 