As the Jubilee weekend approaches and the weather warms up, Britons will spend more and more time outside. With the colder months behind us, many dedicated gardeners are likely looking to trim back a season of unchecked growth. Depending on how they do it, the process could see them add up to £11,000 to their home's value, research estimated. Gardeners shouldn't dedicate too much time to their gardens and should avoid anything too extravagant. Speaking to HouseBeautiful.com, garden designer Lauren Pascal said people should stay "cost-effective" and make "light rather than drastic" changes. Ms Pascal added: "Spending tons to have a lavish garden does not always correlate to an increase in property value." READ MORE: Gardening tips: ‘Best time of day’ to water your garden plants Many people venturing out into their gardens over winter may find their green spaces populated by weeds. Extracting them, while often arduous, can add value to a property by making them presentable during viewings. Like the rest of the home, agents often base their estimations on how well maintained gardens are. People can take their well-cultivated gardens a step further by splitting them into zones. Gardeners can experiment with planned plots for different types of plants. Creatively organised flowers showing off the garden's capabilities will likely prove attractive to buyers. Homes boasting space with many uses often fetch higher prices on the market. People can show off their home's versatility by giving their garden a practicality injection. Alongside plots of flowers and plants, gardeners should consider planting fruit and vegetables, which are often valuable in their own right. Gardeners can spend hours creating a beautiful garden, but a lack of security might dissuade people looking to buy the attached home. While it may prove pricier, gardeners should think about investing in higher fences and security measures. Aside from a fence, mounted lights with a motion detector are often good indicators of a safe garden.