 The pair were two of the first public figures to be infected with COVID-19 – which made them so ill they were sent to the hospital. But another testing moment was when Wilson, now 65, struggled with cancer. She has described the “amazing care” she received from Hanks in the past. When she was 58, Wilson was forced to take a break from a play she was working on because of a “personal health issue”. This “personal issue” turned out to be breast cancer, which she was treated for via surgery. Talking to Sunday People at a fundraiser for the World Cancer Research Fund, she first described the way the two handled the ordeal. “We watched movies, we watched great documentaries, we ate good food and we did our best to maintain our spirit and be thankful,” she said. READ MORE: Testosterone deficiency syndrome – feeling dreadfully unhappy might not be depression This “personal issue” turned out to be breast cancer, which she was treated via surgery.   In a later interview with The Mirror, she said: “Who knew it would make you even closer? “You never know how your spouse is going to react in a situation like this. “I was so amazed, so blown away by the care my husband gave me. It was such a normal, intimate time.” The star had an invasive lobular carcinoma, breast cancer that starts in the lobules (milk-creating glands) of the breasts.    She underwent a double mastectomy to remove both breasts, which were replaced through reconstruction surgery. At the time she told People magazine: “Last week, with my husband by my side, and with the love and support of family and friends, I underwent a bilateral mastectomy and reconstruction for breast cancer after a diagnosis of invasive lobular carcinoma.” At the World Cancer Research Fund event, Hanks, in a typical Tom Hanks fashion, said: “You just clear the decks and you circle the wagons and you hunker down. “It’s not that hard to do.”   Wilson made a full recovery from cancer, which she thanked an early diagnosis for. At its earliest stages, an invasive lobular carcinoma might have no symptoms but when it grows larger, it can result in thickening in parts of the breast, as well as swelling or “fullness”, explains the Mayo Clinic. It may also result in a change in the look and feel of the skin over the breast, such as dimpling or thickening, and the nipple may become inverted.  As well as thanking her husband, the actress and musician – who is known for hits like When This is Over – also credited music for getting her through the darkest parts of her cancer recovery. “Music is a thing that actually can change your mood no matter what you’re doing, whether it’s listening to music or being able to write these songs,” she told ET Online. “It’s been an amazing outlet not only when you’re feeling sad, but when you’re feeling happy too.”