Hay fever is one of the UK's most common allergies, and can easily ruin a patient's day by bringing on itching, sneezing, coughing and headaches. Activated by certain pollen types, taking medication is the most effective way to ward off pesky symptoms of this widespread allergy. But there's actually a few simple things you can easily do at home to stop hay fever from ruining your summer. Earlier this week, Boots said there was a shortage of chlorphenamine maleate, the active ingredient in brands such as Piriton. A Boots official said: "There are a very small number of lines that are currently out of stock due to a current, industry-wide shortage of the active ingredient. "However, we are expecting this to be resolved soon and new deliveries are expected in the coming weeks." While the shortages are ongoing, President of The British Society for Allergy And Clinical Immunology Professor Adam Fox has offered his tips for battling your allergies by simply making changes to little everyday tasks. READ MORE: Hay fever vs a cold: How to tell the difference using four key signs Come summer time, millions like to hang their washing outside to dry - but this can easily bring on hay fever symptoms as pollen can easily collect on your laundry. Professor Fox told Express.co.uk: "We all love the fresh scent that comes with drying clothing outside but consider the time you're hanging your washing out. "Pollen rises in the morning so you're best to hang out your laundry after midday." Professor Fox advised making sure your pillowcases are kept fresh and clean as often as possible, as they can turn into a haven for pollen and other allergy activating substances. He said: "If you've got your window open during the daytime to air out your bedroom, you could be inviting pollen in to spend the night too. "Our eyes and nose are incredibly close to our pillowcases for a long period of time while we sleep and if these are covered in pollen, we could be making our allergies much worse." DON'T MISSHay fever could hit those ‘who haven’t suffered previously’ [INSIGHT]The 5 flowers to avoid in your garden if you develop hayfever [EXPLAINER]Hay fever: One in three people showing ‘potentially severe allergies’ [REPORT] Cleaning yourself more often than usual is an effective way to make sure pollen doesn't cling to you. Professor Fox said: "Showering before bed is a must. "If you don't shower, pollen that collects on your body throughout the day will transfer to your bed which could continue to aggravate your seasonal allergies for weeks!" Professor Fox advises stripping off before entering your bedroom, as bringing a day's full of pollen will aggravate your allergies while you are resting and sleeping. He said: "Pollen really clings to soft fabrics meaning if you've spent a full day outside, you're likely to be carrying pollen inside which may aggravate you later. "The best advice is to take clothes off before entering the bedroom."