Manchester United star Cristiano Ronaldo is reportedly yet to talk with Erik ten Hag on what his future holds beyond the end of the season, but is "accepting" of the club going after another striker in the summer window. United have just two Premier League games remaining in what has been a disastrous campaign after they were tipped to challenge for the title last summer. The signings of Jadon Sancho, Raphael Varane and Ronaldo added to what was already a star-studded squad including Bruno Fernandes, Paul Pogba and Marcus Rashford among others. But Ole Gunnar Solskjaer failed to build a cohesive unit out of his array of world-class individuals before the Norwegian coach was dismissed. Ralf Rangnick was brought in on an interim basis to steady the ship, but results have failed to improve with United now unlikely to qualify for next year's Champions League. Attention is already shifting to the summer transfer window, with Ten Hag arriving from Ajax to come in as Solskjaer's permanent replacement. A mass exodus is expected with the Dutchman likely to be given a strong budget to make wholesale changes in the window. And reports have indicated that signing at least one central striker will be a top priority for the new manager. JUST IN: Erik ten Hag may approve four shirt number changes at Man Utd  That has led to some questions over Ronaldo's future at Old Trafford, but it appears as though he's made up his mind. According to transfer expert Fabrizio Romano, Ronaldo 'hopes' to stay at the club despite the likely scenario of not playing Champions League football. The Portuguese superstar is yet to talk with Ten Hag, but it's suggested there shouldn't be any problems between the two of them. The report goes on to claim that Ronaldo is 'accepting' of United going after another striker in the window. United will need to bring in a replacement for Edinson Cavani, who will leave as a free agent. But there are also some questions over Anthony Martial, who is currently on loan at Sevilla, as well as Marcus Rashford. DON'T MISS  Martial made it clear in January that he wanted to leave Old Trafford to find regular football after falling down the pecking order under Rangnick. However, the 26-year-old has failed to find the net in eight La Liga matches so far and is currently out injured. United have already hinted at what kind of striker they will look to sign after going after Karim Adeyemi. The Red Bull Salzburg forward has reportedly already agreed personal terms on a move to Borussia Dortmund, but United tried to hijack the deal with an even bigger offer. But Adeyemi has reportedly decided to stick with his original decision of joining Dortmund, despite United's approach.