Homes Under The Hammer host Martin Roberts spoke about his near-death experience after being rushed to A&E last month following chest pains. Martin explained to This Morning viewers on Wednesday he needed emergency heart surgery after doctors discovered fluid around his vital organ. When his wife Kirsty was asked about Martin's life-saving surgery, she warned him he needed to "learn to say no" to people and take time to recover.  Speaking to This Morning hosts Phillip Schofield and Rochelle Humes about his health scare, Martin explained: "I'd been feeling poorly and under the weather for a few weeks. "I’m used to a tight chest but as it approached the Easter weekend, I could hardly walk without struggling for breath." He initially thought he was experiencing symptoms of COVID-19 but he explained he was starting to get "delirious" and was feeling worse. The presenter told his wife they needed to go to the hospital to be assessed by a doctor as he was concerned.  READ MORE: Colin Murray to replace Anne Robinson on Countdown in temporary role    Martin was seen within minutes by doctors and Kirsty said: "We are just thankful we got you in when we did." Doctors found he had fluid around his heart and operated on Martin immediately. He said: "People are still hesitant about going to A&E but in this instance, it has made all the difference." The star was warned he could have had a heart attack "at any point" as the organ was basically "strangling itself" as it was unable to expand.   Martin added: "If you have chest pains and difficulty breathing, [doctors] would much rather see you and sort you out, you have got to get yourself there." He said his symptoms were very similar to long COVID-19 as he had a cough, difficulty breathing and heart palpitations. When Kirsty was asked whether this health scare has been a wake-up call for Martin, she said: "Totally, we have said this. I did send a card to Martin when he came out of the hospital and said we have to take this as a watershed moment. "I told him he is just going to have to and learn to say no because we both do, and we always have lived life at 100 miles per hour and we very rarely stop and smell the roses. DON'T MISS...Homes Under The Hammer host Martin Roberts in plea to fans  [LATEST]Martin Roberts says he has 'second chance' at life after health scare [INSIGHT]Homes Under The Hammer's Martin Roberts undergoes further health tests [UPDATE]  "Times like this make you start to realise what is important in life and there is going to be a little bit of a readjustment. "Even now in this recovery stage, Martin feels a bit frustrated he can't go back to doing everything he was doing before. "But the doctors said this is going to be a slow process." Martin underwent a procedure to drain the fluid from around his heart and he said the whole experience was "surreal".  He added: "You put yourself in the hands of professionals." "They started pulling this dark black, almost death liquid, out. You could feel it straight away," he explained. Reflecting on how Martin was after the emergency surgery, his wife said: "His whole face immediately had colour back into it - it was that quick." This Morning continues on weekdays at 10am on ITV.  