The long-running CBS drama will reach its milestone 300th episode at the end of this week, and it’s shaping up as one of the most powerful entries in the NCIS series yet. After learning his father had been diagnosed with Alzheimer’s, NCIS: Los Angeles agent Sam Hanna (played by LL Cool J) will move out of his houseboat to look after him, though he may have bitten off more than he can chew. The latest promos for the next episode of NCIS: LA have teased a strained relationship between Sam and his father, Raymond (Richard Gant). Sam has made the difficult decision to move out of his houseboat and share a home with his father to take care of him as his condition worsens. This is the first time NCIS fans will have met Raymond, and the recent sneak peek has confirmed their relationship is just as tense as his absence suggests. In the new promo, Sam comes into Raymond’s room and remarks: “Too much house for one person.” READ MORE: TalkTV's James Max shocked as caller cuts off heating to save money Raymond retorts: “Yeah. That coming from a man who lives on a boat.” At the start of season nine, Sam’s wife Michelle (Aunjanue Ellis) was murdered and his kids are away at boarding school. He decided to sell his home and buy a houseboat for himself, which he named in honour of Michelle. However, just a few years later, he’s forced to make another huge life-changing mood when he realises his father needs help taking care of himself. “I don’t live on a boat anymore, Dad,” Sam tells him. Although Raymond agreed to the move, he can’t help but imagine what his own late wife would think about her son moving back in with his father. Raymond reminisces: “You know I can’t imagine what your mother would think.” Sam’s mother has sadly been presumed to be dead since the agent was introduced in NCIS: LA’s first season in 2013. DON'T MISS:Outlander season 7 theory: Tom Christie confesses to Malva’s murder [SPOILERS]Law and Order Organized Crime’s Bell star on opening up to Stabler [INTERVIEW]The Walking Dead’s Norman Reedus teases Carol’s return [INSIGHT] He now offers a touching insight into her character when he argues she would be supportive of their decision to sell his childhood home. "She would think it’s time to pass that house on to the next generation,” he argues. “The buyers have two kids, they’ll enjoy growing up there just like I did. Think she’d get a kick out of us living together. It would make her happy.” Raymond admits, “Yeah, I suppose” and their conversation comes to an awkward conclusion when Sam offers anything else his father might need. Sam leaves him to his own devices for the time being, but viewers could see their emotional walls start to break down in the coming episodes. It’s not yet known how many episodes Raymond is set to appear in, but he could become a major part of Sam’s life outside the NCIS office in future seasons. Unfortunately, it might take them a little longer to get used to sharing the same house and start acting like father and son again. NCIS: Los Angeles season 13 continues Sundays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.