Naga Munchetty, 47, penned a heartfelt message to Adam Fleming, 42, who explained he is taking a step back from his regular duties at the Beeb. The BBC Breakfast host offered her well wishes to her colleague who often makes regular appearances on the morning news programe. Adam, who is a chief political correspondent at BBC News, confirmed it's his last week reporting from Westminster as he takes on other challenges. In view of his 107,000 followers, he explained he will be focused on his other work which include fronting Newscast. He accompanied the announcement with a snap of himself clutching a BBC News umbrella outside Downing Street, surrounded by cameras and recording equipment. Adam wrote: "This is my last week at Westminster for a while because I’m going to do other stuff for a few months including #BBCNewscast. Thanks for all the constructive feedback of my political coverage on this platform." READ MORE: Ruth Langsford reacts to Eamonn Holmes in bizarre health update Naga was one of the first people to react to the news as he was inundated with messages of support. In view of her 270,000 followers, she wrote: "A change is as good as a rest (they say). "I don't like what they say... Still, I hope you enjoy the change. I'll miss you on @BBCBreakfast." BBC broadcaster Rachel Burden commented: "We will miss you."  Rick Edwards agreed: "We will!" Carolyn Quinn added: "Bon voyage Adam. You’ll be really missed. Thank you." The political correspondent later confirmed he would still on occasion present news bulletins, adding: "Don’t worry I’ve not gone awol! That 08.00 bulletins piece will still get done." Adam is a journalist and chief political correspondent for BBC News. DON'T MISS... Emmerdale's Lisa Riley in agony after wearing Kate Middleton's shoes[LATEST]Demi Rose sets pulses racing as she flashes bottom[PICTURES]Cara Delevigne flashes toned abs in crop top and maxi skirt at Cannes[RED CARPET] He was formerly the Beebs Brussels correspondent and has previously worked for Daily Politics and Newsround. He co-presented the podcast and television programme Brexitcast, before becoming co-presenter of its successor, Newscast. Meanwhile, Naga took to Instagram and shared she was back running but added it was not an "easy" task. The broadcaster previously revealed she had suffered an injury just months ago which forced her to take some time out of her daily activity. Sharing a selfie, Naga appeared to have just returned from her outdoor run. In view of her 53,000 followers, she penned: "That wasn't easy. At least it's done. Onwards and upwards." Fans reacted, as Hazmac wrote: "Keep smashing it!" AK Owen added: "Never easy. Keep pushing." BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One at 6am.