Boris Johnson and the Conservative Party suffered a devastating blow from the British electorate on May 5, as voters extracted more than 400 seats from the sitting Government. With Sir Keir Starmer and Labour caught up in "beergate", the Prime Minister will take the opportunity to try and win back voters within the "blue wall" who deserted him last week. While there is no immediate clamour amongst his colleagues for him to quit, he faces pressure from them to turn a political page as he prepares to set the stage for the next General Election. Senior Conservatives, despite previous rumours, have not reserved their no-confidence letters for local election failure, with the Prime Minister appearing safe at Number 10. Nevertheless, he will have to win back favour amongst backbenchers in his party, requiring him to show he can still charm voters. His upcoming plan will attempt to do just that as the party bids to attract the same electorate that handed him the office in 2019. He is preparing to court voters with a raft of new legislation with the Queen's speech on May 10. Parliament closed when the last 2021-2022 session ended earlier this month and can only return following the Queen's speech. The speech, penned by Government officials, sees Queen Elizabeth II outline the next session's legislative agenda. And as this ends just a year before the 2024 General Election, the Prime Minister has included a host of policies designed to woo Britons. READ MORE: Boris unveils Brexit plan tomorrow in his FINAL CHANCE to scrap EU law The levelling up agenda that played a central role in the Tories' 2019 campaign will play a similar part in the upcoming parliamentary session. A levelling up and regeneration bill will aim to rejuvenate high streets with stagnating empty shops by giving local councils more control over vacant lots. Ministers will also use the legislation to force landlords to rent out their commercial properties. The bill is also rumoured to include a section allowing councils to double tax on uninhabited second homes. Some of the most highly anticipated bills destined for Parliament over the next year are tied to regulation, specifically sprouting from Brexit, a blue wall key concern. The flagship policy is the British Bill of Rights, which the Government has championed as a replacement for the Human Rights Act. Justice minister Dominic Raab has proposed the bill will allow British judges to split from the European Court of Human Rights and prioritise public over offender rights. In line with other senior Tories, he also hopes to use it to allow the Government to deport foreign offenders and peel back some of the ECHR press controls. Other regulation heavy bills include the Brexit freedoms and broadcasting bills announced by the Government earlier this year. The latter bill should create a bonfire for extraneous post-Brexit EU regulations still active in the UK. They will see the Government greenlight gene-editing in the UK and streamline procurement for small firms looking for public sector cash. Another controversial bill will bring forward Nadine Dorries' plans to privatise Channel 4. Plans to regulate hunting trophy imports have reportedly been neutered, as Conservatives object to banning imports and sales of fur and foie gras. The Government's flagship conversion therapy bill will likely make its way through Parliament in the latest session. While only in the proposal stage at present, it has already garnered significant controversy as ministers initially ruled out banning conversion therapy for LGBT+ people. They have since U-turned and will outlaw the practice for gay but not transgender people. Another social care bill will retool the Mental Health Act of 1983 to limit how social workers detain autistic people and those with learning disabilities.