Some 62 percent were confused by the jargon - with terms like "conveyancing", "covenant", "disbursement" and "stamp duty" - among the most baffling phrases. And 74 percent of these admitted they are still unsure what some terms mean. Solicitors were found to be the worst home-buying jargon offenders (52 percent) followed by estate agents (28 percent), banks (27 percent), and mortgage brokers (27 percent). The research, commissioned by saving and investing app Moneybox, found 48 percent of confused homebuyers were left feeling anxious, hoping they’d not missed or misunderstood anything important. Another 47 percent said it contributed to feeling overwhelmed, with 31 percent embarrassed at having to ask for terms and phrases to be explained to them. And 30 percent were simply frustrated at having to spend time figuring out what was meant. Following the findings, the brand has created a quiz to help homebuyers test their knowledge of the jargon involved and find out more about it. Cecilia Mourain, MD of Moneybox Home-buying, said: "When buying a home, many can be left feeling overwhelmed as there is so much to learn throughout the process, especially for first-time buyers. “The language of home-buying was certainly never taught in schools and so it’s no surprise that many feel as if they are in the deep end as soon as the process gets underway. “People shouldn't have to feel like they are ‘winging’ what is one of the most significant financial achievements in life. “We’re committed to doing all we can to make buying a home easy, from first step to doorstep. "If you’re thinking of buying in the future, take our home-buying quiz now to see how prepared you are for the journey ahead.” The study also found that when buying their first home, 47 percent felt they had been caught out or surprised by something they now wish they had approached differently at the time. While four in 10 now feel they were ‘naïve’ about how long the process would take, and 36 percent had no idea about the order of events when buying a property. As a result, 28 percent wish estate agents, solicitors and mortgage advisors had provided more support. Among those who admitted to "winging it", a third believe they were left out of pocket as a result. It also emerged 66 per cent of those polled via OnePoll think buying a property is "far more complicated than it needs to be". Cecilia Mourain, MD of Moneybox Home-buying, added: “While a little preparation can go a long way, we know that even the most organised people have found buying a home to be challenging at times. “Our free mortgage service is here to help make the process of buying a home stress-free, with a dedicated team of expert mortgage brokers and individual case managers on hand to support you throughout.” To get to grips with the language used during the home-buying process, Moneybox has also created a jargon-buster glossary. MOST CONFUSING TERMS WHEN BUYING A HOME ACCORDING TO HOMEOWNERS 