Rula Lenska has played Claudia Colby in Coronation Street since 2009. The actress returned to the ITV soap full-time in 2018, which is when she fell in love with Ken Barlow (played by Bill Roache). At the time, Claudia decided to buy Audrey's (Sue Nicholls) salon before convincing Ken it was a good idea to sell his house and move to a luxury retirement home. However, things didn't work out between the pair, when Ken decided he wanted to move back to his beloved house. Rula is expected to return to the soap later this year, but, in the meantime, she has spent her time rehearsing for her new theatre play called Evelyn. In Evelyn, which is being held at the Wildcard Theatre and the Mercury Theatre, Rula stars as landlady Jeanne who takes pity on a stranger who might not be who she says she is. The play will begin later this month and will conclude at the end of July. READ MORE: Stranger Things season 4 release time: What time is it on Netflix? Discussing her role and the gruelling rehearsal schedule, the 74-year-old admitted it has been tough. "We had a very heavy day yesterday because we spent the whole afternoon doing fighting sequences with a proper fight director," Rula admitted. "And I feel like I've been in the boxing ring with somebody." Speaking about the play itself, the actress praised: "It's an extraordinary piece, written by a very young, new writer. It's his first play based on a true story." "And it's this wonderful amalgamation of surrealism with realism," the soap star added. "So there's a lot of comedy, there's a lot of darkness and there's a lot of parallels to real life. "All the characters go on an incredible journey, and for me, it's quite special because it's a real character part. "It's got nothing to do with glamour or anything like that. So yeah, it's a challenge, but a really interesting one." DON'T MISS...BBC Breakfast's 'out of touch' Platinum Jubilee coverage sparks uproar [REACTION]Scarlette Douglas pays tribute to George Clarke ahead of new show [VIDEO]Brenda Blethyn opens up on heartbreak of marriage breakdown [INSIGHT] Rula went on to explain she is playing a character suffering from dementia, who she says: "Swears like a trooper." "Women of our age permanently wonder whether they're on the dementia trail because it’s talked about so much," she said. "This part has got nothing to do with glamour which can be a bit of a stumbling block because glamour seems two dimensional and this woman is very much three if not four-dimensional. "She realises that things disappear, her memory goes and things are misrepresented." "She's scared but she's a stalwart," Rula said of her character. "It's just fascinating. "I'm having a wonderful time, which I hope will show of creating this bizarre, complicated person." Later this year, Rula will be heading back to Weatherfield to play Claudia once again. Despite not knowing what her storyline will involve, the actress admitted she'd love to work with Bill Roache again.