Red Bull boss Christian Horner has declared it would be ‘logical’ for his team to link up with motorsport giants Porsche should they enter Formula 1 - but he warned that current teams could rebel against the addition of any new entries. Horner pointed to the dilution of the prize money fund as the key reason why current teams in the paddock would be keen to avoid any changes to the line-up. Volkswagen have revealed their plans to enter F1 in 2026, when a new engine formula is scheduled to take over which could shake up the grid. The German manufacturers are set to enter with their premium Porsche and Audi brands. Audi are looking to join forces with a team as McLaren quashed rumours they could be purchased, while Red Bull have been heavily linked with Porsche. Porsche, Audi, and Andretti Global are each looking to enter F1, and so Horner is naturally expecting some push back from around the paddock as current teams will not want to see the prize fund diluted. Under the current Concorde Agreement, new teams must pay a $200 million - £164m - entry fee to compensate their rivals for the prize fund being sliced into 11. Speaking to select members of the media including RacingNews365.com, Horner said: “Money is ultimately going to be a significant factor. READ MORE: Verstappen dealt huge title blow as Red Bull's spend on car emerges “I see a question, really for the promoter, that if they want more teams, they're obviously going to have to dilute their share of the fund, because it would be unfair to expect the other teams to pay for the additional new entrants to come in indirectly. “I think it's great that there's the interest from new brands, and a team like Andretti, a great name, but I think it's something that, with [F1 owner] Liberty [Media], it's their business model that they need to work out for the future.” Volkswagen have made clear their intentions and have now entered into a final evaluation phase as negotiations with the FIA are underway. Horner is adamant that a deal with Porsche would be wise as his Red Bull team look to build their own power units for 2026. DON'T MISSSergio Perez in Red Bull talks amid Gasly and Verstappen rumoursWolff 'not checking out the neighbour' as he mulls over Mercedes' carsO'Sullivan questions whether snooker should follow in footsteps of F1 “It is obviously great, the commitment that VW stated, as a parent company to both Porsche and Audi, that they've both got the intent of going into Formula 1,” Horner said, speaking to select members of the media, including RacingNews365.com. "We've just started a new journey as a power unit manufacturer for 2026, so, of course, it would be logical for us to look at all discussions about a potential cooperation. “It's still very early days. There's nothing to report and, when there is, you guys (the media) will naturally be the first to know.” The 22-race F1 2022 campaign - which is expected to return to a record 23 races in the near future once a Russian Grand Prix replacement is found - continues with the Spanish Grand Prix in Barcelona on May 22.