Piers Morgan was back for his final instalment of Uncensored for the week and was keen to find out what guest Dame Joan Collins thought about reports Madonna is auditioning a new toy boy. As he joked about whether the Hollywood star had rules for her own love life, Dame Joan promptly shut him down. Piers asked: “What about Madonna who is auditioning for a new boy toy?” “You’re kidding! You've just made that up!” laughed Joan. Piers replied: “No she’s apparently auditioning. She wants them to be hard bodied.” “What do you mean?” Joan asked before recalling: “Oh that’s right. READ MORE: Stranger Things season 4 release time: What time is it on Netflix? “We were with her son, Rocco, last summer and he said, ‘You know my mother says that she will not sleep with anybody over the age of 25!’ “I said, ‘No Rocco, you’re kidding.’” “That’s never been your rule has it?” probed Piers. Joan hit back: “I don’t have rules! Rules? I am very happily married, 20 years. You didn’t come to our anniversary party!” Apologising Piers explained: “I wasn’t here, I was in Australia,” before revealing her husband Percy was standing by. “He’s lurking in the wings like a protective knight.” In the same interview, Joan spoke about her admiration for the Queen and being part of the upcoming Jubilee celebrations. “It's very exciting because I'm such a monarchist and I'm such a royalist,” she explained. DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan brands Johnny Depp and Amber Heard trial 'nonsense' [LATEST]Piers Morgan rages ‘fame hungry’ Meghan will ‘hijack headlines [VIDEO]Piers Morgan claims Kate Moss has 'swung' Johnny Depp trial [WATCH] “I love The Queen so much. She's a remarkable woman, isn't she? “She is the most inspirational woman I think that ever has lived in my lifetime. “She is so down to earth and gentle and humorous. She's got through all of these dreadful things that have happened, and they really have been some awful things that she's had to deal with and she does it with such grace and the fact that she has never, ever commented on anything that’s going on. “Nothing, even an aside… The last time I saw her we had it was at Buckingham Palace and we were talking about Pygmalion, My Fair Lady. “Some students gave a performance and she's so knowledgeable about the theatre, and we had a really very nice chat. I just love her.” Dame Joan will be part of a pageant celebrating the seven decades the Queen has been on the throne. Piers Morgan’s Uncensored airs Monday-Thursday from 8pm on TalkTV.