Florentino Perez addressed the Real Madrid players in the changing room following their 0-0 draw with Real Betis - telling them that Kylian Mbappe would no longer be signing for the club this summer, according to reports. Los Blancos brought the curtain down on their impressive La Liga campaign on Friday night following a stalemate with Manuel Pellegrini's side, who have secured an impressive fifth place. But for Real Madrid, all focus is on the future of their top transfer target Mbappe as he continues to prolong a decision over his next move. As it stands, he is out of contract with PSG at the end of the season with Real Madrid ready to make him their next Galactico in a move that has been several years in the making. However, according to Spanish journalist Guillem Balague, Perez told Madrid's players that Mbappe was no longer signing during post-match talks in the dressing-room. It would suggest Mbappe has indeed decided to stay with PSG - something that has been strongly suggested in the press in the past few days. READ MORE: Manchester United can kickstart Ten Hag era with sexiest of signings that ticks all boxes PSG have made a lucrative play to keep their poster boy for another two years with a contract offer that includes a bumper signing fee. Balague also claims Real Madrid were more than happy to match it, with the figure believed to be worth £127m. Both clubs are also seemingly happy to match Mbappe's wage demands, leaving the ball firmly in his court. Unfortunately for Real Madrid their patient approach has seemingly backfired with PSG now set to keep their star forward. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'have three signings on table' as Erik ten Hag transfer budget revealedNottingham Forest fan Robert Biggs jailed for 24 weeks for Billy Sharp headbuttGabriel Jesus 'decides stance' on Arsenal transfer without Champions League football Mbappe's mother, Fayza, has confirmed both offers are "almost identical." “We have an agreement with both Real Madrid and Paris Saint-Germain. Kylian will now decide," she told Kora Plus. “The two offers from PSG and Real Madrid are almost identical. It’s up to Kylian now, he will make a decision”. Carlo Ancelotti is adamant the Champions League is the only thing on his mind - not whether Mbappe will sign on the dotted line. "We're used to these things," Ancelotti said on Thursday. "We're focused. The atmosphere is very good. What happens outside, and what's talked about, doesn't affect us at all. "Nobody asks me about [Mbappe]. I spend my time at [Madrid's training ground] Valdebebas, in my car and at home. Sometimes I like to go to Madrid's good restaurants, but nobody asks me about that... The only thing I have in mind is the final." Mbappe is expected to confirm his decision on Sunday, although he now seems set to remain and extend with PSG.