Platinum Jubilee celebrations to mark the Queen’s 70-year reign get underway this week. The 96-year-old monarch’s historic royal milestone will be commemorated with a series of events held across an extended bank holiday weekend held from Thursday to Sunday. In the run-up to the celebrations, the BBC has released a special documentary looking at key moments in history from Her majesty’s reign. The Queen’s Silver Jubilee followed a period of economic gloom in Britain amid an oil crisis and rising inflation. The milestone gave the nation a chance to celebrate, with thousands of Britons attending garden parties across the nation. The official programme events included a Jubilee procession from Buckingham Palace to St Paul’s Cathedral and the Guildhall. Other famous faces also shared their memories of the Queen’s first Jubilee for the documentary, including former BBC newsreader Angela Rippon who also recalled the Silver Jubilee fondly. She claimed that the celebrations were a chance for the public to tell the Queen they thought she was doing a “good job”, and said: “The great thing about the Jubilee is that it gave a whole new generation an opportunity to show how much they appreciated the monarchy in general, the queen in particular. “Apart from the coronation itself, when had there been an opportunity for the country to come together and say, ‘Actually, we quite like having a monarchy, and we think you're doing a good job’?” Floella Benjamin, a member of House of Lords, also shared her thoughts for the programme. She said: “The nation showed her how much they loved her by coming out for those great street parties, the flags flying, and it was almost spontaneous. “Everybody wanted to say, ‘long live the Queen’, because she had given so much to her nation.” Ahead of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, Titchmarsh has helped lead the celebrations for the monarch. DON'T MISS: Jubilee row explodes as Harry and Meghan told they are 'NOT welcome' in vicious attack [LATEST]Queen's Platinum Jubilee 'tarnished' by monarch's 'puzzling attachment' to Andrew [INSIGHT]Prince Charles' royal protocol on day of Queen's death explained by constitutional expert [ANALYSIS] The TV presenter, who has met the Queen several times before, was reunited with the monarch again in May. He chatted to her as she left the ‘A Gallop Through History’ event at the Royal Windsor Horse Show at Windsor Castle. Titchmarsh later paid tribute to Her Majesty at the subsequent Jubilee gala, which also starred Tom Cruise. In a speech, he said: “There’s been one constant heartbeat of this nation and that heart belongs to Her Majesty, the Queen.” Although the crowd cheered at his remarks, the camera pans to the Queen in the audience, who appears unimpressed and shrugs at his tribute. ‘The Queen: 70 Glorious Years’ is available to stream on BBC iPlayer.