Paul McCartney, 79, left fans wondering after playing a video of Johnny Depp, 58, at Camping World Stadium in Orlando over the weekend. The Beatles star, who is currently on his Got Back tour, played a clip of the Pirates Of The Caribbean star during the performance for his song My Valentine. The footage, which showed Johnny playing the guitar, was played on the big screens flanking the stage. Paul did not comment on the reason for the imagery and it is unknown whether the images had been displayed at his previous concerts. But the clip sparked widespread debate as some fans claimed the musician was signalling his support for Johnny amid his ongoing libel lawsuit. Some online users took to Twitter to share their views on Paul’s move, with many theorising it had been intentional. READ MORE: John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning TheIcarusEffect tweeted: “PAUL MCCARTNEY SHOWING SUPPORT FOR JOHNNY DEPP???” Dvduadotcom added: “Even Sir Paul McCartney publicly supports Johnny Depp. This case is that obvious.” Djkelly11709613 said: “Last night. Paul McCartney show. Orlando Florida. “The first thing I noticed was that Paul McCartney supported Johnny Depp enough to put him on his own stage. The next thing I noticed is the crowd cheering. “The court of public opinion has spoken #JusticeForJohnnyDepp” Kasey_n_landon typed: “Sir Paul McCartney played a video with Johnny Depp in it tonight in Orlando and the entire crowd cheered. Thousands of people. #JusticeForJohnnyDepp” Johnny is suing Amber for $50 million, citing loss of earnings after her Washington Post article spoke of being a victim of sexual violence, despite not naming him as the perpetrator. Amber is countersuing for $100 million, claiming that her career has also been affected, with sponsorships and movie opportunities allegedly being taken away from her after she came head to head with Johnny. DON'T MISSHelen Mirren, 76, unrecognisable in heavy makeup and hair extensions [PICTURES]Tom Hanks' feud with Ricky Gervais laid bare: 'He's on his high horse' [INSIGHT]Eamonn Holmes set to undergo surgery as host unable to walk his dog [LATEST] Last week, Johnny took to the stand today to answer the question: "What has it been like for you to listen to Ms Heard's testimony through this trial?" The actor claimed the accusations against him had been "humiliating", "savage" and "unimaginably brutal”. He also insisted that none of the allegations being made against him were true. "It's insane to hear heinous accusations of sexual violence that she's attributed to me [and] accused me of," he told the court. "I don't think anyone enjoys having to split themselves open and tell the truth, but there are times when one just simply has to, because it's gotten out of control. "No human being is perfect... but I have never in my life committed sexual battery, physical abuse, all these outlandish, outrageous stories..." Describing the experience of hearing Amber testify against him, he said: "Horrible, ridiculous, humiliating, ludicrous, savage, unimaginably brutal and cruel - and all false!" The court is preparing for the trial’s conclusion after hearing the closing arguments.