The Greatest Showman was a box office and chart-topping smash; a huge triumph for an original movie musical that received lukewarm reviews. Soon after its 2017 release, fans started asking about a potential sequel and now two of its stars have recently spoken out. Charity star Michelle Williams was asked about a follow-up in a new interview and didn’t hold back. Williams told Variety: “I would make another one of those in a heartbeat. I wish they'd make a sequel...I really love that movie. My daughter Matilda sang those songs. My mom is still listening to that soundtrack. I love making things for kids that are full of joy and positivity.” Meanwhile, PT Barnum star Hugh Jackman himself is very open to The Greatest Showman 2 as well. Jackman told People with tongue in cheek: “Listen, if you know anything about my filmography, you'd know I'm totally against sequels in every shape or form. No more than nine films! I'm always open if they come up with a good idea. Yeah, I'm open!” The question remains though, where would the plot of The Greatest Showman 2 go? The Greatest Showman concluded with Jackman’s Barnum opening his show in an open-air tent, thus establishing the modern circus. However, he has handed the rights over to Zac Efron’s Phil Carlyle, to allow him to focus on his family. The Greatest Showman is only loosely based on actual history, so a sequel shouldn’t be too much trouble to manifest. Assuming the first movie was set around the 1860s, a follow-up could focus on the new tent circus, with Jackman returning to his roots. DON'T MISSThe Greatest Showman 2: Director teases Hugh Jackman SEQUEL [DIRECTOR]The Greatest Showman matches The Beatles – Hugh Jackman ‘SPEECHLESS’ [THE BEATLES]Edith Bowman ‘The Greatest Showman's critics just did NOT get it’ [EXCLUSIVE] Efron himself has also said he hopes The Greatest Showman 2 will get made, but it’s not up to Fox anymore since the studio was bought by Disney. Considering how much money the first movie and its soundtrack will have made, a sequel does seem inevitable. And surely a theatrical musical version of The Greatest Showman must be in the works? It would no doubt be a considerable cash cow on Broadway and in the West End. SOURCE SOURCE