The Scottish First Minister announced on Twitter she had tested positive for coronavirus and confirmed she will be self isolating. The news comes just hours after she met with Michelle O’Neill, the Vice President of Sinn Fein, to discuss Brexit. The two were pictured sitting close together indoors and shaking hands following the meeting.     She said: “Unfortunately I’ve tested positive for Covid this evening after experiencing mild symptoms. In line with @scotgov guidance, I’ll work from home over the next few days, and hopefully be back out and about later next week.” On Twitter, Ms O’Neill posted an image of the two shaking hands in front of the First Minister’s Bute House residence in Edinburgh. She said: “Delighted to meet Scotland’s First Minister @NicolaSturgeon in beautiful Edinburgh. The historic bonds between Scotland & the island of Ireland go back centuries. “We enjoy a long & enduring affinity as neighbours & friends. Moving forward we will strengthen the bonds that tie us.” The Scottish First Minister also returned from a visit to the United States this week.    The two held talks on “shared areas of interest”, however some noted both are members of political parties whose stated goals are to break up the United Kingdom. Sinn Fein has been calling for a referendum on the island of Ireland for years while Nicola Sturgeon’s SNP wants another referendum on Scottish independence, possibly later this year. Following the meeting, Ms Sturgeon insisted the Brexit process had “brought to fore some very fundamental questions” over the system of governance. She said: “Scotland, and indeed Northern Ireland – we both voted against Brexit but we are both now dealing with the very negative consequences of Brexit.” “That really brings to the fore that that system of Government that's been at play in the UK for some time now is not serving all of our interests. READ MORE: 'Get a life!' American audience in stitches as Sussexes mocked on TV     “You hear these questions in Scotland, you hear them in Northern Ireland. Increasingly, you're hearing these questions being asked in Wales, as well. “I don't think these questions are going to go away.” The two also discussed the Northern Ireland Protocol with Ms O’Neill claiming the people of Northern Ireland wanted the protocol to work adding Boris Johnson’s Government had caused “uncertainty and instability”. Sinn Fein won the elections in Northern Ireland this month, however a Government has yet to be formed in Stormont as the DUP won’t nominate a Deputy Minister unless the protocol is fixed.  DON't MISS:Prince Andrew spotted horseback in the English countryside [REPORT]Britain set to 'feed WORLD' with new breakthrough [LIVE]Coronation Street theory: Jacob Hay involved in Underworld takeover [REVEAL] Ms Sturgeon's positive Covid test comes as cases are falling in Scotland. Scotland has lifted all Covid restrictions, however, Government advice is to “stay at home” if you feel unwell or have a fever. Individuals are no longer advised to take a Covid test. 