Princess Eugenie’s husband turned 36 years old today, and the Queen’s granddaughter took to Instagram to share a few pictures of them together. In the caption, Princess Eugenie wrote a few sweet words about Jack Brooksbank. Express.co.uk also spoke to body language expert Judi James about the images. Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson’s daughter shared two images with her followers. The first was a selfie which she had taken, with Jack popping out from behind her. The couple looked to be somewhere abroad, as the sun was  shining, there were palm trees in the background and desert hills in the distance. The second image is another selfie, this time of Princess Eugenie and Jack on an areoplane. The image is slightly blurry and both are wearing masks, but seemingly smiling underneath them. Princess Eugenie captioned the post with: “Happy birthday to you my Jack. 36 years today. READ MORE: Meghan political hopes dashed as Duchess is 'too thin skinned' “What a journey it's been so far. Can't wait for so many more.” Rather unusually, Eugenie called her husband “my Jack”. This is not the first time she has addressed him with the possesive pronoun “my”. The Princess regularly refers to Jack as “my love” on her social media posts about. The phrase “my love” means a profoundly tender, passionate affection for another person. It is also said to mean a feeling of warm personal attachment or deep affection, according to freedictionary.com DON'T MISS...Meghan and Harry backed to return to Firm after 'big blow' to Queen [INSIDER]Queen's health 'more perilous' as Royal Family facing knife-edge [COMMENT]Prince Charles tasked with 'sensitive trip' to Canada [NEWS] Judi commented: “It seems like a rather big share to put what is a virtual birthday card to your husband complete with a private and personal message onto social media but Eugenie shows she is a very contemporary royal here with not just her message but this one in a series of natural and casual-looking poses that always show glimpses into her family life behind the scenes of her more formal royal appearances. “Meghan spoke about Harry and Archie as having ‘the best two guys in the world’ and Eugenie’s reference to ‘my Jack’ and previous references to ‘my love’ and ‘my boys’ sounds like a similar sentiment of loving ownership, care and protection. “Her choice of a selfie seems to emphasise how happy Jack makes her. “She is very central to the pose and closest to the camera and the key feature is her wide, symmetric smile that shows upper and lower teeth. “It’s Jack prompting the smile but he is only seen popping out from behind her to make her laugh. “Their other pose is one with both masked up and apparently travelling and the blend of the ‘fun’ pose and this more serious one seems to illustrate her sentiments of ‘what a journey it’s been so far,’” the expert added. Royal fans added their wellwishes to the comments section. One wrote: “Happy Birthday marvellous Jack. Love to all the family!” “Happy birthday Jack hope you have a great day,” someone else said. A third added: “Happy Birthday Jack!! Hope you had a wonderful day.” “What an awesome photo! Great smile Princess! Happy Birthday Jack! It’s all about you today!” Another Instagram comment read. Princess Eugenie and Jack have been married for three years. They share a son, August, together.