Novak Djokovic advanced to the third-round in Rome with a 6-3 6-2 win over Aslan Karatsev in 90 minutes. It was their first meeting since the 28-year-old stunned Djokovic on home soil in Belgrade last year but the top seed managed to get revenge and keep himself alive in the race to hold onto his world No 1 ranking. Daniil Medvedev will overtake him at the top unless Djokovic reaches the semi-finals this week. It was a third meeting between Djokovic and Karatsev, with their head-to-head tied at one win apiece. The world No 1 was looking to get revenge over the 28-year-old after losing their last meeting on the clay-courts of his own Novak Tennis Centre in Belgrade last year, and started strong as he immediately broke to lead 2-0. But the world No 35 broke straight back to get things level until the top seed pounced once more to break for a 5-3 lead, serving out the opening set in X minutes. Djokovic continued his run of games into the second set, finally taking his fourth break point in a ten-minute opening game to lead by a set and a break. It was a moral bagel for the five-time former champion, who had won the last three games of the opening set and won the first four of the second, going up a double break. The Russian then survived a lengthy, three-deuce game, saving a set point as he finally got himself on the scoreboard in the second set, trailing 1-4. JUST IN: Nadal makes alarming 'old machine' admission before French Open  Djokovic completed a love-hold to put himself within a game of the match, and Karatsev faced another challenge as he came through a two-deuce game to hold serve, forcing the five-time former champion to serve for the victory himself. Djokovic served out a 6-3 6-2 victory with ease to lead his head-to-head with the 28-year-old and get revenge for Belgrade. The world No 1 now advances to the third-round, where he will face either compatriot Laslo Djere or old foe Stan Wawrinka. The Swiss player is coming back from double-knee surgery after more than a year away from the tour and scored his first win in 15 months in the first round, when he downed 14th seed Reilly Opelka 3-6 7-5 6-2 on Monday. DON'T MISSFederer and agent 'plan Alcaraz proposal' after teen catches his eyeEmma Raducanu confirms first match on British soil since US Open winDenis Shapovalov screams 'shut the f*** up' at Italian Open crowd  Djokovic leads Wawrinka 19-6 in their head-to-head but the pair haven't faced each other in two-and-a-half years. Now down at world No 361, Wawrinka won their last meeting by retirement at the 2019 US Open. Djere and Djokovic met for the first time last month in Belgrade, with the world No 1 forced to come from a set-and-a-break down for a 2-6 7-6(6) 7-6(4) victory. The win also means Djokovic stays alive in his quest to hold onto the world No 1 ranking. He must reach the semi-finals in Rome this week, or Daniil Medvedev will overtake him on Monday. The current world No 2 has been out of action since the Miami Open after undergoing hernia surgery but is making his comeback in Geneva next week ahead of the French Open. If he surpasses the Serb in the rankings, he will be the first non-Big Four to be the top seed at a Grand Slam since the 2004 Australian Open.