A Russian television presenter has resurrected Vladimir Putin's threat of nuclear war in the face of continued western military support for Ukraine. President Biden and the United States have ramped up military aid to Ukraine as Russian troops attempt to smash their way through the heavily fortified towns and cities of the Donbas. On the state-owned channel Russia1, host Dmitry Kiselyov made a point of raising the threat issued by Putin on 24 February to anyone "tempted to interfere in developments." Kiselyov told Russia1: "Deliveries of such weapons will definitely not bring peace to Ukraine. "Just new casualties and by making such shipments, the Americans are putting themselves in an increasingly ambiguous position. "Defining themselves increasingly clearly as a party to the conflict. "And is this not what Putin warned about back on February 24?"  "I would now like to say something very important for those who may be tempted to interfere in these developments from the outside," Putin announced in his February 24 speech. "No matter who tries to stand in our way or all the more so create threats for our country and our people, they must know that Russia will respond immediately, and the consequences will be such as you have never seen in your entire history. "No matter how the events unfold, we are ready. "All the necessary decisions in this regard have been taken. I hope that my words will be heard." Meanwhile, Russian troops entered the outskirts of the Ukrainian city of Sievierodonetsk, a regional governor said on Monday, describing the fighting as "very fierce" in a city that become a key objective for Moscow's offensive in the Donbas. Shelling killed two civilians and wounded five others as Russian troops advanced into the city's southeastern and northeastern areas fringes, Luhansk region Governor Serhiy Gaidai said. Incessant shelling has left Ukrainian forces defending ruins in Sievierodonetsk, but their refusal to withdraw has slowed a massive Russian offensive across the Donbas region in eastern Ukraine. "Some 90 percent of buildings are damaged. More than two-thirds of the city's housing stock has been completely destroyed. There is no telecommunication," Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy said in a televised speech. DON'T MISS: Putin’s terrifying ‘superweapon’ can be placed ‘in range' of UK [REPORT]How to protect yourself after the deployment of biological weapons Hea [EXPLAINER]‘Own goal’ Too dangerous for Putin to launch a cyberattack [REPORT] "Capturing Sievierodonetsk is a fundamental task for the occupiers ... We do all we can to hold this advance." Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov on Sunday said the "liberation" of the Donbas, an industrial region that includes Luhansk and Donetsk, was an "unconditional priority" for Moscow. Ukrainian forces in the Donbas said they were on the defensive all day on Sunday. Russian forces fired on 46 communities in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions, killing at least three civilians, wounding two others, or destroying or damaging 62 civilian buildings. Russian shelling also continued on Sunday across several regions such as in Novy Buh in Mykolaiv and Sumy.