Golfing great Tiger Woods left fans concerned over the weekend after a video emerged of the 15-time major champion’s leg buckling whilst practising. Woods was making just his second PGA Tour appearance since suffering severe injuries in a car crash back in February 2021. His initial comeback came at the Masters last month, after the 46-year-old battled through the struggles to finish 47th in Georgia. Woods’ outing at last week’s PGA Championship however did not go to plan, after he was forced to withdraw from the event after three rounds. Following his withdrawal, a clip of the 82-time PGA Tour on social media left a number of golf fans concerned after it appeared to show his leg buckling whilst practising around the chipping green. His struggles around Southern Hills have led to many speculating that Woods’ time as a professional golfer could well be over. After the video of leg buckle was uploaded to Twitter, one fan - @ChrisCvitanov - wrote: “As a fan I feel a retirement announcement is just days away. I appreciate the [goat] for making so many weekends epic. It’s been one hell of a ride and you are the best to ever play the game.” JUST IN: PGA Championship final leaderboard: Scores as Justin Thomas wins dramatic play-off Others however are staying more optimistic, and hope with some rest that the 15-time major champion can continue his career and win, as another fan - @tcookiee - wrote: “He shot a great round at Augusta and a 69 here. He just needs time to get it all together so he can string together a 4 day good score. This leg will heal and Tiger will win again.” Whether Woods does decide to call time on his career remains to be seen, however the American star has already confirmed the rest of his PGA Tour career will be a part-time one due to the effects of his injuries. His next outing is booked at next month’s US Open, before making a fairytale return to St Andrews in July for the 150th Open Championship - the course in which he has claimed two of his three claret jugs. DON'T MISSJustin Thomas hits out at PGA Championship over supporter treatment as golf fans disgustedTV reporter 'covered in blood' and hospitalised after wayward PGA Championship shotPhil Mickelson reputation ruined after historic PGA Championship win Despite entry into his home nation Open in June, there have been calls for the 46-year-old to skip an outing in Brookline, in order to prioritise a return to St Andrews. 2002 PGA Champion Rich Beem addressed the situation on Sky Sports, commenting: “I'm going to be selfish and say, 'Tiger, please don't go to the US Open' Please, go home and rehab that leg a little bit longer, because we want to see you over at The Open Championship in full form.” Beem continued: “Say he makes the cut at the US Open, that's four competitive rounds and at least 18, if not 27 holes of practice. Just go to The Open at St Andrews, it is the easiest of walks you're going to have." 