Manchester City forward Gabriel Jesus has been urged to take a risk and quit the Etihad Stadium to move to Arsenal. The 25-year-old has been tipped to leave the Citizens this summer after more than half a decade in the north west. Jesus was billed as the next big thing when Pep Guardiola signed him from Palmeiras at the start of 2017. And he scored seven goals in his first 10 Premier League games. But he hasn’t always been a regular in the City side during his time at the club. The Brazil international was seen as Sergio Aguero’s natural successor during the early stages of his Citizens career but has been utilised more as a winger since the legendary striker departed the club last summer. Earlier this month, City announced they had reached an agreement in principle to sign Erling Haaland from Borussia Dortmund. And Jesus could see his opportunities to lead the line recede further if he stays where he is. Arsenal are reportedly interested in landing the ace as they will be desperate for a striker this summer as Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah look set to depart the Gunners at the end of the season when their contracts expire. JUST IN: Conte responds to agent claim there's '60%' chance he stays at Spurs And former Brazil international Kleberson thinks Jesus should move to the Emirates Stadium. “Jesus now needs to leave City and Arsenal would be a great fit,” Kleberson said to the Daily Star. “Pep Guardiola likes him a lot and he’s very popular with the squad. But at certain times in your career, you must take risks and Jesus will want to play more. “The opportunity to go to Arsenal, get more minutes and have a big impact on the team could be a great chance for him. Arsenal have a lot of young players in the team and have Mikel Arteta as well as the Brazilian sporting director Edu who can help the transition go smoothly.” DON'T MISSMan Utd 'working on second deal as well as De Jong' with Ten Hag reaching out Erik ten Hag may be about to sign his own ‘Wesley Sneijder’ for Man Utd this summer Man Utd stars 'totally flat' before season finale after being left 'annoyed' by Rangnick     Jesus has become accustomed to fighting for trophies during his time at City and has won a plethora of silverware since joining the club. And Kleberson concedes the player would have to get used to going without honours if he does move to north London. “It would be a big change because City always challenge for titles,” the former midfielder added. “But Arsenal are still looking to get back to the performances in the days of Gilberto Silva, Thierry Henry and Patrick Viera. They’re still looking for the same success they had back then. At City he’s playing for titles whereas at Arsenal, he wouldn’t be playing in the big moments and challenging for titles.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 