Faith Dingle (played by Sally Dexter) once again contemplated her uncertain future in Friday's instalment of Emmerdale, with her daughter Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter) becoming suspicious about what her mother was hiding from her. Whilst the matriarch tried to skirt around the truth about her cancer, Zak Dingle (Steve Halliwell) was also having to contend with some trouble as Noah Dingle (Jack Downham) moved in with him to try and avoid his mother, Charity Dingle (Emma Atkins). However, a grim twist could see both leaders of the iconic family meeting their maker in different ways in future scenes on the ITV soap. The episode revolved around the Dingles as Noah went missing, leading the family to send out a search party but it was Belle Dingle (Eden Taylor-Draper) who found him. Still upset with his mother, Charity Dingle (Emma Atkins), for reporting him to the police for stalking Chloe Harris (Jessica Elland), he confided in Belle. She explained to him he had to face up to his actions and as a way of getting him on side, she said he could stay at Wishing Well cottage. Belle didn't check with the rest of the family until Noah was moved in and they weren't too happy to discover he was staying there. Despite Samson Dingle (Sam Hall) voicing his disapproval at the decision, Zak made the casting vote as he said the young man could stay. READ MORE: Coronation Street fans 'expose' Phill Whittaker's true identity But there were rules as Zak explained he wasn't going to forget what Noah had done and he wasn't to speak ill of Charity either. It seemed although he has become a less regular face in the village in recent years, Zak still had the power over the Dingle family. However, as he spends more time with Noah, he could do exactly what Charity has been doing and try to make him see the error of his ways. As Noah becomes frustrated he is being told what to do all the time, he could lash out and end up killing the soap stalwart. The authorities would arrest Noah as there would be no way of him getting out of this but the Dingles would have more pressing matters at hand as they would have to bid farewell to their leader. This could lead to a double tragedy as Faith could end up dying from secondary cancer around the same time as her former lover, Zak. Although she is being treated for the illness, she has been told by the doctors it is incurable and they are simply prolonging her life. Faith does not want her children or the rest of the village to find out about the cancer, with only Moira Barton (Natalie J Robb) and Wendy Posner (Susan Cookson) knowing the truth. As she spent more time with Moira in Friday's episode, Chas become suspicious of the pair and what they were hiding from her. Moira implored Faith to have the courage to tell her daughter but the latter explained in no uncertain terms was she going to reveal her secret. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Mark Charnock issues warning to fans on Facebook [COMMENT]Emmerdale star Ash Palmisciano pays tribute to ‘role model’ late mum [COMMENT]Emmerdale star Liam Fox shows off fairytale home with co-star wife [PICTURES] "Why do you have to make a joke of everything? It makes it harder for me to help you," Moira told Faith, wanting her to be serious for a moment. Faith replied: "Why do you have to keep going on about me having my lungs drained or starting my chemo again? You must know how that makes me feel." Moira commented: "You're scared." "Well, of course, I am. You think it will help to tell people so what, they can say how sorry they are when they are watching me dying?" the Dingle matriarch asked. Trying to offer her mother-in-law some reassurance, the farmer told her: "It wouldn't be like that," to which she hit back: "It would be for me." Faith continued: "It's alright for you lot, you can make plans about how you will cope with me not being around but there's no point in me doing that, is there? "Death is forever, Moira, I will just be a name on a tombstone and that is why I do not want to think about it. "I just want to put on my high heels and have some fun," she added, before rolling her eyes at Moira for making her go on about death. It seems ever more likely Faith's time in the village is going to come to an end very soon, but will she be leaving with Zak? The pair were lovers in the past, as they had an affair years before arriving in the village which resulted in the birth of their son, Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley). They have both had their issues with Cain in the past, with Faith still struggling to build a relationship with her son. It could be heartbreaking for him if he ends up losing both his parents within weeks, if not days of each other. He would feel immense guilt as he could have done nothing to stop it and being fiercely protective of his family, this would be hard for him to accept. Although his mother would die of cancer, would Cain want revenge on Noah, the boy he has seen as a son, for killing his father? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.