The Tory party is in disarray over Boris Johnson’s partygoing ways. His numerous scandals come at a crucial time in the election cycle, with the local elections just a week away. Now sources have warned disastrous results could push the Prime Minister out of Downing Street. Ahead of the local elections, the Tories are clawing for support as voting intention polls show a major lead for Labour. After the drama of the 'partygate' scandal, the invasion of Ukraine, and the cost of living crisis, voters will be heading to polling booths to expressing their take on the overall performance of the ruling party. The blame for the partygate saga has fallen squarely on the head of the Prime Minister, who was fined by the Metropolitan Police for attending a lockdown birthday party in his honour. But he remains in office despite repeated calls for his resignation - and a former frontbencher could be coming for Number 10. READ MORE: Is this the Government you voted for? Inside 5 broken Tory promises Former Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt ran against Mr Johnson to become party leader in 2019 but was unsuccessful. However, he could have his second shot according to betting markets. Smarkets head of political markets, Matthew Shaddick said: “Boris Johnson's prospects have taken a sharp turn for the worse over the last week according to the most recent trading at Smarkets. “Government attempts to prevent the PM being referred to the privileges committee have failed and speculation about the possible contents of the final Sue Gray report has not helped either. "Next week's local elections do not look very promising for the Conservatives either, and Johnson may well come under even more pressure if the betting is anything to go by. “The Tories look set to lose some notable contests in London and may well fall back into third place in Scotland.” Smarkets now has the Prime Minister on a 46 percent chance to leave his post in 2022, up from 33 percent last week. DON'T MISSMay local election polls: Major losses for Boris as voters hit back [INSIGHT]Do Tory councils really have lower council tax bills? Fact-checked [EXPLAINER]Is this the Government you voted for? Inside 5 broken Tory promises [ANALYSIS] Prior to his own fine for attending a lockdown party, Rishi Sunak had long been the frontrunner to take over from Mr Johnson. Liz Truss, who has gained significant popularity within political circles since her time as International Trade secretary, is just behind Mr Hunt in the race to replace Mr Johnson. However, her popularity only really extends to grassroots Tories and Brexit backers - not a wider sample of the electorate who could one day have to vote for her. Mr Shaddick continued: “As a result, the market on who'll replace him is hotting up and Jeremy Hunt has now taken over as favourite to be the next Tory leader. “Liz Truss has dropped back into second place with Ben Wallace, Tom Tugendhat and Penny Mordaunt following close behind in what looks a wide open race." Penny Mourdant, the current trade minister after taking over from Liz Truss, is not in the frontrunning but is popular among ‘red wall’ voters that feel particularly betrayed by Mr Johnson. Conservative chairman of the foreign affairs select committee Mr Tugendhat has been critical of the Government several times, and has already put himself forward to run for leader if there was an opportunity. Elsewhere, despite rumours that Mr Johnson could call an early election for 2023, Smarkets overwhelming predicts the next general election will take place in 2024 as scheduled.