Liverpool's Champions League final showdown with Real Madrid has been delayed by 30 minutes, having initially been delayed by 15. The game was due to start at 8pm. However, it'll now take place 30 minutes later than planned, at half 8, with fans having trouble getting into the Stade De France. UEFA confirmed in a statement that the match had to be pushed back due to 'fans arriving to the stadium late'. However, it became clear that fans were having trouble getting in with organisation seeming to be a major problem. Footage posted on social media also showed fans trying to storm into the ground, while security was slammed as 'shambolic' by Sky Sports pundit Kelly Cates. She said: "Absolutely shambolic at the Stade de France. No way in, no way of knowing which way to go. Stay safe if you’re heading in It has the potential to be very dangerous." It's since emerged police have used tear gas on fans outside the stadium as they look to get the situation under control. Jake Humphrey said on BT Sport: "We've just had a fan on stage here and he said that outside the ground it is absolutely horrendous and that tear gas has been used." THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz BBC journalist Nick Parrott revealed he was one of the people pepper sprayed outside. "I have just been pepper sprayed for the first time in my life. I have been to the Champions League final before and I have never been pepper sprayed before,” he said. "I was outside Gate Y which has been opening and closing repeatedly over the last hour and a half but nobody has been going through. The security staff on the other side advanced and sprayed pepper spray. "I have seen 10 fans trying to climb over fences. Gate Z is open but there does not seem to be any movement going in. I have never seen this sort of chaos at any match I have been to in a personal capacity. "The Liverpool fans are trying to move themselves back from these gates to try and get in but the authorities seem to be doing nothing. I came to get into the stadium at seven o'clock. "I got through the outer perimeter where there is crushing. I came round in good time and it was quite clear that we were not going to get in before nine o'clock." French outlet RMC Sport claimed beforehand that "hundreds" of fans had managed to get past security and into the stadium despite not having tickets for the match before riot police were called in. Fans were apparently forced to wait in huge queues outside the ground. It’s also been reported that Liverpool fans were, rather bizarrely, being shephered away from their seats to the Madrid end. The small entrance for ticket holders meant fans were bunched in, with supporters whistling in a tense atmosphere. Roads were closed in the capital by the French authorities prior to Saturday night’s fixture, causing traffic jams and also resulting in Liverpool’s team bus arriving late for the game. Rio Ferdinand said on BT Sport: "We don't know whats going on but all you can pray for is people's safety. You come to the Liverpool match to enjoy yourself - you don't expect dramas or to get hurt." Liverpool legend Steven Gerrard added: "That goes for both sets of supporters as well. You just hope there's no issues out there and everyone gets home safe." Liverpool were also struck with an injury scare prior to the contest. Thiago was hobbling in the build-up but, for now, starts the game. Steven Gerrard, speaking on BT Sport, opened up on the Spain international by saying: “Let’s hope he’s fit to play. “It’d be a shame if we’re not going to witness him playing tonight and I think it could be a big moment. “[Naby] Keita’s a different player, he gives Liverpool something different. Of course he’s fantastic as well, but I think the midfield battle will be key tonight. “You look at the midfield, Liverpool have to play with a certain level of control because they don’t want to be chasing all night. “Let's hope he’s fit, because he gives Liverpool that control in the middle.” And Rio Ferdinand said: “He doesn’t look like he’s moving perfectly, 100 per cent there, I’ve got to be honest and he doesn’t look too happy either. “At this stage, you can’t take chances. “You can’t take chances with fitness at this level.” 