Britney Spears, 40, has received the “devastating” news she has lost her baby with fiancee Sam Asghari. The couple, who had announced the pregnancy last month, shared the tragic news with fans in an Instagram post. Britney and Sam have asked fans to respect their privacy as they navigate the “difficult moment”. The couple released a joint statement on Instagram earlier this evening sharing the update with their followers. In view of her 41.1 million followers, Britney captioned the post: “We are grateful for what we have in the process of expanding our beautiful family. “Thank you for your support.” The statement read: “It is with our deepest sadness we have to announce that we have lost our miracle baby early in the pregnancy. “This is a devastating time for any parent. “Perhaps we should have waited to announce until we were further along however we were overly excited to share the good news. The couple went on: “Our love for each other is our strength. “We will continue trying to expand our beautiful family.” Britney and Sam finished the update: “We are grateful for all of your support. “We kindly ask for privacy during this difficult moment. Sam & Britney.” Fans of the Toxic singer inundated the post’s comments section with messages sending the couple their support. DON'T MISSJohnny Rotten responds to Madonna's NFT art on Piers Morgan show [LATEST]Nick Knowles addresses DIY SOS axe after BBC row over Shreddies advert [INSIGHT]Katie Piper has concerned call from bank after 'depressed' behaviour [NEWS] Melirose89 penned: “I’m so sorry Britney! I know how much you want another baby. It will happen.” Boomerangbop added: “Sending love, light and strength to you both.” Maryspopbritney wrote: “I am so sorry to both of you. “What a horrible loss. Praying for you!” Britney had previously revealed on social media that she was pregnant with her third baby, her first with Sam. She already has two sons, Sean Preston, 16, and Jayden James, 15, with her ex-husband Kevin Federline. Alongside a photo of some pink flowers on a table, Britney wrote: "I lost so much weight to go on my Maui trip only to gain it back  … I thought “Geez … what happened to my stomach ???” My husband said “No you’re food pregnant silly !!!” "So I got a pregnancy test … and uhhhhh well … I am having a baby  … 4 days later I got a little more food pregnant It’s growing !!! If 2 are in there … I might just loose it."