Cleaning star Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, garnered popularity after sharing her cleaning tips and recommendations on social media and TV. The cleaning enthusiast has managed to gain over 4.3 million followers on Instagram. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips in her name. On one such group, Rhona Kilgour asked Mrs Hinch fans: “Probably been asked a million times before but, how in god’s name do I get rid of this? “It’s doing my head in.” Rhona shared a photo of mould on a washing machine seal. The post was inundated with comments but the most suggested response was to use soda crystals. Fiona Hamilton said: “Had the same problem. “Got rid of a little with a concoction of white vinegar, soda crystals and bleach.” READ MORE: How to get rid of moths using white vinegar Maureen Huggan replied: “Half a bag of soda crystals in the drum and put it through the hottest wash. “It cleans all the pipes as well.” Ann Van Praag wrote: “I’d put bleach on a cloth and leave it to soak. “Then put the machine on a rinse and spin. “I now add a couple of teaspoons of soda crystals to each wash and it hasn’t come back.”  DON'T MISSWallis Simpson's interiors in old home in Windsor are 'a nightmare' [INSIGHT]‘Should do the trick’: ‘Best’ way to unblock a sink without chemicals [UPDATE]Tomatoes: How to avoid ‘total plant death’ from ‘late spring frosts’ [ANALYSIS] Charlene Eardley said: “Soda crystals and white vinegar in a boiling wash.” Wilko Original Soda Crystals cost £1.50. Dri Pak Fine Soda Crystals are 80p from Sainsbury’s. DP Soda Crystals are also available from Morrisons for £1.10. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans include using mould removal sprays, bleach, hand sanitiser and dishwasher tablets. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Liz Loftus said: “Antibacterial spray and a cloth. “Dry out the rubber after every time you are finished with the machine to prevent it occurring.” Diane Whiteley commented: “Mould spray around seal. “Dishwasher tablets, 60C wash, wipe around seal after and it should be okay.” Marlene Smith wrote: “Tuck a thick piece of kitchen roll soaked in bleach into the rubber seal and leave for a while - even overnight if necessary.”  Jo Ryder suggested: “You are better getting an actual mould and mildew remover. “The Astonish one is good. Would not recommend bleach, it degrades rubber and plastic.” Angie Arnold said: “I use wipes and hand sanitiser.” Geraldine Grehan commented: “To clean out washing machine, put two dishwasher tablets in the drum and put on. “Then put machine on hot wash, clean out your machine.”