House prices in the UK rose by more than 10 percent last year, the fastest growth rate in 15 years. The price of an average home in the UK hit a record high of £254,822 in December, according to data published by Nationwide building society. Average earnings, in contrast, rose by 4.9 percent in the year to last October, according to the Office for National Statistics. The rental market, meanwhile, is feeling the effects of increased demand for high-quality rental homes. The pandemic has caused individuals to be more interested in their own space, as property expert Bruna Pani from We Buy Any House told Express.co.uk that prices are at a 13-year high. The crisis is only being worsened by the appeal of AirBnB to landlords. Properties are increasingly being listed on the online marketplace that primarily provides holiday rentals, making it even more difficult for people looking for a long-term or medium-term residence. READ MORE: Family 'told it's their fault they are in tiny flat' to fight council YouTuber Evan Edinger bounced between different AirBnBs while waiting for the house buying process to complete. He offered an insight into just how much, or rather how little, £2,000 per month gets you in London. Among the alarming rooms on offer were a sofa bed and small chair, at £38 per night. This amounts to more than £1100 per month. Mr Edinger questioned whether upping the budget might ensure renters are staying in a nice place. He found another property, or rather a room, in Kensington at £73 per night, or £2190 per month. While initial pictures of shared living areas were impressive, with a nice living room and a dining area that looked to be a restaurant, the bedroom failed to live up to expectations. Reminiscent of a student digs bedroom, Mr Edinger described it as a “depressing, little single bed in a hallway” with a small TV that you would “need a magnifying glass” to watch. Mr Edinger said: “Would you like to go on holiday to a beautiful destination, or would you rather stay two to three nights at this little hellhole in Kensington?” DON'T MISS:‘Useful during energy crisis’: Save £426 on bills over two years [INSIGHT]Homeowners can add 20% to the value of their home with £75 hack [ADVICE]Radiators should be bled ‘every few weeks’ in winter - guide [INSIGHT] He added: “Would you like to sleep in a hallway? Now you can, welcome to London. £73 a night, £2000 a month to sleep in a hallway.” Mr Edinger did, however, add that he was paying around £45 per night for a sizable double bedroom in the Isle of Dogs. A similar sized room on flat-sharing service SpareRoom would likely have cost him less than £1,000, but medium-term lets on these sites are much harder to come by. The Government recently announced a crackdown on short-term holiday lets. MPs in popular holiday destinations, as well as north of the border in Edinburgh, have voiced concerns that locals are being driven out due to a lack of rental properties. According to ST News, Edinburgh is home to around a third of all short-term lets in Scotland, with thousands of properties in the city no longer used for residential purposes. The Scottish Government confirmed last week that any property being used as a holiday rental, including AirBnBs, must apply for a license from local authorities by April 2023 in order to operate. The Department for Levelling Up, fronted by Michael Gove, earlier this month announced a tax crackdown on second home owners who “pretend” to let their properties out. From April 2023, properties must be rented out for at least 70 days a year to qualify for business rates under the new rules. During a Commons debate, Tory MP for the Isle of Wight Bob Seely said the village of Seaview had been “effectively stripped out of permanent life” with 82 percent of properties being second homes. Levelling Up Secretary Mr Gove said: “The Government backs small businesses, including responsible short-term letting, which attracts tourists and brings significant investment to local communities. “However, we will not stand by and allow people in privileged positions to abuse the system by unfairly claiming tax relief and leaving local people counting the cost.” An Airbnb spokesperson told Express.co.uk that they have led calls for a UK registration system, which would help local authorities regulate home sharing. They are also calling for new planning guidance that distinguishes between commercial and non-commercial activity, and would allow local authorities to grant permission, or alternatively restrict activity in a more transparent way. The spokesperson added: “The majority of UK Hosts share space in their own home, and around 1 in 3 say that the additional income is an economic lifeline. We take housing concerns seriously and are clear that there is no place for unscrupulous landlords on Airbnb. “We want to be good partners to communities and have already put forward proposals for a host registration system that is being taken forward by the UK government, and we have committed to investigating concerns brought to our attention on the illegal eviction of tenants.”