The news comes as the President cracks down on false information and anti-Kremlin rhetoric following the invasion of southern neighbour Ukraine. So stringent has control over news and information become, new laws were passed forbidding Russians from spreading false news about the war, resulting in multiple media outlets seeing staff walkout.  With Wikipedia, Putin has now considered introducing a domestic alternative to the popular online information hub which can be edited by almost anyone.Speaking of the move during a meeting with Maxim Dreval, CEO of the state-sponsored Znanie Foundation, Putin laid out his rationale. He said: “Objective, useful, thought-through, but also beautifully and masterfully presented information is in high demand because it is impossible to use Wikipedia alone.” The foundation headed by Mr Dreval is tasked with improving Russia’s civil society and educational output. One of its key projects, “The League of Lecturers,” aims to give government officials and other prominent figures a platform for educating young Russians.In the same meeting, Mr Dreval told Putin the collective knowledge of Znanie-approved lecturers is “forming the knowledge base that is already becoming an alternative to Wikipedia.”  Fears are now mounting that the move could see Wikipedia become one of the many banned websites in Russia. Others include the BBC, Deutsche Welle and Radio Free Europe. Russia has repeatedly complained that Western media organisations offer a partial – and often anti-Russian – view of the world while failing to hold their own leaders to account for devastating foreign wars such as Iraq, and corruption. Russia’s state communications regulator Roskmnadzor on Tuesday issued a warning to Wikipedia asking the platform to delete “unreliable information” about the “special operation in Ukraine.”  READ MORE:Putin humiliated as Ukraine claims 409ft frigate 'sunk by missile' Writing on the highly popular messaging app Telegram, Roskmnadzor said: “Authors of articles published on Wikipedia deliberately misinform users by posting clearly untruthful information.” Plans are now in place to create an alternative by the year 2023.  DON'T MISS:Boris hammered by Britons as he abandons Brexit plan [OPINION]Virgin Atlantic fury over untrained pilot [REVEAL]EasyJet horror: Woman threatens flights [REPORT] The focus was shifted onto Wikipedia after Wikipedia failed to delete information on the war from its Russian edition that strays from the Kremlin’s approved narrative, including estimates from the Ukrainian government on the death toll among Russian troops and Ukrainian civilians. Wikipedia and YouTube are among the only places where Russians can access war information defying the Kremlin’s strict censorship laws after Russia blocked Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. Both Wikipedia and YouTube have continued to allow information on their platforms in Russia despite repeated threats from the government. The costs of creating a Russian version of the site are said to be around £21.05million (1.7billion rubles) but have yet to see the project come to completion, having believed to have been started in 2014. Wikipedia has been contacted by Express.co.uk for comments on the news. 