Writing on Twitter, Mr Peston said that Sue Gray’s long-awaited report into the lockdown breaking parties in Downing Street will be published this week. Mr Peston added that "for the first time" a report by a Cabinet office official will contain photographs which could mean the "stakes" for the PM are very high.  He said: "For the first time I can remember, a report by a Cabinet office official will contain photos. "The Sue Gray report, when published this week, will - I understand - contain photos of the Downing St parties. "The stakes for PM and Cabinet Sec Case very high indeed." It comes as Ms Gray puts the finishing touches to her report on the lockdown breaking parties after the deadline passed for the individual's she plans to name to raise objections.  The Metropolitan Police recently finished their investigation into the rule breaking social gatherings at Downing Street last Thursday after issuing 126 Fixed Penalty Notices. One former Tory minister told The Guardian that the fact that Mr Johnson had only been fined once would ease pressure on him. However, they added that the PM wasn't yet safe. They said: "I wouldn’t have thought the PM is out of the woods until the summer recess. READ MORE: Fury erupts at US Brexit threats as UK faces being 'two-tiered'  "There are lots of things that could still go wrong." It comes after Education Secretary Nadhim Zahawi struggled to explain to Sky News if Mr Johnson had met Ms Gray during the investigation process. He said: "I don’t know the details of all the meetings that happen at No 10. "What I do know is that the Prime Minister has never intervened in the investigation that Sue Gray has conducted. DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE Full protocol implementation would mean 'economic tsunami' [REVEAL] Boris Johnson was handed blueprint to fix biggest Brexit crisis [INSIGHT] Boris 'still blamed for Brexit!' blasts London Tory amid Partygate row [SPOTLIGHT]  "He’s always wanted her to go wherever the evidence takes her. "I’ve worked with Sue Gray, I’ve known Sue Gray. "I know she has the highest level of professionalism, and her integrity is unquestionable. She didn’t pull her punches in her first report. "Meetings happen every day, my diary’s full of meetings. "You can ask me a question: ‘Who put this meeting in my diary?’ … it will have gone in my diary because someone in my team would have thought this is the right thing to do." 