As summer nears, more and more time is spent in the garden, so keeping your lawn looking its best is key. After frost, heavy rain and general wear and tear often lawns can develop bare or brown patches and look unsightly. However, this can be fixed with one key technique - overseeding. Overseeding will ensure your lawn gets back to its lush green best in just a few weeks. By overseeding your lawn, The Grass People explain you will repair any damage to your lawn, and it will "give you a fresh canvas to work from." The best time to overseed your lawn is during the spring or autumn when the lawn temperature is between 8C and 10C. First, you'll need to make sure you've weeded your lawn either with a weedkiller or by hand. Read More: 'Approach carefully' How to get neighbours to turn the music down However, The Grass People warn: "Be aware you will need to weed the grass by hand as using weed killer and sowing new seed on the same day is a bad idea as the new grass could be damaged" Next, get rid of any stones or obstructions - if you have pets get rid of any mess they may have left behind. Mow your lawn on a low setting if you can, until blades are around 25mm in length. Make sure your lawn is free of moss by scarifying it. This will also help you overseed by loosening the soil. And finally, before you overseed your lawn, The Grass People recommends using quick-release fertiliser. Using a fertiliser will "give your lawn the quick boost it needs in preparation for reseeding." You should: "Apply fertiliser evenly on an overcast day or in the evening when it’s not too hot." Do this "to avoid grass blade burning". You can then begin to overseed your lawn, following the key steps below. DON'T MISS'Organic' homemade weed killers that won't harm your soil [INSIGHT]Megan McCubbin details simple tips to encourage wildlife in gardens [EXPLAINED]Monty Don on what to do if ants ‘attack’ apple trees - 'don't spray' [ANALYSIS] First, make sure your lawn is mown to approximately 25mm in length. Next, moisten the soil - making sure there's even coverage and the grass isn't soaked. You can then begin to sprinkle grass seed over your lawn, making sure to be as even as possible - focusing on any bare patches or thinner areas. The Grass People recommend sprinkling at a rate of 35g per square metre, increasing to 50g per square metre for patchy areas. Try not to let the seed sit on the soil's surface, as this makes it easy prey for birds and squirrels. After you've seeded your lawn, water it little and often. The experts say watering every day "until your new grass is established" is key, especially if no rain is forecast. Try and keep the lawn undisturbed for around two weeks, as this will allow new growth to flourish. When you next mow your lawn, aim for around 50mm in length and take care when mowing over new growth.