Jada Pinkett Smith spoke candidly in a preview for this week's Facebook Watch series, Red Table Talk, as the actress explained she was raised to have a stiff upper lip and get over her problems when growing up. Will Smith's wife admitted this forced her to develop a "strong" exterior but underneath she is just a "terrified little girl". The 50-year-old has opened up about her own early life and the confusing feelings she felt as a child, adding she "bottled up" what she was really feeling. The Set It Off actress said she believed this approach to life held her back and left her unable to fully process the pressures of life. As a result of her experience, Jada said a "terrified little girl" resides inside her. The mum-of-two was hosting an episode titled How Destructive Mothers Damage Their Daughters: Could This Be You? READ MORE: Kate Moss says Johnny Depp 'didn't push me' Jada was joined by her daughter Willow, 21, and the actress' mother, Adrienne Banfield-Norris, and the self-help author Kelly McDaniel. She began: “I had to deal with a lot of stressful, adult things at a young age. I didn’t have the ability to deal with the emotions that were coming with it. “I just had to 'buck up’. "And so those women you see that you think are so strong, there's this terrified little girl underneath. And that's me.”  As the panel sat in silence, Jada welled up as she tried to fight back the tears. Willow emphatically said: “Oh mummy. I mean, this is why we do the work.” While Kelly offered: “It’s part of the journey.” Jada revealed that it took Willow's struggles with anxiety to realize that she suffered from that as well when she was growing up. DON'T MISS... 'Unbelievably grim' Dan Walker reacts to Texas school shooting[LATEST]Katie Price pleads guilty to breaching restraining order[TRIAL]Bella Hadid goes braless in a plunging curve-hugging black dress[PICTURES] "It took me a long time to understand Willow. I mean, just her anxiety," she went on. "I had a really difficult time relating, because, two things — her lifestyle and how she was brought up very different than mine — I don't know what it's like to be a child under hot lights." Jada added: "And then just, really not knowing how to comfort her, not knowing what help she needed, not understanding the behavior." The candid admission comes just weeks after her husband Will was embroiled in controversy. The Oscar-winning actor took to the stage and slapped comedian Chris Rock for making a joke about his wife at the award ceremony on March 20. Jada had shared last year how she had shaved her hair following a battle with alopecia. Will took to the stage and slapped Chris before telling him to not speak his wife’s name. He could be heard shouting from his seat: “Keep my wife’s name out your f***ing mouth.” The actor has since apologised for his actions.