Amazon has just confirmed when its next Prime Day sale will be taking place. And for the third time in as many years the online retail giant has shaken up when the Prime Day event will be going live. After holding Prime Day in October during 2020, and then in June in 2021 this year Prime Day will be taking place in July. Amazon confirmed the news in its latest financial results which were released earlier this week. Unfortunately, Amazon didn't confirm an exact date for Prime Day 2022, simply giving a brief statement on the event which said: "This year, Prime Day will take place in July in more than 20 countries. "During Amazon’s annual shopping event, Prime members will be able to save on products from national brands and small businesses across every category." While this is yet another change to when Prime Day is being held, this latest change actually brings the sale in line to its traditional timing. Prior to the coronavirus pandemic, Prime Day was held on an annual basis in July.  The event, which as the name suggests offers exclusive discounts to Amazon Prime members, was first launched on July 15 2015 as a way to mark what was then Amazon's 20th birthday. In the years that followed Prime Day was held around a similar date, with the 2016 event taking place on July 12, and then the 2017 event happening on July 11, with the 2018 edition falling on July 16 and then the 2019 sales happening on July 15. The 2019 Prime Day was the first time that the sales were held for two days, with this likely to continue once again this year. Outside of the Black Friday and Cyber Monday sales, Prime Day is the best time of the year for Amazon customers to grab a bargain. If you're not already a Prime customer then you can simply take advantage of a 30 day free trial that Amazon offers for the service.  To ensure your trial runs when Prime Day takes place we'd advise you sit back and wait until July 2022 before activating your free 30 day trial. Once you're ready to sign up for a free Amazon Prime membership click here to head to the page you need to visit. Besides being eligible for the Prime Day discounts, you'll also be able to take advantage of the many perks the Prime service offers. This includes speedy Prime delivery, access to the huge library of boxsets and movies included with Prime Video, the ability to stream a library of around two million songs with Amazon Music Prime plus much more. If you realise you want to continue using the Amazon Prime service after your trial is up the good news is with past high-profile sales Amazon has offered Prime membership at a reduced price. So during Prime Day 2022 you may be able to get a year's worth of access at a lower than usual price. 