Meghan Markle and Prince Harry are set to visit the UK to attend the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations over the June bank holiday weekend. The couple’s plans have attracted much attention as the event will be the country’s first public royal appearance made by the couple in over two years. Psychologist, Dr Arthur Cassidy, suggested Meghan Markle will be pressured to align with royal tradition during the ceremonies and claimed her husband, Prince Harry, would expect her to properly represent the Royal Family. Speaking to GB News, Dr Cassidy said: “There are many issues here surrounding this proposed visit of Harry and Meghan.”   The psychologist suggested attempts by Meghan to shun royal tradition would stain the event set to honour 70 years of the Queen’s reign. Dr Cassidy continued: “That would be very ungracious because this is the Queen’s Jubilee celebrations. “It is a place where Meghan will have to conform as a member of the Royal Family.” In his analysis of Meghan Markle’s previous behaviour, he claimed: “She is not noted for her conformity.”    Dr Cassidy continued: “She will only curtsy to the Queen, she will not go along and conform to royal protocol or comply to that. “That is not what we expect from this.” The psychologist, who is a self-proclaimed expert on “profiling royalty” suggested Prince Harry would have already intervened to ensure Meghan does not disturb royal proceedings. He said: “I would have expected that Prince Harry will have taken the role here and will have said look I’m your husband, do what I tell you, you are part of the royal family, what would Diana have expected of you [Meghan] under the circumstances?” Read more: Harry and Meghan face public 'hostility' from Platinum Jubilee crowds Dr Cassidy warned the British public would not be receptive to any attempt by the couple to disrupt the Jubilee celebrations. He said: “By the way, they have generated quite a lot of hostility from the public attitudes. “They’ve dropped right down the scale, 81 percent are saying, at the moment, no more public money, they should not be funded. “Also, three out of five are saying look, lose your titles or stop using them.” Don't miss:Meghan's 'political gesture' analysed - 'First Lady' mannerism exposed [ANALYSIS]Royal Family LIVE: Monarchy in crisis ahead of Jubilee, poll suggests [POLL RESULTS]Prince Harry's 'baffling failure' to support Meghan's father blasted [REPORT] A YouGov survey conducted for The Sun back in 2020, when the couple had announced their plans to step back from royal duties, revealed 81 percent of respondents believed the couple should not receive any public money once they moved to America. The couple's return to the UK has become a highly divisive matter as there are concerns Prince Harry and Meghan’s arrival will detract attention from the Queen. There has also been speculation that Prince Harry and Meghan may use the Jubilee as a tool to produce content for their documentary as part of their controversial deal with streaming giant Netflix. It has already been confirmed that the couple will not be present in the historic balcony appearance as part of the Trooping the Colour parade as the event has been restricted to working royals only.   