Manchester United’s and Sam Johnstone both believe they are not the perfect fit, handing Tottenham an advantage in the race to sign the West Brom man. Former Red Devils star Johnstone had been linked with a return to Old Trafford this summer but it now seems unlikely to happen. Johnstone is set to leave Championship West Brom when his contract expires at the end of June. The Baggies have been unable to reach the play-offs despite replacing Valerien Ismael with Steve Bruce earlier this year. According to the Mirror, Johnstone is concerned about a lack of game time at United, while the club - who face a big rebuild under Erik ten Hag - do not feel their goalkeeper department needs upgrading. That is despite the 25-year-old Henderson angling for a move in January. The United No 2 was dislodged by De Gea at the start of the season and has made only three appearances this season. JUST IN: Arsenal and Man Utd learn Ruben Neves transfer 'preference' Spurs need better competition and a long-term replacement for Hugo Lloris. The Frenchman will turn 36 midway through next season. Second-choice Pierluigi Gollini has hardly impressed in his rare appearances. Johnstone would be a clear upgrade on the Italian, who is on loan from Atalanta. United’s stance means Spurs could get a free run on the three-times Three Lions international. Ralf Rangnick has already insisted that the Red Devils need to prioritise upgrading in other positions ahead of next season. England star Johnstone started his career with United, rising through the academy system. However, he failed to make an appearance for the club’s first team and parted ways in 2018 following a series of loan spells. DON'T MISS... Tevez’s reason for quitting Man Utd for Man City as Pogba repeat onErik ten Hag's stance on Paul Pogba as Man City eye Man Utd starMourinho had blunt take when quizzed about Pogba leaving for Man City The former Aston Villa and Preston loanee has been linked with a move back to United in a bid to provide more competition to David de Gea and Dean Henderson. The Premier League side also have Tom Heaton on their books. But a switch now looks unlikely and has opened the door for Spurs to negotiate with Johnstone. Discussing United’s summer transfer priorities, Rangnick told Sky Sports last week: “Apart from goalkeeping where we have three excellent goalkeepers in Tom Heaton, Dean Henderson and David de Gea, in all other areas there will be players leaving the club. “I wouldn’t put focus on special areas of the pitch – it should go through the whole team. It’s obvious quite a few players will leave and there is a need for top-quality players. I strongly believe that if everyone works together, we can bring Man Utd back to where we need to be. “Other clubs only needed two or three transfer windows to challenge but from now on we need to bring in top-quality players who really help raise the level. If this happens then I don’t think it should take too long.”