Manchester United have a replacement for Edinson Cavani as one of their top priorities for this summer’s transfer window. However, it’s also been claimed the Red Devils will be ‘disciplined’ with their spending this summer. And with so many areas of their squad in need of reinforcing, it’s possible they’ll have to be frugal as they look to rebuild in the wake of a dire campaign under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. Manchester United convinced Cavani to stay at Old Trafford a year ago. The Uruguay international looked destined to leave the club, having grown frustrated at being behind Anthony Martial in the pecking order. However, after an end to the season where Cavani rose to the fore, the veteran then decided to stay put. Now, however, the former Paris Saint-Germain and Napoli striker is ready to leave with clubs from South America and La Liga showing interest. United will need to fill the void left behind by Cavani’s imminent departure, especially given the uncertainty over fellow forwards Anthony Martial and Mason Greenwood at present. So Express Sport will now take a look at four cheap options for the Red Devils can pursue worth £35million or less. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Paulo Dybala cut an emotional figure after Juventus’ 2-2 draw with Lazio on Monday. The Argentina international is set to leave Turin behind, having been at the club ever since arriving from Palermo back in the summer transfer window of 2015. Dybala has been a big asset during his time with Juventus but is now choosing to pursue a new challenge elsewhere. United have long been admirers, with interest in the 28-year-old dating back to when Louis van Gaal ruled the roost. He’d cost nothing in terms of a fee, which represents a good opportunity to add a world-class player to their squad. That said, Inter Milan appear to be frontrunners for the striker at the current moment in time. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Back in January, Newcastle were the likeliest to sign Reims star Hugo Ekitike. The 19-year-old didn’t end up moving to St James’ Park, however, which gives United a window to act. Ekitike has scored nine goals from 23 Ligue 1 games this term, clocking up three assists along the way. United apparently recently launched an enquiry about the youngster’s availability as they hunt for a Cavani successor. A fee of £12.8m has been floated which, given his immense talent and potential, would make him a bargain in today’s inflated world. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz United have raided Arsenal twice over the past decade. Robin van Persie touched down from the Gunners back in 2012, with the Netherlands international then propelling the Red Devils to Premier League title glory. And, in January 2018, United again raided their rivals for the signing of Alexis Sanchez - with Henrikh Mkhitaryan heading to north London as part of the arrangement. As things stand, Arsenal are primed to lose Eddie Nketiah for free despite his impressive showings of late. And while there would be big pressure on him at United, the 22-year-old would offer speed and directness to Erik ten Hag’s frontline. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here When Sebastien Haller joined Ajax, he’d previously encountered a troublesome spell in the Premier League with West Ham. Yet the Ivory Coast international has become rejuvenated in Amsterdam, becoming a key figure for Ten Hag in the process. Any potential suitors for the 27-year-old would have to spend £35m in order to lure him away from the Johan Cruyff Arena. And given he’s scored 21 league goals from 31 games, that would make him a tempting option for many top clubs. United would potentially have the edge, however, given the way Haller has dazzled under Ten Hag at Ajax.