Kate Middleton, 40, looked like a Hollywood star on Thursday night in her Roland Mouret black and white bardot dress. The tight-fitting gown hugged the Duchess of Cambridge perfectly as she dazzled onlookers with her outfit. The bardot dress, from Roland Mouret, was accompanied by star earrings from Robinson Pelham. Royal fashion fans have since noticed Kate's dress is not exactly the same as the original design. In fact, it is believed, the Duchess had the back altered to create a more modest look.  Some of the clothes Kate has previously worn have been altered to remove revealing necklines or sexy slits. Last night, Kate’s dress had been altered to make it more modest for the royal engagement. The off-the-shoulder black and white dress by Roland Mouret originally featured two sheer mesh panels at the back, either side of a very long gold zip. The description for the dress online reads: “Cut from sculpting stretch-crepe, this elegant design is darted at the waist and hips to create a beautiful hourglass silhouette. “We love the unexpected sheer mesh panel at the back.' Photographs taken from the Top Gun: Maverick premiere show the back of Kate’s dress as a solid panel of black, and no visible zip. The rest of the dress was the same design as the original.  Despite the subtle change, the elegant ensemble has proved a smash hit among fashion fans of the royal. Data analysts at Love the Sales noted a rise in fashion demand the following morning. According to the research, there was a 263 percent surge in fashion demand for ‘bardot dresses’, compared to the prior 24 hours. Kate also caused a 152 percent rise in fashion demand for ‘black and white dresses’, compared to the prior 24 hours. Similarly, there was a 100 percent rise in fashion demand for ‘star earrings’ to match the Duchess’. Finally, there was a 68 percent increase in fashion demand for ‘black clutch bags’. Daniel O’Farrell, a bespoke jeweller, diamond expert and founder of DC Jewellery has commented exclusively to Express.co.uk on the research. He said: “Everyone’s favourite Duchess wowed yet again at the premiere of Top Gun: Maverick.   “So much so that she reportedly caused a 263 percent surge in demand for bardot dresses this morning.” What were the details of Kate’s outfit? The expert explained: “Kate looked dreamy in a slick black and white Roland Mouret Lamble off-the-shoulder bardot dress. “She accessorised with her black ‘Wavy Cutout Pumps’ by Prada and a black Alexander McQueen ‘Beetle Box’ clutch.  “To top it all off, she accessorised with a pair of sensational diamond-studded star motif earrings described as the ‘Tsar Star Studs and Drops’, by Robinson Pelham, worth a massive £10,560. “Her chic centre-parted hair, bold eyeliner, defined brows and shimmering skin added a fitting old Hollywood glam touch to her look.” Roland Mouret said that he wants any woman wearing one of his designs to “feel the thought and time I have lavished onto her when she slips on one of my dresses. “She feels special.”  In terms of hair and makeup, the Duchess opted for the straight 1970's tucked-behind-the-ears look, which she has been wearing recently. Her makeup was classic, but with a slightly darker eye than normal. Tom Cruise and Prince William were both marvelling at Kate during the premiere. This was the first joint engagement of William and Kate since their trip to Scotland over a week ago. 