Research from MrQ has found the world’s most complained about attractions by analysing thousands of Tripadvisor reviews. The attractions that made the list had the highest percentage of one and two star reviews. READ MORE: Flight attendant explains 'how to ask' for free upgrade - 'I'd give' Although the Hollywood Walk of Fame was the most complained about attraction in the world, Stonehenge made the top three. One disgruntled reviewer wrote on Tripadvisor: “Great people but it’s just an over glorified pile of rocks. Bad weather.” Another said: “You are kept well away behind a wire with officious guards that stop anyone from stepping on the sacred grass.” However, although Stonehenge might not be to everyone’s tastes, it has many more positive reviews than negative. One visitor said: “This was my first visit to Stonehenge, even though it’s only a couple of hours from me. “This iconic world heritage site is well worth the visit, from the informative visitors centre to seeing the magnificent stones themselves.” Big Ben was the second worst rated attraction in the UK. The famous clock tower has been undergoing renovations for the last four years. The Elizabeth Tower, or Big Ben, was released from its scaffolding in April and can now be viewed by visitors to London. One negative reviewer said: “There are people who think of Big Ben in grand terms. It is a tower with a clock. Security people with guns are rude.” Despite the negative reviews, some visitors were impressed with the world famous clock tower. A visitor said: “I can’t come to London without coming to see the Houses of Parliament and this incredible, British icon.” The Royal Family might be a little disappointed to hear that Buckingham Palace also made the top 10 most complained about attractions in the world. Meanwhile, the British Museum was one of the only attractions in the UK to make the top 10 least complained about attractions. The iconic museum is currently running an exhibition on Stonehenge until July 17 which promises to reveal the “secrets of Stonehenge”.