Strictly Come Dancing finalist and YouTube sensation Joe Sugg has shared his predictions on the upcoming series of the BBC ballroom competition. The 30-year-old, who is the voice of the show's podcast, has spoken exclusively to Express.co.uk about the milestone 20th series airing later this year. Joe, who is the narrator of the YouTube history programme Corpse Talk, recently opened up about his new show as well as the highly-anticipated return of Strictly Come Dancing. Many Strictly fans will remember Joe from the 2018 series of the competition where he danced his way into the final with Dianne Buswell. They were in touching distance of the prestigious Glitterball Trophy but documentary maker Stacey Dooley and Kevin Clifton beat them to it. Following the series, Joe became the narrator of the show's popular podcast which he hopes to be part of again later this year. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Jacob Hay involved in Underworld takeover Discussing his partner Dianne returning for Strictly 2022, he said: “I think she is super excited about it as it is the 20th year. “I think it could be the first year back - I don’t know if it is or not - but I would like to think because of the current situation the world’s in that it is going to be a year where things to feel a bit more back to normal as well. “It’s perfect timing in a way for the 20th series so I am hoping Blackpool is returning and I am hoping we are going to see an audience in the ballroom again and I know it is going to be great to see. “I am super excited to watch it again and get behind them all."  Last year, the Blackpool show was cancelled due to the coronavirus pandemic and the same applied to the previous year. The BBC first started filming Strictly Blackpool Week back in 2004, with the special becoming a highlight of the programme until 2019. Traditionally, the final seven couples have headed to Blackpool Tower Ballroom to film the special instalment of the competition. The remainder of the series is filmed at Elstree Studios, which is based in Hertfordshire. DON'T MISS...Strictly's Joe Sugg opens up on changes to series 'Hope it returns' [EXCLUSIVE]Strictly's Dianne Buswell breaks down in tears over show farewell [LATEST]Gorka Marquez talks 'ruining' Joe Sugg's day at Katya's birthday bash [INSIGHT] Joe added: “Once you get on the show you get to know everyone so well. "It’s like going back to Elstree Film Studios is like going back to meet old school friends, it’s a really nice feeling. “It’s not just with the professional [dancers] it’s with everyone who works on the show as you get to know these people so well as you go throughout the show." The YouTube star's calendar has been very busy since his stint on Strictly ended and his latest project is aimed at children interested in history.  Joe described the animated show, called Corpse Talk, as "educational" and "great for young kids". “Also, I think the adults will enjoy it as well," He added. "If people are familiar with my work they should check it out. “There are 13 seven-minute episodes so you can binge it if you like - everyone has seven minutes in their life." Corpse Talk is available exclusively on the Cartoons For Kids YouTube Channel and Strictly Come Dancing 2022 will air later this year. 