PIP is designed to help people with the extra costs of daily living or moving around as a result of a long-term illness, mental health condition or physical or learning disability. However many people are put off claiming this essential benefit because they do not know if they are eligible or have heard negative stories about the application process. As the cost of living crisis continues, it may be beneficial now more than ever for people to ensure they are claiming all the benefits they are entitled to. There are over 2.9 million people across the UK claiming support through PIP, with just over one in three claimants (35 percent) receiving the highest level of award, according to the latest figures released by the DWP on January 31, 2022. The figures also showed that new claims are currently taking 22 weeks to complete, from registration to a decision being made and award letter being received so Britons are encouraged to start as soon as possible. PIP is a disability benefit paid by the DWP to anyone under state pension age who has trouble carrying out certain tasks. READ MORE: 'It's barely enough now!' Thousands worse off as DWP moves millions to Universal Credit Some PIP applicants are able to claim both the daily living and mobility components of the disability payment. If someone qualifies for PIP, they will also receive a Christmas bonus which is £10 each year. This is paid automatically and it does not affect any other benefits which one may receive. As part of a new claim or an award review - Britons may be invited to a PIP assessment. It could be in-person, over the phone or by video call. The PIP assessment is an opportunity for someone to talk about how their condition affects them - it's not a diagnosis of their condition or a medical examination. The DWP will take into consideration evidence from the assessment to decide if someone should be awarded PIP. A health professional will carry out an assessment, write a report and send it to the DWP decision maker. People can talk about:  During the telephone assessment Britons may be asked to describe how they complete simple tasks such as preparing and cooking food, getting washed and dressed and how they move around outside the home. People should not rush to respond as they are looking at one’s claim form and asking the same questions they have already answered. When answering questions, people should always try to explain how doing something would make them feel afterwards and any impact it had. The DWP has published updated guidance on attending an assessment, which people can find on their GOV.UK website. 