The issue was highlighted last week as VW announced they had ‘sold out’ of all new electric models until some time in 2023. The war in Ukraine, issues caused by the Covid 19 pandemic and a shortage of parts are all contributing to the issue. This morning, Duncan Tait, CEO of vehicle distribution company Inchcape spoke to Radio 4 about the problem. He said: “So this is a global issue, you have an imbalance between supply and demand. “It started about two years ago, so it's a multi-year issue. “It started with semiconductors, but the whole supply chain is running hot. READ MORE: Drivers furious over sunglasses rule that can land £5,000 fine “There's a lack of shipping, there is COVID (which has affected) the supply chain in much of Asia. “Ukraine has impacted supply because wiring harnesses are supplied from Ukraine to OEMs or automotive production companies. “And then finally the sanctions on Russia are reducing the supplies of nickel which are used in EV batteries. The issues are so bad that initial estimates as to when things would get back to normal are having to be revised. DON'T MISSDriver solves mystery after receiving multiple unknown parking fines [MYSTERY]Elderly drivers 'put off by the cost' of electric cars despite car ban [INTERESTING]‘Legalised theft’ Driver 'baffled' after he received £100 parking fine [OUTRAGEOUS] Mr Tait added: “Talking to our automotive production partners around the world, they were saying that things would get normal towards the end of 2022. “Then it was through 2023. The majority of our partners are now saying this shortage is likely to last into 2024.” Volkswagen will deliver no new electric vehicles (EVs) to new customers in Europe and the US for the rest of 2022 as it has sold out of battery-powered models. VW blamed continuous problems with the supply chain bottlenecks which have hampered global trade. VW, which includes brands such as Audi, Škoda and Porsche, shipped more than 99,000 electric cars so far this year. That’s three times less than Tesla, the market leader, managed in the same period. The German manufacturer is being hit by shortages of semiconductors and wiring harnesses which are made in Ukraine.Group chairman Herbert Diess told the FT: “We are basically sold out on electric vehicles in Europe and in the United States. And in China, it’s really picking up.” Diess said that VW has an order backlog in western Europe of 300,000 electric cars. And any new customers in the US and Europe placing an order now would not get their electric models delivered before 2023. Mr Diess added: “We have very high order books and order intake on electric vehicles. “That accounts for all of our models from ID.3, ID.4, the Audi models, (all) are extremely well received in the markets, Škoda models are also very well received in Europe.”