Hendrix (played by Benny Turland) discovered his pulmonary fibrosis a couple of weeks ago on Neighbours as a result of inhaling huge amounts of smoke when saving his girlfriend, Mackenzie Hargreaves (Georgie Stone) from a fire at the high school. The youngster was told by doctors he needed a lung transplant in the next three years if he was going to survive this but as his symptoms worsen, it seems the timeframe is shortening. Next week's episodes of the Channel 5 soap will see the beloved character discover there is a possible donor who could give him their lungs but disaster ensues. The drama begins as Hendrix and Mackenzie are still celebrating their engagement when the former gets an important call. Hendrix is told he could be getting a transplant within the next few days as there is a potential donor who could be a match. As he is extremely grateful for the new set of lungs he would receive, the young man wants to go and thank the donor, who is at the end of their life. Karl Kennedy (Alan Fletcher) gets wind of what the youngster is planning and tells him not to do it as it would be a serious breach of protocols. However, headstrong and wanting to do what he wants, Hendrix heads to find his donor with Mackenzie with him for support. READ MORE: Carol Kirkwood confirms engagement live on BBC Breakfast When they find the donor, they lurk in the hallway of the hospital, wondering if what they are doing is the right thing. As the donor is left on their own, with their visitors heading for a break, the youngsters take their chance to say their thank-yous. Unfortunately for Hendrix, he is caught in the act as one of the donor's family members returns to the ward and finds the teenager standing beside their loved one. Hendrix is forced to explain himself and when he admits the truth, it seems the youngster may have lost his lifeline. Due to breaking the rules, the young man faces an anxious wait and he is left heartbroken at the prospect of losing this chance. Seeing how devastated her finacé is, Mackenzie decides to track down the donor's father to get him to reconsider turning down Hendrix. It will be a tough watch but if the young man doesn't get the transplant he needs at this point, he could be looking at a very grim future. The show will be ending this August so it could be bosses are going to kill off the beloved character as part of a heartbreaking exit storyline. This could be the beginning of the end for Hendrix as he accepts he is not going to get a transplant in time to save his life. In a tragic end to his life, he could marry the love of his life before dying in her arms, sparking a devastating storyline for Mackenzie. DON'T MISS...Neighbours' Alan Fletcher responds to health concerns [COMMENT]Jason Donovan health: 'It's an illness' - star on his addiction [COMMENT]Natalie Imbruglia health: Masked Singer winner on her chronic disorder [COMMENT] The actor who plays Hendrix, Benny, has spoken out on his character's latest storyline and the impact this has had on him. Benny explained: "I was taken into the office and told that they wanted to do this storyline and it was going to be quite big. "I was honoured to take it on, and it's been really good to explore it with everybody. "Hendrix's health issues were triggered by the fire at Erinsborough High when he saved Mackenzie. "This brought on the pulmonary fibrosis. It's been a slow approach to the story since then, but now we really get into it. "It's been a good challenge," he told Digital Spy. In a special episode last week, Hendrix travelled to Sydney and told his parents about his illness and the treatment he was going to have. The instalment received huge praise from viewers of the show, who took to social media to share their thoughts on the heartbreaking scenes. Catrin posted on Twitter: "A really wonderful episode of #Neighbours yesterday, #ukpace. The performances were excellent and the Sydney scenes were beautiful. "Loved learning about Hendrix's past and also seeing familiar faces again as well as new ones. #CelebratingNeighbours." Mark commented: "That was a gorgeous episode built around one of the great modern characters, Hendrix." "Loved how it brought us on a journey through his life growing up in Sydney, featured really touching moments with Pierce and Lisa, finally introduced Alanna - and a classic #Neighbours proposal," he added. With the ending of the show fast approaching, the writer for the special episode and executive producer, Jason Herbison commented about the final scripts. Jason said: "I feel very privileged to write the final episodes and bring our beloved Neighbours to an end. "I always had a vision of how I would close the show and I have stuck to that vision, so I hope the viewers enjoy it," he told Digital Spy. Neighbours airs weekdays at 1:45pm and 6pm on Channel 5.