Paul Burrell, a former butler to Princess Diana, described the Duke of Sussex as a "lost soul" who "doesn’t have a place or a chair at the table anymore". This comes ahead of Harry and Meghan's return to the UK for the Queen's Jubilee later this week. The couple said they were "excited and honoured" to attend the celebrations. But talking about how Harry will respond to the family reunion, Mr Burrell predicted: "I think Harry’s going to look completely out of place and bewildered. "I think he’s a lost soul. "He doesn’t have a place or a chair at the table anymore." Speaking to OK! Magazine, he added: "So I think to come back to this environment will be very difficult. "Knowing what will come out in his memoir when it’s published, listen, he’s torn." The 37-year-old royal's upcoming memoir promises an "accurate and wholly truthful" account of his life. According to publisher Penguin Random House, Harry's memoir will "share, for the very first time, the definitive account of the experiences, adventures, losses and life lessons that have helped shape him". Meghan and Harry stepped back from senior royal duties in early 2020. READ MORE: Harry under 'smothering' Meghan's spell in US but Duke 'misses royals' They have only returned to the UK together once when they visited the Queen at Windsor Castle in April ahead of the Invictus Games. For the first time, the couple will be returning to the UK with their two children, Archie and Lilibet. Announcing their return visit, a spokesperson for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex said: "Prince Harry and Meghan, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, are excited and honoured to attend the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations this June with their children." According to the Sun, they are expected to stay in their former home, Frogmore Cottage. DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry given olive branch with 'surprise balcony appearance' [REVEAL] Meghan's 'political gesture' analysed - 'First Lady' mannerism exposed [INSIGHT] Prince Harry 'very much enjoying' Netflix cameras ahead of Jubilee [ANALYSIS] Princess Eugenie and her husband Jack Brooksbank, who currently live in the cottage, will reportedly be opening up the guest bedrooms for Harry and Meghan. While there has been a reported rift between Prince Harry and his brother and father, a royal source recently claimed that the royals have been attempting to heal their relationship. A source told the Mirror that Harry and William have been communicating with each other regularly in the lead up to Harry's return. They said: "Prince William wanted to embrace Harry and they have been messaging each other every few days. "They've also had FaceTime calls with their children."