Rangers legend Ronald de Boer thinks Giovanni van Bronckhorst can take pride in his work despite their Europa League final defeat to Eintracht Frankfurt on Wednesday night. The Gers were on the cusp of history in Seville. But they ended up missing out on the prize and, now, must rally to go again. Rangers had enjoyed a stunning run to the Europa League final and were hopeful of beating Frankfurt to the sword and bringing a European trophy back to Glasgow. They went ahead through Joe Aribo in the 57th minute, sending Gers fans wild in the process. But Frankfurt were able to force extra time through Rafael Santos Borre Maury. Rangers pressed hard for a winner before the penalty shootout - with Ryan Kent magnificently denied by Frankfurt goalkeeper Kevin Trapp. Yet they ended up losing when Aaron Ramsey’s spot-kick was saved by Trapp, with Frankfurt then converting their remaining penalties to win the game and the cup. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz It was a hammer blow but De Boer, speaking on BBC Radio 5 Live, thinks Van Bronckhorst deserves big credit for taking his team so far. "The season's not done,” he stated. “It is important he wins a trophy this weekend [in the Scottish Cup final], and not end up empty-handed. "[Rangers] can look back on the season so far with pride, especially the trip to Seville eliminating Dortmund, Leipzig and Braga. “No-one would’ve thought they could make it at the start. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "He’s put Rangers back on the international map. It’ll hurt like hell now but can be proud in hindsight." Another former Rangers star, Richard Foster, also thinks his old side must pick themselves up. “Rangers had the opportunity to win the second best tournament in club football, but fell short,” he stated. “Frankfurt were the better side, they created better opportunities. “Rangers got away with one, with the penalty. Despite that, I thought it might be Rangers' night because they were getting breaks here and there. “It's still a fantastic achievement to get this far. They've got to find a way to pick themselves back up and not let this season finish with no trophies.” Van Bronckhorst himself was gutted after the game but hailed Rangers for the journey they underwent. "It's difficult [to pick the players up for the Scottish Cup final]," he told BT Sport. "It's short days because we play on Saturday. “But we will have to face this challenge as well. The emotions are very down but we have to change that quickly to be prepared for Saturday. "Next season we have to start all over again. We came so far because we played well, we had the belief. “But next year it starts again. It's not certain we'll be on this level. We're going to work hard and make sure we develop as a team and we want to be on this stage. “Next year we have to do it again and we'll work hard to get silverware next season. "When you play the final you're very close to winning silverware and we were today. When you don't win the emotions go from possibly very high to very low. “I’ve had those moments in my career, losing big games, losing the World Cup final. It hurts. “For us it's now to look ahead. It's difficult but we have to make sure we're ready for Saturday. A big game against Hearts for the cup."