The Miami Grand Prix track has reportedly undergone repairs just days before the city hosts its first ever F1 race. Officials have been working on fixing particular areas of the circuit that have suffered minor damage.  According to motorsport.com The main cause for concern is at turn 17, the left-hand hairpin leading to the final corners that lead on to the start/finish straight. The area surrounding turn 7, the tightening left hander located adjacent to the controversial artificial marina, also needed addressing. The damage was spotted on Thursday evening, before any racing cars had run on the circuit, which so far has only seen action from the safety and medical cars. The track was also used for demo runs by supercars, as well as truck and crane activity associated with the building up of the circuit and bus tours of the track. The repair work was completed this morning and qualifying is expected to take place tomorrow, before Sunday’s race. The inaugural race will take place this Sunday at the Miami International Autodrome, situated within the campus of the Hard Rock Stadium. JUST IN: Miami GP track fears raised which could affect Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen   A large number of A-list stars including LeBron James, David Beckham, Ryan Reynolds and Renee Zellweger are set to attend the racing extravaganza this weekend. This is the first race to be held in the State of Florida since 1959 and Lewis Hamilton labelled the Miami Grand Prix as a "dream" for F1. Speaking about the new race at Miami Beach Golf Club as part of his pre-race sponsor event with seven-time Super Bowl-winning quarterback Tom Brady, the seven-time champion said: "There is a part where you are excited and there is a nervous part, you know. “It is a new circuit, there is not a lot of time to practice but it is exciting when you go out on a new course, you go out and you are discovering all the different features of the circuit and the surroundings. "This is a dream for our sport to be in Miami. We have been here to see other sports but our sport will hopefully own its right to be here this week and put on a good show for everyone." DON'T MISS  Hamilton has also spoken about the heat in Miami, which may cause him to lose some weight. "I heard the track and the temperatures are going to be super high," he said. “Tomorrow I will likely lose 6-7 pounds, then 6-7 pounds the next day, and then during the race, it could be up to 10 pounds." Formula One have agreed a ten-year deal to stage races in the south-eastern American city and all those involved will hope Sunday’s inaugural event will be one to remember. 