The Met Office has warned of more “unsettled” weather for the country, after last week saw some of the highest temperatures recorded of the year so far. The Met Office forecast for Monday says: “Cloud and rain may affect parts of southeast UK, where it will be cooler.  “Elsewhere sunny intervals and showers, these heavy and thundery in parts of the west and north.” For later on in the week the prediction is: “Unsettled with showers or longer spells of rain for most, some heavy with a risk of thunder. “Windy on Wednesday and Thursday with further rain or showers. Temperatures near average.” The strengthening of the jet stream is expected to cause the more unsettled weather, with strong winds also looking likely midweek.  Met Office Deputy Chief Meteorologist Dan Rudman said: “The strengthening of the jet stream increases the chances of low-pressure systems developing over the Atlantic being pushed towards the UK. “Although there are still some details to be determined on the depth and timings of these lows, what we do know is that there’s some unsettled weather on the way next week, with some strong winds likely from the middle of the week, especially in the north. “Weather of this nature isn’t unusual in a UK spring, with changes in the jet stream frequently bringing interludes of unsettled weather.”  READ MORE: Trade unions slammed over plans for huge summer rail strike Netweather predicts for the week ahead: “ [A] cooler showery day on Monday with plenty of cloud and limited bright or sunny intervals for most. “There is potential for some thunder mixed in with the showers in the west. There will also be some longer spells of rain for East Anglia and the south-east. “Tuesday looks set to be a day of sunshine and showers, with more sunshine in between the showers. “Some of the showers could again be thundery, this time especially in the east.  DON'T MISS:Desperate Putin planning to send paedophiles and rapists to fight [LATEST]Ukraine LIVE:Russian arms destroyed after location revealed by 'idiot' [SPOTLIGHT]Royal LIVE: Sussexes' balcony moment 'blocked by Charles and William' [UPDATES] “Another low pressure system looks set to bring a spell of wet and windy weather on Wednesday.” Fortunately the weather for the long Jubilee weekend looks set to be more stable, as millions plan street parties to celebrate the Queen’s 70 years on the throne. For the beginning of June “drier than average conditions” are forecast, with the weather potentially being very warm in the south of the country. However, conditions will remain closer to average for the time of year in the north. 