The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will take part in the Mental Health Minute on Friday. William and Kate's message will be broadcast to more than 20 million people across 500 radio stations. It is the fifth year the couple have been involved in the initiative. But for the first time, William and Kate will be the sole speakers rather than being joined by celebrities. Last year they spoke alongside stars including actress Dame Joanna Lumley, football legend David Beckham, singer Dame Shirley Bassey and actor Charles Dance. Mental Health Awareness Week kicks off today, with this year's theme of loneliness. Loneliness is an issue affecting a growing number of people in the UK in the wake of the coronavirus pandemic, and has had a significant impact on mental wellbeing. The Mental Health Minute initiative was created by Radiocentre, the industry body for commercial radio, and is delivered in partnership with William and Kate's Royal Foundation. The 2022 Minute is in support of Better Health - Every Mind Matters, which offers advice to tackle loneliness and provides tips to help people look after their mental wellbeing. Later this week, William and Kate will visit Scotland where they will carry out a number of engagements focusing on mental health. The Cambridges will meet students from the University of Glasgow to talk about their mental health and wellbeing during the pandemic on their visit to Scotland. The Duke will also visit the Heart of Midlothian Football Club in Edinburgh to talk to those involved in "Changing Room", a programme which uses football as a means to help men talk about their struggles with mental health and build social connections. Mental health has been a key theme of William and Kate's royal work over the years. They spearheaded the Heads Together campaign with Prince Harry in 2017, leading a coalition of eight mental health charity partners to change the national conversation on mental health.  The coming weeks are set to be a busy time for the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. The couple will visit Wales during the extended Bank Holiday Platinum Jubilee weekend in June. William and Kate are among senior royals who will tour the UK as the nation marks the Queen's historic 70-year reign with a series of events. Platinum Jubilee celebrations will kick off with Trooping the Colour on Thursday June 2. The Cambridges will make an appearance on Buckingham Palace's balcony alongside other members of the Royal Family.    