Yevgeny Primakov, head of the Russian soft-power body Rossotrudnichestvo, discussed turning Russia into an "ark of refuge" for Americans trying to escape wokeism and cancel culture in the US. Putin's pal explained that Russia will become a place where Americans can go to avoid 'idiots' and pushed the narrative of family rearing in peace. Mr Primakov claimed that Russia will be seen in the future as a contingent of sanity. Primakov told Russian radio: "I am confident that at some point Russia will start to be seen as a continent of sanity. "And a kind of enormous ark of refuge, where you can go to avoid idiots and live in peace with your children." The ally of Putin uttered a familiar Russian propaganda line, promoting Americans fleeing to move Russia to escape  'woke' West politics. Russia has been known to jibe at Western countries and to compare political frameworks.  JUST IN: North Korea launch three missiles, including ICBM, hours after Joe Biden departs from Asia     Russian President Vladimir Putin slammed the West earlier this year over the treatment of children's author JK Rowling. Taking an aim at The West over the topic of gender rights and gender ideologies. Putin compared the treatment of Ms Rowling to how countries around the globe were reacting to his invasion of Ukraine. Mr Putin claimed: "Today they are trying to cancel a whole thousand-year culture - our people. "They are banning Russian writers and books."   READ MORE: Russian forces making ‘incremental gains’ by attempting to secure smaller encirclements     Putin has claimed that the Western countries implement discrimination, but Russia has some of the toughest rules and punishments in the world. Russian citizens are not allowed to protest the war in Ukraine, and they must call the war an operation, otherwise, they face harsh imprisonment for going against Putin's regime. Twitter users have been reacting to Primakov's comments about hoping Russia turning into a safe haven for American families. One user said @Sanho Tree said: "Imagine moving all the way to Russia when Texas and Florida have already rolled out the red carpet for hate-filled fascists. I’m calling BS on this one." DON'T MISSTerrorist groups could be getting hands on NATO weapons in Ukraine [REPORT]Moscow in FLAMES: Roof of Orthodox Christian cathedral collapse [PICTURES]Japanese jets scrambled as Russia and China approach airspace [LATEST]    Another user @MarkOB60573724 said: "LOL, indeed. Let me leave a liberal democracy where I'm free to live in peace and speak my mind to an autocratic despotic country where there's no free press or ability to protest.......I can see why any sane person would choose to leave the USA for Russia....hilarious." @AndrewARay said: "Coming from the conservative side of Slovakia, I've seen lots of people talk about Russia as a bulwark against depravity, but have yet to know anyone who has actually moved there. More often, they temporarily move to work in Germany or the US..." @Lift_our_voice said: "As an American, I support this. Let those who prefer a fascist regime move to a fascist country." @IvanKuhn8 said: "I would like to see a conservative American family who would go to live in Russia to protect their children against parent No. 1 and parent No. 2 and then let their adult children be conscripted to the army and sent as cannon fodder to any country neighbouring to Russia."