Oleksiy Honcharenko, the people’s deputy of Ukraine, said Putin deserves to be “beaten in his face, not to be saved” while he continues to ignore possible peace negotiations. Mr Honcharenko accused the Russian leader of repeating the same “old story” about denazifying  Ukraine whenever a Western leader attempted to speak to him about his invasion.    Asked by Nigel Farage if a peace deal was “negotiable”, Mr Honcharenko said: “Absolutely. A peace deal should be like this: Putin is taking his army out of Ukraine. “When I hear ‘Let’s save face Putin’, first of all, he deserves to be beaten in his face, not to be saved. “We are not going to take Moscow. We don’t want to take Putin’s bunker and have him committing suicide like Hitler did. “We don’t want to execute Putin on the Red Square in Moscow, no. We just want Russia and Putin to respect international law and to leave us alone.    “That is all that we want, and it is absolutely clear that he could do this. He is not in a corner. Russia is the biggest country in the world.” Nigel Farage then asked Mr Honcharenko whether the West should be negotiating with Putin, to which the MP said: “Yes”. Mr Farage then asked, “Then why is the West not talking to him?” Mr Honcharenko said: The problem is, to speak about what? As I understand it, to every person that is contacting him, he’s repeating this old story, saying ‘There are Ukrainian Nazis and I am defending Russian-speaking people. That's all. Goodbye’. What is the point of this conversation?” READ MORE: Putin health: 'Ill' Kremlin leader under spotlight again [REPORT]   A former aid to ex-Russian President Boris Yeltsin claimed Putin had become a “hostage to his own propaganda”. In a column for the Daily Mail, Alexander Temerko wrote: “Putin is trapped by all the myths of military power that underpin his legitimacy, and which serve as the main ideological foundation of the Russian state. “The fact is that today, Russia is an aggressor and a pariah, and its ‘legendary’ army turns out to be a barbarous and shameful gang of war criminals and marauders.” He added that Putin “continues the war — and in so doing, remains hostage to his own propaganda.” DON'T MISS: Lukashenko makes sabotaging Putin's war punishable by death [REPORT]Ukrainian shot in head with brothers survives to rise from grave [REVEAL]Putin deploys Terminator tanks as Russia ramps up war - VID [VIDEO]    After the last peace talks in March ended unresolved, Ukrainian interior ministry adviser Anton Gerashchenko has blamed Russian President Vladimir Putin for the breakdown negotiations. Mr Gerashcenko said: "Putin is not ready to hold talks. The only chance [for peace] is the destruction of the Russian occupiers. “As for when they will be ready to accept defeat, I think it's a matter of months." Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy reiterated an offer to hold direct talks with Putin last week but Mykhailo Podolyak, an adviser to the Ukrainian leader, said on Tuesday that talks were "on hold".   