Manchester United are expected to be in the market for a central midfielder in the summer, but club legend Rio Ferdinand has warned Erik ten Hag against pursuing a move for Kalvin Phillips. Phillips has impressed at Leeds over the past few seasons and his performances at Euro 2020 caught the eye of many. Reports have circulated that the Red Devils are one of the clubs interested in the midfielder, with Manchester Evening News reporting that initial talks are already underway. But Ferdinand doesn’t ever see Phillips joining United due to the rivalry between Man United and Leeds. He told his Vibe with Five YouTube channel: “I don’t think Kalvin Phillips is a name that should be associated with Manchester United. I just think he’s a Leeds boy. "The rivalry between the fans, his family are all there. It’s different to when I left, I had no family in Leeds other than my cousin. It wasn’t a problem for them. It was very different. JUST IN: Conte responds to agent claim there's '60%' chance he stays at Spurs “I don’t see Kalvin Phillips going to Manchester United. If he does it will be the biggest surprise." Phillips has missed a significant chunk of this season, from December through to March, due to a hamstring injury, and his absence has hit his squad hard. Leeds are in the heart of a relegation battle, and the correlation between the Whites’ poor performances and Phillips’ absence is clear for all to see. But whether he is willing to leave his boyhood club, regardless of if they survive, remains to be seen. READ MORE: Liverpool have Kylian Mbappe hope as Real Madrid tactic concerns camp The 26-year-old is valued at £45million by Transfermarkt, though Leeds surviving the drop with two games remaining could see the Elland Road outfit demand more for his services. But it could be a small price to pay for new United boss Erik ten Hag, especially given the lack of depth he could find himself with in the centre of the park. Paul Pogba, Juan Mata and Jesse Lingard are all set to depart this summer when their contracts expire, whilst Nemanja Matic appears likely to leave the Old Trafford. West Ham’s Declan Rice has also been linked with a move to United this summer, although his huge transfer valuation means that it is incredibly unlikely that both players arrive at United over the coming months. And that could force Ten Hag to look elsewhere for alternative targets.