Fiz (played by Jennie McAlpine) has recently moved in with new love Phill Whittaker (Jamie Kenna) and is setting up her future with him. She has also been growing close to old flame Tyrone Dobbs (Alan Halsall) after feeling like the move was too much for her, but he told her to do what makes her happy despite his feelings for her. Now official Coronation Street spoilers reveal that a familiar face from her past comes back to haunt her, will she come clean to Phill? In upcoming scenes, Fiz meets up with Phill and his friends Graham (John Cusworth) and Angela (Joanne Haywood). As they settle down to eat their meal in Speed Daal, Graham recognises Fiz from her trial and explains that he was the solicitor for the prosecution. Desperate to keep her secret hidden from her new partner, the meal ends abruptly, leaving Fiz shaken by the encounter. Feeling worried about what Phill may think, she confides in Tyrone and reveals that she has never told her new boyfriend about her crazy ex-husband as she was scared he was run away. READ MORE: Richard Madeley digs at Meghan Markle over plans to be President Later, Tyrone spots Phill in Victoria Garden, handing a mysterious man a large brown envelope and can't help but wonder what he is up to. Intrigued, Tyrone vows to find out more as he knows that Phill was meant to be in Leeds. If Fiz finally comes clean to Phill about her tumultuous past, will he love her no matter what or leave her heartbroken? Has Tyrone finally rumbled the nice guy act from Phill? Or has he ruined Fiz's future happiness? John Stape was the Cobbles' biggest villain hiding in plain sight as a teacher who had an affair with Rosie Webster (Helen Flanagan), his pupil at the time. He later ended up kidnapping Rosie but was forgiven by Fiz, with the pair deciding to marry before his release from prison. Settling back into his old life, he began to miss being a teacher and began going under an alias as Colin Fishwick. However, when the real Colin Fishwick died in front of John and Charlotte Hoyle (Becky Hindley), John hid his body and murdered Charlotte. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Terror for Imran as Abi flees country [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Sean Tully to meet unexpected love interest  [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Jacob exposes Kirk secret to get promoted [WATCH] If that wasn't enough, he later murdered Colin’s mother after confessing the truth, later going on the run after jumping off the roof of the General Hospital. Fiz was then accused of murdering his victims, but John came out of hiding to clear her name, he later died after he confessed the truth and suffered a heart attack. Will reliving the memories of her tumultuous past be too much for Fiz and push her to leave Weatherfield for good? Fiz and Tyrone have been growing closer over the last couple of weeks and shared an intimate moment with one another recently. After she revealed she missed her old home, Tyrone suggested she stay to watch their favourite TV programme together for old times' sake. Tyrone later offered to take Fiz home, but as they pulled up outside her new house, she offered to show him around. Their familiarity with one another is the one thing that draws them back, so with Tyrone knowing all about her past, could she go back with her ex? Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.