There will be some dry patches in southern and central areas, but downpours are expected to batter Brits from the start of the week.  Strong winds coupled with wet weather will make for a miserable week after the balmy weather last weekend.   Although London could reach 24C today, this will be the last day of sunshine for some time. However, the miserable weather is not expected to stick around with temperatures expected to pick up by next weekend. Brits could see highs of 25C on Friday after the washout week. The Met Office said: “Next week, a strengthening of the jet stream – which plays a crucial role in driving weather systems towards the UK – looks set to bring spells of unsettled weather through next week for much of the country. READ MORE: UK storm warning: Ferocious Atlantic jet stream to blitz Britain  “Although there will still be some periods of drier weather, most likely in southern and central areas.” Brits across the country will have to face showers as the UK is set to be “cooler than it has been”, according to the Met Office. Met Office deputy chief meteorologist Dan Rudman, said: “The strengthening of the jet stream increases the chances of low-pressure systems developing over the Atlantic being pushed towards the UK. “Although there are still some details to be determined on the depth and timings of these lows, what we do know is that there’s some unsettled weather on the way next week, with some strong winds likely from the middle of the week, especially in the north. DON'T MISSBBC Weather: Temperatures plummet as UK sunshine dragged away [UPDATE]Sunny spring to end in spells of rain and wind for entire country [REVEAL]UK storm forecast: Jet stream to batter Britain as strong winds return [INSIGHT]   “Weather of this nature isn’t unusual in a UK spring, with changes in the jet stream frequently bringing interludes of unsettled weather.” Richard Miles, of the Met Office, stated a high pressure system from the continent is responsible for the heat and dramatic thunderstorms seen in some areas this week. Mr Miles warned that the recent good weather “is going to fall off Monday, Tuesday”. He continued: “Most places early next week will be feeling cooler than they have been this week.” Elsewhere, Brits will see “temperatures generally trending down to closer to average”, Mr Miles said, “with showers coming from the west”, with temperatures of 16C in the South West and 14C in parts of the North East.  