European Union lawmakers are growing concerned about the prospect that far-left Jean-Luc Mélenchon’s coalition could win France’s parliamentary election, leaving President Emmanuel Macron no choice but to appoint the Eurosceptic Mélenchon Prime Minister. If Jean-Luc Mélenchon’s union of left-wing parties wins a majority of seats in France’s lower chamber, Emmanuel Macron will have to share power and compromise with the union to pass legislation in Parliament. It would not only spell trouble for Macron’s domestic agenda but also for his EU agenda, according to a France 24’s Brussels correspondent. Dave Keating told France 24 viewers: “The implications aren’t just domestic. People in Brussels are very nervous about a Prime Minister Mélenchon. “Because whilst the French Prime Minister has no role here in Brussels, his ministers do. “And Mélenchon gets to choose those ministers, subject to approval by the president but Macron would have no choice but to appoint some far-left ministers. “They would be sitting here in the Council of the EU – the upper chamber of the EU legislature.” If Jean-Luc Mélenchon’s coalition of left-wing parties wins a majority in the French parliamentary elections, President Emmanuel Macron will be required to share power and appoint a member of the coalition as Prime Minister. Given that Jean-Luc Mélenchon is leading that coalition, he would most likely be elected Prime Minister. “We could have a situation where French ministers in the Council of the EU are in opposition to the French President in the European Council. “That’s never happened in the modern history of the EU, and it could cause a huge dysfunction in EU law-making, so a lot of implications here in Brussels too if this were to happen.” READ MORE: ‘Brussels should be concerned’ Macron faces two anti-EU blocs Jean-Luc Mélenchon lost the first round of the French presidential election to contender Marine Le Pen by one percentage point. With his coalition, Jean-Luc Mélenchon is now hoping to become Prime Minister and rule France through parliament against Emmanuel Macron. Bus his Eurosceptic agenda that pledges to “disobey” EU rules and “confront” the European institutions would go against Macron’s pro-EU agenda. DON'T MISS: 'Paradoxical' video of Macron's record mocked - 'all by himself!' [REPORT]France accused of letting DOZENS of Brits die in Falklands War [ANALYSIS]Putin could 'tip' France into war with Russia, security analyst warns [INSIGHT]  According to Macron’s EU minister, Jean-Luc Mélenchon’s “irresponsible” disobedience programme would “inevitably” lead to a Frexit. The EU minister Clément Beaune wrote in an op-ed to the French newspaper Le Monde: “If we pick and choose (European) rules à la carte, the destruction of the European Union is inevitable.”