While the UK has no Covid travel restrictions, tourists visiting Spain will have to comply with strict rules. Britons must be fully vaccinated to travel to Spain unless they have recently recovered. Spain extended its strict rules until at least June 15 in the latest review of Covid entry restrictions. People from non-EU countries, including the UK, must be fully vaccinated to travel to Spain. To count as fully vaccinated, Britons must have had their second jab less than 270 days ago or have a booster vaccination. At least 14 days must have passed since the date of the last vaccination to travel to Spain for a holiday. READ MORE: Jet2 slaps ‘violent’ brothers with lifetime ban and 50k bill Children between the ages of 12 and 17 can travel to Spain if they are unvaccinated if they have a negative PCR result. Unvaccinated British adults can only travel to Spain if they have proof of a recent recovery certificate. The rules were set to be reviewed on May 15 but have now been extended until June 15 in a blow for Jubilee holiday travel. Britons must also continue to wear a face mask on flights to and from Spain even though the EU has changed its rules. British tourists will not need to wear a face mask on most flights to and from the EU after the rules were recently changed. However, different EU countries have their own rules and Spain will require tourists to wear a face mask on planes. Italy also requires tourists to wear a face mask on planes to and from the country and it must be FFP2 standard. It is thought that Spain has extended its strict rules due to high rates of Covid in the country at the moment. The country reported over 65,000 new Covid infections in the last seven days and just 63 percent of the population have had both vaccines. British tourists will need to comply with Spain’s vaccination rules if they want to travel for a holiday this summer. They will also need to meet new post-Brexit passport rules to enjoy a holiday in Spain in 2022. British tourists’ passports must be valid for at least three months after the end of their holiday date. The passport must have been issued less than 10 years before the date they plan to enter the EU. Britons must also have their passport stamped on entry and exit to the EU, including on holidays to Spain. Many Britons have faced problems renewing their passports and there is currently a 10 week wait for documents. Tourists have been advised to get their application in as soon as possible if they want to travel in the school summer holidays.