The Bank of England raised interest rates amid concerns the cost-of-living crisis could plunge the economy into recession this year. Felicity J Lord partner James Baring warned interest rates “will continued to go up” and might reach 3.5 percent before the year is out. He suggested sellers might benefit from the rise as buyers will feel the need to “secure a decent fixed rate”, he claimed but warned there will be a point where interest rate “will bite into people’s disposable income”. Speaking to Mr Baring, GB News journalist Rosie Wright asked: “If the interest rate rises, what is that going to do to the property market? Mr Baring responded: “Well, I believe it will benefit sellers because there will be a stronger need for buyers to secure a property. “And more importantly in a way to secure a decent fixed-rate mortgage.” Ms Wright asked: “So you actually think that it’s positive for those selling? “Because people will quickly want to get and lock in a rate. “Is that because you anticipate that interest rates are going to go up?” Mr Baring said: “I believe, and that is being supported by research that I have done, that interest will continue to go up through the year. “Maybe to 2 percent to maybe even 3 percent and a half. READ MORE: Boy, 7, can't read and write as he's never spent a whole day at school “I mean that is what has been prophesied by economists. “So during the term of a mortgage, enjoying the term of a fixed rate, you can make a lot of saving if you get a fixed-rate or load fixed rate. “Which you can do. “You get through companies just mortgages, they are very good. DON'T MISS: ‘Desperate’ Starmer abandons Partygate attack on Boris [WATCH]Truss prepares 'mad-man' strategy to torpedo hated deal [LISTEN]Newsnight: Nicola Sturgeon branded ‘liar’ over Ferry Fiasco [INSIGHT] “And even if you end up paying a little bit more for your property now, it’s worth doing the math basically to see how that evens out.” Speaking to GB News, Mr Baring also warned: “There will come a point where interest rates get to a level where it bites into people’s disposable income”. The Bank of England has also warned that inflation is expected to reach 10 percent by the end of the year as consequence of the fuel, energy and food costs soaring also due to the war in Ukraine. In light of the inflation rise, the Bank has also warned that the economy is expected to shrink next year.