Meghan Markle and Prince Harry signed a Netflix deal reportedly worth £112million early last year, around a year after they announced their departure from the Royal Family. The couple is yet to produce any content for the streaming service, however, despite promises that their partnership would deliver documentaries, children's programmes, scripted shows and feature films. In the first three months of 2022, Netflix has laid off 150 staff members to reduce its costs due to falling revenue and a loss of 200,000 users. Royal expert Daniela Elser recently highlighted that the upcoming Queen's Jubilee could be the perfect opportunity for Netflix to evaluate their deal with Meghan and Harry. She describes it as a “make or break” moment” for the couple’s partnership with Netflix. However, The Sun reported earlier this month that palace aides will stop any of the couple’s Netflix crews from filming inside royal events. A source said: “While the family are delighted that Harry and Meghan are coming, there is a real fear of tension, especially over any Netflix crew. “There are concerns tension could explode if the Netflix team comes to the UK and tries to exploit their opportunities.” They added: “Senior courtiers believe that Netflix will see it as one big opportunity to exploit their mega-millions agreement with the couple.” A team of palace aides are reported to be on hand to act as minders and block filming. Meghan and Harry are travelling to the UK for the Jubilee celebrations with their two children, Archie, three, and Lilibet, 11 months. It is thought they may stay at Windsor’s Frogmore Cottage during their visit — their first home after marrying in 2018 — and the Mirror reports that Netflix bosses hope they can film inside the couple’s first family home. Netflix announced earlier this month that the development of Meghan’s animated series Pearl had been cancelled. The series, which Meghan was an executive producer of, was due to centre on the adventures of a 12-year-old girl inspired by influential women from history. Despite this, the streaming giant said that Archewell Productions remains a valued partner and that they are continuing to work together on several projects. Harry’s Heart of Invictus docu-series which follows competitors at the Invictus Games is still scheduled to be released, and the couple was seen filming for the show at the event in The Hague last month. This is due to be released later this year or early 2023 and will be Meghan and Harry’s first output on the streaming service. So what do YOU think? Should Netflix push Meghan and Harry for content? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.