Coleen Rooney, 36, and Rebekah Vardy, 40, have concluded their Wagatha Christie trial at London’s High Court. Both women have given evidence and Ms Justice Steyn is due to give her ruling at a later date. Following the seven-day court case, Ms Rooney is said to be “confident” that she has won. READ MORE:Rhian Sugden's says its 'unbearable to walk' as assets grown 'so big' The friend added that Coleen “isn’t counting her chickens” but is “adamant that justice will prevail”.They continued to the Sunday Mirror that the mum-of-four “knew Rebekah’s reputation was going to be ripped apart” and maintains that she wanted to deal with the situation without going to court.They claim that Coleen “wanted to help” Rebekah and “didn’t want to see her destroyed”.Ms Vardy is suing Ms Rooney for libel after the latter accused Rebekah's Instagram account of leaking stories to the media. In a 2019 post shared to Instagram, Twitter and Facebook, Wayne Rooney’s wife wrote: “I have saved and screenshotted all the original stories which clearly show just one person has viewed them.  “It’s ………. Rebekah Vardy’s account.”Ms Vardy says she has suffered "very serious harm to her reputation" as a result of the post.  She is seeking "substantial damages" or compensation. DON'T MISSDonny Osmond’s wife made him sleep alone after Dancing With The Stars[INSIGHT]Damian Lewis joined by A-lister pals for wife Helen McCrory's service[NEWS]Kate Garraway calls out Gemma Atkinson for leaving show early[LATEST] Ms Rooney is defending the claim on the basis it was true and in the public interest for her to publish it.In a now released witness statement, Ms Vardy claimed that the Wagatha Christie drama has had a negative effect on her career.She says that she had a “potential book deal” lined up which has now been “turned down”. She also claims that a midwife company was going to make placenta pills for her after the birth of her fifth child, Olivia. In the statement, Ms Vardy said: “I had a midwife company lined up to make placenta capsules. "They pulled out weeks before the birth,” as reported by The Mirror.