As Liverpool forward Sadio Mane continues to be linked with Bayern Munich, Jurgen Klopp’s side have outlined two conditions that would need to be met for them to sanction a sale. While there has been no official bid made by Bayern Munich, the Senegalese international is reportedly set to inform Liverpool of his desire to leave the club this summer. According to GOAL, two factors will have to be met for Liverpool to allow Mane to leave the club this summer. It's claimed the Reds will demand well more than the £25million price suggested, and they would need to have a replacement lined up in order to sell the 30-year-old. Mane has just one year left on his Liverpool contract, like Mohamed Salah who has already confirmed he will be playing at Anfield next year. Mane however teased a decision on his future ahead of the Champions League final, in which Liverpool lost 1-0 to Real Madrid. Prior to the final in Paris, Mane told reporters that he would inform them of his future after the game. The Senegal star said: “Honestly I think the answer I can give you now is I feel very good, and I am fully focused on the Saturday game, that is the answer I must give before the final. But come back to me on Saturday and I will give you the best answer you want to hear, for sure. It’s special. I will give you all you want to hear then. “Saturday come back and I will give you the answer I promise, but for now let's go win it because I have no time for other things. I will do everything possible to win it because it is my and all the boys' biggest dream, then I will give you the answers.” Mane has been lined up as a possible replacement for Robert Lewandowski at Bayern Munich, as the Polish striker also has a year left on his contract and is reportedly hoping for a move to Barcelona this summer. “Saturday come back and I will give you the answer I promise, but for now let's go win it because I have no time for other things. I will do everything possible to win it because it is my and all the boys' biggest dream, then I will give you the answers.”Mane has been lined up as a possible replacement for Robert Lewandowski at Bayern Munich, as the Polish striker also has a year left on his contract and is reportedly hoping for a move to Barcelona this summer.  If the Champions League final was Mane’s last game at Liverpool, he will be disappointed with how his story ended as he was pictured having an intense conversion with club captain Jordan Henderson during the game. Despite losing his final game with Liverpool, his time at the club has been hugely successful. He has scored 120 goals in 269 games in all competitions for the Reds, including 90 goals in 196 Premier League matches. He has won the Champions League, Premier League, FA Cup, League Cup, UEFA Super Cup and FIFA Club World Cup since joining the club from Southampton in a £34million deal in 2016.