Rangers fans have made a dig at former manager Steven Gerrard ahead of their Europa League final, claiming they “wouldn’t be here” if he was still at the helm. Gerrard left the Scottish side in November to join Premier League Aston Villa, after leading Rangers to their first league title in ten years. The former Liverpool great was replaced by Giovanni van Bronckhorst, who has since led the Scottish giants to a European final against Eintracht Frankfurt. Speaking to Sky Sports Scotland, one Rangers fan admitted: “I still think if Gerrard was in charge we wouldn’t be here. I don’t think Gerrard’s tactics would have suited.” Rangers fans were delighted to be in the Europa League final, just nine years after lifting the third division championship against Berwick Rangers. Another fan said: “I never thought we would get back here. It’s just awesome what we have done this season.” A third fan commented: “When you think about where we were ten years ago to where we are today, standing here at the airport ready to go to possibly win this, and I really feel like we do.” Rangers qualified for the final after defeating German side RB Leipzig over two legs in the semi-finals, when van Bronckhorst’s men overturned a 1-0 first leg deficit by claiming a 3-1 win at Ibrox. James Tavernier levelled the tie on aggregate before Glen Kamara put Rangers ahead for the first time. Christopher Nkunku pulled Leipzig level before John Lundstrum scored the goal to send the Gers to a European final. The route to Seville has not always been easy for Rangers, despite claiming several big scalps in the process. They squeezed past Armenian side Alashkert 1-0 on aggregate to get into the group stages, where they finished runners-up to Lyon, pipping Sparta Prague by a point. They were drawn against German giants Borussia Dortmund in the knockout round play-offs. Rangers stunned the Westfalenstadion crowd with a 4-2 win in Germany, before completing the job with a 2-2 draw in Scotland. A 3-0 first leg win at home to Red Star Belgrade ensured Rangers’ place in the next round, despite losing 2-1 in Serbia as they set up a round of 16 tie with Braga. Rangers had to come from behind as they lost 1-0 in Portugal in the first leg, but a 3-1 win at Ibrox ensured them a place in the semi-finals. Aaron Ramsey will be pushing for a start in the final, after revealing his regret over missing the 2019 Europa League final with Arsenal due to injury.