A new documentary will air on Channel 4 this evening, titled Elon Musk: Superhero or Supervillain? It will aim to “look beyond the hype and headlines at the life of the world’s richest man”, seeking the “truth about the Tesla billionaire, space pioneer and tech entrepreneur who just bought Twitter”. The documentary will feature contributions from those who know him, have worked with him, and who have made millions investing in his businesses, as well as those who have gone to war with his companies. While Musk, 50, is globally known for his business and science ventures, his personal exploits have also given him celebrity status, with the media compelled by his every move. This also included aspects of his personal life, such as his relationship with actress Amber Heard, who he dated in 2017 after her now-infamous split from Johnny Depp. Heard, 36, is currently embroiled in a very public defamation battle with her ex-husband, Johnny Depp, 58, with graphic and disturbing details of abuse made on both sides. But before the case, which was triggered by a Washington Post article written by Heard in which she claimed to have been the victim of domestic violence, the Aquaman star was involved with another high-profile name in her relationship with Musk. Having known each other for years after meeting on the set of the 2013 film Machete Kills, Musk and Heard were seen at a wildlife sanctuary in Australia in 2017 shortly before Amber made their romance official on Instagram. The Tesla boss had also just recently left a relationship with his former wife Talulah Riley. Musk was reportedly drawn to Heard for her “edginess” and like that she wasn’t “doesn’t get easily intimidated”, according to a source in People Magazine at the time. But the romance was short-lived as they broke up just months after they became involved, amid rampant speculation about what went wrong. The couple issued a joint statement which read: "Having read recent articles about our relationship, we would like to speak for ourselves. “The distance has been really tough on our relationship, because we haven't been able to see each other much. "All relationships have their ups and downs, of course. People occasionally send out speculation, which has no basis in fact, without our knowledge, believing that they have our best interests in mind. "Sometimes, other agendas are at work. It can get a little weird... However, we would like to state directly that we have the utmost respect for one another, and it would be troubling if anyone had the impression that we thought otherwise." READ MORE: Why Elon Musk has stalled plans to buy Twitter Musk also issued his own statement on the breakup, tweeting: "Btw, just to clear up some of the press storms this weekend, although Amber and I did break up, we are still friends, remain close and love one another. "Long-distance relationships when both partners have intense work obligations are always difficult, but who knows what the future holds." Musk opened up further about his heartache in a later interview with Rolling Stone when he said: "I just broke up with my girlfriend. I was really in love, and it hurt bad. “Well, she broke up with me more than I broke up with her, I think." At a Tesla event three weeks later, Mr Musk again addressed the split with Ms Heard. He said: "I've been in severe emotional pain for the last few weeks. Severe. It took every ounce of will to be able to do the Model 3 event and not look like the most depressed guy around. "For most of that day, I was morbid. And then I had to psych myself up: drink a couple of Red Bulls, hang out with positive people and then, like, tell myself: 'I have all these people depending on me. All right, do it’." DON'T MISS Musk plans secret product codenamed 'X' in Twitter takeover The five fastest EVs you can buy right now Musk ferries NASA astronauts back to to Earth after Russia threat He then spoke about relationships in a broader manner during an interview in which he said he hates going to sleep by himself. Musk said: "If I'm not in love, if I'm not with a long-term companion, I cannot be happy. "I will never be happy without having someone. Going to sleep alone kills me." Musk and Heard’s relationship featured in the Depp v Heard trial last week, when shock claims were made by the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) that Musk was behind a $500,000 (£408,000) payment to help the actress fulfil a $3.5million (£2.8million) donation pledge to the organisation. Heard had said she would donate $7million (£5.7million) from her divorce settlement with Depp to charity, split between the ACLU and Children’s Hospital of Los Angeles. But in Depp’s defamation claim against Heard, his attorneys have been trying to show that Heard has not followed through on the pledge to the ACLU. The ACLU general counsel testified that the Musk payment was believed to have been made via a Vanguard fund set up to make charitable contributions. Musk has also made headlines more recently for his attempts to buy social media platform Twitter. Last week, he said his $44billion (£35billion) deal to buy Twitter was on hold after he queried the number of fake or spam accounts on the social media platform. He said he was waiting for information "supporting [the] calculation that spam/fake accounts do indeed represent less than 5% of users". Musk added later that he was "still committed to [the] acquisition". Elon Musk: Superhero or Supervillain? will air on Channel 4 at 9pm on Monday, May 16.