Patrick Fabian, who starred as Howard Hamlin on AMC’s prequel series Better Call Saul, paid special tribute to his co-star Rhea Seehorn on social media. The actress had recently added to her success by making her directorial debut on the show’s most recent episode.  Although the Breaking Bad prequel series will be coming to an end after its sixth instalment, Seehorn was able to have a milestone moment. As well as starring in the episode, she also worked her magic behind the scenes and directed Monday’s episode, ‘Hit and Run.’ Seehorn was met with praise from fans who also congratulated her for adding director to her list of skills. Her co-star Patrick Fabian also paid tribute to the actress with a special post on his Instagram page. READ MORE: TalkTV's James Max shocked as caller cuts off heating to save money Fabian shared a photo of them posing on set, captioned: “This Director! Amazing [Rhea Seehorn] #BetterCallSaul Episode 604 ‘Hit And Run’.” Fans also flooded his comment section to commend Seehorn for her huge milestone. @blueoysterdvp stated: “Rhea is amazing! Actress, person, director. Such a plus to Better Call Saul, she is so convincing as a lawyer at times I really think she is!” Another fan @guitarearl added: “It was the best episode so far, love the fact this series is starting to take big steps towards the inevitable!”  @terri1919 commented: “Rhea did a fabulous wicked job directing! Loved the episode.” A fourth @schoner_spatz shared: “I so adore her!” Hit and Run saw a huge detail which linked the series to its prequel Breaking Bad. This happened when Seehorn’s Kim Wexler spoke to her husband Saul Goodman (Bob Odenkirk) about his search for an office DON'T MISS...Tom Cruise jibes at James Corden after quitting Late Show [INSIGHT]‘It wasn’t my choice’ Better Call Saul’s Rhea Seehorn opens up on role [INSIGHT]Better Call Saul season 6 theory: Mike to kill Kim Wexler after clue? [THEORY] After she shared her concern about the workspace having a toilet in the middle of the room, Saul reassured her it would be temporary. However, fans of Breaking Bad will know he stayed in that particular office until he escaped to Omaha and changed his identity. The episode also revealed just how anxious Gus Fring (Giancarlo Esposito) was about Lalo Salamanca’s (Tony Dalton) sudden appearance. He was living in two houses, with one as a decoy which was connected by a tunnel.  Gus had also begun wearing a bulletproof vest and a gun in his sock to be ready for Lalo. In an interview with Vanity Fair, Seehorn opened up about her desire to direct an episode and revealed: “They used to see me go to the set all the time. “I like to watch other people’s work and I like to understand the other cogs of the wheel of this collaborative art form. “That’s just who I am, and I also find that it informs me as an actor. I just like it,” she concluded. Better Call Saul is available on AMC and Netflix. 