Christopher Cox, 53, has been jailed after giving a suicidal, homeless woman accommodation in return for sexual favours involving bondage and domination. He told her to wear bikinis in the house and sleep in his bed each night, Guildford Crown Court was told. Cox was snared by ITV researchers for The Kyle Files, who came across adverts he had posted. They read: “Are you a young girl aged 16 plus who is stuck at home and wants to get away? Maybe you are homeless and can’t see a safe way out? I have a free room to live in for a young girl aged 14-28.” Cox, just a month after being confronted by presenter Jeremy Kyle, still messaged another woman, who also turned out to be a journalist. Surrey Police were made aware of the offending in March 2019, two months after the introduction of CPS guidance to help police considering sex-for-rent allegations. Cox, formerly of Cranleigh, Surrey, admitted two counts of causing or inciting prostitution for gain and one of controlling prostitution for gain. The crimes, involving three women, took place in 2018. The first two charges involved investigative journalists while the third offence related to a real-life victim, a situation exposed when Cox’s phone was examined by police probing ITV evidence. Kyle approached Cox saying he was targeting young women in a way that was morally wrong and criminal. Cox sent panicked texts to a friend stating: “I don’t know what to do, I will end up on TV, everyone will know my dirty secrets.” Detectives then found out Cox had rented a room under the arrangement to a homeless woman, who was “in poor health and needed a hip replacement but did sex work”. Ross Talbott, prosecuting, added: “Cox messaged her saying she needed to sleep in his bed, take part in naked modelling, bondage and spanking. “She agreed and he messaged her saying, ‘You will be sexually submissive to me, you will spend a lot of time tied up, I will spank and torture you when you deserve it’.” The victim told police: “I slept in his bed. Sexual intercourse did take place. “I had to wear a bikini at all times. At one point, he tied me up. I didn’t feel like a captive and never thought it was too much. To some extent, I was grateful to have a roof over my head.” She left without telling him. The court heard Cox has a previous conviction for assaulting a young boy when he was 18 in the 1980s, for which he was convicted in 2001. Rupert Hallowes, mitigating, said Cox never did, nor intended to, have sex with the women without consent and he believed his actions were legal. But Judge Robert Fraser, jailing Cox for a year though the offences carried maximum terms of seven years, told him: “You were clearly targeting vulnerable women. Your third victim was suicidal and you were in no doubt she was in pain. “You took advantage of her disadvantaged position in what was a wholly unbalanced relationship.”