Homeowners in Beeston, a village around three-and-a-half miles from Nottingham, have spoken of the difficulty they face parking and crossing the road. They say students and university visitors park on their road, causing it to be very busy and dangerous at times. One local resident, Terry Mulloy, has lived on the road for around 31 years and has had issues with vehicles being parked near his house. The 80-year-old said: “It's always the same. The only problem we have had is someone parks over our drive on the pavement. “It’s always busy when the students come back, you can’t blame them, there are around 25,000 students. “The lorries and buses can’t get through, people have complained for years. It’s bad, it’s all over Beeston and the council totally ignores it. READ MORE: Older drivers slam ‘unacceptable’ maximum driving age proposals “It’s a lovely area, I love Beeston, I love this road, it’s just busy,” he told Nottinghamshire Live. According to residents, some drivers park on the pavement, while others park on the road, making it difficult for larger vehicles to pass through. Another resident, Abigail Charles, 31, who works as a nurse, said the road is very different during the holidays. She said: “It’s awful - you can tell when the students are here, it’s rammed. DON'T MISSUK car park that fines drivers even if they don’t park [SHOCKING]Furious 20mph camera debate on GMB [ARGUMENT]EV owners 'not immune' from costs - charging prices rise 21 percent [WARNING] “As for the summer holidays, it's empty. "People clearly use this as a through road and go quite fast, you can’t cross safely.” A third resident, Daniel Antonio, who studies at the University of Nottingham, said if permits were introduced, it would have a knock on effect on neighbouring streets as others will park there instead. He said: “It’s just a bit naff isn’t it? “Unless you’ve got a driveway it’s a free for all. There’s lots of students, we are students here, we rent. “If they make this a permit road, the next road will be full of students and people visiting the university, and then the next and next one. “It will get worse on the next road.” Steve Carr, a Liberal Democrat County Councillor for Bramcote and Beeston North, said numerous residents have contacted him about the issues on the road. He said the county council would look again at a resident’s parking scheme which will go out to consultation over the next few months. He added that it will be a mixture of permits and restricted parking hours. The council also urged drivers to think before they park and consider how their parking will affect other road users. It also said it was important to consider whether emergency service vehicles could get down the street, if needed. Express.co.uk have contacted Nottinghamshire County Council for a comment.