With the bank holiday just around the corner, many Britons will be getting their barbecues ready for Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Having a barbecue in the garden is a great way to kickstart the summer season. In fact, a report from Magnet recently found there has been a massive 637 percent increase in Google searches for “BBQ ideas” and a 273 percent increase in searches for “BBQ food”. However, for most of the year barbecues across the nation have been stored away or left under coverings in the garden. And some of us are likely to have stored barbecues away hastily in the autumn without giving them a thorough clean. Cleaning a barbecue can be laborious and messy, and can even be costly for those looking to buy specialist equipment and products. Now, kitchen specialists from Magnet have shared several natural ways homeowners can give their barbecues a good clean without using chemicals and specialist products. READ MORE: Are there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow This may sound like a bizarre hack but it actually works a treat on grimy barbecue grills. Homeowners can rub their grills with a peeled half onion while allowing the grill to heat up to a high temperature. Next, pierce the onion with a fork and rub the cut side down along the grill. The moisture from the onion will help to “steam away” any old food debris or dirt.  DON'T MISSKate & William: Inside Adelaide Cottage- 'much better option' for home [INSIGHT]How to use tea bags to deter cats and foxes from ruining your garden [UPDATE]Royal Family's favourite flowers and poignant meanings explained [ANALYSIS] Onions also have “natural antibacterial properties to clean away impurities”. If a barbecue is particularly dirty, spray the grates with lemon juice or white vinegar first. The extra acidity helps to break down particularly hard grime. Rather than using a barbecue wire brush, you can use a scrunched up piece of tinfoil. Homeowners will be able to press down harder on the tinfoil and get a cleaner surface. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea It’s no secret that white vinegar is a brilliant way to clean multiple surfaces and items, as well as barbecues. Grab a spray bottle and pour two cups of white vinegar into it, giving the grill a liberal spray. The acetic acid in vinegar will break down any stubborn grease making it easier to wipe down. Then, scrub the area with scrunched up tinfoil. Vinegar is flammable so take care when spraying on hot surfaces.  Cut the lemons in half and dip the exposed ends into some table salt. Put the grill on a high temperature and rub the salted lemons onto them. The acidity of the lemons and the abrasive salt will clean up the barbecue and remove grime. Baking soda, also known as bicarbonate of soda, is another popular household cleaning hack. Sprinkle baking soda directly onto a damp barbecue grate and allow it to sit for 10 minutes. Activate the soda with a luke warm, wet sponge and scrub until it’s clean.