“If you think of it like a brain attack, that’s the right approach because it is a medical emergency,” said Doctor Xand. Triggered by a cut-off blood supply to a part of your brain, stroke requires urgent treatment. Although lifestyle tweaks are the best-known intervention for cutting your risk, aspirin could also help. The University of Vigo found that taking a daily dose of aspirin before going to bed could halve your risk of a stroke. The Spanish study looked at the prevalence of cardiovascular death in 10,000 men. Comparing the data based on whether aspirin was taken in the morning or the evening, they found the sweet spot. Doctor Xand said: “Aspirin is not a thing that everyone should be taking to reduce the risk of a stroke. Don’t rush out and buy an aspirin.” READ MORE: High cholesterol: Can you smell that? Three smelly symptoms associated with high levels While this prevention approach might not be for everyone, the TV doctor explained why the timing could play an important role. He said: “You’re most likely to have a stroke in the morning. As you’re asleep, your body is getting you ready for the day. “Your stress hormones go up, your blood pressure goes up, heart attacks and strokes happen before noon - most of them. “So, if you take your preventative medicine in the evening, there’s research to say the effects will carry on through the night and reduce your risk.”  The researchers explained that the timing might be also crucial because of the body’s “pharmacokinetic" process. Through this mechanism, your body breaks down and distributes medicine throughout. They explained that when you take aspirin during night-time, it can help boost its efficacy. This allows the pain relief to be fully activated by the time morning comes. Dr Xand added: “That also may be true of cholesterol drugs and blood pressure pills. “But this is not standard advice, it’s just interesting research so chat with your GP and discuss it and it may be right for you. “But it’s a lovely bit of research.” The NHS shares the same message and stresses to only take daily aspirin to lower your stroke risk if your doctor has specifically recommended it to you. Aspirin has been linked with some serious side effects, including gastrointestinal issues. The health service also explains that pregnant women and children should only use low-dose aspirin if their doctor prescribed it. The reason why the painkiller is able to reduce a stroke risk is due to its ability to make blood less sticky. The NHS concludes: “Only take low-dose aspirin if your doctor or midwife recommends it, especially if you are pregnant or breastfeeding. “Carry on taking daily low-dose aspirin even if you feel well, as you'll still be getting the benefits.”