Ian Fenn, from London, relies on Chloe, who wears a "service cat" vest, to help him stay calm and carry out his daily life. He has taken her to pubs, restaurants, public attractions, on buses and trains, and even to a hospital. But in March he said his confidence was knocked when a Sainsbury's in Clapham refused her entry. He is now taking the supermarket giant to court for breaching the Equality Act 2010, which states that business owners must make reasonable adjustments so people with disabilities are not severely disadvantaged. Mr Fenn told the BBC: "I ended up becoming quite upset. "I got to the point where I couldn't actually remember why I was in the store and what I needed to buy. "It affected my confidence significantly. "I stayed in the house for two weeks before I got the confidence back to go out." After Mr Fenn complained to Sainsbury's he was told that only assistance dogs are allowed into its stores, with the supermarket arguing that cats pose a risk to food hygiene. He added: "I get sensory overload in busy environments and tend to shut down. But with Chloe I can focus on her. "She brings structure to my life, she wakes me up in the morning, she tells me when to go to bed. "It's difficult to know how she feels about the relationship, but I feel that we're a team now." Mr Fenn is being represented by leading disability lawyer Chris Fry and the case could set a legal precedent. He said: "The key and fundamental principles are that service providers have a legal obligation to provide reasonable adjustments to accommodate disabled customers. "Guide dogs are seen as being established as a reasonable or an auxiliary aid to help disabled customers. "But there's never been anything specific in relation to anything other than a support dog in this country." In a statement, Sainsbury's said: "We want to be an inclusive retailer where people love to work and shop and understand that some of our colleagues and customers may need support in our stores. "At the same time, safety is our highest priority and our colleagues are trained to balance maintaining our high food hygiene standards with supporting all our customers who shop with us. "We are in contact with the local environmental health team to see if there are ways we can help Mr Fenn to visit our store without compromising this."