Journalist and politician Daniel Finkelstein commented on possibility of Putin’s army turning against him and said one way that the war in Ukraine could end is as “[the army] begin to move against him through a surfeit of personal pique and defending their own armed forces”. Mr Finkelstein also said “unlikely that nobody told him” that the invasion of Ukraine was a “foolish idea”, but at the same time “quite likely that nobody told him in a way that sort of left him no alternative that to accept it”. Mr Finkelstein said: “I’ve always thought that one possible way that this ends is in a way that often ends when political dictators get into wars that the general don’t think they’re going to win. “Not through a surfeit of liberals, but through a surfeit of personal pique and defending their own armed forces. “They begin to move against him. “So I thought it was, you know, if you’re in our position, I suppose it’s a kind of quite a hopeful development. “Because first of all, it suggests that despite everything that he’s been told, he intuits that they aren’t doing well in the war and that they’ve all lost trust with each other. “And that is obviously a good thing.” Times Radio presenter Matt Chorley pointed out: “There are reports coming out as well about the Russian Secret Service, and they seem to be getting it in the neck. “What we don’t know is were the Secret Service and the Russian generals telling him this was a bad idea and he said, well, we’re going to do it anyway. READ MORE: US tests missile after Kremlin claims Satan II 'can destroy UK' “And then presumably they’re now getting in the neck because it’s not going very well for him. “And so does the sort of either I told you so or I did try to warn you factor play into it?” Mr Finkelstein said: “We all know that some of them must have thought it was a bad idea, because it was a bad idea, and lots of people thought it. DON'T MISS: White House officials warned of Sturgeon's plan to 'undermine NATO' [WATCH]Jim Davidson lets rip as row erupts over Thatcher's statue [LISTEN]Starmer U-turn - Labour leader hints he'll quit even if not fined [INSIGHT] “So it almost certainly is the case that some people in the Russian high command must think this is a foolish idea. “But the question of weather they told him depends on a sort of knowledge of the dynamics of the regime which I just don’t have. He concluded: “I think it’s unlikely that nobody told him, but quite likely that nobody told him in a way that sort of left him no alternative that to accept it".