For a second week in a row in the Techne UK/ Express tracker poll, the Conservatives ate into Labour’s lead with support going up for them by one point to 35 percent just four points behind Sir Keir Starmer’s party who stayed on 39 percent. Polling experts believe that the findings indicate that the negative political effect of the Partygate scandals of lockdown breaking in Downing Street is beginning to fade. With the Metropolitan Police completing their investigations this week and only issuing the Prime Minister with a single fine for being handed cake before a meeting on his birthday, many believe that the worst is now behind Mr Johnson. In contrast Starmer is still facing questions over the alleged beergate scandal on April 30 2021 in Durham which is being investigated by police and where Labour have admitted they failed to tell the truth four times. The Conservatives appear to have picked up their extra point from the Lib Dems who dropped from 11 percent to 10 in  a week. But the findings revealed an underlying lack of confidence in British politics. More than one in five (22 percent) said they would be unlikely to vote in a general election while the same number said they would not know who to vote for. Meanwhile, an astonishing one in five Conservative voters admitted that they did not have confidence in Boris Johnson’s Government. Just 32 percent of the 1,624 respondents over MNay 18 and 19 expressed confidence in the Government while 63 percent were negative. READ MORE: 'Redwood4Chancellor' demand as Sunak faces demand to slash taxes  Techne chief executive Michela Morizzo said: “Labour's lead has shrunk to its smallest level since April 1 which is a sign that the effects of the Partygate row on Conservative support is wearing off. "However, the poll also reflects a political environment where voters appear to have little confidence that any of the parties offer solutions to their problems particularly on the cost of living." On the apparent lack of confidence of voters in politicians, she added: “It is quite normal in moments like this with great uncertainty and fear about the future from the economy point of view.” DON'T MISS 'Not immune' Warning to IRA suspects who were sent letters [REVEAL] Nicola Sturgeon is governing Scotland back into the Middle Ages COMMEN [INSIGHT] Boris Johnson on tenterhooks as pollster warns trouble ahead [REACT]  The next big test for the parties comes in the by-elections in Wakefield and Tiverton where two Tory MPs have resigned over scandals. In Tiverton evidence has emerged of a Rejoiner alliance forming between Labour and he Lib Dems with Starmer reportedly telling Labour activists to stand down to help the Lib Dems win. The by-elections will take place on June 23, the anniversary of the EU referendum which brought Brexit. However, while Partygate may be less of a factor people in Downing Street are nervously awaiting the final full report by civil servant Sue Gray into the the parties due next week.