The Prince of Wales laid out the Government's legislative agenda yesterday after the Queen missed her third State Opening of Parliament. Buckingham Palace announced the heir apparent would take the place of his 96-year-old mother on Monday. In a statement, they said: "The Queen continues to experience episodic mobility problems, and in consultation with her doctors has reluctantly decided that she will not attend the State Opening of Parliament tomorrow." However, not everyone appeared to appreciate Prince Charles' involvement in the Queen's Speech. Twitter user @PaddyAMetis said: "Note to self. Do not give 'cost of living' update while sitting on solid gold throne." While @BlueRoseCode added: "Had to turn off the news. JUST IN: 'Oh my word!' Expert claims Charles complained to Camilla at State Opening of Parliament "I cannot watch an old man, draped in gold finery, reading nonsense about the ‘UK’s success’ and tackling a cost of living crisis that he can scarcely understand the theory of let alone experience. "It’s 2022, this anachronistic mess must end." @gramatter, who accompanied his tweet with #AbolishTheMonarchy, also laid into the Prince of Wales over the cost of living crisis. He said: "As he sits on his gold throne next to a hat made of precious jewels, English Prince Charles adorned with bogus medals talks about how his Government will solve the cost of living crisis. READ MORE: Prince William's body language analysed: 'Nervous' Duke felt 'weight of responsibility' "Meanwhile, thousands of his subjects are forced to use food banks." However, other Twitter users were more supportive of the Prince of Wales. @camilla17071947 said: "You did it very, very brilliantly, YRH! "I was so nervous just watching it. The future King and Queen looked so calm and dignified today." DON'T MISS: Kate becomes ‘new Diana’ as she shows off bold fashion choices [REVEALED]Prince William 'went deep' probing Mel B about relationship, star says [SEE MORE]Prince William and Kate whiz to Manchester for poignant event [INSIGHT] Meanwhile @dcb461106 added: "Prince Charles spoke with quiet dignity, and was very proud of both him and Prince William today. "Sad to see the crown without the ever-lovely Queen. "Prayers for her always. Know she is so proud of her son and grandson." @jeannesmith1 said: "HRH Prince Charles delivered the #TheQueensSpeech in a very pleasant modulated voice, and timbre, that’s a pleasure to listen to. "He did very well on behalf of HM The Queen."