John McEnroe has claimed Emma Raducanu’s “revolving door” of coaches has hindered her career since her US Open triumph. The world No.12 today lost 3-6 6-1 6-1 to world No.47 Aliaksandra Sasnovich at the French Open - and has not got beyond the third round of a Grand Slam this year. The British No.1 split with Andrew Richardson after her New York win - and then dispensed with German Torben Beltz before the claycourt season. Eurosport tennis expert McEnroe said: "Honestly, if I won the US Open having gone through qualifying, I wouldn’t change my coach at least for the next year, so I don’t understand that move. "Obviously her parents are involved and they know more than I know. But this idea of a revolving door of coaches I just don’t think that’s good for any player, much less so for a player at this stage of her career. We have to wait and see and hopefully she finds someone she can stick with for a while. "We have got to keep a little perspective here. At Wimbledon last year she was unable to finish a match because of stress and it got to be too much for her. Then she came out and did something that no one has ever done – man or woman – in 150 years of tennis, coming from the qualifying and winning. JUST IN Wimbledon could have ranking points decision REVERSED as ATP council member speaks out  "All of a sudden, there is this pressure on her, this expectation, that has gotten a little bit overwhelming as well. She has changed coaches, three, four or five times which is unbelievable for someone who has just come off winning a major. "I think movement is an issue for her, obviously experience, she is still very young. She has sort of put herself in a difficult position because a lot is expected of her and with the people around her, we are not sure if she is comfortable with them just yet. Hopefully in the next year or two she will find that.” DON'T MISS Novak Djokovic gets French Open win vs former coach Marian Vajda's new charge Alex Molcan Andy Murray weighs in on whether Novak Djokovic, Rafa Nadal and co will boycott Wimbledon Alexander Zverev booed by French Open crowd after flipping out at his own team  Raducanu said she had no plans to add to her coaching team before Wimbledon. “I was pretty happy with how things have been going the last month,” she claimed. “I think I'm definitely playing some good tennis. It might not show like straightaway, but there are definitely elements, you know, whether that's on the practice court or certain moments on the match court I feel like I am and have made improvements throughout the whole clay season. Now looking forward, I'm pretty satisfied with what I've got right now.” Watch every match from Roland-Garros live and exclusive on discovery+ and Eurosport 