As Chelsea sign off from the Premier League as the best of the rest in third place, transfer chief Marina Granovskaia knows the real work starts now in preparing for a busy summer window. The Canadian-Russian director is set to stay in her role for the time being once Todd Boehly’s takeover goes through due to her strong relationship with Thomas Tuchel and Petr Cech. Granovskaia has negotiated huge deals in the past with contrasting fortunes, from the £72million capture of Kai Havertz to the club-record deal for Romelu Lukaku that cost £97.5m last summer. But on the whole, there is a feeling that in kicking off the new era at the club, there are decisions that she cannot afford to get wrong. Tuchel will be hoping that Boehly is ready to invest some of the funds promised into the side to help bridge the gap to Liverpool and Manchester City after falling far behind this season, finishing third with a 2-1 win over Watford. But which areas does Granvoskaia need to address in the transfer market? Express Sport looks at four key positions… READ MORE: 6 Chelsea players who may never play for the club again after Watford Quite simply, Chelsea are definitely losing two key defenders and that is likely to become three if Cesar Azpilicueta, as expected, waves goodbye to a decade of being a Chelsea player. Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen have already announced their departures, with Real Madrid and Barcelona their respective destinations. Tuchel has made no secret of the fact he wants to sign Jules Kounde after coming close to capturing the Sevilla star last summer, only for the asking price to be increased to £68m. It should be closer to £50m this time around, which would surely be affordable for the Blues. If the pursestrings are tight, Alessio Romagnoli has been a long-term target for the club and is available to sign on a free transfer from AC Milan. Josko Gvardiol and Wesley Fofana are prospects for the future, but would command large transfer fees, which may put them out of Chelsea’s range. DON'T MISS Shearer left red-faced as pre-season PL predictions backfireChelsea tipped to sign Pogba to give Tuchel dream partnershipChelsea given Jorginho reassurance as agent quashes Juventus links Reece James and Mason Mount are not under any immediate threat of leaving Chelsea, but there will be some concern with how Rudiger and Christensen have been able to leave for free this summer. Mount has been the star of the Blues’ season, while James has chipped in with five goals and eight assists — a superb contribution for a right wing-back. The pair are regarded as central to the club’s future and may be a few who are marked as unsellable. But Real Madrid’s interest suggest perhaps they sense the pair are there for the taking. But the club can only ensure that by tying them down to lucrative long-term contracts. That must be Boehly and Granvoskaia’s first priority before making new signings, otherwise Chelsea could find themselves losing a core of their team for the next five years and beyond. There have been signs that Lukaku is slowly finding his best form again after three goals in as many games, but his return to Stamford Bridge has been disappointing on the whole. No one will be more keen for him to succeed than Granovskaia, but if the Belgian is still keen on returning to Italy, cutting their losses will be the biggest priority. If the 28-year-old leaves, it means Chelsea would again need to find a replacement. Robert Lewandowski would be an obvious option, but the 33-year-old has his sights set on a move to Barcelona. That could open the door for another free transfer, with Paulo Dybala set to leave Juventus as a free agent. But a target man may be required as a like-for-like replacement, it could be that Chelsea join the race for Darwin Nunez if they sell Lukaku. But right now, there is a big question mark hanging above his head. A large part of the Roman Abramovich legacy is what the Russian invested in the Cobham legacy. And with the likes of Levi Colwill, Conor Gallagher and Ian Maatsen returning to the club this summer from their respective loans, it is imperative they are shown there is still a pathway to the first team. Granovskaia will know that Boehly will be keen to continue producing world class talents, but that will only happen if they can see a future for themselves. Harvey Vale, Lewis Hall and Jude Soonsup-Bell could be the next generation, but none have featured in the Premier League this season. The trio of Granovskaia, Cech and Boehly must work with Tuchel to change that in 2022-23 — or risk losing more talents to Premier League rivals.