A new study conducted by the University of Tubingen in Germany has found a low-calorie diet can delay the onset of type two diabetes and boost the immune system at the same time. The reason for this, say researchers, is down to how a low-calorie diet effects the gut microbiome, a group of trillions of microorganisms and intestinal bacteria in the digestive tract. Metabolism and the immune system are just two of the body’s elements the gut microbiome has an influence over. As a result, this slows down the deterioration of the immune system as people get older. READ MORE: Erectile dysfunction can signal two life-threatening conditions  Speaking about the results Dr Julia Sbierski-Kind said: “These findings suggest that the positive effects of a low-calorie diet on metabolism and the immune system are mediated via the gut microbiome.” However, while the results of the study are promising, there is one caveat; the study only featured one participant. Nevertheless, it’s believed the study’s finding could provide interesting insight for medicinal practice in the future. Dr Jumpertz-von Schwartzenberg said the study may “set the stage for the development of new microbiome-based therapeutic avenues to treat metabolic and immune diseases”.  Meanwhile, a US company has had to halt the trial of a drug it was using to treat type one diabetes. Vertex Pharmaceuticals announced the study was being placed on clinical hold. The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) said in a statement there was insufficient evidence to support increasing the dosage of the drug known as VX-880. Vertex said it is “surprised” by the decision to halt the study as results have been promising in two patients treated with a half dose of the product. VX-880, the drug under clinical hold, uses a type of cell therapy to treat type one diabetes. Cell therapy is a type of treatment where new healthy cells are introduced into the body of a patient in order to replace other cells. Early data had suggested VX-880 had potential with one patient reporting improved blood sugar control within 29 days of starting on the full dose. Dr Carmen Bozic added: “The results from the first two patients treated with half the target dose does establish proof-of-concept by demonstrating VX-880 can restore glucose related insulin production and improve glycaemic control.” The FDA has yet to provide a reason for the clinical hold with experts describing it as “somewhat cryptic”. Vertex had previously been most well known for producing cystic fibrosis medication. Traditionally, one of the most effective ways to treat type one diabetes is through the tactical injection of insulin to aid the breakdown of insulin. However, recent developments such as automatic pumps, have meant managing diabetes could soon become far easier for the close to five million people with the condition.