Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's daughter Lilibet is turning one on Saturday. The couple, and their two children, will be in the UK for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations over the weekend and Saturday is reportedly the day the Queen could meet her namesake great-granddaughter. Speaking on 5 News, The Sunday Times royal editor Roya Nikkhah discussed where we will see the couple at the celebrations and the young royal's birthday plans. Ms Nikkhah said: "I think, realistically, probably at the more formal events. "I think we will see them at the Trooping of the Colour and I think we will definitely see them at the Service of Thanksgiving. "Beyond that, I am not quite sure". She added: "On Saturday, of course, the Queen is going to be at home now at Windsor Castle. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry to have ZERO solo engagements in Jubilee crackdown "Meghan and Harry are just up the road at Frogmore Cottage. "I suspect that this will be the day, Lilibet's first birthday, that she will have a meeting with her great-granddaughter. This will be their first-ever time meeting since Lilibet was born in the US and is yet to visit the UK. Ms Nikkhah said: "[The Queen] has never seen her, never met her and it'll be a wonderful family moment, I'm sure, for both of them". READ MORE: Royal courtiers working tirelessly to remove flashpoints as 'Sussex bomb' about to drop The 96-year-old monarch is likely to miss her favourite sporting event, the Derby horse races at Epsom, for Lilibet's birthday. Since their daughter was born on June 4 last year, Meghan and Harry have only been to the UK once together. In April, the couple made a quick visit to the Queen at Windsor Castle on their way to the Invictus Games. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry 'trying to control' Jubilee narrative after snub [INSIGHT]Prince Harry and Meghan's new TV show 'smacks of desperation' [VIDEO]Prince Andrew broke Philip's memorial plans by escorting Queen [ANALYSIS] Since announcing their royal exit in January 2020, Meghan and Harry have settled in the US. They moved there with their son Archie and welcomed their daughter the following year. They reside in California.