Mark Charnock, who plays Marlon Dingle on Emmerdale, was left “traumatised” after an experience on public transport. The actor confessed his awkward gaffe on Twitter. In view of his 187.9k followers, Mark wrote: “Happily reading on the train listening to soft ambient music on my headphones. Very soft. “How subtle and comforting,”I thought,until someone tapped me on the shoulder and politely mentioned that my headphones were off and everyone was being subjected to Brian Eno." (sic). He added: “I hate myself.” His followers flocked to share their thoughts, with some complimenting his choice of music. Doreen wrote: “Could happen to anyone. Shame people don't share your taste in music…” Patricia added: “I think they should be appreciative of listening to Brian Eno!!” David told Mark: “I've done that in the past. But it was the Love Theme from St Elmo's Fire.” To this, the actor replied: “They should have thanked you.” Mark has been receiving rave reviews recently after he portrayed his Emmerdale character Marlon suffering from a stroke. Speaking of Marlon’s perspective on life after the stroke, Mark explained to Express.co.uk and other press that the character now thinks he “can’t be the dad he wanted to be” for his children. However, other characters, including Marlon’s love interest Rhona Goskirk, will support him following the traumatic experience. Mark said: “I don't think he’s going to get to where he wants to be for a long time, and we're just at the beginning of his journey. “He can't work anymore, and he feels, wrongly, that he can't be the dad he wants to be anymore, which is everything to him, because of his incapacitation. “But because of Rhona and Paddy and other characters who come into this story who are a big support. “There's some comedy in it too, there's some fun to be had in it and some lovely scenes with Paddy, really funny and well written in the hospital quite early on. “There’s a great deal of hope that things can only get better from where they are, there’s positivity to be had from it too. “So hopefully apart from it being distressing, traumatic for the characters, also it will inspire them to get their lives back.” Mark went on to explain how he hopes the impactful storyline inspires viewers to make a positive change to their lives. He said: “And hopefully it will inspire the people watching to maybe change their lifestyles a little bit in order to head this off before it happens to them – because it happens to so many people."