Spain is one of the UK’s top holiday destinations and according to easyJet over 30 percent of Britons plan to holiday there this year. However tourists could be hit with fines if they ignore some rules. Bikinis are completely fine on a Spanish beach but that’s where they belong in some areas of Spain. Topless men and women in bikinis could be fined up to 300 euros (£253) on the street in Barcelona and Marjorca. Tourists will need to cover up in certain areas to avoid getting a fine so it’s best to bring a cover up to the beach. Fines could even be issued on adjacent streets close to the beach so tourists should keep their shirt on until they hit the sand. READ MORE: Ryanair boss Michael O’Leary shares urgent holiday warning Tourists can be fined up to 750 euros (£634) for using soap or shampoo at some communal beach shower facilities. This is because the chemicals in these products can be extremely harmful to marine life. In some areas of Spain, beach showers are switched off if there’s a water shortage so tourists will need to shower at home. Smoking is banned on some beaches in areas of Spain, including Barcelona, the Balearics and the Canary islands. Tourists will be able to smoke in a designated smoking zone so smokers should watch out for clear signs before lighting up. Smoking away from a designated area could see a tourist fined up to 2,000 euros (£1,691). Cigarette butts can be extremely harmful to marine life as well as making the general environment unpleasant for visitors. Balconing is when tourists decide to jump into a hotel swimming pool from their balcony or try to climb between balconies. It’s extremely dangerous and has sadly led to the deaths of several British tourists in Spain. It can also be dangerous for passersby and witnesses who could be injured in a potential fall or accident. Spain is attempting to stop the practice by introducing a huge 60,000 euro fine (£50k) for anyone caught balconing. Drinking alcohol on the streets is banned in some areas of Spain including Barcelona and Madrid. Holidaymakers could be fined up to 600 euros (£507) for breaching the strict rules in the cities. Tourists holidaying in parts of Majorca and Ibiza will also face new drinking rules this year including a six drink limit at some all-inclusives. Party boat cruises, all-you-can-drink bar crawls and some drink offers will also be banned in an attempt to cut down on rowdy behaviour.