Real Madrid star Toni Kroos pushed Eden Hazard’s arm away when he tried to give the Germany international’s son champagne on Saturday night. Los Blancos are Champions League winners again after beating Liverpool 1-0 in the final. Vinicius Jr scored the only goal of the game to make manager Carlo Ancelotti a record-breaker in the process. Real Madrid went into their game against Liverpool as underdogs, despite beating the likes of Paris Saint-Germain, Chelsea and Manchester City on their way to the final. And they secured the prize in Paris through Vinicius Jr, with the Brazil international converting from close range in the 59th minute of the contest. After the game, Real players celebrated jubilantly in their dressing room. And, during those moments, Hazard decided to cheekily try and give some champagne to Kroos’ son. The Germany international witnessed this unfolding in front of him. So he intervened, pushing Hazard’s arm away before telling his son to go elsewhere. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Kroos also wagged his finger at his child, making it clear he wouldn’t be allowed any alcohol on the night. And Hazard managed a cheeky grin knowing that he’d nearly got Kroos’ son into trouble. Kroos is now one of nine players in history to have won the Champions League five times throughout their playing career. Until Saturday night, Cristiano Ronaldo was the only star to have claimed the trophy on five separate occasions. But Kroos, Gareth Bale, Karim Benzema, Casemiro, Dani Carvajal, Isco, Marcelo and Luka Modric have all now equalled the 37-year-old’s record. Ancelotti himself has also etched his name into history, becoming the first manager to win the Champions League four times. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And, reacting after the game in Paris, he said: "I can't believe it. We had a fantastic season. “We did really well. It was a difficult game and we suffered a lot, more so in the first half. In the end I think we deserved to win this competition. "We're really happy. What can I say? I can't say more. "I am a record man. I had luck to come here last year and have a fantastic season. “A fantastic club, a really good squad with a lot of quality and mental character. "The season was top. "I think we passed through really difficult games. The supporters helped us a lot in the last game. They helped us tonight. “We're happy and they're happy.” While it was joy for Madrid, it was agony for Jurgen Klopp and his Liverpool side. Yet the German insisted they’d respond next season, saying: "It feels different. It's not bad to get to the final. It's a kind of success. Not the success you want to have. "I have a strong feeling we'll come again. The boys are really competitive. It's an outstanding group together. We will have an outstanding group next season. "Where's it next season? Istanbul? Book the hotel." Real Madrid will now look to retain their trophy next season, having previously done the same under Zinedine Zidane. After claiming the trophy under the Frenchman in 2016, they proceeded to win it the following two years on the trot. The last time Liverpool lost a Champions League final, meanwhile, they were able to bounce back by reaching the same stage the following year - beating Tottenham in Madrid three years ago having lost to Los Blancos 12 months previously.