On advanced melanoma, Macmillan Cancer Support says: “Symptoms depend on where the melanoma has spread to in the body. “Symptoms of advanced melanoma can begin years after the original melanoma was removed. “For some people the melanoma may be advanced when it is first diagnosed.” One of the most common signs of bowel cancer is a change in bowel habits such as pooing more often and the poo in question exhibiting a runnier, less solid, consistency. READ MORE: Harry H. Corbett’s fight with heart attacks Symptoms that show the melanoma is affecting the digestive system include:• Blood in or on your poo• Pain the tummy• A change in bowel function• Vomiting• Unexplained tiredness caused by low red blood cells. If blood is in the poo, it will cause a change of colour.  Should a person experience the symptoms of bowel cancer it is essential they see their GP as soon as possible. One of the most common signs of bowel cancer is a change in bowel habit such as pooing more often and the poo in question exhibiting a runnier, less solid, consistency. Bowel cancer has been in the news recently amid reports the campaigner Dame Deborah James has entered end of life care. The host of the podcast, You, Me, And The Big C, James was diagnosed in 2016 and has shared her experiences of living with cancer since then. Earlier this year, James announced she had started end of life care. Soon after this announcement, James launched a crowdfunding campaign with Cancer Research UK to raise money for bowel cancer research. Amid the flood of donations and support James said: “I believe I may have had the most surreal, mind-blowing, humbling five days of my life. “I cannot thank you for your generosity. My family are being amazing and as emotional as it all is, we are finding so much to smile about in the sadness.” In response to her damehood, the Boris Johnson said: “If ever an honour was richly deserved, this is it. “Deborah has been an inspiration and her honesty, warmth and courage has been a source of strength to so many people.”