The occupiers are trying to conceal the losses with Russian troops checking vehicles, likely searching for the partisans, according to the Zaporizhzhia Regional Military Administration on Telegram. Although the reports could not be immediately confirmed, Ukraine has killed several high ranking Russian officers throughout the war in a humiliating blow for Putin. The Kyiv Independent reported that Russian officers had been killed. “Ukraine's Military: High-ranking Russian military officials killed by Melitopol guerrillas," their report said. It quoted the Zaporizhzhia Regional Military Administration Telegram channel which, on May 17, said Russian occupying forces are "trying to hide this situation." The Kremlin's troops are checking private vehicles in the area, "probably in search of guerrillas".  The Kyiv Post, citing UNIAN news agency, said a guerrilla attack allegedly left two men, both Russian, lying dead on the pavement. The bodies were quickly removed. RIA Melitopol echoed the report and said two Russians had been “liquidated” and that Russian soldiers were carrying out vehicle searches in response. The news comes amid several other partisan attacks in the city with assassinations, explosions and gunfire reported. Ukrainian guerrillas bombed a “Z” train in Melitopol carrying Russian military personnel and ammunition. Casualties from that attack were unknown, however, the train is believed to have been severely damaged. READ MORE: Putin behaviour points to 'detachment' cancer side effect  Melitopol Mayor Ivan Federov confirmed the sabotage during a live broadcast on social media. He said Ukrainian military units, partisans and sabotage groups were all participating in resistance actions against the occupier. He added the attacks were just the beginning and that “the earth will burn under the feet of the invaders”. Frequent partisan attacks by Ukrainian forces behind enemy lines will likely continue to be a thorn in the Russian invaders’ side. The southern city of Melitopol has been under Russian control since March 1 following heavy fighting in the first week of the war which saw the city captured.  DON'T MISS:Parents panic after boy stabbed knifed at school gates [REPORT]Struggling mum speechless after collecting chippy tea [INSIGHT]Queen pictured beaming as she’s presented with majestic rare horse [PICTURES] It is close to the Crimean peninsula, and was one of the first cities attacked in the war. Ukraine has been particularly effective at targeting Russian commanders during the war - the United States estimates eight to 10 Russian Generals have been killed while the Ukraine puts the number at 12. The fact that so many Russian officers have been killed has led military experts to suggest the commanders feel the need to be close to the front line in order to effectively carry out their battle plans. 