Local authorities said contact was lost with the Tara Air plane at around 9.55 am local time on Sunday morning, shortly after take-off. The aircraft was carrying 22 passengers at the time, and 14 bodies have been recovered, a Nepal army spokesperson has said. There are not thought to have been any survivors among the 19 passengers and three crew members. Brigadier General Narayan Silwal said search teams had managed to "physically locate" the remains of the plane in Thasang-2 and Tek Raj Sitaula, spokesperson for Tribhuvan International Airport in Kathmandu said "the search for others is continuing". The Civil Aviation Authority of Nepal said on Twitter that "so far, 14 bodies have been found and are yet to be identified". The plane lost contact with the ground just five minutes before it was expected to land after its 20-minute flight.  The plane, with the registration 9N-AET, had left Pokhara, a known tourist destination, located around 80 miles from Kathmandu. It was bound for pilgrimage site Jomsom, around 50 miles northwest of Pokhara, in northern Nepal. The turboprop Twin Otter was operated by private airline Tara Air, and was travelling through an area of stark mountaintops and deep gorges. The area is notoriously difficult to navigate, and bad weather hampered rescue efforts over the weekend. READ MORE: Russia's army 'being mowed down' by Ukraine  The search for the plane had previously been paused due to poor weather conditions over the difficult terrain on Sunday evening. Efforts then resumed with daylight on Monday morning. The Civil Aviation Authority added in a statement: "One search helicopter returned to Jomsom due to bad weather without locating the plane." The Authority continued: "Helicopters are ready to take off for search from Kathmandu, Pokhara and Jomsom once weather conditions improve. DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Huge blow for Putin as 'mutinies' erupt [LIVE] Boris eviscerated for failing Britons as Labour storm ahead [REACTION] 100 migrants to get removal notices for Rwanda ‘in days’ [REPORT]  "Army and police search teams have left towards the site." Tara Air said 16 of those on board, including the crew, were Nepali nationals, along with four Indians and two Germans. Flight tracking and monitoring site, Flightradar24, said the destroyed aircraft had completed its first flight back in 1979. The flight sent its final signal at 10.07am local time, just 12 minutes after taking off from Pokhara.  It was flying at an altitude of nearly 13,000 feet, or 12,900 metres, at the time. Nepal, home to many of the world's highest mountains, has a troubled track record of plane crashes, often due to the treacherous terrain and unexpected weather changes. Tens of people have been killed in aviation accidents in the country in the past few years, including 51 people who died in 2018 after a plane caught fire landing in Kathmandu from Bangladesh.