After recently starring in the 2018 BBC series People Just Do Nothing, Steve Stamp and best friend Allan 'Seapa' Mustafa rose to stardom as the show gained momentum and popularity. Now the pair have ventured into a new type of comedy alongside co-stars Callie Cook, Mandeep Dhillon, Thomas Gray and Lucien Laviscount for a new BBC Three comedy, Peacock. Steve opened up about the series and what it was like for him to work alongside his best friend again before teasing the future of the series. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Steve opened up on what viewers could expect to see: "It is a man's journey, finding himself and I guess an exploration of the modern gym and dating culture. "Would you say that it about right?" he turned to ask Allan, who agreed: "Yeah, it's about growing up and struggling with male ego and toxic masculinity in a modern world." Steve joked: "It's got the least episodes out of them all, and they're really good," referring to the fact the series only consists of three episodes. Touching on the success of the first series and whether there is the second instalment in the works, Steve excitedly revealed: "Yeah, hopefully. READ MORE: Ozark showrunner addresses hopes for spin-off as fans slam ending "I don't know exactly how much I can say, but yeah, the plan is definitely, this is the kind of, the start of the journey for the cast!" Whilst speaking with their fellow cast members, both Steve and Allan touched on how "unprofessional" they both felt. Allan referred to Steve as a "comfort blanket" before his co-star said: "We kind of present our lack of professionalism as improvising and not knowing our lines, we don't even need to know our lines! "I give myself very few lines due to feeling unprofessional amongst these guys!" Episodes one and two saw Allan's character Andy finding himself having a quarter-life crisis. He began to realise that his playboy persona and job as a personal trainer were starting to wear thin. He realised everyone around him was moving on, making him question whether he should be trying new things. Andy went on to have a mushroom trip induced breakdown and decided to apply for the Head Trainer job and set his sights on making things serious with client Carly (played by Callie Cook). DON'T MISS...BBC star Steve Stamp admits to feeling 'unprofessional'  [INSIGHT]Alison Steadman admits to 'getting old' whilst filming for comedy  [LATEST]Here We Go star Alison Steadman recalls 'weird feeling' on-set  [WATCH] However, it turned out creating a meaningful connection with a girl wasn't as easy as Andy thought it would be. He realised he needed to start showing people the real Andy Peacock. The synopsis for the third and final episode, which airs Monday, May 9, reads: "Life is on the up for Andy. "Things are going well with Georgia (Mandeep Dhillon), and he’s also decided he’s going to be the bigger man and not let Jay get to him anymore. "This all goes out the window when he finds out Jay (Lucien Laviscount) has been secretly attempting to poach his most lucrative client, Jonathan. "Andy challenges Jay to a contest of strength to establish who gets to keep Jonathan, but more importantly, who is the real alpha at Sportif Leisure. "But in doing so, he compromises his second date with Georgia and risks losing the only thing that’s going well in his life." Will Andy risk his love life and possible future with Georgia for the sake of beating his rival, Jay? Peacock airs Monday from 10pm on BBC Three.