Newcastle United are poised to turn their back on a summer swoop for Jesse Lingard despite the Manchester United outcast's availability on a free transfer. Reports indicate that the out-of-favour midfielder's huge financial demands have put the Magpies off, as a switch to Serie A or West Ham looks increasingly likely. Lingard came close to a Tyneside switch in January, but Newcastle were not taken by United's extortionate financial demands which would have bumped the short-term loan deal up to £16million. Now safe, the Magpies are believed to be prioritising youth ahead of the summer transfer window. The Telegraph claim that a move for Lingard is therefore extremely unlikely amid demands of over £150,000-a-week and a significant signing-on fee. The player's next move seems destined to be West Ham or abroad, with plenty of reported interest from Italy. The likes of Fikayo Tomori and Tammy Abraham both took the same path last summer in moves which have paid dividends. JUST IN: West Ham 'offer Declan Rice huge EIGHT-YEAR contract' to ward off Man Utd and Chelsea  With Premier League relegation a real possibility at the time, Newcastle opted for experience in January through the likes of Kieran Trippier, Chris Wood and Dan Burn. Adding a huge earner like Lingard, who will turn 30 later this year, to an already ageing squad and bulging wage bill is evidently not seen as good business. It remains to be seen whether West Ham boss David Moyes would be willing to stump up that kind of cash, given that Lingard is tried and tested at the London Stadium. The Red Devils youth product had a successful loan spell last season, in which he bagged nine goals in 16 matches to fire the Hammers to Europa League qualification. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag’s five-man Man Utd strikeforce with two signings and Cristiano Ronaldo [COMMENT]Man Utd to save £50m when six stars leave and plan to repeat Jadon Sancho transfer tactic [TRANSFERS]Chelsea's stunning starting XI if Thomas Tuchel signs Richard Keys' three suggestions [TRANSFERS] Lingard was believed to be keen on sealing a loan exit in January, having been starved of game time at Old Trafford. United drove an obscenely hard bargain in negotiations with the Magpies, however, and the midfielder was effectively denied a move and left to collect dust on the bench for the remainder of the campaign. The 29-year-old will need a lightning start to next season if he is to work his way into Gareth Southgate's World Cup plans. Abraham has featured in recent Three Lions squads after moving out to Roma, while Tomori is considered unlucky by many to have missed out while shining for AC Milan. Lingard's brother recently kicked up a fuss on social media when interim boss Ralf Rangnick denied the player the opportunity of an Old Trafford farewell. The benched star has been with the club for over 20 years having joined as a young schoolboy.  Club hero Gary Neville was not so sympathetic, telling his podcast: "The nonsense over Jesse Lingard, look, Jesse's been at the club a long time, done a good job, but I saw Bryan Robson and Steve Bruce not play in their last games and not get a send-off in cup finals. "One of them maybe is the greatest captain Manchester United have ever had and other one is one of the greatest and they didn't get that send-off, a farewell from the fans. I'm not quite sure why Jesse Lingard deserves it. I was thrown away at West Brom in a toilet. At the end of the day, it doesn't work out, Jesse." 