Researchers from the University of Arizona have found a link between the gene in the body that causes Parkinson’s and vocal changes. The research suggests a specific gene associated with Parkinson’s could be behind vocal changes associated with the condition; Parkinson's sufferers normally develop a soft monotonous voice. The hope is the establishment of this link will lead to earlier diagnoses and the beginning of treatment to stem the progress of the disease. Speaking of the researcher Professor Julie Miller said: “We have this big gap here – we don’t know how this disease impacts the brain regions for vocal production, and this is really an opportunity to intervene early and come up with better treatments.” READ MORE: Two Covid symptoms to take 'seriously' as new variants hit UK   In common with other neurodegenerative conditions such as motor neurone disease and dementia, there is currently no cure for Parkinson’s disease. However, unlike the other diseases, there are some treatments the NHS says can “help relieve the symptoms and maintain quality of life” such as supportive therapies, medication, and surgery. Early symptoms of Parkinson’s include:• Tremors• Slowness of movement• Muscle stiffness. While these are the main symptoms of Parkinson’s the NHS adds “there can be causes other than Parkinson’s disease”.  Meanwhile, there has been a breakthrough in the search for a cure for Parkinson’s. Scientists have identified the type of brain cells linked to the condition. While it has been known for years that Parkinson’s is linked with the gradual death of cells in the brain, identify of the cells in question has remained unknown. A team of researchers at Harvard and MIT have now identified these cells. The researchers used a new technique called RNA sequencing, one which allows cells within a tissue to be analysed, to see which cells were being affected. Having whittled their search down to 10 cell subtypes they were able to mark which cell causes Parkinson’s. Professor Evan Macosko described the process as “like looking for a needle in a haystack”. The results of the study are published in the journal Nature Neuroscience. Discovering which cell causes Parkinson’s is a breakthrough moment for the scientific community that can lead to a greater understanding of how the disease is caused. Furthermore, if scientists can work out how to stop these cells dying this, in turn, could lead to a potential cure for the condition. Although it is possible to live with Parkinson’s for a time and to alleviate its symptoms, for all it is a losing battle. In a few years the hope is the tide of the battle could turn in the patient’s favour.