According to the weather forecast, an active jet stream is bringing unsettled weather to the UK next week, with spells of rain and wind expected for most. The weather this weekend will largely see a northwest/southeast split, with rain expected for much of the weekend in the west of Scotland, while the southeast can expect calmer weather with only a small chance of a few brief interludes of showers.  In the south, temperatures are expected to remain rather warm for the time of year, likely peaking at around 24C in London on Sunday. Met Office Deputy Chief Meteorologist Dan Rudman said: “The strengthening of the jet stream increases the chances of low-pressure systems developing over the Atlantic being pushed towards the UK. “Although there are still some details to be determined on the depth and timings of these lows, what we do know is that there’s some unsettled weather on the way next week, with some strong winds likely from the middle of the week, especially in the north. “Weather of this nature isn’t unusual in a UK spring, with changes in the jet stream frequently bringing interludes of unsettled weather.”   That theme of unsettled weather looks likely to continue through the latter part of next week with some longer spells of rain possible in northern areas. The best of any sunshine is looking to be most likely in the south and southeast. Next week rain and strong winds will sweep across most of the country as a result of a strengthening of the jet stream, but forecasters are hopeful the warm weather will return in time for the Jubilee weekend. The Met Office predicted: “Although it’s a long way off, there are signs that although the following week (W/C 30 May) may start unsettled, it may start to become more settled, for the south in particular. READ MORE: Ambulances rush to store as 'people collapsing'  “We’re still some two weeks away from the Jubilee Weekend, but the long-range outlook shows a trend for some possible warm weather in southern areas, and closer to average temperatures further north.” It comes after a very warm week which has seen highs of more than 22C (72F) every day since last Saturday – including the hottest day of the year so far on Tuesday when London Heathrow Airport got up to 27.5C (81.5F). The UK's previous 2022 high before this week was 23.6C (73.5F), recorded at Faversham in Kent on May 6 – and the last time the UK daily high was below 20C (68F) was Friday, May 12 when Manston in Kent got to 19.2C (66.6F). However, forecasters now consider the possibility of 'blood rain', when concentrations of red dust or particles get mixed into rain and make it look red-hued as it falls, to be unlikely as the weather system loses its grip on the UK. DON'T MISS:Queen ‘practically skipping’ with reliefHuge tornado strikes Northern Michigan leaving one deadCost of living crisis leaves hard up British pensioners facing DEATH