The Duke of York was photographed behind the wheel of a Range Rover on May 23. In the picture, the Queen's second son could be seen smiling widely as he drove in Windsor. Prince Andrew appeared in high spirits while driving and was spotted wearing a blue buttoned-up shirt. His appearance comes hours after it was claimed the Duke will attend Garter Day on June 13 - one of the most prominent royal events of the year. Andrew's presence would also reportedly be listed in the Court Circular, the registry taking note of all the official events attended by working royals. A Palace source told the Telegraph Prince Andrew's inclusion in the royal diary would be "standard practice". Indeed, the registry normally records only official events carried out by working members of the Firm. However, non-senior royals may also appear in the diary if they attend major engagements - such as Trooping the Colour and services of thanksgiving. Prince Andrew would attend Garter Day this year in a private capacity as one of the Order's Royal Knights. This title is considered a private one as it is bestowed directly by the Queen as the sovereign of the Order, who appoints her knights without consulting ministers. READ MORE: Princess Anne sparks royal frenzy after stepping out in uniform The Duke stepped back from public duties in November 2019, following his interview with Newsnight's Emily Maitlis. In January, Buckingham Palace announced he would continue not to carry out royal duties and that he had returned his military and royal patronages to the Queen. Andrew last attended a public event in March, when he accompanied Her Majesty to the service of thanksgiving for Prince Philip. Mother and son arrived together at Westminster Abbey and Andrew walked with his mother from a side entrance near Poets' Corner to the front rows of seats. Hundreds of people traditionally line up to watch the Garter Knights taking part in a procession through the grounds of Windsor Castle in their traditional velvet robes and plumed hats. Garter Day normally involves a ceremony in the Garter throne room, a lunch in the Waterloo Chamber followed by a procession to St George's Chapel and a service. It is not yet known whether the Queen will attend this event next month, as her presence depends on her health. The monarch is experiencing episodic mobility issues, which have forced her to cut down on the number of engagements she carries out outside of her residences. This year's ceremony will be particularly poignant, as it will be the first to take place since the beginning of the pandemic. Moreover, it will be the first one attended by Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, whose admission into the Order was announced on New Year's Eve. This was widely seen as a sign of the Queen's approval of the work carried out by Prince Charles's wife as well as an acknowledgement of her growing role within the Firm. Camilla has been the first royal to have joined the Order since 2008, when Prince William was appointed as a Knight. Other royals have been included in the Order other the years, including the Princess Royal, Prince Charles and Prince Edward. The Order of the Garter is the most senior order of knighthood in the British honours system. It was founded by Edward III of England in 1348. Appointments are normally made in recognition of a national contribution, for public service, or for personal service to the sovereign.