Tens of Cornish houses are expected to be handed over as affordable homes, becoming a mixture of shared ownership, social rent, and Rent to Buy. This is good news for locals as Cornwall is one of the UK areas most hit by the housing crisis. A total of 50 houses in Bodmin, Cornwall, are to be made available for locals at affordable prices. The homes on Launceston Road include 18 available for shared ownership, 26 for social rent, and six as Rent to Buy homes. Rent to Buy is a Government-run initiative which allows first-time buyers to purchase a house with the help of subsided rent. This enables people to save for a deposit before buying the home they are renting. READ MORE: Cleaning: ‘Cheapest’ way to get rid of ants in homes - ‘kills them’ After renting for five years, tenants usually purchase their home through the open market with a mortgage. However, the buyers must still meet eligibility, affordability, and sustainability requirements. Cornish couple Jordan Jones and Leah Frontier said they are delighted to be able to purchase a Rent to Buy home in their native area. They said: "We were looking for a two-bed closer to family if anything. "We’re up in Plymouth at the moment for university, and then we both graduated so we wanted to move home. "It was great because unfortunately Covid really made us struggle to save for a deposit, so the Rent to Buy just made it much more accessible for us really." Will Boucher will also be moving into one of the new homes in Bodmin, but as a shared owner. He said: "I came to find the property just by being a local lad in the area. It caught my eye. "This property is absolutely brilliant, definitely what I need and I’m really looking forward to it. "My brother will be only about two or three doors down so it’s good because he’s going to be close by." The Bodmin properties are all either two-bed and three-bed houses or one-bed flats, set around a central open space. The properties were built by construction firm Ryearch on land formerly owned by a local family. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Provided with funding from Homes England, the project was launched by housing association Westward, which has been building homes for rent and shared ownership for years. The company's director of development, Rachel Searle, said: "This was an exciting opportunity for Westward to work on a major site and make a huge difference to local people in terms of their housing options." As house prices rocket and richer city dwellers are tempted by a quieter life in the countryside, it is becoming increasingly difficult for local people in Cornwall to buy houses. In some areas of the region, more than half of the properties are second homes or holiday lets. Around 71 percent of the houses in the parish of St Minver Lowlands are second homes or holiday lets, while 69 percent of the properties in neighbouring St Minver Highlands are the same. Housing projects like Westward's in Bodmin - which is a 30-minute drive away from St Minver - aim to ensure there are affordable houses available for locals in their home towns.