Arsenal fans are convinced that Pep Guardiola has all but confirmed Gabriel Jesus will be leaving Manchester City in the summer after the City chief urged fans to give the Brazilian striker a standing ovation during their emphatic 5-0 win over Newcastle on Sunday. The Gunners have been linked with a move for Jesus, who could quit the Etihad at the end of the season. Jesus was expected to become Manchester City's main man after club legend Sergio Aguero left the club last summer, but instead, the 25-year-old has been a peripheral figure this year. He has featured more prominently in recent weeks, but with just one year left on his current deal in Manchester, Jesus could decide to seek regular football elsewhere. Various reports have confirmed that Arsenal are interested in striking a deal for the £60million-rated star - and now Gunners fans are convinced that Guardiola has as good as confirmed that City are ready to sell Jesus in the summer after he pleaded with the Etihad crowd to give the striker a standing ovation after he was withdrawn in the second half on Sunday. One excited Arsenal fan tweeted: "It's happening," while another reacted with: "He's coming home to Mikel Arteta’s Tricky Reds." A whole host of Gunners fans also flooded the tweet that highlighted Guardiola's actions with messages welcoming Jesus to Arsenal - although it remains to be seen if the Londoners will actually move for the City ace. READ MORE: Redknapp highlights Grealish habit as Man City star laughs off woes The Telegraph reported earlier this week that Arsenal have not yet made a 'formal approach' for the ex-Palmeiras star even though the Gunners have shown a 'firm interest' in prising him away from the Etihad. While Arsenal are on the verge of ending their multi-year exile from the Champions League after enjoying a fine season under Mikel Arteta, the Londoners are in desperate need of attacking reinforcements in the summer. The Gunners failed to replace club captain Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang in January, while Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah are both due to be free agents at the end of the current campaign. After spending the majority of the season on the sidelines, Nketiah is suddenly playing a key role for Arsenal as they look to clinch a top-four finish and even bagged both goals in Arsenal's 2-1 win over Leeds on Sunday. DON'T MISS...Jamie Carragher tears into 'idiot' Luke Ayling after shocking tackleArsenal's Nketiah 'too embarrassed to celebrate' after Leeds howlerLA Dodgers' boss Todd Boehly in £4billion Chelsea buyout The 22-year-old academy graduate has now plundered four goals in four games since he was thrust into the team by Arteta last month. It remains to be seen if the seismic impact he's made in the senior fold in recent weeks will be enough to persuade Arsenal - or Nketiah - that the striker has a future as a first-team regular in north London. But Arteta's glowing post-match comments on the Lewisham-born striker appear to hint that the Spaniard would be open to keeping Nketiah around next year. Speaking about Nketiah after Sunday's win, Arteta said: “Well he is doing what he has done all season, when he’s been sitting on the bench or sat at home – this boy doesn’t change that’s why we adore him. Now, he has the right empowerment and the right personnel around him and he can be judged for what he does on the pitch."