Celebrations for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee are set to begin on June 2. Due to her ongoing mobility struggles, the Palace is pacing Her Majesty's Jubilee agenda but questions have arisen as to whether she will appear on the balcony, along with the rest of the senior royals. Speaking on the latest episode of The Royal Beat, The Sun's former royal editor, Duncan Larcombe discussed the Queen's balcony appearance that she "would not miss for the world". Mr Larcombe said: "There's been a period recently where the question of will she/won't see turn up has been common for a lot of jobs. "Of course, she's stayed mainly in Windsor Castle". He added: "There's tremendous excitement about whether she will join [celebrations]. "[At] the Trooping of the Colour, she's not taking the salute, but will she actually be there", Mr Larcombe added, "there's some speculation she will". READ MORE: Queen heads to Balmoral as frail monarch taking 'short break' before Jubilee celebrations Mr Larcombe continued: "And of course, with the balcony, nobody thinks she would miss that for the world. "So at least, we should be seeing one great historic glimpse of her". The Jubilee is being celebrated with a jam-packed four-day bank holiday, beginning on Thursday, June 2. The Queen reached the major milestone earlier this year when she became the first British monarch to have ever reached seven decades on the throne. READ MORE: Kate Middleton pays tribute to Sussex wedding on eve of their return She began her Platinum year on February 6, 2022. Buckingham Palace announced earlier this month the Queen had decided to watch the upcoming Trooping the Colour parade and the following flypast surrounded only by full-time senior working members of the Firm. A statement, dated May 6, read: "After careful consideration, The Queen has decided this year’s traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday 2nd June will be limited to Her Majesty and those Members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of The Queen." DON'T MISS Kate, William, Sophie and Edward step in for Queen in appearance TODAY [REVEAL] Plan to 'sing Sweet Caroline at street parties' faces fan backlash [INSIGHT] Prince William thought Meghan's visions were 'too political' [SPOTLIGHT] Despite this, the sovereign will also be joined by a few non-working members of the Firm. These will include the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's three children and the two children of the Earl and Countess of Wessex and, also, Princess Anne's husband. The Queen will however be joined by the wider Royal Family on Friday, when she is expected to attend a service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral. Most of Her Majesty's grandchildren, including Prince Harry escorted by his wife Meghan Markle, and potentially some of her great-grandchildren will be in attendance.