 With prices having risen by over 30 percent since the start of the year, both egg farmers and supermarkets are under intense pressure to keep prices low as Britons struggle to make ends meet. Yet, rising production costs are forcing farmers to demand higher purchase prices from supermarket buyers, ultimately affecting the pocket of the average shopper in return.  In an attempt to cut down prices, options are now available to bring in cheaper products from the European Union. The move has seen the National Farmers’ Union grow concerned over standards of produce. NFU President Minette Batters said: “I speak to retailers who are saying we will be importing more Polish eggs, which are produced to lower standards, so we really need to be focusing on and planning for the next year. “All the retailers that haven't made strong commitments to British sourcing will be looking abroad. “We must allow British farmers to be competitive with their EU partners.”  Many British farmers are threatening to leave the egg farming industry if purchase prices do not go up. In a recent survey, as many as 70 percent of farmers stated they would consider alternative products in the future. The Government is under pressure to produce a report on Britain’s future food strategy, which is believed will lay out plans as to how the UK can become more self-reliant in the production of home-grown food, and hence avoid the need to import from the European Union, or beyond. Farmers are looking to the Government for a solid commitment to growing British self-sufficiency. The egg industry is one of the most robust industries when it comes to criticising the Government.  READ MORE:Why you should never store eggs in a fridge door Industry leaders have accused the Government of missing an opportunity from Brexit to apply more stringent checks on products coming into the country from abroad, particularly when it comes to maintaining high standards of products, as well as guarantees on animal welfare. Elwyn Griffiths, of Oaklands Farm Eggs, said: “It looks at the moment that the UK Government will use this country as a dumping ground for cheap food from all over the world.” Until now, Britain has been able to meet market demand for eggs, however, as costs rise, figures show imports from the EU have risen by over 30 percent. The UK imported 1,438 tons of whole eggs from the EU in the year to January 2022.  DON'T MISS:Pelosi ally told to 'mind own business' on Brexit [REPORT]Ambulances rush to store as 'people collapsing' [REVEAL]Ireland expert savages Liz Truss 'big lie' on Brexit deal [INSIGHT] Industry leaders have now stated supermarkets are seeking alternative sources of eggs amid signs fewer British eggs will be available as farmers in the UK are outpriced by their EU counterparts. Robert Gooch, chief executive of the British Free Range Egg Producers Association, said there were currently no issues with the availability of UK products. He said: “We have warned that unless free-range and organic farmers are paid a fair price they will quit the industry and this will cause egg shortages - possibly as early as this winter. “Retailers will no doubt be making contingency plans.”  The cost of living crisis has also hit consumers as hard as farmers. Research by Which? has found price rises of more than 20 percent on some goods, while official figures this week showed many staples have recorded double-digit increases. Which? analysed the prices of more than 21,000 groceries, using average prices at eight big supermarkets, and compared costs for December last year to the end of February this year with the same period two years previously. The analysis found that the prices of 265 lines had gone up by more than a fifth. According to food bank charity, The Trussell Trust: “Between April 1, 2021 and March 31, 2022, food banks in the Trussell Trust’s UK wide network distributed over 2.1 million emergency food parcels to people in crisis. “This is an increase of 14 percent compared to the same period in 2019/20.“832,000 of these parcels went to children.” 