Fabio Fognini may irk the Wimbledon crowd after claiming he’d rather be on holiday than play there this year. As was reported last week, no ranking points will be on offer for those who compete at the All-England Club this summer. As a result, prize money will be cut in half, according to First Sportz, with the tournament now taking on a form similar to an exhibition event. The prize money budget for 2021 was £35 million, which was divided among several categories. This has not impressed Fognini, who claimed he would rather be soaking up in the sun in a blunt statement. “You know that I don't have a great feeling with the grass. I heard prize money will be decreased at Wimbledon. If it happens, I'd rather go on holiday in Formentera..." the Italian remarked. This is not the first time Fognini has criticised the event, as he remarked "I wish a bomb would explode on this club" during a straight set defeat to Tennys Sandgren in 2019, for which he later apologised. Wimbledon is the 34-year-old's weakest slam, as he has never gone past the third round at SW19. Yesterday however, the world number 51 eased past Alexei Popyrin in straight sets to make round two at Roland Garros, where he will face Botic van de Zandschulp. Another player who has slammed the decision to strip Wimbledon of ranking points is Britain's Cam Norrie. JUST IN: Rafael Nadal on retirement as he admitted 'goal' to beat Novak Djokovic and Roger Federer  The former Indian Wells champion says top stars will boycott the tournament and will now be “almost like an exhibition”. The world number 11 warned: “Wimbledon is still such a special event. But I think you’ll see a lot of top players not playing, just resting and getting ready for the hardcourt events. “Making sure that they’re ready for those. Especially those that don’t worry too much about the money. So I could see a lot of players, well maybe a few top players, not playing because of that. It’ll be interesting to see.” Norrie added: “Obviously it’s an extremely difficult situation with everything going on with the war, but for me it's tough. Having a home slam and not having to gain any ranking points from that and the tradition of it. DON'T MISS  "You're not really playing for anything, you're playing this almost like an exhibition so for me it was tough to see that and obviously it's a really tricky situation but I would have liked to see it still have points, still have something on the line. I think now, especially, in my opinion, everyone’s going to take the point of view which suits them better. If you did well at Wimbledon, then you are going to think: 'There should be points or whatever'. "In my opinion, I haven’t spoken to a lot of players but I think most would be upset that there are not points.” Wimbledon have been stripped of ranking points as punishment for banning Russian and Belarussian players from the event due to Russia's ongoing invasion of Ukraine. It means that the likes of men’s world no.2 Daniil Medvedev will not be allowed to compete at the Championships this summer. The points from 2021 will also be stripped in a move that will massively impact reigning champion Novak Djokovic, who could be leapfrogged by the US Open champion in the rankings. 