“Headaches are a common problem that most people will experience in their lives,” said Boots Chief Pharmacist Marc Donovan. “They can often last between 30 minutes and several hours and can be treated at home.” From hydration to painkillers, the expert shared effective remedies that could help ease the “common” problem. Although headaches can sometimes point to a more serious problem, there’s plenty of obvious reasons that could be triggering them. Mr Donovan said: “The most common reasons for headaches can include a cold or flu, stress, drinking too much alcohol, eyesight problems, dehydration from not drinking enough fluids, not eating regular meals, bad posture, taking painkillers regularly over too long a period, or having your period or during menopause.” What’s worse, there are also factors that can make the painful ailment even worse. READ MORE: Pancreatic cancer symptoms: 'A particularly bad odour' when you go to the toilet is a sign The expert said: “There are multiple lifestyle causes that may exacerbate headaches including but not limited to stress, poor sleep, dehydration and too much screen time. “If headaches are causing problems with daily activities, it can be helpful to identify if any of these factors may be adding to the problem.” However, he also provided some tips that could help relief stubborn headaches:  “Learn how to manage and reduce stress and take time to relax, as stress can make headaches worse,” the expert shared. Making sure you’re drinking enough of water could help stave off headaches as a lack of fluids can lead to the problem. However, there’s no need to overhydrate at the same time. “Take moderate painkillers such as paracetamol and ibuprofen, if suitable for you,” Mr Donovan said. If your headache strikes with other symptoms that point to a flu or a cold, it’s also worth having a rest. The expert added: “If you have a headache from a cold or the flu, ensure you are getting enough rest to allow your body to recover.” Mr Donovan said: “Persistent or frequent headaches can sometimes be a symptom of a bigger health issue, which is why it is important to see a GP if painkillers do not help, the headache keeps coming back or your headache gets worse.” However, you will “often” be able to relief your headaches at home, with tension headache being a common cause. The expert concluded: “Tension headaches are the most common type of a headache and are often caused by stress, dehydration, poor posture or skipping meals. “Tension headaches can be treated with moderate painkillers such as ibuprofen or paracetamol, if suitable for you. “It’s also important to ensure you get regular sleep, try to relax to help reduce stress and ensure you are staying well hydrated by drinking plenty of water. “Additionally, you can access migraine treatments online via the Boots Online Doctor on boots.com.”