  Sharon Osbourne, 69, has shared her gratitude for rapper Jamal Rajad after he helped rescue her daughter Aimee Osbourne, 38, from a deadly studio fire. Aimee was helped out of the burning Hollywood building by Jamal before the fire claimed the life of one person and injured two more.     Sharon took to Instagram yesterday to share her heartbreak over the terrible accident, before later thanking Rajad for his quick thinking. Aimee, who is the eldest child of Sharon and her husband Ozzy, was rescued from the blaze two days ago at a studio where she was working at the time. She and her producer made it out alive, but one person tragically died in the fire. Sharon reshared a comment from Rajad's wife, Pretty Face Ray'Ray, who is also a rapper, in view of her 1.1 million Instagram followers. READ MORE: Brian McFadden cheated on Kerry Katona with a stripper at his stag do    She wrote: “Your husband alerting her literally saved her life. THANK YOU @pretty.face.rayray.” The original comment read: “ASKED MY HUSBAND TO CATCH HER [Aimee] SO SHE CAN JUMP OUT OF THE SECOND FLOOR AFTER HE WAS YELLING LETTING EVERYONE IN THE BUILDING KNOW. GLAD SHE DIDN'T HAVE TO [JUMP] AND SHE WAS OKAY.” (sic) She added: “I’m still here right now, hoping I can salvage our studio equipment.” Meanwhile, Rajad revealed on his own Instagram profile that their cats had been sadly killed in the fire.      “I tried to save them but I could not beat the smoke and flames,” he told his followers. Aimee is yet to make a public statement about the fire, but her mum Sharon informed her fans about the “horrific” incident yesterday. “Today my daughter @aro_officialmusic was working in a recording studio at this building with her producer,” she wrote. “They are the lucky two that made it out alive. READ MORE... Jamie Oliver sparks fury over Eton Mess - 'Attack on working class!' [LATEST] Steph McGovern receives support after she's pictured crying at home [UPDATE] James Martin full of regret over opening up about ex Barbara Broccoli [INSIGHT]      “It is utterly heartbreaking that someone lost their life today in this fire and we are sending our prayers to this person and their family. “What happened today was beyond horrific,” Sharon continued. “I really hope moving forward that buildings like this are better regulated for fire safety. “This building was a creative hub for music in Hollywood, a space that should have been regulated for fire code.      “Producers, musicians, mixers and artists also lost all of their equipment,” she added. “Once again, our prayers go out to the family and friends of the person that lost their life to this senseless fire.” Aimee is the lesser-known Osbourne daughter due to her decision not to participate in the family’s reality TV show. With a couple of acting credits to her name, she is lead vocalist for the synth pop band ARO.  