Inter Milan striker Martin Satriano has welcomed transfer interest from Tottenham. Spurs and London rivals Chelsea are both linked with a move for the Uruguayan forward, who is unsure over his future at Inter. Satriano has impressed while on loan at French club Brest in the second half of this season. He has scored four goals in 15 Ligue 1 appearances and has caught the eye of two Premier League sides. The Mirror claimed in April that both Spurs and Chelsea were interested in the 21-year-old. Harry Kane's long-term future remains uncertain, while Romelu Lukaku has not had a successful first season since his £97.5million return. And now Satriano has reacted to the reported interest in him. In an interview with L'Interista, the forward says he is glad to hear of the likes of Tottenham being keen on him. READ MORE: Manchester United 'in pole position' to give Erik ten Hag £85m transfer gift  He said: "I have heard and read about Tottenham, I am obviously glad that some teams have noticed me, but only because it means that I am doing well. I am young and I have to grow.” Inter signed Satriano during Antonio Conte's spell in charge at the San Siro. He arrived from Uruguayan side Nacional in January 2020. However, he did not make his professional debut under Conte, not featuring for the Inter first team until August last year. He made four substitute appearances in the first half of the campaign before his loan to Brest. Before he headed to France, Satriano penned a new deal with Inter until 2027. But he is unsure what his future holds once he returns to the club this summer. DON'T MISSTottenham could make four dazzling signings if Conte secures Champions League [TRANSFERS]Nottingham Forest fan arrested for assault on Billy Sharp that left him 'bleeding' [NEWS]Arsenal can still sign five exciting players even without Champions League [TRANSFERS]  Asked if he needs another loan, he said: "I still don't know: I can't tell you now what my future will be. I only think about finishing the season. And about the holidays." Spurs have also been linked with a move for Inter forward Lautaro Martinez. And Satriano is clearly a big fan of the Argentina star. He said: "Lautaro is for me one of the best strikers in the world, without any doubt. When I was there I always studied him, I copied his movements. "We have already played a match as a couple, in the pre-season against Parma. And I think we could play together, yes. It would be nice." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 