Critics of football hooliganism have called to ban the Three Lions football song over concerns the anthem is too patriotic. The 1996 classic has fallen out of favour as the Football Association has discussed motions to ban the song at future matches. LBC host Nick Ferrari said:  “The anthem that has been sung by, and enjoyed by, most England football fans from 1996 is, according to the FA, possibly to be banned."  The radio host encouraged enraged listeners to call and voice their frustrations with the FA. “What are they going to do - are they going to arrest you in the stands because it's too jingoistic?” mocked Ferrari. A caller, identified as John, echoed the host’s claims: “Absolutely ludicrous. “Let's go back to the last national competition and what did Gareth Southgate and that football team do? - they lifted the nation. “I’ll tell you what, forget the FA - I think the fans will still go ahead and sing the song,” John fumed.    John argued: “We need some fun, we need some uplighting, national thing to pull the country together.” The caller claimed the Three Lions song is pivotal in unifying England fans across the country. He continued: “Football has done it before and I’m sure, at the end of the year, it will do it again for us. “People are just losing the plot at the moment." Read more: Real Madrid vs Man City interrupted by pitch invader as BT late to ET   The Three Lions song has become the symbolic anthem of English football fans since its release over two decades ago. Leading members of the FA have reported concerns about the jingoistic nature of the song, suggesting the chant could be viewed as arrogant. According to reports on the FA discussions, Neil Diamond’s ‘Sweet Caroline’ has been proposed as a replacement for the iconic football anthem. Football fans have slammed the ‘woke’ move by the FA to ban the much-loved classic. Don't miss: England's five key men Gareth Southgate will mould his team around [REVEAL]Ian Wright slams Northern Ireland boss for claim on women footballers [REPORT]Piers Morgan reacts as transgender goalkeeper joins women's squad [INSIGHT] But in a statement released on Thursday, however, the FA denied claims it ever planned to ban playing Three Lions during matches. The message read: "Contrary to reports this morning, The FA still plays Three Lions at major Wembley matches and has never had any intention of doing otherwise. "The song belongs to the fans and is about the hope of following the England team. "It was requested by The FA to be played as one of our team songs at the 2018 World Cup and at the EUROs last summer and this is our plan at tournaments going forward." 