Everton star Richarlison has fired a brutal message to Jamie Carragher and insisted he ‘doesn’t respect’ the Liverpool icon. The Brazil international was on target as the Toffees battled their way past Crystal Palace on Thursday night. And their win means they’ll be in the Premier League next season, having narrowly avoided relegation. Everton went up against Palace knowing they had to pick up all three points to guarantee they’d be staying in the Premier League. Yet things got off to the worst possible start, with Palace scoring twice in the first half through Jean-Philippe Mateta and Jordan Ayew. Michael Keane then pulled one back nine minutes after the interval before late drama. Richarlison struck in the 75th minute and, in the closing stages, Dominic Calvert-Lewin found the net to spark wild scenes at Goodison. After the game, Richarlison took to Twitter to brutally insult Carragher by saying he ‘doesn’t respect’ the Sky Sports pundit. “Wash your mouth before you talk about me and Everton and I don't respect you,” he said on social media, accompanying his message with a poo emoji. It’s clear Richarlison harbours a grudge after Carragher criticised him following a recent 1-0 win over Chelsea. The Liverpool icon had blasted the former Watford star on air, accusing him of going down too easily during matches. And he then stuck to his guns by posting a tweet that said: “Talking about Richarlison going down is nothing to do with bias. “Every EFC game I do he goes down 3/ times like he’s got a big injury then just gets up! It’s not about getting a penalty or a foul but pretending he’s hurt when he’s not.” It’ll now be interesting to see whether Carragher responds. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here But Richarlison is unlikely to care having played a key role in Everton’s dramatic late escape. Speaking after the game, Everton boss Frank Lampard admitted it was a huge achievement to keep them up having taken over earlier in the season. "What we've just seen, it's Premier League safety, it's not Champions League,” he said, referring to the pitch invasion that took place. “But what it means to the club and circumstances they were given in. The character of this club, the fans, players, just got us through. The spirit of the club was immense. "There are a lot of people who work so hard for that, the players, the board, the fans, my staff. “It's a huge night for Everton and now we want to take that forward." Lampard then proceeded to hail Dele Alli, labelling the England international as ‘amazing’ after he was brought on at half time. "If you're honest you have to fake it, act a bit. Not show your feelings,” he stated. “You have to turn people and inspire them. Dele Alli came on and was amazing. "My point was it's not the tactical change, it's the emotions and the character. Can you energise the crowd and score an early goal? Then it's the energy, the players deserve immense credit. "If we don't get that first goal, it's difficult to win. I expected Burnley to get something. That goal was crucial, once it went in you felt the players, and the night, there was something special there. “The crowd reacted, we created a special night in Everton's history. We needed the fans tonight and at 2-0 it was easy to expect the worst. But they've been doing it for a long time, since the Chelsea game. “After the Burnley defeat, it was difficult. Again, the atmosphere was another level, and it was great to see them on the pitch. We don't condone it but it was in such good faith.”