Britain's Got Talent season 15 has seen some of the best and some of the weirdest acts grace the stage, each hoping to be crowned the 2022 winner. On Saturday, May 28, the final round of auditions aired and starting this week, the judges have the tough decision of selecting the top 10 performers to make it to the final. One of the final auditionees was oncologist Bambang Atmaja whose audition on the show came as a surprise to him. The 30-year-old doctor appeared on the talent contest after initially thinking he was making a simple appearance on Heart Radio to talk to hosts Amanda Holden and Jamie Theakston about the work he and his colleagues do. It was, however, an elaborate ploy, as the doctor had been nominated by many of his friends to go onto ITV's Britain's Got Talent due to his vocal talents. Sitting down to talk to the radio hosts, Amanda said to Jamie: "In actual fact, I'm going to give him an invitation to come to Britain's Got Talent and sing for us." Overcoming his shock, he agreed to audition and took to the stage to perform. Read More: 'Want to go and punch their lights out' Jane McDonald fumes as filming interrupted Singing a rendition of Beyoncé's Listen, he impressed the studio audience and judges. Some viewers thought it odd to be "invited" onto the show. @Erdogan44 said: "Sure, this guy walks into a radio interview and gets an "invite" to BGT, never mind all the auditions and contracts he needs… #BritainsGotTalent #bgt." Stuart Young added: "Oh, a Doctor. That'll get you a couple of points. Now what about your singing. #GetOnWithIt #BGT." (sic) "Biggest fix ever. Stopped watching," Lorraine Graley bluntly said. Many spectators took to social media to support the cancer doctor, with Mike Priestley commenting: "Bambang - what a hero works at a cancer hospital and has a fantastic voice #BGT." @RyanGSoapKing11 described: "Bambang did really well - He's got a great soulful voice. "However, for a song like that, you need much more power, more oomph!! But he still did really well, a great audition. #BGT." DON’T MISS…Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly pays tribute to former co-star as she lands 1932 role [LATEST]Where are the original cast of Midsomer Murders now? [LATEST]'You've outed me' Alison Hammond shuts down Dermot O'Leary as he shares romance status [LATEST] Hannah Olivia wanted him to progress in the competition as far as he could and stated: "Should have got the golden buzzer." Also appearing on the final round of auditions was Attraction Juniors, a follow-up youth group to the show's seventh season winner, Attraction. Much like the original troupe, they performed a heartfelt shadow dance. Formed by the original group leader, Szűcs Zoltán, Attraction Junior was made up of several performers aged between 10 and 19.