Tom Selleck, now 77, took on the temporary role as on-screen boyfriend to Monica Geller, played by Courteney Cox, back in 1995. However, far from the cool, calm and confident character he appeared to be on TV, he has now admitted he was "scared to death". Tom, known for his trademark moustache which once had fans swooning, claimed his anxiety was down to being an inexperienced comedian. "I was scared to death," the star admitted on the Kelly Clarkson Show. "I had done [an episode of] Taxi a long time before, but I hadn't done a sitcom... so I was really nervous." He added: "The hardest thing is to guest on a show." READ NOW: Lorraine Kelly pays tribute to Deborah James after final post Tom was plunged in at the deep end with his first comedy role seeing him work with stars including Jennifer Aniston, Lisa Kudrow, David Schwimmer, Matt LeBlanc and Matthew Perry. However, he was clearly a hit with bosses as he appeared on three times as many episodes as originally planned. Though he was only scheduled for three appearances, he showed up nine times between 1995 and 2000. "Courteney [was] a big help," he admitted, discussing how his co-star made him feel more at ease. However he pointed out that all of the main characters knew each other better than he did, due to their long-term roles. "They obviously became friends in life as well as on the show - and it shows," he explained. However, he also described them as "an incredible group". "It was a wonderful place to work," he recalled of his time on the set.  Tom also revealed that he learnt from the experience of being a newcomer among a well-established cast, harnessing his knowledge to help others in similar situations. For the past 12 years, Tom has starred as Police Commissioner Frank Reagan on the drama Blue Bloods. "I try to relax the new actors because that's really hard to come on a show where everybody's up to speed," he explained. His experience on Friends was ultimately much more successful than his early beginnings in the industry, after his promising big break on Charlie's Angels in the 1970s ended in disaster. "They fired me after the first episode," he told the world on the Drew Barrymore Show. "They were trying to experiment with boyfriends for the Angels and I was gonna be Jackie Smith’s boyfriend [but] my part didn’t end up recurring." He also recently addressed his famous moustache, confiding: "Before Magnum, I worked most of the time without it. "Maybe that's why I did six unsold pilots," he joked. Drew Barrymore once told him she couldn't imagine seeing him without the moustache. He has never appeared on an episode of Blue Bloods without it, and has quipped that he has "no idea" what his skin is like underneath it.