Wild camping is many Britons’ dream staycation and can be a great way to cut down on costs. However, camping in the wrong area could see Britons hit with a heavy fine. The UK has some of the world’s most beautiful countryside and its many fields are perfect for camping. However, there are also laws that prevent Britons from pitching up their tent wherever they want. A spokesperson from Pitchup said: “Dartmoor National Park is the only place in England where wild camping is officially permitted. “However there are still restrictions on where you can set up camp.” READ MORE: Meghan Markle must follow 'dozens of protocols' travelling to the UK With its gorgeous open moorland and deep valleys, Dartmoor National Park offers plenty for all the family. Its famous wild ponies can be spotted grazing on the moors and archaeologists think they may have been here for over 3,500 years. Tourists can backpack camp on some areas of Dartmoor and will need to carry their own equipment. They can stay for one or two nights at a maximum and should check which areas are allowed before setting up. Tourists are also asked to stay out of sight and should use lightweight tents that blend into the landscape. They should never light fires or leave waste behind and should take everything home in their backpack. The park states: “If you worry about carrying your rubbish home, need a bin or a toilet - then this isn’t for you - use a campsite.” Wild campers can also try asking a landowner’s permission if they want to set up camp in other areas of England. The rules in Wales are similar to England and wild campers will need to seek landowner’s permission first. However, the rules are slightly different in Scotland. The Pitchup spokesperson said: “In Scotland, right-to-roam laws are still in place, which means that wild camping is still legal. “You can set up and camp in certain areas across Scotland as long as you follow the Scottish Outdoor Access Code. “However it is important to note in places like Loch Lomong and the Trossachs National Park, you are required to purchase a camping permit between the months of March and September.” Permits cost around £4 a month but can sell out in peak season so it’s a good idea to plan ahead. The team also recommended a “nearly wild” camping experience on the Isle of Rum campsite. The remote spot is located on a car-free island with views across Loch Scresor and views across to Skye. Britons will also be able to find campsites with limited facilities if they want to get back to nature on a staycation.