Home Office figures show out of 240,000 last year, 190,000 cases were closed with no suspect identified, 79 per cent of cases. Some forces closed well over 80 per cent without catching the thief including London's Met Police, West Midlands and Hampshire. The Liberal Democrats, which compiled the figures, accused the Government of "letting far too many criminals get away with it". Home affairs spokesman Alistair Carmichael said: "As a result, too many people's lives are being ruined by burglaries." If there is no CCTV or forensic evidence readily available, the case will often be closed in hours. Ex-officers blame heavy workloads and say court sentences are no deterrent to many crooks. Former Met Police sergeant Graham Wettone said: "In some ways, the criminal justice system is treating burglary as a lowlevel offence. "They are not being investigated thoroughly. It used to be a priority. It leaves victims without justice and they are not getting a proper service." A police source said officers have "less investigative opportunities" when thieves target sheds and garages, now classed as burglaries. The insider added: "This does make it more difficult to detect such offences but it will not deter us in our endeavour to keep burglary levels at an all-time low." The Government, which has pledged to recruit an extra 20,000 officers, has urged chiefs to adopt a policy of having an officer at the scene of every break-in.  The National Police Chiefs' Council said: "Assisting with the prevention of, and responding to, incidents of burglary are a priority for policing. "We acknowledge that burglary is a crime that has a significant and longlasting effect on victims. "Forces will prioritise cases where there is a realistic prospect of prosecution. "We also ensure that victims who may be particularly vulnerable, such as the isolated elderly, get the support they need. "Police focus on targeting prolific offenders, organised crime networks, and ensuring that prevention measures are in place." 