Andrea (played by Anna Nightingale) was murdered by Meena Jutla (Paige Sandhu) as part of a massive stunt week on Emmerdale last October but viewers have been suspicious about whether she could still be alive as her corpse wasn't seen on screen. Many fans of the ITV soap believe she could have been under police protection and with her killer behind bars, she could decide to come out of hiding to reunite with her family in the village. However, with so much mystery about Jamie Tate's (Alexander Lincoln) supposed death, it seems she could be stalking Gabby Thomas (Rosie Bentham), not realising the mother of one knows the father of her baby is alive and could return at any moment. In upcoming scenes, will Gabby realise she is actually being followed by Andrea and not Kim Tate's (Claire King) troublesome son? The drama continues in next week's flash-forward episodes as Gabby is convinced Jamie is lurking in the shadows and is going to take Thomas Tate away from her. With her paranoia in overdrive, the mother of one begins to feel the presence of some unknown character wandering around the grounds of Home Farm. She drafts in help from Dawn Taylor (Olivia Bromley), who also knows Jamie is alive, and her husband, Billy Fletcher (Jay Kontzle). After they check the CCTV, they tell Gabby there was a hooded person seen on the footage and her terror mounts at the prospect she has a stalker. What makes matters worse is she knows she is going to be alone all day as everyone else is out sorting their own business out. READ MORE: Blue Bloods' Abigail Hawk left in hysterics at season 13 renewal video Although Dawn tries to reassure her she will be ok, Gabby confesses she is convinced the hooded figure is Jamie and he is coming back for Thomas. She knows in her heart of hearts it is just a matter of when her child will be snatched away with her and she will do anything to make sure this doesn't happen. Wanting to keep a lookout, she makes it her mission to stay focused on the task at hand, which is to protect her son. Gabby's anxieties increase when she discovers a torch outside Home Farm and she runs to go and check the CCTV for the hooded figure. Terror dawns upon her when she sees they are extremely close and they are heading into the woods but it is unclear if it is Jamie. This is the first hint dropped it could be someone like Andrea who is actually stalking Gabby as she is trying to make her way home after months of absence. When Gabby later walks around Home Farm, she finds a gift for her son and her instincts tell her this is from Jamie for sure. With the episodes turning into a horror movie, the drama intensifies when someone reaches for a gun from the gun cupboard and arms themselves. Viewers will have to wait and see if someone does pull the trigger but if it is Gabby who has the weapon, will she accidentally shoot Andrea? The actress who plays Gabby, Rosie, has spoken out about the explosive instalments and has hinted the hooded figure could be anyone. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Rebecca Sarker left 'bruised and battered' after tough day [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock's emotional farewell as co-star leaves soap [COMMENT]Zoe Henry's gripe with husband Jeff Hordley's Cain Dingle - 'Fuming!' [COMMENT] Rosie said in an interview with Express.co.uk and other media when her character is told about the CCTV footage, "it's just like the ball is dropping for her." The soap star added: "There shouldn't be any strangers walking about. So who's been there? And they've been there recently. "So we don't know who it could be," she continued and although Gabby is convinced it is Jamie, this figure could be Andrea. Having been out of the loop for so long, Andrea wouldn't know Jamie and her mother have taken her daughter, Millie Tate (Willow Bell), and fled the country. She still believes her child could be living at Home Farm but as she is supposedly dead, she can't just walk up to the front door and announce her return. This is why she could go about lurking in the shadows but this could be the worst thing possible given Jamie is out there somewhere. Will she end up paying the price for her secrecy if she is shot and actually ends up dying this time or will she finally step out of the shadows and explain what really happened in the maze several months ago? Rosie continued to discuss the mystery of Gabby's stalker, adding: "She's already panicked. My heart was racing [filming] because she genuinely thinks this is Jamie and it could be Jamie and he could lash out at her because she's got everything he wants. "There were a lot of unanswered questions between them. What's going to happen if he does come up to her? What's she going to have to do? "So she spots someone and her first reaction is just literally run as fast as she could out of those woods. She comes into Home Farm and locks the door and thinks, 'What should I do now?'" Upon finding the gift after the showdown with the mystery figure, Rosie said: "It's very obvious it's from Jamie. "And it means Jamie has been in her safe place, which is Home Farm. He's been wandering around and he's closer than ever. "It just takes her to the edge as she's 100 percent sure Jamie is here. Jamie has been in the house and she thinks, 'Who's coming for me now? What do I do?'" But will she get the shock of her life when she discovers the true identity of her stalker and will this put her mind at ease over Jamie returning to take Thomas? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.