Jack Grealish has admitted to underperforming in his first season at Manchester City, despite Pep Guardiola's men closing in on another Premier League title. Grealish was signed for a British record £100million in the summer transfer window. Grealish has struggled to settle into Guardiola's style of play, scoring just five goals and notching only three assists this term. He has found himself in and out of Guardiola's team, but did play all 90 minutes as they thrashed Newcastle on Sunday, though Grealish admitted to feeling as if he had not pulled his weight this term. "We look at the table and we want to win the league so we see it ourselves. Today was just to go out there and get the win. You can't be thinking about goal difference when you haven't even won the game," he told Sky Sports. "We played against a good Newcastle team who have been brilliant, especially since January. They've had good performances against the top teams, so that was the perfect response and the perfect performance. READ MORE: Redknapp highlights Grealish habit as Man City star laughs off woes "That's just football, you know, you want to score goals, especially as an attacking player, especially me. I try and score and assist, I've not had as many as I wanted this season. As the game went on we wanted more goals, luckily we got that. "We stuck together as a team and as a unit over the last few days, we just try to end the season strongly, we've done that today. We just have to go out there and win every game. It's down to us, we're in the driving seat. We're not thinking about what's gone on around us, it's in our hands. We have to win every game as we would anyway." DON'T MISS: Man City must keep faith and trust in Pep Guardiola to banish curse (INSIGHT)Guardiola admits threatening to quit Man City during owners meeting (NEWS)Man Utd's Paul Pogba hinted at Guardiola link-up as Man City plot move (TRANSFERS) The dominant win over Newcastle moved City three points clear of closest challengers Liverpool. The two sides have just three games left to play this season, with Guardiola's men now overwhelming favourites to win their fourth title in five years. If they do win the title, it would be Grealish's first major honour since making his professional debut. Despite that triumph, the Englishman will be feeling sightly downcast after his first campaign in Manchester.