In recent weeks scientists and health officials have become concerned about the spread of a variant of the monkeypox virus in the UK. Monkeypox is a virus with its origins in Africa and has two variants, one from central and one from western Africa. The variant spreading through the UK is the least dangerous western variant. Health officials are concerned because, although not as transmissible as Covid, this variant of monkeypox is spread through large droplets when individuals are packed close to each other and touching each other’s clothing. READ MORE: High cholesterol: Pain in three areas of the body signals high levels  At festivals, when the crowd is in full swing and their attending regalia, they are packed together and large droplets are flying everywhere. Dr William Nutland of the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine has said they are worried festivals will act as superspreader events for monkeypox. Dr Nutland said: “There’s been talk in some of the networks we are involved in of the potential dangers, particularly where people start making out.” Dr Has Kluge of the World Health Organisation (WHO) has echoed Dr Nutland’s commends adding mass gatherings were a concern “as the cases being detected are among those engaging in sexual activity, and the symptoms are unfamiliar”.    The reason why references are being made to such acts of intimacy by both doctors is due to how monkeypox spreads – when two people are engaging intimately with each other. Monkeypox can be caught by one person if it is present of the bedding of another. As a result, recent partners are encouraged to check whether the other has any signs or symptoms of monkeypox. Already, sexual health clinics are warning of the significant impact monkeypox could have on their services. President of the British Association for Sexual Health, Dr Claire Dewsnap, said: “I am concerned about our ability to maintain good sexual health services and access for everyone while still managing this new infection.” Symptoms of monkeypox to look out for include:• A rash• High temperature• Headache• Muscle aches• Backache• Swollen glands• Shivering• Exhaustion. These symptoms normally appear one to five days after infection and clear up after a few weeks, say the NHS. Monkeypox patients have been advised by the UKHSA (United Kingdom Health Security Agency) to self-isolate for 21 days. While over 100 cases of monkeypox have been detected in the UK, the public are being encouraged not to worry. It is highly unlikely monkeypox will cause a Covid-esque wave of restrictions to appear.