Sunflowers are loved for their large yellow petals, and can be grown as a mix of perennials and annuals for a continual display. While this vibrant summer bloom is notoriously easy to grow in beds, borders and pots, planting them correctly is crucial to secure a flush of healthy flowers. Here’s how to plant sunflowers in your garden using the one secret ingredient recommended by the Royal Horticultural Society. Before planting your sunflowers, you will need to find a sunny spot with rich soil into fuel the “vigorous growth” of the plant, according to the Royal Horticultural Society (RHS). To enrich the soil, dig in plenty of organic matter and garden compost into the entire planting site - not just the hole where you will sow or plant the flowers. This is especially important for perennial varieties, as it encourages the roots to spread out. Once the site is ready, it should take just a few minutes to get your flowers dug into the soil. READ MORE: Easy ways to get rid of garden pests including rats and caterpillars Sunflowers come in several varieties, all of which are easy to plant. The warmer weather means that seeds can be sown straight into the ground right now, as long as the risk of frost has passed. Start by raking the soil until it reaches a fine, crumbly texture and start making ‘drills’ of around 12mm deep, with 10cm between each one. Once the holes are made, start placing one seed into each, and cover them up with soil. Watering is crucial at the time of planting, and it should continue as the flowers grow. According to the RHS, different types of sunflowers require different watering and feeding schedules. Annual sunflowers need regular watering to prevent them from drying out, and the soil should be kept moist throughout the year. Feeding is also essential for a healthy flush of annuals, and there is one key ingredient which will do the trick. DON'T MISS:How to grow an avocado from the stone - 3 key steps [INSIGHT]Gardeners warned to avoid planting tenders until the end of May [REVEAL]Best time to plant hanging baskets for a 'glorious' display [ANALYSIS] The RHS said: “Annual sunflowers, whether growing in the ground or in containers, benefit from regular feeding with potassium-rich tomato fertiliser to encourage flowering. Always follow the dosage instructions on the pack.” While it may seem odd to use tomato feed for your summer blooms, this potassium-rich substance is great for growing a bold display. The reason this works so well is because tomato feed has a high potash content which encourages vibrant blooms. It is best to start using this key ingredient only once the plant has started to open and is beginning to flower. Unlike annuals, perennial sunflowers do not require a rich-feed. In fact, they only need to be watered for the first year after planting, after which they should only need a top-up during periods of drought. Annual container plants should be fed and watered, but perennial container plants will only need water. You should do this whenever the soil dries out - so keep an eye on the moisture of your soil to avoid missing your chance. Growing sunflowers from seeds is an easy and rewarding task, but time is running out to get sowing in your garden. According to the RHS, sunflower seeds can be sown from mid-April until the end of May. Planting them from established ‘plug plants’ can be done between April and June. Depending on when you plant them, this bright bloom should begin to flower from early summer, right through to September.