Many state pensioners are unaware they could be entitled to Attendance Allowance. This is a payment designed for people above retirement age who are living with a disability or health condition. The benefit is designed to help with extra costs if someone needs a person to look after them. Individuals do not have to have a carer, but the payment could provide important support. One condition which could make a person eligible for this kind of help is diabetes. It is thought more than 4.9million people in the UK currently have diabetes, according to the organisation Diabetes UK. READ MORE: New state pension warning - get forecast now or risk shortfall The lifelong condition comes in two main types, type one and type two, where the latter is far more common. As the condition can cause a person’s blood sugar level to become too high, it can be serious, and in some cases will be progressive. As a result, individuals may need additional support to continue to live their lives in the best possible way. According to the Equality Act of 2010, type one diabetes is classified as a disability. DON'T MISSPension savers could ‘boost’ retirement income in their 50s and 60s [EXCLUSIVE]Britons face ‘triple whammy’ on income this pay day [INSIGHT]WASPI widow, 66, faces 'dire' circumstances as energy bills soar [ANALYSIS] This is due to the fact it may have a “substantial, long term, negative impact’ on a person’s day to day life and the ability to carry out activities. In a similar sense, many people who have type 2 diabetes may also fit into this definition. For an Attendance Allowance payment to be issued, the condition will need to have an impact on a person’s life. Some people with diabetes will need care to help them carry out tasks such as personal hygiene, or monitoring for safety and health reasons. Attendance Allowance is paid weekly at two different rates, and the one a person gets depends on the level of help they need. The lower rate of Attendance Allowance is currently £61.85 per week. This is for those who need “frequent help or constant supervision during the day, or supervision at night”. Whereas the higher rate of the payment provides eligible Britons with £92.40 per week. The higher rate is intended to support people who need help or supervision throughout both day and night. Over time, a person’s circumstances may change, and they could need a different rate. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea For this reason, individuals must report any changes of circumstances to the DWP. However, the standard sum for Attendance Allowance may not be all the support a person can receive. Those who are eligible could get help with extra Pension Credit, Housing Benefit or council tax reduction. To find out more, individuals will need to check with the helpline or office dealing with their benefit. Britons will need to use the Attendance Allowance claim form to apply by post. The document comes with notes telling a person how to fill it in. The payment can be backdated to the date of a claim, which is usually the date the form is received, or the date the enquiry line is called as long as the claim pack is returned within six weeks.