Jeremy Clarkson, 62, has been shopping while searching for “missing Londoners” in his latest column. The car enthusiast included a “spoiler” about where he purchased his girlfriend Lisa Hogan’s upcoming birthday gift. On Sunday, the star of Clarkson’s Farm wrote about his frustrations with London feeling “empty” and said luxury retailers seemed to have forgotten what they were selling due to “inactivity”. The 62-year-old spoke about visiting Tiffany on Bond Street, but admitted this was a “spoiler for Lisa’s birthday,” which is in a “couple of weeks”. Recalling one of his recent visits to London, Jeremy said: “Later I went into Tiffany on Bond Street, which is a bit of a spoiler for Lisa’s birthday in a couple of weeks.” Jeremy observed there was a distinct lack of customers when he visited. He said: “There must have been 20 staff standing around serving absolutely no customers at all. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's 'main issue' pointed out by Karren Brady “‘And what brings you to Tiffany’s, sir?’ said the man on the door.” Jeremy wasn’t impressed by this question and added: “As though he’d forgotten what they sold there.” “‘I need some potatoes and a bag of carrots,” Jeremy joked. He told The Sunday Times that “boredom and inactivity” could be to blame for the sales assistant not understanding the joke. Lisa, who is Jeremy’s co-star on the Amazon Prime show, Clarkson’s Farm has revealed what is in store for their relationship in a new interview. The couple have been dating since 2017, when they were introduced to each other by mutual friends. The Irish model spoke to Fabulous magazine and said they don’t have any plans to marry or have children in the near future. Lisa said: “Mrs Clarkson? No, thank you, I like Lisa Hogan. We decided not to have children together.” She added: “We’re at a stage where we are not going to have kids." DON'T MISS:Gary Lineker addresses James Corden Match of The Day replacement claim [LATEST]Johnny and Amber pictured on the night she claimed he broke her nose [NEWS] Piers Morgan's behind scenes behaviour exposed by Rob Rinder [UPDATE] “I’m just happy pootling along. I think because of our age, it’s much easier. “You go: ‘God, is it you I end up with? OK, that’s it.’” Lisa was married to ex-husband Baron Steven Bentinck for almost 30 years and they share three children. Jeremy was married to a woman named Alex Hall in 1989. They were married for six months. His second marriage was to manager Frances Cain in 1993 and lasted much longer than his first. However, the marriage ended in 2014 and they have three children.