Chelsea will not win the Premier League until they sign a 'proper finisher' and have been told either Harry Kane or Lautaro Martinez would be 'ideal' transfer targets. That is the view of ex-Blues striker Tony Cascarino, who believes the FA Cup final defeat to Liverpool proves his former side 'need too many chances to score'. Chelsea suffered a second penalty shootout defeat to the Reds at Wembley this season following another goalless draw against Jurgen Klopp's side. Edouard Mendy denied Senegal team-mate Sadio Mane the chance to seal the trophy, but Kostas Tsimikas netted the winning penalty after Mason Mount saw his sudden-death effort saved. The FA Cup final followed the same pattern as the Carabao Cup defeat in February, where Thomas Tuchel's side were guilty of spurning several chances before an 11-10 defeat on penalties. Romelu Lukaku and Kai Havertz had goals chalked off for offside, and Kepa Arrizabalaga skied his spot-kick after opposite number Caoimhin Kelleher confidently dispatched his penalty. Cascarino believes the manner of the latest Wembley defeat is proof that his former side requires an elite striker to compete for silverware. The talkSPORT pundit cites Kane as an 'ideal' candidate, and also suggested the Blues could swap Lukaku for Inter Milan forward Lautaro Martinez. Tuchel is facing a busy summer transfer window, with Andreas Christensen and Antonio Rudiger leaving at the end of their contracts, and speculation linking both Marcos Alonso and captain Cesar Azpilicueta with potential exits. However, Cascarino feels the priority for Chelsea should be a new striker to lead the line and assume the goalscoring burden. Cascarino wrote in his Times column: "Chelsea will not win the league until they find a proper finisher. The attacking players they have now are top talents in many ways, but they lack a clinical goalscorer. The FA Cup final against Liverpool showed again that they need too many chances to score — or not score, as was the case on Saturday. Mason Mount is their leading scorer in the league this season, which is not the way it should be at a club like Chelsea. "I like the boy Lautaro Martínez at Inter, so I would suggest Chelsea offer the Italian club the chance to take Romelu Lukaku back on loan, get rid of Timo Werner, and bring in Martínez . He is the sort of technical, ruthless forward they need. Harry Kane would be ideal for them but I don’t think that is a move he could take seriously given Chelsea’s rivalry with Tottenham." Chelsea made a strong start to the season, and this early form led to talk of a three-way title race against Liverpool and Manchester City. However, injuries and takeover uncertainty has played a part in the Blues falling out of contention, and losing their Champions League quarter-final tie with Real Madrid. Lukaku has endured a difficult first season back at Stamford Bridge, and AC Milan and former side Inter Milan have been credited with an interest in signing the Belgian international. German internationals Kai Havertz and Timo Werner have both filled in at centre-forward, but Mount remains the Blues' top scorer in the Premier League with 11 goals.