Lautaro Martinez still could be on his way to the Premier League as Arsenal have renewed their interest in the Inter Milan star. But Tottenham could have a part to play - and they could block the Gunners from signing him as the striker is keen to play Champions League football. Arsenal have reportedly reignited their interest in Inter Milan striker Lautaro Martinez, but face a battle with Spurs who could spoil a potential transfer. The Gunners are in desperate need of a new striker this summer as they look to bolster their options ahead of next season. And Tottenham are also interested, although they remain confident that Harry Kane's future is very much in north London. But even if Tottenham don't sign Martinez, they could potentially block a move to Arsenal regardless with the Argentine seeking Champions League football. Indeed, now Antonio Conte's side have an extra incentive to thwart their rivals this season.  JUST IN: Christian Pulisic’s dad hints at Chelsea exit in deleted Twitter rant after Everton defeat After a recent U-turn in form, and a slight slip from Tottenham, Conte's side have handed fourth spot back to the Gunners with only four games remaining. But with a north London derby still to play, it's very much still up in the air as to who will qualify for the Champions League. After Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang left in January, with Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah also tipped to leave this summer, Arsenal have to sign a striker as they will have no natural options remaining at the club. Martinez is perhaps one of the best options in Europe, which is why both Arsenal and Tottenham have been interested. In fact, Arteta is looking to bring in two strikers, with Martinez one of the priorities on the list alongside Gabriel Jesus. And according to The Times, a financially troubled Inter are looking to sell their prized asset for £60million.   This is the price that Arsenal were quoted last season, and Tottenham reportedly met their valuation last summer, although the Serie A Champions changed their mind. But with finances an issue, and the prospect that Romelu Lukaku could become available yet again, their stance has changed. But Martinez requires a club in the Champions League if he is to move, keeping it simple for Arteta. Finish in the top four and keep any hope alive of signing Martinez, or miss out on the Champions League and go back to the drawing board. Tottenham are in hot pursuit of Arsenal, and even if they don't decide to launch a bit for Martinez themselves, they can still ruin the Gunners' hopes. With Kane looking like joining Manchester City last summer, Tottenham kept their options open.  But with Kane now likely to remain at Tottenham, a move isn't necessary for Conte, especially with Dejan Kulusevski still yet to be purchased on a permanent deal. Despite the possibility to hurt their rivals, Tottenham have their own pride to play for this season after limping out of all other competitions. If Tottenham don't make the top four, there's growing uncertainty over Conte's future, with increased links that he could be tempted by the Paris Saint Germain job. Current PSG boss Mauricio Pochettino is facing the sack in France, after they too had a disappointing season outside of the domestic league. Should Conte jump ship, it could see other stars head for the exit door as Tottenham continue to struggle when it comes to competing for trophies. However, if they can hurt Arsenal and qualify for the Champions League, it could be the start of a successful reign under the Italian.  There are just four matches left in the Premier League for both Arsenal and Tottenham, with the next month potentially shaping next season for both sides. Therefore, with so much as stake, it sets up for a fascinating derby in the coming weeks. If Arsenal secure top four, and tempt Martinez to the Emirates Stadium, it could be the start of a special journey under Arteta. But if they miss out and can't secure a world-class striker, it could ruin of his work so far. And if Tottenham can secure it, they will be full of momentum under Conte and they will be able to rebuild in the Italian's first summer in charge. But if they miss out then it could lead to drastic consequences. 