Some 1.5 million people have cancelled their TV subscription services to save money during the cost of living crisis. Now as Netflix confirms it’s considering making changes so that it’s tougher to share passwords outside the family home, experts say there are other ways to make savings on TV streaming packages and a TV licence. A TV licence costs £159 and is a legal requirement for people to watch live TV or catch up programmes on any channel in the UK. Britons who only watch Netflix could save money by asking for a refund on their TV licence. At the same time, millions of people could save a fortune on TV streaming services like Netflix. This Morning’s consumer journalist Alice Beer recently reminded viewers to check whether they are using all their streaming services. READ MORE: Thousands of carers will get £245 on top of usual benefits next month One way to save money is by downgrading from the top tier package to a cheaper alternative. Ms Beer suggested people could also make use of family plans to save money, which can save people a fortune. She said: “Have a look also at the family plans. “Netflix you can get up to four devices - my daughters are using my account - so that’s fine.” DON'T MISSSantander is offering savings rates of 2.5% and you only need £1 [UPDATE]Man shocked after receiving false energy bill over £15,000 [ALERT]I never thought I’d be so poor’ Pensioner shares money saving tips [INSIGHT]  Experts advise checking whether people are using all services. Another way to save money is by paying up front for the year. However, this prevents people from bouncing between subscription services where they cancel for one or two services for a few months to save money. Some streaming services may offer discounts when people threaten to cancel. Meanwhile, thousands of pensioners could qualify for a free TV licence if they claim Pension Credit and are 75 years or over. Pensioners should qualify for Pension Credit if they earn less than £177.10 per week or £270.30 if they are part of a couple, yet 850,000 are missing out. Meanwhile, blind or severely sight impaired people get a 50 percent reduction on their TV licence. Care home residents will pay a concessionary rate of £7.50, while residents in care homes that have ARC schemes are eligible for a free licence. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The typical TV streaming packages cost: Netflix £10.99Amazon Prime £7.99Now TV £9.99Disney+ £7.99Apple TV+ £4.99BritBox £5.99.