A shocking seven CW series were cancelled on Thursday, May 12 alone, and the network has spent much of this year scrubbing its schedule of popular shows based on DC Comics and original IPs. A number of fans have taken to Twitter to express their frustration with Vampire Diaries spin-off Legacies’ cancellation after just four seasons, as many are left with no choice but to seek out their evenings’ entertainment elsewhere. Legacies has joined the likes of Batwoman, Roswell, New Mexico and Charmed in a recent slew of cancellations for The CW. The series centred around the Salvatore School for the Young and Gifted will now come to an end in June, with the upcoming season finale next month now serving as its series finale. This will mark the first time in 13 years that the network won’t have a series based on the Vampire Diaries franchise on the schedule when the 2022-23 season gets started. Rumour has it that the cancellations are connected to The CW’s projected sale, which has left the future of some of the biggest shows in the US uncertain. READ MORE: Rees-Mogg hits back at Naga Munchetty branding Partygate 'non-story' For now, fans were furious to hear Legacies may have to end without a satisfying conclusion for supernatural teen Hope Mikaelson (Danielle Rose Russell) and her friends. Several otherwise faithful CW viewers have even threatened to boycott the network in response to so many of their favourite shows being taken off the air in the next year. @Hannah_Strong_ tweeted: “@TheCW cancelled Legacies AND Dynasty? Are y'all trying to get me to boycott every streaming platform because I'll do it.” Lizzie Warren wrote: “#legacies lowkey, let’s all just boycott the CW because they have just axed all their best shows and renewed Riverdale. This cannot be real lmaoooo.” And @legacieshizzie fumed: “Never watching another CW show ever again cause they really cancelled Legacies without giving me a season advance.” Series creator and executive producer Julie Plec gave fans a rather cryptic response to the news, hinting there could be more updates about the future of Legacies soon. “It’s the Red Wedding at WBTV/CW today. Much more to say, but not today,” she said. “Loads of gratitude coming for fans and cast and crew in future tweets. But today, we mourn.” DON'T MISS:Yellowstone’s Luke Grimes on if Kayce knew about Jamie adoption [INSIGHT]NCIS LA: Chris O’Donnell’s son stopped from starring in CBS series [INTERVIEW]Sam Ryder Eurovision act to pay tribute to David Bowie [VIDEO] Responding to Julie, Riley Cook said: “I so agree today was really harsh and not like the network. “I'm so upset about Legacies and all the shows that just got thrown away which is not the network’s style.” “I know there is a CW sale involved but this season was brutal to wait, then just cancellation after cancellation today was like the old days when daily ratings really mattered.” And @yavz108 replied: “Such a terrible day in TV, if it wasn't for Legacies I would not watch the CW. I am truly [heartbroken emoji] ...going to miss the Salvatore school and this bad-a** Mikaelson.” (sic) Many viewers were left baffled by Legacies’ cancellation in the wake of a season seven renewal for Riverdale, which has dwindling ratings for the network and mixed reviews from even its most devoted fans. The list of cancelled shows for The CW also includes In the Dark, 4400, Naomi, Dynasty and Legends of Tomorrow. Hopefully, Julie’s response to the news could mean Legacies will be able to find a new home elsewhere, but Vampire Diaries devotees will just have to sit tight for now. Legacies season 4 continues Thursday, June 2 on The CW. A UK release date is yet to be announced.