Manchester United boss Ralf Rangnick has defended his snub to Jesse Lingard ahead of his side’s Premier League clash with Brighton on Saturday. The Red Devils will go into that contest on a high after beating Brentford 3-0 last time out. And it promises to be an exciting evening showdown at the Amex Stadium. Lingard was overlooked for United’s match with Brentford on Monday night, failing to make it off the bench. That saw him criticised by the midfielder’s brother, who took to Instagram to condemn Rangnick’s decision to leave him on the bench. But the German has now hit back, defending his call and elaborating on why Lingard was left out. “To start with, in the last couple of weeks under my tenure, Jesse has played far more games than he used to,” he said. “Secondly, on game day against Chelsea, he asked me to release him from the game and training the following day for personal family reasons. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings “With only three subs against Brentford, I had to make a decision between Edinson Cavani and Jesse, or the young Alejandro Garnahco, who I would have loved to have brought on and given a chance to play. “I took the decision to bring on Edinson. “Had I not brought on him, someone might have asked if it was classless not to bring on Cavani or Garnahco. “After two subs, you have to make a decision, and this will not be to the liking of everybody, but this is part of the game. “To be honest, I'm not reading a lot [on social media]. I've not had the time in the last six months to read. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag “I'm not on Instagram, I'm not on Facebook, I'm not engaged in those areas. “My focus has been to develop the team. “In these days, with social media, there's always somebody posting something and it's important not to take too much notice of that.” Lingard’s brother had previously said: “20 years of blood sweat and tears, 4 domestic trophies, 3 cup final goals, not even a farewell. No wonder it's the Conference League next year. “Attacking players for celebrations when the club's being sold to the super league ok. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “Class of 92, Busby Babes, you're ran by people who don't even know the offside trap. Classless and the fans need to realise. Goodnight, godbless! “Been there since nine years of age and didn't even get a send off!!! Well done bro your family are proud.” Meanwhile, Rangnick has also confirmed Marcus Rashford will miss the match with Brighton. And Harry Maguire and Eric Bailly are doubts, too, with the 63-year-old saying: “Marcus will be missing. He has got bronchitis, with a high temperature, so he won't be able to be part of the group. “We also have a question over Eric Bailly. He has some problems with his back but is being checked. “Harry is back in training, he trained the whole week, since the second day after the Brentford game, so he will be available for tomorrow.”