Liverpool should target RB Leipzig star Christopher Nkunku if Sadio Mane leaves the club this summer, according to former Manchester United goalkeeper Mark Bosnich. Nkunku has been linked with a move to United but Bosnich reckons he could be ideal for their rivals instead. Mane is heavily linked with a move away from Liverpool. Bayern Munich are keen on signing the Senegal star, who has just one year remaining on his Anfield contract. Replacing a player who has been such an important part in the club's recent success will be difficult. But Bosnich has seen enough from Nkunku to believe he can fill Mane's shoes. Asked who could replace Mane, he told Sky Sports News: "I was going to say that's the $64million question but it might actually cost a bit more than that! I was thinking about that today and from watching the Champions League, the boy from Leipzig I think, Nkunku, he was somebody who really stood out for me. READ MORE: Transfer News LIVE: Man Utd 'close to agreement', Liverpool blow, Raphinha latest  "I know Leipzig dropped down to the Europa League and were knocked out in the semi-final by Rangers. But he was exceptional and that is what I was thinking about today when I was thinking about, if Mane leaves, what to do. That's the one that came to mind for me." United have been attracted to Nkunku following the best goalscoring season in his career. The Frenchman netted 35 times in 52 appearances for Leipzig in all competitions. Mane was Liverpool's second-leading goalscorer with 23 to his name. Bosnich hopes the 30-year-old makes the right decision for his career and doesn't just move to a club who make the highest offer financially. DON'T MISSArsenal could repeat Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil signings for next season [COMMENT]Arsenal signing Serge Gnabry could be bad news for four players after transfer boost [TRANSFERS]Man Utd look set to sign another Cristiano Ronaldo, Bruno Fernandes and Nani [OPINION]  The Australian added: "I would go to the club that he feels is going to have the best chance to win major trophies. The money issue is really not as important as people make out. "What you really want as a player is to have a legacy, to look back on your career and say 'I actually won things'. We know he won things at Liverpool, he may feel as though he needs a fresh start, but whatever he does he should not be substituting Liverpool for a team that may not be in the mix for major trophies. "Playing games like Saturday night for example, winning titles, cup finals. You want to continue that and he's just got to make sure if he does decide to leave, that he goes to a team that will be playing in those major games, playing for major titles, because that is exactly what top players want."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here