Manchester United are reportedly 'keeping tabs' on former target Arnaut Danjuma ahead of the summer transfer window, but feel a move is unlikely this time around. The Red Devils had contingency plans in place 12 months ago in case they were unable to sign Jadon Sancho from Borussia Dortmund. Danjuma was reportedly on a list of alternatives United were considering if Sancho failed to join. At that point, Danjuma was available for just £21.3million with the winger eventually joining Villarreal. That deal went through as United began to grow confident of signing Sancho for an eye-watering £73m. The England international was expected to help United mount a serious challenge for trophies this season, but he struggled to adapt to English football in a team void of any confidence. Better things are expected from Sancho in the future with Erik ten Hag now coming in as the next permanent manager. A full pre-season working under the new manager will play a huge role in getting the current United squad up to speed. JUST IN: Ralf Rangnick savaged as German told he can't blame Man Utd players  But Ten Hag will also want new signings coming in, particularly in the forward positions. Paul Pogba, Jesse Lingard and Edinson Cavani are among those leaving and replacements will need to be signed. And, according to the Manchester Evening News, United have reignited their interest in Danjuma as a potential target. The 25-year-old has enjoyed a stellar debut season in La Liga with Villarreal, scoring 16 goals and providing four assists in all competitions. DON'T MISS  But the report adds that Danjuma's release clause this summer is set at £38.3m - £17m more than what United could have paid 12 months ago. There was supposedly some trepidation from United on spending £21.3m at the time for a player from the Championship. However, it is claimed that United feel a move for Danjuma is 'unlikely' due to their current options on the left flank. Danjuma did show his versatility at Villarreal, often being deployed through the middle as well as out wide. But Ten Hag reportedly favours a right-sided winger to join United in the summer, along with another central striker. Both Antony and Christopher Nkunku are touted as potential options with Ten Hag having a close working relationship with the former.