Yellowstone fans are eagerly awaiting the upcoming release of the show’s fifth season considering the shocking finale. Ahead of its premiere on Paramount Network, star Luke Grimes provided fans with insight and revealed his character’s real reaction to Monica’s (played by Kelsey Asbille) pregnancy.  At the end of 2021, viewers watched in shock as the series aired its explosive finale which saw a number of intense scenes for the Dutton family. This included Kayce (Luke Grimes) who had been on a challenging spiritual journey. He was encouraged to do so and began experiencing hallucinations where he would see his dead brother Lee (Dave Annable) who died in season one. Throughout the spiritual practices, he saw visions of wolves, his pursuer Avery (Tanaya Beatty) and a young American Indian girl. READ MORE: Madeley confronts Sadiq Khan with furious viewers over partygate In the final moments, this girl presents Kayce with two paths leading to the end of his journey. This shocked fans as they knew Kayce had a lot to live for, which included his young son (Brecken Merrill) and his wife who was also carrying a baby. Before his experience with the spiritual practice, Monica had revealed she was pregnant and Tate was going to be a brother. Although Kayce was excited about the new addition to the family Monica expressed her concern about the dangers the Dutton family were in.  In an interview, Kayce star Luke Grimes shared his character’s real reaction to the pregnancy announcement. The actor disclosed: “I think he’s absolutely thrilled at the prospect of having another kid. “Where they are when he hears that, in this new place, he’s in a good spot to get that news.” He added: “I’m sure there’s a part of him that is saying ‘Okay I’m bringing another human into this situation’.” DON'T MISS...Jane McDonald opens up on unexpected living arrangements [INSIGHT]Yellowstone season 5 release date, cast, plot: When is it out? [INSIGHT]Yellowstone season 5 theory: Jamie to take over from Rip on ranch? [THEORY] While fans were thrilled to see the Dutton family expanding, viewers soon expressed concern after Kayce’s hallucinations. Kayce's vision at the end of season four could have seen something happen to Monica's baby. This came after he received the two paths and later told Monica: “I saw the end of us.” Although this pointed toward a potential break-up some viewers expressed it could have meant something more sinister. 