Adrian Chiles, 55, is known for his successful career in TV including shows such as The One Show and Daybreak with Christine Lampard. The BBC Radio 5 host told the radio station he has begun to get "feelings" for his spoons, even writing a column about his search for the perfect spoon. Adrian got the "feelings" after reading an article about a restaurant's critics search for the perfect spoon. Speaking on his BBC Radio 5 show, Adrian revealed: "At first glance, this was a bit random, even for me but before long I was with him all the way. “I was disappointed to see I have no fewer than 17 wooden spoons.” He added: “Sorting through them, I realised I do have a favourite. READ MORE: Amber Heard's low-cut charity event dress she says sparked fury shown "It's more of a spatula than a spoon, but it suits me very well. I had always looked out for it without knowing I was doing so and felt a twinge of disappointment if it didn’t come to hand. "If ever I lost it for good, I now understood, I would miss it forever, I have started getting feelings for my spoons." Adrian then spoke to listeners who shared their "moving" stories about their kitchen cutlery. Many social media users took to Twitter to share their opinion on Adrian's fascination with spoons. MrMattThomas said: "When will they develop the technology for me to live in Adrian Chiles' brain. It seems nice." DoctorWarmFlash added: "Is Adrian Chiles doing okay? Really not sure." GlutenFreelki shared her own spoon story as she penned: "I looked up the article only to find that Adrian Chiles' and I have a similar taste in cutlery. "I, too, love my wooden spoon very much. How wonderfully mundane." DON'T MISS... Nicole Kidman, 54, looks almost unrecognisable in make-up free photo [PICS] Saira Khan has £2.5k bum lift and husband can’t keep hands off [INSIGHT] Jane Fonda, 84, reflects on 'final act' in career in new interview [COMMENT] Adrian also raised many eyebrows recently after revealing he has a urinal in his flat, also encouraging others to follow suit. The former Strictly Come Dancing star insisted that a private urinal is the solution to many domestic issues, including men leaving the seat up or having poor aim. He wrote that he was "very proud" of the urinal and is "a great enthusiast for urinals in the home". Adrian penned: "This is an enthusiasm shared by very few people, especially women, who have been known to retch at the very sight of it. "It changed my life. Gentlemen – or anyone with a penis – trust me: it is wonderful to have a toilet of one’s own", he added to The Guardian. Adrian has two grown-up daughters from his relationship with ex-wife Jane Garvey. He has been The Guardian's editor Katharine Viner since 2019. Adrian has been a Guardian columnist for several years, but where other columnists seemingly try and rile people up with their most divisive opinion, Adrian’s can be seen to be a little different.