Drew Barrymore, 47, has apologised to fans who accused her of “making light” of Johnny Depp and Amber Heard’s defamation lawsuit. The Pirates of the Caribbean star, 58, is suing his ex-wife, 36, in a $50 million defamation suit while she is countersuing him for $100 million and is set to take to the stand this week to testify against her ex-husband. Speaking recently on The Drew Barrymore Show, the Charlie’s Angels actress weighed in on the high-profile case. She said: “It’s like one layer of crazy, it’s a seven-layer dip of insanity." Drew went on: “I know that these are two people’s real lives and I know what it’s like to have your life put out in public. “I understand all the feelings, but they are actually offering up this information that nobody had to know. This is crazy!” But the comments have sparked backlash among fans, prompting the actress to take to Instagram to publicly apologise. In view of her 15.6 million followers, Drew posted a video speaking to the camera as she thanked her critics for the “teachable moment”. She said: “It has come to my attention that I have offended people with making light of Johnny Depp and Amber Heard and for that I just want to deeply apologise and appreciate everyone who spoke out because this can be a teachable moment for me and how I move forward and how I conduct myself.” Drew continued: “I can be a more thoughtful and better person moving forward because all I want to do is be a good person and I very much appreciate the depth of this and I will grow and change from it. “And I thank everyone helping me grow along the way and teaching me. Thank you.” Fans of the Hollywood star welcomed the video as they took to the comments section to praise her for admitting her shortcomings. Evanrosskatz said: “Here’s to all of us embracing teachable moments and the aspiration know better and do better and be good people in this world. We love you @drewbarrymore.” DON'T MISSJeremy Clarkson talks 'guilt' over farm dilemma, leaving Kaleb fuming [LATEST]Victoria Beckham says David 'can't get enough' as he's caught staring [PICTURES]Rachel Riley slammed after arguing 'no one should defend Johnny Depp' [INSIGHT] Pracsuz added: “Thank you for this but personally I believe that you owe this apology On your show as that is where you said all of these things. “I truly appreciate that you are willing to grow. We all are growing and learning all the time. “Domestic violence is nothing to make light of, no matter if you’re a man, a woman, a child or a dog or a cat or anything. “Happy you are willing to do better," they ended their comment. Stormborn3 commented: “Good on you for apologizing. Was very disheartening you’d make light of such a thing, so many of us relate to. “Johnny is bringing awareness, this is becoming a movement, Drew. “Stand on the right side, if being a good person is what you want," they wrote. In the trial, Depp claimed he was dropped by Disney from Pirates of the Caribbean 6 in 2018, days after his ex-wife wrote a Washington Post op-ed claiming to be a victim of domestic violence.