Napoli have rejected a 'mega bid' worth a staggering £76million from Arsenal for Victor Osimhen, according to sensational reports from Italy. The prolific Nigerian frontman has worked his way onto Mikel Arteta and Edu's striker shortlist but it appears the Gunners will have to smash their transfer record to land the highly-rated Super Eagles international.  Arsenal have long admired the 23-year-old, who is now recognised as one of the best young centre-forwards in world football following his goalscoring exploits in Serie A. The north London club previously considered a move for Osimhen during his time at Lille, while legendary boss Arsene Wenger also held talks with the player following the Under-17 World Cup way back in 2015, when Osimhen starred in attack for his country. But a lot has changed since then, most notably Osimhen's value with Napoli now set to demand a premium in order to agree to any sale this summer. According to Italian outlet Calciomercato, the Serie A club have rejected an opening offer from Arsenal worth £76m (€90m). READ MORE: Arsenal to complete first summer signing with Marquinhos set for medical in London While there is no talk of a bid in the English press, Osimhen is certainly a name on Arsenal's radar. The Gunners are expected to spend excessively following the conclusion of the season, even if they miss out on Champions League football on the final day of the Premier League campaign. Arsenal need to beat Everton, whilst also hoping Norwich somehow pull off a major scalp against Tottenham at Carrow Road in order to seal a return to Europe's elite club competition. Nonetheless, Edu and the Arsenal hierarchy are set to dig their hands deep into their pockets and back Arteta, who recently signed a contract extension. At least two new strikers are on the agenda with Eddie Nketiah and Alexandre Lacazette now expected to leave Arsenal upon the expiry of their contracts in June. DON'T MISSArsenal to complete first summer signing with Marquinhos set for medical in LondonMan Utd 'have three signings on table' as Erik ten Hag transfer budget revealedGabriel Jesus 'decides stance' on Arsenal transfer without Champions League football The duo will follow former captain Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang out the door after he signed for Barcelona in January following the mutual termination of his Arsenal contract. But given there are several areas of Arteta's squad in need of development, Arsenal will need to ensure they shop sensibly if they're working on a restricted budget. That would pose serious questions to their pursuit of Osimhen, who could cost close to £90m on the basis of Napoli's tough negotiating stance. Arsenal's current club-record signing Nicolas Pepe, who cost £72m in the summer of 2019, is one of the players that could leave to help bolster finances. The Gunners will have to take a considerable loss on the Ivorian when they eventually agree to sell him in the coming months. Interestingly, he was previously wanted by Napoli before they landed Osimhen and his former agent held extensive talks with the Serie A club in Italy before his client signed for Arsenal. Arteta's other striker targets include Gabriel Jesus, who will be the subject of a formal proposal at the end of the season. His representatives have held positive discussions with Arsenal and are not ruling out a move to north London, even without Champions League football. Tammy Abraham, Jonathan David, Alexander Isak and Dominic Calvert-Lewin are other names of interest.