The American Diabetes Association (ADA) says some people with diabetes have symptoms so mild that they go unnoticed. Nonetheless, there are often signs. These can include tingling, pain, or numbness in the hands or feet, which typically indicates type 2 diabetes. The organisation says: “In people with type 1 diabetes, the onset of symptoms can be very sudden, while in type 2 diabetes, they tend to come about more gradually, and sometimes there are no signs at all.”  The ADA says other common symptoms of diabetes include: The organisation states: “Early detection and treatment of diabetes can decrease the risk of developing the complications of diabetes.”  The NHS says many people have type 2 diabetes without realising, as symptoms do not necessarily make you feel unwell. The health body says early in the course of type 2 diabetes planned weight loss can reverse the disease. The NHS says that you should see a GP if you have any of the symptoms of type 2 diabetes or you're worried you may have a higher risk of getting type 2 diabetes. It notes: “A GP can diagnose diabetes. You'll need a blood test, which you may have to go to your local health centre for if it cannot be done at your GP surgery.” NHS Inform adds: “It's very important for diabetes to be diagnosed as soon as possible as it will get progressively worse if left untreated.” The health body explains type 2 diabetes occurs when the body doesn't produce enough insulin to function properly, or the body's cells don't react to insulin. This means glucose stays in the blood and isn't used as fuel for energy. “Type 2 diabetes is often associated with obesity and tends to be diagnosed in older people. “Due to increased obesity, type 2 diabetes is now being seen in young people and all ages. It's far more common than type 1 diabetes.”  The CDC says: “You can prevent or delay type 2 diabetes with proven, achievable lifestyle changes—such as losing a small amount of weight and getting more physically active—even if you’re at high risk.” It notes that before developing type 2 diabetes, most people have prediabetes. This is when their blood sugar is higher than normal but not high enough yet for a diabetes diagnosis. The Mayo Clinic says losing weight reduces the risk of diabetes, so this may help if you are overweight.  It notes that people in one large study reduced their risk of developing diabetes by almost 60 percent after losing approximately 7 percent of their body weight with changes in exercise and diet. The organisation adds: “Fatty foods are high in calories and should be eaten in moderation. “To help lose and manage weight, your diet should include a variety of foods with unsaturated fats, sometimes called good fats.” Anyone who has symptoms of diabetes should be tested for the disease. 