Last year, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex took part in an interview with the US chat show host where they made a series of claims about their time as members of the Firm. The allegations made by Meghan Markle, 40, and Prince Harry, 37, caused shockwaves among the public and the Royal Family. After airing, Buckingham Palace released a statement that said “while some recollections may vary” the issues were “taken very seriously and will be addressed by the family privately”. Now, the duo could be prepared to make further bombshell claims again after former Vanity Fair editor Tina Brown blasted the couple in her new book. Ms Brown interviewed a slew of insiders and royal contacts for the contents of her recently released royal tome ‘The Palace Papers’. A source said to be close to the Duchess, said that the claims made by Tina Brown had “really gotten under Meghan’s skin”. As a result, they claim the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were looking to “come out fighting” by implementing some “major damage control”. The source told Heat magazine: “These latest claims have really gotten under Meghan’s skin. She’s told her team that something needs to be done. “She’s so sick of the negative headlines and she’s desperate to come out fighting with some major damage control. “ “Meghan feels as though doing another chat with Oprah is the best way to change the narrative and counter all the negative claims she’s read about herself recently. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's daughter Sienna tipped for public appearance “She’s been in contact with Oprah’s people already.” Specific claims the source pointed to from The Palace Papers that Meghan wanted to refute include Ms Brown’s account of when the Sussexes visited Australia and the South Pacific in 2018. Ms Brown, who also wrote the Diana Chronicles in 2006 about the late Princess of Wales, wrote that Meghan “apparently hated every second of it. “She found the itinerary of engagements 'pointless,' a former palace employee told me.” The author went on to say: “She didn’t understand why things were set up in that way. DON'T MISS Kate and William ‘looking to emulate Harry and Meg’ with rebranding [REPORT] Camilla not allowed to 'throw wobblies' post marriage - expert claims [INSIGHT] Kate and William 'commendable' for upbringing of their children [REVEAL] “Instead of being excited when thousands of people showed up at the [Sydney] Opera House, it was very much like, ‘What’s the purpose? I don’t understand this,’ the ex-staffer said.” Ms Brown added: “The ‘this’ being the representational role of the British monarchy and its traditional agenda, rather than the focus on causes she wanted to spotlight. “Such engagements are old school, yes, but create classic royal ties that bind.” During the interview with Oprah last year, Meghan and Harry covered a wide range of topics. The series of bombshell claims made by the duo saw them being accused of severely damaging the Royal Family’s international reputation, while others questioned the accuracy of their allegations. In the interview, the couple claimed there had been "concerns and conversations" raised by a member of the family about what colour Archie's skin would be. Following his wife’s allegation, Harry said: "That conversation, I am never going to share.” “At the time, it was awkward, I was a bit shocked.” They also claimed that a rift had arisen between Harry and Prince Charles, with the Duke claiming that at one point his father had "stopped taking my calls". After their sitdown chat hit the small screen, the couple faced backlash on an international scale. Despite the time period since it was broadcast, commentators still examine the couple’s serious allegations against the Palace regarding its approach to race and mental health. Representatives for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were contacted for comment by Express.co.uk