Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has questioned the Champions League final ticket allocations ahead of the Reds showdown with Real Madrid later this month. The Merseysiders reached the showpiece event after seeing off Villarreal in the semi-finals.  “Is it right I read we only get 20,000 tickets,” Klopp said as he addressed reporters on Friday. “Real get 20,000 and it’s 75,000 seats. Where are these 35,000 [going]?” Earlier this week, Liverpool confirmed that 19,618 of their tickets will be made available to supporters, with a further 382 tickets being reserved as part of the players, staff and club VIP allocation. But Klopp still wants Reds fans to travel to Paris to support the team. “I think Paris is a place you can go without a ticket and enjoy yourself,” continued the German. “Whoever follows us, I say thank you very much - you made it special. READ MORE: Chelsea tipped to sign 'new Varane' as Antonio Rudiger replacement  “I cannot be more thankful for our fans. I really hope they can all make it somehow to Paris and create an incredible atmosphere. I think Paris is big enough that you can go there without a ticket and have a good time and behave yourself in the best possible mood.” Liverpool struggled to find their best form on Tuesday night as they went head-to-head with Villarreal in the second leg of their semi-final at the Estadio de la Ceramica. The Reds had gained a 2-0 advantage in the first leg at Anfield but saw their lead evaporate by half time as Boulaye Dia and Francis Coquelin struck for the hosts. But Klopp’s side regained their composure at the interval and secured their place in the final as Fabinho, Luis Diaz and Sadio Mane found the back of the net to put the tie to bed. DON'T MISSNapoli star Osimhen 'chooses' between Arsenal and Manchester United transferLiverpool's five-year plan under Klopp complete after 'comedic' Tottenham show Man Utd's price tag for Marcus Rashford exit speaks volumes about him   Liverpool’s encounter with Real sees a repeat of the 2018 final, where the Reds were defeated 3-1 following two mistakes from goalkeeper Loris Karius. And Klopp believes it is his team’s destiny to face the Spanish giants again after lifting the European trophy by defeating Tottenham in 2019. “When we lost that final, my solution would have been to play the final the next year against Real Madrid - but we played Tottenham in Madrid,” added the 54-year-old. “It seems to be our destiny. “What Madrid did [this season] was outstanding. They got through vs PSG, Chelsea and [Manchester] City. If you knock out those three you definitely deserve to be in final. It will be great. I'm happy to go there and give it a try. Until then there are a lot of games to play.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here