Antonio Conte has held talks with Tottenham chief Daniel Levy to discuss the summer transfer window. The Italian boss wants to shape his squad around older and experienced players but will have to convince Levy to part ways with his vision for Spurs' transfer policy. Conte has also apparently decided to part ways with eight first-team players this summer. After signing an 18-month contract with an option to extend by one year, Conte’s future at Spurs will depend on whether the club can meet his ambitions ahead of next season – which will be discussed with Levy at the end of the current campaign. The 52-year-old is said to want to welcome at least six new signings, including a midfielder, a forward and three defenders before their July pre-season tour. The Times claims the former Inter Milan manager had dinner with Levy last month to discuss the summer transfer window, in the strongest indication yet that he will stay this summer despite rumours linking him with the Paris Saint-Germain. It's also claimed Conte wants to offload eight first-team players, including Sergio Reguilon, Emerson Royal, Steven Bergwijn, Giovani Lo Celso and Tanguy Ndombele.   Ndombele is currently on loan at Lyon, but it isn't expected they'll pay the £42million fee required to make the move permanent. Reguilon has fallen down the pecking order and it appears Ryan Sessegnon is the preferred option at left wing-back. Royal has failed to impress on the right when compared to Matt Doherty, and Giovani Lo Celso is currently on loan at Villarreal.  But Conte will have to convince Levy to part ways with the club's transfer policy in order to sign the players he wants. The head coach is believed to want experienced players, while Spurs' policy is that they should sign younger players who can increase in value. One player Tottenham have been linked with is Christian Eriksen, who previously spent seven seasons at the north London side between 2013 and 2020. The Danish international, 30, will become a free agent next month when his contract at Brentford expires. Eriksen played with Conte at Inter Milan, and just recently dropped a hint that he would be willing to return to Spurs this summer. He said: “I would love to play Champions League football again. I know how much fun it is, but it isn’t essential for me.”  Spurs are also set to trigger the option to sign Dejan Kulusevski on a permanent basis for £25million rather than waiting for the loan to expire next season and paying then. The 21-year-old has scored three goals while assisting eight after joining on an 18-month loan deal from Juventus in January. Cristian Romero will also make the permanent move from Atalanta for £42.5m after an initial season long loan spell. The centre-back has been one of the best defenders  in the Premier League this season, and it's believed Conte wants to shape his defence around the Argentine.