Good Morning Britain presenters Richard Madeley and Susanna Reid were joined by Foreign Secretary Liz Truss to discuss what the government plans are to help with the rise in inflation. It was revealed today that inflation has risen by nine per cent, and the cost of living is getting harder for people day to day. When asking Truss about the actions the government have been taking, Madeley claimed they were "stuck" and needed to do more quicker. After Truss had been grilled by Reid over the fact they had not been doing enough for people who had been struggling, it was Madeley's turn to give his opinion. He slammed: "Liz Truss, the impression that your government is giving if I can just put it into common words, is that you have got millions of people... "More and more people virtually every day as inflation goes up shouting for help, they are calling to you for help. "All they are getting back from the government, and they are getting it from interviews like this is, 'Yeah, we will be with you in a minute, we are working on it, we will get back to you, anytime now'. READ MORE: EastEnders theory: Beloved family torn apart in resident exit plot "Then the shouts for help got louder and then this, 'Yeah we are coming', we are just not seeing any action, you keep saying the efforts to think about the problem, but no one is making any decisions at all." Truss began to explain: "I have outlined the steps that we have already taken in terms of fuel duty and household -" However, Madeley interrupted: "That was ages ago! We are talking about now." "It was a few weeks ago, Richard," Truss tried to defend but Madeley pressed on: "Yes, and inflation has shot up since then. "As Susanna said, the landscape is changing under your feet (and) it calls for swift action, swift policies, this is a very fast-moving situation, and you seem to be stuck." Truss exclaimed: "We're not stuck, we are working very hard to get the right solutions in place, and we also need to make sure that we have got the economic growth to pay for the support that is really important. "Tracking the investments is important, and we do have very low unemployment, which is a success, and we need to build on that with higher paid jobs in the future. "So the government always has to look at making sure the preparations are long term whilst helping families during this difficult time." The presenters had previously touched on statements made by Chancellor Rishi Sunak about his plans to help, to which Truss had shut down and stated she couldn't answer for him. DON'T MISS...‘People crying out for help!’ Ferrari puts Liz Truss on the spot [INSIGHT]Truss blasts EU after Sefcovic throws out UK Brexit masterplan [LATEST]Is it a threat?' UK fires warning shot as EU under pressure  [MORE] However, Madeley pushed: "You say you can't make a statement on the Chancellor's behalf, and of course you can't, we understand that. "But on your own behalf, in the autumn budget would you like to see a windfall tax, would you argue for it?" Avoiding the question, Truss replied: "I'm not going to reveal what the discussions we have in the cabinet are, but I am a low-tax conservative. "I believe that we need to have an economy that attracts investment, that is the best way to generate the jobs and opportunities in the long term. "We are facing very difficult global headwinds, and we need to bring an end to this war in Ukraine by helping them to win. "We need to get to the end of this supply chain process, we led the way with Covid, bringing in the vaccines." Cutting the interview off, Reid took one last jibe: "Well, that's not helping people pay their food bills." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.