Si King and Dave Myers have been entertaining fans as the Hairy Bikers and teaching them how to cook for many years, but it was a "lonely" Si who joined Phillip Schofield and Rochelle Humes on Wednesday's This Morning. With the recent announcement of Dave undergoing chemotherapy for cancer, Si joined the duo on ITV to prepare a delicious spinach and chicken curry while his colleague rested and continued his treatment.   The Hairy Bikers are regular chefs on This Morning, with Si making a rare solo appearance this week. Welcoming him to the show, Phil said: "He's half of one of the TV's most iconic cooking duos, the Hairy Bikers' Si King is in the Kitchen. "The first question has got to be, how's Dave?" Si replied: "He is doing ok, he is doing ok. He remains really positive and pretty focused on his treatment. Read More: Richard Madeley digs at Meghan Markle over plans to be President 'It’s so transparent’ "He is just typically Dave. He is as tough as an old boot." Cooking "alone'" he added: "It's a bit odd without my mate, I have to say." Phil reassured him that he was "amongst friends." Si ended his co-star's update with: "He remains really positive, we are all rallying around him. he will get there." Dave, 64, recently revealed he had cancer while talking to Si, 55 on their podcast - Hairy Bikers Agony Uncles.    In their podcast where they "share because they care", Dave said: "Anyway Kingy, I've got to come clean now, I haven't been too well recently and, basically, I've got to have some chemo, you know all this anyway, so this year is going to be a bit quiet for me. "I'm not going to be filming, some of the festivals I'm not going to be able to go to, some may be OK but this year's a bit of a write-off for us." Not wanting to have to "hide under a rock," he asked their many listeners for their support and to respect his privacy at this time. He continued: "I have had to speak up about this because I don't want to hide under a rock, but I would love it if people respected my privacy and just let me get on with it and give Si and our team all the support they need, that would be great. DON’T MISS…'White working class lads don't get a look in' GB News guest slams diverse BBC coverage [LATEST]'Disgusted' BBC Breakfast sparks uproar over Russian news coverage 'Don't want to see [LATEST]'It was a lie!' Susanna Reid skewers Wes Streeting over Angela Rayner row [LATEST]  "But look, the prognosis is OK, I'm going to be fine." "I've just got to tuck in, look after myself, eat sensibly and get over this mess, flog books, and be a happy person so, within that, that's where I am." Making a mild joke at his own expense, he added: "I may be a baldy biker for a while so it's just a warning, I don't want to make a fuss about it, I look alright bald actually." He did not reveal what type of cancer he had.  The pair are well-loved, and with many books and TV shows to their name, fans are looking forward to the pair being reunited on screen again in the future. Many Strictly Come Dancing fans will remember Dave for his can-do attitude and moves from his time on the show and hope he can return to that energetic state soon. In 2013 he and professional dancer Karen Hauer left the show on the seventh episode. This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV. 