The Labour MP for Hackney North said that Mr Johnson should be the one "Downing Street needs getting rid of". She was speaking after Mr Johnson said he would "overhaul" his Downing Street management following a highly critical report into coronavirus lockdown breaching parties at Number 10. Labour's Diane Abbott tweeted: "Ridiculous that Boris Johnson is talking about 'overhauling' 10 Downing Street in response to 126 fines for breaking Covid regulations.  "The real overhaul Downing Street needs is getting rid of Boris himself, Partygate." Mr Johnson was accused of "losing control" of Downing Street after 126 fines were handed out by police investigating the lockdown breaching parties. Boris Johnson has now stated he has overhauled his Downing Street operation following the conclusion of a four-month Metropolitan Police inquiry in what has been known as Partygate. Scotland Yard’s Operation Hillman was closed on Thursday with a total of 126 fixed penalties handed out to 83 people. READ MORE: Ambulances rush to store as 'people collapsing'  However, it was confirmed the Prime Minister would not be punished further than the £50 fine he received in April. This fine was for his attendance at his own birthday party in June 2020 when indoor mixing was banned. Operation Hillman cost the Metropolitan Police £460,000 to conduct. Mr Johnson's overhaul comes ahead of the publication of senior civil servant Sue Gray’s separate report into the indoor lockdown breaching parties at Downing Street. DON'T MISS: Labor's lead over ScoMo narrows as Aussie's head to the pollsPrince Charles snapped on snowmobile Ann Widdecombe blasts Nicola Sturgeon  Ms Gray's report is expected to come out next week. Her interim report published in January said there were “failures of leadership and judgment” that allowed the parties to happen. Her full briefing is expected to expand upon this. Referring to the lockdown parties, UK Justice Secretary Dominic Raab has now admitted that “mistakes were made”. Speaking to BBC Breakfast, Mr Raab said: “I think he’s been clear in relation to things that happened at Number 10 Downing Street. "Mistakes were made. "Also, lessons have been learned from the interim Sue Gray report." 