Dave Kenny and his wife Debra, 60, were shocked when police said the pair could end up in jail. The Swansea based couple has a ferry to catch but have been warned they could be jailed if they attempt to drive their van. The pair explained they were planning to make a dash for the border under the cover of darkness. The couple arrived in Spain in March after setting off for a six week road trip with their three dogs. Dave was involved in a minor accident while trying to park the van in Spain and he said there was “no problem at all”. He said: “Because we are British they didn’t know how the insurance worked so they called the local police.” READ MORE: Jet2 slaps ‘violent’ brothers with lifetime ban and 50k bill Dave said he presented his documents to the police and everything was fine with his insurance. However, when he went to go the police told him he wasn’t going anywhere as they said his licence wasn’t valid. Dave said: “It’s a full UK licence, it still has the EU symbol in the corner. They said ‘no since Brexit, it isn’t valid’.” The couple were taken to the local police station where their van was clamped and they were given a 500 euro (£421) fine. The pair said they reached out to the British Embassy who said Dave’s licence was valid for Spain. Spain recently changed its law on UK licences and requires expats to exchange their licence for a British one. However, tourists are able to drive in Spain on a UK licence for up to 90 days if they aren’t residents. The couple are now trapped at their holiday home using electric bikes to pick up shopping to avoid driving. Dave told Sun Online: “We’ve got a ferry to catch and right now it’s illegal for me to drive according to the police.” He said despite being threatened with “serious consequences” for driving he was going to make a “dash for the border”. He said the couple were “literally stranded” and had been left without another option due to the police. Dave warned other British tourists to be aware of the issue as it’s possible they could be caught too. The RAC states that drivers must be aged 18 or over and hold a full valid driving licence to drive in Spain. Tourists will also need to have a clearly displayed UK sticker on their car and it must be visible. British expats will need to exchange their UK driving licence for a Spanish one after the change in law. They will have to take a driving test in Spanish in order to qualify for a Spanish licence.