Ukraine has leaked what it claims is an intercepted SOS message sent last month from the missile cruiser Moskva as the flagship of Russia's Black Sea fleet sunk after catching fire. Kyiv has said it hit the ship with an anti-ship missile while Moscow blamed an ammunition explosion. The audio clip captures the moment a member of the crew radios HQ to report the damage onboard the stricken warship. The Russian sailor can be heard reporting: “It's tilting to its side, I repeat, its tilting to one side… "It is damaged, I confirmed shell holes below the waterline." He added: "Captain’s bridge is cut off, there is no connection. The tilt is 30 degrees, it’ll tilt to one side. "No way to get closer. We are carrying out a feasible rescue of the crew."  Russia has remained tight-lipped on what might have caused the fire they say sunk the Moskva, but Maksym Marchenko, the Ukrainian governor of the region around the Black Sea port of Odesa, said at the time the ship had been hit by two Ukrainian-made Neptune anti-ship cruise missiles. "Neptune missiles guarding the Black Sea caused very serious damage," he said in an online post at the time. The Moskva was the second major ship known to have suffered serious damage since the start of the war. A month before Ukraine claimed to have destroyed a landing support ship, the Orsk, on the smaller Sea of Azov.   DON'T MISS:Ukraine LIVE: 'Stunning lack of sense' Putin red-faced over army chaos [LIVE]Zelensky's heroes shoot down terrifying Russian missile over Ukraine [LATEST]Putin humiliated as Ukraine strikes back with counter offensive [BREAKING] Russia's navy has continued launched cruise missiles into Ukraine and its activities in the Black Sea are crucial to supporting land operations in the south of the country, where it is battling to finally win control over the Azovtal steelworks, the last remaining Ukrainian enclave in the city of Mariupol. Russia on Saturday dismissed Ukraine's claim it had damaged a modern navy logistics ship in the Black Sea and showed photos of what it said was the vessel with no signs of damage. Military authorities in the southern Odesa region said on Thursday that Ukrainian naval forces had struck the Vsevolod Bobrov, setting it alight. In an online post, the Russian defence ministry published photos it said had been taken of the ship on Saturday in the Crimean Black Sea port of Sevastopol. DON'T MISS:Ukraine LIVE: 'Stunning lack of sense' Putin red-faced over army chaos [LIVE]Zelensky's heroes shoot down terrifying Russian missile over Ukraine [LATEST]Putin humiliated as Ukraine strikes back with counter offensive [BREAKING] "It is now clear from the photographs that the ship is not damaged at all," it said. Meanwhile, Russia on Monday said its forces had shot down three Ukrainian fighter jets, one near Snake Island in the Black Sea and the others in the Mykolaiv and Kharkiv regions, while its missiles continued to pound targets in the east of the country. Russia's defence ministry said its forces shot down Su-25 aircraft near the settlements of Yevhenivka in the Mykolaiv region and Velyka Komyshuvakha in Kharkiv, and a Su-24 near Snake Island, which achieved worldwide fame in the conflict's first hours when Ukrainian border guards stationed there rejected a Russian warship's demand for their surrender. Nearly three months since Russia sent tens of thousands of troops into Ukraine on February 24, Russian and Russian-backed forces are still in control of an area of Ukraine about the size of Greece along the Sea of Azov and the Black Sea, and in Ukraine's east bordering Russia.