A display of Union flags, to commemorate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations next week, unleashed a furore on social media, with several commentators comparing the sight to Nazi Germany. Remainer activist Femi Oluwole launched a furious attack on the Union flags on Regent Street, claiming while there is nothing wrong with flag decorations, it represents "blatant fascism". GB News host Patrick Christys took to the streets yesterday to interview Britons on their view of the flag and the furore surrounding it this week. One elderly woman said she was fed up with the nay-sayers, saying: "Oh, get a life! "These people should have more serious things to worry about, it's awful. "They have just got to knock things down, things that have been working very well." Two French tourists said they were "very pleased" to see the Union Jack on display during their visit to the country. JUST IN: Andrew Neil mocks SNP over pathetic response to Rishi Sunak  One man said: "It's part of heritage and identity. It's a combination of all four nations in the UK, so why would you want to change it?" A young woman disagreed, adding: "The monarchy has a lot of problems, it's problematic, I'm not totally proud of it. "But I understand it's a tradition and a way to make money, so I'm not opposed to people celebrating." One man from the US urged people to cut those celebrating the Jubilee some slack.  He told GB News: "Come on, it's the Queen's Jubilee. 70 years, so it's a big deal!" Millions of Britons are expected to celebrate the Jubilee next weekend with street parties and Union flags on show throughout the country. Broadcaster India Willoughby shared a picture of the Union flags on Regent Street and said: "When the Queen dies, wouldn’t be surprised if Boris appoints himself Fuhrer and assumes total control. "That’s how close I think Britain is to Nazi Germany." DON'T MISS: Queen Platinum Jubilee: Union flag row as 'self-loathing left' savaged [REACTION]Ukrainian forces down Russian helicopter and fighter jet in one day [VIDEO]'Divisive' Meghan and Harry brace for backlash from royal superfans [INSIGHT]  Tory MP Michael Fabricant said: "Lovely to see this display of flags in Regent Street London for the Platinum Jubilee. I saw similar at Victoria Station for the 2012 Olympics. "Our flag represents democracy and the rule of law. Disappointed that some people have chosen to liken this to ‘Nazi Germany’." Nile Gardiner, a former aide to Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, told Express.co.uk that the flag "should be a source of tremendous pride for everyone in the UK". He added: "It is absolutely astonishing that some on the far-left are choosing to attack the British flag during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations." 