By changing the way he shopped, journalist Harry Ingham was able to make a huge saving after seeing a hack on the MoneySavingExpert website. As the cost of living crisis continues, and inflation sits at nine percent, shoppers are being urged to crouch down in supermarket aisles to make substantial savings. Consumer experts at MoneySavingExpert.com, which was founded by Martin Lewis, have pointed out the simple one second hack of crouching down. The theory goes that supermarkets tend to put the most expensive (and most profitable) items within the customer's eyeline. But cheaper and own brand items can often be found on the bottom shelf. Reporter Harry Ingham, from Hull Live, put this theory to the test to see if he could make savings. He said: "I started with a household essential: I checked the price of top-shelf coffee versus bottom-shelf coffee and found that Douwe Egberts cost an eye-watering £5.90, while ASDA's own brand was a mere £1.83. The teabags told a similar story. The Pukka green tea on the top shelf was £2.79, whereas ASDA's own green tea was only 70p a box. READ MORE: Man breaks down in tears as boss cuts hours to part-time - but keeps full £24,000 salary  Looking through the pasta shelves, he saw that the Napolina spaghetti on a higher shelf cost £1.10 a pack, while the ASDA Smartprice product on the bottom shelf was priced at 23p. Dolmio pasta sauce was £2 on the higher shelf and the 70p ASDA equivalent was found further down. The olive oil brand Filippo Berio cost £7.99, compared to ASDA's own brand which was £3.20. After searching through the condiment section, he saw that Hellman's mayonnaise was priced at £3.29, with the ASDA jar retailing for 75p, positioned on the bottom shelf. Heinz Tomato ketchup, meanwhile was on the top shelf at £2.29, with ASDA's own brand lower at 42p. Harry found the same for chopped tomatoes with Napolina cans priced at 85p on the higher shelves, whereas the 30p ASDA Smartprice tins were at the bottom. A Branston Beans four-pack on the middle shelf cost £2.50, while the ASDA own-brand beans were only £1.20 on the lower shelves. The same was true for flour, with a tub of Homepride costing £1.50, compared with the ASDA Smartprice at 55p. Jacob's cream crackers occupied the top shelves at £1.50 a packet, with the 40p Asda version on the bottom shelf. Harry added: “Quaker porridge sachets were priced at £2.65 a box, with the ASDA equivalent only costing 79p. Can you guess which one was on the bottom shelf?” Additionally, jams and preserves, such as Bonne Maman, were retailing at £2, while the ASDA jam on the lowest shelf was being sold for only 85p. Similarly, Pip and Nut peanut butter was on the top shelf at £3 whereas the £1.20 ASDA brand was at the bottom. Looking at fizzy drinks, Harry found that Coca Cola came in at £1.77, while the bottom shelf Smartprice cola was priced at 20p. He concluded: “Adding all of the prices together, the total cost of your higher shelf basket would come out at £51.78. If you opted for the lower shelf alternatives, your basket would only cost £16.82. Yes, you read that right. Just by shifting your gaze to the bottom of the supermarket shelves, you could save £34.96. “Some people might say, well, you get what you pay for - and some products will be of a higher quality than others. But with the cost of food soaring, others might be surprised to learn just how much you can save by dropping down a shelf or two. “So, as prices continue to rise, next time you head out to do your weekly shop, keep an eye on the lower shelves. You might just save a fortune.”