Juventus could have a free run at Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba this summer after Paris Saint-Germain seemingly dropped out of the race for his signature. Pogba will be available on a free transfer once his United contract expires at the end of June, and a return to Turin now looks increasingly likely. Juventus and PSG have been the most prominent suitors in the saga surrounding the 29-year-old's second Old Trafford exit. His rejection of Manchester City's advance due to fears over fuelling toxicity with United fans boosted the European heavyweights' hopes. But L'Equipe report Pogba won't be playing for PSG next season because he doesn't feature as part of incoming sporting director Luis Campos' plans. Campos is set to replace Leonardo in the fallout of Kylian Mbappe's demands to snub Real Madrid for a blockbuster contract extension. PSG backing out of a move for Pogba makes Juventus the French World Cup winner's obvious destination, barring any late twists. He will likely complete his next move after France's Nations League fixtures against Croatia twice, Denmark and Ralf Rangnick's Austria in June. JUST IN: Man Utd appoint Jurgen Klopp's ex-Liverpool coach PSG's interest in Pogba was spearheaded by Leonardo, who even met the towering playmaker to discuss a potential summer move, according to Foot Mercato in April. The report claimed that after face-to-face talks, Pogba was closing in on switching Manchester for Paris. But Leonardo's removal as the club's sporting director has shifted the tides, and Juventus are now in pole position to sign him on a free transfer for the second time. They first lured Pogba from Old Trafford in 2012, and he enjoyed significant success in Italy, winning the Serie A title in all four of his seasons. READ MORE: Leeds 'explored re-signing Arsenal star Eddie Nketiah' He also lifted two Coppa Italias and two Supercoppa Italianas before Jose Mourinho persuaded him to rejoin United for a then-world-record £89million fee. But his second stint with the Red Devils hasn't worked out, lifting no silverware after a League Cup and Europa League double in his first campaign. Pogba has been marred by injuries several times across the last six years, and his regular unavailability, mixed with inconsistent performances, has turned his relationship with many supporters sour. He will leave M16 this summer, and that age-old question of 'what if?' will remain in his wake. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.