Since Putin’s illegal invasion of Ukraine, the world has seen Russia flatten cities, murder children and subject women to crimes too horrible to repeat. Now, desperate in their failure, Russia has resorted to ill thought out and dangerous threats of nuclear war. Whilst Putin’s Russia has spiralled deeper into its paranoid and insane world view, much of the international community has united in defence of Ukraine. Joint sanctions, diplomatic co-operation and military and humanitarian aid has seen Russia stutter and stall. The UK has led these efforts, and we should all be proud. But there is an elephant in the room – China. China is the world’s second largest economy; it has the largest army with two million active soldiers, and it sits on the UN’s Security Council. What China does matters – and the war in Ukraine is no exception. So how does China see Ukraine and why? Before Russia’s invasion of Ukraine Xi Jinping and Vladimir Putin declared a friendship with ‘no limits.’ This friendship held firm at first, and the Communist Party’s propaganda machine didn’t report on civilians being murdered until three weeks into the war. The Chinese Communist Party’s mouthpieces blamed America for Russia’s massacres at Bucha, claimed that Ukrainian President Zelensky is controlled by George Soros and even edited photos to show Ukrainians’ holding Nazi flags next to US flags. These lies are designed to brainwash Chinese citizens into blaming America for Russia’s evil actions. If Chinese people were to hear the truth it would undermine the web of lies upon which Xi Jinping has built his evil empire – and this is why Xi allows Putin to channel Russian style paranoia and insanity to his own people. This has begun to change. On the April 30 Ukraine’s Foreign Minister was allowed to speak freely for an interview which was published in China. Whilst most of the Chinese media continues to spread lies, even one interview with a Ukrainian Minister does mark an important shift towards a more cautious approach. Russia is a poor country with an economy not much bigger than Spain’s. Its once feared army has been shown up as dysfunctional, corrupt, and weak. Russia is not even in China’s top 10 trading partners and the risk of Western sanctions has stopped China from propping up Russia. The truth is simple – China relies on Europe and America for its wealth. China has seen how the international community has punished Russia and Xi Jinping has begun to realise that supporting Russia will only lead to a poorer, weaker, and more isolated China.   This is good news for global security. China has long sought to conquer Taiwan with Xi Jinping claiming just last year that he would ‘smash’ the country should it seek independence. Just like Ukraine, Taiwan faces a bigger neighbour willing to wreak havoc and death in pursuit of expansion. The international community has provided Ukraine with the tools to fight for its survival and Ukraine has shown the world that spirit, bravery, and unity can triumph over tyranny. The lesson for China should be clear, and the West is already making it. America just granted another $95 million to bolster Taiwan’s defences, and any attack would face even greater obstacles than Russia has seen in Ukraine. The Chinese Communist Party must decide whether to follow Russia towards failure and isolation, or to join the rest of the world in condemning Russia’s invasion. Allowing the Ukrainian Foreign Minister to speak freely is a first step, but spreading genocidal propaganda should be a war crime itself. Now we must see a full condemnation of Russia and a guarantee that China will never launch a similar attack on Taiwan.  Alicia Kearns is MP for Rutland and Melton. She serves on both the Foreign Affairs Select Committee and the steering committee of the China Research Group. 