The budget airline said it hopes to restart operations this afternoon but passengers have faced chaotic scenes at major UK airports including Gatwick and Manchester. easyJet said the issues were due to a "systems" problem. An easyJet spokesperson told Express.co.uk the issue had now been rectified. They said: "easyJet can confirm that the earlier IT systems issues have now been rectified. "Unfortunately, they resulted in some cancellations earlier today and while we expect to operate most of our remaining flying programme some may still be subject to some disruption in the coming hours. "We advise customers due to travel with us to continue to check Flight Tracker for the status of their flight before making their way to the airport. "We apologise for the inconvenience caused and customers can apply for compensation in line with regulations."  READ MORE: Suitcase packing tips: Don't 'layer' your clothes - ingenious method One passenger wrote on Twitter: “This is just not good enough easyJet. “The airport is absolutely chaos now. They won’t let anybody out because you have to go through security and passport control again. “Yes offering vouchers, hotel, flights but even those are sold out. Not acceptable!” Another said: “My sister and two kids were just about to board and their flight has been cancelled. “No other flights until tomorrow- they are only going away for three nights. No staff around. “She needs assistance with my niece and there is nobody to help! Disgusting service!” Another tweeted: “Flight cancelled and no one to help. Can’t get hold of customer service what happens now?” The IT issue is thought to have affected thousands of customers with flights booked to travel today. Over 30 flights have been cancelled to and from Gatwick Airport, in London. Passengers returning to the UK airport from the Greek islands of Rhodes, Santorini and Mykonos today have been affected by cancellations. Manchester airport has also been affected as a dozen flights have been grounded. From Luton airport, flights to Tenerife, in the Canary Island, Rhodes and Bodrum are also cancelled.  One passenger tweeted: "Shambles at Gatwick. easyJet think they can simply send you a cancellation text and expect you to go away. "Any sort of customer service nowhere to be seen." easyJet has advised all customers flying today to check the status of their flight before heading to the airport. The airline has said the issues are now resolved but disruption may continue. Passengers can apply for compensation in line with regulations.