Transport Minister Grant Shapps reportedly suggested making the change to two-year MOTs in recent Cabinet meetings, where Boris Johnson instructed ministers to come up with plans to tackle the financial disaster plaguing the UK. The UK has some 32.5 million vehicles registered on its roads; one of the biggest driving nations in Europe. An MOT is currently required under law to be completed every year. Data from 2020/2021 reveals that nearly a third of all UK cars and vans failed their MOT first time round. Of that third, 2.5 million failed due to ‘dangerous’ faults. Delaying your MOT, if allowed, would save motorists around £35 to £55 per year. READ MORE: New car sales plummet 16 percent in the UK But this is hardly a dent in the skyrocketing cost of living crisis that has seen energy bills rise by 50 percent and tax bills increase for millions of workers. Transport Secretary Grant Shapps said at a Commons Transport Select Committee: “If you look at things like MOTs – cars have clearly become a lot more reliable than when the MOT, named after the Ministry of Transport, was put in place. “I think it's always right to keep these things under review, but there's a lot of road to cover before we get to that point.” The idea wasn’t met with agreement however, with Transport Select Committee member, Karl McCartney, telling Mr Shapps it was “an absolutely crass idea”. Under current rules, an MOT needs to be carried out annually on all cars over three years old. Far and wide, the decision to delay MOTs has been blasted by the motoring industry. RAC’s head of policy, Nicholas Lyes, said: “The purpose of an MOT is to ensure vehicles meet a basic level of safety for driving on our roads. “Shifting it from annually to every two years would see a dramatic increase in the number of unroadworthy vehicles and could make our roads far less safe.”  DON'T MISSPOLL: Would YOU use a dashcam in your car? [POLL]Fury as British expats face chaos over UK driving licence ban in Spain [REPORT]Neighbours leave ‘rude note’ on car for parking across two spaces [INSIGHT] But another expert has argued the move could be safe for cars that meet certain criteria. Experts from LeaseCar.co.uk told Express.co.uk: “Motorists have been hit hard by the cost of living crisis with fuel costs and inflation on car ownership currently running very high. “However when it comes to vehicles, safety must always be the primary concern. "We feel that a biannual MOT could be a good idea for cars between three and 10 years old. “While reducing the burden on drivers is welcome, we would prefer a stepped approach so that older cars, perhaps those over 10 years old, still require an annual MOT."  Lighting faults are the most common cause of MOT failure. Around 10 percent of cars fail on issues with suspension. The next most common are safety critical elements including brakes tyre defects, both making up seven percent of failures each.