Diana, Princess of Wales was a fashion icon in the eyes of the world ever since her wedding day on July 29, 1981. She was renowned as a style goddess during the 1980s and 1990s. But what is her most memorable outfit? Fashion retailer, Nasty Gal has discovered the most iconic dresses of the 1990s and 2000s.  Princess Diana's 'revenge dress' has been listed in the top 10 most iconic dresses of the last 30 years. Her ‘revenge dress’ is so named because she wore it on the night her ex-husband Prince Charles admitted to being unfaithful in his marriage on television. The black cocktail dress that Diana wore is forever remembered as her ‘revenge dress’, because it made all the front pages on the following day, as opposed to Charles’ interview. From the 1990s to the 2010s, there have been some iconic dresses that have broken the internet. From the unforgettable Jennifer Lopez Versace Green Dress (which is the reason Google Images exists) to Lady Gaga’s jaw-dropping ‘Meat Dress’, there have been a number of undeniable stand-out moments for fashion over the last three decades. These have left long-lasting legacies within the industry. But it was the dress by the future Queen at the time, Princess Diana, that is still the most iconic celebrity fashion moment of the past three decades. A spokesperson from Nasty Gal told Express.co.uk: “The ‘revenge dress’ worn by Diana, Princess of Wales in 1994 is globally recognised.  “The all-black silk number received its unique name after being worn the same evening that Prince Charles went on national television to admit to his affair with Camilla Parker-Bowles. “With one of the biggest wider impacts and the highest average social engagement across the board, Princess Diana’s Revenge Dress scores 16 out of 20 in the index.” Princess Diana still remains one of the most influential royals, despite having passed away 24 years ago. Diana was infamous for her enduring beauty and strategic use of fashion.  This included her legendary taffeta wedding dress to the sultry ‘revenge dress’. Princess Diana famously wore the Queen Mother’s Sapphire Brooch in her ‘revenge outfit’ too. The eye-catching sapphire brooch was a wedding gift from the Queen Mother in 1981. The breathtaking brooch previously belonged to Queen Mary and was passed down in royal tradition.  Princess Diana later redesigned the diamond-and-sapphire brooch as a centrepiece of an incredible seven-strand pearl necklace. In 1994, she wore it with her well-known ‘revenge dress’ during the day Prince Charles admitted to his affair with Camilla Parker Bowles. Whilst the stunning Little Black Dress made royal fans’ jaws drop, jewellery experts at Steven Stone were enthralled by the huge sapphire that sat around the Princess’s neck. After taking a close look at the necklace, leading diamond expert Max Stone revealed that the sapphire on the necklace was originally part of a brooch, gifted to her by the Queen Mother on her wedding day. According to Max, it looks to be around 70 carats, which is over five times the size of the stone in her engagement ring. Considering the size of the stone and the legacy of Princess Diana, this necklace could now be worth up to £100million. 