Dennis Waterman, who is best known for his roles in The Sweeney and Minder, sadly died at the age of 74. The British actor died peacefully at a hospital in Spain, his family confirmed. Amanda Redman, 64, starred alongside the late actor in the television crime drama, New Tricks, where she played Sandra Pullman, until her exit in 2012. Taking to Twitter yesterday, the actress' daughter confirmed that she has been unable to publicly speak out on the death of her former co-star as the "grief is too personal". The on-screen's daughter Emily Redman shared a candid message on her mother's behalf following the news of his death. In view of her 18,900 followers, she penned: "Hi everyone, it’s Emily (Amanda’s daughter). READ MORE: Dennis Waterman dead: New Tricks and Minder star dies aged 74 "She has seen and is grateful for your messages but can’t respond - the grief is too personal and private. Thank you for understanding. E x" Fans flocked to comment on the post, as social media users offered their condolences. Twitter user, Stephen McNally commented: "Take care of her Emily. Grief is a strange thing and I can imagine she was close to him as an actor and friend. You could see their chemistry on screen." Lynn Insley remarked: "Sad loss for us all - take care of your Mum Emily."  Buzzboy wrote: "Dennis Waterman a great actor and missed is all that really needs to be said. Much love Amanda." "Take care, Amanda and Emily. Dennis Waterman was a legend and I know you were great mates. New Tricks with you two on was compelling for me. RIP Dennis," Mac offered. Martin Purdy added: "New Tricks was wonderful for the whole cast. Love to you Amanda. Thanks for the update on your mum Emily." Jim Wark wrote: "Condolences to Amanda such a terrible loss to everyone who knew Dennis. A larger than life character that will live on with all of us." DON'T MISS... Lorraine Kelly says Katie Hopkins is only star banned from her show[LATEST]Jodie Comer risks wardrobe malfunction in daring gown at BAFTAs[PICTURES]Dan Walker issues apology over Strictly partner Nadiya's warning[TV] The New Tricks actor's family shared a statement detailing the news of his death yesterday. It read: "We are deeply saddened to announce that our beloved Dennis passed away very peacefully in hospital in Spain." "He died on Sunday afternoon with wife Pam at his side." "The family kindly ask that our privacy is respected at this very difficult time," they added. Dennis became one of the best known faces on British television in the 1970s when he played Detective Sergeant George Carter opposite John Thaw in ITV's police drama The Sweeney. He enjoyed more success in Minder from 1979 to 1989 as Terry McCann, the bodyguard and partner to George Cole's wheeler dealer Arthur Daley. The actor went on to star in the comedies On the Up and Stay Lucky, before another popular and long-running role as another Cockney detective in New Tricks, which ran from 2003 to 2015. His last film role was in Never Too Late in 2020, which was filmed in Australia.