ABC’s hit procedural drama The Rookie will be coming to an end next week with the final episode for season four. The finale will see John Nolan (played by Nathan Fillion) receive an unexpected visit from a family member.  The series followed the 40-year-old rookie, Nolan, as he took on investigations and gained even more experience at the Los Angeles Police Department. Throughout season four, viewers watched as Nolan ditched his label as ‘rookie’ and was promoted to Police Officer II. Although he began riding with Lucy Chen (Melissa O’Neil), the episode titled ‘Red Hot’ saw him go solo for the first time after Chen decided to ride with Tim Bradford (Eric Winter) again. With so much progression in his professional career, Nolan’s personal life is set to be shaken up with a surprise comeback. READ MORE: GB News guest savages Prince Harry’s acting debut As the finale is set to hit the screens next week, ABC released a trailer which revealed Nolan’s half brother would make a surprise return. The clip showed Nolan on duty pulling up to help a vehicle which appeared to have broken down. However, as he stepped out of the patrol car, he noticed his half brother Pete Nolan (Pete Davidson). After asking “Pete?” he took off, to which Nolan added: “Hey come back here.”  Though Pete did run back to him, it's yet to be revealed why Pete was making the unexpected comeback, as he was also with a mystery lady. While he is likely to shake things up for Nolan in a troublesome way, the episode’s official synopsis doesn’t provide any hints. Instead, it read: “Officer John Nolan is forced to spend a week in solitary confinement in a quiet border town with a young local officer who is in need of some training. “Meanwhile, Sergeant Bradford and Officer Chen discover that looks are deceiving and go undercover together in a possible drug trafficking case.” DON'T MISS...Eurovision 2022 'fix' row as Netherlands 'rob' Latvia of final place [INSIGHT]The Rookie’s Mekia Cox admits she 'feels bad for directors' [INSIGHT] The Rookie spin-off dealt huge boost after backdoor pilot [INSIGHT] Fans will recall that the past few times Pete made a surprise appearance, it was never for good reasons and the episode would take an unpredictable turn. The last time Pete sprung up on Nolan was after he ran away from Chastity (Meg DeLacy) after he revealed she was pregnant. With his upcoming appearance, fans will have to stay tuned to see what trouble Pete will bring for Nolan in the upcoming episode. After Pete Davidson returned to the series in 2021, actor Nathan took to social media and expressed his gratitude for the comedian.  He wrote: “To say I'm a fan of Pete Davidson is an understatement. “His work is always relaxed, natural, and understated. I'm so pleased he's come back to 'The Rookie' to play Nolan's brother again. “It's a treat to work with this guy, and a bigger treat to call him a friend. “If you didn't see the episode last night, it's not too late to stream it on Hulu.” The Rookie is available on ABC. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 