Ralf Rangnick bowed out of his role as Manchester United manager with a classy message to the media. The German coach faced some difficult questions during his time in charge, which came to a disappointing end as his side slumped to a 1-0 defeat against Crystal Palace. But upon exiting the press room, the 63-year-old turned and said “thanks very much”, in what could be his final time speaking to the media as the United manager. During the final press conference, Rangnick criticised Bruno Fernandes for a loose pass which Wilfried Zaha picked up and went on to score the only goal of the game. The strike could have proved costly but Brighton beat West Ham meaning United finish the season in sixth place to secure the final Europa League spot, missing out on the dreaded Europa Conference League. "Yes, I think Brighton did us the favour to turn the game around, they were losing 1-0 at half-time and scored three goals in the second-half," Rangnick said. "That was the good thing about this weekend and this fixture.  "We would have loved to take care of it ourselves but the game was indicative of the last couple of weeks, especially when we played away from home. We tried. "I think we had three good opportunities to score ourselves in the first-half but we didn't and, especially in the first-half, we had too many unforced errors and bad giveaways, that is the way we conceded the goal. In fact, it was our assist, the goalscorer, in the end, was Zaha but the ones who gave the assist were ourselves. "There was a throw-in - just keep the ball into our own half - and the way we defended that shot was also not the way that you have to defend in this league and that's why we were trailing again 1-0.   "At half-time, we were trying to bring on all the young strikers we had on the bench. We had some opportunities in the second half but it was not clinical enough and that's why we lost again away from home." Incoming manager Erik ten Hag was in the stands at Selhurst Park and was spotted shaking his head at moments in the game. However, the ex-Ajax boss has not yet met the players. Rangnick explained: "No he didn't come to the dressing room, it would be unusual. He has not been introduced to the team yet." 