Every year the Royal Windsor Horse Show (RWHS) attracts a host of horse enthusiasts, including several members of the Royal Family, and it will run this year from Thursday, May 12 until Sunday, May 15. While the Queen's attendance at the event this year is yet to be confirmed, many of the Queen's great-grandchildren are expected to appear in carriages on Sunday evening at the 'A Gallop Through History' event to mark the last day of the RWHS and the Queen's Platinum Jubilee.  All of the events in the main Castle Arena can be watched on live stream via ClipMyHorse.tv. The live stream is free of charge on a small player on a laptop or desktop, but videos in full-screen high resolution or on all devices (TV, laptop and smartphone) will require upgrading to the premium package. The ClipMyHorse premium package also enables viewers to watch the events on catch-up at a later time.  READ MORE: Queen 'deploys ring of steel' to stop Harry and Meghan documentary bid The full Royal Windsor Horse Show streaming schedule can be found on the show's website here. Social media users are also able to watch the key competitions via Facebook Live over the coming days. The RWHS website adds that viewers "will be able to interact and ask questions to the commentary teams". Horse & Country TV and Sky Sports will also run highlights of The Rolex Grand Prix on TV.   The Royal Windsor Horse Show is the UK's largest outdoor horse show and it boasts international competitions in an array of disciplines. In previous years, the Queen has made many appearances at the Royal Windsor Horse Show and she is known to adore the event. However, as has been the case with many of her recent engagements, the Queen's attendance at the event is expected to be confirmed closer to the time.  DON'T MISS:Queen's cousin poised to become 'more high profile' royal [ANALYSIS]Harry and Markle could still appear with Queen on balcony [INSIGHT]Princess Beatrice unfazed by balcony snub as she attends Jubilee event [PICTURES] Many are hopeful the Queen will appear at the show's finale performance of 'A Gallop Through History' on Sunday which will be broadcast live by ITV in a special programme, The Queen's Platinum Jubilee Celebration. Key moments of royal history, starting from the reign of Queen Elizabeth I, will be dramatised by a team of more than 1,300 performers and 500 horses overseen by four different celebrity event hosts. On Wednesday, Princess Beatrice took the Queen's planned place in a 4x4 during a charity preview rehearsal of Sunday night's planned extravaganza. Royal sources told the Mirror the Queen is “planning and hoping to attend” at least some of the performance if she is well enough. The Queen has been experiencing "episodic mobility problems" in recent months which prompted her to pull out of the State Opening of Parliament earlier this week. 