Joining Good Morning Britain presenters Richard Madeley and Charlotte Hawkins, Meghan Markle's half-sister Samantha was quick to scold her sister and claimed she has never tried to make contact with her paternal side of the family, even after her father's stroke. Thomas Markle fell ill and was rushed to hospital and is said to have lost the ability to talk after the incident which happened earlier this month. The retired Hollywood lighting director was set to fly over to Great Britain and confront his daughter during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. However, due to his incident, he is no longer able to travel and is in the care of Samantha and her brother Thomas Markle Jr. Previously, sources claimed that Meghan had tried to get in touch with her father after being concerned about his ongoing health battles. Today, Samantha shut down the claims and insisted that Meghan had not tried to reach out and insisted the "rumours are not true". READ MORE: Lucy Pargeter age: How old is Emmerdale's Chas Dingle star? After being asked whether she had heard from her sister, she told Richard and Charlotte: "We have not, and I heard rumours that she was trying to reach out to my dad's camp, but my brother and I are my dad's camp. "His phone number has never changed, his address has never changed, and even though he can't speak, his language comprehension is perfect. "She could text him, she could contact him, and he can text back, so those rumours are not true she has not reached out." Richard continued: "Okay then, well then it begs the question of why should she? We understand that your father, before the stroke, was due to come here with the GB News film crew, and he was going to stalk Harry and Meghan. "He was going to try and follow them around London with a film crew firing questions at them if he could get near enough. "And he was planning on going to Frogmore, which is where they live in Windsor when they come here, and he was basically going to doorstep them and do a reconciliation on camera. "Which is all very showbiz, and in the public eye. Once she knew that was his plan, it's not surprising is it that she wants to keep her distance?" Clapping back at Richard, she exclaimed: "Well, who told you that was his plan? It sounds like the PR staff were drinking too much mercury in the water." DON'T MISS...Meghan and Harry given olive branch with 'surprise balcony appearance' [INSIGHT]Richard Madeley blasted for 's*** stirring' in Meghan Markle GMB chat [LATEST]Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry eye RETURN to Windsor [MORE] "I'll tell you who said it, Samantha," Richard interrupted. "It was Tom Bower, who is a very respected journalist and writer, who spoke to your father on the Saturday before he had the stroke." Samantha added: "Well, actually, it was my understanding that he was thereby very special invite by the lovely Lady Colin Campbell and also GB News. "So I didn't hear anything about him following anybody around, so I don't believe that." According to Daily Mirror, an insider said: “Despite their estrangement, Meghan is concerned. "She wants to know if there is any way to contact her father privately, without other family knowing about it or having to get involved.” The relationship between Meghan and her father deteriorated after he posed for paparazzi pictures before her wedding to Prince Harry in 2018. He has never met Harry nor his two grandchildren, Archie and Lilibet, who is set to have her first birthday during the Platinum Jubilee weekend. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.