Arsenal have reportedly enquired about the possibility of striking a deal for Barcelona striker Memphis Depay this summer. The Dutchman flopped at Manchester United during his previous stint in the Premier League but has been impressive since joining the Spanish giants last year. Gunners chief Mikel Arteta is in desperate need of attacking reinforcements in the summer after the club offloaded Pierre-Emerick Aubayemang in January. And with Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah both having just weeks to run on their current contracts, Depay has emerged as a potential transfer target for the Londoners, according to ABC. The report outlines that Arsenal have 'made contact' with the Barcelona hierarchy to find out how much a deal to prise Depay away from Catalonia would cost. The 28-year-old has plundered 13 goals in 37 games this term, but he could still be sold in the summer. Depay's currently deal is set to expire next summer - meaning Barca could elect to cash in on the ex-Lyon star rather than running the risk of losing him for nothing in 12 months time. READ MORE: Five takeaways for Man Utd stars after his former players speak out The attacker - who is also being tracked by West Ham and Juventus - is just one of a number of stars who could be sacrificed by Barcelona in the coming months to keep their financial issues at bay. Frenkie de Jong, Sergino Dest and Clement Lenglet could also move on for the right price in the summer window. Depay endured a torrid time in the Premier League with Manchester United, where he netted just seven goals in 18 months. However, that hasn't deterred the Gunners from keeping tabs on the 77-cap Netherlands international. Arsenal's transfer business is likely to hinge on Champions League qualification, with Tottenham now in pole position to pip their north London rivals to a top-four finish after the Gunners slumped to a 2-0 defeat against Newcastle on Monday night. DON'T MISS Manchester City striker Gabriel Jesus has been heavily linked with a move to the Emirates, however, it remains to be seen if the Brazilian will be keen on joining a club who are unable to offer Champions League football. The 25-year-old's agent claimed last month that there are 'six other clubs' who have registered an interest in signing the striker if he does depart the Premier League champions. Jesus' contract is also set to expire next summer. A new report from ESPN has claimed that City are 'expecting' Jesus to seek their blessing for an exit in the coming weeks, with Juventus named as one of the other clubs who are set to compete for the striker's signature.