Princess Beatrice and Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi announced their engagement on September 26, 2019. But while the happy couple were all smiles, it was the Princess' engagement ring that took centre stage. The Queen's granddaughter wears a beautiful three-stone jewel on her left ring finger. Maxwell Stone, diamond expert at Steven Stone, valued the royal sparkler at between £130,000 - £140,000. It was designed by Beatrice's then fiance, Edoardo, and British jeweller Shaun Leane. The designer previously told Town & Country: "I believe bespoke should be a fusion of the designer and the emotions, memories and details of the collector." READ MORE: BAFTA awards: Celebrities arrive wearing pink, bows and feathers Calling the ring an "absolute stunner", Maxwell spoke to Express.co.uk about its design. He explained: "A six-claw round diamond takes centre stage, which looks to be around 3cts. "The round diamond shoulders two tapered baguettes, which gives the ring a vintage feel and Art Deco-inspired look." For an added touch of "sparkle", Edoardo also had small pavé diamonds incorporated half way around the band. Unsurprisingly, the diamonds are VVS grade, meaning they have "miniscule inclusions that are difficult even for trained eyes to see under 10x magnification". "With this in mind, I would estimate the value of this ring to be around £130,000 to £140,000." Steeped in royal engagement tradition, Beatrice's ring does not deviate from any norms or protocol. In fact, it bears a huge resemblance to two key royals. "It is very similar to Meghan Markle's engagement ring, not to mention her Grandmother's ring, Queen Elizabeth," Maxwell revealed." Meghan Markle's engagement ring, which is the most searched for royal engagement ring online, also features three stunning diamonds. The largest diamond is a 6ct stone sourced from Botswana, a place Prince Harry associates with his late mother, Princess Diana. The two smaller diamonds that flank the large stone are from Diana's personal collection, which attaches further sentimentality to the piece. As for the Queen's majestic engagement ring, which she received in 1947, it is a platinum ring set with 11 diamonds, a 3ct round solitaire and five smaller stones set on each shoulder. Maxwell said: "Queen Elizabeth's ring is breathtaking. "It is thought that Prince Phillip designed the ring himself, with jewellers at Phillip Antrobus and co. using diamonds from his mother's tiara, which gives it a splash of added sentiment." Yet, despite its similarity to Princess Beatrice's, it is worth significantly more, an estimated £207,000. "However, this is likely to increase overtime, thanks to the remarkable royal who wears it."