Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta will be aiming for a third win in a row as the Gunners' quest for Champions League qualification goes on. West Ham may put out a depleted side as they understandably will have more than one eye on the second leg of their Europa League semi-final against Eintracht Frankfurt next week. Express Sport looks at the XI Arteta is expected to pick at the London Stadium. Aaron Ramsdale has not been at his best of late. The England goalkeeper's hesitancy played a part in Cristiano Ronaldo's goal in last week's 3-1 win over Manchester United. Arteta is likely to stick by Ramsdale despite not keeping a clean sheet in his last six appearances. Bernd Leno may have played his final game for the club, with a summer departure likely. READ MORE: Barcelona ‘interested in two Man Utd players’ as Frenkie de Jong talks could begin in days  Takehiro Tomiyasu has not started a Premier League match since the 2-1 loss to Manchester City on New Year's Day. Injuries to both calves has led to a lengthy absence for the Japan international. However, Tomiyasu made a return off the bench against United and will have another week of training under his belt. Ben White and Gabriel will be the centre-back pairing if both are fit and available. Nuno Tavares is likely to keep his spot at left-back despite an erratic display last weekend. DON'T MISSGary Neville explains why Ralf Rangnick can't continue at Man Utd after taking Austria job [QUOTES]Manchester United ‘make first transfer bid’ for Benfica star Darwin Nunez [REPORT]What Man Utd players ‘accuse each other of’ as Ralf Rangnick behaviour details emerge [REPORT]  Mohamed Elneny has filled in admirably for Thomas Partey in the Ghanaian's absence. Partey is unlikely to feature again this season so Elneny is set to keep his spot. Granit Xhaka was named the Arsenal Player of the Month on Friday, which represents a huge turnaround in the supporters' views on the Swiss midfielder. He will line up alongside Elneny, with Martin Odegaard in the No 10 role.  Bukayo Saka limped off against United but Arteta says he should be fit for this one. Eddie Nketiah is in line to start a fourth Premier League game in a row. Emile Smith Rowe was ineffective last time out so could be replaced by Gabriel Martinelli. The Brazilian is in need of a goal having scored just once since December 18. Arsenal's expected XI vs West Ham in full: Ramsdale; Tomiyasu, White, Gabriel, Tavares; Elneny, Xhaka; Saka, Odegaard, Martinelli; Nketiah. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 