   BBC Radio One presenter, Adele Roberts, has confessed she felt “too ashamed” to show her face after chemotherapy, but that she “doesn’t want to be scared anymore”. The star revealed that the treatment had left her with “holes all over her face” as she shared some make-up free snaps to social media.      Adele, 43, took to Instagram yesterday to show pictures of her face with its scarring, accompanied by a candid post about previously feeling “embarrassed” about her acne-prone skin. The star announced her bowel cancer diagnosis back in October and has been keeping her 182,000 followers updated on her battle with the illness ever since. In the post, Adele explained how her girlfriend, Kate Holderness, had been helping cover up her damaged skin with makeup. But now, Adele has opted to share some fresh-faced snaps to help others going through the same thing. “I’ve always been embarrassed about my skin,” Adele began. READ MORE: 'The baldy biker!' Dave Myers appears for first time since chemo      “I’ve struggled with it for most of my life. I’ll never forget when it first started to break out and a lady asked me if I’d been in an accident. “I was mortified… I think I’ve carried that shame with me for too long. “Everything I’m going through at the moment has taught me it’s good to share. I’m not the only one. “I’m very lucky to be on this treatment but it’s ravaged my skin a lot,” she continued bravely.      “I’ve shared what it’s done to my hands and feet but I was too ashamed to show you my face. “I’ve been thinking a lot recently and I’ve realised that it’s good to share as much as I can. “What if someone else is suffering too and they think they’re alone? You’re not. “Kate’s helped me so much and has helped me cover my scars with makeup.” READ MORE...  Coleen Rooney claims Rebekah Vardy texts 'knocked her sick' [INSIGHT]  Richard Gere, 72, not concerned about being an older dad with wife, 39 [NEWS] Nick Knowles addresses DIY SOS axe after BBC row over Shreddies advert [NEWS]     Adele explained how the pair had found that foundation by Kat Von D was a game-changer, as it has been “formulated to cover up face tattoos.” “This is the first step to my liberation I guess. I hope you don’t mind me sharing but I hope it helps at least one person,” Adele wrote. “The first round of my chemotherapy was a bit strong and ended up with me looking like I’d been burned. I had holes all over my face. “One day I’ll show you but I think what I’m sharing today is a big enough step for me.” Adele also said she “doesn’t want to be ashamed anymore” and that she’s “lucky to be on this treatment”.      “My skin is also healing and looking SO MUCH BETTER than the start,” Adele penned. “Plus I’m nearly there now! Monday can’t come soon enough xx. “I don’t want to be scared anymore,” she added, before including the hashtags: #capecitabine, #chemotherapy, #acneproneskin, #acnepositivity and #acnescars. Sharing an insight into her time on ITV’s I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! Adele reflected: “When I was in the jungle I used to get up really early to hide in the medicine hut so I could cover up my acne scars. “This was totally in the rules by the way, I had permission to take makeup for my acne but I was too ashamed to let my campmates see me with no makeup on. “It even made showering and some of the tasks harder. I used to freak out if my face got wet. I feel stupid now but I just want you to know how silly I’ve been.”  