The jet, a Eurofighter Typhoon FGR4, sent the code at 22,966ft in the air near the Northumberland coastline, with flight tracking data showing it had come from Scotland and, after transmitting the 7700 signal, made its way towards RAF Coningsby, a Royal Air Force station located 13.7km south-west of Horncastle. Squawking is a way in which an aircraft declares an emergency with traffic control, so on-the-ground assistance is provided. It is not yet known what the issue was. Boeing 757/767 pilot Captain Ken Hoke explained: "If a crew resets their transponder to the emergency code of 7700 (squawking 7700), all air traffic control facilities in the area are immediately alerted that the aircraft has an emergency situation. "It's up to the crew to let ATC know what the exact situation is. The Typhoon FGR4 is a fourth-generation multi-role combat aircraft described by the Royal Air Force as "a highly capable and extremely agile" plane. It is deployed for a range of operations including "air policing, peace support and high-intensity conflict". The jet's profile on the RAF website reads: "The pilot performs many essential functions through the aircraft's hands-on throttle and stick (HOTAS) interface which, combined with an advanced cockpit and the Helmet Equipment Assembly (HEA), renders Typhoon superbly equipped for all aspects of air operations." Providing further insight into how a squawk emergency is handled onboard, Capt Hokehe told Flightradar24: "In some cases, a crew may not elect to change their transponder to 7700 (it's not required). "If I'm talking to Chicago Approach and have a problem, I'll tell them the problem, declare an emergency over the radio and get vectors to land immediately. "In most 'emergencies' we aren't in a big hurry. "Unless it's smoke, fire, or low on fuel, we can usually take our time to evaluate the problem. "If we are in a cruise flight and get a warning message of some sort, we may spend several minutes working the problem with a checklist." DON'T MISSFlight from Amsterdam to Faro squawks '7700' in mid-air incident [REPORT]RAF 'surges' fleet of aircraft to Eastern Europe for 'first-ever' time [INSIGHT]Cabin crew beg passengers not to order Diet Coke on planes [EXPLAINER] What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The RAF added about the aircraft: "With its multi-role capability and variety of weapons, the Typhoon FGR4 is capable of engaging numerous target types. "In the air-to-air role, it employs the infrared-guided Advanced Short Range Air-to-Air Missile (ASRAAM) and ramjet-powered, radar-guided, beyond visual range Meteor, as well as the Advanced Medium-Range Air-to-Air Missile (AMRAAM). "These weapons, used in conjunction with the jet's Captor radar and PIRATE electro-optical targeting system, combine with the Typhoon's superior performance and manoeuvrability to make it a formidable platform."