Julia Fox has defended Amber Heard amid the ongoing trial between the actress and Johnny Depp, 58, who is currently suing his ex-wife, 36, for £50m over a 2018 opinion piece in the Washington Post. Heard is countersuing for £100m. Now, Kanye West's ex has offered her opinion on their relationship. In a comment posted on Instagram, the 32-year-old actress wrote: “Wrong. She never had the power in the relationship to be abusive to him. “Did she hit him? Yes. Was it abuse? No. You need to have power to be able to abuse it. “She was 25. He clearly was always way more powerful including physically and financially.” Fox has since been trending on social media, though arguably not as much as her "Uncut Gems" pronunciation earlier this year. READ MORE: Johnny Depp’s lawyer addresses why he refuses to look at Amber Heard In agreement, one Twitter user wrote: "No but the way Julia Fox has a better understanding of power dynamics than majority of troglodytes online….. and she’s one of the few people with a large following actually saying something…" Washington Post journalist Taylor Lorenz commented: "Abuse is about power and she didn’t have the power. “I don’t think a lot of ppl don’t understand what abusive relationships actually look like. “Julia Fox put it well tbh."(sic) However, the internet is not a monolith - and for every Fox, there are those who believe that Heard has abused Depp. "Oh Julia Fox," a Twitter user wrote. "He loved her. That was HER power. She isolated him. That was HER power." The poster added: "Power doesn’t come from just age, money and physical stature. “Ps. They were about the same size. Power comes from a multitude of things. Love. Being a great force. You. Are wrong." DONT MISS:Eurovision announcer AJ Odudu shares insight into unlucky love life(PHOTOS)James Martin urged to 'take care' after sharing motorbike video (NEWS)Strictly's Shirley Ballas, 61, shares rare clip of boyfriend Danny (LATEST) Needless to say that ultimately, neither Fox nor the scores of online commentators will decide the outcome of the trial or dictate the definition of domestic abuse. Heard claimed in her testimony Depp had sexually assaulted her while under the influence of alcohol, while Depp maintains his innocence. The jury is expected to arrive at a verdict sometime after 27th May. Meanwhile singer Aubrey O’Day called Fox’s opinion a “trash take” on Twitter, adding, “Plenty of broke, short, skinny, non-famous people have abused their partner. “Abuse is simply cruel and violent treatment of a person.. power not being a necessary factor. “Less powerful ppl abuse their more powerful partner out of jealousy all the time,” (sic) she added. While some fans have shown support for Fox and Heard by tweeting, “fighting back against your abuser isn’t abuse,” some Depp fans have retorted with, “Julia Fox’s 5 minutes of fame are over so she had to make her name by making a dumb comment about Johnny Depp. Please internet, stop making buffoons famous.” (sic) This isn’t the first time Fox has weighed in on the bitter fight between Depp and Heard. On May 6, her Instagram comment in support of Heard and lambasting Depp was shared by gossip account TrashCulturale, where she said, “So in love with [Heard] and this is clearly a sick way of still controlling her life by suing her all over the world.”