US Ambassador to NATO Julianne Smith told Beth Rigby on Sky News that NATO’s strengths lie in its ability to “reach a consensus” among member states over disagreements. She said that while Turkey have voiced concerns about Sweden and Finland’s relationship with Kurdish military organisations, recognised as terrorists by the US and the European Union, she believes the two nations will still be able to join the alliance in the “not too distant future”.    Ms Smith said: “[Turkey] have specific security concerns that they have raised with all of the allies here at NATO headquarters, and we’re all taking those concerns very seriously. “I think the reason you see the confidence stemming out of the White House, and in fact many other capitals across Europe and here at NATO headquarters, is simply because the strength of our alliance really rests on our ability to continually bring forward disagreements, debates and alternative points of view. “And we can work through those disagreements to reach a consensus among the Allies. “I think we will, eventually, see Finland and Sweden joining the alliance in the not too distant future.”    Finnish President Sauli Niinisto said today that he was open to discussing Turkey’s concerns over its membership bid. Mr Niinisto pledged to commit to Turkey’s security should NATO accept their attempts to join the alliance. Speaking at the White House, where US President Joe Biden is hosting the leaders of Finland and Sweden, Mr Niinisto said he was already in discussion with Turkey. He said: "Finland has always had proud and good bilateral relations with Turkey. READ MORE: Turkey BLOCKS Sweden and Finland's effort to join NATO [REPORT]  “As NATO allies, we will commit to Turkey's security, just as Turkey will commit to our security. "We take terrorism seriously. We condemn terrorism in all its forms and we are actively engaged in combating it. We are open to discussing all the concerns Turkey may have concerning our membership in an open and constructive manner.” Turkey have raised concerns about Finland and Sweden’s relationship with the Kurdistan Workers’ Party (PKK), who they claim use the Nordic countries to hold meetings. DON'T MISS: Germany slaps down Turkey's NATO objections [REVEAL]Finland warned over NATO membership: 'Destruction of country' [REPORT]Putin backs down over Nato expansion as Ukrainian troops reach border [REPORT]   The terrorist organisation claimed to behind a number of devastating bomb attacks in Turkey in 2016. Washington has so far played down the Turkish objections, saying it expects the issues to be resolved. But in an interview with students late last night, Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said he was “determined” to block the new NATO applications. He said: "We will continue our policy in a determined way. We have told allies that we will say no to Finland and Sweden's NATO membership. "NATO is a security alliance and we cannot accept terrorists to be in it."   