Mr Ferrari discussed how 73% of people in the UK were still working from home, over two years after the Coronavirus pandemic hit. The radio host then went on to discuss the DWP offering courses to those working at home who were stressed. Mr Ferrari mocked those working from home, claiming there was nothing stressful about it. The radio host also acknowledged that he doesn't think everyone will go back to working 5-days a week at the office.  Mr Ferrari told LBC: "The DWP where still 73% of employees are working from home. "And now they're being given a range of classes that they can access online to cope with their daily stress. "They get up, they have a cup of tea they walk to the dining room, they log on, they ignore a load of complaints and issues for Ukrainians who are starving. "And then they go and have a bit of lunch, I mean what's stressful about that? JUST IN: Met Office weather warning: Blood rain set to strike as thunderstorm alert raised      Mr Ferrari added: "And they get their salary with London waiting at the moment. "I mean how is that stressful, I want to say, by the way, I've said all along we won't go back to 5-days a week. "I understand that, but much as the bank of England is choosing to work 1-day a week from home, with this financial crisis, would it be so hard." Some Britons have claimed working from home is better for them, as they used to spend a lot of their income on travelling to work. And the cost of living crisis has been affecting many around the country, some people say going back into the office full-time would be too much to afford at this time.  READ MORE:Russian soldier accused of war crimes pleads guilty to killing civilian in landmark trial      Politician Jacob Rees-Mogg came under fire last month for encouraging his Civil Servants to come into the office. Mr Rees-Mogg left notes on the desks of the Civil Servants who were not in the office. In a statement, its General Secretary Dave Penman told Express.co.uk that the notes Mr Mogg-Rees left were “demeaning” and were part of a  “testament to just how disconnected Jacob Rees-Mogg is from the business of Government”. Mr Penman added: “With every pronouncement and display like this, he demonstrates that he has no clue how the modern workplace operates and cares little about the effective delivery of vital public services.   “Instead, he’s intent on virtue signalling to his political base, and is either oblivious to or simply doesn’t care about the damage he’s doing to the morale of civil servants and the reputation of the civil service as an employer.” In response to the backlash, Mr Rees-Mogg stirred up a solicitor from a London based law firm and explained why Mr Rees-Mogg was in his legal right to enforce Civil Servants to come back to the office.