The weather is getting brighter and the annual Eurovision Song Contest is set to take place this Saturday May 14, 2022. It’s the perfect opportunity to plan a party with friends or family – find out everything you need here. This Saturday, countries across Europe and the UK will be tuning in to watch the Eurovision Song Contest. The annual competition showcases the best musical talent from each country and this year, Sam Ryder, will be representing the UK with his song ‘Space Man’. With the summer in swing, there’s no better time than to celebrate the event by hosting a Eurovision watch party. Whether you’re rooting for your home country or another one, get friends together, dress up and add these essentials to your home for the perfect party. Currys has a selection of brilliant musical items that are perfect for any host party – shop all here. Sing along to the songs and add the Daewoo Karaoke Wireless Microphone Set to your home. Priced at £34.99, do a duet with this set which contains two microphones that are wireless, rechargeable and illuminate with LED lights for a true party. For solo song, sing with the RockJam Bluetooth Karaoke System, which is £86.99 and includes a microphone stand which can also be connected to another microphone and guitar. Pianists will love the Yamaha Piaggero Keyboard bundle and they can play on the piano and even record their own songs. Make the music really fill the whole room with some speakers and for a fun touch, add the Intempo Party Ice Bucket with Bluetooth Speaker. Doubling up as an ice bucket that keeps drinks cold and refreshed, it’s £27.99 and has six hours of battery in one charge so it’ll last the whole evening. To really create a big sound system, pick the JVC Portable Bluetooth Speaker which has 10 hours of power from a full charge. It’s also great for summer garden parties or beach parties and is £69.99 on Currys. Ideal for a large party, make sure everyone can see the contest by projecting it onto a blank wall or screen. The Acer Mini Projector is a good option if you want to bring it round to someone’s house as its compact, while the Nebula Mars II Pro Smart HD Ready Portable Projector can also be used in any space. Plus, there’s no better way to create a lively atmosphere than by illuminating any space with lights. Create a spotlight with the Luted Dropsi Smart Outdoor Wall Spot Light, which is £39.99.