Abbey Robb, an integrative therapist told Express.co.uk she has had a number of new clients recently who are struggling with the stress caused by the rising cost of living. However, Ms Robb said a lot of these clients are then ringing up to cancel their appointments as the cost of the appointments is just adding further to their stress. She said: “I get a lot of phone calls from people who I can tell really need help and resources, but who then realise ‘oh, okay, no, that's that's just not affordable.’” Although it is possible to get therapy for free on the NHS, there are long waiting times, with patients having to wait months for appointments.  The heads of the NHS Confederation and the Royal College of Psychiatrists told the Guardian there are around 1.6 million people in the UK waiting for specialised treatment and another eight million who would benefit from treatment but whose conditions are not deemed serious enough for them to get on the waiting list. Rose told Express.co.uk that paying for therapy is a “luxury” she cannot afford. She said: “It's not really something I can afford. It's like a luxury and personally, it's not really a luxury that I want to spend my money on. It's so expensive, especially if you want to see someone in person now.” Rose said she is on a waiting list for NHS group therapy but has been told she may not get an appointment until August.  A study of 1,000 18-25 years olds conducted by Quizlet in April 2022 found over one third (35 percent) of respondents claimed the reason they had not pursued professional mental health support was the cost of receiving this help. The study also found that having free access to mental health screenings and therapy was identified by respondents as the most helpful tool for managing mental health in a post-pandemic world. Ms Robb continued to say the rising cost of living is also affecting her regular clients. She said: “My longer-term clients are now starting to space out their appointments a bit more. She added: “I'm also getting a lot of phone calls from people asking if I offer discounts.” Ms Robb said it does not feel good that she is unable to help those who need it. She said: “I do offer discounts and I do see people for free. I just can’t afford to do that for everyone.”    Ms Robb added the decline in clients has had an impact on her income. She said: “I'm still lucky enough that I can make ends meet but if it continues, going this way, who knows?” The therapist added that she noticed a similar influx of new people seeking help during the pandemic. She said: “At the start of the pandemic, everybody panicked. And this is the start of this new cycle of tension coming in.  READ MORE:Energy crisis: UK strikes major deal with Chad for green energy “I think that people are suddenly feeling more of a strain and are struggling to cope. “Over time, they will adjust and everything will settle down a bit. “But right now, I think that there are a lot of people who are really, really feeling it.” Ms Robb shared a message to those whose mental health has been affected by the rising cost of living. She said: “It is not uncommon to feel under stress when a situation changes. It's okay to have a period of time where you think oh my god, I don't know that I can cope with this. And to understand that, it very likely will pass. “People are more resilient than they give themselves credit for.” 