Cleaning a property’s boiler is an important step for homeowners as it ensures a home’s heating system is working correctly. Regularly checking and maintaining a boiler can actually lower heating costs and extend the lifespan of the system. Now, Karl Tulloch, director at Rightio has shared his advice on the importance of cleaning boilers and how to do it yourself. The boiler expert said cleaning a boiler is “crucial” and those that don’t do it could risk their boilers breaking down. He told Express.co.uk: “If your appliance is dirty, it cannot maintain the heating system properly, making your home colder. “Plus, it causes a build-up of soot that can impose the risk of a boiler breakdown.” Getting an expert in can be pricey but homeowners can do it themselves. READ MORE: How to get rid of moths using white vinegar Mr Tulloch continued: “Cleaning a boiler is a task that homeowners can do themselves. “It’s essential to turn off the electricity and fuel first to avoid a fire or electrocution. “Wait for a minimum of three hours for the boiler to cool down before the cleaning starts. “Remove the combustion chamber door and start the cleaning with a wire brush.  DON'T MISSWallis Simpson's interiors in old home in Windsor are 'a nightmare' [INSIGHT]‘Should do the trick’: ‘Best’ way to unblock a sink without chemicals [UPDATE]Tomatoes: How to avoid ‘total plant death’ from ‘late spring frosts’ [ANALYSIS] “This tool is great for removing built-up soot, and anything that remains can be cleaned with a vacuum. “Oil-powered boilers will need the air filter changing.” For those that find it too difficult, professionals are available. A professional will know how to clean all parts of the boiler. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Hiring a licensed professional will also mean the boiler is in safe hands. Cleaning a boiler will take roughly an hour and a half to two hours. However, depending on the condition and the size of the home, it may take longer. Additional boiler maintenance includes checking air vents and flues for blockages.  Maintaining the boiler’s water level, checking for leaks and cleaning limescale build-up are also important. The area around the boiler should also be kept clear. Remove any dust as this can prevent it from running smoothly.