Sam (played by James Hooton) and Lydia (Karen Blick) have been going about their everyday business, with no one suspecting there could be trouble at home for the Emmerdale duo. With Sam continuing his duties as gamekeeper of Home Farm, his other half has been supporting Kim Tate (Claire King) with her wedding preparation and her problems with Gabby Thomas (Rosie Bentham). However, it was Will Taylor (Dean Andrews) who discovered the couple's secret in Tuesday night's episode of the ITV soap and it seems there could be some serious consequences for the pair. The latest instalment began with Will and Gabby looking at the CCTV of the Home Farm grounds as the latter is convinced Jamie Tate (Alexander Lincoln) has returned from beyond the grave. Suspecting someone was following her and lurking in the woods, Gabby thought the footage would be proof her theories were right. Unfortunately for her, Will informed her it was Sam who was wandering around the grounds and it seems he has been stealing the game from the woods. In his role as gamekeeper, he is supposed to hand over anything he finds to his boss Kim or face the consequences of his deception. Knowing the beloved character's secret, Will headed over to Wishing Well Cottage to confront the father of one about what he has been doing. READ MORE: ‘He was two dimensional’ Emmerdale’s Jeff Hordley criticises Cain However, he was greeted by Lydia, who was doing her best to keep Will away from her husband, who was hiding upstairs. "There is something about your face that tells me this is not a social visit," Lydia remarked as she picked up on Will's serious tone. "I'm looking for Sam. Is he around?" Kim's partner asked, with Sam's wife replying: "Sam, no he's just nipped into the village on an errand. Can't bake scones without sultanas can you?" Trying to catch her out on her lie, Will asked Lydia: "Walked in, has he? Only his van is in the yard." "He's picked up one of those fitness trackers on the cheap. Any excuse to get more steps in," she timidly told her boss's other half. Dropping in the bombshell that he knew their secret, Will added: "That's why he's been walking around Home Farm at all hours is it?" Trying to act naïve about the situation, Lydia replied: "I'm not quite sure I understand," with Will explaining she had seen him and Gabby looking at the CCTV earlier and had offered to help. Will declined her help first of all but he told her: " If you had of [looked at the CCTV], you'd have seen Sam with a brace of pheasants. "So tell him to come and find me and soon, before I mentioned it to Kim," he warned Sam's wife, who was very concerned. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale star Liam Fox shows off fairytale home with co-star wife [PICTURES]Sally Dexter: Star on family's history of heart problems [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock 'shocked' over 'sheer weight' of stroke plot [COMMENT] "I'm sure it's just a misunderstanding but I will pass on the message," she told Will before she ushered Will out of the house. With Kim's partner gone, Sam came rushing down the stairs as he knew his and his wife's secret about stealing pheasants had been exposed. With money tight at the moment, it is likely he has been stealing the game to take home for dinner, in the hope no one would find out. "You don't think he meant it by telling Kim, do you?" Sam asked his wife. "Oh Sam, what have I told you about being more careful. You could have got us both in bother," Lydia told him, supposedly being the mastermind behind the operation. In the coming weeks, it is likely Kim will find out what Sam has been up to and she would demand money from the couple for stealing from her. With their finances tight enough and with the pair likely to lose their jobs at Home Farm, they would have to tell her they couldn't afford to repay her. Seeing no other option, the ruthless businesswoman could tell them to leave the village or hand over the deeds to Wishing Well cottage. This is the Dingle family home and several people have tried to take ownership of it before and failed. However, unwilling to risk losing their home, the pair could pack up and decide they are going to travel the country living in their van. This could prove risky as they would run out of fuel and food but would this be a better option than facing Kim's wrath? But will they still be around to feature in the show's 50th-anniversary celebrations? Speaking with Express.co.uk and other media recently, producer Laura Shaw teased some of the drama included in the special episodes. Laura explained: "We're still planning for a huge 50th golden birthday in the autumn. We're all absolutely giddy about it. "It's just our big chance to show everything we do best and make sure every single one of our wonderful characters in the show gets a little bit of limelight. "So there's definitely going to be something for everyone there," she added but will a double exit upset the occasion? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.