Steph McGovern has hosted Steph's Packed Lunch on Channel 4 since 2020 when the show was initially just called The Steph Show. Now a staple to daytime television, the star has revealed that it wasn't always easy with "daytime telly" being a tough slot to fill consistently. The now BAFTA-nominated presenter doesn't show any sign of stopping as the show continues to go from strength to strength.  The 39-year-old journalist and presenter has been making TV viewers laugh as they eat their lunch for the last few years, which makes her successful battle to rub shoulders with some of the country's biggest shows even more rewarding. Her show airs at 12.30pm during the week, and the talk show host often has her guests and viewers in stitches. Admitting that it wasn't always easy and how her show had struggled with viewer numbers in the past the star said: "I don't really look at the viewing figures, that's the editor's job. "But daytime telly is tough. Channel 4 hadn't done a live weekday show since Mel and Sue's Light Lunch, which I watched as a teenager." Read More: Ozark showrunner addresses hopes for spin-off as fans slam ‘disappointing’ ending   Speaking to Radio Times Steph continued: "It was a big risk, but I'm grateful Channel 4 gave us time to work on it. "Now we're up there with amazing shows." The mixture of cooking, celebrity guests and specialists has proved to be a popular mix for fans. Now nominated for a BAFTA, she added: "We're up for best daytime programme. I did not see that coming."  She joked that she is even struggling with "thinking where to hang" the certificate nominees get, let alone worrying about winning or not. The show's gruelling schedule means that she is busy every weekday, but if time permitted, she wouldn't rule out going back to her BBC broadcast roots and competing on Strictly Come Dancing. "I've not ruled it out – never say never!" the star said. However, fans may have to wait some time as her five-day-week filming schedule, and her "toddler" keep her far too busy at the moment. DON’T MISS…'Not at tea time' Countryfile viewers slam Adam Henson over horrifying lamb segment [LATEST]'British people will never forgive him on Brexit' Jeremy Kyle slams Starmer's chance as PM [LATEST]NCIS season 19: Fans praise actor’s daughter after her debut ‘What a sweet moment!’ [LATEST]  However, some Channel 4 fans think she could be appearing on the show as her regular guest and Strictly Come Dancing finalist John Whaite has hinted at this too. Speaking to Express.co.uk, John shared how much he would love to see the funny journalist on the show. He said: "I think Steph McGovern would be a hit with fans. She can move! I have seen her jive," She admitted to being asked around the same time her show launched in 2020 and declared: "I have actually been asked a couple of times.  