The UK is grappling with a cost of living crisis with inflation hitting nine percent, the fastest rise for more than 40 years. Those on the limit are looking for ways to save pounds, but SaveMoneyCutCarbon say one way to do it is through making eco-friendly switches and even banning some products. Sustainable living expert Kirsty Brandon from the company, said the products that should be banned include cling film and plastic sponges. She said: “We have got really cost-effective plastic-free alternatives that work a lot better than their plastic counterpart and save you money over time. "The most unsustainable are things like cling film, fizzy drinks in plastic bottles, fruit and veg wrapped in plastic, traditional lighting, plastic toothbrushes. All those really easy tings that you have got to swap out for things that are readily available. “I’m really eco but those things are easy because they are achievable for everyone.”  SaveMoneyCutCarbon's research revealed that 41 percent of people have cut their overall food costs to afford their energy bills But Ms Brandon said making switches could cut costs for those struggling. “There is a notion from a lot of people that sustainable means more expensive but actually there are so many products that when you look at it over time you can save,” she added. “Things like swapping your laundry detergent for a laundry you cut your washing load to 10p per wash and they are also chemical-free and save around 40 plastic bottles a year. “Reusable bamboo kitchen roll can save you around £60 a year because you are not constantly buying. “When we talk about sustainability people won’t think about lighting or water products but there are sustainable versions for that as well. Swapping your traditional lighting for LED is gonna save you 90 percent less energy than you would a traditional bulb. “Swapping your regular hand wash, if you swap that to an eco version you could use 50 percent less water which you save you £40 a year on your energy bill but your shower experience will be the same.”  SaveMoneyCutCarbon helps homes and businesses reduce their energy, water and carbon output and save money. Ms Bradon said the most unsustainable products are fizzy drinks in plastic bottles, fruit and veg in plastic packaging, traditional lighting, cling film and plastic toothbrushes but said there are eco-friendly alternatives for all. She continued: “There is this real wrath of products that are reasonably priced and you will see those savings being delivered over time. “Being more sustainable isn’t as much of a faff as people think. It is a no-brainer to then make the switch. It is just not knowing. “  READ MORE: 'Don’t let shoplifters off if they steal food in desperation' The Bank of England’s governor Andrew Bailey has said that the UK is in a “bad situation” with inflation, and has warned that a “very big income shock” could be about to hit British households. He added that due to the ongoing Russian invasion of Ukraine, there could also be an “apocalyptic” rise in global food prices. Boris Johnson said the Government would support the public through the crisis the same way it did through the pandemic. He said: "Of course we're going to get through this and the markets will eventually adjust and new supply will come on and prices will come down again. "And in the months ahead, we are going to have to do what we did before, we're going to use our fiscal firepower that we built up to help."We are going to put our arms around the British people again as we did during Covid." 