The Queen, 96, was born in 1926 and grew up alongside her younger sister Princess Margaret, who sadly died in 2002, aged 71. When the Princesses became children of the King, they moved into Buckingham Palace in 1936. But where did they live before this? At the time of Elizabeth’s birth King George V, Elizabeth and Margaret’s grandfather was on the throne. As a child during this period, the Queen (then Princess Elizabeth) lived at 145 Piccadilly with Princess Margaret and their parents, the Duke and Duchess of York. At the time of Elizabeth’s childhood, it boasted a ballroom, a library and twenty-five bedrooms. It also held two nurseries for the young Princesses. Photos that were taken inside the royal home both during and after they lived there have shared a peek inside the night and day nursery, both of which were decorated with red carpets.  READ MORE: Princess Eugenie 'maintains steady weight' but is 'adventurous eater' Located on the top floor, the night nursery featured a fireplace with a mirror resting on top and a large window on the back wall. Furniture-wise, a wooden cot was positioned to one side with a large armchair next to it. There was also a dressing table with a mirror sitting in front of the window and a chest of drawers that offered space for the future Queen's clothes. The day nursery also featured a grand fireplace and patterned armchairs, as well as a wooden table and chairs and a tall dresser with glass cupboards displaying ornaments and toys. Royal author Jane Dismore published ‘Princess: The Early Life of Queen Elizabeth II’ in 2017.   In the book, the author said: “It was filled with toys and curios from all over the British Empire. “There were tiny, exquisitely dressed dolls; china cottages and palaces; model soldiers and ships; animals, birds and fishes in finely-blown glass. “Many of them gifts from Queen Mary.” Jane claimed the hallway reportedly featured pale green columns and soft brown carpet that led to the morning room. She said it "did not embrace the fashionable designs of the 1920s".   Instead, it "featured chintz-covered armchairs and a Persian carpet, while windows looked onto the garden". "The ground floor was also home to her father’s study and a dining room that could accommodate thirty guests, while the first floor housed her mother’s bedroom and boudoir." The hosts of Royally Obsessed, Rachel Bowie and Roberta Fiorito, released their book last year called, Royal Trivia: Your Guide to the Modern British Royal Family. Ms Fiorito said on the podcast: "One of the things I love learning about was the Queen and her formative years. She lived in a palace with a number and no name." Ms Bowie added: "It was called 145 Piccadilly, and it's the place where they grew up, and it was very much low security, which is just so crazy to imagine now.   "There was even a doorbell right next to the door that said there was a button for visitors and there was a button for the home and so it just feels really interesting to kind of peek back into her history and learn a little bit more about the Queen Her Majesty." After her father King George VI took the throne in 1936, the family took up residence at Buckingham Palace. Their former home, 145 Piccadilly, was put on the market for rental. Luckily, the royals were not at the property in December 1940 when the home was badly damaged by World War Two bombs. The current Queen’s childhood home is now the site for InterContinental London Park Lane. 