The NHS extended coronavirus jab invitation to children between the ages of five and 11. Getting your arm jabbed can be a stressful experience at any age so Pharmacy2U provided tips to ease the pressure for your little ones. Phil Day, Superintendent Pharmacist at Pharmacy2U, offered some advice to ease the vaccination process for youngsters. His tips include: Knowing what to expect can help. If your child has any questions about the upcoming day, answering them could bring some relief. Mr Day said: “Explain to your child what the vaccine is and why getting it is so important. READ MORE: Shingles: Eating less acidic foods could help reduce symptoms – what to eat instead  “Understanding their feelings and addressing their questions will help you and your child have a better, calmer experience on the day.” Although talking about the jab itself can help take some stress out of it, doing a rehearsal could take it even a step further. The pharmacist explained: “You might feel a bit silly to do but have a pretend run through of the vaccination, perhaps even with a toy syringe on a soft toy. “It can help your child understand the process and what to expect. “Talking about the plan for the day, such as where you will go for the jab and at what time, and what you will do afterwards, can help to take any anxiety out of the situation.” As tension can run especially high on the very day, bringing a little something that your child enjoys could help. Mr Day said: “Doing something fun such as reading books, playing with toys, or watching YouTube videos can take your child’s mind off the vaccination. “You may also plan to do something fun after the appointment like going to the park or the library which can be something to look forward to.” Once your child gets through the Covid immunisation, the expert shared it could be helpful to notice their “bravery”. “When it's all done and dusted, don’t forget to praise your child and compliment them on their bravery,” he added. Based on the advice from the Joint Committee on Vaccination and Immunisation (JCVI), all children should be offered two 10-microgram doses of Pfizer. These jabs will be administered at a lower dose which should be a third of the strength given to those over the age of 12. The NHS explains there should be an interval of 12 weeks between the first and the second jab. However, children who are at an increased risk of Covid could be given their second shot in eight weeks’ time instead. The NHS will invite you to book a slot for your little ones once it’s their turn. There’s no need to contact the health service yourself. As Pharmacy2U also offers vaccination services, you are able to book an appointment with them as well.