Chelsea could save millions in Todd Boehly's first transfer window as owner if Thomas Tuchel decides to put some faith in three members of his squad next season. The Blues have long boasted a wealth of talent among their first team, youth ranks and loanees, and it's no different post-Roman Abramovich. Tuchel's summer budget isn't yet clear, but he is expected to receive backing from Chelsea's new ownership as he looks to bounce back from a whirlwind and ultimately disappointing season on and off the pitch. However, the club could explore utilising three stars returning from loan spells to soften the expenditure. According to The Athletic, a deal worth north of £50million for Sevilla centre-back Jules Kounde - expected after it collapsed last summer - would take up a significant chunk of Tuchel's budget. So the German coach is open to the idea of 'adding to his squad from within' at Stamford Bridge. Wing-back and centre-back are two particular areas of concern, considering the inevitable handful of departures to come. Depending on where Tuchel uses his budget, Dujon Sterling, Levi Colwill, and Emerson Palmieri could all become part of his first-team squad. JUST IN: Arsenal could finally replace Ramsey for free after transfer decision Kounde's arrival will help compensate for Andreas Christensen and Antonio Rudiger's exits for Barcelona and Real Madrid, respectively. Tuchel is also eyeing other options, with RB Leipzig starlet Josko Gvardiol on his radar, but he has a ready-made backup in the form of Colwill. The 19-year-old enjoyed a stellar season on loan at Huddersfield, and there is hope he can emulate Fikayo Tomori, Marc Guehi and Trevoh Chalobah's transitions to top-flight football. But it would be understandable if Tuchel would rather opt for Gvardiol, a similarly-young player with elite-level experience under his belt, next season. Colwill is a budget-friendly option, though, if Chelsea don't decide to cash in on the heavy interest in his services. Chelsea are also understood to want cover for Reece James, and club captain Cesar Azpilcueta's future is uncertain. The Spaniard's departure would clear the path for Sterling to receive a chance as James' backup, with Tuchel highly rating him after impressing in pre-season last year. READ MORE: Chelsea confirm Todd Boehly takeover complete as Thomas Tuchel thanked The 22-year-old made 24 appearances for Blackpool in the Championship in the last campaign before suffering a season-ending ankle injury in April. Tuchel has a similar issue to address on the opposite flank, with Marcos Alonso widely expected to depart west London for Barcelona this summer. Ben Chilwell will regain first-choice status upon his return from a long-term injury, and Tuchel wants to make Emerson his backup. Chelsea tried to agree a deal with Lyon to terminate his loan in January, but the Ligue 1 outfit refused to enter the table, and the Blues were left short at left-wing-back. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.