The first time round, from 1989 to 1995, it was on BBC One, when audiences of 12 million tuned in each week to watch Anneka complete charitable projects against the clock. Her shapely backside became a national treasure as the camera followed her tireless sprints round (mostly) Britain, all in the name of a vast number of good causes. Sound man Dave with his fluffy mic was her amiable companion. Now aged 63, she was on the Today programme enthusing about the remake. She said: “The last few years have shown us all the power of community and how it’s good to be part of something bigger than ourselves.” That was the thing about Anneka – and the programme. She was totally and uncomplicatedly decent and always enthusiastic. The glass was always half full. You and I might think that the past few years have shown us that we’re a nation full of bickering and spite. But she sees things differently. Did she ever get tired of running around, all bright eyes, gleaming teeth and glossy hair? Did Dave the soundman ever sulk? If they did you’d never know it. The whole show was so “can do” that it almost inspired you to zip in to a jumpsuit and race off to do something similar. But you do wonder whether that same atmosphere of sunny optimism will be evident in the new series. With one thing and another we seem to have turned into a nation of “can’t do”. Nobody could ever say “no” to Anneka. The show was a tribute to the geniality and generosity of the British workforce and organisations. Using a mobile phone which in those days resembled a military walkie-talkie, Anneka politely pestered companies to deliver 400 tonnes of gravel or build an orphanage in Romania or send a truck-mounted crane ASAP. She raced through a Devon high street to strong-arm a bakery into providing free buns for the launch of a barn which had been converted into a boathouse for disabled young sailors. And it was all thrown together in 53 hours. The buns were, you might say, the icing on the cake. Of course there must have been a lot of background work in setting up the projects, but there was a real sense that anything was possible. Sadly, I find it hard to imagine she won’t come up against a lot more red tape, obstruction and bloody-mindedness with this remake. And as for tracking down a phone number for all those companies who will agree to anything she asks the moment she gives them a call... Ha! If she’s lucky she might find an email and expect a reply in 48 hours. Getting to speak to a real person would be something of a challenge, Anneka. -------------------------------------------------- The Jubilee will bring out the woke anti-Britain nazis May the sun shine and the carpers give it a rest for Her Majesty’s Platinum Jubilee weekend. The hundreds of Union flags fluttering along London’s Regent Street look marvellous, but on the ever-bilious social media this was seen as further proof that Britain was turning into a Nazi state. It’s all so exhausting, this self-loathing. All over Britain you can see the bright blue and yellow Ukrainian flag proudly flying in support of that brave nation. Quite right too. Yet any hint that anyone is taking pleasure in our own history – a bit of bunting and a street party – and it’s evidence that we’re a nation of racist, fascist bigots. In a recent edition of Radio 4’s The Reunion, presented by Kirsty Wark, she had assembled some of those who were instrumental in organising the festivities for the Silver Jubilee in 1977. In the era of punk and the Sex Pistols’ irreverent version of God Save The Queen there was much concern that the public would not be interested. But come the day it was a rip-roaring success. These national events do bring us together briefly, sometimes despite ourselves. I’ve bought my three little grandchildren Platinum Jubilee egg cups (about the cheapest souvenirs on offer). One day I hope they’ll look at these objects commemorating a Queen who came to the throne almost 70 years before they were born. Maybe it will give them a sense of connection to the past, to history, of what came before them and what made them. -------------------------------------------------- Conversations With Friends' characters are insufferable - but I can't stop watching Against my better judgment I’ve been drawn into BBC Three’s adaptation of Sally Rooney’s Conversations With Friends. And no, BBC Three (the yoof channel) is not my natural habitat. Why do I watch it? It’s hard to say. The performances are all exceptionally good but the characters are insufferable. Two girl students meet up with an established woman writer and her actor husband. One of the girls – Frances – starts an affair with the actor. He is admittedly handsome (as she keeps telling him) but duller than a puddle. Perhaps I watch it because it shows me where I went wrong when I was 21. Instead of trying (too hard) to be amusing, vibrant and glamorous I should have drooped around like Frances in brown clothes, no make-up, eating toast and catching buses. Then good-looking actors would have beaten a path to my door. -------------------------------------------------- Wolf whistles shouldn't be a criminal offence  I’m not going to lie. In the long gone days when I was the occasional recipient of a wolf whistle it gave me a spring in my step. I didn’t feel abused or threatened though I’d occasionally raise a weary middle finger to the jokers who said: “Smile, it might never happen”. But if Nimco Ali, the Government’s adviser on tackling violence against women and girls, has her way then wolf-whistling will be a criminal offence subject to on-the-spot fines. Yes, I understand that men can menace women in all kinds of unpleasant ways, but there are laws to deal with that. But let’s not ban all forms of interaction between men and women. It merely reinforces the dangerous idea that the female sex is so fragile and vulnerable that it must be protected at every turn. -------------------------------------------------- The digital world is too compliocated for the elderly Pete Paphides, a music journalist, described his elderly dad’s dismay when, arriving for a friend’s memorial service, he was unable to use a parking app. He parked the car anyway, got a fine, and then sadly died, leaving his son to sort out the bureaucratic process that ensued. Pete’s message was that the digital world is a nightmare for older people. I used to try and remember to carry some change in the car for meters. Now even ordinary parking machines which don’t involve a dreaded app are full of things to tick and press, which you struggle with as a queue builds up. For some reason I can never remember my car’s registration number. Last summer I had to park in a huge field. I reached the parking machine, realised I had to put in the reg, which I couldn’t remember, went back to look and couldn’t find the car. Did I weep in frustration? It’s possible.