Connor Attridge, 28, allegedly walked through the vehicle gate of the Royal Mews on Sunday night when it was opened to allow an authorised car through. He managed to breach the palace boundary by three to five metres after refusing to stop when challenged by a member of the household staff, Westminster Magistrates' Court heard. The court was told that Attridge said: "I want to come in. I want to see the Queen." He was then ushered out of the gate and arrested, the court heard. Attridge's arrest comes amid heightened security just days before the nation celebrates the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. Prosecutor Leila Nahaboo-Osman said: "This is one of the most high-profile weeks in history, with it being the 70th anniversary." She said the area where the defendant allegedly trespassed is "one of the most heavily guarded places in London". Daniel Mullin, defending, said his client suffers from mental health issues, did not use "stealth" and had "no motive or desire to go further than he did", having allegedly breached the boundary by just metres. He said: "This was at worst reckless and at best bordering on an accidental offence." District Judge Nina Tempia adjourned the case to June 28 for the Crown Prosecution Service to obtain consent from Attorney General Suella Braverman, which is required in cases involving trespass on a protected site. She granted Attridge, from Eastbourne, East Sussex, bail with conditions, including a curfew monitored by electronic tag and exclusion from London, except to attend court. It comes as an extended bank holiday weekend for the Platinum Jubilee kicks off on Thursday with Trooping the Colour. The Queen is expected to join other members of the Royal Family on Buckingham Palace's balcony. More than 1,500 officers and soldiers and 350 horses from the Household Division will stage the display on Horse Guards Parade in central London, with the colour trooped by the 1st Battalion, Irish Guards. Some 400 musicians from 10 military bands and corps of drums will march amid pomp and pageantry. The Royal Family will travel from Buckingham Palace along The Mall to the parade ground in carriages, with Prince Charles, Prince William and Princess Anne on horseback. Plans are said to be in place either for the Queen briefly to inspect the troops on the parade ground or from the palace's balcony with the Duke of Kent, or to only appear on the balcony with the Royal Family for a special flypast afterwards. The four-day weekend of royal festivities will also include a service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral, the Party at the Palace and the Jubilee Pageant. 