Bianca Andreescu will fulfil an ambition at the Italian Open when she goes head to head with Emma Raducanu. The British teenager stunned the world last September when she became the first qualifier in history to win a Grand Slam, capturing the US Open at Flushing Meadows, but it was an achievement that Andreescu can resonate with Raducanu was 18 when she was crowned champion in New York. Just two years previously, it was Canadian player Andreescu who had captured the title - beating Serena Williams in straight sets to claim her only Slam to date. The current world No.121 has struggled to replicate that form since missed a number of tournaments earlier this year, including the Australian Open, Indian Wells, and Miami Open in 2022, but was excited to learn about being drawn against the British star for the event in Rome. And she said watching Raducanu during her remarkable success last year left her desperate to play against her: "I watched her win the US Open, and I was really happy for her because I won it basically around her age," she said, via tennisworldusa. JUST IN: Roger Federer 'would be sad' if he doesn't face Djokovic and Nadal slayer Carlos Alcaraz "Obviously she was playing a Canadian (Leylah Fernandez), so that was really nice too. She's a really great player, so I'm expecting a really good match. I remember saying, 'I want to play her,' and it looks like I got my wish." Andreescu, now 21, isn't the only one heading into the clash inspired by her opponent though. In fact, Raducanu revealed that she was also watching closely in 2019: "Yeah, I watched that tournament," she said. "I thought Bianca was playing incredibly well. I think her physicality is one of her strengths, how good she is moving, how low she stays. DON'T MISS:Emma Raducanu provides injury update ahead of Italian Open and labels herself a 'loner'Carlos Alcaraz fires warning to Novak Djokovic and Rafa Nadal after Madrid Open title winRafael Nadal posts classy message to Carlos Alcaraz after teenager wins Madrid Open title "I think that's really cool. And probably something I can learn from myself." Raducanu will be looking to build on a good showing in the Madrid Open, where she recorded wins over Tereza Martincova and Marta Kostyuk. She then lost a tough third-round encounter with Anhelina Kalinina.