Britain's Got Talent’s Alesha Dixon left viewers less than impressed last night after wearing a “bra” to the auditions. Outraged viewers took to Twitter to comment on her appearance as some instructed her to “put a top on”. For last night’s edition of the talent show, Alesha chose to wear a sparkly triangle top and black trousers with diamanté embellishments. She accessorised the look with long tassel earrings, as well as a chunky bangle. Greg_Phillips_ said: “Alesha off to the beach on the way home by the looks of it #BGT.” Yamusenghore added: “Is Alesha's Bra auditioning agan. Put a top on please #BGT” In a separate tweet, the same viewer said: “Watching #BGT and Alesha is in her bra again. “Why are the producers letting her be naked on TV. “Kids are watching. #Dressmodest” But it was not all criticism for Alesha, who managed to also leave fans stunned with her dazzling look. Betharthur26 typed: “Alesha Dixon always looks so beautiful on every single bgt ep every single episode she’s ever been on her style her hair make up girl you are gorg @AleshaOfficial @BGT.” (sic) BokutoFushiguro tweeted: “Alesha's beauty blows me away every time #BGT” Alesha has previously opened up about her struggles with mental health and having to fake a smile for the cameras. In an unearthed interview, the TV star admitted she had to “put a smile on [her] face” when she was working on the talent show, The Greatest Dancer. DON'T MISSRichard Gere, 72, not concerned about being an older dad with wife, 39 [INSIGHT]Maneskin's Damiano David supports girlfriend amid agonising condition [LATEST]Spain leaves little to imagination with bare bum cheeks at Eurovision [PICTURES] At the time, Alesha was pregnant with her daughter Anaya and said all she wanted to do was hide away and lock herself up. She recalled: “I was filming The Greatest Dancer in high heels right up until I was eight months pregnant. “I was working hard and looking after another child at the same time. “It was overwhelming and I would have moments when I felt really down and was really struggling but didn't really know why. “I think a lot of women can relate to locking themselves in the bathroom and having a little cry,” she told The Sun while she was expecting her second baby in 2017. The Mayo Clinic suggests that about seven percent of pregnant women experience depression during their pregnancy. Known as antenatal depression – the condition if prolonged beyond childbirth can lead to postnatal depression.