The remainder of Friday sees a band of rain showers “moving eastwards this evening, some heavy with a risk of thunder in central and northern areas”. However the Met Office has said an “active jet stream is bringing unsettled weather” next week bringing poor conditions. Met Office Deputy Chief Meteorologist Dan Rudman said: “The strengthening of the jet stream increases the chances of low-pressure systems developing over the Atlantic being pushed towards the UK. “Although there are still some details to be determined on the depth and timings of these lows, what we do know is that there’s some unsettled weather on the way next week, with some strong winds likely from the middle the week, especially in the north. “Weather of this nature isn’t unusual in a UK spring, with changes in the jet stream frequently bringing interludes of unsettled weather.” Richard Miles, of the Met Office, explained to The Sun a high pressure system from the continent is responsible for the heat and dramatic thunderstorms seen in some areas this week. He said there is a chance that this high pressure system will "encroach into the very far corner of the South East early next week and bring yet more thunderstorms to the region". Mr Miles said that the recent good weather "is going to fall off Monday, Tuesday. He added: "Most places early next week will be feeling cooler than they have been this week." READ MORE: UK heatwave: June SCORCHER as 28C Spanish plume to bake nation Mr Miles said the rest of the country will see "temperatures generally trending down to closer to average with showers coming from the West”. Temperatures of 16C in the South West and 14C in parts of the North East are set for the week ahead. The average temperature for the month of May in England is 16C, but temperatures soared to 27.5C on Tuesday in south-eastern areas, the hottest day of the year so far. DON'T MISS Brexit LIVE: Sturgeon teams up with O'Neill to DEMAND Boris cave to EU Ambulances rush to store as 'people collapsing' Boris shames Labour as 'semi-repentant Corbynite loons' Jo Farrow, Netweather.tv forecaster, wrote for the agency’s website for the weekend: "High pressure builds up from the south for the weekend and there will be a lot of fine, dry weather around. “However, the westerly flow over the top of the ridge will bring more cloud in from the Atlantic, often high or medium level cloud on Saturday so staying bright. “There will be a scattering of showers for Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland during the afternoon but fair for most and slightly warmer at 16 to 20C across the UK. “A frontal band will reach the Western Isles by Saturday teatime bringing rain as the wind freshens and backs to a southerly, here and through the Irish Sea. The GFS model differs to the UKV with more heavier showers on Saturday for Northern Ireland and southern Scotland with heavier bursts. “Sunday starts fine and bright in the east and south with more cloud for the north and west with showery rain. The frontal band moves down the country into Wales and the Midlands by lunchtime with more showers to the north. Similar temperatures on Sunday.” Ms Farrow also said: “Next week the flow looks to come from the west or even northwest as that same low lingers in the far north. so, a fresher flow which would help keep the thundery rain and lightning away from the SE.” In their forecast, the Met Office also said this weekend will see a “northwest/southeast split” in conditions. They said “rain expected for much of the weekend in the west of Scotland”, but “the southeast can expect calmer weather with only a small chance of a few brief interludes of showers”. The Met Office added: “In the south, temperatures are expected to remain rather warm for the time of year, likely peaking at around 24C in London on Sunday.” Meanwhile, the Met Office said there are signs the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee weekend will be warmer. It said in a statement: “Although it’s a long way off, there are signs that although the following week (W/C 30 May) may start unsettled, it may start to become more settled, for the south in particular. “We’re still some two weeks away from the Jubilee Weekend, but the long-range outlook shows a trend for some possible warm weather in southern areas, and closer to average temperatures further north.” next week, with a return to winds and rains after a balmy week.