Jesse Marsch could give Leeds United the edge in the race to snap up RB Salzburg ace Rasmus Kristensen. The Danish defender, who is also being courted by Borussia Dortmund, worked with Marsch in Austria before the American coach made the switch to the Premier League. After guiding Leeds to survival on the final day of the season, Marsch now has the summer to remould the playing squad at Elland Road ahead of his first full campaign at the helm. One of Marsch's summer priorities will be sourcing a deputy for Luke Ayling, who is expected to be sidelined for up to four months after undergoing knee surgery a fortnight ago. With Stuart Dallas - another option at right-back - also a long-term absentee, a new report from The Athletic has revealed that Leeds have identified Kristensen as a potential summer signing. The 24-year-old is expected to leave Salzburg this summer and has also been linked with Brentford. However, Leeds will be hoping that Kristensen's relationship with Marsch, who worked with the defender for two years in Austria, will make them favourites in the race to acquire the £10million-rated star. READ MORE: Tottenham could beat Man Utd to Valencia starlet thanks to Bryan Gil Kristensen - who is currently on international duty with the Danish national team - has attracted a host of big-name suitors from Europe after his impressive form in the Austrian Bundesliga, where he even managed to bag an impressive seven goals this term. And although Marsch left the Austrian outfit over 12 months ago, he has already spoken of how highly he rates Kristensen - with the ex-Salzburg boss declaring back in March 2021 that the right-back was one of the club's "best players" and had developed "enormously" during his tenure. Marsch has already secured his first signing of the summer after the Whites rubber-stamped a £25m deal for Brenden Aaronson late last week. DON'T MISS...Everton star Richarlison reveals transfer talk with Frank LampardLiverpool icon hits back at Richarlison after Everton star's wind-upRicharlison brutally trolls Liverpool after Champions League defeat The American winger is another player who has worked with Marsch before - and the exciting 21-year-old insisted that the Leeds boss helped to take his game "to the next level" during their brief time together at Salzburg. Aaronson, who bagged seven goals in 25 games before Marsch was lured away from Salzburg by RB Leipzig back in April 2021, said after signing for the Whites last week: “I think Jesse has taken my game to the next level by focussing on my football and getting me better in offensive positions and scoring more goals and assists. “That’s where I felt I made my jump at Salzburg.”