Princess Eugenie has so far released two episodes of her podcast called ‘Floodlight’ with her friend Julia de Boinville. In the podcast, the two women are discussing ways to end modern-day slavery and feature guests each week who are experts on the subject. How does her delivery compare to Meghan Markle’s podcast on Archewell Audio?  Meghan’s podcast on Spotify is more light-hearted in tone and is set to feature guests to “spotlight diverse perspectives and voices”. Christella Antoni, one of the UK’s leading voice specialist speech and language therapists, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to compare the two royal ladies. She said: “In her new podcast, Floodlight, we can hear that Princess Eugenie’s voice is at the lower end of the scale in terms of female pitch. “Lower pitched voices have a tendency to have more creak or mild roughness.  “This tends to make the voice sound more relaxed or laid back. “This could be a vocal stylistic approach that she has adopted or a quality that’s developed over time in her voice. “It can sometimes be a sign of nervousness, doubt or a result of the voice being tired. “Princess Eugenie's mum, Sarah, Duchess of York, also has a lower pitch female voice, so this is likely to have been an influencing factor.   “Eugenie’s voice does not specifically sound like it is purposefully trying to sound ‘royal’, but it is certainly an ‘upper class’ accent, with all its various influences including familial, social circles and private schooling reflected in the way she speaks. “Perhaps the mild creak dampens this a little, but it’s not likely to be something she’s consciously adding,” claimed the expert. How does Eugenie’s voice compare to other more traditional royal voices? Christella added: “Traditionally female royal voices e.g. Queen Elizabeth, Kate Middleton, and younger Princess Margaret are higher pitched and more twangy, so Princess Eugenie's voice is very different from this.  “She also uses more ‘filler’ phrases throughout such as ‘you know’ and ‘sort of’, these also have the effect of making her speech sounds less ‘royal’.” How does the podcast compare to Meghan’s? Christella continued: “When comparing Princess Eugenie’s voice with that of Meghan Markle on her podcast Archewell Audio, Meghan’s voice is more performative in terms of delivery. “It has a laid-back feel and warm tone, which one might expect from an actress.  “Meghan also has a lower pitch and a prevalent vocal creak. “It is worth noting that vocal creak can enhance the listener’s perception of a relaxed/laid back delivery. “There also tends to be a stronger tendency these days for younger women to add this - whether consciously or unconsciously. “One thing that is clear is that both performances are trying to convey an earnestness of purpose and relatability.” 