Stacey Solomon joined Kaye Adams, Judi Love and Nadia Sawalha on the panel as they spoke about the possibility of households receiving £400 to help with their energy bills. "I just think it's another example of how out of touch the government are," Stacey, 32, said as Kaye raised the topic. However, 59-year-old Kaye argued back: "A lot of this is Covid, then you have the situation in Ukraine. I hate to use the word unprecedented, but these are unprecedented times." Stacey was having none of it though and decided to open up about her own personal experience of relying on benefits. "When I had Zachary at 17, 18, I got a Sure Start Grant, it was called at the time, and I can't tell you how much that saved my life," she said. "My working tax credits saved our life, we could not have got by without those. READ MORE: Stacey Solomon shuts down stag do 'slip up' “The milk tokens that we used to get to help us buy SMA and milk and stuff from the shops that we couldn't afford." “All of that got abolished. Like some of my friends who are in similar circumstances now don't even have those opportunities, they're completely taken away from people and then they turn around and go, ‘Oh look, we're in a cost of living crisis, let's roll out £400'. It's too little too late," she continued. "I don't think they realise for most people who need that £400, that money was spent six months ago," she added, as Kaye admitted she will be giving her £400 back if she is granted it. Loose Women viewers were quick to praise Stacey for her comments, with Abbey89 writing on Twitter: "Go Stacey! #LooseWomen." Stacey has previously opened up about becoming a first-time mum at 17. In a sweet birthday tribute to her son, Zachary, last year she said alongside a video featuring moments from their life together. She typed: "It definitely wasn’t a coincidence. The truth is you changed my whole life. I could never have comprehended the light and love you would bring. "At 17 years old the things they said about us, what they didn’t know was that you were my beginning, my reason, my sole purpose to get up and do my absolute best. DONT MISS:James Martin issues apology after tears for 'father figure' on TV (PHOTOS)Demi Rose causes a stir in jaw-dropping photos (NEWS)Simon Thomas' wife's cancer symptoms described by docs as 'stress' (LATEST) “And you’ve been by my side ever since. It would never have turned out this way without you." Stacey also shares Rex, two, and baby Rose with fiancé Joe Swash, and Leighton, nine, from a previous relationship. The former X Factor star and ex-EastEnders actor Joe are due to say 'I Do' in July in a ceremony in the garden of their home, Pickle Cottage. It was previously reported that last-minute preparations are suddenly beginning to pile up and that the investment of fans in Stacey and Joe's big day has made the bride feel increasingly anxious. Speaking to Closer magazine earlier this year, a source revealed: "She’s started to panic about everything, from her guest list to her dress and the fans’ reaction to it – which is what prompted her BAFTA bridal look." In the hope of removing attention from her actual wedding dress - which she emotionally announced she had selected last month - Stacey allegedly made the decision of wearing a bridal style number to the BAFTAs so that eager fans wouldn't speculate on the style of her real gown. Their wedding has already been delayed after they decided to change venues, and after Stacey became pregnant with daughter, Rose. The couple pushed their wedding back to ensure all of their children would be involved in the special day.