The Russian leader's health has been an area of much scrutiny in recent weeks after he appeared shaking in video footage and photographs with a seemingly bloated face. It was also reported by an anti-Russian Telegram channel he had staged public appearances using deep-fake technology while he underwent surgery on his abdomen earlier this month. With reports of the Russian leader's ill health increasing, Kremlin officials are reportedly anxious about who will take the lead in the Ukraine war if he dies. Telegram channel General SVR reported that Putin's daughter Katerina Tikhonova may be the answer. The channel is run by someone who goes by the name of Viktor Mikhailovich who claims to be an exiled Kremlin lieutenant-general.  He wrote: "The candidacy of the daughter of Russian President Vladimir Putin Katerina Tikhonova for the post of head of the United Russia party is again being actively discussed. "And I must say that recently, without exception, all interested persons in Putin’s entourage support this idea." Dmitry Patrushev - the country's current agriculture minister - is expected to take over as President while Putin's 35-year-old daughter acts as a "puppet master" from parliament. Mr Mikhailovich believes Katerina is one of the few people who have access to the President. In the Telegram channel, he wrote: "In the understanding of a narrow circle of people who have access to the presidential ear, Katerina Tikhonova is the only person who can act as a guarantor of the stability of the existence of the Putin regime, without being a direct successor." READ MORE: Putin's next steps assessed: ‘Military preparing for long war' Ms Tikhonova, who is believed to be the daughter of the Russian tyrant and his ex-wife Lyudmila, was born while Putin was still a KGB in Germany. She currently holds the position of deputy director of the Institute for Mathematical Research of Complex Systems at Moscow State University. The president's daughter is married to Igor Zelensky who is a leading ballet dancer. The 52-year-old dancer was a top director who led the Bavarian State Ballet but was forced to step down recently after he refused to condemn the war in Ukraine. Katerina has been one of many of Putin's close connections sanctioned since the start of the war. DON'T MISS: Putin outsmarted as TWO EU nations strike huge gas deal [INSIGHT]Long stalemate' Expert forecasts long way ahead in Ukraine [ANALYSIS]Putin develops ANOTHER terrifying weapon in horror warning {COM MENT] A US official said: "We believe that many of Putin's assets are hidden with family members, and that's why we're targeting them." Maria Vorontsova, 36, who is understood to be Putin's eldest daughter has reportedly also been sanctioned by the US. The Russian leader is believed to have more children with his current girlfriend Alina Kabaeva but little is known about his private life. In 2015, during a news conference, he dodged questions about his daughters' identities. He said: "My daughters live in Russia and studied only in Russia, I am proud of them. They speak three foreign languages fluently. I never discuss my family with anyone."