A new study has revealed that the flying insect population has declined by as much as 60 percent in the last 20 years. Conservation charities Buglife and the Kent Wildlife Trust conducted a survey of insect numbers by asking members of the public to count the number of bugs on their vehicle number plates. Comparing the results to a similar 2004 study, they found that insect numbers were down by 65 percent in England. They had declined the least in Scotland, which recorded a 28 percent fall. Paul Hadaway, director of conservation at Kent Wildlife Trust, said the decline in insect populations is occurring at "an alarming rate". In an article in Yorkshire Live which shared the results of the study, readers were advised to "set up an insect house" in their gardens, "rather than killing bugs". According to the RSPB, building an insect house, also known as a "bug hotel", "can provide a safe hideaway for wildlife and help make use of your garden waste." It added: "A well-built hotel can shelter anything from hedgehogs to toads, solitary bees to bumblebees, and ladybirds to woodlice. "You can build your bug hotel at any time of year, but you might have the most natural materials such as straw, dry grass and hollow plant stems in autumn." Speaking about the study, Mr Hadaway said: "The results from the Bugs Matter study should shock and concern us all. "We are seeing declines in insects, which reflect the enormous threats and loss of wildlife more broadly across the country. READ MORE: Warning issued as killer Asian hornets are spotted in the UK "These declines are happening at an alarming rate and without concerted action to address them, we face a stark future. "Insects and pollinators are fundamental to the health of our environment and rural economies. "We need action for all our wildlife now by creating more and bigger areas of habitats, providing corridors through the landscape for wildlife and allowing nature space to recover." The Natural History Museum also warned of the decline in insect populations, saying: "The decline in insects affects all the major groups. DON'T MISS: UK storm forecast: Hail, thunder and downpours to batter Britain [REPORT] How to get rid of insects on your plants without pesticide - 4 methods [INSIGHT] Brexit: Furious row over eating INSECTS [REACTION] "In the next few decades, as many as 40 percent of the world's species could become extinct, including bees, ants and butterflies. "These insects represent some of the most significant pollinators of plants. "While plants are pollinated in many different ways, insect-pollinated crop plants such as apples, pears, cucumbers, watermelons and almonds, will become significantly less productive without pollinators and could fail altogether. "The impact of insect loss goes far beyond our food supplies, however, as animals such as birds which depend on them for food will also be hit." Additional reporting by Alex Evans.