Prince Charles stepped up in the absence of the Queen at the state opening of Parliament on Tuesday with the King-in-waiting announcing the legislative programme of Boris Johnson's Government in a speech delivered in his mother's words. Royal expert Richard Palmer pointed out that Prince Charles appeared to "sit staring at his mother's crown" in the moments before he delivered the Queen's Speech, in what Mr Palmer believes was a "poignant" moment in the midst of the fanfare. Speaking to host Pandora Forsyth on the Royal Roundup, Mr Palmer said: "The moment I thought was most poignant...[Prince Charles]sat looking at that crowd, it's his mother's crown, for quite a long time. "Gosh, I just thought penny for your thoughts." Ms Forsyth added: "I mean, you can tell just from his face for as a sort of an outsider looking of nervousness. "You think this is something which kind of sent shocks around the royal family that it's actually happened." JUST IN: Kate and Princess Anne join forces as they step up to represent Queen "Oh, yes, possibly," replied Mr Palmer. "I mean, who knows what he was thinking. "He seemed quite emotional about it." The Prince of Wales made history when he opened the new session of Parliament alongside the Duke of Cambridge and gave a glimpse of his future role as head of state. In the absence of the Queen, the heir to the throne and Prince William provided a sense of continuity amid the pomp and ceremony, and Charles' reading of the Queen's Speech was a highly symbolic occasion.   With the Queen's advancing years, the move has been interpreted as a significant shift in the prince's responsibilities in his role supporting his 96-year-old mother. The monarch reluctantly pulled out on the advice of royal doctors due to her continued mobility problems and delegated her role to the prince and the duke, but watched the proceedings on television from Windsor Castle. The 73-year-old prince sat not on the sovereign's throne, which had been removed, but on the consort's throne, which used to be occupied by his father, the Duke of Edinburgh, and which Charles has used in recent years. A space remained next to him, where the Queen's missing throne is usually located, under the opulent canopy, with the monarch's Imperial State Crown in front on a velvet cushion. DON'T MISS Prince Harry's 'dig at Queen's aides' exposed - expert lifts lid [VIDEO]Harry and Meghan will be 'told by Netflix' to avoid Platinum Jubilee [INSIGHT]Prince Harry 'toned down' memoir to appear on palace balcony - claim [ANALYSIS]  On either side of Charles were William, in a morning coat, and Camilla, wearing a day dress and hat, in the Chairs of State. The ceremony was a first for second-in-line-to-the-throne William, 39, who will also one day be king. Joe Little, managing editor of Majesty Magazine, said about Charles: "I suppose you could say, it's another part of his training, one of the many tasks that he'd prefer not to be fulfilling right now. But given his mother's great age there's a huge inevitability about all this. "Clearly he would regard it as an honour to be doing it on her behalf."