It’s been over half a year since No Time To Die hit cinemas and now James Bond fans are eagerly awaiting news of who will be the next 007. Since his explosive exit from the franchise, Daniel Craig has begun performing as Macbeth on Broadway in New York City. Bond producer Barbara Broccoli is producing the play and at the opening night this week was asked for any tantalising updates. Speaking with Variety, Broccoli admitted outside the Longacre Theatre: “It’s a big decision. It’s not just casting a role. It’s about a whole rethink about where we’re going. I’m just here celebrating one of the greatest actors on the planet, Daniel Craig.” The 007 producer has previously teased what her creative process for starting work on Bond 26 as a reboot will be. Speaking with The Times during awards season, Broccoli said: “The thing is, when you cast James Bond you’re not just casting one movie. You’re making a decision that you’re going to have to live with for at least a decade. Everybody has their own idea about what that person should be, so it’s a tough decision. With Casino Royale, by deciding to do that film and follow that trajectory [five interconnected films, beginning with a reboot] it made it much easier to then identify the actor to play that role. And so now we have to decide what the films are going to be like.” The 61-year-old said that first of all she and the other producers at EON productions will sit down and work out what sort of tone the reboot will take. Only after that will they go and audition actors for the next Bond to fit that mould. Broccoli said of the collaborative effort: “Are [the next set of 007 movies] going to be more humorous or less humorous, more gritty or not gritty? And then, when we’ve done that, we have to figure out the actor to play it. So, no, it’s not just ‘Oh, who looks good in a suit?’ We have to figure this out on our own.” DON'T MISSJames Bond Octopussy love scene: Maud Adams ‘floored’ Roger Moore [OCTOPUSSY]James Bond: Sean Connery wanted Roger Moore in Never Say Never Again [SEAN CONNERY]Elvis death: Last movie King saw was a Roger Moore James Bond [ELVIS] And on when she’ll start thinking about Bond 26 if she hasn’t already, Broccoli added: “The franchise machine doesn’t really start up again until it’s us and the writers in a room, getting into that whole thing.” Now that her work on Craig’s Macbeth is out the way, perhaps now’s the time to do so? In terms of who could play the next Bond, the 61-year-old has confirmed 007 will remain male, but he can be played by an actor of any race. SOURCE SOURCE