Kylian Mbappe appears intent on rubbing salt into Real Madrid's wounds following his sensational snub by convincing top Los Blancos target Aurelien Tchouameni to join him at Paris Saint-Germain instead. The Monaco midfielder is understood to have expressed his desire to join the La Liga champions, having allegedly agreed terms with both them and Liverpool, however Mbappe's influence could reportedly see PSG now hijack the deal.  According to RMC Sport, Tchouameni has opted to join Real Madrid over the Reds on a five-year contract in a deal worth £69million (€80m) plus bonuses. However, such an agreement is now reportedly the subject of sabotage. Spanish outlet AS claim Mbappe and PSG are attempting to persuade the 22-year-old midfielder to snub Real Madrid and head to the French capital instead. The report states the Ligue 1 champions have made a late push to pinch Tchouameni from under the Spanish side's noses. As per AS, French newspaper Le Parisien believe new PSG sporting director Luis Campos is doing everything in his power to do convince the highly-rated Monaco midfielder to change his mind over Real Madrid and stay in his native France. Campos is understood to have even called upon Mbappe's assistance. READ MORE: Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta goes public with William Saliba decision for next season  The French superstar, who himself spectacularly snubbed Real Madrid in favour of a PSG stay this week, is believed to have entered negotiations in order to convince his compatriot Tchouameni to follow in his footsteps by departing Monaco for PSG. The play may have come too late though. French outlet L'Equipe claim negotiations between Real Madrid and Monaco have intensified over the last day or so, as the Spanish giants look to swiftly move on from Mbappe's rejection. Despite appearing all but set to join this season's Champions League finalists, the 23-year-old committed his future PSG at the weekend by signing a three-year deal to keep him in Paris and put an end to one of football's most fascinating transfer tug-of-wars. Speaking during a special press conference on Monday, in which Mbappe's new contract was made official, the World Cup winner expressed his gratitude to towards Real Madrid's fans. He said: "I want to say thank you, as they always accepted me as one of them. I understand their disappointment, and I hope they understand that I wanted to stay in my country. DON'T MISSLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp thanks Aston Villa during classy message to Man CityPremier League Golden Boot: Mohamed Salah and Son Heung-min share top goalscorer prizeManchester United transfer target Frenkie de Jong hints where he'll play next season  "Is the Real Madrid door closed? I don't know what will happen in the future. Me and Florentino Perez have a close relationship. I don't know where I will be in three years. "I have respect for Real Madrid and Florentino Perez. They did everything for me and tried to make me very happy. So I had to call him personally, we have a close relationship with him."  