Locals were left feeling “misled” when they discovered the historic field in Weston-sub-Edge in Gloucestershire was up for sale. Bill Carruthers, the chairman of Weston-sub-Edge’s parish council is leading the protests against the beauty spot being “carved up” and sold off in lots.  It is believed that Max Dyer, whose father is godfather to Prince Harry and Meghan’s son Archie, is involved in the recent purchase of the scenic field at the heart of the quaint village. The sale has left residents fearing the beauty spot is being “carved up” and complained that nowhere in the initial sale marketing did it mention that the plots are part of a site which includes a scheduled ancient monument. The plots are located in an area of outstanding natural beauty (AONB), meaning the land is protected by the Countryside and Rights of Way Act 2000. This means the land will be virtually impossible to build on.  The parish council led by Mr Carruthers has complained that villagers may feel forced to purchase nearby plots to prevent developers from moving in, with the plot sizes ranging from 0.2 to 0.8 acres. Flyers began being posted to residents living adjacent to the field ten days ago. The sale of two of the plots has already been agreed upon, with one fetching a staggering £104,000. The formally authorised sale of the land off Church Road was made by Spooner Holdings Ltd, an Isle of Man-registered firm directed by George Spooner, a friend of Mr Dyer.  READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes spotted with walking stick at football match The locals were left shocked after discovering a derelict caravan had already been dragged onto the site in the middle of the evening last week. It is believed that Mr Dyer is linked to the sale of it despite Mr Spooner being the official purchaser of the land. The scheduled ancient monument status of the land protects the remains of a manor house, moat, and carp pools that were razed to the grounds in the 1600s. These artefacts are buried, but their outlines remain clearly visible with the land typically being used by grazing sheep and villagers walking their dogs.Jane Saltmarsh, who lives in the current manor house, said: “Because we are a sleepy rural village, it hasn’t been fully explored archaeologically.  DON'T MISS:Snack found in farm shops and delis recalled - 'do not eat' [INSIGHT]Ukrainians on e-bikes pulverise Russian tank units [PICTURES]Coleen Rooney ‘confident she has won' Wagatha Christie trial [ANALYSIS] “It’s still talking to us. I’m thunderstruck that anyone would think of carving it up.” Many villagers have since written to Barney Agents, who are overseeing the sale of the land, to share “serious omissions” in the marketing. Bill Carruthers said: “We are concerned that because of what they have read they could get into this without the full information and infer that planning permission could be granted when it absolutely couldn’t.” Barney Estates have since said that they amended the first draft of the marketing which initially failed to mention it was an area of outstanding natural beauty. A spokesman said: “All sales are done via an auction process, where all documentation relating to the lands’ restrictions are documented within the legal packs. In no way has development potential been insinuated throughout this brief marketing period.” 