Areas with a typically older population tend to have longer waiting lists, according to a doctor tracking waiting list times, with orthopaedic treatments suffering. Dr Jonathan Pearson-Stuttard, an epidemiologist and senior clinical lecturer in medicine at Imperial, told Express.co.uk that “the big challenge” for the health service would be finding the workforce to cope with the backlog right now, amid a shortage of qualified staff. An NHS waiting list tracker by LCP has revealed the massive disparities between different clinical commissioning groups (CCGs) – local organisations tasked with orchestrating an area’s health service. While city centres in the north of England, such as Manchester, Liverpool and Stockport, top the list for the most residents still waiting for treatment per 100,000 people, rural areas with older demographics are also struggling to meet demand. In particular, Norfolk and Waveney CCG ranks 98th out of 106 local health services, with 11,034 people waiting for treatment, according to the latest NHS figures from March. There, orthopaedic and ophthalmological treatments – those concerning the bones or eyes respectively – had the most waiting, with almost a combined 3,000 people awaiting treatment. Hampshire, Southampton and Isle of Wight CCG ranks 99th worst, with 12,068 people on the waiting list for care. Meanwhile, Devon ranks 96th worst, with 8,946 on the NHS waiting list. Some areas have larger populations, owing to a longer waiting list; numbers of those waiting per 100,000 people were last updated in December. READ MORE: Record 6.4MILLION NHS patients waiting to start hospital treatment However, it is expected that the situation will have only gotten worse in the months since, and there are fears that the “hidden need” could be twice as high as the recorded figures, as those who would have otherwise sought treatment may be staying away. In an exclusive interview, Dr Jonathan Pearson-Stuttard, head of health analytics at LCP who is overseeing the tracker, noted that these areas were rural and had an ageing population. He commented: “For example, in orthopaedics, we’ve tended to see the hardest-hit areas and the areas with the biggest waiting lists being areas that are largely rural with older populations – Norfolk and Waveney has been at the top of that top in a bad way, along with Devon. “Again, some of that’s driven by population, and both in terms of the number of people living there, but also age. And some of its driven by the system being stretched before the pandemic and more stretched during the direct parts of Covid with more older people and more people in hospital with Covid. “Whereas on the other end if you’re looking at gynaecology – which obviously there is generally more of a spread across the age groups within adults, rather than just being with older people like orthopaedics – then we see a very different pattern.” Dr Pearson-Stuttard went on to say that gynaecology waiting list times were more geographically distributed, with the north-west of England suffering worst because they had been the last to be hit by Covid, and had seen “more people coming in for longer with Covid”, consuming more resources. He said that there were several key factors that correlated all the worst performing areas, that were driving waiting list times: how hard the health service had been hit by Covid, the fact that the waiting list had been increasing before the pandemic, levels of deprivation, and staffing shortages. When it came to the “largest” waiting list – orthopaedics – which Dr Pearson-Stuttard said had 730,000 people currently awaiting treatment, “those disparities in the access to health care are only getting worse and worse”. Not just how many people were on the waiting list, but how long they are waiting is something where “these inequalities in access are only getting worse”. Some areas have fewer than a hundred people waiting more than a year for treatment, he said, while in other places this was in excess of 3,000. Dr Pearson-Stuttard said: “If that continues, it means that we'll have real, real disparities not just in terms of access for the elective recovery, [but also] elective waiting lists, their access to hip operations, and so forth. “With people waiting such different lengths of time, that will impact their broader health too. For somebody who is waiting a year, 18 months, compared to someone who's waiting 10-12 weeks for a hip operation, the person waiting longer: it's not just that they're in more pain with their hip, and that impacts their hip health. During that time, it's very likely that their heart health will get much worse, their risk of diabetes gets higher, as well as the impact on their mental health.” Asked if the disparities in the localised waiting lists might lead to a widening of health inequalities in the country, Dr Pearson-Stuttard responded that it was “very, very likely”, but that recent data had not been published “to conclusively say that”. While it was easy to see health inequalities in a geographic sense through the waiting list numbers and times, it was “much more difficult to see” when it came to levels of deprivation or healthy life expectancy, as they only had “good data” up until the pandemic began. In January, David Katz, emeritus professor of immunopathology at UCL, told this website that the pandemic “might trigger a deterioration in elderly people's general health” even though they are able to successfully fight infection from the virus itself, as in doing so it weakens their ability to cope with underlying illnesses. Dr Pearson-Stuttard said “that's definitely what we're worried about”. NHS data states that as of December England had a shortage of 110,192 healthcare staff; new data is expected to be published next week. However, Dr Pearson-Stuttard said it was not just a lack of staff that was contributing to the problem. Dr Pearson-Stuttard said that though the distribution of doctors across the population had been roughly even for “many years”, that distribution was “very unequal” when comparing with the healthcare needs of different communities. He explained: “In areas that have higher health care needs – generally more deprived areas, more complex conditions, higher burden of disease and so forth – then we’re then seeing within that [it’s very] much disproportionate in terms of the number of doctors for patients.  Dr Pearson-Stuttard added: “The first thing that the Government and the NHS could and should be doing is being much more proportionate in terms of that allocation of resources, across geography, according to that need – and that require some incentives to incentivise doctors to go to places that they're not currently working in.” Commenting on the challenges facing the NHS now, he said: “Overall, these are challenges that were building before the pandemic, and the challenges that were only worsened by the pandemic, rather than them being new challenges. “More people are living longer through the success of basic preventative public health work and improved health care. But then alongside that, we're finding people are living with more diseases for longer. “Generally the population is living in poor health than it was previously. And so what that does is just increase the demand for healthcare services – and not just one healthcare service, but the breadth of all the different conditions.  “And so what we haven't seen at all is the types of genuinely innovative thinking they're required to make sure the health system that we're providing now actually is proportionate and matches to what patients need, which is very different to our current system.” NHS England referred Express.co.uk to the Department of Health. A Department of Health spokesperson said: “We are working hard to tackle the Covid backlog and level up healthcare so patients can be seen quicker across the country. “We are rolling out new surgical hubs and up to 160 community diagnostic centres so patients have easier access to tests closer to home, and improving cancer diagnoses – with 88 diagnostic centres already open, delivering over 800,000 scans. “There are record numbers of nurses, doctors and staff overall working in the NHS, helping to put it in the strongest possible position to rebuild from the pandemic.”