So close but yet so far. For a brief second-half spell at Anfield, Liverpool were seemingly just one goal away from clinching the Premier League title. Instead they have been left to lick their wounds and prepare for next weekend's Champions League final, where they face Real Madrid at the Stade de France. On an afternoon where just about anything seemed possible, City broke Liverpool hearts with a stunning comeback from 2-0 down against Aston Villa to retain the title but Jurgen Klopp's side can hold their heads high after giving it their all, beating Wolves 3-1 at Anfield. Pedro Neto had put the visitors ahead inside a few minutes to stun the Kop but goals from Sadio Mane, Mohamed Salah and Andy Robertson saw the Reds earn all three points - although it would not prove to be enough. Here's how the Liverpool players rated on a whirlwind afternoon at Anfield... Alisson - 8 Made a huge save to deny Hwang Hee-chan after Liverpool levelled things up. It's not the only huge save he has made in recent months. He seems to intimate attackers as they bare down on goal. Made another decent save from Hwang in the second half as Liverpool somehow survived several scares. Trent Alexander-Arnold - 6 Put in plenty of inviting deliveries but couldn't find the golden pass. Thundered a shot at goal that was blocked, shouts for handball but no penalty. Ibrahima Konate - 6 Responsible for a terrible start for Liverpool after misreading a long Wolves goal-kick that eventually saw Neto open the scoring inside just three minutes. Joel Matip - 7 Had the chance to head home an equaliser but his glanced effort flew wide of the mark. Otherwise defended very well, despite a few hairy moments. Andy Robertson - 7 Relentless energy down the left but his choice of pass was often rushed and resultantly, inaccurate. Was playing off the crowd, just needed to compose himself in the crucial moments. Not his finest game but did bolster his rating with a late goal. Thiago Alcantara - 8 Eyes in the back of his head to set up the equaliser. A sumptuous, cute flick to play in Mane. Played some superb passes and was bossing the game before feeling something in his hamstring. Will now be serious concern he may not make the Champions League final. Jordan Henderson - 8 Perfect for this kind of match when the stakes are high. Just sat in front of the back four and passed the ball forward. Simple yet effective. Naby Keita - 6 Good in spells driving at the Wolves defence but Liverpool needed more from the Guinea international. Luis Diaz - 6 Not as sharp as usual but did have a penalty claim when he was brought down by Jose Sa. Squared the ball across goal several times but nobody was there to tap home.  Sadio Mane - 8 Looking really sharp. Not only his touch but with his movement as well. Finished brilliantly with his left foot, into the ground, to restore parity. Had the ball in the net for a second but was then flagged offside. Diogo Jota - 5 Needed to get involved a bit more. Really not as effective from the right. Looked short of confidence in the box. Subbed for Mohamed Salah. Mohamed Salah - 8 Scored the winner to remain level with Heung-min Son for the Golden Boot on 23 goals but in the end, it meant precious little. Looked to be in on goal earlier after Toti Gomes misjudged the bounce of the ball but Willy Boly made a vital intervention. James Milner - 7 Kept things simple but it just wasn't enough, despite victory. Roberto Firmino - 5 Really poor, kept giving the ball away in crucial moments. Did eventually set up Robertson for the third.