British expats living in Benidorm during the pandemic reported that the popular spot in Costa Blanca was "a ghost town". Two years later, Benidorm is fully recovered as summer bookings are now higher than pre-pandemic levels. General director of holiday booking platform Destinia, Ricardo Fernández, explained the British are the main market for Benidorm. With almost no travel restrictions for UK travellers, the city predicts "a very good summer". Bookings from British tourists are 70 percent higher compared to the same dates in 2019, according to Destinia's recent data. Ricardo Fernández previously explained that British, as well as other European travellers, are not "afraid of travelling" anymore. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares hotel room tip - ‘replace your room key’ He said: "We have been highly affected by the pandemic and the restrictions for two years. "But it now seems that psychologically we are returning to normality little by little. "This is mainly thanks to the relaxation of the travel restrictions and masks rules. "This is making people want to go on holiday again with less fear and slowly recovering our pre-pandemic life."  However, as Britons flock back to Benidorm, the city has seen a significant increase in prices. According to the data provided by Destinia, staying in Benidorm is now 11 percent more expensive than in 2019. Prices in Benidorm "remain on the rise", the travel site reported. A few weeks ago, Benidorm hotels also reported a rise in prices following Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Hotel industry workers explained that the cost of providing a hotel stay in the Spanish resort had increased by over 25 percent. The main reasons for the price increase in hotel stays are the rising price of energy and a shortage of essential items such as sunflower oil and wheat. Nuria Montes, Benidorm’s hotel association Hosbec, told the Spanish paper Las Provincias: “The main expenditure for a hotel is its staff, but then that’s followed by food and drink, along with energy. “Costs related to guest food can account for around 25 percent of the total expenses of a hotel and energy comes in at 15 percent, with both these areas sky-rocketing in price.” Currently, Britons must be fully vaccinated to travel to Spain unless they have recently recovered from COVID-19. Unvaccinated adults can only travel to Spain if they have proof of a recovery certificate. The use of face masks indoors is not mandatory in Spain anymore. This is with the exception of the plane, train or bus, as well as all other public transport.