Cheshire East Council is considering making payments to people who stop the habit. It says about 10.5 percent of residents in the borough and 10.8 percent of pregnant women still smoke tobacco. Under the plan, smokers would be required to take tests to prove they were quitting and would be paid in instalments. A council report states: "There is robust evidence that financial incentives increase smoking quit rates. "Evidence shows that people are around 50 percent more likely to quit with incentives. "Furthermore, in pregnant women specifically, the likelihood of quitting is doubled."  The report adds that the area's rates are "similar to or worse" than the national average and are no longer declining in the area. It continues that plateauing smoking rates locally and a lack of recent progress towards meeting national smoking targets proves the case for the council to take "innovative action" to protect the health and wellbeing of residents. Cheshire East also points to the financial impact on smokers with a £4,515 annual cost of smoking 20 a day. The total budget for the scheme would be £116,500, according to Cheshire East.  READ MORE ABOUT THE POUND FACING AN 'EXISTENTIAL' CRISIS A comparison of smoking rates with local authorities sharing similar characteristics with Cheshire East puts Cornwall at 13.3 percent, East Riding of Yorkshire on 12.3 percent and Herefordshire on 11.5 percent. Several wards in Crewe and Macclesfield have significantly higher than average rates of young smokers and deaths from respiratory diseases, according to the report. Nantwich News reports that Dr Andrew Turner told a meeting of Cheshire East's adults and health committee on Monday, May 30, that the payment scheme had proved successful in other areas. But Tory councillor Andrew Kolker questioned whether £200 would "cut the mustard" with smokers who have already ignored the financial benefit of saving £5,000 and ignored the health benefits to an unborn child.  DON'T MISS: Police officer taken to hospital after car and bus crash [LATEST] Princess Eugenie and husband Jack to move to Portugal [REVEALED] Prince Harry to run back to UK 'with tail between legs' as 'not happy' [REPORT] Mr Kolker, quoting from an expert's report in the British Medical Journal, told the meeting: "He said that because smokers have a shorter life, they live on average eight years less than non-smokers, they miss out on about £130,000 of state pension. "On top of that because most people draw significantly more on the NHS in the last few years of their life… they don’t draw that as well, because they died early. "And so his conclusion was that actually smokers save the country, save the exchequer, a vast amount of money. "On top of the fact of course that they kindly donate 70 percent of the cost of the pack of cigarettes to the exchequer as well."  Fellow councillor, Janet Clowes, said: "You cannot implement a service for pregnant women without looking at the household holistically and taking on board there may be other children in the house and adults that are smokers. "I was an ITU nurse and seeing some of the impacts of smoking – seeing amputated limbs, seeing chronic obstructive airways disease going on and on – they might die sooner but not until they’ve actually suffered many, many years of disabling conditions." Cheshire East is due to decide whether or not to introduce the scheme at another meeting in July. The latest Office for National Statistics figures show that 14.5 percent of people aged 16 years and over said they smoked in 2020, a decrease from 15.8 percent in 2019.  A report from the University of Illinois at Chicago shows that globally there are 1.1 billion smokers. Report author Jeffrey Drope said children were being targeted in a number of countries, leading to a rise in smoking among teenagers aged 13-15 in 63 of 135 countries surveyed. The data also shows tobacco use caused almost 8.7 million deaths worldwide in 2019. 