Biden was speaking in Tokyo on the second day of his visit to Japan, having also recently met the new South Korean President, Yoon Suk-yeol, with both leaders considering expanding joint military exercises in light of North Korean provocations. Biden hailed the Japan alliance as the “cornerstone” of peace and security in the Indo-Pacific. The US President also announced the launch of a 13-country Indo-Pacific economic framework as a counterweight to China’s own regional expansion. The framework hopes to see the agreeing of standards in the digital economy, supply chains and clean energy. However, the fact the framework will not include plans to ease market access for fear of upsetting American voters could blunt its overall impact. The US pivot to Asia could also risk strategic overreach by Washington, given the proposed expansion of NATO in response to the war in Ukraine. Still, meeting Japanese PM Fumio Kishida, Biden said the responsibility to protect Taiwan was “even stronger” after the invasion. In another stunning development, Washington is now backing Japan’s permanent membership of the UN Security Council. Currently there are just five permanent members: China, France, Russia, the UK and US – all victors of World War Two. There have long been demands for enlargement, however. Japan – which has punched well below its weight militarily since 1945 given its economic prowess (Japan is the world’s third largest economy) – has been discussing amending its constitution for some time, and expanding its military reach in response to what it sees as Chinese aggression. Later, Japan and the US will also be engaged in a meeting of the Quad – a regional democratic alliance which includes Australia and India, and is seen by Beijing as a direct threat. This will be the first major test for incoming Aussie PM Anthony Albanese after Australian Labor’s victory at the weekend. The Tokyo meeting comes after revelations that China could be training to attack Japanese aircraft. Earlier this month, China’s People’s Liberation Army (PLA) also sent 18 warplanes, including fighters and bombers, into Taiwan’s air defence zone - the second-largest incursion this year. The PLA has since flown 100 sorties from its Liaoning aircraft carrier, stationed off Okinawa, a Japanese island near Taiwan where US troops are also based in what is believed to be a test of the carrier’s capabilities. Despite warm words with Biden, Japan – which has long had tense relations with China – may also be looking to move away from overreliance on the US, aware that public support for a Taiwanese entanglement may be lacking among Americans. South Korea’s new President recently suggested strengthening ties with Tokyo, alongside those with Washington, perhaps with a view to more strategic independence among the Asian democracies. All of this still points to an end to Washington’s ‘strategic ambiguity’ over Taiwan. This will not be lost on Beijing, with the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) currently engaged in draconian lockdown measures across China which look as much like a preparation for war as for controlling COVID-19. As Chinese state media continues to champion Russia as both justified and victorious in Ukraine, demand could rise among sections of the Chinese population to invade Taiwan given what they believe Moscow has achieved. As the guarantor of the global sea lanes, Washington may also have concluded the US simply cannot afford to sit out a conflict over Taiwan, since victory for Beijing would all but guarantee Chinese dominance of the Indo-Pacific, with implications for dollar dominance as well. As tensions ramp up in Asia, Europe may also consider how much bandwidth the US has for defence on the Continent as well. Meanwhile, as the world enters what looks like a new Cold War and arms race, China may well sense a closing window of opportunity to strike.