There's good news for gaming fans hoping to grab a PS5 console this week, as Argos and PlayStation Direct both receive new stock. Judging by a new report on the Stock Checker website, Argos received PS5 Disc consoles on May 9, which means a stock drop should follow within days. PlayStation Direct, meanwhile, will take place between 9.30am - 11am BST on May 10. "Luckily enough, we've been informed that Argos expects to receive PS5 Disc Edition shipments on Monday, May 9, 2022," reads a Stock Checker article. "If all shipments do arrive on May 9, Argos would be distributing the consoles across the nation to most stores, which could take 1-2 days. "After distributions, we can expect the online and in-store PS5 to restock between May 11-14 (03:00-09:00 BST). "However, Argos has recently accepted online orders before distributing PS5 stock (pre-order), which could mean a possible restock between May 10-13 instead. Either way, the drop should take place this week." Less clear is whether PlayStation Direct will have access to Disc and Digital consoles, or just Disc. To stand a chance of purchasing from PlayStation Direct, you'll need to sign up for an account first. Members should receive an email once the restocks go live, so check your inbox if you've already signed up. PlayStation 5 shopping tips when buying from GAME... • Get familiar with the bundles, so you know which one to target first: Obscure bundles are easier to get, standalones almost impossible. [GAME] • When alerted, click through to your first bundle of choice as quickly as possible, this will get you into the queue. [GAME] • If it says it's failed when trying to checkout, it means that bundle is now OOS. So go back to the bundles and pick another one. [GAME] • Checking out too much too quickly will give you a 30-60 second timeout, so don't rush it. If this happens, just wait a bit then try again. [GAME] PlayStation 5 general shopping tips... • Login if you already have an account with the retailer. • Use multiple devices wherever possible - desktop browser, laptop, tablet, smartphone. • If the retailer has a dedicated app, download and use the app for purchasing a PS5. • Sign up for retailer stock alerts where possible. Sites like ShopTo allow users to register interest. • Follow stock checker accounts and websites, including PS5 UK Stock and Express Gaming.