Jemma Martin, 31, from Beechdale in Nottingham drove to Skegness for an August bank holiday day out last year. She was travelling with her then-partner and her children, who were four-years-old and 18-months-old at the time. Miss Martin and her family arrived at North Parade car park, but were not able to open their doors properly in the space. This meant she was unable to get her children and a pushchair in and out of the car. Because there were no parent and child parking spaces, to solve this issue, Miss Martin parked slightly over the white line to create room. As a result, she was handed a parking ticket, which she has been disputing with East Lindsey District Council since then. READ MORE: Drivers furious over sunglasses rule that can land £5,000 fine However, on the morning of April 4, 2022, Miss Martin was faced with a visit from the bailiffs. She said they were asking for £394, although she was not in a financial position to pay the fine. When Miss Martin told the debt collector she could not pay, he allegedly threatened to take her car, but could not because it was financed. He then made another threat, according to Miss Martin. DON'T MISSDriver solves mystery after receiving multiple unknown parking fines [MYSTERY]Elderly drivers 'put off by the cost' of electric cars despite car ban [INTERESTING]‘Legalised theft’ Driver 'baffled' after he received £100 parking fine [OUTRAGEOUS]  She said: “He threatened that he could come into my home and take my things “I had a bloke in front of me telling me he could break into my home and take my things. “I was very intimidated, he was quite a big bloke,” she told Lincolnshire Live. She added that when she said she would not let him in, he told her he would force his way into the house. On the form that the debt collector left, it stated that Miss Martin had paid the fine voluntarily, but she said she paid because she felt “threatened”. Miss Martin continued, saying: “I am five foot two inches, what could I do? “£400 is a massive chunk of my monthly allowance, it's about half. "I have got my mum I can rely on, but that's to borrow, not to have. “I’ll have to pay it back, so it will be a while until I’m on top of things.” Miss Martin works two hours a day as a midday supervisor at a local school, and the rest of her pay is topped up with Universal Credit payments. She has labelled what happened as “disgraceful”. Her ex-partner who was with her at the time of the parking fine is no longer with her, so she is worried about how she will pay the fine. Miss Martin claims she was told by East Lindsey District Council the bailiff officer may not have acted appropriately, according to Lincolnshire Live. A spokesperson for East Lindsey District Council told Express.co.uk: "Following due process the lady in question was written to four times and no responses were received to those communications. "Following this lack of response the matter was passed to the Bailiffs who again wrote to the lady twice and no response was received to these letters. "As is normal in these cases the lady was visited by Bailiffs and that has elicited a complaint being made to the Bailiff company that will be investigated by them using their internal processes."