Her Majesty has become the third longest-reigning monarch in world history today. The Queen finally overtook the former head of state of Liechtenstein, Johann II, who reigned for a total of 25,658 days - or 70 years and 91 days. The British sovereign has been reigning upon the UK and over overseas realms for 70 years and 92 days - and counting. Johann II's reign lasted from November 12 1858 to February 11 1929. The Queen is on track to make history yet another time in just a matter of weeks, as a former Thai sovereign, Bhumibol Adulyadej, has reigned a total of 25,694 days - just 34 more days than the current total achieved by the English sovereign. The longest-ever reigning monarch is Louis XIV of France who, acceding to the throne when he was just a child in 1643, has reigned for a total of 72 years and 110 days. This year, the Queen is already marking a major record, as she has become the first-ever English monarch to have sat on the throne for seven decades. The Platinum Jubilee year began on February 6, the anniversary of King George VI's death and the accession to the throne of his firstborn Elizabeth. The monarch marked the day itself privately in Sandringham, the estate deeply loved by her father and where he died in 1952. On the eve of the Accession Day anniversary, she released a statement in which she thanked Britons, other realms where she is recognised as head of state and Commonwealth countries for the support received over the past decades. READ MORE: Lady Louise’s ‘shared passion with Queen to be honoured She also renewed her pledge, first made on her 21st birthday, to dedicate her whole life to service. Moreover, the Queen let it be known she wants Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, to take on the title of Queen Consort when Prince Charles's reign begins. The Jubilee has already been marked with a number of initiatives and visits - including four tours abroad carried out by senior royals. Moreover, between last October and March, people around the world have joined the 'Plant a tree for the Jubilee' initiative. But the major celebrations for the Platinum Jubilee are to take place during a long bank holiday weekend between June 2 and 5. Several events have already been announced - including the return of the Trooping the Colour parade to central London after it had to be held for two years in a streamlined fashion in the Windsor Castle's Quadrangle due to the coronavirus pandemic. The first main event taking place on the celebratory weekend will be the parade itself and the following appearance of members of the Firm on the Buckingham Palace balcony. On Friday, it was announced Prince Harry, Meghan Markle and Prince Andrew would not join the Queen on the balcony, alongside a number of other non-working members of the family. The statement read: "After careful consideration, The Queen has decided this year’s traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday 2nd June will be limited to Her Majesty and those Members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of The Queen." Despite the Sussexes not being invited on the balcony, Meghan and Harry have announced they will travel across the pond with their two children to mark the Queen's historic year. A spokesperson for the Duke and Duchess said, a few minutes after the Queen's decision had been revealed: "Prince Harry and Meghan, the Duke and Duchess of Suss are excited and honoured to attend The Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations this June with their children." Non-working royals will likely be able to attend the service of thanksgiving for the reign of the Queen at St Paul's Cathedral on Friday, June 3. The bank holiday weekend will be packed with events, some of which have already been announced including a concert at Buckingham Palace on Saturday, June 4. On Sunday, June 5, the streets of London will be flooded with artists taking part in the Platinum Pageant. And the whole country is expected to enjoy street parties and lunches in honour of the Queen, coordinated by the Big Lunch organisation, of which Camilla is the patron.