Manchester United have received a major boost in their pursuit of Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong. The Spanish giants are believed to be looking to offload the Dutchman this summer for around £58million. De Jong made the £64m move from Ajax to Barca in 2019, after a three year spell in the senior side at the Johan Cruyff Arena. He is now being heavily linked with a move to Old Trafford following the appointment of his former boss Erik ten Hag. A huge fan of De Jong, the new United boss helped him develop into one of the best midfielders in Europe during the particular season of 2018/19. Although the Barca boss and former Catalan player Xavi is a fan of the Dutchman, their current financial position has edged the 24-year-old closer to exit, according to AS. The Spanish outlet also claims that he is viewed as a player of value, although Xavi believes he lacks leadership amongst a young squad like Barca's, therefore would struggle to take the new generation of players forward. De Jong has experienced success in Spain, making regular appearances for Xavi across all competitions, having scored four goals while assisting five in 42 outings. Becoming Barca’s boss last year, Xavi is set to continue his squad rebuild this summer, meaning De Jong could be edged towards the exit, especially after Sergio Busquets is set to stay at Camp Nou another year, running down his contract in the summer of 2023. According to transfer expert Fabrizio Romano, the Spaniard has been approached by various MLS teams but has already turned them down. Head coach Xavi apparently considers him to be an important part of the project for next season. Following his appointment, Ten Hag identified midfielder as an area for improvement. United are set to lose both Paul Pogba and Nemanja Matic on free transfers this summer after their contracts have run out. Although Ten Hag would be pleased to work with his former player, it is understood De Jong’s preference is to remain in Spain. As the Red Devils are set to undergo a rebuild in the summer, current interim manager Ralf Rangnick has also stated the club need to invest in their attacking department. “For me, it’s obvious Manchester United needs two more quality strikers that just give this team more options, more quality and more weapons,” he said after United’s win over Brentford on Monday night. "If you look to Liverpool or Manchester City and look at their strikers, they have five or six top-class strikers. They are all strikers who can play in different positions, they can also switch, and they can rotate.”   