Bradley Walsh was hoping he could have multiple wins against the panel of Chasers on Tuesday's instalment of ITV's Beat The Chasers. However, he came up against his first hurdle when his warm welcome towards Issa Schultz was met with a cheeky jab. Quick to remark on the show's long-serving host, many of the show's viewers found the Australian star's comments hilarious and are hoping he can stay a little longer, unlike Bradley.   Anne 'The Governess' Hegerty is absent from the new season of Beat The Chasers due to testing positive for COVID-19 just before filming commenced. Without skipping a beat, Australian quizzer Issa 'Supernerd' Schultz was able to fill her "cold shoes" and fly out to join the panel. Premiering on UK soil on Monday, May 16, Bradley was happy to see Issa again and said: "Are you enjoying the experience of being here in Britain?" Issa replied: "I'm having the time of my life Bradley, an honour to work with yourself. Read More: 'Unforgettable' Jane McDonald shares glimpse into love life as she bids farewell on show    "I never in my wildest dreams thought I would work with Ant and Dec's dad. How exciting!" The studio audience and his fellow panellists erupted into laughter as a stunned Bradley replied: "It's funny how rapidly deportation can work isn't it?" Fans took to social media to share their love and admiration for the new quizzer. Viewer @ThisisTL1 tweeted: "Issa is settling in really well with the other Chasers #BeatTheChasers."   "I love Issa, he's funny! " @GeorgiaBowring stated and "I actually love Issa already," @c3roline added. Chuckling at Issa's joke, Steve Lowe commented: "Bradley's the dad of Ant & Dec? Good start! #BeatTheChasers." Spotting Issa and Shaun Wallace's moment when the newbie brainbox's jab landed at Bradley's expense, @kloedunne described: "Shaun and Issa's fist bumps are the best part of the show like it's so adorable #BeatTheChasers." (sic) The show had a few winners, with Londoner Ricky carrying home the biggest pot for the evening. DON’T MISS…NCIS Los Angeles season 13 finale: Is Callen leaving NCIS LA? [LATEST]Doctor Who boss explains how Ncuti Gatwa almost missed out on Time Lord role  [LATEST]The Chase replacement hopes for more screen time next season 'If the bosses are up for it'  [LATEST]    Taking on four Chasers for a total of £40,000, he managed to beat them with 12 seconds still left on the clock. Duncan was the first winner of the night and took home £25,000. He was unsure at first about how many Chasers to take on, so he asked Bradley if he could ask the audience, to which Bradley replied "wrong show" but let him do it anyway. Another jab was made at Bradley's age during the show, which insinuated he had been on TV for multiple decades when Lynn stepped up to have a go.   Lynn was the first female pilot for British Airways and referenced how "her name was the answer to a cash builder question on The Chase" in the past. When taking on the panel, Paul 'The Sinnerman' Sinha joked: "This is a historic round with the first female pilot and the man who has recorded more pilots than anyone else in history." The biggest potential win came in the form of rainbow-haired Stevie, who took on five Chasers to try and take home £100,000 but narrowly missed out by only five seconds. Beat the Chasers continues on ITV on Wednesday at 9pm.