Ksenija Selivanova is a qualified face massage expert. She wows fans with her youthful appearance and aims to help them achieve the same. Also a pilates expert, she posts her face yoga tips and tricks on her Instagram account @the_moments. Ksenija showed three moves to help boost the youthful appearance of skin without turning to the needle. Ksenija said: "These simple moves help to tone the rye and forehead area as well as improve the appearance of lines and wrinkles. "Repeat each move 10 to 15 times." She advised: "Light to medium pressure using an oil, cream, or cleanser." READ MORE: Anti-aging: Best face yoga move for eyes from Lisa Snowdon - solves puffy, tired skin Move one Take the forefinger and index finger of each hand and put them together. Moving from underneath the inside of the eye, just on each side of the nose, press gently with your forefinger and middle finger, gently rolling them. Pressing and rolling, move up along the cheeks and up to the temples. DON'T MISSAnti-aging for the neck: 'From turkey neck to swan neck' [HOW TO] Anti-aging expert shares essential moves to turn back the clock [FACE YOGA] Exclusive face yoga routine to 'eradicate' sagging jowls [ANTI-AGING] Move two Take your four fingers from both hands and gently lay them across your temples, from the eye towards the hairline. Lightly use all four fingers to gently massage the area, lightly pulling the skin apart. Move three Take your four fingers on each hand. With them slightly apart, place them just over your eyebrows. Gently push upwards towards the hairline. She also recently discussed how to use face yoga to get rid of a double chin. Ksenija said: "These techniques work on relaxing the overused and tensed muscles located under our chin." The face yoga expert shared three moves to help improve the appearance of a double chin. A double chin is common. It is caused by fat forming below the chin and is also known as submental fat. Face yoga is said by proponents to make skin look smoother and more vibrant. It helps to increase blood flow to the skin, making it look rejuvenated and healthy. It relaxes and massages the muscles beneath the skin of the face, which helps the skin look smoother as well as prevents frowning.