Chelsea have been urged to re-sign a former player in their bid to strengthen defensively following Antonio Rudiger’s exit. Club captain Cesar Azpilicueta, Andreas Christensen and Marcos Alonso have also been linked with moves away from the club this summer. However former Chelsea defender Scott Minto believes an answer to their defensive conundrum could have been at the club last summer. Fikayo Tomori recently won the Serie A title with AC Milan following his transfer from Chelsea, and Minto believes that a reunion would benefit both parties. He doesn’t however think it makes sense for Tomori to return to Chelsea this summer, but in 2023 instead. He told talkSPORT: “I think he would be superb. I saw him at Derby and thought he was brilliant, he was Derby’s player of the year, and he lifted himself up whenever he played in a Chelsea shirt. “I remember him almost man-marking Salah out of the game one time at the Bridge, he was superb, and he’s come on without a doubt. So give him another year, then bring him back. I’d say to him: ‘Look, have one more season, then do you fancy coming back to the Bridge?’ “If I was him I would enjoy the foreign experience for as long as possible, because it may never happen again, especially if you could go back to a club like Chelsea and stay there. “You still need to get experience and Chelsea have got Thiago Silva there right now, but he’s probably got one year left in him. Trevoh Chalobah who’s done so well on top of that. So giving Tomori another year at AC Milan and then trying to get him back to Chelsea, I don’t see why not.” Tomori’s success in Italy has also seen him called up to the recent England squad by Gareth Southgate for the Nations League games in June against Hungary, Germany and Italy. He is not the only Chelsea academy graduate to move to Italy and enjoy success, with Tammy Abraham also named in Southgate’s squad and recently won the European Conference League with Jose Mourinho at AS Roma. Tomori has been named by Minto as someone who could help Chelsea’s defensive woes, as Rudiger is leaving on a free transfer to Real Madrid while Christensen has been strongly linked with Barcelona. Both Alonso and Azpilicueta have also been rumoured to swap London for Barcelona this summer. Thomas Tuchel is facing a defensive crisis should all four leave this summer, but does reportedly have an eight-man transfer shortlist this summer as Todd Boehly’s £4billion acquisition of the club is edging closer to completion. Manchester City winger Raheem Sterling has also been linked with a move to Chelsea, with his contract ending in 2023.