Antonio Conte lauded his Tottenham players for their performance against Burnley in the 1-0 win over Mike Jackson's men on Saturday afternoon - and opened up on the contentious penalty that was awarded deep into the first half, claiming the decision was "clear". Conte's men defeated a generally resilient Burnley outfit at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium via a Harry Kane strike from twelve yards. They pressed for a second and went close via an effort from Son Heung-min, although the strong arm of Nick Pope thwarted the South Korean. The Lilywhites survived a scare from an Ashley Barnes thunderbolt that struck the post in the second-half, but ultimately came out on top against the Clarets to strengthen their position in the race for the top four against bitter rivals Arsenal. And Conte was proud of his players for stepping up against a side who had their own battle to contend - and was confident that their goal was awarded in fair circumstances. "The penalty was clear, first of all!" Conte laughed on BT Sport. "Because I have seen that someone has complained about the penalty, it was not 100 per cent clear. It was 200 per cent. And then we created other chances to improve the result, in one end the keeper [Pope] was good. "And at the other end, I think that in this situation we have to have more of a killer instinct. If we scored the second goal then you don't face the last 50 minutes with a fear."  The result has seen the Champions League hopefuls momentarily jump ahead of their bitter rivals by two points, although Mikel Arteta's side have a game in hand against Newcastle on Monday evening. Only a win would be good enough for the Gunners, and with a worse goal difference they would be needing Norwich to win against Tottenham on the last day for any sort of reprieve. Meanwhile, Burnley will be hoping for Leeds to fall short against Brighton and Brentford in their race for survival. Jackson's men take on Aston Villa in midweek before a crunch clash against Newcastle on the final day at Turf Moor.