June is a very busy month for gardeners as there are certain tasks to carry out before summer arrives. Like May, June is all about preparing and maintaining the garden ready for those summer months. Certain plants can still be planted next month before temperatures really start to surge. The extra light and warm weather in June will allow for quicker growth of fruit and vegetables, like lettuces, strawberries and tomatoes, and plants including Delphiniums to add some blue and purple shades. Gardening expert Chris Bonnett from Gardening Express.co.uk said: “June is the perfect time to get your garden ready for the summer by adding colourful blooms and planting summer fruit and vegetables. “Do remember the warmer weather is great for gardening growth but that means the weeds grow too so it’s important to get on top of this task. “Other jobs include creating a restful space to entertain and enjoy the sunny weather and to use bark to create natural features.” Here are the experts’ useful tips to get your garden ready for the sunshine. While plants and fruit and vegetable plants benefit from the warmer weather, it also makes way for “pesky weeds” which “thrive” in these conditions, according to Chris. READ MORE: Gardening tips: How to grow ‘bigger’ hydrangeas for summer He said: “The best way to get rid of weeds and prevent them from spreading is to keep on top of digging them out. “For stubborn spots, invest in a good weedkiller.” Watering plants is also a key task to do this month, especially when the weather warms up. However, it can be difficult to remember when to water plants, especially for those who don’t have a lot of time on their hands. Chris said: “The warmer temperature can make your garden thrive, but the heat can allow for dry conditions, particularly during heatwaves. “Being consistent with watering will increase the soil moisture levels, which will result in healthy plant growth.” DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to remove yellow pillow stains - ‘easiest way’ [TIPS]Lawn task you should ‘never’ do - ‘complete waste of time, energy a... [EXPERT]Pests: How to keep insects out of the house using ‘strong smells’  [INSIGHT] With June temperatures and a little moisture, growth should be at its best so regular mowing will produce a beautiful dense turf. Regular means at least once a week. As lawns will need regular cutting as the weather warms up, Chris advises gardeners to make sure their mower’s in good working order. It’s also the time for heat-loving plants to flourish, so why not create a new flower bed for them? The expert instructed: “Get creative with your flowers, adding colourful plants such as Delphinium and Coleus will create an eye-catching display in your garden. “Identify the perfect spot in the garden and get to work and make sure you pick plants suitable for the soil and conditions.” There is also time to grow certain crops in June. Chris suggested planting some lettuce, strawberries and tomatoes. He said: “Become that gardener with green fingers by growing fresh produce this June. “Vegetables and fruits such as lettuce, strawberries and tomatoes thrive in the summer heat and will grow quicker and healthier.” Mulching and feeding plants is also important to do in June. The gardening pro said: “Mulch can be a gardener’s best friend to prevent weed seeds and keep moisture in the soil. “It also adds organic matter to the soil, enhancing your garden health and producing the brightest of plants. “Remember to feed pots, hanging baskets and containers every couple of weeks. “This will encourage flowering throughout the summer.”