The Mayo Clinic says COVID-19 symptoms can sometimes persist for months. It explains the virus can damage the lungs, heart and brain, which increases the risk of long-term health problems. The organisation says coronavirus can make blood cells more likely to clump up and form clots.  It states: "While large clots can cause heart attacks and strokes, much of the heart damage caused by COVID-19 is believed to stem from very small clots that block tiny blood vessels (capillaries) in the heart muscle. “Other parts of the body affected by blood clots include the lungs, legs, liver and kidneys. “COVID-19 can also weaken blood vessels and cause them to leak, which contributes to potentially long-lasting problems with the liver and kidneys.” John Hopkins Medicine explains blood clots can cause problems ranging from mild to life threatening. READ MORE: Coffee impacts cholesterol levels depending on your gender – study finds  It explains: “If a clot blocks blood flow in a vein or artery, the tissue normally nourished by that blood vessel can be deprived of oxygen, and cells in that area can die.” The NHS says: “Patients with COVID-19 infection may be at increased risk of a blood clot. "You may be prescribed anticoagulant medication to reduce your risk of developing a blood clot. “An anticoagulant, also known as ‘blood thinners’ increases the time it takes your blood to clot.”  The NHS says: “Blood clots can be very serious and need to be treated quickly. Staying healthy and active can help prevent them.” Stop the Clot says there are several important signs and symptoms of blood clots. It says if you can recognise these signs and symptoms, you can save your life or the life of a friend or family member. The organisation says symptoms of a blood clot in the leg or arm include:  There are also some other signs of Long Covid. The Mayo Clinic says common signs and symptoms that linger over time include: The NHS advice on long Covid says people who are recovering from an illness often report feeling a little better each day, and it can take time to fully recover.  There is also some suggestion that a vaccine can help reduce long Covid symptoms. The British Heart Foundation (BHF) says: “In research published in October 2021, the Office for National Statistics used data from the UK Coronavirus Infection Survey to look at the association between COVID-19 vaccination and long Covid in people who already had it before the vaccine.” The NHS notes that how long it takes to recover from COVID-19 is different for everybody, but many people feel better in a few days or weeks. The health body explains that the chances of having long-term symptoms does not seem to be linked to how ill you are when you first get COVID-19, as “people who had mild symptoms at first can still have long-term problems”. 