The Eurovision Song Contest is an international highlight in the TV calendar where millions of viewers around the world enjoy music, often in different languages and from different cultures. Most countries at least get an opportunity to perform in the big finale, with all bar the Big Five which includes the United Kingdom, going through several rounds to fight for their place in the main event. However, Russia hasn't been able to partake in any of the stages and won't be seen in the finale on Saturday, May 14, on BBC One either. In February 2022, Russia declared war on Ukraine, launching a full-scale attack in a bid to take control of its government. The invasion has been heavily condemned internationally from the very beginning with Russian President Vladimir Putin continuing to bomb the far smaller country. As a result, Ukrainian broadcaster UA:PBC asked the Eurovision Broadcasting Union (EBU) to ban Russia from the 2022 competition. Initially, it did not seem as if EBU was going to agree to this as it states that it is a "non-political cultural event". READ MORE: 'Disgusted' BBC Breakfast sparks uproar over Russian news coverage But following mounting pressure from fans, performers and broadcasters, the EBU chose to exclude Russia after all. In a statement, the EBU explained: "The decision reflects concern that, in light of the unprecedented crisis in Ukraine, the inclusion of a Russian entry in this year’s contest would bring the competition into disrepute. "Before making this decision the EBU took time to consult widely among its membership. "The EBU is an apolitical member organization of broadcasters committed to upholding the values of public service. "We remain dedicated to protecting the values of a cultural competition which promotes international exchange and understanding, brings audiences together, celebrates diversity through music and unites Europe on one stage." While this went down well with the majority of the world, the same couldn't be said for Russia itself. Russian state media Channel One, VGTRK and Radio Dom Ostankino, which were part of the EBU, terminated their memberships shortly after. The media platforms later stated that they believed this was an "inappropriate political sacrifice at a music forum that has always emphasized its non-political status". As Russia has been excluded from the competition, Ukraine could be in the running to take home the trophy. DON'T MISS...'White working class lads don't get a look in' GB News guest slams BBC [REACTION]Eurovision 2022 presenters: Who are the hosts? [CAST]UK Eurovision 2022 song: The sweet meaning behind Sam Ryder’s Space... [EXPLAINER] Folk and hip-hop group Kalush Orchestra will be representing Ukraine in the Eurovision Song Contest 2022. The band members are currently splitting their time between preparing for the show and fighting for their country in Kyiv. Bookies have deemed Ukraine this year's favourite to win with 4/1 odds which would be another stride in condemning Russia's actions. This year's winner hasn't been decided just yet though with some other competitors also in the running for the title. Following Ukraine in the betting odds is Italy and the country is hosting the 2022 show in Turin. After winning with rock band Maneskin last year, Betfair has given Italy 4/6 odds on winning the show two times in a row. Meanwhile, Sweden could also be in with a chance with 6/1 and the United Kingdom with 9/1. The Eurovision Song Contest final will air on Saturday, May 14, at 8pm on BBC One.