Four images, leaked to ITV, show the Prime Minister raising a glass of alcohol during a leaving party inside Downing Street in November 2020. The four pictures show Mr Johnson and at least eight others gathered inside one of the rooms of No10, standing behind a table littered with wine bottles and food. At the time it was illegal to hold indoor gatherings with those from a different household, with Britons told to stay at home during the month long second lockdown. The pictures risk reigniting Tory anger over the so-called Party-gate saga in No10 and placing renewed pressure on the Prime Minister. Earlier this year it was thought Mr Johnson was on the brink of a no confidence vote from Conservative backbenchers after claims of lockdown gatherings badly hit the party's popularity among voters. He was given a stay of execution due to the outbreak of the Ukraine war and the delay of the findings in an independent probe into the allegations. Have Your Say: Does Sue Gray's report actually matter anymore?  The long-awaited report into illegal parties in Downing Street, conducted by senior civil servant Sue Gray, is expected any day now. Publication of the investigation was held back in January until after a separate police probe into the claims of rule-breaking was concluded.  The police inquiry saw a total of 83 people receive at least one fixed-penalty notice for attending events over eight separate days. Boris Johnson received just one fine, for his 56th birthday gathering in June 2020. No10 this afternoon said the police saw the picture of Mr Johnson from November 2020, suggesting the Met did not consider it showed evidence of a rule breach. A No10 spokeswoman said: "The Cabinet Office and the Met Police have had access to all information relevant to their investigations, including photographs.  "The Met has concluded their investigation and Sue Gray will publish her report in the coming days, at which point the Prime Minister will address Parliament in full." However, Labour has seized on the new pictures to accuse Mr Johnson of lying to the British public.  The Opposition highlighted the fact the Prime Minister told MPs in the House of Commons last December that there was no illegal gathering inside Downing Street on the date the picture is thought to have been captured. Asked by Labour's Catherine West if there was a party in Downing Street on November 13, Mr Johnson replied: "No, but I'm sure whatever happened, the guidance was followed and the rules were followed at all times." DON'T MISS:Boris braced for hugely damaging Partygate report [INSIGHT]It’s a piece of cake for Boris while Starmer is drowning in beer [COMMENT]Furious Sturgeon rages at 'massive' Tory plot as she BACKS Starmer [UPDATE]  Responding this afternoon, Deputy Labour leader Angela said: "While the British public were making huge sacrifices, Boris Johnson was breaking the law. "Boris Johnson said repeatedly that he knew nothing about law-breaking - there's no doubt now, he lied.  "Boris Johnson made the rules, and then broke them. "The Prime Minister has demeaned his office. The British people deserve better.  "While Labour has a plan for tackling the cost-of-living crisis, Tory MPs are too busy defending the indefensible actions of Boris Johnson." Meanwhile, Liberal Democrat deputy leader Daisy Cooper said the images show Mr Johnson "has taken the British people for fools" as she called for Tories to remove him from office. "It's becoming clearer than ever that Boris Johnson lied to the British people and to Parliament. "Conservative MPs must do their duty and sack this law-breaking Prime Minister. Every day he remains in office will do more damage to public trust and to our democracy."