Ronnie O'Sullivan has revealed he was prepared to walk away from snooker 11 years ago before reigniting his career with the help of a psychiatrist. On Monday, the 46-year-old levelled Stephen Hendry's modern-day record by lifting his seventh World Snooker Championship. O'Sullivan became the oldest champion in the tournament's history, beating Judd Trump 18-13 and securing the £500,000 top prize. The world No 1 was overwhelmed with emotion and shared an embrace with Trump that lasted longer than a minute after their battle. After his latest success, O'Sullivan almost boasts every significant record in snooker, outright or joint, and has now won 39 ranking titles throughout his illustrious career. But he has unbelievably admitted how close he was to calling it a day when he was a 35-year-old because no other players in his age range had found success. O'Sullivan revealed that he was 'ready to quit' snooker in 2011 before working with psychiatrist Steve Peters to redirect his career onto the right path. JUST IN: 'Don't listen to him' John Parrott accuses Ronnie O'Sullivan of lying He said: "I thought at 35 I was done. When I went to see Steve Peters in 2011, I was ready to quit. No other snooker player was winning anything by that sort of age. The Hendrys and [Steve] Davises were on the way down by that age, and I had accepted that was the trend." Since connecting with Peters, O'Sullivan has won four of his five World Championship finals and cemented his legacy as the greatest the sport has ever seen. His latest triumph might mean the most of them all, though, with two of his three children - Ronnie Jr. and Lily O'Sullivan - immediately celebrating with him in Sheffield. READ MORE: WST make decision on punishing O'Sullivan after World Championship win After lifting his record-equalling seventh title, he expressed how 'magic' it felt to celebrate with two of his children and father at the Crucible. "I wasn't sure if I was going to get to another big final like this again," O'Sullivan added. "I wanted them to come if they wanted to. It was fantastic to have them here. It's magic. I am not all in with snooker, and that was a problem this week. I got emotionally involved, and it is hard not to at this tournament. For 11 months, it was sort of holiday time. Win or lose, it did not matter. This was a different beast."