 A video of the royal couple has gone viral on social media after it showed a rare moment of affection between the two. Public displays of affection are strictly banned for royals while on official duties and public engagements.   However, the Duke and Duchess were filmed walking through their hotel in the Bahamas putting on a rare display of sweet affection. The couple were filmed by Jimmy Rex from the United States holding hands as they walked through the lobby of the hotel. The caption to the video read: “This couple staying in the Bahamas had 35 security guards!” The pair were wearing the outfits which they were seen wearing as they left the Bahamas on their plane.   William wore a blue suit with a dark red tie while Kate opted for an 80s inspired yellow floral dress. Royal fans commented on the TikTok video with @Lyndabobs saying: “Lovely to see them holding hands.” Another called them “such a sweet couple” and one other said that it’s “so interesting to see them holding hands, I’ve never seen them doing it in the media”. Quite a few fans commented on Kate’s fashion choice with one joking: “My mom wore that dress to my sister’s wedding 30 years ago.” READ MORE: Kate & William: Inside Adelaide Cottage- 'much better option' for home   Others commented on her beauty and elegance saying: “I would have to take those shoes off…she is so elegant.” The Cambridges embarked on their eight-day royal tour of the Caribbean in March and were greeted with a mixed reception as some criticised the royals for Britain’s colonial past. While on tour, the couple’s three children Prince George, Princess Charlotte, and Prince Louis were cared for by their nanny in the UK. It has been a busy year for the royals with the Thanksgiving service for the Duke of Edinburgh once they returned and the birthdays of Charlotte and Louis. DON'T MISS: Shock poll shows less than HALF of Scots want to keep Royal Family (POLL)Flight attendant shares 'genius' hack to carry extra bag for free (INSIGHT)'I never thought I’d be so poor’ Pensioner shares money saving tips (REVEAL)  The Queen’s ailing health has also seen Prince Charles and Prince William along with other royals such as Princess Anne and the Earl and Countess of Wessex take on more duties. Prince William made an unscheduled visit in place of the Queen to the United Arab Emirates after the death of Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan, the UAE monarch, who passed away on Friday. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge also have a busy calendar with the Platinum Jubilee celebrations coming up next month. 