Manchester United star Jesse Lingard was reportedly ‘unfussed’ when Paul Scholes dobbed him in it last month. The England international barely featured under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. And he’s now expected to leave, with the likes of West Ham and Newcastle linked. Speaking after United were beaten 3-1 by Arsenal last month, Scholes claimed he’d spoken to Lingard about the state of the club. And he then put the England international in hot water by saying the playmaker had described it as a ‘disaster’. "It is an absolute mess," said the former United star. "It is a disaster of a dressing room. I had a quick chat with Jesse the other day and I'm sure he won't mind me saying that the dressing room is just a disaster." Now, the Manchester Evening News say Lingard was ‘unfussed’ at comments made by Scholes. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings It appears he was unfazed because he knows that, come the beginning of next month, he’ll be on the move. United had been expected to give Lingard more chances this term, especially after he dazzled during a loan spell at West Ham last season. Yet the England international spent the majority of the season watching on from the sidelines instead. Lingard was a peripheral figure under Solskjaer prior to the Norwegian losing his job at Old Trafford in November. And Rangnick, perhaps sensing the 29-year-old's mind was elsewhere, then decided to marginalise him further. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Now, Lingard is poised to be playing elsewhere next term. West Ham appear to be frontrunners in the race to land the playmaker, with David Moyes eager to bring him back to the London Stadium. Newcastle can’t be ruled out, either, even if the Toon apparently deem him wage demands to be too high. AC Milan have emerged as an interested party, with the new Serie A champions eager to challenge in the Champions League next season. And links to Inter Milan and Paris Saint-Germain have also arisen, too, as the beginning of the summer transfer window creeps closer. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz New United boss Erik ten Hag had wanted talks with Lingard ahead of moving to Old Trafford. Yet that’s unlikely to happen, with the 29-year-old adamant he won’t play for the Red Devils again. Ten Hag, meanwhile, has admitted he finds the challenge of improving United ‘exciting’ as he looks to make his mark. “I would say the word 'exciting’,” the 52-year-old told club media. “I really look forward to doing this job, at this club with massive history, and we want to restore it where it belongs.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And he added: “I think many [reasons]. “First of all, we want to make the fans proud. Second, of course we are in this moment, the current situation is obviously not that good. “It’s a big challenge. I want to build and construct a team who are battling for each other, who are unified and who will get results. “Also we are playing in the Theatre of Dreams. We want to entertain. But in the end, the intention is to play fantastic football. “If we can’t play fantastic football, we still have to win.”