Max Verstappen’s car has four new parts for the Spanish Grand Prix after the reigning champion suffered issues in qualifying. The FIA has confirmed the team replaced or changed a range of parts under Parc Ferme conditions. However, all these upgrades will not result in any penalties meaning Verstappen will start from the front row. These include the DRS flap pivot points and DRS actuator which are believed to have caused the issue in qualifying. The team have also replaced the rear crash structure cover and forward plank section ahead of the race. Verstappen believed he had suffered a loss of power on his final run in yesterday’s qualifying session. It meant the Dutchman was unable to challenge Charles Leclerc for pole and will start the race from second. READ MORE: Verstappen explains Red Bull setback that may have handed Leclerc pole However, team principal Christian Horner later confirmed the issue was not a power problem and was just a DRS fault. He said: “It wasn't actually power. In the end, it was a DRS that didn't open," Horner explained to Sky Sports. "So obviously we need to get the car back to understand what's caused [it], because it opened on the back straight just as a check as it came back into the pits." But, the issue has forced the team to work on a solution ahead of the race to ensure Verstappen can fight Leclerc for the win. The Dutchman has won the last two races and has closed the gap to just 19 points. Mechanical failures have plagued the team this season with Verstappen already retiring from two races in 2022. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen responds to Ferrari concerns about Red Bull [INSIGHT]Verstappen heads to Spanish GP seeking to repeat F1 feat a second time [ANALYSIS]Max Verstappen wary of Lewis Hamilton repeat in F1 battle with Leclerc [COMMENT] He was lying second in both the Bahrain and Australian Grands Prix meaning he has thrown away at least 36 points already. Verstappen said: “We are starting second tomorrow which we can be happy about but it was a bit of a shame with the last run. “The DRS didn’t open so I backed out and aborted the lap as I was losing a lot of time, three or four tenths. That meant we didn’t get the opportunity to fight for pole, nevertheless, we will give it a good go tomorrow. Ferrari are looking pretty strong so it will be hard to beat them, they did a long run this morning and it looked strong. “Tyre management is going to be really important tomorrow with the heat and you also need overall race pace.”