The declaration of the Somerset Wetlands “super” National Nature Reserve (NNR) by Natural England today will protect 6,140 hectares of precious saltmarsh, heath and wetland habitats. The area is home to nationally significant wildlife populations, such as the skylark, bittern and avocet. The Daily Express Green Britain Needs You campaign has called on the Government and public to make space for nature. Environment Minister Rebecca Pow said: “Today is a landmark moment for nature recovery in Somerset." “A new super National Nature Reserve will not only protect wildlife and help tackle climate change by restoring peatlands and improving habitats, it will provide people with greater opportunities to visit these beautiful wetlands with consequent spin-offs that will benefit the local economy too." “And crucially, this vast project will play an important part in reversing the decline in nature through our Nature Recovery Network, as set out in our ambitious Environment Act.” A study found that the UK is one of the world's most nature-depleted countries, with on average about half its biodiversity left - far below the global average of 75 percent. The site in Somerset will knit together a total of six nature reserves, forming a “super” network of connected spaces for nature. NNR's are legally protected areas afforded the highest conservation protection possible under UK legislation Tony Juniper, Chair of Natural England, said:  “The creation of this very large National Nature Reserve is an important moment for Nature recovery in England." “This is not least because it presents a practical demonstration of what can be done by working in partnership across the landscape at scale to reverse nature’s decline." “Seventy years from the creation of our first National Nature Reserves in England these wonderful places are needed now more than ever, as we face into the challenges of global warming, wildlife decline and reconnecting people with the natural world.” Craig Bennett, chief executive of the Wildlife Trusts said: “Working across whole landscapes is essential to tackling the twin nature and climate crises." "If we are to achieve nature’s recovery, we need to create and restore wild places across the countryside, giving wildlife the chance it so desperately needs to spread and thrive. Natural solutions such wetlands and peat bogs which store carbon are crucial for a healthier future." Today marks a major step forward for this country as a global leader in restoring wildlife and tackling climate change, with the creation of a vast new nature reserve in Somerset. Somerset Wetlands National Nature Reserve spans more than 15,000 acres of precious fen meadows, reedbed and saltmarsh - an area roughly the size of Milton Keynes or Blackpool. It is home to some of our most cherished birds including Skylarks and Avocets, as well as the famous “booming” Bittern now on its way back from the brink of extinction. Not only that, as one of the largest areas of lowland peat in the country it locks in over 11 million tonnes of carbon – equivalent to around 2.5 percent of the UK’s annual emissions – and provides inspiration and leisure opportunities for people who visit. It is a great demonstration of the country’s support for tackling the nature and climate change emergencies - and a huge boost to the Express’s Green Britain campaign. As this paper has rightly pointed out, two-thirds of the public are deeply concerned about the state of the planet and are keen to see meaningful action being taken. The good news is that, as Chair of Natural England, I can see the effort that is going into nation-wide efforts to stop populations of many of our well-known species heading towards disaster and instead ensure they become more abundant. Not only are the public right behind this work, government are leading the way too with new legislation and targets aimed at making sure we avert these wildlife declines by 2030 and protect 30 percent of our land and sea for nature. The key to success is everyone working together – government, business including farmers, charities and local communities – to restore nature at a bigger and better scale than we have done before. Super nature reserves like Somerset where seven organisations have joined forces, knitting together six existing nature reserves are the template for future conservation.Its launch coincides with the 70th anniversary of the creation of the first national nature reserves in England and symbolises a real shift in how we care for nature in this country. While those early years were focused on conserving existing fragments of wildlife and habitat, now we’re restoring nature on a large scale.I’m sure it’s exactly the sort of joined-up, ambitious project that Express readers can get right behind and with summer now upon us there is no better time to get out and enjoy nature.