Following the sudden news of her death at just 60 in 2016, Lucasfilm had to rewrite Carrie Fisher’s role as Princess Leia in Star Wars Episode IX: The Rise of Skywalker. Rumours abounded that she could be recast with Meryl Streep or recreated in CGI. In the end, director JJ Abrams included her with unused footage from The Force Awakens, with her daughter Billie Lourd playing a younger version in a flashback, with her mother’s face digitally added. This wasn’t the first time, with another actress playing young Leia in a Rogue One cameo, with Fisher’s features added in CGI later. Now a new report from Giant Freakin Robot claims the character will return for an upcoming Star Wars Disney+ show. However, their trusted and proven sources haven’t confirmed which one. Nevertheless, there are a few options. Firstly, there’s the Obi-Wan Kenobi miniseries released this month on Disney+, so perhaps it’s Leia as a kid? Other options include Andor, the Rogue One prequel, or The Mandalorian season 3, or even Ahsoka. The latter two take place after Return of the Jedi, just like the flashback in The Rise of Skywalker. Taken with a pinch of salt, Leia’s return certainly is possible if Lourd wanted to stand in for her mother again. Such a move might prove controversial, although Guy Henry playing the late Peter Cushing as Grand Off Tarkin in Rogue One worked pretty well. DON'T MISSStar Wars: Obi-Wan Kenobi series leak ‘reveals Darth Vader rematch’ [DARTH VADER]Indiana Jones 5 casting: Star Wars actress to play female lead [INDIANA JONES 5]Ewan McGregor's Obi-Wan Kenobi ‘has role in Star Wars show Andor’ [OBI-WAN KENOBI] Whatever the case, Lucasfilm are well aware that they can’t endlessly bring back legacy characters. Following the box office disappointment of Alden Ehrenreich’s Solo, in which he played a young version of Harrison Ford’s Han, the studio has edged away from full recasting. Kathleen Kennedy told Vanity Fair this week on the issue: “There should be moments along the way when you learn things. Now it does seem so abundantly clear that we can’t do that.” This explains why Mark Hamill’s performance as young Luke Skywalker in The Mandalorian season 2 was captured, but can they get away with it without Fisher? SOURCE SOURCE