Lorraine Kelly, 62, has spoken about her ITV co-star Kate Garraway’s husband, Derek Draper and given an update on his health in a new interview. The presenter described the news surrounding Covid as “dire,” but said that she tried to include light-hearted features on her show with a focus on kindness during the pandemic. “There weren’t many bits of light in this whole terrible time.” Speaking on the Spinning Plates podcast with Sophie Ellis-Bextor, she discussed how the heartbreaking news of Derek’s hospitalisation really “impacted” her. The daytime TV show presenter explained: “Kate Garraway’s husband was one of the first to get really sick. He’s at home now.” “Thank goodness he’s at home now, surrounded by his family, but it’s going to be a hard road…it’s going to be a hard, hard road. “She’s remarkable.” READ MORE: Jane Fonda cheekily spills who her 'favourite ex-husband' is The Music Gets The Best of Me Singer and podcast host agreed. In April, Kate was absent from Good Morning Britain for a number of days and issued an apology to ITV viewers. She explained that she had to cancel her GMB hosting duties due to an urgent situation at home. Kate took to social media and wrote: “So apologies for my absence from @gmb this last week - had to deal with some “urgents” at home. “But before that managed to get a whole hour dollop of #garrawaysgoodstuff in the bag for you." She added: “Great #feelgood shares from @peterandre & @jamesbaymusic - plus this?! The star didn’t give details as to what the urgent matter was. Kate cares for her husband Derek Draper, 54, at home too. DON'T MISS: Coleen Rooney is 'different mother and wife' after her famous tweet [COMMENT] Emmerdale star Liam Fox shows off fairytale home with co-star wife [INSIGHT] Eva Longoria, 47, bares her braless body at Cannes Film Festival [PICS]  He has been faced with a devastating health battle ever since he was hospitalised with Covid in 2020. Also on the podcast episode, the duo discussed ‘cancel culture’ and Lorraine spoke out about how she feels the phenomenon leaves people afraid to share their opinions in fear of a public backlash. On Spinning Plates,Sophie interviews “busy working women, who also happen to be mothers”. In 2021, Kate Garraway allowed cameras into her home as a documentary was being filmed, Finding Derek. Finding Derek documented his battle with Covid as the family adjusted. She recently opened her doors again in Caring For Derek, as he was welcomed home from hospital.