A Bristol woman has described her parking nightmare, in which "every single car" on her street was given a ticket after markings were resprayed "without notice". Tabitha Read, 33, said parking on Hinton Road "does not meet the needs of residents," who have no other option but to park outside their homes where there are restrictions in place. Ms Read said the parking on the street is restricted to two hours with no return within four hours, which she described as “ridiculous”. She believes there isn’t a need for restrictions as the road has no shops or takeaways. The situation came to a head last weekend when parking boxes on Hinton Road were resprayed without notice, which meant "every single car" on the street was left with a parking ticket, according to Bristol Live. Ms Read said it was "cruel" of Bristol City Council to respray the markings on a Saturday when cars will be parked on the street, adding the situation has caused her a "lot of stress". READ MORE: Drivers furious over sunglasses rule that can land £5,000 fine She said: "I live on Hinton Road, a small residential cul-de-sac just off Fishponds Road. “For some ridiculous reason, we have very restrictive parking rules on our road that mean the majority of the street is only two-hour parking with no return within four hours. "For a street where most of the houses are flats or shared houses this does not meet the needs of the residents who need to park outside their house. “For the whole time I have lived here this rule hasn't been enforced and so residents use the whole street for parking." DON'T MISSDriver solves mystery after receiving multiple unknown parking fines [MYSTERY]Elderly drivers 'put off by the cost' of electric cars despite car ban [INTERESTING]‘Legalised theft’ Driver 'baffled' after he received £100 parking fine [OUTRAGEOUS] Ms Read said she received a parking ticket after getting home from work late one day, and decided to dispute it, claiming the road signs and markings weren't clear. She said she finds it unfair that the council came to the street on a Saturday to respray the markings, and doesn't understand why rules are being enforced "so sporadically". She continued: "Last week the white boxes were resprayed and when we left our house on Saturday every single car on the street had a parking ticket. “The council must have made £500 with this move. To do it on a Saturday when people wouldn't be going to work makes it seem even crueler." She added that the parking situation is a "massive headache," especially with a young baby. She said: "This parking is causing me so much stress. I have got a very new baby so can't be looking for parking on other streets. "I'm also on maternity pay now so this fine has really but a huge strain on my already tight household budget. "I have written to my MP and local councillors because I really feel we should have residents parking on this street." Express.co.uk has reached out to Bristol City Council for comment. Research last year showed that UK councils collect £5,083 every single hour from parking offence penalty charge notices (PCN). In total, UK councils make £45million per year from parking contraventions from a huge 1.3 million fines dished out. The data also found that Islington Council makes almost £30,000 per day from an average of 623 parking tickets per day.