A number of new legislations will hit the UK from this month onwards. The new laws will mean that motorists will have to look out for things such as pavement parking, new clean air zones, and speed monitoring black boxes. Clean air zones: Ultra-Low Emission Zones (ULEZ) will be expanded across the country this year. Several cities in the UK will put the scheme in place on May 30. These include Bolton, Bury, Oldham, Rochdale, Salford, Stockport, Tameside, Trafford, and Wigan. READ MORE: The car brands that hold their value best However, this will only involve coaches, taxis, buses, HGVs, LVGs, and PHVs. A similar rule will also be in place in Sheffield, Bristol, and Newcastle from July 2022. Clean Air Zones and other emissions-based charging systems have grown in popularity in recent months following the successful launch in Bath, Birmingham, and Portsmouth. Jason Longhurst, Strategic Director at the Department of Place at Bradford Council, said: “The Council is meeting with the Government in May where we expect them to give a start date for the CAZ. DON'T MISS Scrapping MOT could lead to 2.9million dangerous cars on UK roads [WARNING] Drivers react to tales of charging woe [INSIGHT] Motorists face frightening ‘perfect storm’ of spiralling costs [REVEAL] “The ANPR camera network is prepared and we have provided grants to Bradford businesses that, so far, have translated into 87 percent of Bradford taxis being compliant along with 317 buses and 20 percent of HGVs in the district being upgraded to meet the CAZ emission requirements. "Cars are unaffected by the Bradford Clean Air Zone and most Bradford businesses will also be unaffected. “An extensive exemptions programme has recently been launched, where Bradford businesses can register with so that they will not have to pay. “Certain businesses based outside the District can also apply for an exemption. “Getting an exemption means that they will not have to pay to drive in the Bradford Clean Air Zone.” The CAZ spanning across Greater Manchester was originally planned to launch on May 31, but has been delayed after talks between the Government and The Greater Manchester Air Quality Administration Committee. A new plan is set to be delivered by July 1, 2022. Red diesel: Red diesel and rebated biofuels will become illegal for most vehicles after 2022. This type of diesel is used mainly for off-road vehicles like cranes and bulldozers. Pavement parking: Parking on the pavement is already illegal in London and the Greater London area. However, the expected changes that will come into effect this year will give local councils across England and Wales the power to issue on-the-spot £70 fines to those who mount the kerb. EV charging: All new properties built in England from 2022, including both commercial buildings and housing, will have to have an EV charging point installed. By installing more charging points the Government hopes to boost the uptake of electric vehicles ahead of the planned ban on the sale of new diesel and petrol cars after 2030. Black boxes: From July 6, 2022, cars will be fitted with speed limiters. This applies to all new cars produced after that date, rather than any current cars on the road. The driver can override the system, but the police can access the data from them in the event of a crash. The box records speed, braking, and steering positions in the lead-up to an accident.