As Queen Elizabeth II completes 70 years on the throne, being the longest reigning monarch, the Commonwealth prepares to celebrate the milestone with numerous events and high-level ceremonies. Meanwhile, in an interview with the French newspaper Le Parisien, a royal expert was asked why he thinks a monarchy offers advantages to its people. Author and royal biographer, Hugo Vickers, spoke to the outlet with praising words for the Queen, acclaiming her for her years of service and stressing the importance of her role. Comparing the system with a republic, he highlighted the importance of clarity on the head of state’s background, which encourages trust in governance. Speaking of the British monarchy, Mr Vickers said: “We have known the royals since birth, which brings stability and trust. “They don't appear fully formed and out of the blue like politicians.” He added: “It is better for the head of state to be separate from the executive. “I think the French - and the Americans - have a secret admiration for our system.” The author, who has met the Queen in person on several occasions, spoke on the importance of her role which extends beyond political barriers. Asked if her presence is symbolic, he responded: “The Queen is above partisan strife so that, from whatever side of the political spectrum, she can be respected as head of state. “Her role as ambassador opens many doors in the world. “So she is not just a symbol.” The Queen’s long reign will be celebrated with an extended four-day bank holiday weekend, from June 2 to June 5. But the 96-year-old monarch herself might not make it to the majestic parade, the Trooping of Colours, and could only be seen on the Buckingham Palace balcony. Mr Vickers stressed that the Queen’s passing will shake the British people, and that all will be different after her reign ends. He said of the upcoming Platinum Jubilee celebrations: “The British will be all the more excited because this Jubilee will probably be the last major public occasion to thank the Queen.”