TUI said the flights would be cancelled due to “ongoing challenges”. Manchester airport have faced chaos in recent days. A spokesperson said: “Due to the amount of on-going disruption in our operation at Manchester Airport, we have made the incredibly difficult decision to cancel six flights a day (43 flights a week), from Tuesday May 31 until Thursday June 30. “All other airports in the UK are planned to operate as normal. “We understand how disappointing this will be for those impacted; however, we believe this is necessary to provide stability and a better customer service at Manchester airport. “We will continue to work closely with all our airport partners and suppliers so we can provide the best possible holiday experience for our customers. READ MORE: BA cancels over 100 flights- full list “Customers affected by the flight cancellations will receive a full refund for their holiday, as well as an extra gesture of goodwill. “Customers impacted in the next 14 days will also receive information on how to apply for compensation in line with regulations. “We would like to reassure our customers that cancellations of this nature are extremely rare and would like to thank them for their patience and understanding. "Britons whose flights are cancelled with less than two weeks notice are entitled to cash compensation." The cancellations come as easyJet and British Airways have also cut flights from their June schedule. easyJet announced it was cutting over 200 flights during the half-term holiday as it struggled to cope with staff shortages. British Airways cancelled over 100 flights from its May 30 schedule but said passengers were given advance notice. Airports and airlines are dealing with extreme staff shortages and have found it difficult to recruit new employees. A Manchester airport spokesperson said: “Over the last few days TUI and its appointed ground handler, Swissport, have experienced significant challenges with their check-in and baggage reclaim operations at Manchester airport. “From extensive discussions with the TUI and Swissport management teams, it is clear that they are experiencing temporary staff shortages, in common with other aviation and travel companies. “Given these challenges, we understand TUI's difficult decision to cancel a number of services over the course of the next month, although we are obviously disappointed to see passengers’ plans disrupted in this way. “We will continue to work with TUI, Swissport and other partners to give passengers the best possible service as the travel sector builds back to full strength after the pandemic. “In the meantime, we continue to advise passengers to arrive three hours before their flight and to be as prepared as they can be for their journey through the airport.” Passengers are entitled to another flight on their intended day of travel if there is one available. This is the case even if the only available flight is on a rival airline. Britons travelling from Bristol airport have also faced disruption while Eurostar passengers were met with queues this morning.