Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta's summer overhaul is set to begin in the coming days, with a new report claiming that Lucas Torreira's permanent switch to Fiorentina is poised to 'accelerate' this week. The 26-year-old has been on loan with the Italian outfit this year after falling out of favour at the Emirates Stadium. The Gunners are in pole position to clinch a top-four finish in the Premier League, but Arteta is still expected to be busy in the transfer market at the end of the season. And while the Spaniard is desperate to bolster his current playing squad ahead of a return to Europe next year, Torreira could be the first of many fringe players to quit north London in the coming months. According to a new report from Corriere Dello Sport, via Sport Witness, Fiorentina are closing in on a €15million (£12.6m) permanent deal for the Arsenal outcast. Torreira has emerged as a 'leader' for the Italian side this term, notching up 33 appearances in all competitions since he joined the club on loan last summer. The report goes on to outline that Fiorentina officials have been thrashing out a deal 'for the past few weeks', with Torreira expected to pen a four-year deal in Italy to bring the curtain down on his Arsenal career. READ MORE: Man Utd fans sing sick Joel Glazer chant at protest before Brentford win Hector Bellerin and Ainsley Maitland-Niles are two other players who have also spent time away from Arsenal on loan this season and could be set for a permanent exit from the Emirates in the summer. Bellerin has impressed back in Spain with Real Betis and even lifted the Copa Del Rey last week, while Maitland-Niles has struggled to break into Jose Mourinho's plans at AS Roma. However, both could be available for the right price in the summer as Arteta bids to raise funds for new recruits. Arsenal are in desperate need of attacking reinforcements with Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah both expected to quit the club as free agents at the end of the season, while Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang was never replaced after quitting the club in the final hours of the January transfer window. DON'T MISS...Incoming Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag pays tribute to late agent RaiolaGarth Crooks says wrong Liverpool player won Footballer of the YearTottenham outcast Steven Bergwijn admits Spurs career could be over Manchester City's in-form Brazilian forward Gabriel Jesus has emerged as a target in recent weeks, with David Ornstein revealing on The Athletic Football Podcast that the club's technical director, Edu, has been in talks with Jesus' representatives for a 'number of months'. And a new report from The Times this week claimed that the Gunners have revived their interest in Inter Milan hotshot Lautaro Martinez. Arsenal were linked with a mega-money move for the 24-year-old last summer, but Inter refused to sell after cashing in on Romelu Lukaku. But with the Italian giants strapped for cash, their stance on Martinez has now softened, with the Gunners mulling over a £70m move for the Argentine star - if they secure their spot in next year's Champions League.