Markle has shaken up the Royal Family since she married Prince Harry, and now she has been tipped to run for President of the United States. The Duchess of Sussex has been welcomed to the Democratic Party by Joe Biden's sister and close adviser Valerie in an exclusive interview on Good Morning Britain. She was also praised as being a contender to run for President of the United States, which had the GMB panel questioning if it was only a matter of time before she did in fact turn to politics. Cutting from a clip of the interview with Valerie Biden Owens, Richard Madeley claimed Meghan has been "positioning herself" for some time to take on a more prominent role. He said: "You can see her positioning herself can't you. I mean it's transparent." Kevin Maguire asked: "In one way, why not? Richard added: "That is a perfectly good question, actually. Read More: 'Couldn’t save him' Will Young addresses decision to throw twin out days before his death  "We are a bit intellectually snobbish, aren't we." Kevin teased: "If we look at the recent president could she be any worse?" Believing it was a "delicious soap opera" Ed Vaizey contributed to the conversation. He added: "It's like a Netflix mini-series. The idea that President Meghan and the first man would return to Britain on a state visit in 15 years time to be received by King William and Queen Kate would be absolutely fabulous."  Ed also suggested she might run for "elected office" either as the "Senator of California" or a "Congresswoman". Co-host Susanna Reid highlighted how she wouldn't be the first media star to step into the role. She described: "We have a former actor become President in Ronald Reagan, we have had a former television star in the form of Donald Trump become President.." With Reagan and former Governor of California Arnold Schwarzenegger, the panel unanimously agreed Meghan's west coast residence would lend itself well to her if she ran for the role. DON’T MISS…'White working class lads don't get a look in' GB News guest slams diverse BBC coverage [LATEST]'Disgusted' BBC Breakfast sparks uproar over Russian news coverage 'Don't want to see [LATEST]'It was a lie!' Susanna Reid skewers Wes Streeting over Angela Rayner row [LATEST]   In the interview with Good Morning Britain's US Correspondent Noel Phillips, Valerie said: "It's wonderful to have women in politics. "The more women we have, the better our democratic system will work. We welcome her to come in and join the democratic party." When asked if she thought Meghan would make a good potential candidate for President one day, Valerie said: "Yes, perhaps of course she will." Viewer @AlfazAdil felt differently and said: "What sorta democracy is this? Celebrities' winning these elections. "End is near"- Aristotle." (sic)   @Debbie55330469 chimed in: "Ed Vaizey, full of his own self importance, like watching paint dry." Rich Cutler found it very funny and said: "It's been a while since I had a belly laugh, it bloody hurts now." "This world really has gone mad," @AndreaC18026289 commented. Good Morning Britain continues weekdays on ITV between 6am and 9am.