The displays, which were said to have cost up to £10,000, were ripped apart on Sloane Street in Chelsea yesterday morning. The shopfront of the American fashion company Ralph Lauren was littered with shrubbery across the pavement. Vandals even pulled down the trousers of a mannequin used in one of the displays. According to MailOnline, a window cleaner in the area said people had destroyed the displays before leaving the scene. He said: "Members of the public destroyed it. They were like animals. "They just destroyed everything. It was like a riot." JUST IN: ‘Good to have you back!’ Royal fans gush as Princess Charlene posts rare pics of children Serena Crawford, a designer from South Africa, also expressed her shock about what had happened to the displays. She told MailOnline it was "extremely unpleasant and devastating". Ms Crawford added: "What are you going to get from those flowers? "Every time you look back it's a reflection of who you are. READ MORE: Meghan Markle could 'pull plug' on Jubilee return after 'bad publicity' in Texas - claim "This is only a tiny minority of people who don't know better." However, reports suggest depictions of the Queen, 96, were left intact. Ms Crawford claimed: "Nobody touched the Queen. "The Queen was somehow sacrosanct." When approached by MailOnline, a spokesperson for the Metropolitan Police said: "We are not aware of any reports made on Sunday May 29. "We are making enquiries and will speak with the stores affected." DON'T MISS:Meghan and Harry 'trying to control' Jubilee narrative after snub [INSIGHT]Prince Harry and Meghan's new TV show 'smacks of desperation' [VIDEO]Prince Andrew broke Philip's memorial plans by escorting Queen [ANALYSIS] Kensington & Chelsea Police have not issued a subsequent statement on Twitter. Chelsea and surrounding areas in west London look set to host a variety of events to mark Her Majesty's 70th year on the British throne. The National Army Museum, which is located on Royal Hospital Road, is marking the historic moment by commissioning a bust of the Queen. Chelsea Theatre will also host the Jubilee Singers on June 3. People can also enjoy a jubilee afternoon tea for £35 per person just a stone's throw away at Harvey Nichols in Knightsbridge on June 1.