Former Bayern Munich defender Jerome Boateng has urged the German giants to pursue a deal for Harry Kane if they lose Robert Lewandowski in the summer. The Poland star could quit the Allianz Arena in the coming weeks, with Barcelona interested in acquiring the veteran striker's services. Lewandowski has evolved into Bayern's talisman since joining the club from Borussia Dortmund back in 2014, plundering 343 goals to establish himself as one of Europe's most potent forwards. However, the 33-year-old - whose contract is set to expire in the summer of 2023 - has refused to commit his future to the club, with Barcelona lurking. And Boateng has urged Bayern to target Tottenham talisman Kane if they do lose the services of Lewandowski in the summer - with Boateng dubbing the England captain as the "complete striker". He told Sky Sports Germany: "Personally, I would try to get Harry Kane [for] Bayern right away. This is my opinion. For me, this is a complete striker who scores goals every day at Tottenham, in a very good but not world-class team. If he plays in a team like Bayern, then I think he's a great replacement at a very good footballing age. That's up to Bayern Munich." READ MORE: Chelsea takeover may have accidentally been confirmed by club sponsor With Tottenham now on the cusp of qualifying for next year's Champions League, it remains to be seen if Kane would be open to a summer exit. The 28-year-old was desperate to quit Spurs last year to challenge for the trophies - but Antonio Conte's arrival has revitalised the north London outfit. If Kane does prove to be unattainable, then Bayern will have to get creative if Lewandowski is prised away from Bavaria. As well as strong interest from Barcelona, Lewandowski is also thought to have suitors across Europe. Although Lewandowski has left some people stunned by angling for an exit from Bayern, Boateng concedes that he wasn't surprised to learn that his former team-mate is seeking a new challenge in the twilight years of his career. DON'T MISSChelsea told they're better off without Christensen after FA Cup snubBarcelona may wreck Chelsea transfer plans again after double Blues dealFour signings Chelsea can make to bridge Liverpool gap He added: "I wasn't surprised. You could see it a bit because of the development. For a player like him, it's legitimate to want to do something new at some point. We all have such thoughts and phases. I think that you can agree on both sides without there having to be a fuss. It's difficult, but now that the summer break is over, there's enough time to find a good solution for both sides. "It is important that both sides are satisfied in the end. As it stands, Robert would like to leave in the summer. Bayern says at the moment: 'No'. That's understandable, but they have plenty of time in the summer to make sure to get replacements. This has happened to other players as well. "Thiago also wanted to go, so it was possible. It would be nice if a solution is found so that both sides are successful: Lewy and Bayern in the future. That's the most important."