Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson’s youngest daughter Princess Beatrice attended the annual garden party at Buckingham Palace on Wednesday alongside the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and the Earl and Countess of Wessex. The Daily Mail’s Richard Eden posted on Twitter: “It’s not often you see Princess Beatrice mentioned in the Court Circular. #royal.”  Royal fans flocked to Twitter to comment on how Princess Beatrice’s increased presence at royal events showed her “loyalty” to her beloved grandmother, the Queen. Cambridge Crown tweeted: “She seems like a new person since she got married. “It would be nice to see her do more for the RF now they are down two & other members getting older.”  Aibrean said: “I like Bea. Her understated wedding, her loyalty to her family & respect for the Queen. “She has a lovely relationship with her stepson too which is important & speaks a lot of her as a person.” Fi posted: “I think she is showing her loyalty to HM￼ which is promising and nice to see!”  READ MORE: 'She looks lovely!' Princess Beatrice wears chic look for garden party Sunshine said: “I hope to see more of her at royal events, she will be a great asset to the RF moving forward.” The royal looked very elegant in a brown and white midi dress from Self Portrait combined with a very stylish headband at the garden party. Beatrice,33, also attended the Queen’s beloved Chelsea Flower Show earlier this week.  DON'T MISS Princess Beatrice's name changed as Queen branded original 'too yuppie' [REVEALED]Royal Family members who have had 'surprising' jobs [INFO]Inside Queen's relationship with five balcony-snubbed grandchildren [EXPLAINER] She occasionally attends public events as a member of the Royal Family. However, she and her sister Eugenie, 31, are private citizens and each have their own careers.  Royal experts suggested the sisters would expand their role in the Royal family after Megxit - but has since been scaled back, due to the lawsuit involving Prince Andrew. However she is expected to make a number of appearances at the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations over the Bank Holiday weekend.  And royal fans hope her baby daughter Sienna, born last September, may be among the great-grandchildren who take part in the momentous occasion.