Manchester United interim boss Ralf Rangnick has backtracked on his claim it could take the Red Devils six years to catch the top teams in the Premier League and has now said they are capable of doing it within a year. Rangnick is set to move into a consultancy role at Old Trafford following the final game of the season to make way for the arrival of new manager Erik ten Hag. “Yes, I strongly believe that and I know that from my own experience,” Rangnick said when asked whether it was possible for United to turn their fortunes around next season. “I developed teams from level four to Champions League and level three to Champions League. “This is obviously different here because United are already in the Premier League and we are a club with high expectations with a big tradition of being successful. But you can only find what you need if you know what you are looking for and you need to know that in advance. “This also depends on how Erik wants to play. If you saw Ajax or his under-23 team at Bayern Munich play then it's pretty obvious how that will be. And for me it's also clear what kind of players he needs to help him to be successful. READ MORE: Liverpool offered Eddie Nketiah transfer advice as Arsenal forward weighs up future “I think it's obvious to everybody for the owners, the board and every supporter we need to increase and raise the level of quality within the squad. And as I said, if you know what you are looking for and how you want to play, then it's a lot easier.” United have suffered a dismal season under Rangnick and their previous boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and have missed out on Champions League qualification by some distance after exiting this season’s top-tier European competition in the round of 16. But the Red Devils hierarchy were said to be unhappy with Rangnick after he previously insisted the 13-time Premier League champions were more than half a decade behind Liverpool. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'have three signings on table' as Erik ten Hag transfer budget revealedNottingham Forest fan Robert Biggs jailed for 24 weeks for Billy Sharp headbuttGabriel Jesus 'decides stance' on Arsenal transfer without Champions League football  “We have to accept they [Liverpool] are six years ahead of us now,” Rangnick said last month. “When Jurgen Klopp came [to Liverpool in 2015] they changed at the club and lifted not just the team but the club and city to a new level. That is what needs to happen with us in the next transfer windows.” United chiefs believe the glory days of yesteryear can be restored to Old Trafford relatively quickly - and Rangnick’s latest comments clearly paint a more rosy picture of how long it could take for Ten Hag to turn the club around. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 