Brits who are eligible to vote will be given the opportunity to help reshape their local authorities and decide who’s responsible in their area for planning issues, housing and rubbish collections. Most results are expected later this week with analysts keen to see if recent events in Downing Street have impacted electoral support for Prime Minister Boris Johnson and his Conservative Party. When you register to vote, you have to submit certain details about yourself such as your name and address. Where you live is important as this will determine which local entities your vote will count towards deciding. For example, if you live within the London borough of Wandsworth, then for these local elections your vote will help to decide which political party will have overall control of its council.  READ MORE: Brexit: 'Beware' Irish newspaper warns of 'darker purpose' Anyone, from England, Wales and Scotland, who’s unsure of which area they're registered to vote in is advised to contact their local Electoral Registration Office. If you don’t know where your local branch is you can find out by visiting Gov.uk and typing your postcode into their search finder. Residents in Northern Ireland are asked to contact the Electoral Office for Northern Ireland (EONI). More information about registration details can be found on the Government’s official website.  You normally only need to register once and not for every election. But you will need to register again if:  DON'T MISS: Tories set to lose nearly 550 seats at local elections [INSIGHT]Dan Wootton slams Labour/Lib Dem pact as ‘a nightmare’ for Brits [WATCH]Gary Neville sparks angry row after savaging ‘idiot’ Nigel Farage [NEWS] To vote in the upcoming local elections, you need to be signed up to the electoral register. Unfortunately, the deadline to do so has now passed, but if you wish to take part in any future polls it’s advised you register as soon as you can. In England, you have to be aged 18 or older, while in Scotland and Wales 16-year-olds and above can vote.  Eligibility rules state you must also be living in the area to vote in any local elections. Anyone with more than one address, including students with different term-time accommodation, may be registered to vote at more than one location, unlike in parliamentary elections. EU or Commonwealth citizens who live in the UK can vote in England, while any foreign citizen lawfully living in Scotland and Wales has the chance to take part in the polls. Many prisoners are not allowed to vote unless on remand or they have been released on licence. 