 Harry H. Corbett was best known for his role as totter Harold in the Galton & Simpson sitcom Steptoe & Son – a show that attracted millions over the years. The star also featured in films like Carry On Screaming, Ladies Who Do and Cover Girl Killer. Corbett's daughter Susannah, who was only 14 when he died, has opened up about the actor's final moments. Susannah was on a school trip when her uncle showed up at the youth hostel she was staying at to break the bad news. Her father had died in hospital – which they found out later was from a heart attack. “He started rubbing his chest but no one knew it was actually a heart attack until it was confirmed at hospital,” Susannah told the Daily Mirror in 2012.  READ MORE: Stroke: Sufferer details his first symptoms - ‘I briefly lost the use of my arm’  A heart attack is caused when the blood supply is blocked from getting to the heart. This can be caused by a buildup of cholesterol and other substances – known as plaque. According to the American Heart Association, one in five that suffer from heart attacks will be brought back into hospital for another heart attack within five years of the first one. Studies have shown this recurrent heart attack is often life-threatening.  One “major” cause of death from heart attacks is the development of an abnormal heartbeat. People who have heart attacks can develop arrhythmias as the result of damage to the heart muscles during a heart attack. The NHS explains that this damage can “disrupt electrical signals that control the heart”.  This can be life-threatening if the heart is blocked because blood cannot pump properly from one side of your heart to the other. The symptoms of a heart attack can vary, but common signs include pain in your chest that doesn’t go away. Another symptom is that the pain from your chest spreads to your arms, neck, jaw, back or stomach, states the Patient.info website. CORRECTION: This article has been amended to remove reference to Harry Corbett, the creator of Sooty, who died in 1989. He had a heart attack in 1975.