Max Verstappen will head into the Monaco Grand Prix this weekend in ominous form having reeled in early Championship leader Charles Leclerc. Despite winning the second race of the season in Saudi Arabia, it had been a frustrating start to the 2022 campaign for the Dutchman, who failed to finish in the races either side of Jeddah, in Bahrain and Australia, as Red Bull struggled with car reliability. After Melbourne, the Monegasque driver seemed in danger of running away with the Championship, a full 46 points ahead of Verstappen. It was then, however, that Verstappen began to find his best form. After winning in Emilia Romagna, during which he lapped 2021 title rival Lewis Hamilton, he delivered a masterclass at the inaugural Miami Grand Prix. It meant the gap was down to 19 points ahead of the Spanish Grand Prix in Barcelona last weekend. It seemed that the Scuderia would hit back though as Leclerc led comfortably early on, with Verstappen having to recover from spinning off the track. However, disaster then struck for the race leader, and Ferrari, when Leclerc was forced out with a power unit problem and the Red Bull man capitalised, overtaking teammate Sergio Perez to again take the chequered flag. JUST IN: Charles Leclerc abruptly shuts down Lewis Hamilton with comment on Mercedes It is only the second time in his career that Verstappen has won three F1 races in a row, a run he'll now be expected to continue to four in Monaco. And statistics shared on Reddit underline the serious shift in momentum that Christian Horner's team have enjoyed over the Italian giants since Australia. The last three races have seen Red Bull accumulate 140 points. That makes concerning reading for Mattia Binotto, whose pairing of Leclerc and the seemingly luckless Sergio Perez, have only managed a total of 65. It's a slide that Ferrari will need to address on Sunday. DON'T MISS:Lewis Hamilton won junior championship 'with broken wrist' and had to race 'one handed'F1 bosses and Monaco in talks as iconic Grand Prix at real risk of being axedSebastian Vettel has brilliant Monaco GP record that could come to an end this weekend The omens favour the new championship leader though, with Verstappen having won there in 2021, ahead of runner-up Sainz. Leclerc was unable to start the race after a bad crash in qualifying. To add to the occasion, fears are growing it could be the last chance drivers get at the iconic circuit. The Automobile Club de Monaco (ACM) has been in ongoing discussions with F1 for several months with the current contract ending after this weekend's race.