The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are returning to Britain from California for the four-day weekend, which is less than two weeks away. Journalist Camilla Tominey said the Royal Family will want the focus on the Queen and not "some sort of Harry and Meghan sideshow" as the nation's longest-reigning monarch celebrates 70 years on the throne. Ms Tominey warned that members of the Royal Family such as the Princess Royal and the Earl and Countess of Wessex could be "overshadowed" by the Sussexes. Speaking in a video for the Telegraph, she said: "You can include the Sussexes but you don't want there to be some sort of Harry and Meghan sideshow going on when the main event must be the Queen. "Equally there will be other members of the Royal Family who are still doing the daily grind who will resent being overshadowed by Harry and Meghan even if they don't admit it. "You're not going to want to have the likes of Princess Anne and the Earl and Countess of Wessex for instance who day in day out plant trees, unveil plaques and go to the opening of royal envelopes only to have the media completely focus on Harry and Meghan who aren't playing a role at all in the so-called family firm." Ms Tominey's comments come as Harry and Meghan are set to travel to the UK for the Platinum Jubilee. It is the first time since Megxit that they have returned from the US with their children. A spokeswoman for the couple said: "Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are excited and honoured to attend The Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations this June with their children." It is not known which elements of the four-day weekend the Sussexes could make an appearance at. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry send California crowd wild as Duchess kisses Duke However, they will not step out on Buckingham Palace's balcony for Trooping the Colour. The Queen has limited the moment to working royals only, meaning Harry and Meghan will miss out. The Jubilee bank holiday weekend will kick off with Trooping the Colour on Thursday, June 2. DON'T MISSRoyal POLL: Should William and Charles welcome Harry back? [POLL]Royal: Sussexes' balcony moment 'blocked by Charles and William' [INSIGHT]Prince Harry: Where is the Duke of Sussex's memoir? [ANALYSIS] Members of the Royal Family will attend a service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral on Friday, June 3. The Party at the Palace pop concert will be held at Buckingham Palace on Saturday, June 4. The celebrations will come to a close with a Jubilee Pageant on Sunday, June 5. The Queen is said to be looking forward to the commemorations in honour of her historic reign. Buckingham Palace has said her presence at the Jubilee events may not be confirmed until the day. The 96-year-old has recently suffered from mobility issues and now rarely carries out engagements outside of royal residences. 