A mattress typically lasts around eight years and Britons will spend two and a half years of those lying on it. So naturally, it can become home for allergens, bed bugs, sweat, pet hairs and even dust mites. In fact, according to experts, the average mattress can hold between 100,000 to up to one million dust mites. Whilst these can be harmless to some, for those who suffer from allergies or asthma, this can trigger mild symptoms such as sneezing, runny noses, congestion or even bring on more severe, chronic symptoms in the worst-case scenario. Most manufacturers recommend that you should clean it at least twice a year. However, Martin Seeley, Mattress Expert and CEO at MattressNextDay explained that there’s no harm in doing it more frequently. He said: “Some users prefer to clean theirs seasonally, roughly once every three months. “Although there’s a common misconception that you don’t need to clean your mattress if you have a mattress protector, this only stops stains, spillages and other substances from ruining your mattress. “It does not make your bed immune from dust mites and other allergens.” Martin has shared some advice on how to clean a mattress. The first step is all about the bedding as it is an excellent habitat for dust mites to live in due to the perfect temperature and high supply of skin flakes. READ MORE: Cleaning tips: How to ‘properly’ remove limescale from taps Martin said: “Firstly, you strip your mattress and wash your bedding once a week and use a hot wash once a month. “This helps to kill off any dust mites that may be in your bedding and prevents them from living in your mattress too.” He also went on to detail an “unknown hack” to “kill off dust mites”. The mattress expert said: “However, there’s also an unknown hack you should be carrying out in-between washes. “As 80 percent of household dust (mites) are made up of your own dead skin, you naturally produce more overnight. “Unfortunately, dust mites love the warmth of your bed, so in the morning, you should pull back your bed covers for 30 minutes and leave them to air and cool down, before you make your bed and this will kill off dust mites.” DON'T MISS: Lawn task you should ‘never’ do - ‘complete waste of time, energy a... [EXPERT]Property tips: ‘Potential issues’ to look out for on house viewings [TIPS]Always use the ‘four P’s’ to stop slugs and snails ‘wreaking havoc’ [COMMENT] Once the bedding has been removed, the mattress should then be vacuumed to “remove dust and debris”. However Martin warned: “You do need to be careful though because heavy-handed vacuuming could damage the ticking or outer covering of your mattress. “This not only compromises the support that the mattress can give you but may also invalidate your guarantee or warranty.” Whilst vacuuming will not remove dust mites, it will remove the “dust and dead skin” that they live on. Martin added: “Use a hand-held vacuum, or soft attachment to give your mattress a quick vacuum when you change your bedding. “Make sure you use an attachment that you never use on your carpets and floors, this will keep your mattress free from any unwanted germs.” Getting stains out as quickly as possible can not only help keep your mattress “looking its best” but also “prevent the build-up of bacterial breeding grounds and unpleasant odours”, according to the mattress guru. The National Bed Federation recommends that, as soon as there’s been a spill, strip the bedding as quickly as possible. If it’s convenient, stand the mattress on its side to prevent any liquid from being absorbed. Martin advised: “For number one and number two-style accidents, the recommended cleaning fluid is a simple mixture of water and a mild detergent. Wipe it away with a solution of cold water and antiseptic. “If your morning orange juice didn’t quite make it to your mouth, most manufacturers recommend using a mattress cleaner or mattress stain remover. “These recommendations apply to milky stains, chocolate stains and even blood. “For oily or greasy stains, the best advice is to use an aerosol grease solvent, rather than its liquid counterpart.” Whether your bed has been providing comfort to someone through an illness, or you want to give your mattress a complete refresh, sanitising your mattress can be a great way to give it a “new lease of life”, according to Martin. He said: “To do this you can use vinegar spray. The acidity in vinegar acts as a superb deterrent against dust mites. “Mixing some with water and a few drops of an essential oil of your choice, will leave your bed smelling fresh. “Plus, it will leave you secure in the knowledge that they’re not going to enjoy the experience. “While vinegar helps repel dust mites, it also breaks down the proteins in their droppings, which are responsible for the allergens that many sleepers react to. “Distilled white vinegar is best and the solution should be sprayed, rather than poured, over the whole mattress.”