Turin will be playing host to this year’s Eurovision Song Contest after the nation won in 2021. Through the week, various nations have been battling it out to earn a place in the grand final this evening (May 14). A total of 40 countries took part in the overall competition with just 25 in the final. Once all the countries have performed in this evening’s grand final, the voting lines will be opened up to the public. The voting numbers for your favourite country or act will be given out during the programme. You can vote for your favourite act only via telephone - either on a landline or a mobile. There is no option to vote either via an app or online with fans needing to call in. READ MORE: Ukraine Eurovision 2022 song: Meaning of Kalush Orchestra's Stefania Those calling from a landline will need to use the long 11-digit number for their country of choice. If you are calling from your mobile, there’s a shorter seven-digit number for your chosen country. Those in the Channel Islands or on the Isle of Man are advised to call from a landline to avoid higher mobile phone charges, according to the BBC. As per Eurovision rules, viewers cannot vote for their own nation - so if you are British, you can’t vote for the UK. Any votes cast by UK-based fans for the UK will not count and you may still be charged. The BBC urges viewers to dial carefully when voting with those aged under 16 needing to seek permission from the bill payer before calling in. The Eurovision winner will be announced at the end of the competition once all the votes have been collected from all the competing nations. These public votes will be added to the professional jury votes from each country. A combination of the public televotes and jury scores will determine the winner of this year’s contest. The professional jury for each country is made up of five people including one who is the chair. Each member of the jury is a music industry professional and a national in their particular country. Every nation’s jury will be handing out scores of one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, 10 and 12 to the acts they deem to have the best song. DON'T MISS...Antiques Road Trip’s Natasha Raskin Sharp on how she nearly lost role [INTERIVEW]'It was a lie!' Susanna Reid skewers Wes Streeting over Angela Rayner [VIDEO]Coronation Street theory: Tim Metcalfe gets devastating health update [INSIGHT] Similarly, scores of one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, 10 and 12 will be given from the public vote based on the amount of votes for each act. This means, the act with the highest votes will be given 12 points and the second-highest number of votes will be given 10 points, and so on and so forth. The Eurovision voting system was revamped in 2016 to add a new layer of excitement to the competition with the jury and public votes only combined at the end. This meant there was great suspense when it came to announcing the winner with the jury panel scores sometimes differing hugely from the public votes. The Eurovision Song Contest grand final will air on BBC One on tonight at 8pm