Birmingham City are reportedly set to target former Chelsea star Diego Costa, in the hopes of forming a frightening striker partnership between the Spaniard and Troy Deeney. The Championship side are undergoing a takeover battle, with the club's Chinese owners ready to hand over control. According to the Mirror, one of those interested parties is former Barcelona and AC Milan star Maxi Lopez. The Argentine has teamed up with lifelong Birmingham fan Paul Richardson in a bid to take over on a two-year management deal. Lopez is said to be keen to see Blues have a team with a 'better blend' of youth and experience going forward, after a disappoiting campaign that saw them finish 20th in the second tier. And to do that, the 38-year-old has 'drawn up' a list of players to target if his bid is successful. It is claimed that on that list is Costa, who is currently a free agent after leaving Brazilian side Atletico Mineiro in January. He had helped them to win the domestic double after scoring four goals in 15 appearances, but opted to terminate his contract at the Estádio Governador Magalhães Pinto. READ MORE: Birmingham brace for Bellingham repeat as Premier League watches Hall If Birmingham were successful in signing Costa, it would create a formidable striker partnership between him and Deeney. The Englishman joined his boyhood club last summer and scored four goals in the campaign just gone. Costa previously spent three years in England, playing for Chelsea in the Premier League. He scored 59 goals in 120 appearances for the Blues, winning the title and the League Cup in the process, before returning to Atletico Madrid. DON'T MISS: Unsupportable Guardiola; Goodbye Nketiah; Ayling fortunes (ANALYSIS)Tuchel needs to avoid repeating Chelsea 'mistake' to secure FA Cup win (INSIGHT)Chelsea flop Romelu Lukaku ‘planning crunch talks’ with Thomas Tuchel (NEWS) Having failed to win any of the last eight games of the season, it is also stated that Lopez could consider Lee Bowyer's position as manager. Given his close ties to South America, it is said a 'number' of former stars from that continent are interested in coaching roles at Birmingham. Birmingham's move for Costa rests on Lopez winning the race to take over at St Andrews though. It is stated his consortium at battling against at least two other groups to buy a stake from the current Chinese owners, one of which is led by former Rangers director Donald Muir, who is preparing a £32million buy-out.