Social media pictures and video showed a fire near an Aldi in Northdown Road, Margate, at around 7.15pm. The incident is believed to be a fire inside a flat at Sandhurst Place junction. One local Twitter account, Kent 999’s, shared an air ambulance has landed in Margate following the incident. They reported the ambulance is believed to have been called out in connection with the flat fire. Kent Fire and Rescue told Express.co.uk: “Kent Fire and Rescue Service was called to reports of a fire at a flat in Sandhurst Place, Margate.  “Four fire engines were sent to the scene and crews wearing breathing apparatus worked to extinguish the flames. “Firefighters also used a smoke curtain to stop the fire from spreading. “One man was treated by crews for suspected smoke inhalation, before being passed into the care of SECAmb. “Officers from Kent Police also attended. The cause is yet to be established.” Detailing the incident, Kent Fire and Rescue added they were called out at 6.32pm, with the incident ending at 7.50pm. It was a dual operation alongside Kent Police and South East Coast Ambulance Service (SECAmb). Equipment used included breathing apparatus, oxygen therapy, a high-pressure hose reel jet, and a positive pressure ventilation fan. Kent 999’s said at 8.29pm: “A man has been treated for suspected smoke inhalation at a flat fire in Sandhurst Place, Northdown Road, which started around 6:30pm today. “KFRS say the cause is yet to be established. Unconfirmed social media reports claim that the fire was started deliberately.” In a separate incident on Thursday, a fire broke out at a commercial property in Whitstable Harbour. Ten fire engines and a height vehicle were in attendance at 1.34pm, with the fire service adding at 9pm they remained at the scene. They said at 9pm: “Kent Fire and Rescue Service remains at the scene, however operations have been scaled back to three fire engines and crews are turning over and damping down.” At 9am on Friday, they said: “Two fire engines are in attendance and demolition work is due to commence this morning.” At 12.03pm, they added: “Three fire engines remain at the scene of a fire at a former cockle shed in Whitstable Harbour, where crews are assisting with demolition. “The building was completely destroyed by the blaze and some damage was caused to a neighbouring restaurant, but crews worked to stop the flames from spreading further. “No casualties were reported and an investigation into the cause is underway.”