The GB News broadcasters clashed over their differing opinions surrounding the issue, which has come to the forefront of conversation in light of claims of a misogynistic culture within parliament. Eamonn Holmes argued alcoholic venues should be removed, while Isabel Webster hit back to say Members of Parliament shouldn't be "treated like children".  Kevin Craig, expert in political communications, crisis management, and corporate communications, talked about how people had called for parliament to become dry. "I'm telling you, Kevin, the television industry, if you go back to the 1980s, every TV company, BBC and ITV - had a bar," Eamonn recalled. "And if they didn't have a bar, they had a bar right outside the front door, and drink was part of the culture. "Now, I can sit and recount - I'm okay with it, I'm a non-drinker - but I was okay with it and I also watched people drunk and I knew their habits. READ MORE: Ozark showrunner addresses hopes for spin-off as fans slam ending "People like me were expected to pull up the slack and work while the rest of them were sleeping it off! "So they took it out of television, you won't even be aware of it -" Isabel tried to make a counterpoint by stating: "But my response to that is -" Eamonn interrupted to continue: "My point is you take it out, you get rid of the problem." "No," Isabel disagreed. "I think you're just treating everybody like children. "I mean, if people can't drink responsibly, take them out of the situation! "Come on, are we really saying you have to have a dry parliament?" "Not dry," Kevin commented, "but -" Eamonn once again cut in to ask: "Well, why shouldn't you have a dry parliament?" DON'T MISS... 'Who are you fooling?' Eamonn Holmes slams Johnson's Ukraine speech [VIDEO]Ruth Langsford opens up on criticism from husband Eamonn Holmes [LATEST]The Repair Shop's Jay Blades admits he had doubts over new series [EXCLUSIVE]  "You have lots of functions," Isabel pointed out. "Perhaps people come in to get awards or whatever, they go to-" "I don't really understand why -" Eamonn began, before Isabel cut in to point out: "But you're saying there's no drinks allowed anywhere in parliament!" "Well, you're saying that if there's a function you set up for the function, that's a different thing, you go outside to drink," Eamonn explained. "But I think it's rather weird in today's society that you have a workplace that has got four, five, six bars."  "But it's not a normal workplace," Isabel remarked. "It's not a nine to five office, it's somewhere where people are voting up until late in the night." "They live away from home, they do long unsociable hours, the temptation is there," Eamonn continued. "Right," Isabel stated. "So people can't be trusted t work away from home? In this day and age, if these MPs have to behave inappropriately then make them stay at home and Zoom in if that's the world we live in. "I just don't understand why we have to accommodate and come down to the lowest bar. I don't get it." Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel airs weekdays from 6am on GB News.