Silver jewellery will naturally tarnish over time, causing the items to appear much duller than first bought and, in some cases, develop a goldish or greeny-black layer on top. Silver is one of the most popular metals used for jewellery and it usually comes in two forms; silver plate and solid sterling silver. These metals tend to be made up of part silver and part copper, and it’s usually the copper that causes the tarnishing to occur. The thin layer or corrosion described as tarnishing takes place when the silver reacts with the oxygen and sulphur in the atmosphere and actually works as a form of protection for the inner layers of metal. Silver tarnishes quicker in more humid climates or areas with higher levels of air pollution, but this chemical reaction can also be exacerbated by things like moisturisers, chlorine, hairspray, and even pH unbalanced skin. As tarnished jewellery appears to be pretty much inescapable, it’s important to know just how to clean your jewellery up when it starts to develop. Luckily, there are multiple fast and easy ways to do this without taking it to a professional, and Express.co.uk has compiled five of them.  READ MORE: 'Will help prevent colour fading': 27p method for your laundry  Battle stubborn tarnishing with a homemade baking soda paste. The process of making this is super easy and has a fast turnaround time. All you need to do is mix four tablespoons of baking soda with two tablespoons of lukewarm water into a thick paste. Next, apply it to the tarnished areas using a damp cloth and leave it to sit for around two to three minutes. When the time is up, rub the solution away with a damp cloth and buff it dry. Try not to rub it too hard to avoid scratching the surface. You wouldn’t believe this one, but toothpaste is an incredibly effective cleaner for silver jewellery.  For those times you forget to wear rubber gloves when bleaching the kitchen to general wear and tear, toothpaste is one of the simplest ways to clean jewellery. However, it’s key to ensure you’re not using an abrasive paste or one that includes tartar control or whitening agents. Simply squeeze a small amount onto a soft cloth or tissue and rub the tarnished areas in circular motions. Leave this to sit for roughly five minutes before rinsing the paste off with water - then prepare to be amazed. Strangely enough, ketchup is another much-recommended item to use to clean up tarnished jewellery. This is because it contains acetic acid, also known as vinegar. DON'T MISS: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easiest’ way to clean washing machine drawers [ANALYSIS]Mrs Hinch fans share how to clean patio tiles including 99p hack [INSIGHT]How to clean an oven rack properly with baking soda [EXPLAINED]     This is a good method if you’re only needing to clean a few items, but squeeze a few drops of ketchup onto a cloth and rub it over the tarnished areas. For better results, it’s advised to leave this solution on the items for around 15 minutes before rinsing it off with lukewarm water. Another easy hack for cleaning silver jewellery is the kitchen foil method. Simply fill a bowl with hot water, add a tablespoon of salt then stir it until it fully dissolves. Next, add a few strips of aluminium foil to the bowl along with your silver jewellery and let it sit for a couple of minutes.  Finally, remove your jewellery and rinse it with water. You might need to repeat this process a few times for the best results, but it’s known to work wonders. This method is not recommended for antique silver jewellery, but for more general items, it’s a good solution. To brighten up your pieces, prepare a solution using one part clear ammonia to two parts warm water. Mix this up then let your jewellery soak in the solution for around 10 minutes. Once the time is up, take the pieces out of the bowl and wipe clean with a soft cotton cloth. 