Tom Parker Bowles, the son of Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, has written an article in Town and Country Magazine about the royal kitchens at Windsor Castle. The British food writer had a conversation with the head chef at Windsor Castle who described his workplace as, "one of the greatest kitchens in the world". Mr Parker Bowles described a conversation with Mark Flanagan, who is Royal Chef to Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II.  Mark spoke about the royal kitchens in Windsor Castle, he said that “history is everywhere here". He added: “It’s so inspiring to work in such a beautiful place.” Mr Flanagan then said that "Her Majesty loves to have her dinner menu in French". The head chef then added that if he gets "an accent wrong or mix up the masculine and feminine on the menus I send up for her approval, she’ll let me know". READ MORE: 'Cringe de la cringe' Harry mocked for wearing ‘girl dad’ T-shirt  He added: "Her Majesty misses nothing!" Menus are traditionally written in French at Windsor Castle, a tradition stretching back many centuries. However, one of the few menus written in English was the one for the Queen's Diamond Jubilee lunch. This was simply a decision “to make life easier”, Mr Flanagan added. The kitchens at Windsor Castle can easily fit up to 30 chefs at one time. DON'T MISS Queen has 'no option' but to step down after State Opening absence [INSIGHT] Kate sends 'beautiful keepsake' to young cancer survivor [REPORT]Prince Harry and Meghan Markle pick place to stay for UK return [REVEAL]  The location of the kitchen is close to St George’s Hall, home to state banquets. Mr Parker Bowles described how game has always played a central role in the royal kitchen at Windsor Castle. He said there will be "grouse and red deer, in season, that comes from Balmoral". He added: "There is also pheasant and partridge from Sandringham, and more pheasant from Windsor, too." The food writer added that the royal estates make their own jams and have plenty of honey from the hives at Buckingham Palace. Mr Parker Bowles said: "Milk and dairy come from the royal herd in Windsor. "Eggs from their own flocks, and there is even a cream cheese, made for Her Majesty’s exclusive use." 