  Frank Skinner, 65, has opened up about his past “racist, sexist and homophobic” behaviour, explaining that he has since “evolved”. The comedian has owned up to the offensive language he used to use in the 1970’s, and thinks “the future is going to be a lot better”.      Frank has admitted he feels “ok” about his use of offensive language in his younger years because he has moved on from that now. The comedian discussed his past in an honest moment at the Hay Festival in Powys, Wales. He shared: “I’ll be straight with you now, I grew up in the West Midlands in the ‘60s and ‘70s. “I used racist language, I was sexist, I was homophobic. I completely own up to that. READ MORE: Paul O'Grady emotional after being forced to return his foster dog     “I have evolved and that’s a good thing. “When I look back, I’m ok with that.” Frank was raised on a council estate in working class Oldbury, West Midlands, during the 1970s, which was a decade of economic decline and social unrest in the UK. Back then, it was widely accepted that negative language surrounding sexuality, gender and ethnicity was the norm - and Frank was no exception to that.      However, the comedian has since turned a corner, and explained how he sees a brighter future for his 10-year-old son. Frank’s son Buzz is the comedian's only child with long-term partner Cath Mason. He said: “My kid, I can learn from him. He’s fine with gender politics, he’s fine with race. “He doesn’t even question it. We talk about those things. The future is going to be a lot better.” READ MORE... John Cleese accuses BBC of 'deceptive' and 'dishonest' interview [LATEST] Dan Walker's father-in-law unimpressed at Champions League final [NEWS] Catherine Zeta-Jones' emotional tribute as son Dylan, 21, graduates [NEWS]      Frank is an English comedian, actor, presenter and writer. He won Best Comedy Entertainment Personality back in 2001 at the British Comedy Awards. He appeared on Fantasy Football League from 1994 to 2004 and The Frank Skinner Show from 1995 to 2005 He has also teamed up with David Baddiel for Baddiel and Skinner Unplanned from 2000 to 2005. Frank and David provided vocals and wrote the lyrics for Three Lions, the official song in collaboration with Liverpudlian indie band, The Lightning Seeds, to mark the England national football team's participation in the 1996 European Championship.       Frank also presented popular quiz show Room 101 from 2012 to 2018, which saw people compete to hypothetically rid the world of all the things they disliked the most. The comedian has also hosted The Frank Skinner Show on Absolute Radio since 2009. The Hay Festival of Literature and Arts is an annual literature festival held in Hay-on-Wye, Powys, Wales, for 10 days from May to June. Find out more about the Hay Festival here.  