In the courtyard of Windsor Castle, the 96-year-old monarch was presented with a rare Karabakh horse as a gift from President Ilham Aliyev. The Queen was pictured smiling and clutching a walking stick, as she met with representatives of the Equestrian Federation of Azerbaijan. Alongside the horse, named Shohrat which means ‘Glory’, the sovereign was also the recipient of two equestrian-themed sculptures made by Azerbaijani sculptor Faiq Hajiyev. The monarch received the presents from the President after his country was invited to perform at the recent Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The Queen, who has a lifelong passion for all things equestrian, described the gesture as being “very kind, very generous.” The Karabakh horse is native to Azerbaijan and is used for endurance events and races.  Royal fans took to Twitter to express their delight at how “happy” the Queen appeared upon receipt of her horse-themed gifts. One user, @JenCarsonTaylor, wrote: “What a beauty! What generous and gracious gifts from President Aliyev. Absolutely splendid to honour the Queen in this way. “Also amazing she is out and about after such a long evening. She looks so happy and that makes us happy.”  @19Hope60 added: “What a magnificent animal+beautiful sculptures! What better gifts for our Queen? Those Azeri horsemen+women and also the Omani riders were absolutely phenomenal to watch last night. “Incredible horsemanship. No wonder HM looked so delighted with the spectacle!” A third, called Samantha, chimed in with: “It is so wonderful to see HMQ enjoying her guests and the start of her #PlatinumJubilee. I hope she stays rested and as fit as possible!” One more, called Margaret Wilcox, wrote: “Oh WOW!!! What an absolutely beautiful horse. So lovely to see our Queen looking so happy and well.” The monarch was pictured watching A Gallop Through History, on Sunday – just one day before these photos were taken. DON'T MISSSpain's former King set to return for first time in two years [REPORT] Queen 'insists' on being 'unaided' during today's appearance [INSIGHT]Prince Charles and Camilla touchdown in Newfoundland for Canada tour [PICTURES] The horse-themed event was attended by celebrity names including Tom Cruise and Dame Helen Mirren. The event is traditionally a staple in the Queen's calendar, and this year it was made all the more poignant as it featured a tribute to her late husband Prince Philip. The couple's granddaughter Lady Louise Windsor drove her late grandfather's carriage around the arena, nodding to her and the Duke of Edinburgh's shared love of carriage driving. The Queen watched on proudly as the 18-year-old daughter of Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex, took part in the procession to mark the finale of the event.  The monarch also made a surprise visit to Paddington Station on Tuesday, to officially open the Elizabeth line with her youngest son Prince Edward. The 96-year-old was photographed picking up a limited edition Elizabeth line Oyster card and unveiling a plaque to commemorate the occasion. She was pictured wearing a matching yellow hat and coat while holding a walking stick and smiling warmly. The sovereign spent ten minutes in the station before leaving in a lift. She did not join Edward to make a return trip of the line from Paddington to Tottenham Court Road. 