Sir David Jason, 82, said Queen Elizabeth has set the “standard of what Great Britain stands for” when he joined the star-studded line-up for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations at the Royal Windsor Horse Show on Sunday night. The actor accompanied the likes of Dame Kelly Holmes, Ant and Dec and Dame Maureen Lipman for a segment which discussed what the Queen means to them.Appearing in an opulent room, David proclaimed that the Queen is a “wonderful woman” and praised her for 70 years of service.The Only Fools and Horses star said: “[The Queen] is the sort of standard of what Great Britain stands for.”Speaking over clips of Her Majesty attending her father George VI’s funeral aged 25, David continued: “To take on the responsibility that was handed to her on her father’s death was tremendous. READ MORE:Michael Douglas' son Cameron made emotional confession on family “How many people that age do you know that could do anywhere near what was expected of her.“She showed such metal...a wonderful woman.”The actor then commended the Queen for the dedication she has shown throughout her reign.He applauded: “She is an example to us all about how you can be dedicated to something. “Whether it is your job, to life, to your religion, to whatever. DON'T MISSBritain's Got Talent's Alesha Dixon bares bra in racy outfit[PICTURES]Dennis Waterman's cause of death given after secret two-year battle[INSIGHT]Fern Britton inundated with messages over prediction about the Queen[LATEST] Possibly the most surprising was Tom Cruise who introduced the King's Troop, Royal Horse Artillery.Speaking on stage, the Top Gun actor said it was a “privilege” to be asked to take part in The Queen’s celebrations and gushed that he has “great respect” for the monarch.He said: “It’s a real privilege. I was just very honoured [when I was asked to be part of the Jubilee celebrations].  “She’s just a woman that I greatly admire. I think she is someone who has tremendous dignity and I admire her devotion. “What she has accomplished has been historic.” Phillip Schofield and Julie Etchingham hosted the live ITV broadcast. Other guests included Lord Andrew Lloyd Webber, Ant and Dec, Dame Joan Collins, Alan Titchmarsh, Moira Stuart and Sir Trevor McDonald. The Queen's Platinum Jubilee Celebration is available to watch on ITV Hub.