The legendary BBC broadcaster was admittedly left confused when friends expressed how his skin glowed and he had a healthy look about him. David Hamilton has since explained he has been diagnosed with a rare form of blood cancer. Unbeknownst to the radio legend, he had in fact been living with cancer. The veteran DJ explained he has been diagnosed polycythaemia vera - a rare type of blood cancer. Symptoms of the condition can include itchy skin, headaches, blurred vision, red skin and tiredness according to the NHS. David, who is best known for his presenting gigs on BBC Radio 1 and 2 as well as Top of the Pops, was in fact suffering from an unusual cancer. READ MORE: Hairy Bikers star Dave Myers undergoes chemotherapy amid illness The 83-year-old admitted he was "caught on the hop" by his diagnosis after suffering no other signs of illness. He only became concerned when he began urinating blood one day and was referred to a specialist by his doctor that he was diagnosed with polycythaemia vera. The rare condition causes the body to overproduce red blood cells, causing the skin to develop a "very rosy complexion". He explained: “I didn’t have any other indications, such as dizziness or tiredness, and that’s why the diagnosis caught me on the hop. When my GP sent me to St Luke’s, I said to my wife, ‘What am I doing here, I don’t have cancer?’.  “I was feeling perfectly fine, except for I was peeing blood, which is always a worry, but that could have been due to an infection. “They told me I had too many red blood cells, and I was at risk of a heart attack or a stroke. They said the condition is called polycythaemia vera, and I needed to have treatment and have blood taken, to get my red cells down to a safe level." He went on: “The word ‘cancer’ freaks everybody out. But my consultant said to put it in perspective, ‘if you're going to have cancer, this is the best cancer you could possibly have’. That was very comforting. “Too many red blood cells gives you a very rosy complexion, so it looks like you've got a suntan. So everybody who sees me says how well I look!” DON'T MISS... Holby City star Rosie Marcel rushed to hospital for surgery[LATEST]Britney Spears, 40, sparks frenzy as she goes completely NAKED[PICTURES]Amber Heard claims Johnny Depp cheated 'right after' their wedding[TRIAL] David, who lives in Sussex with his wife Dreena, continues to present a lunchtime show on Boom Radio radio six times a week despite his diagnosis. He began taking chemotherapy pills to treat the incurable condition over but is awaiting confirmation from his consultant if he requires further treatment. “At the end of that six-week period, I went back to the hospital and they said my red blood cells were unfortunately still above the safe level so I needed to go back and give more blood," David explained. “My spirit sank as it had been quite tough going as my veins weren’t so clear and obvious.” The veteran broadcaster said his wife has been his support system during his health concerns. He commented: “My wife Dreena has been fantastic, I think it was a very good career move of mine to marry someone who was an ex nurse!" “The diagnosis came like a bolt out of the blue. I’ve had 83 years of the most wonderful health. But I'm on top of it now and I live with it and I know I can handle it. It’s a condition you can live with for years." David’s consultant also advised him to cut down on alcohol and red meat, and exercise more, so he continues to walk his dog everyday and plans on swimming in the summer. He also continued to present his six-times-a-week radio show on Boom Radio - a UK-wide national radio station principally aimed at Baby Boomers aged 60-75 years old. David, who began his career in TV and radio nearly 60 years ago, is the oldest person in the UK to be presenting a daily lunchtime radio programme. Catch David weekday lunchtimes 12-2 on Boom Radio www.boomradiouk.com/david-hamilton/ 