According to a study conducted by the National Institutes of Health preeclampsia raises a woman’s risk of a heart attack by 63 percent. The findings have been published in the Journal of the American College of Cardiology and researchers believe they could prove useful in helping to improve care for women during and after pregnancy. Author of the study Dr Jennifer Stuart said: “Women with a history of gestational hypertension or preeclampsia should be informed that they have an increased risk for cardiovascular disease.” In the past Dr Stuart said “women and their health providers have lacked clear direction on what to do in the intervening years between delivery of a hypertensive pregnancy and the onset of cardiovascular disease”. READ MORE: Visceral fat: A 'brisk' 30 minute walk a day can help reduce waist circumference Meanwhile, preeclampsia can cause other symptoms as well as high blood pressure including:• Severe headaches• Vision problems• Pain just below the ribs• Vomiting• Sudden swelling of the face, hands, or feet. It is recommended by the NHS an individual should contact their GP if they experience any of the symptoms of preeclampsia. With regard to treatment the NHS says: “Preeclampsia can only be cured by delivering the baby. “If you have preeclampsia, you’ll be closely monitored until it’s possible to deliver the baby.” However, one study, published in The National Library of Medicine, suggests vitamin D could be used as a potential treatment for alleviating the effects of preeclampsia. The study says there is a link between women with low levels of vitamin D and those who go on to develop preeclampsia. Furthermore, the study says research has shown vitamin D could have a protective effect against recurrent preeclampsia. Vitamin D’s role during pregnancy is to help with a baby’s bone growth and to ensure they grow in the correct way. The NHS too recommends a vitamin D supplement during pregnancy as it regulates calcium and phosphate in the body. The specific dosage recommended by the health provider is 10 micrograms. As well as supplements, vitamin D can be obtained through exposure to the sun and through certain foods such as:• Salmon• Mackerel• Herring• Sardines• Eggs• Red meat. It is possible to get vitamin supplements free of charge on the NHS if a person qualifies for the Healthy Start scheme