Whether you're going on a long holiday or are a maximalist, packing a suitcase while keeping in line with luggage restrictions can be a headache. According to Adam Ewart, founder and CEO of Send My Bag, holidaymakers are often caught out simply by packing items they don't necessarily need. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: "The biggest waste of space in suitcases comes from all the items you think you might need. "We estimate up to 30 percent of items packed in luggage are never used. "Our top tip is to ditch the maybes and only bring what you know you definitely need." In order to efficiently pack, Mr Ewart recommended taking some time to plan ahead. READ MORE: 'Common sense' hand luggage 'hack' to speed through security Before you begin packing, it is a good idea to double-check both the luggage size and weight restrictions in place for your specific airline. Next, it's time to decide what is essential, and what is not. Mr Ewart said: "If you're not sure where to start, a good first step is to plan what you're going to wear in advance, actually lay it out. "Never flick through your wardrobe picking out and packing the items as you come across them, this increases the chances of packing items which are too similar and items that may not even fit with your plans." DON'T MISSFlight attendant shares ‘life-changing’ packing tip [INSIGHT]Suitcase packing: The 'folding' method to 'carry more' in your bag [COMMENT]‘Absolutely breathtaking!’ Full list of Wales’ best beaches [REPORT] If you are struggling to decide which items to pack, Mr Ewart recommended opting for those which can be worn for multiple occasions. He said: "Consider travelling with items that have duplicate purposes, rather than packing pyjamas, shorts or t-shirts used in bed could also be used for travel or for a workout. "If you're staying with stay friends, at a rented apartment, or if there's a laundromat near your hotel, consider taking less and washing clothes while you're away." Mr Ewart pointed out that although you will likely need toiletries while travelling, they aren't always essential when it comes to packing. He explained: "Toiletries can be heavy and even basic hotels tend to supply body wash and shampoo these days. "If you're not fussy about what you use, call ahead and check if your accommodation provides shower gel and shampoo. "If you're going to rented accommodation buying bulky toiletries when you arrive may also be better value than excess weight. "If you're now not bringing toiletries over the max hand luggage bottle size of 100ml this may even help you ditch the checked bag and go hand luggage only."