Rattan furniture is all the rage at the moment, providing a stylish addition to your garden perfect for long summer days. However, because of the construction technique used to make rattan furniture, there are lots of nooks and crannies where dirt can collect making it difficult to thoroughly clean. With the help of some everyday household items, though, you can help your garden furniture to last "for years to come". According to experts from The Spruce, the only tools you will need to tackle your furniture are a duster, soft clothes, a vacuum cleaner, and a toothbrush. The experts said: "Since rattan can become brittle or damaged when exposed to heat or moisture, a bit of care will keep the material clean and dust-free so it will last for years to come." READ MORE: Easy ways to get rid of garden pests including rats and caterpillars Remove dust using a vacuum cleaner or duster To begin, use a microfibre duster or a vacuum cleaner with an upholstery brush to dust the entire surface of your rattan furniture. This will help to loosen any debris which may have built up in the weaving. For a stubborn build-up of dust, The Spruce advised using "a soft-bristled toothbrush to remove dust build-up in corners". If your furniture has cushions attached, be sure to clean underneath. DON'T MISSHow to get rid of slugs in gardens - ‘inexpensive’ and easy’ [EXPLAINER]Always use the ‘four P’s’ to stop slugs and snails ‘wreaking havoc’ [COMMENT]'It's important': Correct 'moment' to deadhead plants [INSIGHT] How to clean your rattan furniture Remove dust using a vacuum cleaner or duster To begin, use a microfibre duster or a vacuum cleaner with an upholstery brush to dust the entire surface of your rattan furniture. This will help to loosen any debris which may have built up in the weaving. For a stubborn build-up of dust, The Spruce advised using "a soft-bristled toothbrush to remove dust build-up in corners". If your furniture has cushions attached, be sure to clean underneath. If you notice any food, drink or mud stains on your rattan, you should tackle these as soon as possible. The Spruce said: "Do not try to rub away these stains because that will push the matter deeper into the woven fibres." Instead, use a toothbrush to help loosen any solids or other stains that have dried onto the rattan. Then, dampen a microfibre cloth with water and one drop of dish soap. Wipe down the stained area, and follow up with a fresh damp cloth before allowing it to air dry. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea According to the experts, you should check your furniture for any splits. These crevices can become breeding grounds for mould and mildew growth, especially if you have left your furniture outdoors for long periods of time. If mildew is present, a solution of equal parts water and bleach should be able to get rid of it. When using bleach, you should always wear rubber cleaning gloves to protect your hands. Apply the solution using a cloth to the affected area, but try not to over-saturate the furniture. Move the piece outside as soon as you are finished cleaning, then allow to air dry.