Now we are told that it is the intention of some in Westminster to have equal numbers of men and women representing us in Parliament. When will politicians realise that it matters not one jot to the majority of people in this country whether their local MP is male or female, black or white or of any particular sexual orientation? What the members of the public want the most when they vote for our MPs is simply to get the best person for the job. ---------- I don't always agree with James Whale but on the subject of cyclists I do, says Brenda Clark, from Croydon, Greater London. On two occasions recently when waiting on red traffic lights in my car, cyclists rode straight through and when I hooted my horn they stuck two fingers up. On another occasion, lights were red and an elderly lady with a stick was about to cross when a cyclist rode straight through. Another second and he would have hit her. They should have registration plates or some identity as many do not respect the Highway Code. ---------- Margaret Thatcher's right to buy council homes scheme is the root cause of our current housing crisis, says David Mullen, from Hawkwell, Essex. Why would Boris Johnson seek to make the same mistake again? Social housing stock will end up in the hands of private landlords and the price of property will rise even further. We need large stocks of social housing at affordable rents if we are genuine about levelling up our society. ---------- Sir Keir Starmer is playing down his "mistakes" in Durham but for many weeks now his sole focus has been on Partygate and forcing PM Boris Johnson out of office, says Diana Ockenden, from Bridport, Dorset. He is also wrong to use Partygate as a reason to vote Labour in this week's elections. He has forgotten the words "local elections". They should not be about Johnson or Starmer, but about who is doing their best for your community. ---------- I have never had a reminder from the Passport Office, neither have any members of my family or any of my friends, says Christine Daniells, from Stony Stratford, Bucks. We have been waiting four weeks for our new passports and should be travelling on Saturday. We can't email them or call them and just have to listen to a recorded message that goes on forever. Why is it so difficult?