Polling expert David Cowling declared loyal Labour supporters have been deterred by the leadership of Sir Keir Starmer. The GB News elections analyst confirmed the shift in support has resulted in a Labour struggle to maintain Northern seats in the local elections. Mr Cowling acknowledged the Labour gains across London were a moderate success but expressed concern over the party’s performance in other regions of the country.  The analyst said: “London has become such an important part of the picture for Labour. “In 2018 when these seats were last fought, few seats changed hands but most of Labour’s gains were in London.” Mr Cowling continued: “London is its own country these days.” “It was the only one of the regions of England, the only one of the nine regions, that voted remain. “It’s been drifting solidly towards Labour, supported and underpinned in large measure by ethnic votes which are massively pro-Labour” Mr Cowling addressed the demographic changes among more recent Labour supporters. He continued: “Nobody can take away the successes that Labour has had in London, those are impressive in Westminster particularly, but the picture for Labour is actually much more complex. “We have had this reversal and the North and the Midlands have become far less Labour territory." Read more: Starmer is the big loser from the local elections not Boris Mr Cowling noted the traditionally favourable regions of Labour support had steadily drifted from their allegiance with the party. He added: “Partly because the white working class have just wandered away. “They just haven’t felt that the Labour party represents them anymore. “If that is the case, and some of this evidence certainly suggests that, then Labour needs to make sure it’s not true.” Don't miss: 'Boris won't be leader' Death knell sounded for Johnson [REPORT]Local election results ‘not quite good enough’ for Starmer [ANALYSIS]Boris Johnson squirms as Sky reporter exposes key policy failure [VIDEO] GB News host Patrick Christys agreed with the comments of the political expert. Mr Christys said: “If Keir Starmer is going to wander into Downing Street, he’s going to have to reclaim some of that Red Wall at least - there doesn’t appear to be too much evidence he's done that.” The Labour Party did snatch Westminster, Wandsworth, and Barnet from Conservative control in the local election results. However, analysts have confirmed Labour gains beyond the capital were much more sparse as traditional supporters branch out to other parties.