Each month between May and September, one lucky customer will win one million Virgin Points – enough for a safari, a stay at a luxury hotel or flights across the globe. A further 25 customers will also win 12 bottles of Virgin Wines worth £150 in every prize draw. Virgin Money has launched a new incentive for new and existing customers called Virgin Red - a club that turns everyday spending into points that unlock rewards. Every month everyone will be given the chance to enter a free prize draw as long as they make at least one transaction a month. What’s more, new customers switching to the Virgin Money M Plus Account and Virgin Money Club M Account will also receive a bonus of 20,000 Virgin Points to spend. The points can be spent on whatever people want but some other ideas include Virgin Wines, three course meals or an Astronaut Experience for two at Space Store. READ MORE: Free bus pass: 10 groups of Britons qualify for free or reduced travel The 20,000 Virgin Points boost means travellers could get a return flight to Barbados, the Bahamas or St Lucia. Hugh Chater, chief commercial officer at Virgin Money said: “We’re excited to reward new and existing current account customers with this exclusive prize draw in partnership with Virgin Red. “We’re looking forward to finding our five Virgin Points millionaires and seeing how they will turn a million points into treats, trips and once in a lifetime experiences with Virgin Red.” Incentives aside, the account offers a decent interest rate on savings. DON'T MISSRishi Sunak announces pensioners to get £300 payment [UPDATE]Rishi Sunak announcement: Full list of handouts for Britons [ALERT]What are legacy benefits? Each benefit boosted by Sunak spending [INSIGHT] Customers switching to the Virgin Money M Plus Account which is rated “Outstanding” by Moneyfacts, as well as the Virgin Money Club M Account will benefit from an interest rate of 2.02 percent on current account balances up to £1,000. The M Plus and Club M accounts also come with a debit card with no overseas spending or withdrawal fees and a linked savings account with one percent interest on balances up to £25,000. Virgin Money Current Account customers also benefit from cashback on everyday shopping at retailers including River Island, Anthropologie and WHSmith. Customers can transfer cashback to their Virgin Money current account or trade it in for e-Gift cards to use online or instore at select retailers, including John Lewis, Cineworld and Marks & Spencer. It’s important to note that customers won’t be entered into the competition automatically. To enter the prize draw, customers need to log in to their Virgin Money mobile banking app, tap discover and select “Exclusive Rewards”. They’ll be asked for a few basic details and need to log in to their mobile app and make at least one transaction each month from May to September to be eligible for each prize draw. It’s not the only bank to offer customers enticing incentives. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea HSBC is currently offering customers a £170 bank bribe to switch. First Direct is giving people £150, while Lloyds Bank and Nationwide are offering £125 to new customers. For savers, money saving expert Martin Lewis recommends Chase which is paying 1.5 percent on up to £250,000 and Virgin Money which is giving 2.02 percent on the first £1,000 and one percent up to £25,000. Alternatively, there’s Nationwide offering two percent on £1,500, but only for a year.