Loose Women panellist Katie Piper, 38, says her bank suspected she had been “defrauded” after unusual transactions were spotted on her online account. Katie received the call on Thursday and was left feeling “awkward” when she explained where the money had gone. Katie tweeted in view of her 303,000 followers: “Bank just rang me to check if I had been defrauded online.  “No, that was just me depressed shopping the other day #awkward.”Dozens of Katie’s fans were amused by the tweet and many took to the comments to share their own experiences.Sam said: “You should have said yes if they had already been dispatched! When I am stressed, I spend like I am in Vegas!! Hope today is a better day for you.” READ MORE:Johnny Rotten responds to Madonna's NFT art on Piers Morgan show Deirdre added: “My bank did the same once too. I was having a spending day for clothes and shoes, they rang me and went through the spends in each shop: ‘Yes, that’s me; yep, me too; and that one.’ The bank lady just started laughing.” While Donovan echoed: “I had this at Christmas time in Oxford Street one year. They called it ‘unusual activity’. l thought, ‘Mmm not with my large family and Christmas!’”Several others also checked in to see if Katie was feeling better after shopping while “depressed”.Robo asked: “Hope you’re doing better Katie,” and Jayne said: “Sorry to hear there was a need for depressed shopping.” It comes as Katie has been rallying around Deborah James to raise money for her Bowelbabe fund.She has shared her support for the BBC podcast host on social media and shared links to her fundraiser.Following the news that Deborah is receiving end-of-life care because her “body can’t continue anymore”, Katie penned: “You changed so many people's lives.“You have spread so much joy and kindness. An ever-lasting impact.” DON'T MISSAmanda Holden, 51, flashes incredibly toned pins in leggy display[PICTURES]Julia Fox stuns as she showcases abs in ultra low-rise trousers[LATEST]Eamonn Holmes reflects on 'deadly serious' feud with Anthea Turner[INSIGHT] At the time of writing, Deborah’s fundraiser has raised £4,116,653 which will go towards clinical trials, research and campaigns to spread information about bowel cancer.Yesterday, Deborah was honoured with a damehood for raising awareness about the illness since she was diagnosed in 2016.Earlier this year, Katie was also honoured for her services to charity and victims of disfigurement injuries.The mum-of-two collected her OBE in February from Princess Anne and dedicated the award to other burns survivors She said: "Trauma is part of life but it doesn't have to be a life sentence.  “This is a very special time for my family, my team-mates, all survivors of burns and me. This OBE is for all of us."Katie suffered life-changing burns in an acid attack in 2008.She was just 24 when the attack took place and suffered severe scarring to her face, chest, neck, arm and hands, as well as being left partially blind.Since then, she has undergone more than 400 reconstructive surgeries and set up the Katie Piper Foundation in 2009.