Ferrari could gift Max Verstappen the F1 world title if they make a ‘foolish’ decision to not use team orders, warns Jolyon Palmer. The former British F1 star has claimed Ferrari should soon focus solely on Charles Leclerc instead of giving equal treatment to both drivers. He claims Red Bull is already ‘clearly throwing their weight behind’ Verstappen after engineers ordered Sergio Perez to let the Dutchman past in last weekend’s Spanish Grand Prix. Ferrari boss Mattia Binotto has previously warned there are no team orders at the Scuderia despite having a car which could be capable of winning its first championship since 2007. Palmer warns it would be a bad decision to allow Sainz to ‘take points off’ Leclerc which could cost them a chance at securing the title at the end of the season. He said: “With Red Bull looking so strong currently and clearly throwing their weight behind Verstappen, Ferrari must be thinking to move to the same position were Carlos Sainz to be ahead of Charles Leclerc soon. READ MORE: Christian Horner explains Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez relationship "Mattia Binotto has said thus far he’d let his duo race it out, but with the way both are driving at the moment, it’s tough to see anything other than Leclerc being their championship challenger. Surely it would be foolish to let Sainz take points off him? "It’s a situation that hasn’t arisen yet at Ferrari, but it’s probably a matter of time before Sainz has a stronger weekend, and, after this weekend, team orders must be back in the minds of all.” Ferrari has a track record of issuing team orders to favour one driver or to get the best result. The team ordered Rubens Barrichello to let Michael Schumacher pass at the 2002 Austrian Grand Prix. Felipe Massa was also asked to give up victory to Fernando Alonso at the 2010 German Grand Prix. In 2019, the Italian marquee used team orders during four of the first five races to get the best possible results. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen takes anger out on the team as he feels 'pressure' [COMMENT]Max Verstappen's dad gives view on son's 'road rage' and radio rant [INSIGHT]Horner plays down Russell hype after thrilling scrap with Verstappen [ANALYSIS] At the time, Mattia Binotto said the 'team comes first’ during all decisions. He added: “If there are any decisions that need to be taken in some circumstances, they should be in the favour of the most experienced driver. That’s it.” However, after the Australian Grand Prix, Binotto claimed it was still too early to issue team orders this season. He said: “The championship is still very long. Our drivers are free to fight, and I am really looking forward and enjoying that they are battling for a good place, and first place, if possible.” Leclerc is now 49 points ahead of Sainz in the drivers’ standings with the Monegasque just six off new leader Verstappen.