Bargain Hunt airs daily on BBC One and the fan-favourite antiques show is known for its plethora of experienced guides. The experts are on hand to offer tips to the two teams as they attempt to make the biggest profit. Raj Bisram appears regularly alongside the guests and Express.co.uk has all you need to know about his relationship status. Raj Bisram is a well-known British auctioneer and antiques expert who co-founded Bentley's Fine Art and Antiques Auction House in Kent. He is known for his roles on a number of TV shows including Antiques Road Trip, Flog It! and Four Rooms. The London-born expert started his career in the British Army, before qualifying as a ski instructor in Austria. The TV star is married, having tied the knot with his wife Susan in 1983. READ MORE: ThisMorning guest breaks down over heartbreaking dognap  Viewers may also be interested to hear he has two adult daughters. Outside of Bargain Hunt, his interests include cooking, cricket and tennis. He is also somewhat of a bridge and poker champion. One of his quirkier hobbies is magic, and he was once a member of the Magic Circle. He has performed magic all over the world to celebrities and royalty alike. The presenter’s love for unique objects began when he was just 10 years old. He would observe antiques at a nearby pawnbroker’s shop and would walk to school fascinated by the items. He told the BBC: “I discovered early on that a 9-5 job was never going to be for me so I turned my childhood love of old and dusty junk and antique shops into my job and later career.” DON'T MISS... ‘Careful!’ Bargain Hunt’s Charles Hanson in embarrassing fall [VIDEO] Philip Serrell children: Does the Bargain Hunt expert have children? [INSIGHT]Why does Bargain Hunt expert Ochuko Ojiri wear a hat? [EXPLAINER]  The 66-year-old expert is on Twitter and he has been keeping viewers up to date with his latest ventures. He has been offering online antiques courses to those who have an interest in rare items. The star has been open about his personal life and his childhood and gave some insight into family life when he was younger. He has two sisters and attended Highgate School in North London.   He told DesiBlitz: “One of my enduring memories of childhood is of family Sunday outings in the car with a picnic to the English countryside. "I enjoyed these times so much that in later life I have lived most of my adult life in the countryside at home and abroad.” Now with two grown-up children of his own, he values the family moments they share together. Bargain Hunt airs daily on BBC One at 12.15pm