The dog, known as Baby Girl, was found tied to a fire hydrant and rescued by a charity last week. The animal rescue centre has not shared details of the note but did say the pooch has diabetes mellitus, otherwise known as canine diabetes, which can cause elevated blood sugar. She was discovered on a residential street in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Wisconsin Humane Society suspects its previous owner had struggled to provide the care and attention she needed, reports Daily Mirror. Baby Girl requires daily glucose monitoring, a restricted diet, and at-home insulin injections due to her health issues. A spokesperson for Wisconsin Humane Society said: "It can be an expensive disease to manage, requiring a monthly purchase of insulin and potentially other medical supplies. "In total, it’s possible this could cost hundreds of dollars a month, depending on your own veterinarian’s assessment and cost of supplies in your area."    Explaining how the owner's decision to give up her pet was an "act of desperation", the charity thanked her for reaching out for help and trying to do best by her dog. Speaking directly to the owner, the spokeswoman said: "First and foremost, we are so sorry you had to part with your best friend. "It’s evident just how much you loved her and we can see you did your best while struggling with your own medical complications and challenges of life. "We see your love in the bag you carefully packed with all of her favourite things. "We see your love in the way you secured her leash so she wouldn’t get hit by a car. "We see your love in the way you placed her in the middle of a neighbourhood where she’d be quickly found. "We see your love in how happy and healthy Baby Girl looks. "And we see your love in the note you left, pleading for someone to help her when you no longer could."   Thanking the owner for putting Baby Girl first, the animal charity welcome anonymous surrenders with no questions asked. "We see that you did what you thought was best for your beloved pup and we are grateful for your compassion," they added. "Rest assured that she’s safe, she’s getting tons of attention from our team.  "We wish you all the best and hope that if you see this, you can rest a little easier knowing your Baby Girl has a bright future ahead." Just days after being taken in by the animal charity, Baby Girl secured a new home - and her previous owner couldn't be happier about it. The spokeswoman added: "The international response to this pup’s story has been overwhelming, and the outpouring of kindness for her previous owner has truly filled our hearts to the brim.  "We have been in contact with the previous owner, and were grateful for the chance to connect with her, and honour her wishes for Baby Girl to find a new home. "We passed along supportive resources that have been offered to her from this generous community. She expressed her gratitude and happiness knowing Baby Girl would be finding her next loving home soon." 