After premiering in 2016, CBS’ courtroom drama Bull aired its last ever episode on Thursday. As fans said their emotional goodbye to the series, actor Michael Weatherly also bid farewell with an insight into the key details from the show.  Bull followed the career of Dr Jason Bull (played by Michael Weatherly), a psychologist and trial science expert. With the support of his team working at his consulting firm, they would help their clients choose the right jurors as well as the best argument to ensure a courtroom victory. Bull was a huge hit for CBS as many viewers tuned in to see more of Michael Weatherly after his major exit from NCIS. Despite the show’s success, rumours of its end circulated after Bull made headlines for a number of controversies. READ MORE: Gogglebox fans call for Giles and Mary to be cut from show However, after the show aired its finale, Weatherly took to Twitter with a video to thank fans and “the extraordinary people who have worked on the show.” As he also announced a break from TV after 22 years in the industry he received tons of well-wishes from viewers. The actor returned to Twitter on Friday to share a behind the scenes photo of the numerous lines he tried to remember for his scenes. The photo showed the lines which were written on two separate pieces of paper and taped onto a window.  In the caption, Weatherly wrote: “A final peek at what the past/future looked like. I wish I’d been able to memorise that stuff, but I’m pretty sure that I tried. Pretty sure, BYE BYE!” Fans took to the comment to share their amazement at the lines he had to remember for his role as Jason Bull. @Pagano_marcella stated: “Remember all that stuff?! It's already too much for me read all these words written so small.” @Kaylarmagic added: “It can't be easy to remember all the lines, being the main character. So much dialogue.”  DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Double Dingle death as two iconic characters leave [THEORY]Bull’s Michael Weatherly says goodbye to fans after 22 years on TV [INSIGHT] NCIS boss on Dinozzo return ‘Just seemed weird’ [INSIGHT] @angelazulv shared: “Lovely cheat sheets! The most important thing is the superb way you delivered those scenes, you’re such an awesome actor.” Complimenting the actor, @EvansNicolina commented: ”You did a wonderful job, Michael! Very hard to say goodbye.” While a grateful @sacj70 stated: “So awesome to read. I can hear your voice when I do. Just perfect tone and emphasis. Thanks for sharing.” @popon1013 added: “It's hard to remember all these long lines, actors have a tough job.”  The series is also partially based on the career of Phil McGraw, who is famously known as Dr Phil and is credited as the show’s executive producer. When Weatherly first said goodbye to viewers, he dropped a major hint at a possible NCIS return, as he added: “I should give my friend Cote de Pablo a call.” In NCIS the pair played romantic interests but have both since left the show. However, with his role on Bull officially wrapped up, perhaps fans could see Weatherly make his highly anticipated return as Tony DiNozzo. Bull is available on CBS in the UK. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 