Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag must prioritise signing new midfielders this summer, according to former England international Karen Carney. Ten Hag is reported to be looking to sign a striker ahead of any other target but Carney says that must change. Transfer expert Fabrizio Romano said earlier this month that United are prioritising the purchase of a forward. He told United We Stand: “Once Manchester United sign a striker this summer, then they will decide on how much they want to spend on a midfielder.” However, the Red Devils are set to lose Paul Pogba and Nemanja Matic at the end of their contracts this summer. That will leave Fred and Scott McTominay as the only recognised central midfielders in the Red Devils squad who have been regular appearance makers this season. Donny van de Beek could enjoy a new lease of life at Old Trafford under Ten Hag, the manager he had success with at previous club Ajax. But Carney believes the midfield still must be the area Ten Hag looks at improving first. READ MORE: Man Utd legend Paul Scholes believes Frenkie de Jong can solve long-term problem  United's lack of goals in attack and porous defence has come under severe criticism this season. But Carney says part of the reason is due to the lack of support coming from the midfield. She told Premier League Productions: "Yeah [it's too easy to blame Cristiano Ronaldo]. He's done his job, he's come in and he hasn't even had good service. "I get the defence but for me I'm worried about the midfield. I know the defence is there but there are so many fragilities in that midfield that [the defence] take the pressure. "You need that midfield. I know they've got McTominay and I know Fred is in there but for me that's the area that I would look to recruit in. DON'T MISSLiverpool players 'dropping like flies' as Jurgen Klopp sent worrying Real Madrid warning [QUOTES]Barcelona hold Carney Chukwuemeka meeting as Arsenal also target Aston Villa star [GOSSIP]Gary Lineker takes issue with Gareth Southgate's England squad as 'superb' star misses out [SOCIAL]  "We saw [Harry] Maguire and [Luke] Shaw, we know they can do it. They had poor seasons but sometimes in front of you, if it's not there, the pressure comes onto them." Arsenal legend Ian Wright also thinks improving in midfield is a necessity for Ten Hag. Wright said: "We've known for how many years now where Man United have needed to strengthen. "Yes they've bought defenders in but the midfield and a midfielder who can manage the game. I can't remember the last time I saw Man United manage the tempo of a game."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here