Six plots of affordable pieces of land just outside of Glasgow were sold to budding self-builders as many more people dream of being able to design their own home. The property show followed animator Joanna and carpenter Ben who were building a ranch-style home in a rundown part of Glasgow. The couple loved listening to American country music and were inspired by the buildings of the Wild West, and their home was made from simple materials with a structural Douglas fir frame. With a tight budget of £170,000, the couple could only afford to build their dream home if they constructed it themselves. However, neither of them had ever built a house before. The couple used native timber as their structure, but they super-sized it to ensure it was stable. READ MORE: When to plant out courgettes - exact time to move seeds outdoors Kevin McCloud said: “They are pushing the boundaries in every way possible.” The couple saved themselves more than £20,000 by avoiding using scaffolding to build their home. Instead, they used a climbing harness and ropes. Kevin said: “You guys are just using your strength and your skill.” DON'T MISS:Cornish chalet with no inside toilet on sale for £325,000 - pictures [INSIGHT]Lawn: ‘No Mow May’ more ‘damaging’ to wildlife long-term [EXPLAINER]Seedlings: Make a reflector using foil to grow ‘much sturdier’ plant [COMMENT] Three months after beginning the home, the couple began building their roof. The panels were too big and heavy to hoist up by rope so they built their own scaffolding to do the job. Ben said: “It worked very well and it was very sturdy.” After eight months of building the home, the couple hired professionals to lay concrete down. Nearly two years later, the couple were camping in their home as they started to prepare for fixtures and fittings to go in. However, they only had £40,000 in the bank left to complete the American-style home. To help save cash, Ben and Joanna made their kitchen from scratch. They experimented with grass and tall flowers mixed with water for a wall finish. The inside of the home was stunning with an open plan living space as well as being double height, making it open and bright. There was also a floor-to-ceiling window, allowing natural light to flow through. Once completed, Kevin revisited the home which was full of greenery. He said: “Doesn’t that look just charming, we could be in Oregon. “I really really like your house…if you didn’t know how this building was made, it tells you, it’s all here. It’s a world of wood.” Upstairs, the greenery continued as well as wooden features. But did the couple manage to stick to their tight budget of £170,000? Joanna said: “We had a £170,000 budget, we mean the mortgage we got from the bank was £170,000, so that’s what we spent.” Kevin said: “Amazing value, I mean astonishing value.” Twitter users also loved the transformation, calling the couple “proper self-builders”. User Dariusz Ski said: “Lovely looking house design!” Paul posted: “Proper builders who are putting blood, sweat and tears into their home.” User Alice wrote: “That home is incredible, what a dream home.”