Borussia Dortmund have confirmed Karim Adeyemi as Erling Haaland's replacement just hours after selling the striker to Manchester City. Adeyemi was widely expected to join Dortmund once Haaland departed, and a transfer from RB Salzburg has already been announced. The Bundesliga club have spent around half of the fee they have received for Haaland by taking Adeyemi from the Austrian club. It has been widely reported that he will cost around £33million after penning a five-year contract. The 20-year-old has earned a reputation as one of the world’s best young forwards having enjoyed a positive record in Austria. A record of 33 goals in 92 matches caught the eye of scouts around Europe, but Dortmund have won the race for his signature. Adeyemi, who is capped by Germany, has bagged 23 strikes in 42 matches across all competitions this season. Salzburg are top of the Austrian Bundesliga. JUST IN: Eddie Nketiah and Callum Hudson-Odoi 'switch international allegiance' Manchester United were understood to be interested in the speedy attacker, who can play anywhere across the front three. Interim boss Ralf Rangnick was previously sporting director of the Red Bull group and remains in close contact with club officials. However, Adeyemi’s agent last week confirmed that he had turned down the Red Devils and only had eyes for Dortmund. Thomas Solomon said: "We’re now close to completing the deal with Borussia Dortmund. "There will be no release clause included into his five-year deal. Rangnick? Yes, Manchester United wanted to enter the race - but we want BVB." Dortmund will hope Adeyemi can have as much of an impact as Haaland did after signing from the same club. The Man City-bound ace has struck 85 goals in 88 appearances since joining in January 2020. DON'T MISS...Man City's Erling Haaland deal draws comical post by Aymeric Laporte Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel gives salty reply to Haaland questionLineker hits back at Man Utd hero Evra for scathing Guardiola attack Among those goals are 28 in 29 across all competitions this term. That record is in spite of Haaland suffering several injuries across the course of the campaign. The 21-year-old will join City in the summer after the Premier League leaders matched his £64m release clause. Boss Pep Guardiola had been desperate to sign a new striker having played much of the season without a recognised centre-forward. Haaland will earn around £350,000 at City, a similar amount to star midfielder Kevin de Bruyne. The £64m fee takes the club’s spending above a whopping £1billion since Guardiola’s arrival in the summer of 2016. The Norwegian will play his final match for Dortmund this weekend and is expected to receive a warm send-off from fans. Marco Rose’s side, who will finish second in the Bundesliga regardless of results in the last matchweek, host Hertha Berlin on Saturday.