Manchester United's hopes of signing Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong could hinge on where Bernardo Silva plays next season. The Manchester City playmaker's future could have significant implications, positively and negatively, for United. Amid Barcelona's financial woes, they must raise funds before recruiting any players in the summer transfer window, and De Jong poses as one of the club's highest-valued assets. However, the La Liga giants aren't ready to offload De Jong if they can't line up a marquee name to replace him, Mundo Deportivo report. It is claimed that Barcelona will only sell the 25-year-old if they can lure Bernardo or Bayern Munich striker Robert Lewandowski to Camp Nou. And by leaving Catalonia this summer, he could make Xavi Hernandez and the Blaugrana technical staff's 'dreams' come true. United have held exploratory talks over De Jong, with Erik ten Hag desperate to reunite with the former Ajax ace in his first transfer window at Old Trafford. Bernardo switching Man City for Barcelona could boost the Red Devils' chances of securing his services. JUST IN: Newcastle join clubs waiting for Arteta decision on Arsenal's Saliba However, it could also work against Ten Hag as the report adds the Etihad Stadium could also be a potential destination for De Jong. Pep Guardiola is a known admirer of the Netherlands international, and the two clubs could agree to a swap of sorts. Lewandowski, who wants to leave Bayern one year before his contract expires, could also tarnish United's hopes. It is understood that the Bundesliga champions' demands could lead to Barcelona using De Jong as leverage to sweeten a deal. But if there is just a fee involved, the door would be open for United to swoop in. READ MORE: Jack Grealish warned Ibiza celebrations could cost him World Cup spot It currently seems as though De Jong's move to United is more of Ten Hag's dream signing than a likely transfer. He is thought to want to stay at Barcelona, and if he is forced out, he wants to remain in the Champions League, instantly putting the M16 club at a disadvantage. If Barcelona manage to get one of Bernardo or Lewandowski through the door, it would somewhat bolster their chances of a deal for De Jong. But even still, with Guardiola's interest in mind, a move to City to replace the Portuguese playmaker and challenge on all fronts surely draws more appeal. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here