Less than six months after hinting he was in the final stages of his snooker career, newly crowned world champion Ronnie O'Sullivan has revealed he may yet play on for another decade. The change in perspective comes after 'The Rocket' completed an 18-13 win over Judd Trump on Monday to collect a record-equalling seventh World Snooker Championship. At 46 years of age, the victory made O'Sullivan the oldest champion in the Crucible's history and put one of snooker's biggest names back on top of the sport. It served as fitting reward for a player who continues to look streaks ahead of his elite peers at times. One more world title would take O'Sullivan clear of long-time rival Stephen Hendry and cement his place as probably the greatest player of all time. Comments made in 2021 appeared to suggest he had only a handful of years left to accomplish that goal, but O'Sullivan's window for success seems to have been extended. "I could probably play to my mid-50s if I wanted to," he said following Monday's win. "The tournaments like this will be a bit of a strain, there might not be much chance of winning them, but everything else, why not? I still enjoy being on the circuit, I’m having fun with it." READ MORE: Ronnie O'Sullivan claims he will never be snooker GOAT despite equalling Stephen Hendry The veteran described the World Championship as "torture" before remarking "every match was tough" during this year's competition. He handily defeated John Higgins 17-11 in the semi-final and looked particularly convincing when he trounced Stephen Maguire 13-5 prior to that. O'Sullivan's apparant reappraisal of his retirement plans will serve as music to the ears of many snooker supporters. It was less than six months ago that one of the sport's most outspoken figures nodded towards a departure before his 50th birthday. DON'T MISSRonnie O'Sullivan's past 'insulting' comment on BBC's SPOTY with star favourite for awardStephen Hendry reacts to Ronnie O'Sullivan matching World Championship feat - 'Surprised'Ronnie O'Sullivan backed to play for another 15 years by Judd Trump after Crucible win   “So, if I get another three World Championships, I’ve got a goal to keep me playing for at least another three World Championships," he told the Metro in November. "Once that comes, it might be a good time, I’ll be 49 then, it might be a good time to focus on other things I’ve got going on and just focus on them." A record-extending 21st Triple Crown title has already emboldened O'Sullivan's claim to the throne as snooker's finest. Another decade in the sport could threaten to put him on a pedestal no other player of his generation will reach.