The Royal Family are no strangers to picnics and Kate Middleton has been known to enjoy one with her children. While a royal picnic may be a little more grand than the average spread, the Platinum Jubilee bank holiday is the perfect time to enjoy a tasty picnic. As part of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations, many councils and parks will be hosting picnics for people to join. Britons can visit the Government website to find an organised park event where they can take their own picnic. In Windsor, guests are invited to travel to the Long Walk for free to join the Jubilee Party in the Park on June 4. People can bring their own picnics and enjoy musical entertainment. Britons can also visit thebigjubileelunch.com to find a street party or picnic event to join on June 5. READ MORE: Cornwall holiday let owners ‘exploited’ prices during pandemic Meanwhile, there are plenty of gorgeous serene spots to enjoy a family picnic over the Bank Holiday. According to holidaycottages.co.uk one of Scotland’s best picnicking spots is Loch an Eilein in Cairngorms National Park. A spokesperson said: “This serene location boasts picturesque views that are cinema-screen worthy. “Sheltered by ancient pines, this spot is the perfect setting for any spring picnic date and was even voted Britain’s best picnic spot.” Another of the UK’s top picnic spots is Plankey Mill in Northumberland. A spokesperson said: “If you’re planning a day out where you can tuck into your perfectly prepped picnic, taking a break to bathe in the waters of River Allen, the Plankey Mill trail is a must. “There are plenty of activities to keep you occupied, including some lovely trails through the wooded River Gorge to the old mill and campsite. “Make sure to keep a family game of ‘I spy’ on the cards, with grey wagtail, otter and heron among the native faunae.” In Wales, holidaycottages.co.uk recommends Lake Vyrnwy in Powys as the perfect picnic spot. A spokesperson said: “Grab a moment of dinnertime tranquillity amongst beautiful open moorland and meadows by heading to Lake Vyrnwy. “Passing by the storybook scenery of the Cinderella-style castle, the trail boasts plenty of breathtaking wildlife and waterfalls along the way to captivate adults and children alike. “If you need some extra additions for your picnic, make sure you take the slight detour and head to Gillhams Deli for a wonderful range of fine food and drink.” Brownsea Island in Dorset is another of the UK’s stunning picnic spots. Britons can enjoy gorgeous views from the edge of the lagoon. Londoners looking to escape the Big Smoke for a serene picnic, could head to Box Hill in Surrey. Children will be able to enjoy the Natural Play trail where there are many trees and structures to explore. Over in the Cotswolds, the Cotswold Way has so many picturesque spots to enjoy a picnic with stunning views.