Manchester United interim manager Ralf Rangnick won't receive a £1million bonus he negotiated into his contract after failing to guide the club to a top-four Premier League finish. Rangnick asked for added incentive while being persuaded to replace Ole Gunnar Solskjaer in November, but his tenure has been nothing short of a disaster. United have won just three of their last 13 games in all competitions and are crawling towards the finish line of a nightmare season. The Red Devils can't finish higher than sixth in the top-flight but could drop as low as eighth if Crystal Palace pile on the misery and win their final-day clash. Rangnick admitted that United were out of the running for a top-four finish for the first time after the 3-1 defeat at Arsenal two weeks ago. And he will have been frustrated with his and his squad's failings for more reasons than one. According to the Daily Star, the 63-year-old has lost out on a £1m windfall that he would've received if United beat Arsenal and Tottenham Hotspur to fourth. But the Premier League giants' absence from the Champions League next season has written off that clause in his short contract. JUST IN: Tottenham to hold Toure talks with Man City icon set for coaching role Dropping out of Europe's elite competition will catalyst a multi-million revenue loss ahead of a significant rebuild under Erik ten Hag this summer. Rangnick is currently set to take up a consultancy rebuild to support the Dutchman alongside his role as Austria manager. However, the report claims that he could now look to negotiate a compensation package with United and walk away from the club. His Austria appointment came as a sudden surprise and has drawn criticism from many amid suggestions he'll struggle to balance two important jobs. READ MORE: Man Utd board 'tell Erik ten Hag to scour free agent market' United are currently set for Europa League football next term, but Saturday's 4-0 humiliation at Brighton & Hove Albion has taken their final league position out of their own hands. If West Ham win one of their two remaining games and the Red Devils lose against Palace, they will drop into the Europa Conference League. Even if United are victorious at Selhurst Park, West Ham could yet leapfrog them on goal difference if they overcome both title-chasers Manchester City and a final-day trip to Brighton. It's fair to say the club Ten Hag is walking into is in a precarious position and are now at risk of a catastrophic finale to a woeful season. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.