This corner of an island is a setting for one of the world's great experiments in democracy. Its devolution journey has been beset with scandals and shutdowns, but also moments that can only be described as historic. Jaws dropped in 2007 when Free Presbyterian firebrand preacher Ian Paisley took the DUP into government with Sinn Fein's Martin McGuinness holding the Deputy First Minister position. The camaraderie this unashamed Protestant fundamentalist and a once-formidable IRA commander enjoyed was the stuff of legend. The people of Northern Ireland were regularly shocked by outrages during the decades of the Troubles, but now they were astonished by a very public friendship. For all the moral compromises and imperfections of the peace process, this surreal spectacle was infinitely preferable to what had gone before. Last week's election brought another electoral earthquake but it is far from certain whether it will trigger another era of public jollity. Sinn Fein won more seats than any other party. Michelle O'Neill is now on track to become the party's first First Minister. Technically, the positions of First Minister and Deputy First Minister are equal but the symbolic power of Ms O'Neill taking on what is seen as the senior post would be profound. Such a triumph for a party which many people still associate with a brutal terrorist campaign would signal that the days of unionist cultural, economic and political hegemony are over. The spectacular Parliament Buildings at Stormont were long regarded as a citadel of unionism. The sight of Ms O'Neill in the First Minister's office would be the latest stage in an epic rebranding exercise. If a Sinn Fein politician went on to win the prime ministerial role of Taoiseach in the Dublin Parliament the symbolism would be even more powerful. Sinn Fein could argue that while Ireland may not be unified, the fact it is at the top of both the Belfast and Dublin governments is good reason to think it will not be long before voters decide to rip out the border and become one nation. A glance at the first preference votes in the Assembly election underscores the strength of the party. It won 250,388 such votes, with the second place DUP mustering just 184,002. The big risk is that Sinn Fein's rise will trigger even greater insecurity in Loyalist and unionist communities that could be exploited by aspiring demagogues. Sinn Fein's leader, Mary Lou McDonald, has suggested that unification referendums could be held within five years. A young nationalist or republican can look to the future with excitement, confident that the transformation of Ireland is far from finished. Their counterparts who don't want to see the erosion of the province's status as a full constituent part of the United Kingdom may be less upbeat. This is why the Northern Ireland Protocol has ignited such opposition. Every obstacle to trade with England, Scotland and Wales is a reminder that the relationship with Great Britain has changed – pro-Brexit unionists want to remain in the UK, not the EU's single market. Great chunks of British political history have been dominated by Irish crises and soon much of Whitehall's bandwidth could be devoted to Ulster-based conundrums. Boris Johnson cannot allow power-sharing to collapse on his watch and his Government has signalled it is prepared to take radical steps to overhaul the way the protocol works. This could trigger a furious confrontation with Brussels, which is in no mood to renegotiate this element of the Brexit deal. Mr Johnson, like so many PMs before him, may find himself spending long hours in conference rooms with different factions of Stormont's politicians, trying to cajole them into working together. Fortunately, history shows that these tea-fuelled all-nighters can deliver fabulous results.   The Northern Ireland that exists today is radically different to the mini-state founded in 1921. Yes, sectarianism and poverty endure, public services are often creaking and the agonising legacy of the violent past has yet to be properly addressed. But the greatest cause for optimism is that people in every part of the province have a visceral love of the place they call home. If old phantoms and fears can be kept at bay, there is every reason to hope the best is yet to come.