Prince Harry, 37, and Meghan Markle, 40, stepped back from duties in 2020, before moving to the US. The couple, along with Archie, distanced themselves from their roles within the Royal Family and set up home in California. Since moving stateside, Harry and Meghan have welcomed a new addition to the family with baby Lilibet, who was born in June. Archie celebrates his third birthday today (May 6). Notably, throughout their time as royals, Meghan and Harry shared very few images of Archie - a stark contrast to birthday portraits released to mark the milestones of Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge’s three children. Since leaving the Firm, Meghan and Harry have continued to share very few details about their children. Stepping down from their royal roles granted Harry and Meghan more control over when and how their children are seen by the public and media. Their new status as former working royals gives them control over when their children appear in front of the camera. This has also meant there is no longer any guarantee of a classic royal birthday portrait, though pictures of the children have emerged on numerous occasions. Archie was photographed as a newborn in the arms of his mother, at Windsor Castle. Meghan also took the baby to the polo, and Archie was pictured on a tour of southern Africa with his parents in 2019. READ MORE: Piers Morgan reacts to claim Kate Middleton invite 'got lost in post' However, the Sussexes went against years of royal tradition by rubbing up against the media right from the first moments of their son's life. There were constant questions ranging from when he had been born to whether his godparents would be publicly named at his christening. After quitting their roles, the pictures of their children have been few and far between. Archie and Lilibet do not appear at work events alongside their parents, and any pictures released are sent to news outlets with clear restrictions about usage. As a result, the few images taken of the children and released by the family are prolifically used by the media. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry could be 'face of young Britons' if they come back [INSIGHT] Prince Harry and Meghan Markle banned by Queen from palace balcony [REVEAL] Harry and Meghan ‘excited to attend’ Jubilee with children [LATEST] Only one photograph of baby Lilibet ‘Lili’ Diana has been shared since she was born last June. The snap is the only one Meghan and Harry chose to release and the couple have copyright over should they choose to enforce it. Lili featured on the Sussexes 2021 Christmas card which also gave a rare glimpse of Archie as a toddler. The occasion marked the first time the youngster had been seen by the public, marking a sharp contrast to how royal babies are usually shown in their parents' arms within days or even hours of the birth. Archie was included in a video for Save the Children to mark his first birthday in May 2020. In celebration of Archie's second birthday last year, he was featured on the website of Harry and Meghan’s nonprofit, Archewell, where they also announced a new initiative for COVID-19 vaccine equity. These were shared in lieu of a designated birthday portrait, much like those taken by the Duchess of Cambridge of Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. A snap of Archie at the family’s chicken coop was also shown briefly during Meghan’s appearance on Ellen. The couple also shared a video of the child during their interview with Oprah Winfrey last year. The footage showed him playing on a beach in California and running between Prince Harry's legs.