Autumn Phillips’ royal wedding in 2008 saw her marry Peter Phillips, Princess Anne's son and the Queen's eldest grandchild. But how much was her engagement ring worth? Autumn Phillips, who turned 44 today, is the Canadian ex-wife of Peter Phillips, also 44.  The blonde was born in Montreal, Quebec which is where she met her future husband in 2003. However, she did not learn he was related to the British Queen until six weeks later. They married on May 17, 2008 at St George’s Chapel in Windsor, where Prince Harry and Meghan wed 10 years on May 19. The couple went on to have two daughters, Savannah, 11, and Isla, 10.  Autumn’s wedding was a relatively low-key affair for royal nuptials. Peter proposed with an £80,000 ring, which may be expensive for the average Briton, but is a minor expense compared to Meghan Markle’s wedding ring for instance, which is worth over £150,000. The ring had a central oval diamond, with two additional diamonds on either side, all set on a platinum band. It was a beautiful three stone white gold design.  The three-stone design is very similar to that of Meghan Markle's ring from Prince Harry. Autumn’s Sassi Holford bespoke dress was also cheaper than the average royal wedding down. The duchess satin and lace gown is reported to have cost £3,000. Kate Middleton’s, on the other hand, cost £250,000, while Meghan’s cost even more at over £300,000.  Autumn’s dress fitted the wedding dress style from the 2000s perfectly and she accessorised with a glittering regal tiara. Autumn wore the Festoon tiara on her big day, which she borrowed from Princess Anne, her mother-in-law. Princess Anne lent her daughter-in-law the incredible wedding gift so Autumn could look and feel like royalty on her wedding day. The Queen's daughter has since been pictured wearing the sparkling tiara on numerous occasions, including during a banquet at the Guildhall in 2017 when she paired it with the matching necklace.  However, the Festoon Necklace was nowhere to be seen on Autumn's wedding day. Instead, the bride accessorised with pearl earrings and a matching necklace, which Peter had sent to her at Windsor Castle the night before their nuptials. During Peter and Autumn’s 12-year marriage, the pair conducted their relationship largely out of the limelight. However, Peter and Autumn announced their split in February 2020 and they officially divorced on Monday, June 14, 2021. 