Former police dog handler and dog behaviouralist Colin Tennant joined Colin Brazier on GB News on Monday to share his expert opinion on the worrying increase in fatal dog attacks. The show guest hit out at dog owners who purchase the pets for "status" and warned of the importance of educating those who own animals. Colin Brazier began: "I remember 20, 25 years ago there was a real moral panic, the Dangerous Dogs Act, there was a slew of fatalities then. "The law was reframed. What difference did it make then and what difference would a legal change make now and what might it be?" The former police dog handler replied: "Well, the Dangerous Dogs Act came in because some young girls in Glasgow were killed I think it was around about 1993 and there was a campaign and that's what brought the act in. "I've not seen any evidence that the act has altered anything. Read more: GB News: BBC blasted for ‘completely unforgivable’ scrapping of free "What we're trying to alter is the attitude and the education of dog owners and that's the crux of the problem. "If people are not going to invest the time to study what sort of dog they want and also we have the status dog where people are buying dogs for image, an extension of their ego." Interrupting, host Colin remarked: "I wonder if it is image. "Our opening item today was knife crime, one poor woman who lost her grandson to a violent crime incident was saying there are parts of the UK now where people are terrified. "They carry knives for protection by the same token presumably they have a status dog not just for status but for protection." Replying, Colin said: "Well, I think the status dog has been here for 20 years and increasing each year, especially in the inner cities like London where I've spent most of my career you see more and more people going around with bull-type breeds. "The ones I deal with in court very few if hardly any of the people have done what normal dog owners do which is get a puppy, socialise it, introduce it to a local training club. "They seem to ignore all of that and all of their advice comes from status club friends, the people they got the dog off." DON'T MISSGB News: Charles Regency could be 'solution' for aged Queen [INTERVIEW]Sadiq Khan told to 'get home' as mayor calls for 'open' cannabis laws  [INSIGHT]GB News guest savages Prince Harry’s acting debut [VIDEO] "It's bordering on an underworld of dog sales," he continued. "So they bypass the behaviour of normal dog owners." GB News fans agreed with the dog behaviouralist and took to Twitter to comment. @Sammyjoagain tweeted: "The sort of people that buy dogs for status or protection is not the type that would bother to take them to training classes, they're not responsible dog owners. "Irresponsible people that keep these dogs should have their children removed for THEIR protection!" @AdrianTwydall added: "It's only the feral owners who get a large dog off Facebook , don't ask any questions about it's history and then leave it alone with young children that are the problem. "The parents are all 'look at me I have a huge Pitbull' etc. Poor children don't stand a chance." GB News begins with Breakfast with Eamon and Isabel on weekdays at 6am.