Former world heavyweight boxing champion Wladimir Klitschko appeared on Piers Morgan Uncensored on Tuesday. Discussing the ongoing military attack on Ukraine by Vladimir Putin’s Russia, Wladimir revealed he “would have left” Ukraine if he wasn’t prepared to die in the fight for freedom. Piers asked: “Are you prepared, if it comes to it, to lose your life to fight for your country?” “I asked myself this question when Russian forces in the outskirt of the city,” Wladimir confirmed. “If I wouldn’t be ready for it, I would have left. The city of Kyiv with almost five million, it’s a big city and a busy city, was empty. “You could hear the explosions constantly, explosions because the fights were going on in the outskirts of the city and you must [consider this question] while you’re in Kyiv or Ukraine.” Read more: Piers Morgan horrified as 'abusive' guest brands him a c-word “Ukrainian or not, and as you know they’re journalists being killed with sniper shots and lost their lives, if you’re in Ukraine that could be your last moment in life, last trip in life. “Are you ready to give up everything you have for the country and freedom? “That’s the question that millions of Ukrainians are asking [themselves]. “And the answer is yes because you could do anything for your children, anything for your country, anything for your parents, anything for what you love.” Elsewhere in the interview, Piers asked: “What is your message to Putin?” “I’ve been asked this question many times in multiple interviews,” Wladimir replied. “There’s no particular line that could do anything to Putin to change his life or change his opinion or stop this war. “It’s just a mad person’s mind and how you can convince a mad man I don’t even know. DON'T MISSDenise Welch reignites Piers Morgan feud as he brands her a ‘fraud' [INSIGHT]Johnny Rotten brands 'privacy shy' Meghan and Harry ‘parasites’ [VIDEO]Piers Morgan fumes over Jacob Rees-Mogg's interview with BBC's Naga [INTERVIEW] “And there’s nothing to communicate because obviously what was coming from Russian side is a lie,” he continued. “When they said they’re never going to offend anyone, invade anyone, it was just happening and this is in multiple cases as soon as Russia, Putin, his army, foreign ministers or anyone involved were making statements that was exactly the opposite so how can we communicate? “There is just one line that not just Putin but the entire world must take seriously, stop this senseless war and this is on Putin and on the free world without your support and help and if you’re going to keep standing silently and just observing what is going on in Ukraine blood is on your hands too.” TalkTV viewers praised the interview and Wladimir’s powerful words. Alex Tulip tweeted: “Felt a tear in the eye watching this. It’s so awful and unfair that this can happen. I don’t know how @Klitschko manages to stay so humble and collected when talking about this war and only ever wants to big up the bravery of his people, never himself. Truly inspirational.” Chris Farley added: “What a gold standard for the rest of us to try to emulate - could we do it under similar circumstances - this man is an inspiration!!” “That was some interview,” Stuart Smith-Hutchon commented. Piers Morgan Uncensored airs on Talk TV, Fox Nation and Sky News Australia.