Former Strictly Come Dancing professional Kevin Clifton has told how he's "at war" with his girlfriend Stacey Dooley following their simultaneous appearances on the small screen. The dance star, 39, took to Instagram to declare a "ratings war" against his flame-haired girlfriend as they appeared on TV at the same time last night. In view of his 360,000 followers, the star shared a snap of the TV guide. The pic shows Kevin's show The Games wason at the same time as Stacey's DNA Family Secrets, which saw him call for a "ratings war". He wrote: "Me vs @sjdooley." Stacey was quick to share Kevin's story with her one million fans. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's 'main issue' pointed out by Karren Brady She wrote: "I trust u will all make the right decision," alongside a series of laughing emoji faces. The BBC star jokily added: "(BRB, just going to sabotage Kevs gym bag)." (sic) Kevin has been taking part on ITV show The Games which sees 12 celebrities take on the sporting challenge of a lifetime. Stacey has been voicing her support for her beau over the last few days, leaving comments on Instagram. She voiced her support for the Strictly star before the show even aired after Kevin posted a snap of himself in a pair of speedos. Standing in a changing room, Kevin only wore a pair of swimming trunks as he showcased his incredibly toned body. Looking unimpressed at the situation, he prepared to head out to the pool area. The West End star captioned the snap: "@thegamestv Let’s go! Coming soon to @itv," followed by a flexed arm emoji. DON'T MISS... Kelvin Fletcher's wife Liz announces arrival of twins in sweet post [UPDATE]Britt Ekland: Peter Sellers 'had everything' before 'he destroyed it' [INSIGHT]Amanda Holden, 51, daringly flashes leg in skirt with VERY high split [ANALYSIS] Referring to Olympic diving champion Tom, Kevin's girlfriend Stacey, penned: "Tom is SHAKING," cheekily followed by two budgie emojis. She also celebrated earlier this week after Kevin took part in the 400m run. Strictly star Kev landed bronze as he crossed the finish line while racing against fellow celebs. Celebrating the moment on Instagram, he wrote: "The 400m @thegamestv. Personal best and a bronze," along with a fist emoji. Stacey gushed: "Podium finnnnnnish." While Strictiy's head judge Shirley Ballas wrote: "So proud of you @keviclifton you are great x." The Games continues weeknights at 9pm on ITV.