The Defence Recruiting System, run by the Army and outsourcing consultants Capita, was taken down after a reported data breach in March. An estimated 130 army recruits had their stolen data up for sale on the dark web, according to the Guardian. A spokesperson for the British Army said at the time: “Following the compromise of a small selection of recruit data, the army’s online recruitment services were temporarily suspended pending an investigation. “This investigation has now concluded allowing some functionality to be restored and applications to be processed.” The army kept the system down whilst an investigation, commissioned by Defence Digital, took place. Capita, which says the system was not breached, said the third-party investigators came to the same conclusion. The breach is thought to be an attack on the personal computers of applicants, with their log-in details targeted, rather than the system’s servers. But the recruitment system is still not accessible to applicants, even though the website is once again working. The login page flashed a message that the portal was “currently experiencing some technical issues” to anyone looking to submit or review an application. Capita predicted it would likely be back up and running by the end of the month. READ MORE: Peston: Tory MP claims 'no massive need' for food banks But until then, the Army’s intake is hinging on a job advert posted to the commercial listing site, TotalJobs. For anyone looking to check their application progress, they are blocked from access and redirected to the National Recruiting Centre and their own recruiters. Former soldiers looking to sign up for the Reserves were among those who complained of radio silence on their applications after weeks of hearing nothing. One user told the UK Defence Journal that his application for the Reserves had not been acknowledged after submission. DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: Nerves of steel! Truss to slap EU with deadline [LIVE] POLL: Should electric scooters be banned in UK? [VOTE] John Curtice delivers brutal blow to Boris on Tory strongholds [REPORT] He added that his son had tried for a year to join the armed forces. He said: “I applied for the Reserves over six months ago and heard nothing once the website went down. “Only now have they sent a letter apologising and telling me to pay for an eye test before they progress my application.” The recruitment system, first launched four years behind schedule in 2018, was part of a controversial decade-long contract with Capita totalling £1.3 billion. An MP report showed the MoD invested £113 in the recruitment system, and the private-sector company spent another £60 million to “bespoke the system to meet the services’ recruitment processes and criteria”. The partnership was heavily slated in the first few years of the contract, with long-waiting times for recruits a common complaint. But Capita said after a leadership change in 2018, performance had greatly improved. A Capita spokesperson told the Telegraph: “We and the Army had publicly acknowledged that the partnership was previously not delivering properly, but we have successfully hit our recruiting targets for regular soldiers for the past three years, despite the pressures of the pandemic.”