But this is not “evil” in the sense that we might have a rampaging serial killer on our hands. Yes, they have existed in this enduring show, but this is a very gentle, well-mannered evil we’re dealing with here. The killer can occasionally be one of us – someone at the golf club, the bell-ringers, the local pub or the manor house. Or someone who just happens to have had a bad day at the office. People kill for the smallest reason. Indeed, the show approaches killing with a lightness of touch, with its tongue firmly in its cheek. “It’s Agatha Christie on speed,” says former star John Nettles in a new documentary. “He’s a rubbish detective too. It takes him five murders before he solves a case!” Its longevity (23 seasons in 25 years) has spawned other gentler detective dramas such as Death In Paradise (still going strong) and Sky’s Agatha Raisin. Midsomer, a staple of the excellent ITV3, also has a trademark approach to killing: you will rarely see any blood, barely bump into a corpse, or glimpse the killing itself. It’s as if your lovely maiden aunt is telling you about this dreadful crime in her local village, and leaving out all the nasty bits. In a world where terrible crime is seemingly all around us, it’s a wonderfully escapist drama.  My favourite “exits” were when actress Martine McCutcheon was felled by multiple wheels of cheese (just brilliant) or when a man in a Range Rover was drowned in concrete which poured into his car through the sunroof. There’s a novel valeting challenge. Another inventive one was when a man was killed by his own patio doors... apparently. The first murder was hemlock-infused red wine, a nod to Agatha Christie with which it shares class – in both senses. Four people have been crucial to the evergreen success of this show. Original creator Caroline Graham, the first scriptwriter Anthony Horowitz, a master of screen sleu-thing who gets better and better, former RSC actor John Nettles as Tom Barnaby and original producer Brian True-May. Nettles is one of our best loved actors, having starred in a previous iconic sleuth show, Bergerac. True-May approached him for the role, believing he would be perfect for it. He was right. It was an immediate smash-hit, which doesn’t happen very often.  The Killing At Badger’s Drift was watched by a staggering 13.5 million viewers in 1997, the sort of audience we now equate with a major live football fixture. Though one of the best things about a Midsomer Murders episode is that they always get their killer, whereas you never quite know which way an England match will go. And its ability to define a certain Englishness in a typical village community has brought international success. Midsomer has been sold to more than 200 countries – Nettles favours the French version called “Barnaby”. The look and tone of the series were very much the work of True-May. Each summer members of the TV press corp used to be invited into deepest Buckinghamshire – peak Midsomer – in the Chilterns, to hear about the latest batch of killings. As we travelled there, it would be one chocolate box village after another, with pretty wisteria over the front doors and thatched roofs aplenty. Once, we were all invited to attend Barnaby’s daughter Cully’s wedding. We were to be extras, or “the background” as I call it. It was a privilege of course. If you look carefully at the conclusion of the episode you can see the assembled TV writers from the press craning for a glimpse of any “action”... and wondering what time Tom would finally turn up.  He made it with moments to spare, his trademark. Wife Joyce was having kittens. And let’s not forget Sykes, once the much-loved Midsomer dog. The pooch always stole the moment in our glimpses of the detective’s very stable home life, another characteristic of the show. No tortured Morse-like cops here. And sidekicks? Well, Troy was a favourite and Scott, from the city, was never going to marry Cully. So what next for Midsomer? More of the same, hopefully. We’ve now had Neil Dudgeon’s Barnaby since series 14. The character has a degree in psychology, so he’s doubly clever for a Barnaby. As we know, he always puts the world to rights and restores calm and order to the charming villages of Midsomer county. It could easily run for another 25 years. ● Midsomer Murders – 25 Years of Mayhem, ITV, May 28, 7pm; new episode, 8pm 