Professor Anand Menon, director of the pro-EU UK in a Changing Europe thinktank (UKICE), is listed as being employed by former Labour leader Lord Kinnock, who was Vice President of the EU Commission from 1999 to 2004. The revelation comes after Tory Brexiteer MPs expressed fury his thinktank was handed millions in taxpayers’ cash for carrying out research with Kings College London for up to the next three years. Prof Menon has, in the view of Conservative Brexiteer MPs, not bothered to hide his Rejoiner credentials. In January, he wrote an article for the Guardian attacking Brexit entitled: "Covid has been an easy scapegoat for economic disruption, but Brexit is biting." But UKICE has also provided a platform for both Brexiteers and Remainers with Prof Menon interviewing Nigel Farage at one of his events among others. The most recent funding from the Economic and Social Research Council, a Government quango, was for £4,033,404 for the next three years and follows £3,454,432 for the last three years. Reacting to Prof Menon being employed by arch-europhile Labour peer Lord Kinnock, Dudley North Conservative MP Marco Longhi said: "Dear Anand. Explain this and your ‘impartiality’." On the funding he had noted: "For somebody so openly anti-Brexit to pretend that UKICE is remotely anything close to 'independent social science research and to provide an authoritative, non-partisan and impartial reference point will offend most peoples’ intelligence. "There is no question in mind that they should ever receive taxpayer’s funds - all it would achieve is a Remoaner and Rejoiner narrative. "Shut it down, the people have spoken." North West Leicestershire Conservative MP Andrew Bridgen, one of the Brexiteer ‘Spartans’ who held out against Theresa May’s deal, pointed out that Lord Kinnock had been a Eurosceptic. READ MORE: Starmer left flustered as he's hit with new attacks "No surprises really that the head of this thinktank is an ‘employee’ of Kinnock," he said. "Always follow the money." But Prof Menon has vigorously defended his position telling Express.co.uk that he had received the Parliament pass from Lord Kinnock to help brief MPs and peers from both sides of the Brexit debate. He said: "I am indeed listed as a member of staff by Lord Kinnock. I have kept him updated on what is happening in the EU, and with the Brexit process. DON'T MISSStarmer has always wanted to reverse Brexit [INSIGHT]Tracker poll: Labour blow as Tories close the gap over partygate REACTION]UK couples face nightmare as tax bills could surge by £5,500 [REVEAL] "I use the parliamentary pass that comes with my role to talk to and brief MPs from all parties and all ‘Brexit persuasions’. "This is part of UKICE’s brief. Indeed, I used the pass issued in Lord Kinnock’s name to go and brief the (European Research Group of Tory Brexiteer MPs) ERG a couple of years ago and in various other cases to brief other groups of Conservative pro-Leave MPs. "So no, I don’t think my role with Lord Kinnock betrays any kind of bias.” He added: "That being said, if anybody I would like to point to anything I or UKICE have written that betrays such bias, as opposed to analysis, I would be delighted to discuss!"