AMC’s hit spin-off series returned to screens for another instalment of its sixth and final season. As fans prepare to say goodbye to Saul Goodman (played by Bob Odenkirk) many were pleasantly surprised with the latest episode and took to Twitter to praise Kim Wexler star Rhea Seehorn for her directorial debut.  Although viewers are only four episodes into season six, Better Call Saul has kept them on the edge of their seats. In the previous episode, fans were forced to say goodbye to the beloved character Nacho Varga (Michael Mando) after he met his demise. Nacho also revealed to Hector Salamanca (Mark Margolis) that he was responsible for putting him in a wheelchair. As a result, he chose to take his own life, instead of suffering and being controlled by the Salamanca cartel. READ MORE: DI Ray star airs concerns over ‘racist’ character in ITV series As Better Call Saul is the prequel series of the hit drug series Breaking Bad, fans are eagerly awaiting Walter White's (Bryan Cranston) and Jesse Pinkman’s (Aaron Paul) appearance. While they have been confirmed, the most recent episode titled ‘Hit and Run’ saw another iconic pair from the series. Viewers watched Kim Wexler (Rhea Seehorn) and Mike Ehrmantraut (Jonathan Banks) meet for the very first time. As it was their first scene together, it was a long time coming and Mike was able to confess he was responsible for the guys tailing her.  Despite this, Kim soon realised it wasn’t their first time meeting, at the end of their conversation she remembered he worked in the courthouse car park. She asked: “You’re the attendant?” to which Mike responded: “I was.” Fans took a huge liking to this episode and expressed this on social media as well as their praise for Rhea Seehorn who directed the episode. @BigHermAz tweeted: “ [Rhea Seehorn] If that's your first swing at directing, then it CERTAINLY won't be your last in this industry! Wonderfully done... congratulations!”  DON'T MISS...Countryfile viewers slam Adam Henson over horrifying lamb segment [REACTION]Better Call Saul season 6 theory: Mike to kill Kim Wexler after clue? [THEORY]Why did Nacho Varga have to die in Better Call Saul? Actor opens up [INSIGHT] Another fan, @zak_black420 agreed: “[Rhea Seehorn] YOU ABSOLUTELY KILLED IT, QUEEN, WHAT AN INCREDIBLE EPISODE.” @Nywriterartist added: “I also gotta applaud [Rhea Seehorn] for her work in the director’s chair. @Brittanialaru remarked: “Oh wait no wonder it was so good it was directed by queen [Rhea Seehorn] A fifth @zaksheskyman stated: “Rhea Seehorn directed the hell out of that episode.”  Although this was Kim and Mike’s first onscreen scene, fans believe he could have a hand in her murder. The showrunner Peter Gould hinted: “Mike goes as dark as it is possible for Mike Ehrmantraut to go.” As Kim doesn’t make an appearance in Breaking Bad, fans believed her death will be Mike going “as dark as possible.” Better Call Saul airs on AMC and Netflix on Mondays. 