Novak Djokovic gave his verdict on the upcoming Madrid Open quarter-final between Rafael Nadal and Carlos Alcaraz after winning his own last-eight match 6-3 6-4 victory over Hubert Hurkacz. The world No 1 awaits the winner of the mouthwatering all-Spanish clash in tomorrow's semi-final, where it will be either a 59th meeting with Nadal or a first with Alcaraz. Djokovic is through to his seventh semi-final in Madrid where he awaits the winner of the third meeting between Nadal and Alcaraz. The all-Spanish quarter-final is arguably the match of the day in Madrid and the world No 1 gave his insight into the match, giving the world No 4 the slight edge but admitting it was going to be "50/50". The 20-time Grand Slam champion claimed the two Spaniard had been the "best" players of the season when asked which player would come through to face him. "Spanish player for sure," he joked, speaking to Prime Video. "Tough one to say, I think they’re arguably the two best players this year with the results they had." Giving his assessment of the two players, he continued: "Rafa is playing well, it didn’t seem like anything is bothering in the last few matches. We know that he was coming off from the injury but he’s very close to his best. And Carlos as well, I mean he’s living the dream isn’t he? He’s playing amazing tennis and he’s improved so much so it’s hard." JUST IN: Medvedev injury update ahead of French Open poses threat to Djokovic  "I would say 50/50," he admitted. "I mean probably slightly more chance for Nadal just because of experience and knowing how he played so many times in this altitude but let’s see, I think it’s going to be a good match." The three-time former champion also backed the "oldies" of tennis against the newer generation as he spoke about his motivation on the court, confessing his problems entering tournaments at the start of the year with his unvaccinated status made him appreciate victories even more. "Of course I do appreciate it and I think I actually value this year more than many previous years because of the circumanstances and everything. "Look, I still feel motivated to play, still feel very competitive on the court and competing with most of the young guys obviously there’s a change in generations. But we’re still out there the oldies, guys with experience trying to make them suffer, make them run on the court." DON'T MISSNadal says Real Madrid's stunning Man City comeback 'inspired' victoryNadal and Djokovic to lose out if they win French Open despite boostAlexander Zverev fears running out of time in tennis career    i would say 50/50 i mean probably slightly more chance for nadal just because of experience and knowing how he played so many times in this altitude but let’s see, i think it’s going to be a good match  Djokovic also assessed his own performance against Hurkacz, pleased with how "solid" he was. It was a hot day on the Manolo Santana stadium and he said he initially struggled with the conditions, which had changed in the few hours between his morning practice session and the match. "The first set I think we both didn’t play so great," he admitted. "A lot of unforced errors, took us both time to really adjust and adapt to the conditions because they were different from previous days as well. "And the second set I think better quality tennis. I was serving really well in the second, I think that really kept me alive and he was as well serving good but I was pleased with the way I was constructing the point, I was trying to make him run, make him miss the ball and all in all it was a solid performance." 