Barcelona appear to have raised Frenkie de Jong’s price tag amid interest from Manchester United. The Netherlands international is a top transfer target for Erik ten Hag as the summer window creeps closer. However, any move to Old Trafford is far from straightforward. Last week, it emerged that United wanted to bring De Jong to Old Trafford. The Barcelona star previously played under Ten Hag at Ajax, helping the Eredivisie giants reach the semi-finals of the Champions League in 2019. Barcelona have insisted they want De Jong to stay but, with the club needing to balance their finances, it’s possible he’ll be allowed to leave for the right price. Previously, a fee of £75million has been floated around. That would make De Jong the third most-expensive signing in United’s history, level with Romelu Lukaku but behind the likes of Paul Pogba and Harry Maguire. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Yet Sport now say Barcelona actually want closer to £85m instead. That would put him above Maguire and only behind Pogba when it comes to the club’s record recruits, with the Red Devils previously paying £89m for the France international in 2016. There have been suggestions United will have a transfer budget of £120m for the summer window. And that would mean the club would have to spend most of their money on De Jong if they’re to snap him up. Barcelona, it’s claimed, would look to put 75 per cent of the cash away in order to protect their finances. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag And they’d use the remainder to replace De Jong, who has often struggled for consistency under the likes of Ernesto Valverde, Quique Setien, Ronald Koeman and Xavi. United want De Jong at a time where two central midfielders are primed to leave. Nemanja Matic has already confirmed he’ll be on the move, with Jose Mourinho seeking a reunion at Roma. And Pogba is unlikely to sign a new United contract having never quite realised his true potential at Old Trafford. Pogba and Matic aren’t the only players who United are expected to lose this summer, too. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Edinson Cavani, Jesse Lingard, Lee Grant and Juan Mata are all set to leave United for free at the end of the campaign. Eric Bailly and Aaron Wan-Bissaka, as well as Phil Jones, could be put up for sale to raise further funds. And there’s uncertainty over forwards Marcus Rashford and Anthony Martial, while Mason Greenwood remains suspended. Speaking earlier in the season, meanwhile, Liverpool icon John Barnes insisted De Jong would be the perfect replacement for Pogba at United. “Frenkie de Jong would be a brilliant signing for Manchester United,” Barnes told BonusCodeBets. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “It looks like Paul Pogba is on his way out of the club so bringing in a replacement for him is very important. “Especially if that person is a young and talented player who will get the opportunity to be one of the main players at the club. “He has everything in terms of passing range, intensity and a great attitude. It’s exactly what Manchester United need in midfield. “That was their plan with Donny van de Beek, but of course he’s been stifled by other players in his position playing better than him. “However, bringing De Jong in and putting him straight into the side and being trusted would be good for both Manchester United and him.”