UPDATE: Xur is back in Destiny 2 with the merchant setting up shop in a new location. If you're trying to find Xur's location today then you will be able to find the merchant in the EDZ at the Winding Cove on a cliff. This is one of Xur's popular hangout spots. And if you're wondering what Xur is selling then here's what is in stock today... - Skyburner's Oath - Felwinter's Helm - Heart of Inmost Light - Celestial Nighthawk ORIGINAL: Xur is back in Destiny 2 with the merchant setting up shop in a new location. The sought-after merchant will arrive in Destiny 2 at 6pm UK time, and will be found at one of his usual hangout spots. Xur has a number of regular haunts that you will find the merchant at in Destiny 2. These locations are the Tower Hangar, on the Winding Cove on EDZ and in the Tree on Watcher’s Grave at Nessus. Last time around, Xur was found on Nessus with these Exotics in stock... - Hard Light - Gemini Jester - MK.44 Stand Asides - Nezarec's Sin After arriving at his new location today Xur will be found there until the Destiny 2 weekly reset next week. Express.co.uk will update this article once Xur's new location is found.  In other Destiny 2 news, this week has seen the latest edition of the Guardian Games launch - something that Bungie discussed in its most recent This Week at Bungie blog post. In it the Destiny devs said: "This week at Bungie, the third annual Guardian Games have begun. "Welcome back sports fans! The Guardian Games have commenced, and Warlocks have taken the lead. But it's still early in this three-week competition and it’s anyone’s game. "The Tower is looking spiffy with decorations up and the spirit of competition in the air. There are adventures to be had and rewards to be won. Are you pumped yet?" Bungie went on to add: "Want to commemorate your epic domination during this year’s Guardian Games? Then we have some cool opportunities through Bungie Rewards. "Whether you are team Hunter, Titan, or Warlock, you can celebrate your individual accomplishments during the Games with the opportunity to purchase a Guardian Games Tankard if you light two Platinum torches. "Anyone who lights four Platinum torches can purchase a Guardian Games Medal." 