Nicole Kidman, 54, has been noticeably snubbed in a montage of ex-husband Tom Cruise’s career at the Cannes film festival. Before the Cannes premiere of Top Gun: Maverick, the audience was given a 10-minute long retrospective of the 59-year-old actor’s best work, which included three films with Nicole. The montage featured all three films starring Nicole and Tom together. They were Days of Thunder (1990), Far and Away (1992) and Eyes Wide Shut (1999). Nicole, however, was not shown in any of the clips. Tom’s other co-stars, including Dustin Hoffman, Kirsten Dunst and Renée Zellweger, were reportedly shown in the footage. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman praised after rescuing stranded hiker on mountain Nicole and Tom were married from 1990 until 2001 and share two children, Connor, 27 and Isabella, 29, together. It is unclear why Nicole was ousted from the footage, but Tom later referred to her, in the masterclass, using a nickname. When asked about the scene in Eyes Wide Shut where Nicole’s character detailed an extramarital fantasy, Tom replied with the story. He said: “We worked together to find the tone: [Kubrick], Nic and I.” Nicole had a strong reaction last year during an interview with The Guardian when she was asked if her role as Lucille Ball in Being the Ricardos had parallels with her relationship with Tom. “Oh, my God, no, no. Absolutely not," she said. “No. I mean, that’s, honestly, so long ago that that isn’t in this equation. So no. “And I would ask not to be pigeonholed that way, either. DON'T MISS...Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker steal Met Gala spotlight [PICS]Brooklyn Beckham shirtless as Nicola Peltz dares to bare at Met Gala [LATEST]Anne Hegerty reacts to Mark Labbett's The Chase replacement [INSIGHT] “It feels to me almost sexist, because I’m not sure anyone would say that to a man. “And at some point, you go, ‘Give me my life. In its own right.’” Tom and his first wife Mimi Rogers were married in 1987 when Tom was just 24. The couple then divorced in 1990. Tom and Nicole were then married from 1990 until 2001, a few months after their 10th anniversary. He and Katie Holmes were then married from 2006 until 2012. Tom is currently unmarried and rumoured to be dating Mission Impossible 7 co-star Hayley Atwell. Top Gun: Maverick is out in cinemas 27 May.