The Department of Work and Pensions (DWP) has began the move which is expected to be completed by December 2024. Older benefits namely income-based Jobseeker's Allowance (JSA), income-related Employment and Support Allowance (ESA), Income Support, Housing Benefit, Working Tax Credit and Child Tax Credit - will be completely phased out. The DWP has issued guidance on these tax credits and how some people may find they end up receiving less. The DWP also recently announced that only 500 people will initially be moved to Universal Credit through the managed migration process, but this will increase over the coming months in order to complete the move for all claimants by the end of 2024. Legacy benefit claimants will receive a migration notice giving them three months notice of when the ‘managed migration’ process will begin. However, there are three ways people will migrate to Universal Credit, outlined in the DWP’s ‘2022-24 strategy for implementing the final phase of Universal Credit’. READ MORE: Dragons' Den reject told product was 'not a great investment' - business now worth £5m  The DWP has issued guidance on which people may see their payment decrease. On their website it listed the types of claimant that might see a lower or higher entitlement under Universal Credit. If people see a lower payment, they are therefore likely to be eligible for transitional protection if they are moved through the managed migration process. This includes: On the other hand, the types of claimant that might see a higher entitlement under Universal Credit include: The amount that someone may get is based on their specific circumstances, and this is just a guide. People can work out how much they’ll be paid using an online benefit calculator. Millions of claimants will start switching from the old to new welfare system from May 9 as the government resumes managed migration. Small numbers will be moved off legacy benefits on to Universal Credit initially. But the Government's goal is to get all 2.6 million people still on old-style legacy benefits moved over to Universal Credit. Their figures show that up to 900,000 of them could be worse off long-term. People can also choose to switch to Universal Credit if they think they will be better off. 