During the hotter summer months, often Britons open their windows to let in some fresh air - but this could also let in flies. Flies manage to get inside for a number of reasons, but most enter to feed on rubbish, ripe fruit and veg or moisture. Common house flies are attracted to decaying organic filth such as rotting meat, whereas fruit flies look for sugary substances and feed more commonly on overripe fruit, spilt fizzy drinks and alcohol. Drain flies require moist climates and organic materials and will be attracted to drains like kitchen sinks, where they will also lay their eggs. As well as being annoying, flies are bad news and shouldn’t be ignored, or you could soon have a full-blown infestation on your hands. If left untreated, flies can spread bacteria such as Salmonella, typhoid and E-Coli. However, there are various smells that can deter flies, to act as a natural cleaning hack to repel them from entering home. Walter Murphy, pest control expert at PriceYourJob.co.uk has shared the smells that should do the trick to banish flies in homes. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to get rid of slugs in homes using salt - ‘cheapest way’ The first scent the expert shared are essential oils such as lemongrass or peppermint to get rid of flies. Many essential oils contain insect repellent properties. They are toxic to flies, insects, and can help get rid of ants. Walter said: “Anything that contains essential oils such as lemongrass or peppermint will keep flies at bay’ says Walter. “These natural fragrances give off a strong smell that instantly deters flies from entering your home. “There are plenty of household sprays and perfumes that contain essential oils. “You can use them in every room in the house.” DON'T MISS: Cleaning: I tested out Mrs Hinch fans’ 75p hack to clean oven racks [EXPERT]Lawn task you should ‘never’ do - ‘complete waste of time, energy a... [INSIGHT]Weeding tips: How to get rid of weeds using 29p method - ‘effective’ [TIPS] Cinnamon is also a natural way to deter flies from hanging out in your home. The smell is overpowering, and some of its components can be toxic to flies. Walter explained: “Flies hate the smell of cinnamon. You may consider purchasing a cinnamon- infused air freshener to reduce the number of flies in your home.” It may mean your home smells like a Christmas grotto during the summer months, but it will be fly-free at least. He added: “Burning cinnamon candles is also another great way to get rid of flies, as the smell will spread easily around the property.” While this is an expensive method, vodka can be a great deterrent for house flies. Walter said: “Flies cannot bear the smell of vodka, so you may want to use a spray that contains vodka to ensure that no flies enter your home. “You can also place vodka bags around your home, especially in areas like the kitchen, in order to prevent any food contamination.” Those not a fan of the smell can add basil or lavender essential oil to make it more pleasant. Walter’s final suggestion was to use apple cider vinegar to get rid of lies in the house. Apple cider vinegar is the store cupboard staple that holds many hidden powers. The pest expert said: “All you need to do is half fill a jar with some apple cider vinegar, soap and a paper funnel. “The smell of the fermented apple will attract and trap flies, as they will drink the solution and remain trapped in the jar.” You can release the flies outside once they are contained in the jar.