Coronation Street is filmed on a set in MediaCity in Salford, Manchester. Being in close proximity to the terrible events that unfolded on May 22, 2017, the show used its platform to send its love to all those impacted. In scenes that unfolded on Friday, May 20, Gail Platt (played by Helen Worth) and Eileen Grimshaw (Sue Cleaver) each carried a bouquet of flowers to a memorial bench placed in a community garden in 2018. The memorial included a plaque which paid tribute to the memory of the 22 victims who lost their lives at the Ariana Grande concert. Coronation Street superfan, Martyn Hett, was among the many who lost their lives, and the plaque highlights how viewers like him are so crucial to the show. The plaque read: "For Martyn and all those who lost their lives on May 22 2017. We stand together." In the episode, Gail and Eileen, whose rivalry and feud have been historically noted, came together and put their differences aside. Read More: Ozark season 4 theory: Jonah actually shot Wendy as fans spot key clue from final scene Standing side by side at the bench, Gail said: "It's a lovely bench, isn't it?", Eileen replied: "Tis, it's just a crying shame it even has to be here." Gail continued: "[It] could have been any one of us, couldn't it? Any one of us from this street." "Our kids, grandkids," Eileen added. Gail described: "They went out for a concert, and they never came back. Our Lily loves Ariana Grande."    "Oh, don't, Gail. It doesn't bear thinking about," Eileen answered and chipped in: "Look at us two being civil with each other." Gail smiled and ended: "Yeah, well... Some things are bigger than you and me, Eileen." The sweet episode was praised by fans, with the show's official Twitter account also sharing images with its 1.7 million followers. Alongside three images of the bench, they said: "With love from everyone at Coronation Street. DON’T MISS…'Bit of a surprise' Vera's Mark Edwards star speaks out on show return [LATEST]Law and Order SVU fans call for Barba return to be made permanent after finale bombshell[LATEST]Raven Owen age: How old is Our Yorkshire Farm star Amanda Owen's daughter? [LATEST]  "We remember. We stand together." Fan Jamie Holland commented on the post: "Beautiful flowers and bench, can't believe it's been five years we remember we stand together." @Cherylp66002654 said: "Beautiful tribute to all those amazing people who lost their lives on that terrible night. Thank you." "Such a beautiful tribute. It had me in tears," @chippytea_ chimed in. Martyn's mother, Figen Murray, was watching at the time and shared her reaction. She said: "That was so lovely and kind of @itvcorrie to do this for our loved ones!" Later on, she added: "So grateful to the team at @itvcorrie - a massive Thank You." Martyn was known as a superfan who regularly created videos that he shared online and had a tattoo of former show character Deirdre Barlow (Anne Kirkbride) on his leg. Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.