Susanna Reid, 51, has taken to Twitter and posted a series of comparative photos of her and Dame Joan Collins. It didn’t take long until the news presenter was met with rude comments from an internet troll. Earlier today, the broadcast host tweeted a photo of herself alongside Dame Joan. The photo showed Susanna with her back to the camera as she stood in front of Dame Joan, with the two wearing the same clothes. She captioned the post: “We often, unintentionally, dress the same. #GreatMinds."  Her tweet included the article headline: “Joan Collins' awkward dress clash with Susanna Reid on GMB and hilarious fallout”. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman praised after rescuing stranded hiker on mountain The post was shared with Susanna’s 872,600 followers. In one part of the thread, Susanna shared a snap of the two together in a red dress. Twitter user @vjswing wrote in response: “Have you put on some weight? “You are looking very chunky.” Susanna responded in a quote Tweet, simply saying “yes”. Katy Rickett stepped in to defend her, writing: “Why do people think this is ok?! “I had one “oh isn’t your nose big from the side? “When on calendar… you look gorgeous Susanna and the fact this person is a cartoon pic says it all. DON'T MISS...Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker steal Met Gala spotlight [PICS]Brooklyn Beckham shirtless as Nicola Peltz dares to bare at Met Gala [LATEST]Anne Hegerty reacts to Mark Labbett's The Chase replacement [INSIGHT] “#stepawayfromtnekeypad” Other fans were quick to stand up for Susanna, too. @Femi_Sorry posted: “It's always the ones who daren't even show their real faces in their profile pictures that think they can attack the appearances of others. “Funny that…”  @Stuartharmes wrote: “Why answer and give them a platform?” @Na88844441 commented: “I agree how rude are some people.” @Kayc_1773 said: “How rude, you look amazing Susanna.” @Riochsbabes posted: “Not even going to acknowledge that  tweet sent to you. Brilliant interview of the PM the other day.”