The much-anticipated Anthony Joshua and Oleksandr Usyk rematch is set to take place on July 23. And as speculation grows around how Joshua will rebound from his devastating loss to the Ukrainian last year, former two-weight UFC champion Conor McGregor has weighed in on the clash and believes Joshua is in for a tough night. "It didn't go so well the last time, it's a tough ask," said McGregor when speaking to Sky Sports. "AJ is a good guy and I wish him well - Usyk is a great guy as well and I hope for a good bout for both men. The heavyweight division is on fire at the minute. Good things are happening." Joshua was outclassed by Usyk at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium last September, losing his WBA, WBO, and IBF world heavyweight titles in front of a capacity crowd in London. But, the former Olympic super-heavyweight gold medallist will get the chance to win back his belts after activating the immediate rematch clause in the two fighters’ original contract. Currently, Saudia Arabia is believed to be the most likely destination for the bout and Joshua will be hoping to prove McGregor wrong come fight night. McGregor - who fought just once as a boxer, losing to Floyd Mayweather in 2017 – revealed during the same Sky Sports interview that he intends to box again. “Boxing is my first love in combat sports. I had such a great time the last time I was out there,” he said. “Obviously, my return will be in the octagon for UFC. “That story is far from over, in fact, it’s just being written, it is just the beginning. But, boxing, for sure I will grace the squared circle again in the future.” The Irish mixed martial artist has been out of action since July 2021 when he lost to Dustin Poirier via doctor stoppage due to a broken leg sustained in the bout. According to McGregor, his recovery is going well, and he is close to being able to kick again. He said: “My bodies doing good. I should be able to kick now, I have another CT scan coming up in the coming days and then I will be clear to kick. Once I can kick and grapple, I will be back in no time. Boxing training is going well, and strength training also, so I am excited to get back.”