Emmy-winning series Ozark recently came to a close on Netflix after the remaining episodes dropped on the platform. There were plenty of twists and turns right up to the closing credits. Marty (played by Jason Bateman) and Wendy Byrde (Laura Linney) managed to pull off the deal of the century, freeing themselves of the cartel and returning to Chicago as a rich and prominent political family. However, the show also saw beloved character Ruth Langmore (Julia Garner) meet her maker after the Navarro Cartel's new boss Camila Elizonndro (Veronica Falcón) learnt from pharmaceutical company owner Clare Shaw (Katrina Leak) who really killed her son Javi (Alfonso Herrera). Camila gunned down an unrepentant Ruth outside her home after confronting her about Javi’s death. Actor Trevor Long, whose onscreen alter-ego Cade Langmore was killed back in season two under Wendy's orders, revealed he found out about Ruth's death from his co-star Garner during filming. He said: “I found out from them, from Julia, actually. I was like, ‘Oh s***.’ I wouldn’t have expected that. I guess Three is the only Langmore to survive.” READ MORE: Ozark's Nelson star gives verdict on Ben Davis death scene The star reasoned Three had survived due to his “innocence” and wasn’t touched by the darkness of the things going around him. Long went on to say: “But I was shocked. I was like ’s***’ I didn’t know anyone else was going to die but I knew Wyatt was getting the bullet before I saw it.” The star felt Ruth was something of a survivor in the murky, blood-soaked world of Ozark, hence why her demise was all the more upsetting for the audience. He added: “Everyone roots for her. If anybody’s going to make that, it’s going to be her.” However, Ruth’s death didn’t come out of the blue and was a reaction to Javi’s murder - something she knew full well when she pulled the trigger on the cartel boss. Reflecting on Ruth’s motivations for killing Javi, Long said: “I like that she does that. She’s been f***ed over in so many ways and her father was killed, she was pushed to kill her uncles. “So it’s a very real human impulse to seek vengeance, to want to stand up for your family. “I thought it was kind of bad***. It certainly puts her in a world of danger killing off a cartel guy like that. I liked it.” DON'T MISS...Meghan Markle ‘reinforced’ rift between William and Harry [NEWS]Lorraine staggered by Andrew's 'fat cow' comment to ex Sarah [VIDEO]TalkTV's James Max shocked as caller cuts off heating to save money [REACTION] He said Wyatt Langmore’s (Charlie Tahan) death had been a “turning point” for Ruth and she was irrevocably changed by the loss. Wyatt was essentially the last person she had left alive whom she loved after Wendy ordered Ruth’s boyfriend Ben Davis (Tom Pelphrey) to be killed after he threatened to spill the beans about the Byrdes involvement with the Navarro Cartel. On whether he felt Ruth was resigned to death, Long said: “That’s interesting. I get the sense that she’s like, ‘I don;’t give a f*** anymore. Everything I care for has been taken.’ She’s like, ‘F*** it. I don’t give a s***’. “To kill a cartel person, you’ve got to be in a certain state of mind and maybe perhaps she has made peace with death. “Maybe she knows that the outcome isn’t going to be good. Once she crosses the line, she knows the outcome is pretty bleak.” Ozark season four, part two also saw Cade and the rest of the Langmore clan making a comeback in Ruth's daydream. Before getting the call to come back for season four, Long said there had been "rumours" about a Langmore reunion of sorts and joked it was like the Rolling Stones coming back together. Ozark is streaming on Netflix now