Like most members of the Royal Family, Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge have more than one residence they call home. Their official royal residence is located in London, but they also own two enviable country properties in Norfolk and Scotland. Express.co.uk takes a closer look at the Duke and Duchess' homes and where the couple may soon move to. Kensington Palace is a London landmark steeped in royal history, and Kate and William are the lucky ones who get to call Apartment 1A home. Notable royals who previously lived at Kensington Palace include Queen Victoria when she was a Princess, Princess Margaret and Princess Diana. The impressive home is the Cambridges' administrative hub and it boasts five grand reception rooms, two nurseries for Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, staff quarters and a gym.  The apartment also includes three master bedrooms and his-and-hers dressing rooms for the Duke and Duchess. Kate and William previously welcomed former US president Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama to Kensington Palace in 2016, granting royal fans a glimpse of the home's plush interior. As for the surroundings, Kensington Palace boasts incredible gardens and a statue of Princess Diana was recently unveiled at the Sunken Garden. The royal residence is conveniently located near Prince George and Princess Charlotte's school of Thomas's in Battersea, but it is thought the Cambridge children will soon move on to a new school.  The Queen gifted the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge the sprawling home of Anmer Hall as a family residence upon their marriage in 2011. The impressive mansion is located on the Queen's beloved Sandringham Estate and it has 10 bedrooms, an outdoor swimming pool and a tennis court. Throughout the UK coronavirus lockdown, the Cambridges spent most of their time at Anmer Hall and the family are known to adore the great outdoors the splendid location offers. While in residence, the Cambridges are just a stone's throw away from the Queen's main country residence, Sandringham House.  Just like the Queen and Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, Kate and William also have their own Scottish hideaway tucked out of sight on the Queen's Balmoral Estate. Tam-Na-Ghar is a private cottage and photos of the residence are scarce, but it was thought to have been a gift to William from the Queen Mother shortly before her death in 2002. William and Kate visited the cottage frequently as students during the early years of their relationship, and the property reportedly holds very happy memories for the royal couple. The Cambridges reportedly have their eye on Adelaide Cottage, a recently refurbished 1800s property that is located in Windsor Home Park. An insider told The Sun: “Finding a way to make Adelaide Cottage work seems to be the best and only option. "There are issues with all the other houses, so Adelaide will be the favourite.” Reports indicate the Cambridges are hoping to move to Windsor to be closer to the Queen and the Middleton family who live in Bucklebury, Berkshire. Other residences rumoured to be in the running in recent months include Frogmore House and Fort Belvedere.  