Meghan Markle's planned show has been dropped by Netflix. The animated series was set to focus on the adventures of a 12-year-old girl inspired by influential women from history. TV personality Sharon Osbourne has spoken out on Meghan's Netflix blow but claims it as a "Welcome to Hollywood" for the former Suits actress. TalkTV host Ulrika Jonsson asked Sharon for her opinion on Netlflix dropping Meghan's show. Speaking on the show, via video call, Ms Osbourne said: "Well, I am like, welcome to the industry. "Welcome, it happens so many times, to so many people." Ms Osbourne voiced that she "didn't think the idea was great in the beginning. You've seen it a million times". She said: "This is not an unusual thing [a show being dropped]". READ MORE: Meghan Markle's reason to travel to Invictus Games questioned by expert 'I wonder' "If a company is not doing good, the first thing they have to do is cut, cut, cut and they've cut them. "I don't think that Meghan's book for children did very well and I don't think their podcast was doing great". The 69-year-old concluded: "So, welcome to Hollywood". It was revealed, last week, that Ulrika, 54, will be replacing Sharon as host on TalkTV after the 69-year-old had to return to the US after her husband, Ozzy is battling Covid-19. READ MORE: Kate and Prince William's Windsor move draws closer as cottage tipped as 'favourite' Meghan's project, Pearl, was dropped due to cutbacks. The 40-year-old was due to be the creator and executive producer of the series. The Archewell Productions show was one of two projects announced as part of Meghan and Harry's Netflix deal. The couple announced their deal with Netflix in September 2020 and are yet to produce any content for the platform. It is suggested the deal could be worth in excess of $100m (£72m), although exact details of the deal have not been disclosed. DON'T MISS Prince Harry in 'much better spot' than Meghan Markle [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry 'going nowhere' as royals left 'scrambling' for deals [ANALYSIS]Dr Shola hits out at royals as she demands reparations [VIDEO] Whilst in The Hague, the Duke and Duchess were accompanied by a filming crew from Netflix. The project is due for release this year.