As the current reigning monarch's eldest son, Prince Charles is next in line of succession. Speaking on Fox Business, former Brexit party leader Nigel Farage discussed the future king and how if he wants to succeed in his still-pending role, he will "have to keep fairly quiet" about his passion project as Charles does "get too political" at times. Fox Business host Stuart Varney asked: "What do the Brits think of the incoming King Charles, as he will be". Mr Farage replied: "Well, he played the role perfectly [Representing the Queen at this year's State Opening of Parliament]". "He read the speech, he didn't intervene". He added: "My problem with Charles – I've met him many times over the years – and the country's problem with him, is that he gets a bit too political. "The whole point of the monarchy is that it's supposed to stay above politics". READ MORE: 'You need to get a life!' American audience in stitches as Harry and Meghan mocked on TV Mr Farage added: "His global warming agenda unless he wants to alienate a large chunk of the country, he's going to have to keep fairly quite about that". Speaking about Charles following the Queen, Mr Farage said: "It's a very tough act to follow. "She's [the Queen] been utterly brilliant, the most respected figure in the world". He concluded by stating that it will be "a tough act for Charles to follow". READ MORE: Prince Harry accused of 'destroying the Royal Family' - Queen urged 'you can't trust them' When Charles becomes King, he is likely to be known as King Charles III Prince Charles is believed to desire a more 'slimmed down' monarchy when he takes the throne. Speaking previously to US Weekly, royal expert Jonathan Sacerdoti said: “It’s always been rumoured that he wants to slim down the working royals at the core of the family.” He is the longest-serving Prince of Wales in history and has spent his entire adult life supporting the Queen. DON'T MISS 'Her memory is incredible' Royal chef lays bare Queen's sharp mind [INSIGHT] 'Loves it in French!' Queen sends menu back if chef makes an error [REVEAL]Platinum Jubilee: How to make your own bunting celebrate Queen [INSIGHT] As part of celebrations for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, Charles and Camilla visited Canada this week. The itinerary for the three-day tour included stops in Newfoundland and Labrador, the National Capital Region, and the Northwest Territories. The Canadian royal tour was Charles' 19th time visiting the country. It was Camilla's 5th time in Canada.