Joanna Page admitted she’s very low maintenance in an interview with Express.co.uk, revealing merely brushing her teeth and having a shower feels like a “luxury”. The Gavin and Stacey star, 45, recently welcomed her fourth baby. Asked what makes her feel like royalty, Joanna said: “Just having some time to basically have a shower and clean my teeth because it’s so busy with so many children. “Having time to myself really, I am not very high maintenance, I don’t really have my nails done or wear makeup all the time, and I don’t bother with my hair.” She continued: “Just having some time to myself to get my head together and have a relax. “Maybe a little glass of wine and a bit of a fuss over me - it’s getting more and more as I’m talking isn’t it?” she joked. “It started off as just a bit of time and now it’s having a glass of wine, maybe a meal and then a foot massage!” Discussing the topic of pressure on mums to lose weight and look a certain way, Joanna explained the only thing she is focused on is enjoying her time with her youngest child Boe, five months. She also shares Eva, nine, Kit, six, and Noah, five, with her husband, Emmerdale actor James Thornton. “I don’t feel it, but I can see how it’s incredibly difficult for lots of mums and how lots of mums find there to be such a pressure,” said the Stacey Shipman actress. “But I’ve got to be honest, personally I don’t because I don’t really care what anybody thinks about me! I’m not bothered about thinking, ‘Oh god, I’ve got to get back to work straight away!' “I’m thinking I just want to enjoy my time with her, because I know how fast it goes. I want to enjoy every second of it, so I’m not thinking I need to get that. “With losing baby weight - you’ve grown them for nine months and your body goes through such a strain, and it’s really difficult, and as soon as you have them, breastfeeding, I just get so hungry. “I am breastfeeding her and all I want to do is eat, myself. DON'T MISS...Nick Knowles' split from Emmerdale star before meeting new girlfriend [ADMISSION]Jane Fonda, 84, shows off drastic new look while filming in Rome [PICTURES]Richard Gere, 72, not concerned about being an older dad with wife, 39 [INSIGHT] “I’m not thinking I need to lose weight or look a certain way, the only thing I’m thinking about is, I just want to cwych my baby up, feed her, take her for lovely walks and I honestly couldn’t care less what anybody thinks of me.” She also admitted people often ask her if she’s bothered about the prospect of her children watching Love Actually one day. Fans of the film will remember the rather raunchy scenes she shared with Martin Freeman - but Joanna isn’t fussed. “People say to me, ‘Are you worried about when they see that?’ and I say, ‘Not at all!’ because I breastfed Eva until she was three,” she said. “I am now breastfeeding Boe, and everybody in the house is still obsessed with my boobs. So it’s just like the house celebrates my boobs. “And so when they eventually get to see it, I think they’ll be in hysterics because, ‘Oh my god it’s mummy’s boobs!’ “And they will also think it’s funny if they see any flash of any bum, because they are at the age when they are obsessed with bums, so I am not worried about them seeing that either, I think they will be in hysterics to be honest!”