Loose Women panellist Frankie Bridge, 33, revealed that she has a “secret door” in her home, among other unusual objects. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Frankie, who is a Home Essentials ambassador, spilled the quirky ins and outs of her home decor. Explaining the unique interior designs inside her home, Frankie said: “We have a secret door in our kitchen. “It just looks like the rest of the cupboards, but our study is behind it. People are always quite surprised by it.” She also has a cast of her bottom that causes “quite the stir” among her and husband Wayne Bridge’s guests. Frankie said: “I did an Insta story once and it was in the background. “I didn’t even think about it, as I’m so used to it being there. It caused quite a stir, ha! “It’s definitely a talking point when new people come round.” When it comes to designing her interiors, Frankie likes to keep things “practical” and admitted she would “hate” to have a “pristine” house. Speaking of the decision-making process with Wayne, Frankie revealed: “It’s mainly me, but I definitely don’t make any decisions without him. “I like to keep walls and furniture simple and neutral and add colour with pictures on the wall and accessories. “We have two children and a dog, so everything has to be practical.” The TV star concluded: “I’d hate to have a house so pristine that no one felt comfortable.” It was thanks to her love for interior design that Frankie became involved in her project with Home Essentials. READ MORE...Amber Heard 'slips up' in deposition, Johnny Depp's lawyer claims [INSIGHT]Phillip Schofield sparks divide amid Queen's Jubilee - 'Switched off!' [UPDATE]Lorraine Kelly warns Kate Garraway’s husband is in for 'a hard road' [LATEST] She said: “I’ve always loved houses and interiors and we’re currently in the middle of decorating our house. “So I was really excited at the prospect of working with Home Essentials. The website is full of affordable stylish pieces.” Frankie added: “They want to make furniture and home styling simple and affordable. “Offering style guidance, not just products!” Wayne has also spoken out on the quirky sculpture of Frankie’s derriere as he made an appearance on Lorraine in December. Her husband said the item reminded him of his spouse while she was in North Wales participating in I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! He explained: “She might not be there, but you do have something to… hold on to – which is the fantastic bum cast that she did!” Frankie and Wayne have two sons - Parker, eight, and six-year-old Carter.