Jamie Carragher has backed Erling Haaland to be a hit in the Premier League - but warned Manchester City that they could struggle to keep hold of him if Real Madrid or Barcelona come calling in the future. And the ex-Liverpool defender has pointed out Cristiano Ronaldo's previous transfer to Real Madrid as an example of how players at the biggest clubs can still be lured away. Manchester City confirmed that they'd agreed a deal 'in principle' with Borussia Dortmund worth £51million to bring Haaland to the Premier League. The 21-year-old was courted by a host of top European clubs - including Real Madrid and Barcelona - after notching 85 goals in just 88 games for the German outfit. But Carragher has warned City that the lure of playing for Real and Barca could still come back to haunt when it comes to Haaland, citing the example of Ronaldo. The Portuguese star was at the peak of his powers when he was prised away from Old Trafford by Real Madrid back in 2009, with Manchester United powerless to prevent the £80m deal. And Carragher has warned that City may find themselves in a similar situation sooner rather than later. READ MORE: Dortmund announce Karim Adeyemi deal just hours after Erling Haaland joins Man City Carragher told Sky Sports: "He's a brilliant signing, not just for Man City but for the Premier League. Him and Mbappe feel like the next two superstars who have already eclipsed Ronaldo and Messi and you're just delighted he's in the Premier League. "Normally those types of players in the past have gone to Real Madrid or Barcelona, but I feel like now the Premier League is the strongest league. Just look at how we're doing in the Champions League. I think it's a great signing for City and for the Premier League also. "He'll score goals, that's what he's been bought to do, of course he'll score goals. But it doesn't guarantee City will win everything. You'll have to integrate him in the team, that means City will lose another creative player. Perhaps that helps them keep the ball more, have more control in games. There's loads of questions I'm already thinking of myself. DON'T MISS...Man City's Erling Haaland deal draws comical post by Aymeric Laporte Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel gives salty reply to Haaland questionLineker hits back at Man Utd hero Evra for scathing Guardiola attack "They had a world-class striker three or four years ago in Sergio Aguero, and they've got another one now. "I always think that Barcelona and Real Madrid are the two biggest clubs in the world and teams kids dream of playing for. I know from my own experience at Liverpool, unless you're ultra-successful and doing everything you possibly could, if one of those clubs comes in for your players, you'll have a problem. "You saw that with Manchester United and Ronaldo. If those clubs come calling it's difficult to keep those players. It could be the case that Haaland in four or five years time ends up at Barcelona, that's the pull of those clubs."