Homes Under the Hammer host Martel Maxwell was pleasantly surprised when she entered the home, which was located in a suburb of Wolverhampton. The home wasn’t run down at all and just needed a lick of paint and new fittings. Martel said: “I’m around two miles southeast of Wolverhampton City Centre to see a two-bed mid-terrace, which came with a guide price of £24,000 to £29,000.” Upon entering the home, viewers got to see the property, which had a tiny sitting room just off of the narrow hallway. Martel said: “Interestingly, your hall is almost as wide as the first room you come to, your reception wall. “It’s only a stud wall, I’d be taking this down for sure.” There was also a second reception room in the middle of the home, which led to the kitchen. Martel said: “This [kitchen] is long isn’t it. The recurring theme of this property is that it is pretty narrow. “When it comes to this property, what it lacks for in width, you step into the kitchen and it makes up for it in length.” READ MORE: How to get rid of snails from your garden - 6 easy and natural methods To the rear of the property was a spacious garden. However, at the end of the garden was a train track, which Martel said may not be ideal from a noise point of view. Upstairs, there were two decent-sized bedrooms as well as a loft room which was currently being used as a playroom. The bathroom was small in size however, and needed a whole new suite put in. Martel said: “This house is in pretty good nick. You’ve got central heating, which looks quite new. “Your double glazing also is quite new. The paint looks quite new. The carpets are even still cream, it’s a nice house.” DON'T MISS:Protect your garden from slugs using fruit - acts as a ‘trap’ [COMMENT]Cheap ‘hack’ to deep clean your dishwasher - will ‘break down’ dirt [EXPLAINER]Homes Under the Hammer buyer boosts house value by £120k [VIDEO]  A local estate agent visited the property before it headed for auction and explained that the property could fetch around £100,000. Who did the home sell to when it headed for auction? Stand-up comedian Axel purchased the home at auction for £59,000, higher than its guide price. Based in West London, he said: “Buying property up here is cheaper. I had a look and thought I should venture up here.” With a budget of around £10,000, Axel said he wasn’t going to spend anywhere near that amount. He said by doing a lot of the jobs himself he would be able to keep costs down. Homes Under the Hammer revisited Axel at his home five months later to see what changes he had made. Downstairs, the stud wall had been knocked out to create a spacious living room. It also had new laminate flooring and a new ceiling due to water damage. The biggest change came from the kitchen as it had all brand new units, surfaces and appliances. An extra room had been made at the end to create a small utility space too. Upstairs, there was a brand new bathroom suite and the bedrooms had been given a full redecoration. Axel said the main “hump” of the project was putting in new ceilings. But did he stay within budget? He explained: “We spent around £3,500 to £4,000 max, but closer to £4,000. “I think we’re quite good with budgeting. We don’t really like to step over that mark. We stuck to it.” Axel spent around £63,000 in total. Local estate agents revisited the property to share what price the house could now sell for. One estate agent said: “To sell this property I’d market it at £95,000, hoping to achieve around £90,000.” Another estate agent said: “It’s been done up nicely. I think I might be inclined to sort of suggest they ask £95,000.” Axel said: “Oh, that’s higher than I expected, I’m happy with that.” With a guide price of up to £29,000, the Axel managed to increase its value by a huge £66,000. The top value could mean a £32,000 profit for Axel before fees and taxes are deducted.