As the half-term week kicks off, passengers have been met with queues stretching outside the airport. Bristol Airport has been bursting at the seams these last few weeks and passengers are voicing their frustrations, with many taking to social media to share their experiences. On person wrote: "@easyJet what are you paying for at @BristolAirport. Only half the security lanes open and not FastTrack. 2 hrs to get through. Queues started 300m on road outside." Another said: "Queue to get in the terminal at 5:15 at @BristolAirport. At least the sky is pretty". According to the Bristol Post, Bristol Airport has previously apologised for the disruption and has issued another statement today (May 30). A spokesperson said: "We appreciate the frustration experienced by customers early this morning and are sorry for the long queues at security. "We’ve fallen short this morning but the Bristol Airport team and our business partners are working hard to ensure all customers have a smooth and easy journey through the terminal. Each day over 80% of our customers experience less than a 20-minute security queue time, it is only during peak flight operations we extend beyond this – we are focussed on improving this.” Passengers flying back to Manchester on Saturday (May 28) shared videos online of ‘hundreds’ of suitcases left ‘abandoned’ in the baggage halls. The passengers said that they waited hours for their own luggage to arrive, only to be told they would be unable to collect it. A spokesperson for Swissport said: “Half-term is always a busy time for airports and we know that they, as well as our airline partners, are currently experiencing a number of challenges which often have a knock-on effect on our work, exacerbating existing capacity challenges. "We understand how frustrating delays are for passengers so our staff will always try as hard as they can to find a solution. We will continue to collaborate with airports, airlines and other baggage handlers to minimise disruption wherever we can.” 