This comes after an exclusive poll for Express.co.uk revealed that more than half of people would vote to stay out of the EU if there was another referendum tomorrow. The result undermines the argument that another referendum would see the country vote to rejoin the bloc. In a poll of 1,624 UK voters, conducted by Techne UK across May 11 and 12, 51 percent of people said they would vote to stay out of the EU. Some 49 percent of those polled said they would rejoin. While Tory MP Mark Francois described the poll results as "reassuring", he told Express.co.uk that the Government should do more to showcase the "benefits of Brexit". The Chairman of the European Research Group said the Government can "do more in everyday terms" to "actively reverse" EU policy, accusing the bloc of having "interfered in all our lives for far too long". He said: "It is reassuring that polls still back our decision to leave the EU but we need to go further to demonstrate the benefits of Brexit. "At the major level, this means stressing the speedy vaccine roll-out, the ability to strike over 70 independent trade deals so far alone and also to pursue a more active foreign policy, for instance in strongly backing the Ukrainians against Putin’s barbaric invasion. "But we can also do more in everyday day terms, such as rolling back the ridiculous bureaucracy of GDPR through to abolishing those daft consent messages regarding cookies whenever you try to access the internet. "The EU has interfered in all our lives for far too long and we need to start actively reversing that." Meanwhile, leading Brexiteer MP Peter Bone previously said: "The Rejoiners are all saying that it is all negative but there are already lots of bonuses. READ MORE: Second referendum: UK would vote to stay out of the EU, poll shows "We need to talk more about the good things which are already happening." David Jones, Deputy Chairman of the European Research Group, told Express.co.uk that Jacob Rees-Mogg's role in serving as Minister for Brexit Opportunities would enable the UK to "maximise and communicate" the "benefits" of leaving the EU. Mr Jones continued: "Through the Brexit Freedoms Bill, he will be removing a huge number of EU regulations that hold us back. "That will take a little time, but we have already seen great benefits in the response to Covid, with Britain well ahead of the EU in the development, licensing and rollout of the vaccine." DON'T MISS: Sunak 'can't increase benefits' because of 'complicated' IT system [REPORT] 'There are pictures' John Curtice's bombshell to topple Boris [REVEAL] Putin embarrassed as citizens PAID to join Kremlin war march [INSIGHT] He said the UK is now a "free, independent country, able to make our own way in the world without waiting for 27 other countries to catch up", adding: "People understand that, and that is why they would vote to stay out of the EU." Long-time europsceptic Andrew Bridgen described the poll results as "both pleasing and encouraging", but said the UK has "not yet seen the full benefits of Brexit" as a result of the pandemic. He added: "I look forward to Jacob Rees-Mogg delivering legislation to remove onerous EU legislation from our statute book and freeing UK businesses to compete with the world. "Ultimately Brexit was about returning control of our democracy to the people and that’s what they voted for." The Techne poll revealed that not much has changed since people cast their votes in 2016, showing just a 1 percent shift from the 2016 result, where 51.9 percent of Britons voted to leave the EU. Of those who voted to leave in the EU referendum, 91 percent said they would stand by their decision. And of those who voted Remain, 92 percent said they would vote to rejoin.