Netflix has cancelled the development of Pearl, an animated series created by Meghan Markle, in a bid to cut costs. Loose Women host Jane Moore, 60, has reacted to the online streaming giant's decision to drop the cartoon series. The show, which was announced last year, is one of several projects being dropped by the platform. Last month, Netflix revealed a sharp fall in subscribers and warned millions more are set to quit the service. That wiped over $50bn off the company's market value as experts warned it faced a struggle to get back on track. Archewell Productions, the company formed by the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, announced last year that Meghan would be an executive producer of Pearl. READ MORE: Ray Liotta seen in last pictures with fiancée days before tragic death  The series was to be centred around the adventures of a 12-year-old girl, who is inspired by influential women in history. Writing in her column for The Sun, earlier this month, Jane said Meghan's series had "hit the buffers before its even started". The Loose Women host claimed if you "get woke, you go broke". She wrote: "No explanation was given, but money talks and perhaps someone high up the Netflix food chain has remembered the sage words of best-selling author John Ringo who, in 2018, coined the phrase 'get woke, go broke.'  "Which, in so many words, means that when a business tries to avoid backlash from noisy celebrities/activists by adopting their virtue-signalling group-think it suffers the financial consequences because it has alienated the ordinary people who actually buy its product. "And there are no greater group-think virtue-signallers than the Sussexes." Jane referenced the remake of the all-female versions of Ghostbusters and Ocean's 11, which she branded "commercial flops", declaring "cinemagoers didn’t feel the originals needed fixing". She added: "Perhaps Pearl — an animated 12-year-old 'who finds inspiration in influential women from history' and is reportedly based on Meghan as a young girl herself — might have been a ratings winner. DON'T MISS... Joan Collins' wardrobe malfunction as husband rescues star[LATEST]Only Fools and Horses David Jason in rare sighting at Clarkson's Farm[PICTURES]Amanda Holden, 51, causes stir with jaw-dropping nude snap[INSTAGRAM]  "But clearly there were concerns that she might have been languishing on the statistical equivalent of the seabed, alongside other televisual krill produced by people who think the public share their woke world view. "They don’t. And any business that alienates the masses that watch or buy their product to pander to the virtue-signalling few will suffer the financial consequences." In April, Netflix said its total number of subscribers had dropped by 200,000 in the first three months of this year, falling well short of its target. It also warned that some two million more users were likely to quit the service in the three months to July. Netflix did, however, confirm they will continue to work on a number of projects with Archewell Productions. This will include a documentary series called Heart of Invictus. The series will focus on athletes competing in the Invictus Games for injured veterans, an event founded by Prince Harry, in The Hague in 2022. Meanwhile, Harry and Meghan are set to return to the UK for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, to celebrate the monarch's 70-year reign next month.