Pep Guardiola has reminded Liverpool and Jurgen Klopp that Manchester City are 'still there' amid growing anticipation of a sensational quadruple. The Reds are seven games away from making history but could have to better Man City, chasing a bit of history of their own, in a second and third competition if they're to do so. In recent seasons, Liverpool and Man City have battled in one of the greatest rivalries in Premier League history. That rivalry has spilt outside of the top-flight this season, with the two heavyweights clashing in the FA Cup and one step away from setting up a showpiece Champions League final. Klopp's side profited from a sensational first half, in which they led 3-2, to dump the Citizens out of the FA Cup semi-finals at Wembley Stadium. And both clubs lead after the first legs of their respective Champions League last-four ties, set to be concluded next week. City lead the Reds by one point in the Premier League title race, so Guardiola and Co. could be the only force to stop Liverpool from completing a first-time-ever quadruple following their Carabao Cup success in February. JUST IN: Declan Rice reacts to Man Utd transfer rumours as teammates mock fee And the Catalan coach has reminded Klopp of exactly that, saying: "They are a fantastic team. We don't play to make it not possible for them to win the quadruple. We do it to try to win the Premier League and reach the final of the Champions League and try to win that for the first time. "This is what we want, not for them. I know talk is normal when you are close to doing something nobody else has done - we did a quadruple, but a little one - but it is not a problem. We are there still," Guardiola continued. READ MORE: Tottenham plans may frustrate Conte as he 'seeks eight signings' "It's important, but now the players know. We have five games - maybe six if we win on Wednesday - and if we win all of them, we will be Premier League champions, and we will reach the final of the Champions League." Both managers will go down as two of the all-time greats after creating monstrous teams that currently operate on a different level from any other in Europe. And May is set to host an explosive conclusion to yet another hard-fought battle on all fronts. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here