BAFTA viewers vented their fury after the popular Channel 4 drama took home zero awards, despite being nominated for seven. The BBC is also facing backlash after clips from the series were muted and censored during Sunday's BAFTA ceremony. It's A Sin, which was written by Russell T Davies, centres around a group of friends in London during the HIV/AIDS crisis throughout the 1980s and 1990s. The hard-hitting Channel 4 drama failed to secure an award during Sunday's awards ceremony including the gongs for best mini-series and best actor for Olly Alexander. To make matters worse, the BBC appeared to cut off the sound of clips used when stars David Carlyle and Callum Scott Howells were nominated in the supporting actor category. They lost out to Matthew Macfadyen for his role in the HBO series Succession. The sound appeared to be muted when an example of Callum and David's performances aired.   READ MORE: Lorraine staggered by Andrew's 'fat cow' comment to ex Sarah Viewers were left raging during the ceremony, with some branding the editing "absolutely shocking" after initially believing it was a blunder. George fumed on Twitter: "If BAFTA can’t even show a TV clip discussing HIV/AIDS without muting, how does wider society progress?" Katie Homer added: "They also muted clips from the show which I think is very concerning for all involved in producing the @BAFTA ceremony. "One thing not to give awards but censoring dialogue is a whole other level."  Christine Firby commented: "I noticed this too - thought it was my TV or a fault at their end - absolutely shocking if #BAFTAS did this to ‘It’s a Sin’ deliberately !! Answers are needed @BAFTA!!" (sic) Phoenix adde However, some BAFTA viewers did not believe the Channel 4 drama deserved to win any accolades. Sir Cody remarked: "It was good for raising awareness of important issues and parts of our history but it wasn't particularly good as a show, nor very well acted."  DON'T MISS...Olly Alexander looks almost unrecognisable at the BAFTA TV Awards [PICTURES] It's A Sin star 'didn't plan acting return' but role was too good [LATEST]Doctor Who: Olly Alexander speaks out on replacing Jodie Whittaker [INTERVIEW]  Stuart Borley exclaimed: "I think it suffered from timing. It was over a year ago but just about not eligible last year. It was incredible and will go down in history I’m sure." The award for best actor, which Years and Years singer Olly Alexander was nominated for, went to Sean Bean for his leading role in the prison drama Time. Olly's It's A Sin co-star Lydia West, who was nominated for leading actress, lost out to Killing Eve star Jodie Comer for her performance in Help. It's A Sin was also in the running to win the award for best mini-series, but BBC One drama Time walked away with the accolade.  The Channel 4 drama first aired in January 2021 and after a few weeks it was viewed more than 6.5 million times which made it the most binge-watched show on the channel. While the drama missed out on any BAFTAs, Callum Scott Howells recently received the best actor gong at the Royal Television Society Awards. Callum played the loveable character Colin Morris-Jones in It's A Sin whose storyline left viewers in tears. The BAFTA 2022 TV Awards are available to watch on BBC iPlayer. 