The Chancellor and his wife, Akshata Murty, have a combined £730m fortune. The total is four times that of Joe and Jess Thwaite, who last week won a record-breaking £184,262,899 on the Euromillions. The majority of the Chancellor’s family wealth comes from Mrs Murty’s £690million stake in IT giant Infosys - the Indian company co-founded by her billionaire father, NR Narayana Murthy. Earlier this week, Mr Sunak and his Indian heiress wife were named 222nd on the Sunday Times Rich List. The feat saw Mr Sunak become the first frontline politician to be named in the annual ranking since its inception in 1989. The couple joining the UK’s rich list comes just days after the politician warned the public “the next few months will be tough” amid the cost of living hike. This includes a £5million Santa Monica penthouse that overlooks the beach. Prior to becoming an MP, Mr Sunak worked as a hedge fund manager at Goldman Sachs. Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab said his Cabinet colleague is a “fantastic example” of a successful businessman who is dedicated to public service. Mr Raab said of Mr Sunak: “I think we want more of those people” and dismissed claims the Chancellor’s wealth meant he was out of touch with normal people during the cost of living crisis. Their entry into the list comes following reports that the Chancellor’s wife had claimed non-dom status to legally not pay tax on annual dividends she receives from a £690million stake in her family’s IT company. READ MORE: Pelosi issues trade deal warning amid concerns over hated Brexit deal The 42-year-old later agreed to pay UK taxes on her worldwide income following a public outcry. In contrast, Joe and Jess, a couple from Gloucester, scooped their fortune through a lucky dip ticket. The previous record for the top EuroMillions win was £170million which was scooped by an anonymous ticket holder in October 2019. Mr Thwaite made the discovery of his and his wife’s win when getting up early in the morning to walk their dogs. DON'T MISS Labour MP reveals Boris Johnson’s tax cut plot ‘Not helping people!' [INSIGHT] Farage hands PM plan for 'cheaper, more reliable energy' [REVEAL] Ireland expert savages Liz Truss 'big lie' on Brexit deal [REPORT] He said “he didn't know what to do” when discovering the sum of their win. Mr Thwaite said: “I couldn't go back to sleep, I didn't want to wake Jess up so I just laid there for what seemed like forever.” The couple said that scooping the prize will give them “time to share lots of experiences and go on adventures with our family and friends”. The previous record of £170m was claimed by an anonymous player but prior to this, the highest named winners are Colin and Chris Weir, from North Ayrshire, who won £161m in 2011. Billionaire brothers Sri and Gopi Hinduja claimed the top spot on the Sunday Times Rich List with an eye-watering fortune of £28.47billion. The incomprehensible figure is the largest fortune recorded in the 34 years of publication of the Rich List. The siblings run the Mumbai-based conglomerate Hinduja Group and saw their wealth increase by more than £11billion compared to last year. Inventor Sir James Dyson and his family claimed the second spot in the rankings after a £6.7billion increase to £23billion. Property investors David and Simon Reuben meanwhile were third with £22.26billion.