Richard Palmer said that while polling has shown that “some people would quite like” to see the duchess of Sussex get involved in politics in the US, he questioned how Ms Markle would handle the attention. He said that given how “badly” she dealt with the pressures of being in the royal family, it beggars belief that she could handle the attention that comes with being a politician. Mr Palmer told the Express Royal Round Up: “Talking of politics, that’s really set readers off, hasn’t it, the speculation that Meghan would like a career in US politics. “And I think there was some polling showing that some people would quite like that. “I just can’t see it. I mean, I think obviously it doesn’t go with being a duchess. She would have to give that up. “And I just think they are so thin-skinned, I mean they handled the attention that comes with being a member of the royal family so badly that I just don’t see how she could handle being a politician.” While Ms Markle has never publicly expressed a desire to run for office, she has a history of political activity. And while she would have to relinquish her title as duchess should she proceed with politics, having already left the royal family the fallout would be much less serious. The duchess reportedly showed an interest in politics as early as her university days. She graduated from the prestigious Northwestern University in Illinois with a double major bachelor’s degree in theatre and international studies. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan exit would have gone 'differently' if Diana was alive [INSIGHT] The duchess famously completed an internship at the US embassy in Buenos Aires, Argentina during her college years. When Ms Markle joined the royal family, the Queen afforded her the role of vice-chairman of the Commonwealth Foundation. Royal author Tina Brown claimed that given “Meghan said she had a huge desire to do some global, humanitarian work”, she thought the role would have suited the former actress perfectly. Ms Brown said there was “no better platform” than the vice-chairmanship to talk about “women’s education or the question of minorities”. DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry had to grapple with 'lot of disdain' from royal aides [REPORT]Meghan and Harry 'need to keep royal branding' to ensure 'relevance' [REVEAL] Netflix should cancel deal with Meghan and Harry: 'Total waste' – POLL [POLL] After leaving the royal family at the end of March 2020, Ms Markle carried out a number of political actions. She started campaigning for voter registration in the US ahead of that year’s presidential elections. In October, 2021, she also wrote a letter to the US Senate majority leader, Chuck Schumer, and the speaker of the house Nancy Pelosi. The letter was written in support of the Paid Leave for All campaign to win paid family and medical leave for all working people.