WARNING: The following article contains spoilers from Stranger Things season four episodes one to seven. In the first episode of season four, cheerleader Chrissy (played by Grace Van Dien) sees a demon like figure and is later possessed by them. The demon, who is later identified as Vecna, kills Chrissy before later targeting Fred Benson (Logan Riley Bruner). Unsurprisingly, Nancy (Natalia Dyer), Dustin (Gaten Matarazzo), Lucas (Caleb McLaughlin), Max (Sadie Sink) and Steve (Joe Keery) decide to investigate their deaths and track down Vecna. What follows is a shocking turn of events which sees Nancy uncover Vecna’s link to murderer Victor Creel (Robert Englund). At the same time, Eleven, who has returned to Dr Brenner (Matthew Modine) to recover her powers, learns how she helped create the Upside Down and Vecna’s origin. In the final 30 minutes of episode seven, it was revealed Vecna is actually Victor Creel’s son, who wanted to take over the world. Victor had believed his son was “sensitive” to the world but in fact, he had powers just like Eleven. Peter Ballard, known as a boy as Henry, is actually One and was the first child Dr Brenner worked with who had powers. As Peter explained how he came into Dr Brenner’s care to Eleven, in the Upside Down, Nancy watched him as a young child kill his mother and sister and torture his father, Victor. READ MORE: BBC star in bias row after false claim over death of cleaner “Like you I didn’t fit in with the other children,” explained Peter. “Something was wrong with me. “All of the teachers and the doctors said I was ‘broken’, they said. My parents thought a change of scenery, a fresh change in Hawkins might just cure me. “It was absurd. As if the world would be any different here.” Peter was seen as a child discovering a nest of Black Widow spiders and became fascinated by them. “They are gods of our world, the most important of all predators, they immobilise and feed on the weak, bringing order and balance to an unstable ecosystem,” he explained. “But the human world was disrupting this harmony, you see, humans are a unique type of pest, multiplying and poisoning our world all while enforcing a structure of their own - a deeply unnatural structure. “Where others saw order, I saw a straightjacket. A cruel, oppressive world dictated by rules, seconds, minutes, hours, days, weeks, months, years, decades, each life a faded, lesser copy of the one before. Wake up, eat, sleep, reproduce and die. “Everyone is just waiting, waiting for it all to be over all while performing in a silly, terrible play, day after day.” Peter explained he “could not” follow the order and decided to take matters into his own hands. Using his powers, he looked into his parents’ past and reflected terrible moments of their lives back to them. He revealed his father, Victor, believed their home to be possessed but his mother knew something was different with her son. DON'T MISS...Stranger Things season 4 part 1 ending explained: Does Steve die? [EXPLAINER]Stranger Things season 4 episode 8 release date: When is it back? [UPDATE]Stranger Things season 4: Content warning added after Texas shooting [INSIGHT] As his parents decided to send him to a new doctor, Peter used his powers to kill his mother and sister. He was exhausted by the use of his powers and slipped into a coma and taken to hospital. As a result, Victor was accused of killing his family and sent to a secure hospital where doctors believed he was mentally ill. In fact, Victor had simply been tortured by his own son, Peter, who became One. Once Peter was out of his coma, he was put into the care of Dr Brenner, who began experimenting on him. He was so stunned by his powers he created more children like him, which led to the birth of Eleven, and many others. But Dr Brenner could not control Peter, and made him a prisoner at the Hawkins Lab, with a tracker in his neck to stop him using his powers or from escaping. Peter, who as an adult worked at the Lab, tricked Eleven into ripping out the tracker in his neck so his powers could be restored and as revenge on Dr Brenner, One killed the doctors, nurses and other children in the lab. Eleven was horrified when she learned the truth about Peter and refused to join him and his cause to take over the world. Peter tried to kill Eleven in the same way Vecna had possessed Chrissy and Fred before murdering them. However, Eleven had the power to fight back and inadvertently created the Upside Down where she sent Peter, who became Vecna. The final moments saw Peter transform into Vecna and become part of the Upside Down, with him slowly becoming the monster Max saw when he tried to possess her. As Nancy learned the truth abut Vecna’s origin, the vines holding the monster in the Upside Down, slid away from his wrist which revealed the tattoo “001” confirming he was One. The shocking revelation will no doubt have fans desperate for answers and there’s fortunately not too long to wait with the final two episodes dropping on Netflix on July 1. Stranger Things season 1-4, part 1, are streaming on Netflix now.