Sinead Tinker’s (played by Katie McGlynn) death was one of Coronation Street’s most emotional exit storylines with the young mum losing her battle with cervical cancer after suspending treatment to give birth to her son Bertie. However, in a recent interview, ITV soap star Katie teased the possibility of her returning to the cobbles. Coronation Street viewers were left heartbroken when Sinead tragically died leaving behind her husband Daniel Osbourne (Rob Mallard) and their son Bertie. But, it seems there may be a way for soap fans to see Katie back in Weatherfield. During an appearance at the MEN Pride of Manchester awards last week, the actress was asked about her time on the cobbles. She was asked whether she would be interested in being a part of a long lost twin storyline. Read more: Coronation Street's Jacob star slams cancel culture “Let’s get it in the pipeline, let’s ring up the writers,” Katie joked. “No, but I think because I had such an amazing time there, I wouldn’t want to try and do it again. “My time there was precious,” the ITV soap star told the Daily Star. "It’s like when you go on holiday somewhere and you don’t want to go back to the same place because you had such a good time doing it." “I mean it’s kind of impossible because I’m dead,” she added. “But I would love to go back there just to see all my friends and my family there - because they are like a family.” Although Katie may not be eager to return because of the “precious” experience she enjoyed, another actress could take on the role of Sinead’s twin or long lost relative. Since Sinead’s death, Daniel embarked on a romance with Daisy Midgley (Charlotte Jordan). DON'T MISSCoronation Street theory: Max Turner's boyfriend unmasked  [SPOILER]Coronation Street theory: Jacob Hay involved in Underworld takeover [THEORY]Coronation Street’s Jennie McAlpine ‘gutted’ over Fiz storyline [INSIGHT] However, the barmaid furiously dumped her boyfriend when he accused her of leaking explicit pictures of Nicky Wheatley (Kimberley Hart-Simpson). The arrival of a relative of Sinead could confuse matters further for Daniel as he tries to navigate life as a widow. Will Daisy ever forgive him for the betrayal or will he be forced to move on? Coronation Street fans will remember Daniel opening up to former sex worker Nicky in the aftermath of Sinead’s death. Although she insisted she wasn’t interested in the father-of-one to Daisy, Nicky reveals her true feelings in upcoming scenes. Later this week, she tells Daniel they could have a future together but how will he react? Daniel’s relationship with Daisy didn’t get off to the best of starts but fans will know the barmaid cared deeply about him. Will the teacher realise he’s met to be with Daisy or will he confess he has feelings for Nicky instead? Coronation Street airs on ITV on Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 8pm.