Meghan Markle officially joined the Royal Family in 2018 after tying the knot with Prince Harry. It has previously been reported that 40-year-old has always "had political ambitions", even prior to joining the royal fold. Former Secretary of State David Mellor has warned Prince Charles that Meghan's political ambitions are a risk to the monarchy and claims that he has got "serious problems". Speaking on GB News, Mr Mellor said: "Joe Biden has a sister, who seems as intellectually switched on as he is, and she began an interview by saying she thought Meghan Marke should become a member of the democratic party and ended up backing her for president". He added: "Getting back to where we were with Charles, this is where Charles has got problems, I mean, serious problems. "Here is somebody who never really signed up to be a working member of the Royal Family, what she [Meghan] wanted to be was to have the mantle of Diana thrusted upon her so she could do whatever she wanted". He claimed there is "no end to her volting ambitions". READ MORE: ‘She absolutely goes mad' Mike Tindall in candid admission about daughter Mia He continued: "She was never Grace Kelly when she was an actress. "We always think of poor old Grace Kelly ending up in Monaco but she was a star actress, you know. "This wonderful woman, that we all so admire, worked on a soap in Toronto but now she's catapulted into the big league. "I think she thinks she could be the president of the United States". READ MORE: 'What she would know?!' Meghan Markle savaged after grandstanding over working mothers The Biden family have maintained positive relations with Meghan and Prince Harry. In an interview with Good Morning Britain, Ms Biden Owens, 76, suggested that the former Suits actress would make a good presidential candidate. She was asked whether she thought Meghan would “make a good presidential candidate one day". Ms Biden Owens replied: “Yes, perhaps. Of course she will.” DON'T MISS After questions arose for a UK return, it has been confirmed that Meghan and Harry will visit the UK to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. Next month, they couple will be flying to the UK with their two young children. It will be the first time that Her Majesty The Queen will meet her namesake great-granddaughter, Lilibet, in person.