Chelsea have reportedly denied claims of a bust-up between Thomas Tuchel and Marcos Alonso after blowing a two-goal lead against Wolves. The Blues' meltdown leaves them winless in their past three games as Tuchel faces a fight to stop the season ending on a sour note. Romelu Lukaku's first Premier League goals of 2022 looked to be the key storyline at Stamford Bridge, but the two-goal cushion was slashed by Francisco Trincao with 10 minutes to play. Conor Coady tapped into his newfound goal-scoring knack deep into stoppage time to complete the unlikely comeback and compound Chelsea's misery. Alonso was hauled off at half-time amid rumours of a row with Tuchel. The boss later admitted that the substitution was not motivated by injury, having seen enough to send Saul Niguez on after just 45 minutes. Since then, GOAL have said the club have denied claims that the manager and player fell out at half-time. Tuchel did, however, drag the players in for training on Sunday, which is normally their day off, as those who played were forced to do an extra gym session and those who didn't were sent out onto the practice pitches. JUST IN: Eddie Nketiah offered Arsenal escape route despite recent heroics Alonso is believed to be in line to start against Leeds United on Wednesday evening. The long-term injury to Ben Chilwell continues to land the Spaniard with regular game time despite his inconsistent form. The 31-year-old is approaching the final two years of his contract at The Bridge amid talk that he could look to take on a new challenge this summer. A return to his homeland may prove too tempting to turn down with Barcelona expected to launch a move. DON'T MISSArsenal learn Napoli's asking price for Ruiz as Arteta eyes transferArsenal star Martin Odegaard thrown in at deep end by Mikel ArtetaArteta risks making familiar mistake as Arsenal make Elneny U-turn  Alonso's exit could form part of a huge defensive exodus under Tuchel with Andreas Christensen, Cesar Azpilicueta and Antonio Rudiger all expected to leave. Summer recruitment will therefore be high on the boss' priority list, even if returning youngsters like Levi Colwill are expected to make up the numbers and provide extra options for next campaign. At the turn of the year, it was unthinkable that Chelsea could get dragged into a battle to finish in the Champions League spaces, but their recent run of form has left them just one point above fourth-placed Arsenal. The Blues' European aspirations are likely to be salvaged, however, by the fact that the Gunners will face Tottenham in a crunch clash this week.  "It always starts with me," acknowledged Tuchel after dropping points against Wolves. "So I ask myself did I lose my five per cent, two per cent? Where could I have done… where was my influence? "You need to come up with solutions. So the solution is, in the end, in my experience, most of the time, on the training pitch. You can talk about it and hold speeches and show videos and whatever, but in the end, it's the best thing to react on the training pitch because that is what brought us there."