Rick Stein will be back on BBC Two for the second instalment in his culinary series Rick Stein's Secret France. Viewers get to follow the 75-year-old's journey as he travels up and down the country in search of France's best kept gastronomic secrets. The six-part season shows another part of his adventures every Tuesday with the next episode showing on May 10, at 7pm on BBC Two. Rick Stein has three grown-up children with his ex-wife Jill Newstead who he was with for 31 years. His sons are Edward, Jack and Charles who all have thriving careers in different areas of work. Stein's eldest Edward is a sculptor who now helps his mum Jill with the interior design of her restaurants. Edward assisted in the renovation of the Winchester restaurant as well as the Cornish Arms in St Merryn which she runs with her ex-husband. READ MORE: Colin Murray to replace Anne Robinson on Countdown in temporary role Stein's middle child Jack has followed in his father's footsteps by pursuing a career in the food industry. He works as a Chef Director of the Stein restaurants' menus, gaining the role after travelling the world to train as a chef. Jack now has his own cookery courses at Rick Stein's Cookery School where people can learn to recreate some of his delicious dishes. Back in 2018, he opened up about how his dad Rick was an inspiration to him. "He [Rick Stein] has shown me many things, and taken me to many places, of which I am extremely thankful. Weirdly, he didn’t want me to follow him into the kitchen," Stein told the Metro. "He only ever gave me one cooking tip when I was doing my GCSE revision – he came into the kitchen at home after a few ‘shandies’ and showed me how to slice bread, which was weird. "It is great to say that your dad is your hero, both culinary and in real life. "He really is like his TV persona; he is kind and funny and can cook like no one else." DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan’s new show battered by GB News in ratings [EXPLAINER]How to find 'hidden gem of restaurant' when on holiday [TIPS]Rick Stein age: How old is TV chef Rick Stein? [AGE] While Stein's youngest son isn't a chef, he does have some involvement in his businesses. Charlie Stein is the co-founder of Vintners, a wine merchants in west London which supplies Rick's restaurants in the Cornwall area. Rick is no longer with the mother of his three sons after having a five-year long affair with his Australian publicist Sarah Burns. They married in 2011 but the TV chef still retains an amicable relationship with his ex-wife. Rick Stein's Secret France, season one, episode two will be entitled Alsace, Jura and Burgundy. The synopsis for the instalment reads: "Rick's journey takes him through France's eastern border regions of Alsace and Jura, home to his favourite French dish, choucroute garnie, and favourite French cheese, comté." Secret France will be shown on BBC Two until the series finale which comes out on Tuesday, June 7. Rick Stein's Secret France continues every Tuesday at 7pm on BBC Two.