Aries (Mar21/Apr20) Be patient. You'll never be able to master all aspects of your life. The best way to deal with what isn't possible is to focus on the areas in your life that you are comfortable with. Patience will yield good results. On the 12th, you might be thinking about various areas of your existence, including your relationships. Are there equal amounts of giving and taking at home as well as at work? Are all parties contributing equally? Are you content with the level of effort certain friendships and relationships demand of you? Or is one of them becoming demanding? If you find that any part of your life is exhausting or like you're not worthy of the effort, that's the signal that it's time to change your ways. Your earnings will get an increase that is pleasing due to a spouse or loved one's luck. Financial interests shared by both of you will be a major aspect during the first part of this month. You should have time to discuss the changes you want to make before you begin making plans on your own, as your partner could have different suggestions. Financial dealings with a partner are beneficial to both of you. When you reach the close of the month, you will be in better control of your finances than you have ever felt before. Find your passion. If you pursue what you enjoy, that is when your heart can be fully expressed which can enable you to progress towards your ultimate objectives. A chance could arise on the 20th, with an opportunity to take an apprenticeship or to learn in a field that has always been a fascination for you. Keep an eye out for the opportunity to apply your creative talents to work on a group project before the month closes. Taurus (Apr21/May21) You will feel as if you're growing daily both spiritually and in many different ways. It's time to accept the person who you know inside your heart that you are supposed to be. It’s time to accept yourself for who you truly are. This is the right time to make a plan for your relationships and life. If your life isn't going in the direction you want, regardless of whether it's your career, your love life or family activities, take action now. Do whatever you think is necessary to change direction. Remind yourself that you're the master of your personal destiny and that is true for your relationships. If you've been doing things to please people, it's time to rethink whether this is the right thing for you. And how can you satisfy yourself? If it's the work, money or other initiatives, it's essential to remain open and focussed. It’s also helpful to be aware that you don't have to handle everything by yourself. Contact a professional for guidance, support and advice. Take advantage of assistance when it's provided. If you need help, ask for it when it isn't being given. A joint financial agreement might be an excellent idea for the 13th, but given Mercury retrograde, it’s worth giving the idea some thought prior to making any long-term commitment. You're ready to step ahead and be the person you are and were created to be. If that means a change to your career plan and direction, then go for it. You can't continue to live an existence that is unreal and not fulfilling. Make sure that you share the thoughts you have and your feelings more freely. Don't feel shy to express your opinions. In the same way that you listen to other people, your thoughts are just as important. Be sure to be clear about what you're thinking. Gemini (May22/June21) In the midst of your ruler, Mercury being retrograde throughout the month, you will need to collect additional information prior to making a decision on what you want to accomplish. You've taken a detour off the path you have chosen, but it could be needed to acquire experience in different areas. Now you are contemplating whether you're on the right path. Don’t worry as every path will lead you to an identical point. If you find the path to be difficult, it's because there are essential lessons to learn throughout the journey. Changes are likely to occur for you in the near future and it will be worth celebrating. Friends will gather for more than just celebrating but to just have fun with each other. It's a sense of gratitude for the lovely people within your circle of friends. There are going to be challenges but you've got the proper amount of support to help you conquer any challenge that you face. The 20th could reveal more about discovering something you didn't know about your partner. Are you married? The spark of romance can ignite spontaneously as the month closes. Make sure you visualise yourself reaching financial objectives. If you are focused on abundance and adopt an appreciation mindset, wealth in all forms will blossom and flow effortlessly through your life. Financial matters will see rapid and satisfying progress after the 25th. Keep moving toward your dreams, hopes and goals. Believe that you're in the right direction even when you encounter delays. The progress will be evident when you stick to your path. If you quit and give up, you will never succeed in anything. Do you allow other people's opinions to hinder your advancement? It is crucial to be confident in your own abilities. Cancer (June22/July23) The changes that are taking place right today aren't just random events. These are all part of an overall plan which will get you to where you're supposed to be. Are you transferring your power to others, giving them the ability to manage any situation? Have you fallen into the habit of following a friend or partner's plans to make the lives of everyone involved easier? Do you really desire? It is best to agree on arrangements jointly. You've fallen out of touch with your personal thoughts and feelings when you put the needs of others before your own. Balance is essential throughout your life, not just your relationships. This month, be focused on your requirements and the requirements of those most important to you. Then the rest will fall into place. It's not always easy to pay attention to the financial aspects when there are plenty of other things that are on your mind. In the meantime, you are compelled to discover new ways to make savings or earn money. Start early with these issues and the remainder of the month will be fairly free of financial stress. Your colleagues aren't going to have much fun when the month starts. You're aware of what they're going through and the support and help that you provide will be remembered for many years to come. It's time to sort things out and look towards the future. Discussions that begin in mid-May will be expanded to include topics you've never considered before. There are plenty of assertions to be agreed upon and these are issues that are of some significance. When you're done, you'll be able to have some enjoyment. Sometimes it’s necessary to get your mind off work and bring a bit of tranquillity to your daily life. READ MORE: Horoscopes & love: Leo to hold off with romantic actions Leo (July24/Aug23) You're at the edge of making a breakthrough. Keep your eyes on the prize and don't lose the possibility of success. Believe in yourself and you will be able to attract positive opportunities. Friends trust you to give them good guidance and you'll be able to offer any person a listening ear if they need one, but when May is about to begin it's important to include 'you' and your own needs to the priority list. It isn't possible to be everything to everyone, and you're starting to realise this. The events of the 14th will keep you on the lookout for the happenings in the world around you. Don't be surprised when you discover a shady secret that you hoped not to discover. It’s foolish of you to not consider the importance of planning your household financial affairs with care. You must ensure that every member of your family who is financially able, pay their fair share. Don’t let anyone irritate you if they disagree with your suggestions. After everything is sorted out, financial concerns are able to be eliminated from the equation as the future will be better. You may be wondering if an employment conflict is ever going to be concluded. It could be your responsibility to take action. If you feel like the argument is going around in circles, you may decide to take the time to step back and allow everyone some room. That doesn't mean you're going to back down, you're taking the time to let the dust settle before you return to the issue in a different way. The emphasis shifts around 23rd, to the social aspects of your life. A fortunate opportunity could be connected with an old friend. Virgo (Aug24/Sept23) An increase in desire to take care of yourself and alternative therapies could motivate you to bring more colour to your lifestyle or enrol in a class in aromatherapy, acupuncture, massage or meditation. Herbal remedies are sure to be an attraction for you right now. You're not just conscious of the importance of maintaining close relationships, but you're also keen to improve how you relate to yourself. It requires perseverance, patience and understanding to create an effective relationship. Be sure to give the friendships and relationships that you have in your life the time they require to develop. Also, spending time in peaceful contemplation can help you reconnect to your own inner self and be aware of what you require to achieve happiness. The financial situation is getting better. There's an increasing sense of optimism for the future and your confidence is making you shine. Someone in your family or a friend in the family could win money or get an unspecified amount of money which gives everyone something to be happy about. Don't miss the chance to look into new financial ventures. It's best to seek advice from an expert prior to making any commitments. You've always been adamant about working hard and although it'll require a lot of effort and determination, you'll be able to squeeze into all the responsibilities at this point. Reviewing what has worked for you in the past can assist you in making good decisions today. Avoid making snap decisions when the ruler of your life Mercury is in retrograde. You may struggle to discern the direction certain areas of your life will take. It’s a good time to step back and think about how you will manage a potentially stressful and complicated situation so that you are fully ready for the path ahead.  Libra (Sept24/Oct23) What you're experiencing will teach you how looking within yourself to find happiness can result in more happiness rather than relying on others or the world around you. An optimistic state of mind will allow you to maintain good health and household projects will be successful. It’s not advisable to look too deeply into conversations that occur early in the month. However, it could provide an indication of how the mood is around you, as well as what's coming up in the coming weeks. A relationship that is new can be elevated to a higher stage that can bring greater satisfaction and a sense of security. A long-term relationship that has recently been in a difficult period can be revived by affection, love and care. A trusted friend or family member can offer some helpful advice and it will be an influence on your financial situation. You'll be willing to accept suggestions regarding how you can best manage your finances. Between the 10th and 21st, the financial burden will be eliminated completely from your lifestyle. It will give you a great feeling of relief. If you're seeking something cheap as the month comes to an end, you'll find an item that is very good but costs very little. There are a lot of dramas taking place. It’s possible to feel pushed into two directions. It could appear as if individuals make too much of something that shouldn't be causing numerous problems. If you're responsible for an initiative, you'll be giving everyone the opportunity to speak out. It can also help to ensure that your group is given a variety of options. It’s possible to take on some new ideas as May comes to an end. Scorpio (Oct24/Nov22) There will be a reason when the month gets underway to reflect on the many benefits of the friendships and relationships you've got throughout your day. This will motivate you to think of ways to let others know that you cherish and value them. Are you dating? Like flowers in the flowering stage, a relationship is at a point of possibility. A new partnership can bring you happiness in the future provided it’s given love and attention to allow it to grow and flourish. A flower is a follower of the Sun, due to its brightness and warmth there are many who will follow you due to the fact that they admire your talents in leadership, your ability to lead and the direction you provide. After a costly beginning to the month, more costs will be incurred on the 13th, and there's nothing you can do about it. Your earnings are fairly stable, therefore a bit of slashing your spending could be the best solution. Since you're already strapped to the limit, it can be difficult to take additional cuts. However, you're not the only person in this situation and there will be plenty of support for you. Making an offer or spotting an opportunity to expand your business can bring about a period of expansion for you. You're taking a more mature approach to life and obligations and this could cause you to think that it's time to end certain relationships and circumstances. A focus on your own goals will provide a great deal of satisfaction when May is over. It's the perfect opportunity to explore new abilities as well as to expand your areas. You'll be confident about letting your family and friends know more about your exciting plans while keeping yourself hidden away. Sagittarius (Nov23/Dec21) Your keen sense of smell will help you identify opportunities that are headed in your direction. It's amazing that a surprise travel opportunity falls into your lap.is made for you, but don’t ask too many questions. Simply make use of your luck while you have the chance. There are lots of exciting things happening at the moment that will draw your attention. The importance of relationships is that you are also important and taking the time to care for yourself will make you feel better physically as well as emotionally. Be who you are and don't attempt to be someone that you're not, just to please other people. Spend a few minutes every day to connect to your higher self. Play music, meditate or simply take an excursion outdoors. Keep your mind active by engaging in activities that stimulate your mind and make you feel good. The financial picture is stable but remains open for improvements. No matter if you write, paint, cook, sew or sing, anyone has the capacity to be imaginative. Relax and enjoy yourself by establishing an entirely new routine. Take a bubble bath, enjoy an iced beverage and take a stroll through the natural world. Connecting to nature will boost your energy levels and send love signals out to the Universe. The signal you send will become an illuminating light, bringing love connections and opportunities for you. It’s important to make it a habit of focusing on your personal tasks as May gets underway. This is not the best time to allow others to distract you away from your goals. A workplace conflict could be so intense that a superior employee may be required to intervene and take action. An apology could have to be repeated in order to address an issue that causes tension. New guidelines are scheduled to be implemented and are expected to ease your burden in the near future. Capricorn (Dec22/Jan20) After having to face several annoyances earlier in the month on the 8th, you'll begin adopting a calmer approach to life. This is the time when you discover that things aren't quite so bad as you initially thought. Changes that occur around 14th will provide a sense of positive outlook for the coming days. It's not a good idea to spend time with your friends in place of a romantic relationship that has just begun. If someone within your circle is trying to tell you a person you've just begun dating isn't worth the effort, you'd prefer to follow your gut instincts. Don’t listen to any biased suggestions. The social scene will appear to be accelerating around the 20th, when you may be determined to compensate for the lack of enjoyment and pleasure of earlier. You'll want to get away from routine and obligations for a brief period of time and if anyone suggests going on a trip, you won’t think twice about it. The recent money issues will begin to ease on the 14th and you'll be content to move forward with your new financial plans. Consider the opportunity to invest in items that will make your life enjoyable. This could be new clothes, spa treatments or a relaxing getaway. Be honest with the financial issues you have with your partner when the month comes to an end. It may feel at times like you're in the middle of nowhere, but don't worry as you’re on the verge of a breakthrough. At the end of May, you'll begin to see a change in your professional life. This will be a time of great opportunity to build your confidence to overcome any perceived obstacles. Staying with tasks that are part of your job title have started to become too restrictive. The challenge of taking on new tasks will be rewarding and exciting. Aquarius (Jan21/Feb19) You shouldn't leave anything to chance. There's a temptation to immerse your mind in fun activities, however, despite the relaxed mood, your eyes are firmly on the future. The flames of love could be fading when May starts, however a surprising change about the 7th will shift the scales in the other direction. The romantic aspirations of yours are increased and you’re closer to achieving your most cherished wish. The joy of sharing special moments with your loved ones can remind you of the joys of life. Are you dating? The possibility of a holiday romance is possible. It will create a bonded feeling of a new relationship. A new job opportunity could, at some point, be perfect for you. In terms of both finances and work, it might take more than one attempt to accomplish your goals, but keep working and you'll get there. You'll be able to overcome any obstacles to work towards those things in your life that matter to you the most. This additional energy will assist you in overcoming any obstacles that hinder your progress. You're not sure what to do next in an issue and you’re trying to determine what you can do to achieve the best results. You may feel like you've outgrown certain things in your lives. It's time to overhaul your life and make certain you’re making the right choices. You must focus on the things you truly desire and then take it to the next level. An assignment you accept during the week of the 21st be a lot of work and time-consuming but it also shows the strategies your competitor uses to be successful. Be sure to speak up if you spot anyone trying to claim credit for the work you actually did. Pisces (Feb20/Mar20) A love for friendships and a romantic relationship will boost your confidence and strength. This is the perfect time to explore your heart's desires. Make sure you’re taking your creativity seriously. If you are in a calm state of mind, the month of May is the perfect time to let out your most intimate thoughts. Offer compliments whenever you feel you are due. Family and friends will be able to sense your sincerity. The kind gestures and offer of assistance will be sincerely accepted. Spending time with your partner will be the top priority in May. Are you dating? Being romantically involved might be the last thing you thought of, however, as the month draws to a close there may be someone unique by your side. An idea that can generate income is worth exploring. It doesn't matter if you're thinking of sharing your work with an agent, promoting your work online or launching your own blog is not important. The most important thing is that you're responsible for your happiness and that you are content to earn money doing something you really enjoy. Around the 16th is a great time to start an idea that you know will be beneficial for you both. There is a growing divide within the workplace, where the same group of people will take a different approach to the other. It’s possible that you will have to agree you're all heading in different directions. It is time to establish your goals and objectives. Nobody else can make this decision for you. There are a few decisions you must make for yourself. It is crucial to find the best way to channel your creative and positive energy.