Weeds are simply plants growing in the wrong areas, including the lawn. Common lawn weeds include dandelions, clovers, thistle and hairy crabgrass which can grow all over the garden and lawn if not eliminated as soon as they appear. According to one expert, gardeners can simply dig up the weeds using a spade or trowel. Tom Hilton, gardening expert and director of hydroponic specialists, National Greenhouse, explained: “Lawn care and ridding lawn weeds go hand in hand. “By being attentive to your lawn and keeping it healthy, you can help prevent weeds from gatecrashing the garden party. “For those who have finally dusted cobwebs off the garden furniture, ready for barbecues, only to discover a lawn populated by weeds, here’s what to do.” Whether they are dandelions, clovers or other weed variations, the expert recommended digging the weeds up as soon as they are spotted. READ MORE: Gardeners’ World: ‘Biggest mistake’ gardeners make caring for orchids This can be done with spades or trowels. The expert added: “When you dig, make sure you get the root and beyond, also paying attention to the surrounding area, to eliminate all traces of root. “You may need to use grass seed and compost to fill in any patches. “When doing this, just sprinkle some seeds over the compost before you water the patch, ensuring you keep the patch moist until the seeds have germinated. DON'T MISS:‘Effective yet affordable’ ways to clean radiators properly [EXPERT]Mrs Hinch fan shares ‘best’ way to clean ‘smeary’ mirrors [EXPLAINER]Lyme Regis: The £2m property, the doer-upper & the average home [PICTURES] “Another way to eliminate weeds is by using weed killer. “Make sure the chemicals only target the weeds, and that the lawn is not brand new.” The lawn must have been established for several months before using a weed killer on it. There are also preventative treatments on the market to help prevent weeds and moss from appearing. Tom added: “These can provide your lawn with the key nutrients it needs in its root system whilst eradicating any unwanted growth in the lawn. “These are long-term methods as it can take weeks to see the weeds and moss blacken, which means the treatment is working its magic. “When that happens, collect the pests up and reseed if you need to. “These treatments are very effective as they get right into the system underneath the lawn to kill off and prevent weed growth.” Along with lawn feeds and weed killers, the gardening expert said “meticulous” lawn care can also help to keep the garden weed-free. This means mowing the lawn every seven to 10 days, making sure to cut less than a third of the grass blade. Tom continued: “Keep in mind that during the warmer, drier season, you may need to extend the mowing interval to two weeks to allow the grass to get more stability in growth. “By keeping it trim, you keep it healthy and will be able to spot any signs of weeds or poor growth. “You may need to use fertiliser to give it a fresh, healthy kick, especially if it’s been abandoned. “Just make you’re not getting complacent during summer with garden parties and more time spent outside. “Avoid leaving heavy furniture on the lawn, this can damage the areas underneath and interrupt growth. “You need to let the lawn breathe, so move things around if you’re placing certain furniture and equipment pieces on the grass.”