While we were members of the EU, the easiest job in Britain must have been occupied by Civil Servants who would simply just interpret the EU rules and follow them as our own Government sat back and nodded through every law and rule change that the EU threw at us. Throughout the decades of EU membership, it was hardly worth having a British Government as the country was governed from outside by the EU. It is interesting to note that while we were members of the EU, our own representatives were listened to in the EU chambers, but politely ignored by the EU itself. The main purpose of the EU is indeed to make new rules and laws and ensure that all member states uphold those laws. We are supposedly free of our EU masters now, but we seem reluctant and nervous to take our own steps outside of the EU. Why? Is it because British MPs and Peers are so used to being told what to do and what not to do by the EU? It really is time to step forward out of the shadow of the EU and make bold steps forward, gaining strength as we learn to govern ourselves once again. What should we aim for as we learn to walk again? I suggest, look at VAT on gas and electricity prices, which is an EU scam raking in billions from an essential service that we all need. Support our own manufacturing bases; we have given so much of our own manufacturing to EU countries while having a gun put to our head by the EU.   Even things like Daddies sauce are manufactured in the EU and then transported to us using valuable fossil fuels. Why do EU countries own most of our transport network and sometimes even manufacture the rolling stock for our trains? We are certainly capable of organising transport networks ourselves, and in fact we introduced rail systems to many developing countries during the last century. Britain has certainly taken the lead with regard to supporting Ukraine, (I accept that not everyone agrees on this), but on domestic issues we seem tied to a World agenda rather than thinking and acting more ‘local.’ Let’s start taking the lead by supplying our own energy and sorting out our own tax system, and let’s start making things again, including those simple everyday items we use daily on our dinner tables. 