Meghan and Harry's biographer, Omid Scobie, said the couple didn't think it "appropriate" to appear on the balcony. However, he did say they were "very keen" to be part of other celebrations. It was recently revealed that, while Meghan and Harry will be flying back to the UK to join the Jubilee celebrations, taking place over the first weekend of June, they will not appear on the balcony after Trooping the Colour alongside senior members of the Royal Family. The Queen, 96, made the decision that only working members of the Royal Family would join her in the display. Writing about the decision for Yahoo, Mr Scobie said: "As is often the case, the reality is much less severe when you hear that Prince Harry had already spoken with his grandmother about the possibility of not attending Trooping the Colour long before last week's announcements. "I’m told by a source that the Duke of Sussex had actually expressed some time ago that he and Meghan were very keen to be a part of the Jubilee engagements, including the National Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral, but less so for the formal balcony moment, which was felt on both sides to be more appropriate for their lives prior to stepping back." Royal commentator Loni Love agreed, saying: "They didn’t ask to be on the balcony, so I think that’s the thing. "I think this is more about Prince Andrew and making sure he’s not on it than Harry and Meghan." Speaking to Marie Clare, she added: "They just added Harry and Meghan so it wouldn’t look [like] they snubbed Andrew." A total of 18 family members will appear on the balcony after Trooping the Colour: the Queen, Charles and Camilla; William and Kate with George, Charlotte and Louis; Edward and Sophie and their children, Louise and James; Princess Anne and Vice Admiral Sir Tim Laurence; the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester; the Duke of Kent and Princess Alexandra. Prince Andrew's daughters, Beatrice and Eugenie, will not appear on the balcony. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry rumoured to return to Frogmore Cottage Announcing their decision to return to the UK, a spokesperson for the Sussexes said: "Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex, are excited and honoured to attend The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations this June with their children." It is understood that the Queen will attend a number of engagements across the Jubilee weekend, despite ongoing concerns about her health. She is expected to attend the National Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral, Trooping the Colour and the Epsom Derby. However, the events will not be confirmed until closer to the time. DON'T MISS: 'Her memory is incredible' Royal chef lays bare Queen's sharp mind [REVEAL]James Corden told to 'stay in the USA' after backing Harry and Meghan [REACTION] Meghan Markle savaged after grandstanding over working mothers [OPINION] The Queen has had to cancel a number of engagements in recent weeks due to health issues. She was unable to attend the State Opening of Parliament last week, with Charles, 73, forced to deliver the Queen's Speech on her behalf. Until the day before the event, Buckingham Palace had repeatedly said the Queen still "hoped" to attend. The palace announced she had "reluctantly" taken the decision to pull out of the event, which she has only missed twice before. Her spokesperson said she is continuing to suffer from "episodic mobility problems".