While sand is a common tool in the golfing industry, it is less frequently used in domestic settings. However, with its host of benefits, this garden idea might just transform your lawn this summer. From its ability to prevent soil erosion to its supply of crucial nutrients, this accessible material is loved by experts who recommend bringing it into the garden this season. Here’s what you need to know. Reese L. Robbins, a gardening expert from Just Pure Gardening explained: “Sand is a natural product that is available everywhere. “It’s inexpensive, easy to obtain, and can be used in various ways. “It is a beneficial product that can improve the appearance of your lawn and shrubs.” Plus, for gardeners growing fruit or looking to improve your vegetable garden ideas, Reese suggests that sand will benefit crop growth too. READ MORE: Cleaning: ‘Great way’ to banish flies from homes - works ‘instantly’ Reese explained that one of the most impactful ways to use sand is to promote healthier soil and slow down erosion. However, she is not alone in her observations. RHS-trained gardener Simon Clifford said: “Adding sand to the lawn helps to improve the structure of the topsoil. “The perfect soil structure, known as loam, is a combination of sand, clay, and silt particles.” DON'T MISS: Estate agent advice: ‘Red flags’ to lookout for on property viewings [EXPERT]Cleaning: How to get rid of ants in homes - ‘easiest way’ [TIPS]Cleaning: I tested out Mrs Hinch fans’ 75p hack to clean oven racks [INSIGHT] Maintaining the right water levels on your lawn can feel like a challenge, especially in rainier climates. However, gardeners can use sand to control waterlogging for a healthier patch around the year. Simon explained: “Many lawns are laid onto a predominantly clay soil which is prone to waterlogging in the winter leading to excess moss build-up. “Introducing sand improves the drainage and provides a healthier soil to encourage growth and, ultimately, a healthier-looking lawn.” Those looking for a natural way to enrich their lawn, garden expert Daniel Akins from The Yardable suggests using sand too. If you use sand as a top-dressing, it will encourage “critical nutrients” to go deeper into the soil. This will then consequently support healthy growth. So, if you’re looking for ways to improve their wildlife garden ideas, then this sustainable material could be the simple solution you require. According to Daniel, gardeners can also use sand to “fill in bare spots caused by other reasons such as animal footprints”, which may otherwise use an unattractive scar on top-dressed areas. However, the expert warns that this will not work if there has been a lot of rain. Reese also shared a warning that gardeners should bear in mind when experimenting with sand on lawns. She said: “Too much of anything will have drawbacks. “It is essential to remember that you should not use too much sand as it will suffocate the lawn.”