Amber Heard has shown the jury two photos of her ex-husband Johnny Depp apparently passed out, with the actress claiming Johnny had been on a drugs binge. Johnny is suing Amber for defamation for a 2018 op ed she wrote in the Washington Post where she said she was a victim of domestic violence, as he says he was the implied abuser. He admits to taking drugs often during their relationship but has denied all accusations of domestic violence. The first picture showed Johnny slumped on a sofa, after an alleged drug binge with his friend, actor Paul Bettany, according to Amber's evidence in court. In the second photo, Johnny appears to be unconscious on the floor of his hotel room, and Amber claimed in court this was after a row where he accused her of cheating on him. READ MORE: Court hears Johnny Depp did 'cavity search' for drugs on Amber Heard During her direct examination, Amber also alleged Johnny would go on days-long drug benders. Aquaman star Amber is taking to the stand for the second time today, after she broke down in tears yesterday recalling the time she claimed Johnny first slapped her. She claimed in court he did so because she laughed at his ‘Wino forever’ tattoo, which he had altered from ‘Winona forever’ after his relationship with Winona Ryder ended. Johnny has maintained he has “never hit a woman”. Continuing in her direct examination, Amber claimed Johnny was jealous of James Franco, who she starred opposite in Pineapple Express. She claimed in evidence that Johnny called her a “nagging b***”, a “c***” and a “w***”, accusing her of having affairs with various co-stars and friends of theirs. Amber cried again as she alleged Johnny kicked her in the back during an aeroplane trip, and also as she recounted the happier early days of their romance, including his marriage proposal. Earlier on in the trial, Dr Dawn Hughes, a clinical and forensic psychologist and expert in interpersonal violence, abuse, and traumatic stress, took to the stand. DON'T MISS...Amber Heard sobs and tells court Johnny Depp kicked her to the groundCourt hears Johnny Depp did 'cavity search' for drugs on Amber HeardLoose Women's Charlene White bids farewell to ITV colleague She told the court: “Where when Mr Depp was drunk or high he threw her on the bed, ripped off her night gown and tried to have sex with her. “There were times when he forced her to give him oral sex, when he was angry. "These weren't in loving moments, these were angry moments, moments of dominance, moments of him trying to get control over her.” Dr Hughes said that Amber had told her Johnny accused men and women of “hitting on” Amber, and blamed Amber for it. "But on that incident when Kelly-Sue was accused of hitting on Miss Heard and they went back into a trailer, Mr Depp performed a cavity search and ostensibly was looking for drugs and felt it acceptable to rip off her nightgown and stick his fingers in her vagina to look for cocaine [he] thought that Miss Heard was hiding in there,” she continued. "Again these incidents often happened in a drug-fuelled rage." Dr Hughes also told the court the Captain Jack Sparrow actor had kicked, punched and choked Amber, and threatened to kill her. She added that she believed Amber’s life was in danger due to the risk of domestic violence in their marriage. The trial continues.  