These two vacuous women with nothing better to do than fritter away their husbands' millions took centre stage at the Royal Courts of Justice this week, each determined in their quest to wreak revenge on the other. And while the sensible thing to do as they scratch each other's eyes out with their acrylic talons would be to look away, the truth is we can't. It's compulsive - a horror show wrapped up in bitchiness, money and designer labels. Coleen Rooney and Rebekah Vardy have been scrapping for the best part of three years - years which have left them eaten up with suspicion and anger but most of all with a determination bordering on the fanatical - to emerge as Queen of The Wags. Most of us don't know all the ins and outs of what actually happened - in brief, Vardy is suing Coleen, who accused her of leaking information from Coleen's social media, whichVardy claims she didn't do. But then do we actually care? I've tried to read the nitty-gritty of the evidence but my brain feels like it's going to explode with the inanity of what these women talk about. I'd rather read all 599 pages of the EU/UK Brexit Withdrawal agreement - twice - than have to wade through the vapid conversations Vardy had with her mates about who's bedding who behind their husband's backs, which celebrity photoshops pics of themselves to look slimmer and the size of Peter Andre's "chipolata" (OK, that part WAS interesting). But it's all mindless drivel.And while this publicity hungry pair are clearly taking it all very seriously - no doubt egged on by friends who want to be part of the spectacle - the rest of us are just peeing ourselves laughing at two daft women who actually believe social media matters. Don't get me wrong, it's a fantastic spectacle. Just watching the two of them arrive at court has become the highlight of my morning - studying the lengths each will go to win that day's title for the Best Dressed. I find myself mentally totting up the cost of the designer bags, the scarletsoled stilettos, the Gucci loafers, the Prada dresses that are being paraded in an effort to say: "I AM the Queen."  But the truth is none of what is happening in the High Court is about justice. It's about the overblown egos of two rather vulgar women scrapping like cats in a sack. It's not classy and it's not pretty. You've got to pity the judge, Mrs Justice Steyn, whose vast legal talents are usually employed on serious cases involving Saudi arms deals and the like. The poor woman's brain must have atrophied this week having had to become an expert on emojis, Insta accounts, photoshopping and the sex lives of footballers and their wives. If I had to pick a winner, my money would be on Coleen but only because she's marginally less silly and overdone thanVardy. But the truth is, both women will lose this case whatever the judge rules. Because in the court of public opinion - which matters more to this pair than their own self-respect - both have shown themselves to be self-indulgent frivolous halfwits. At a time people are having to choose whether to eat or heat their homes and when we see Bowelbabe Dame Deborah James face the end of her life with courage and dignity, these two shame our sex.  They don't have the wit to just be grateful for their privileged lives - lives they have not got because of THEIR talents - but because they married blokes who could kick a ball about. You'd think they would look at a woman like Deborah, who even as her life ebbs away has raised £4million for cancer research in a week, and see what's really important isn't lawsuits, or handbags or who's the Wag Queen. It's being alive long enough to watch your kids grow up. To cuddle them. To travel down the years with the man you love. But you just know these two don't get that. Too thick. Too self-obsessed! -----------------------------------------  Three cheers for Trinny Woodall who has built a £180million cosmetics empire in lockdown. After the What Not To Wear clothes show was axed Trinny went from a six-figure salary to virtually nothing. So, she sold half of her wardrobe for £60,000, rented out her Notting Hill home, hustled £7million from investors, one of whom was boyfriend Charles Saatchi, and four years later the company is worth £180million thanks to her determination and hard graft. I keep trying to buy something she does called Miracle Blur, which hides wrinkles, but every time I go into a store the queue is a mile long and I never get it. I'm a victim of her success!  ----------------------------------------- The side show at the Royal Courts of Justice this week has been Wayne Rooney's "potato head" and the fact his neck appears to have disappeared entirely into his shoulders. And while we're talking about Wayne, why haven't he and Jamie Vardy turned off the money tap and told their wives to stop their nonsense and get back to doing what they do best - shopping! ----------------------------------------- Those still screaming that the Rwanda scheme is inhuman are now trying to stop it, claiming it'll cost £12,000 to send each economic migrant there. So what? That's about the price it would cost to put them up in a hotel for three months after which we'd have to find them a house, pay for healthcare and schools. It's cheap at half the price. Rwanda is meant to be a deterrent - and it will the minute do-gooders and the greedy lawyers get off the case. When economic migrants realise they really could be sent to Rwanda they won't come. Which means no cost to the taxpayer at all. ----------------------------------------- I know Prince Charles did a great job State Opening of Parliament this week. I know he carried out his duties with great dignity. However, him sitting there staring at the Crown Her Maj should have been wearing was a portent of things to come. And it felt very wrong! -----------------------------------------  Understatement of the century goes to the North Yorks environmental health officer who, when axe-throwing club The Hilt applied for a licence to swig alcohol whilst competing, said: "Consuming alcohol whilst throwing axes would be a risk to the public." Not half, matey. Throwing axes while stone-cold sober seems a bit hari-kari to me but after six pints and a couple of whisky chasers a sizable chunk of the population could be wiped out in a night!  ----------------------------------------- Boris has ordered the axing of 91,000 civil service jobs to help free up billions for tax cuts. Good! And let's hope he starts with those whingeing, overpaid idle bods who are forever trying to thwart Government policies they don't like and who are STILL refusing to get their lazy backsides back to the office. -----------------------------------------  Ministers have said they can't stop murdering scum Levi Bellfield getting married in jail because of his "human rights". So this man who kidnapped, raped and murdered 13-year-old Milly Dowler gets to swagger around prison boasting about his fiancée because the Human Rights Act says he can? This is precisely why it needs to be replaced with the proposed Bill of Rights, which would allow the Government to intervene in such cases, but which Labour is currently trying to block. How much more do we want to hurt and insult the Dowler family and all those other families who've suffered like they have by affording the killers, the rapists and the paedos "rights" they should have forfeited the minute they took a life or wrecked one? Bellfield cannot be allowed to get married when thanks to him Milly Dowler never will. As for the woman he's marrying (he was introduced to her by - wait for it - the Yorkshire Ripper, Peter Sutcliffe) what kind of woman falls in love with a monster who rapes and kills teenage girls? The kind that's right up there in the depravity league herself!