Travelling with your own snacks is the obvious way to avoid overpriced and underwhelming plane food, but it’s not always as easy as you think to pack a tasty meal for your journey abroad. Airline rules can limit your choices when it comes to consuming your own items during a flight, but what do you need to know to avoid being caught out? Here are the current rules for Tui, British Airways and easyJet in full. Flying can be an expensive mode of transport, and paying for in-flight food can quickly rack up the price of your trip. Purchasing cheaper meal deals or even bringing your own home-cooked food is one of the best ways to cut costs, but what exactly can you take on board the plane? Salads, sandwiches and water are generally safe to travel with on most flights, though some items can be a grey area. These are the key rules you should know before stocking up on your in-flight snacks. READ MORE: Mates branded 'muppets' for going out for pint and ending up in Ibiza Passengers flying with TUI are allowed to bring their own food on board, though there are some limits. The company warned crew “can’t provide heating facilities on board”, so it is recommended that passengers stick to “low-risk” items that can be enjoyed cold. TUI crew members are able to cater to infants who require warm bottles of milk as these can be easily heated up in hot water. As with most airlines, TUI offers plenty of in-flight food and drink, though the menu will vary depending on whether you are flying short haul, long haul or on one of their Lapland flights. Solid foods such as sandwiches, biscuits, crisps, fruit and nuts are allowed on board when flying with British Airways. Liquids must be kept in clear containers of no more than 100ml - this includes jams, jellies and sauces. Passengers travelling with infants are allowed to carry items such as powder formula milk and sterilised water, though this must be transported in a baby bottle - even if it exceeds the usual limit on liquids. On their website, the airline states: “You can take up to five litres of alcoholic beverages between 24 percent - 70 percent alcohol volume in either hand baggage (if purchased in the airport duty-free shop) or checked baggage. DON'T MISS:Woman claims she was kicked off flight for 'offensive' clothing [REVEAL]Flight grounded after passengers sent eerie photos of plane crash [INSIGHT]Virgin Atlantic fury over untrained pilot [ANALYSIS] This budget airline is rather relaxed when it comes to bringing food on board the plane. Any food is permitted, though some liquids will need to meet specific requirements. For example, items such as custard and soup should be poured into clear containers of no more than 100ml. The airline said: “The 100ml liquid limit doesn’t apply to baby food, milk or sterilised water, provided that the total amount is no more than one litre. “You may be asked to taste it for security reasons.” Drinks are allowed on board, though there are a few restrictions in place. Alcohol is permitted if it was purchased in the airside departure lounge and is unopened. According to easyJet, while flying it is strictly forbidden to drink any alcohol that has not been purchased on board the aircraft and those found consuming their own alcohol may face prosecution. Hot drinks are permitted on board if they were purchased within the airport and have a secure lid.