George Russell has admitted that he will be hoping for rain on Sunday at the Monaco Grand Prix in order to boost his chances of securing another podium finish for Mercedes at the next available opportunity. The Silver Arrows have been some way off the pace of their Constructors' Championship rivals over the course of the weekend so far and will be hoping for plenty of luck to aid their hopes of picking up a welcome points haul when the five red lights go out. Russell managed to secure an impressive third-placed finish at the end of his last outing in Spain, with Mercedes having made progress in terms of their straight-line speed and their performance in faster corners at the Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya. The 24-year-old explained that these qualities do not suit the difficult nature of the iconic Monaco street circuit, though, after qualifying in sixth place at the end of Q3 on Saturday. "The ride of the car has been our biggest limitation all weekend and while P6 is not a result to be celebrating, I think we pretty much maximised it out there with the package we have," said Russell. "The team has worked incredibly hard to give us the most compliant set-up possible, but we saw in Barcelona that our strengths were speed on the straights and the high-speed corners and there's none of either in Monaco. JUST IN: Rosberg explains Hamilton position after chat with Mercedes insiders "So looking at it objectively, there's no reason we should be any higher up today. From my point of view, looking to tomorrow I'm thinking: bring on the rain! "Nobody knows how the tyres will be in the wet, so we need to keep it out of the wall, be there at the end and roll the dice on strategy if we can." It remains to be seen whether Russell will be able to climb up the order and get on the podium if the rain falls to shake things up over the course of Sunday's 78-lap race. Mercedes team principal Toto Wolff went on to echo Russell's comments by admitting that his team could not really have hoped for a better qualifying performance than sixth place in Monaco given their current on-track limitations. "That was a typically chaotic Monaco qualifying session, and at the end George got his lap done and Lewis [Hamilton] missed out because of the red flags, which maybe cost him a position on the grid tomorrow," said Wolff. "But I think George's result shows where the pace of the car is this weekend. Monaco has never been the easiest place for us, and that's been true again this year. "The race pace looked stronger than the single lap in practice, but it's hard to make it count here, as we know. But it looks like the weather will mix things up for tomorrow. "Let's see how it turns out and whether we can make the most of the opportunities that might come our way." FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE