This comes as part of the Government’s sweeping plan to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, with Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern calling it a “landmark day”. The Government said it plans to spend 569 million New Zealand dollars (£291million) on the electric car trial program as part of a larger plan that includes subsidies for businesses to reduce emissions. It will also include a switch to an entirely green bus fleet by 2035 and curbside food-waste collection for most homes by the end of the decade. The plan is targeted towards lower-income families to replace older, more polluting petrol and diesel cars with hybrid or electric cars. The plan represents a step toward the pledges the nation made under the 2016 Paris Agreement on climate change and New Zealand's stated goal of achieving net-zero carbon emissions by 2050. The plan also sets a target of reducing total car travel by 20 percent over the next 13 years by offering better transportation options in cities as well as improved options for cyclists and walkers. READ MORE: Drivers may face two years in prison for driving after summer rain Matthew Walters, Head of Consultancy Services at LeasePlan UK, praised New Zealand for being a “world leader” in progressive politics with the national “Scrap and Replace scheme”. He questioned whether the UK should introduce similar legislation to help accelerate the switch to electric. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: “While the specifics are not yet known, a well-designed, inclusive scrappage scheme is an effective way for governments to help lower the point of entry of going electric for low- and medium-earning drivers. “This allows them to then benefit from the cheaper running costs. DON'T MISSEU’s petrol and diesel ban targets the poor and is 'wasteful' [COMMENT]Millions of drivers at risk of major £5,000 fines for 'serious issue' [WARNING]Driver threatened with debt collector after £5 parking error [SHOCKING] “On the question of whether the UK should look to implement something similar, the answer is unequivocally ‘yes’.“ The announcement from the New Zealand Government has caused some to call them the “Norway of the Pacific”. They have a scheme in place, similar to the UK Government’s plug-in grant scheme, which gives drivers money off an electric car. The car must cost less than NZ$80,000 (£40,944), with drivers receiving a NZ$7,500 (£3,838) grant to go towards the cost of the car. Vehicles that emit a high amount of CO2 are charged an extra £2,303 when it is first registered as an incentive to invest in electric. Mr Walters added: “There were reports back in June 2020 that the Government had plans for a £6,000 scrappage scheme, but this never came to pass. “But now, as we emerge from two years of lockdowns and economic uncertainty, notwithstanding the cost of living crisis, it’s time to look ahead and show the world we’re serious about our vision for zero-emission road transport. ”The main advantage that a scrappage scheme has over some of the UK’s existing EV policies is that it provides a financial incentive for people to make the switch.” More than one billion New Zealand dollars have been allocated towards the plan, something which Transport Minister Michael Wood praised. These measures are expected to reduce emissions equivalent to taking 181,000 cars off the road between now and 2035. There are also plans to develop new energy strategies including a hydrogen roadmap. The Energy Minister, Megan Woods, said the nation needed to wean itself off expensive fossil fuels.