The coach of Novak Djokovic has admitted the Serbian star is "nervous" ahead of a massive quarter-final tie with old rival Rafael Nadal at Roland Garros. The pair will meet on Tuesday night in a match many believes will yield the eventual tournament winner, with Djokovic looking to tie the Spaniard on 21 Grand Slam titles. After missing the Australian Open following his explosive visa saga, the world No 1 has progressed comfortably in Paris so far, winning all four matches without dropping a set. Nadal had progressed in similar fashion before being taken to the wire in his last-16 tie. The 'King of Clay' had to come through a five-set match with Canadian player Felix Auger-Aliassime, keeping his bid to win an incredible 14th title at Roland Garros alive. And both stars won't need any introduction, having met 58 times before in their storybook careers. But it's Djokovic who was won the first battle, with Nadal's request for the clash to have an afternoon slot turned down by organisers. And the two-time champion looked relaxed on Monday has he took part in a light training session with coach Goran Ivanisevic. JUST IN: French Open player wishes she could be 'a man on court' after 'girl' problems during loss And Ivanisevic told Serbian media that despite his player's vast experience, there would still be tension ahead of a huge clash. "We had a nice training session, warming up today [Monday]," he said. "There will be nervousness, there is always positive nervousness, but they played against each other 58 times, they know each other. I wouldn't say that anyone is a favorite in this match." And the Croatian, who famously won Wimbledon back in 2001, dismissed suggestions that the row over the match timing would be a factor: "Nadal said that he doesn't want to play in the evening, Nole said that he does, but at the end of the day, what does that mean? If you don't play well, it doesn't matter when the match is played, whether it's five in the morning, at noon or at nine in the evening. DON'T MISS:Andy Murray wants Wimbledon super-team with Emma Raducanu but exciting plan may be blockedRafael Nadal has 'never felt' like the 'King of Clay' despite 13 French Open titlesRoger Federer retirement prediction made by John McEnroe as icon casts doubt on comeback  "Of course, we believe in victory, Novak is playing well, he is at the peak of his form, everything coincided exactly as it should have after Monte Carlo. More than this cannot be asked for, now the only question is how they will go out on the court and how they will play." The game is scheduled for 7.45pm on the Philippe-Chatrier court. And whoever wins will now eye a huge opportunity following the exit of world no 1 Daniil Medvedev, who was beaten in straight sets on Monday by Marin Cilic.