Russell Kane has given his verdict on why the Queen pulled out of several public engagements in recent months, citing health issues as the reason. Russell said the 96-year-old suffered from “mobility issues” and not “some hideous condition”. Russell, 46, said he believes she doesn’t want to be seen to be struggling to move around because it’s not “leaderlike”. “I don't know if you remember the Queen Mother, she wasn't seen in public towards the end, because she didn't like to be seen,” he told Express.co.uk. “She wouldn't use a wheelchair and didn't want to be seen using a zimmer frame because she thought it was un-leaderlike and not regal. “I suspect Her Majesty has got a similar sort of [thing], it's not vanity, it's a PR-type thing. “You need to be seen as a strong leader, she's always so powerful, she probably doesn't want to be seen having mobility issues, in fact she has stated that. “So, I think she's picking and choosing her engagements so when she does an engagement she can boss it, pearls on, standing up and in style. “That would be my guess, rather than some hideous condition that we are not seeing.” He continued: “I think it's more that she's got these mobility issues, as she's allowed to, at her age, I suspect it's that. “At the end of the day, Charles and William are more than capable of picking up and running with it, they just did the Opening of Parliament last week, England didn't collapse - I like the way they left her chair empty though, that was such a power move!” Imitating the Princes’ posh voices, he quipped: “‘We're not going to sit in mummy's chair there, mummy's chair shall remain empty.'” Ahead of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations next weekend, special measures have been put in place to ensure the Queen is comfortable. Buckingham Palace confirmed that our longest-reigning monarch will be travelling by car to the National Service of Thanksgiving. DON'T MISS...Demi Rose sets pulses racing as she flashes bottom [PHOTOS] Only Fools and Horses David Jason in rare sighting at Clarkson's Farm [UPDATE]Jenny Ryan issues apology as she's forced to pull out of show [LATEST] She would usually go by coach, as ceremony dictates. Plus, she will also arrive at St Paul’s Cathedral through a different entrance than usual so as to dodge a flight of steps. "As you might expect, some adjustments have been made for the Queen's comfort,” said a spokesperson. "There will be no ceremonial journey to St Paul’s and Her Majesty is expected to arrive at a different entrance than on previous occasions." Russell said: “I just love British culture and all things about us. It wouldn't feel like Britain to not have [the Royal Family]. We are proud of it “You can get yourself tied up in knots about inherited privilege, but there's a certain core crew that I do think should be there on the throne, I think they're amazing.” He has partnered with Nextdoor, the online community network, to help encourage people all over the UK to get together with their neighbours this June and celebrate the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee with a Big Jubilee Lunch. To find out Russell’s tips to avoid any awkward interactions when inviting neighbours to your royal celebrations, watch his latest sketch here.