Sometimes, your body will try to alert you to a problem. You may, for example, develop an unexplainable rash, or you may suddenly experience digestion issues. While the body is "clogged" with toxins that affect its proper function, it won't have the ability to heal any disorder within the rest of the bodily system. I know it sounds crazy to think that a single ingredient in shampoo, for example, can be contributing to issues throughout your whole body. Natalie Elliott hosts The Natural Beauty Radio Show weekly on UK Health Radio, is a clean beauty expert and the founder of award-winning beauty brand www.sakrid.com. While the human body is tough, it's still a sensitive machine, and yet in the modern world we expose ourselves to so many synthetic and man-made substances or even poisons from nature (and there are plenty!). So where do you start cleansing your beauty and self-care routine? I challenge you to throw out a product from your current self-care routine that contains one or more of the following toxic ingredients: READ MORE: The Big M: M&S selling products to help beat menopause and perimenopause symptoms at work Once you have identified the product, replace it with products that are derived from more natural ingredients. Using natural products simply encourages your body to function more effectively. After trying many different natural and clean products myself, I was disappointed by the performance and regularly found myself returning to my old products and ways. The issue is also that for creatures of habit, using the same product year upon year can lead to a build-up of nasty toxin residue, that the body is unable to effectively remove due to the constant bombardment. We just keep topping it up innocently, every single day. A few years ago, my partner and I decided to do something about it and together we launched our own beauty brand Sakrid. Today it is an award-winning brand, with a growing following. In the 1990s Anita Roddick put an end to testing on animals. I feel a deep calling for a new movement putting an end to testing on humans. Since Anita's movement, we have collectively been appalled by the images emerging from test laboratories around the world. The images revealed the bodies of innocent animals riddled with the negative effects of chemicals and toxins. Thankfully, her motivation put an end to this practice of testing on animals. However, since this time it appears that human allergies, diseases, and deficiencies are on the rise. Cancer is on the rise, infertility is on the rise, allergies in children are on the rise, and people can't figure out why. Maybe the answer is not beyond sight. Current regulation on the self-care and cosmetics industry permits the use of ingredients that are known to be harmful and potentially have negative effects upon the human body. Yet, although they are being presented with the hard facts, beauty companies are still trying to convince us that small doses of these poisons and toxins will not cause us much harm. Do you want to take that risk with yourself or your child? Of the hundreds of reports published, even if one in 10 of those saying these products are unsafe are correct, why take the risk? Your mother, father, sister, brother, child, or lover are not testing dummies. Society did not sign up for this level of risk. I don't intend to risk my or my family's health with this. But now I ask, why are these ingredients being used? Why do personal care and cosmetics companies use these harsh ingredients? Who decided playing the human chemistry set was acceptable? I believe there is a huge change coming to the beauty industry due to demand from consumers for more clarity on ingredients and better, safer choices. However, there is currently a misalignment within the industry whereby "clean" beauty brands are operating to a multitude of standards and expectations. An industry standard for the definition of "clean beauty" products is required, with associated regulation to support and protect this – for both brands seeking to embrace this method and consumers seeking products that fulfil it. The common industry counterargument to clean beauty is regulation states that those ingredients deemed unsafe for 'clean' beauty are safe in small amounts. However, clean beauty considers the cumulative effect of the constant build-up of these ingredients within the body. Women can use anything between eight and 40 products on their bodies every day (including dental and make-up cosmetics). If all these products contain the same potentially harmful ingredients the body is receiving a much higher dose than if considering one product in isolation during the testing phase. The concern of clean beauty is the body's ability to cope and therefore the increased risk of experiencing the negative side effects. If products exist that do not contain these ingredients, then the consumer is free to choose to not take that risk with their own body. So don't waste any more time – spring clean your beauty regime now and feel the benefits of living a less toxic life.