The actor has been preparing for ITV's The Games, where 12 celebrities will compete in a range of sporting challenges. The show airs Monday, May 9 at 9pm. Ryan said after posting a shirtless photo: "The wait is finally over and what a journey it’s been 12 weeks of intense training learning nine different athletic sports with some of the best coaches in the country. "With a massive thank you to my PT @michaelevansfitness preparing me mentally and physically for this challenge we worked so hard being dedicated to the routine, diet and determination. "Tune in live tonight 9pm every night this week on @itv 1 @thegamestv." His fiance Lucy Mecklenburgh commented: "While I've been getting fatter, he's been getting fitter! READ MORE: Princess Beatrice is a a fitness fiend - 'she's pretty hardcore' "Very proud fiancé watching him work so bloody hard training in nine sports for @thegamestv and also adding extra training on top of that and sticking to a stricter diet than normal. "Then on his 'rest days' and evenings taking the kids out and helping with daddy duties! "It's taken a lot of will power and determination these last 12 weeks and I couldn't be more proud of him!" She added: "The first LIVE show is tonight at 9pm on ITV1 can't wait to watch with my tub of ice-cream." His personal trainer @michaelevansfitness explained how he did it: "Working with client and friend @ryanthomas84 absolutely smashing his training program. "A huge amount of respect to Ryan, not only because of the results but because of his commitment! Juggling training for @thegamestv show, family and social occasions and has remained consistent and pushed hard each and every week with no corners cut. "Ryan had contacted me, to be ready for his upcoming challenge... wanting to lose weight, build muscle and add shape to his physique, improve fitness, strength and overall his conditioning. Overall I think we achieved just that." He replied to Ryan's picture saying: "Unreal work ethic brother. "It’s been a pleasure! Hard work shows. Insane condition! Let's work." Many others congratulated Ryan for his achievement on social media. Instagram user @clarebear8320 said: "Wow you look amazing, good luck for tonight I'll be cheering you on." @adam_deering commented: "Wow! Seriously good shape bro!" Another one, @nicthecraft added: "Phooaarrh! Well done you. Hard work and dedication. I salute you." The show is hosted live by Holly Willoughby and Freddie Flintoff. The 12 competitors will battle it out in the athletics arena, the swimming pool, gymnasium and velodrome. Also appearing in the series is former Love Islander Chloe Burrows, Olivia Attwood and Wes Nelson, former Strictly star Kevin Clifton, Christine McGuinness, The Wanted's Max George, newsreader Lucrezia Millarini, musician and TV star Wes Nelson and Emmerdale actor Rebecca Sarker.