The Wanted star Max George has taken to Instagram to issue a health update following his "rough" health struggle. It comes as the singer, 33, shared a painful-looking snap of his perforated eardrum on social media, which led fans to inundate the star with well wishes. Earlier today, the star shared a hospital snap of himself hooked up to a drip. Holding his head in his hand, Max wrote: "Nah we're good!" (sic) as he posted the picture. In view of his 332,000 followers, The Wanted star went on to issue a health update with his worried fans. Max said: "Hey guys, so obviously I pulled up earlier. So the last few days have been a bit of a rough one. READ MORE: BBC's Deborah James bids farewell as she moves to hospice at home care "I perforated my eardrum a couple of days ago, so it's been causing me quite a lot of dizziness," the singer explained. He continued: "I've been on loads of pain medications so I think I just got dehydrated. But all good, I've been rehydrating. "I'm going to the hospital tomorrow to have it checked on and make sure everything's ok," he shared. Max went on: "And fingers crossed I get the nod to be able to do the swimming, because that's an event that I love. "But yeah, it's just been a rough couple of days but there's been a lot of people asking, 'What happened? Am I alright?' "I'm all good, just a bit shaky with my ear and like i said just got dehydrated because i'm on a s**t load of pain meds. "But all the love and hopefully see you tomorrow," he finished the clip. The star went on to share a snap of his "perforated eardrum" in view of his followers, alongside a sick face emoji. DON'T MISS... Bill Turnbull reacts to Deborah James' fight amid his cancer battle [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton 'hints at intimate piercing' in wake of jewellery ban [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan's behind scenes behaviour exposed by Rob Rinder [UPDATE] After Max shared the painful-looking picture on Twitter, he was soon inundated with comments from concerned fans. @onlyyoulerrie wrote: "Ouch that looks painful Max, hope you are feeling a lot better so proud of you can’t wait to watch you all this week #teammax all the way forever and always." @rebeccaoneil_x replied: "Looks painful that, hope it gets better again soon all our screaming at TW gigs through the years probs hasn't helped haha, sending you lotsa love and positive vibes xx." (sic) While @TW_Caitlin added: "Ahhh that looks extremely painful, I hope it heals up quickly for you!" Max's health update comes days after he shared an intimate snap with his late band member and close friend, Tom Parker. The star wrote: "Many people will walk in and out of your life, but only true friends leave footprints in your heart." He shared a sweet picture himself and Tom as he gave a thumbs-up to the camera. It comes after The Wanted star Tom died at the end of March from an inoperable brain tumour.