In 2020, just a few months after announcing their royal exit, Meghan Markle and Prince Harry signed a $100m (£72m) deal with Netflix. The Sussexes are yet to create any content whatsoever for the streaming service, and one of the Duchess of Sussex's projects, Pearl, was scrapped only last month. They are now reported to be filming a docuseries with the streaming platform, with GB News presenter Patrick Christys dismantling the project and questioning "how far they have fallen." Mr Christys said: "Look, the money's great and to be honest with you, I'd probably do absolutely anything for one hundred million dollars but it's a sign of how far they've fallen, certainty Harry anyway. "It's really strange for a couple who wanted to find freedom and escape the public eye to sign up to be a show that essentially involved having a camera crew follow them around the whole time". He added: "It's almost like they don't want privacy. "It's almost like they just want to be rich and famous". READ MORE: David Jason’s 'disappointment' over being knighted by Queen: ‘Where’s the other bit?’ The presenter continued: "They swapped the true high caliber class of the Royal Family for plastic novelty fakery. "The thing was, as well, the British public really loved Harry, like really genuinely loved him", adding "he has turned his back on that". The presenter then listed a few of the couple's famous celebrity friends such as James Corden and Oprah Winfrey. He said: "Let's just see how long these people stick around for when things start to go south for Harry and Meghan". Mr Christys compared the Sussexes to the high-profile US family, the Kardashians, adding  "only arguably even less talented". READ MORE: Kate and Prince William spark royal frenzy as couple caught in rare moment of affection Mr Christys stated that the Netflix series is going to be coming out "in conjunction" with Harry's "tell-all" memoir. Harry's forthcoming memoir book is due for release later this year. It is set to include past topics such as his childhood and his time in the military and more recent events such as his life as a husband and father. At the time of the book announcement, Harry claimed, “I’m writing this not as the prince I was born but as the man I have become. DON'T MISS "I’ve worn many hats over the years, both literally and figuratively, and my hope is that in telling my story—the highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learned—I can help show that no matter where we come from, we have more in common than we think. "I’m deeply grateful for the opportunity to share what I’ve learned over the course of my life so far and excited for people to read a firsthand account of my life that’s accurate and wholly truthful". Netflix recently axed Meghan's series called Pearl in its move to cut costs.