M&S is celebrating the upcoming Jubilee with launching new British food and drink to its offering. Perfect for any outdoor party, find out more about the delicious new drink and you can buy a bundle online. Marks and Spencer is celebrating the Jubilee with the launch of its newest English fizz, Bramble Hill. Hailed as ‘Britain’s answer to Prosecco’, it’s the perfect toast for the royal occasion and an absolute bargain at £15. Bramble Hill is M&S’s first ever own-label English fizz and is made in the same way as Prosecco. It’s full of crisp apple flavours and is the perfect Jubilee drink. Most English wines are made via the traditional method where their bubbles are produced during a second fermentation in the bottle it’s sold in, similar to champagne and Cava. However, Bramble Hill has its bubbles made in a pressurised tank and then bottled so that it’s extra dry. It’s made in the Kent countryside by Silverhand Estate and has English-grown Chardonnay, Pinot Noir and Pinot Meunier grapes (the same grapes used in Champagne) and Bacchus grapes. Sue Daniels, winemaker for M&S said: “We know families across the country will be looking for the perfect way to raise a toast to the Queen on her Platinum Jubilee, and what better way than with a great-value fizz with all the delicious floral aromas of the British countryside. And at a fraction of the price of other English sparkling wines, it really is Britain’s answer to Prosecco!” One bottle of Bramble Hill is priced at £15 and can be found online and in-store. In addition, online shoppers can buy a bundle of six wines for £90 here. Free delivery is available on online orders. If you want to try it before buying it, you’re in luck as M&S is offering free tasting samples of Bramble Hill in 300 stores from Thursday May 19, 2022 to Saturday May 28, 2022. In addition, M&S also has several great savings on Prosecco and sparkling wine that’s perfect for the Jubilee. Shoppers can get £10 off when they spend £75 or more on Prosecco and sparkling wine, £20 off when you spend £150 or more and £40 off orders above £300. Including top high-end brands like Nyetimber and more, don’t hesitate to shop. Shop Prosecco & Sparkling wine here.