Mikel Arteta may be forced to ignore the advice given by Arsenal icon Kevin Campbell if he is to deliver a new contract for Bukayo Saka. The attacker has just two years left to run on his current deal, with the Gunners in negotiations to tie him down for the long-term. But with Liverpool interested in the England international, those talks have been dragging on, leading to concern that Saka could depart. Despite those concerns, Campbell, who won the top-flight with the Gunners, stated in March that they should not break the bank to keep him. “Saka deserves a new deal but he doesn’t deserve to be up there with Thomas Partey. Look, he is a young, talented player but he is not on that level yet. I don’t know what he is earning now but he will get a big rise. It will be significant, I’m sure," he told Football Insider. “Saka will not be one of the top earners at the club though. He needs to do a bit more to earn that. He is doing so well that he has earned a new contract and if continues on this trajectory he will earn another new deal. That is the way it has to work. READ MORE: Arsenal facing battle for Chelsea star Broja as duo join transfer race “You don’t just make a young, gifted player the top earner. You only get that if you do crazy things. We have seen Arsenal hand out these big contracts in the past to their detriment. It has been a problem. I think they will take a more clever approach with Saka.” Saka has been one of Arsenal's standout performers this season, scoring 12 goals and notching six assists in all competitions. But he has not been able to help them qualify for the Champions League next season, with the Gunners instead set to finish fifth in the top-flight. DON'T MISS: Arsenal 'have the money for Lewandowski deal' as Chelsea details hit (TRANSFERS)Abraham sets Serie A record after Arsenal tipped to sign Roma star (NEWS)Seven Arsenal players that need replacing next season (INSIGHT) According to the Daily Mail, that failure could see Saka demand a release clause is inserted into his new deal and may be 'reluctant' to sign without one. It is stated that this would break Arsenal's normal contract policy, with the Gunners attempting to ensure they only ever sell from a position of strength. In an effort to avoid the scenario of having to insert a release clause, Arsenal could ignore Campbell and make Saka their highest-paid player. Having that status may be enough to convince the academy graduate to extend his stay at the Emirates Stadium.