Last week, the Duke of Sussex played in a polo match with his close friend Nacho Figueras while Meghan Markle watched on. The game was played at Santa Barbara Polo and Racquet Club for the annual Harry East Memorial Tournament in Montecito, where the Sussexes reside.  On Wednesday, May 4, it was announced that the Duke of Sussex will continue to play polo alongside his Los Padres teammates until mid-June. Harry will join Nacho Figueras, Juan Guerrero and Keko Magrini to play the entire 12 goal polo season in Santa Barbara. The schedule has sparked controversy as the Cheval Athletics USPA Intra-Circuit starts the same weekend as the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee events. Royal blogger Gert's Royals points out the timing appears to show that Harry won’t be returning to the UK to join his family on Buckingham Palace’s balcony. In a tweet, she wrote: “The Cheval Athletics USPA Intra-Circuit starts the same weekend as the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee Events, so I guess the Sussexes have made up their mind about attending that.” Trooping the Colour, also known as the Queen’s birthday parade, sees over 1,400 parading soldiers, 200 horses and 400 musicians coming together. The event sees the parade begin at the Palace before moving down The Mall towards Horse Guard's Parade, where they will be joined by members of the Royal Family on horseback and in carriages. The event will conclude with a traditional RAF fly-past, watched by the Queen and members of the Royal Family from the Buckingham Palace balcony. The event occurs on June 2, just one day prior to Harry’s last polo leg commencing in Montecito. In response to the news, royal fans speculated that the Duke's calendar would be "booked and busy" so slotting in a trip to the UK may pose tricky. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'taught TWO lessons' in 'quick succession'  One with the screen name 'Prince Alex' wrote: "Goodbye jubly. #PrinceHarry is booked and busy!" While another called Jacklyn Gibson added: "Now we know that Harry will not be on the balcony." Prince Harry and his three teammates won their first tournament 17-10. Nacho Figueras, a long term friend of the Duke's, said he was very pleased with the results of the game. He told CLICKPOLO: "I think we had a good game and we improved from our previous match where we still didn't know each other and we were a little bit anxious." DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry 'taught TWO lessons' in 'quick succession' [INSIGHT] Prince Harry blasted for 'skewering Firm in a thousand ways' [REVEAL] Kate follows in Queen's footsteps as Duchess presents award at event [PICTURES] The Folded Hills Pope Challenge tournament takes place from May 6 to May 15. While the Lisle Nixon Cup runs from May 20 to May 29. However, Omid Scobie – who co-authored Harry and Meghan's biography 'Finding Freedom' – pointed out that these are simply dates of the tournaments not the specific dates of the team's matches. The Duke of Sussex spoke about a potential return to British soil for Jubilee celebrations in a recent TV interview but warned that "security issues" could get in the way. This is because Harry is currently involved in a row with the Home Office about security provisions for him and his family while in the UK.  The Duke has said he wants to pay for police protection himself, rather than asking British taxpayers to foot the bill, but he has said he cannot do so without the go-ahead from the Government. Without proper police protection, a legal representative for Harry said it would be too risky for the Sussexes to make the trip from California to visit the UK. During a candid chat with Today co-host Hoda Kotb, Harry said he was "trying to make it possible" to return to the UK with his children, Archie and Lilibet, so they can get to know his home country and spend time with the monarch, who recently celebrated her 96th birthday. Since moving to the US, Harry and Meghan have returned to the UK together only once when they visited the Queen. Harry has visited Britain on two other occasions, but the couple's children have never accompanied their parents on their visits. 