As the sunny weather kicks in across the UK, gardeners may have noticed their plants becoming a lot more thirsty. For most gardening enthusiasts, this may mean filling up your watering cans more frequently or turning on the hose a few times a day. However, there is a way to make your own self-watering system which could not only save you time, but water too. Gardening pro, Joseph Clark, otherwise known as @JoesGarden on Instagram spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about a “super simple” tip for watering plants on autopilot. He explained that this is essential for container plants during the summer months in particular. Joseph said: “Unfortunately most of us simply do not have the time to attend to our plants every day. “However, during the summer months, especially if you are growing in containers your plants will need daily watering to thrive. “This is a super simple tip that can aid with your watering, giving you the best crop possible this summer.” READ MORE: Orchids: How to save a dying orchid - ‘suffers quickly’ According to the gardening guru, all that’s needed for this hack is “an old plastic bottle and either a cotton bud or a swab”. Joseph continued: “Simply poke a hole in the bottom of the bottle the same size as the swab and another in the lid. “Insert your swabs in both holes and fill with water. “The swab at the bottom will start to slowly drip water onto the soil next to your chosen plant. “These droplets will saturate the soil over the course of the day  providing the required water.” DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to clean washing machine drawers - 'cheap and effective’ [TIPS]Pests: ‘Inexpensive’ and ‘simple’ way to get rid of woodlice [EXPERT]Interior: Avoid adding dark wooden accent walls in living rooms [INSIGHT] The purpose of the swap in the lid is to be able to release the vacuum to allow a better flow of water. The expert added: “This is perfect for plants such as tomatoes where inconsistent watering can cause a browning at the bottom of the fruit commonly known as blossom end rot.” Another hack gardeners can use to save money is to use empty toilet or kitchen roll tubes to start growing their own fruit, vegetables or even flowers from seeds - they act as “a perfect eco-friendly seed tray”. Joseph explained: “Sowing from seeds will not only save you a small fortune financially but provide you with a much greater sense of achievement come harvest time “Simply cut your old toilet roll tubes into three inch circles and place them on a tray - old grape boxes work perfectly for this! “Fill these tubes with soil and sow your favourite seeds. I highly recommend garden peas, tomatoes or if you have the space, sweetcorn. “Make sure to give your seeds a good water after sowing and don’t allow to dry out.” Once the seeds germinate and develop true leaves plant both the seedling and the toilet roll in its final growing position. This will allow gardeners to transplant seedlings while not disturbing the roots. As the plant grows the tube will rot away into the compost. Keeping your old egg shells can also “save you money” on buying plastic seed trays while also providing an eco-friendly alternative to plastic. The gardening pro described this hack as being “perfect” for those who “love a boiled egg for breakfast”. He explained: “Once you have eaten your boiled egg, keep the larger part of the eggshell and the egg box too as a holder. “Poke a nail in the bottom of the shell to allow for drainage and fill with potting compost. “Sow your favourite seeds in the eggshell - I recommend smaller seeds such as peppers and chillies as the egg shell is often not very large. Seeds such as pumpkins or squash will be too big.” If the egg box is clear plastic, gardeners can close the lid to create a mini propagator which will create extra warmth, which can help with the germination of most seeds. Joseph continued: “Once your seeds have germinated, gently crush the egg shell and plant both the shell and seedling in the final growing position. “This will allow you to plant out your seedlings without disturbing the roots. “Over the next two years the egg shell will break down into the soil replacing lost minerals.”