Piers Morgan took a brutal swipe at GB News presenter Nigel Farage while unleashing his views on the nation's migrant crisis on the latest instalment of Piers Morgan: Uncensored. He branded the former politician a "highly treacherous shark" who has been patrolling the English Channel. Piers went as far as to tell TalkTV viewers "keeping Farage on yellow a dinghy should be enough to keep anyone out of the UK". Addressing viewers on Wednesday evening, Piers said: "The British Government is failing desperately to tackle the surge in migrants reaching the country by boat."More than 7,000 have tried to sail to the UK this year alone by boat, that is more than triple the number of this time last year."Many of them have been trafficked by vile people-smuggling gangs who extort the migrants and send them to risk their lives in perilous dinghies." READ MORE: TalkTV's James Max shocked as caller cuts off heating to save money Dozens of the migrants have tragically died on these crossings and Piers called for an end to the horror. He branded the Government's plan to spend millions of pounds flying migrants on a one-way ticket to Rwanda "ridiculous" and "inhumane". "Migrants will either be offered a permanent residency there or sent back to where they came from, none, even if they qualify to be asylum seekers in the UK, will ever end up in the UK," Piers continued. He explained the plan is "already collapsing" and has faced a series of legal challenges so far.   He added: "The migrant crisis has got to be fixed we can all agree on this, but this Rwanda fiasco is unfeasible, unfair and unworkable, and by denying real asylum seekers help, it's not British. "It's supposed to be a deterrent but it clearly is not working but perhaps there is a simpler way to resolve this." Piers then turned his attention to former UKIP leader Nigel Farage, brazenly saying: "There is currently a deeply unpleasant, highly treacherous shark patrolling the waters of the English Channel." A clip of Nigel reporting from a boat on the English Channel for rival broadcaster GB News was then shown to viewers. DON'T MISS...Disaster for Piers Morgan as ratings plummet after just one week [RATINGS] Boris Becker's ex Lilly opens up on still being married to tennis star [INTERVIEW] Piers Morgan blasts Meghan Markle for 'lining pockets' over royal duty [LATEST] Piers continued: "I say we keep Nigel Farage out there on his little yellow dinghy, that should be enough to put anyone off coming into the UK." Prime Minister Boris Johnson has insisted the plan to send illegal immigrants to Rwanda for processing will go ahead. The leader said those trying to enter the UK in the back of lorries or boats will soon be "immediately" sent 4,000 miles away to the East African country. "Of course, there are going to be legal eagles, liberal lawyers, who will try to make this difficult to settle. We always knew this was going to happen, but is a very, very sensible thing," the Prime Minister told ITV News.  He added: "We're going to find a way of making sure that they are going immediately to Rwanda." The plan has been widely criticised by charities, with Amnesty International saying the idea of sending asylum seekers to a country with a poor human rights record was "appalling". On Tuesday, a Government spokesperson said the plan was a "fully legally secure approach". Piers Morgan: Uncensored continues weekdays at 8pm on TalkTV. 