Strictly Come Dancing star Aljaz Skorjanec promptly issued a plea when he discovered that a fake Instagram account was using his name with an extra '0' attached to the end of it. Fearing a scam, The 32-year-old Slovenian dancer took to the app to confirm to followers that only he was the real deal. It comes after Aljaz, who spent almost a decade on Strictly and had accumulated a large number of fans, shocked viewers with an announcement that he was leaving the show last year. Now it looks as though someone has tried to get a grip on his online identity. "This is not me! Please don't give any personal info," he warned on his Instagram Stories. Fortunately, Aljaz, who is married to fellow dancer Janette Manrara, will be able to relax despite the stress of the scam, as he is currently spending some quality time in his native Slovenia. READ NOW: Jane Fonda cheekily spills who her 'favourite ex-husband' is He shared his latest antics with fans via the app, showing him visiting a dance studio and exclaiming that it was "lovely to see kids dancing in my hometown". Aljaz also posted a snap of his former school, describing the modest building as his "stomping ground from 96-03". Not only did he dance a little himself with the young students, but he also spent time with the kids, taking selfies and encouraging and motivating them in their career plans. He continued the story in another Instagram slide, revealing: "Had a long overdue catch-up with my dance teachers that I owe everything I know about dance to." Aljaz had made the journey back to Slovenska Bistrica, in eastern Slovenia with his wife and two children. He has expressed his delight at being back in his native country after bursting in tears in the aftermath of the pandemic, which had sadly kept him away. His father, sister and nieces had met him at the airport gate the first time he returned for an emotional and very tearful reunion. He and Janette recorded the moment and uploaded it to social media, revealing with feverish excitement that they were boarding a flight for the first time in almost two years. DON'T MISS... Phillip Schofield sparks divide amid Queen's Jubilee - 'Switched off!' [DEBATE] Dan Walker spurned by Sally Nugent as she refuses to appear in video [LATEST] Will Smith asked Jada Pinket Smith to be present for kissing scenes [INSIGHT]  "We're just two hours away from cuddles... I can't wait for all of it!" he exclaimed at the time. The trip also meant he was able to meet his new baby niece, who had been born in the midst of the pandemic. Aljaz previously described himself as being "obsessed" with kids. "If someone had told me five years ago that my little sister was going to have a baby before me, I wouldn't have believed them!" the Strictly champ joked while discussing his affection for his extended family. "But I feel everything comes at the right time when it's supposed to come," he added to Hello! magazine. Meanwhile, fans have been equally emotional about the prospect of saying goodbye to Aljaz after he left Strictly. He had been a regular fixture on TV screens since he first arrived in 2013. That year, he was paired with model Abbey Clancy, although his last performance was with Sara Davies. He told Sara on the BBC show that being partnered with her had been an "absolute joy".