Former Chelsea striker Tony Cascarino has claimed that Wolves midfielder Ruben Neves could add the necessary quality to Manchester United’s midfield, and would be a perfect signing for Erik ten Hag this summer. Neves has been linked with a host of Premier League clubs after another impressive season saw him finish tenth with Wolves, who were competing for European football until the tail end of the season. Manchester United have been linked with several midfielders already this summer, including Barcelona’s Frenkie de Jong and Chelsea’s N’Golo Kante, but Cascarino believes that Neves would add the quality in possession that United need. He told talkSPORT: “He [Neves] is a really good ball-playing midfielder, he has got a great strike from distance but he certainly would add quality to United’s midfield without a doubt. “They are lacking in that department for me big style, because McTominay does a great job in many ways, Fred similarly can do things that others can’t but they are not the greatest technically to make things happen for United. I think it has been sorely missed.” Manchester United are losing Nemanja Matic this summer, with the Serbian international rumoured to be joining Jose Mourinho at Roma while Paul Pogba is also expected to leave the club, with Juventus and Paris Saint-Germain linked with the World Cup winner. Kante and de Jong have been credited with interest in moves to Old Trafford, especially as the latter played under United’s new manager at Ajax. However, both would have to leave teams playing in the Champions League to join United, who will be playing Europa League football next season after finishing sixth in the table. Wolves have reportedly sounded out a replacement for Neves, as Sporting Lisbon midfielder Joao Paulinha has been rumoured to be the next Portuguese international to make the move to the Molineux. After five years at Wolves, Neves is reportedly ready to leave the club he joined from Porto for a fee of £15.8million and Manchester United have already scouted him. Wolves manager Bruno Lage will be hoping to keep his star man this summer, who he praised highly in April. He said: “What I know is we have a special player here with us. What he is doing this season is very good. I think also the way we play, he can show a better Ruben, and also the way he plays puts our team on a different level. “When you have that player, the best thing to do is improve his salary and years of contract. But who knows, when you have a top player like him in that specific position, that can defend and attack, and is a top professional and a great man, the big teams are there with £100m to buy these kinds of players.”