Marigolds are a versatile flower which look exquisite in everything from hanging baskets to ornamental borders. They can even be added to your vegetable garden. These vibrant flowers can add colour and diversity to a patch of growing crops, but just how good are marigolds when it comes to deterring unwanted pests? Express.co.uk reveals the four key benefits of planting them in your garden. Garden pests are one of the most frustrating problems faced by gardeners, especially for those growing a range of plants, foliage and vegetables. Whether it’s aphids, slugs or even vermin enjoying your crops, there are plenty of natural remedies to keep unwanted visitors away from growing plants. Companion planting is just one of the best methods to deter garden pests - but what makes marigolds so effective? How can you use them in your outdoor space? READ MORE: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ hack to get rid of ants in homes There are several combinations of plants which work to control everything from vermin to bugs visiting your crops, and marigolds are just one of the most striking pest remedies to try. Marigolds contain many key features which work to deter pests, including: This leafy annual is known for its bold flower heads which emit a strong, spicy aroma. The unique smell lingers in the air and has a natural insecticidal property, which is thought to reduce pests such as whitefly, blackfly and other aphids. Whiteflies are also easily deterred by the natural secretion of limonene from marigold plants. Marigolds can be planted in vegetable patches to deter harmful nematodes from spoiling the crop. This striking flower produces compounds in the roots that are natural nematicides, though this is generally only effective in the immediate area surrounding the plant. Some French marigold cultivars produce higher levels of toxins and are therefore more effective in reducing the number of pest nematodes in soil. Some of the most effective cultivars are tangerine, petite gold, petite harmony, goldie, and nemagold, all of which will work best when planted close together in a solid block. DON'T MISS:How to water your roses - 4 top tips to help your roses thrive [INSIGHT]What to prune in May - four plant types to trim for spring [REVEAL]When to plant out bedding plants - best time to get planting [ANALYSIS] The bright yellow and golden hue of marigold plants is particularly attractive to pollinators, but it can also attract natural predators for unwanted pests. Ladybugs, lacewings, hoverflies, parasitic mini-wasps and other predators will feast on aphids and other damaging pests lurking around your crops. This is the most organic form of pest control and is especially effective at expanding the ecosystem in your own garden. Slugs are known to gravitate towards marigolds which is why they are often used as ‘trap’ plants to distract from nearby crops. Planting a ring of marigolds around the edges of a bed can help to protect cabbages, lettuce and other leafy greens which are susceptible to these slimy pests. While you will see slugs moving towards the bright flowers, they can be easier to remove if you know where to look for them. Planting marigold cultivars with different crops can be done to control certain pests which can affect your crops. Some of the best pairings for marigolds include: Marigolds are best used around brassica crops to mask their enticing scent with the overpowering aroma of the flowers. Whether they’re potted or growing as vines in your vegetable patch, tomatoes can be surrounded by French marigolds to keep whiteflies away. Plant plenty of marigolds around sweet strawberries to attract plenty of pollinators to your summer crop. French marigolds are the best cultivar to pair with potato crops to deter eelworm.