Lebanese-born British singer-songwriter Mika, Italian TV presenter Alessandro Cattelan and Italian singer Laura Pausini hosted this year’s Eurovision Song Contest from Turin, Italy. However, fans have hit out at Mika as he appeared to give Ukraine’s Kalush Orchestra the microphone before changing his mind during a break from the performances. After 22 acts had performed, Mika joined the artists in the green room. The singer-songwriter asked Portugal’s MARO how they were feeing about the night. He went on to speak to Romania’s entry WRS before turning his attention to Ukraine. Mika said: “On this side we have Ukraine and we are very happy to be here with you and for you to be here with us.” Read more: Eurovision 2022 LIVE: UK sudden drop in odds - sends shock waves “It means so much,” he added as he passed the microphone over to one member of Kalush Orchestra. However, Mika kept hold of the microphone and moved on to introducing the next act. He said: “And now we’re moving on to the next performance. This is Holland.” Realising his mistake, he corrected: “This is Poland!” Graham Norton quipped: “Holland aren’t even in it. Netherlands, Mika. It’s the sort of thing I would say in fairness to you Mika but happily it was you this time and not me.” Criticising the presenter, Eurovision fans slammed Mika for the blunder. Leah Mountford posted: “Green Room too loud, Mika can't hear the producers #Eurovision.” Mike Greatheard tweeted: “Mika is car crash TV #Eurovision.” DON'T MISSEurovision's Maneskin singer Damiano sparks concern 'He's hurt!' [INSIGHT]Eurovision 2022: Graham Norton in poignant tribute to Terry Wogan [VIDEO]Eurovision 2022 fury as fans call for contest to block ballads [INSIGHT] Mr Monks joked: “Think this might be the last time @mikasounds hosts such a prestigious event #Eurovision. "This is Spain sorry no this is Romania, and next up Holland sorry no Poland.” Noah continued: “I’ve never seen worse hosts in my life oml… even the three hosts from 2017 did a better job #eurovision.” “I have never seen such awkward hosts in my life jesus shaking and crying #Eurovision,” @eatyourteeth posted.  @Lauren9Dudley questioned: “Has anyone else noticed that Mika moved the mic from Ukraine, and then they haven’t showed them in the green room here in the replay now too?” Ukraine went into the competition as the front runners and remained at the top of the betting after performing. Bookmakers’ Ladbrokes have given Ukraine odds of 3/10 to win while Sweden sit behind at 4/1. Eurovision Song Contest is available on BBC iPlayer.