EastEnders villain Janine (played by Charlie Brooks) cruelly sabotaged Nancy and Zack Hudson's (James Farrar) dream of opening their own restaurant by hiring someone to con them out of the money in the false belief that they'd purchased a business. She used the money to lure Linda (Kellie Bright) into leaving the Square, insecure about her relationship with Mick Carter (Danny Dyer) while Linda was still close by. Her plan backfired though as Linda took the money and decided to stay, but could a manipulative Janine frame Linda, blaming her alcoholism for betraying her own daughter?  After pretending to be Nancy and telling the real seller that she had changed her mind about buying the venue, Janine got a friend to pretend to meet with Nancy and Zack and convince them to hand over the £50,000 there and then. "You back in the property game then?" The scammer asked Janine afterwards. "Oh God no, this was just a one-off," she replied. "Did everything go according to plan?" "Couldn't have gone better if I do say so myself," the fake seller stated. She told Janine: "I've already transferred you the money." READ MORE: Madeley confronts Sadiq Khan with furious viewers over partygate Janine laughed as she commented: "I just can't believe it was that easy." "I laid it on thick," she replied. "And your call helped - they were going to lose the business if they didn't give me the money immediately." "I kind of wish I could have seen it," Janine grinned. However, after being given the money by Janine, Linda decided she wasn't going to leave her family behind. She stayed in Walford, much to Janine's annoyance, but the latter promised she would get her revenge. Linda star Kellie Bright confirmed how Linda will work out what Janine has done. "Linda basically puts two and two together, Nancy and Zack have been conned out of their money for their restaurant idea, and it’s the exact amount Janine gave her," she explained. "She confronts her but is not completely sure until Janine admits it and says, ‘Yeah, so what.' DON'T MISS... Nick Knowles walks off crying during 'phenomenal' DIY SOS project [LATEST]Jay Blades issues warning over The Repair Shop's success [VIDEO]Kylie Minogue admits Neighbours return was 'emotional' [INTERVIEW] "You’d think Linda would tell Nancy and Zack the truth and get Janine in trouble, but Janine is so clever." It's possible Janine will blackmail Linda into keeping quiet by threatening to frame her. The money is in her possession after all, and Janine might tell everyone Linda was the person who got someone to meddle in the business deal to fund her alcoholism. On top of this, Mick is aware that Linda has come into some money. Kellie explained how Mick will turn down Linda's proposal to expand The Vic with her new money. "She’s disappointed and has a moment where she thinks about picking up a glass of wine, then another opportunity presents itself and she goes for that," the actress commented. "It’s actually much easier and safer not to go into business with Mick any more than she is with The Vic, they’re not together and are already co-owners of The Vic." However, with Linda splashing the cash and Janine determined to drive Linda away from the Square, it may be all too easy to frame her. Nancy is likely to be devastated once Janine tells her Linda is the one who conned her out of her money. Finally washing her hands with her mother, she might tell Linda to leave and not come back. Janine could finally get her wish if nobody believes Linda that she didn't take the money. Could Janine's evil plan work with the result she wanted after all? EastEnders continues on Wednesday at 7.30pm on BBC One.