Temperatures in Paris are due to reach 28C from Monday, with highs of 30C in the south and some parts of central France. It is due to be slightly cooler by the end of the week, as thundery showers hit. The warmer weather looks set to continue for the next few days, with WXCharts forecasting temperatures of up to 31C in France on Wednesday. Patrick Galois, a forecaster at Météo France, said: "An initial burst of warm air is expected on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday. "The mercury is expected to reach 28C in Paris, eight degrees above seasonal norms, with peaks of 30C in the south and even in the centre of the country. "On Thursday and Friday, the air will be a little less warm, with a small influx of maritime air linked to a westerly wind, which will lower temperatures north of the Loire. "This may result in a few thundery showers. "This small deterioration will be short-lived, as anticyclonic conditions will return over the whole of France next weekend." He added: "High-pressure conditions at high altitude will result in dry and warm weather." Mr Galois said that the high temperatures can be seen as a "remarkable heat episode". He said: "We talk about 'heat wave' during episodes that are accompanied by a heatwave during the summer period, from June. "In these cases, temperatures can approach 20C at night, which is not the case in May. "Therefore, no health consequences are to be feared. "Rather, we can talk about a remarkable heat episode for the season, which can be quite long-lasting. "But we do not yet have all the elements to know if these temperatures will continue the following week." Temperatures are also set to soar in Spain, with forecasters from El Mundo predicting conditions to be "dry and sunny, with higher than normal temperatures". Spain is due to see temperatures of up to 31C on Wednesday, 29C on Thursday and 31C across the weekend. The UK is also set to see warm weather this week, with Netweather predicting that temperatures will reach up to 23C in southeast Britain today. The warmth will continue into the weekend, with temperatures reaching higher than 20C. The Met Office predicted above-average temperatures across this week, saying: "Temperatures are likely to rise above average through the first few days, except nearer to the coast and perhaps the far north, which may see slightly cooler conditions, and it is expected to become warm, perhaps very warm, later in the period." Marco Petagna at the Met Office told the Guardian that temperatures are "several degrees above where they should be at this time of year". Additional reporting by Maria Ortega.