The PGA Championship concludes on Sunday with Chile's Mito Pereira the shock leader going into the final round. It comes after the great Tiger Woods was forced to withdraw after he struggled with injury. Here is everything to keep an eye in Tulsa today... Woods has made a career out of firsts but his withdrawal from today’s final round of the USPGA Championship is not one he will look back on with pride. The 46-year-old’s first WD in a Major came after he finally gave second best to his battered body and opted not to risk further damage with him 18 shots off the pace. Woods is the polar opposite of a quitter but in the pain he was in the prospect of three more hours’ physio before a 7am tee-off time in temperatures forecast to be in the 40s in Tulsa was not appealing following his ragged third round 79. “He was battling just to get the ball out of the hole from time to time - even to bend out to put the ball on the tee,” said playing partner Shaun Norris. The question now is whether the experience will make Woods reconsider his participation in the US Open at Brookline next month. It may be that he is not seen again competitively until the 150th Open at St Andrews which, pancake flat, will be a lot more forgiving for him. Woods’s global impact was such that he was Pereira’s hero growing up in the golf backwater and in the unfamiliar position of playing in the final group at a Major with all eyes on him Pereira will try to use the same tunnel vision to close it out. “He did whatever we had to do whenever he had to do it,” said Pereira. “I will just try to keep it simple, try to do the same things that I've been doing, try to not even look at the people that are around me.” The 27-year-old plays in the United States on the PGA Tour but has yet to win there. He carries a three-stroke advantage into the final round as he attempts to become the first USPGA debutant since Keegan Bradley in 2011 to lift the Wanamaker Trophy. Matt Fitzpatrick has been relatively anonymous in Majors during his career so far but all that could change spectacularly at Southern Hills. Fitzpatrick has registered just one top ten finish in his 27 starts - and that was six years ago at the Masters but can become the first Englishman to win the USPGA since Jim Barnes in 1919 today. The bank manager’s son from Sheffield believes the seven European Tour victories he has to his name represent credit in the bank as he pushes for the big one. “I've spoken about it with my coaches at length about my Major record and I've always just said to them that I just want to give myself a chance because I back myself,” he said. “I feel like whenever I've had a chance in Europe, I've played very well. Even over here I've not had that many chances to win but when I have, I've played well. I've not lost it. I'm more just looking forward to it than anything. It's a chance to win.” Nick Faldo has called on Phil Mickelson to save his reputation by performing a U-turn and rejecting a spot on the Saudi-backed rebel tour. Mickelson has missed the defence of his US PGA title following the controversy over his role as recruiting agent for the breakaway league and his outspoken criticism of the PGA Tour. An announcement is expected this week over who will play in the LIV Golf Invitational at St Albans next month with speculation that Mickelson could end his exile at Centurion but Faldo has urged the six-time Major champion to return to the establishment fold instead. “If he wants to protect his legacy he’s got to return to the PGA Tour. He’s a legend out here,” said Faldo. “If he wants to play for guaranteed cash there’s another option out there. But as a golfer what you want to do is compete. He did it as an amateur, winning as a 20-year-old in Tucson and he did it at the PGA Championship last year winning it at 50. His career in between wasn’t too bad either. “Phil, go look at your trophy cabinet and think about what it’s all about. You need to come back to the PGA Tour.”