 We have all seen recent images of major Chinese cities such as Shanghai under lockdown, all part of Chinese President Xi Jinping’s ‘Zero Covid’ policy to keep his country’s Covid death rate at an extremely low level just as the rest of the world learns to live with the virus. The stories coming out of China beggar belief, with whole communities moved or quarantined over just one positive case. Why would the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) risk social stability and economic growth by closing down some of the country’s most important cities, given that the battle against the Omicron variant is one they are certain to lose? Food scarcity is also now a real concern, something many have never before experienced. One explanation for such measures is that China’s healthcare system would simply not cope with a high volume of Covid cases and deaths, something which would do enormous reputational damage to the CCP. This only offers part of the explanation, however. Having committed to Zero Covid, to backtrack now would create even more reputational damage for the CCP, and embolden Xi’s enemies within the party. If the CCP was wrong about Covid, many will ask, what else could it be wrong about. But China could simply massage the data. There is evidence the CCP has done this for Covid deaths, economic data and even population numbers, so why not now? Could something else then be in the mix? Something which relates to the defence pact recently struck between Beijing and the Solomon Islands, as well as the militarisation of several artificial Chinese islands in the South China Sea? Put simply, is China stress-testing for war? It is certainly worth noting how much the quarantine centres recently set up bear more than a passing resemblance to makeshift prison camps or military hospitals. It has long been known meanwhile that China seeks to ‘retake’ democratic Taiwan, a former Japanese colony off the coast of southern China. Taiwan is not only economically crucial due to its role in the global electronics industry but capturing it could allow China to dominate the western Pacific. Currently, China’s tightly-controlled state media is telling the public that Russia is both justified and victorious in Ukraine, a message they are unlikely to deviate from, come what may. But having whipped up nationalist sentiment over Taiwan Xi and the CCP may have backed themselves into a corner. In this context measures underway across Chinese cities, testing the public to its limits may not just be about saving face, but about testing how far the Chinese economy and society can be stretched in the event of conflict.   China is already hoarding over half of the world’s grain. This year, China will have 69 percent of the world’s corn, 60 percent of its rice and 51 percent of its wheat. The question is why - if not in preparation for some catastrophic event? According to one recent US Congressional report, the Chinese military is already at or near the capability to invade Taiwan, with capacity for an air and naval blockade (which could stop foreign supplies coming into Taiwan, as they have in Ukraine), cyberattacks, and missile strikes. While Beijing probably still believes the West would not apply Russia-level sanctions to China given how important the country is to global industry, the fact Chinese regulators held a meeting last month to discuss how to protect assets in the event of such sanctions suggests Beijing is thinking about an event which could trigger such a situation. Zero Covid may then be about more than simply saving face but about testing the patience and resolve of the Chinese public, and limits of the economy, under a wartime scenario. As the West turns its attention to Ukraine, it could be missing an even greater threat over in the Pacific. 