Manchester United outcast Jesse Lingard could sting the club this summer after they played hardball regarding a potential move to Newcastle United in January. The Red Devils demanded a mammoth total outlay of £14.5million for a six-month loan which the Magpies slapped down, and they may be made to regret not revising their demands as Lingard could well head to St James' Park for free and leave United with nothing. Lingard was controversially denied an Old Trafford farewell against Brentford on Monday, which looked set to be his final opportunity to say goodbye to fans after more than two decades with the club. His brother then hit out at Ralf Rangnick on social media for the decision to leave him collecting dust on the bench. His lengthy spell at United, which began as an eight-year-old boy, looks set to end this summer. Reports indicate that he will seek to leave Old Trafford even if incoming boss Erik ten Hag expresses a desire to keep him around. Newcastle are believed to be among four clubs keeping tabs on the 29-year-old, and two out of that quartet are supposedly in 'advanced talks' already. If Lingard opts for Tyneside, it would land United with nothing mere months after their crazy loan demands caused the Magpies to walk away from a deal that could have seen them recoup a significant chunk of cash for the out-of-favour midfielder. JUST IN: Chelsea takeover hopeful Sir Jim Ratcliffe 'plotting Todd Boehly hijack' in new twist Back in January Newcastle were still in the midst of a relegation battle, but they now sit in the top half after a remarkable turnaround under Eddie Howe. A bumper £12m survival bonus would therefore be on its way to United if the Magpies had not slapped down their proposal. Coupled with an alleged £2.5m loan fee, Lingard was supposedly unhappy when Howe and co turned their noses up at United's eye-watering terms which denied him the opportunity of first-team football, only to be left on the bench for the remainder of the season. DON'T MISS...Man Utd's Ten Hag has four transfer options with Rice deal unlikelyArsenal's five Jesus alternatives if Man City's Guardiola blocks dealRonaldo sparks confusion on Man Utd future by denying TV camera hint Starved of action, the England international who can play in attacking midfield or out wide has notched just two Premier League goals in 16 outings this term. He was catapulted back onto the big stage during a loan spell at West Ham last campaign, in which he bagged nine goals to fire them to the Europa League. Lingard could become an integral part of Howe's project on Tyneside if he chooses Newcastle as his next destination. The Toon have come on leaps and bounds since he was appointed boss midway through this season, with the likes of Bruno Guimaraes and Dan Burn making huge impacts since being recruited in January.  If he fancies a new challenge, there is reportedly serious interest from Italy in bringing Lingard to Serie A. The likes of Fikayo Tomori and Tammy Abraham have done so in recent seasons to great effect, which could tempt the Red Devils youth product to head in a new direction. Whatever happens, it seems as though United will be made to regret an opportunity to earn some cash for Lingard's departure in January. Now safe and sound, Newcastle will be thankful that they did not sign up to the arrangement out of panic, and may even get their hands on the player without having to pay a penny.