Jeremy Clarkson, who turned 62 last month, says he is finding it “hard to stay well”. The farmer explained that his health woes began a month ago when he felt unwell with “all the Covid symptoms”. Despite testing negative for Covid three times, Jeremy’s symptoms continued for a further 10 days. Eventually, an additional test came back positive, making it the second time he had contracted the illness. Unfortunately, he says catching the virus for a second time was “worse” than the first. Jeremy explained: “For me, Covid was worse the second time around and the effects are lasting longer. READ MORE:BBC's Deborah James bids farewell as she moves to hospice at home care “Nine days after a negative test, I am short of breath when I do up my shoelaces and exhausted after climbing a flight of stairs. "Walking the dogs is a real struggle.” As concerns over his symptoms grew, Jeremy phoned his doctor who asked whether he had “considered the possibility” that he is overweight. Concluding his statement, Jeremy deduced in his column in The Sun: “God, staying well is complicated these days, it’s one thing on top of another.” It comes after the Clarkson’s Farm star revealed he had started going to the gym and walking every day in a bid to lose weight. He hired a gym instructor to help him out, but workouts left him feeling like his heart might “burst out of [his] ribcage". Writing in The Times last month, Jeremy said: “People who do this sort of thing for fun say that if you really push your body, you are rewarded with a euphoric high that’s better than any drug. “I just felt terribly weary. And I neither looked nor felt any better than I had done when the session started.” DON'T MISSDennis Waterman spent last years ‘doing f*** all’ in Spain[INSIGHT]Bill Turnbull reacts to Deborah James' fight amid his cancer battle[LATEST]Lorraine Kelly pays tribute to Deborah James after final post[NEWS] Jeremy revealed he had caught Covid for a second time via Instagram on April 22. He shared a photograph of his positive test with the short caption: “B******s!” Following his announcement, legions of his famous friends took to the comments to wish him a speedy recovery. Gary Kemp asked: “Round Two?” Screenwriter Jemima Goldsmith joked: “Again??? What about our tea???” While Jools Holland quipped: “Did you draw that second red line on as a party avoidance technique?” And author Amanda Brooks said: “So glad I hugged you.”