Beauty fans are always on the lookout for the next best product, and they might have just found it in Revolution Pro’s Miracle Cream. The face cream has been called a dupe of a much more expensive brand, and it is so popular, that it is currently sold out across several websites, including leading beauty retailer Look Fantastic. The cream claims to “encourage brighter, firmer-looking skin”, but don’t just take the product descriptions’ word for it, there are hundreds of reviews suggesting it has transformed people’s skin and “smooths wrinkles”. Revolution Pro Miracle Cream aims to “rejuvenate your complexion”. The “facial moisturiser [is] designed to transform dull and tired-looking skin. “Powered by a cocktail of skincare heroes including niacinamide and hyaluronic acid, the formula works to smooth, plump and hydrate your skin. “Vitamin C and camelina oil help to brighten and boost radiance, while shea butter offers long-lasting nourishment.” The cream is “suitable for all skin types” and is “lightweight” so it “absorbs quickly into the skin to promote a smooth, flawless-looking canvas ready for makeup application”. It is also vegan and cruelty-free and can be purchased for just £10 on lookfantastic.com. READ MORE: How to heal the gut for younger, better skin today But does it work? According to the hundreds of reviews, beauty fans are “madly in love” with the product. A Mumsnet user said: “WOW. I've been using this for two weeks and actually double took myself in the mirror yesterday. My skin looks better than it has done in years, and my hands feel lovely from putting it on my face!” They later added another comment: “It's so good. Like some sort of wizard has made it. I can't recommend it enough. I also got the IRL foundation which is another CT dupe and it was like I had a new face.” Kelly, on Revolution’s official website, commented: “My skin looks instantly plumper. So much so that people have commented on it! Better than much more expensive brands! So good I’m buying more!” DON'T MISS...How to clean duvet and pillows without washing machine ‘Kills germs’ [EXCLUSIVE]How to lose belly fat: 5 foods to turn body into ‘fat-burning machine' [STUDY]Paint expert shares number one colour to avoid painting your walls [GUIDE] Nicola R added: “This cream is just a game changer. I use to use other expensive face creams and serums. I'm 47 so I have nature skin. "Honestly after using this and there serums followed with the glass skin serum. Wow my skin feels younger and firm. I can see the difference with in a few days. I'd highly recommend to try this and the serums.” Rachel F said: “I can’t believe the difference after two days of use. This cream really is a miracle.” Patricia H gave the product a five-star review and explained why: “This is the best face cream I have ever used and at 75 I have tried many. It immediately softens and plumps out your skin without being greasy.” Natalie M posted: “Absolutely love the miracle cream. My skins feels amazing. Little pot of magic.” Emma J said you don’t have to wait very long to see results: “Only been using this a week or so and I’ve already noticed a difference. People have commented on how glowing my skin looks.” Andrea S left a substantial review sharing her thoughts: "I’ve had this cream now for a week so can give an honest review. Im 50 so have a more mature skin and am quite happy to pay £100 for a pot of face cream. “This pro miracle cream has to be up there in my list of favourites. It’s a good rich texture, doesn’t spread too thinly and leaves my skin hydrated and feeling velvety for 24hrs. “It also gives a plumping and smoothness for those wrinkles giving an overall appearance of a more youthful skin. It has a subtle smell, which I can only describe as vanilla and paper, which is not overpowering. Overall I would definitely recommend to those with a more mature skin. I will certainly be a repeat purchaser.” Revolution’s official beauty website shared its market research statistics for the product. 96 percent of consumers agreed skin felt hydrated 85 percent of consumers agree wrinkles appeared reduced 82 percent of consumers agree skin felt younger 86 percent of consumers agreed skin felt plumper The Miracle Cream was tested on 50 consumers over four weeks.