Liverpool forward Divock Origi said goodbye to the Anfield crowd on Sunday after the Reds’ 3-1 win over Wolves. The Belgian will be leaving the Reds after this season as a free transfer, with his contract up in the summer. Origi did not feature in the win on Sunday, and an injury kept him off the bench too as he was forced to watch his side come from behind to defeat Wolves but miss out on the title to Manchester City. Pep Guardiola’s team also completed a comeback in their 3-2 win over Aston Villa to finish one point ahead of Liverpool. The striker has one more game for the Merseysiders before he moves on, and will hope to recover from his injury in time for the Champions League final, a competition where he will hold many happy memories. Speaking to Sky Sports after Liverpool’s win over Wolves, Origi said: “I am loving it. Unbelievable years I have had here, to be able to soak this in with all the fans. We had Covid, now it’s opening up. To see all the fans I feel amazing. It goes beyond words. “There has been a lot [of moments], and still hopefully more to come as a team. It’s an unbelievable club, it goes beyond something I could expect. Signing here, when you experience it then you know how big this club is, how unbelievable the people are, the atmosphere on the Champions League nights, Melwood, going to training, the people, the staff, the players, it has been a joy. “When I signed I knew it was a special club, and someone told me ‘Divock it is a special club you have to experience it’, and I would say it’s like being at Anfield, you have to experience it. It is something that just goes beyond words and something I will keep with me for the rest of my life. “I am always trying to put the team first and try to be the best Divock I can be, the best player I can be and then try and help the team as much as possible and trust that the coach will make the right decisions. “If it depends on me I want to be on the pitch every single minute but even more than that I want to win, we have an unbelievable group, we have achieved so many great things, hopefully one more important game where we can achieve a bit more but it has been an honour and a joy.” Origi was given a guard of honour before the game on Sunday, as the Liverpool players and fans thanked the Belgian for his efforts since joining the club in 2014.