If the Government - on behalf of the people - is begging them to return to the office then this request should be made in much different terms, to the effect that if they do not return to their offices then their employment will be considered terminated. They are employees of the people and should not be allowed to make their own terms. I am sure there are many thousands of people in this country who would love to have an opportunity to take such a job. ---------- I believe the first thing the Speaker of the House of Commons should do at the start of the day's proceedings is ban all phones from the house, says Jill Bath, from Fareham, Hants. Anyone caught using or looking at their device should be removed and fined. MPs are there to legislate and discuss important matters, which the public has voted them in to do. Things such as the rising cost of living, the Ukraine/Russian crisis illegal immigrants, crime, and getting all those who decided to stay at home back to work. There is far too much sniping and tittle-tattle. They should grow up. This behaviour wouldn't have been tolerated in the days of Margaret Thatcher, or even Betty Boothroyd. ---------- The answer to civil servants refusing to return to work is to shut the London-based departments and relocate to the north, say David Oldfield, from Kings Bromley, Staffs. As a Brummie who witnessed the fall of the motor industry - as we didn't want to build cars and were always on strike - we thought building cars in Sunderland was a joke.After all, theWest Midlands was the home of the motor industry. Sadly it is now a housing estate. With new energy-efficient office blocks replacing old damp London offices the hardworking folk of the north could soon get to grips with the arduous task of shuffling paper around all day for eye-watering salaries.Time to relocate those jobs. ---------- Your reader hit the nail on the head about why some are reluctant to stop working from home, as a civil servant he "spent up to a quarter of his salary and working day commuting", says Alan Reeve, from Heanor, Derbys. If people insist on working from home then their salary and London weighting allowance should be cut accordingly. Why should taxpayers fund what is in essence a huge pay rise especially when waiting times for passports and driving licences are at an all-time high? ---------- Perhaps MPs should, just like children at school, be required to surrender their mobile phones on entering the classroom and collect them when they leave? The increasingly questionable behaviour of so many of our elected representatives sets a bad example, says Robert Readman, from Bournemouth. Things have come to a very sorry pass when only a small of our 650 MPs can be regarded as role models for the younger generation.