The mum explained she lives in a semi-rural area and that her neighbours are "friendly enough" but apart from simple pleasantries, she and her family keep to themselves. She also shared that her neighbours have two small dogs, while she and her family have three. It isn't the dogs themselves that are the nuisance, she shared, but the way her neighbour walks them that is causing daily irritation. She says he takes the dogs out for a walk "every single morning at 5.30am without fail", where the dogs bark loudly and wake the mum and her three young children up. According to the Liverpool Echo, Fed up with "feeling knackered" after continually having to start her day at 5.30am, the mum wants to ask her neighbour to change up his routine. Taking to Mumsnet's popular Am I Being Unreasonable (AIBU) thread, she sought advice on whether such a request would be justified. In a post titled "[AIBU] To ask neighbour to change his routine?" , she penned: "Our neighbours are a retired couple in their 60s. They're friendly enough but beyond saying good morning we usually keep ourselves to ourselves. They have two small dogs, we have three. "Every single morning at 5.30am without fail my neighbour walks his dogs past the front of our house and up the road. Every time the dogs bark from the time they leave his house until they're past our house. Without fail this wakes either me, or one of my children (3 under 5) and therefore me. "I can't wear earplugs as the children still wake in the night but I'm at my wit's end - my youngest still wakes several times in the night, the other two do occasionally and so being up for the day at 5.30 is killing me! I'm absolutely knackered. Wibu [would I be unreasonable] to speak to the neighbour to ask him to change his routine so he doesn't walk his barking dogs past my house every morning at 5.30?"   The mum's post was met with more than 100 replies from fellow Mumsnet users, keen to share their thoughts. One said: "How inconsiderate of them! I’d definitely speak to the neighbours and explain that the dogs are waking your whole family up. They either need to train the dogs not to bark or walk them later. What kind of person would think this was ok in the first place though…" Another said: "Oh, definitely not unreasonable to point that out. Really feel for you!". While a third quipped: "You can try, but I wouldn't be surprised if they ignore it!" One Mumsnet user suggested: "I'd say 'your dogs wake everyone up with their barking at 5.30 every morning when you walk them' Then shut up and see what he says. If he just says sorry or similar ask him what he's going to do to address that. Don't ask him a question he can simply say no to." Another said: "What a selfish b******! Yanbu [you are not being unreasonable] at all. And what badly trained dogs. No reasonable person would think this was at all acceptable. Do have a word with him." A sixth Mumsnet user said: "They are being hugely inconsiderate. Of course you should mention it!"   And another added: "The voting on here is totally screwed. Of course YANBU. Your neighbour is so selfish! My dogs don't go into the main garden before 8am, we let them out of the side for a pee (more easily contained) before this as they sometimes bark at birds and we aren't selfish d***s [shrug]". At the time of writing, 67% of Mumsnet users voted asking the neighbour to change his routine was not unreasonable. 