The hugely popular Netflix series has come to an end with a suitably epic fifth season, and Uhtred of Bebbanburg’s (played by Alexander Dreymon) story will officially close out with the upcoming feature film, Seven Kings Must Die. Before The Last Kingdom reaches its undoubtedly bloody conclusion, King Edward star Timothy Innes has revealed a baffling piece of direction from Alexander’s first time helming the series from behind the camera. English actor Timothy was given a surreal note from Alexander during Edward’s first meeting with Eadgifu (Sonya Cassidy). Having led the medieval drama for five seasons on the BBC and Netflix, the series lead was finally given the chance to direct in the second episode of the final instalment. Praising his talents as a director, Timothy exclaimed: “Yes, yes, yes. He was a dream, of course. “In fact, I was on his first day directing, and it was like he had been directing for the last, like… he had been directing forever.” READ MORE: Coronation Street fans work out Phill's sinister link to Pat Phelan Timothy revealed Alexander’s already impressive experience as an actor was critical to helping him communicate what he wanted from his co-stars in crucial scenes. “You know, what was a blessing with Alex is that, not only does he know the show inside and out and the characters, but he also knows how to talk to actors,” Timothy continued. “In a way where he knows how to give notes, he knows how to approach being delicate with, I think, a unique situation where you’re wanting to give notes to actors but not damage the environment of vulnerability.” However, The Last Kingdom regular was rather thrown when Alexander requested a strange facial expression during Edward’s first encounter with Eadgifu. In his appearance on The Screen Chronicles podcast, he explained: “But there was a great moment when he… one of the things I remember was, I think it’s when I meet Sonya for the first time. “Sonya and [Edward] share a moment, and there’s this look at the end. He comes over to me and he goes, ‘Okay, it’s great, it’s great. I just need you to, like, tickle her with your eyes’. “And I was like, ‘Yeah… okay, okay.’ [Alex said] ‘Just with your eyes’ and I was like, ‘yeah, yeah, cool’.” Timothy clearly took a while to process Alexander’s unconventional direction, as he was unable to fulfil his request when they moved on to the next take. DON'T MISS:1883’s Tim McGraw admits wife slapped him in iconic Yellowstone moment [INTERVIEW]Better Call Saul’s Giancarlo Esposito exposes meaning in Kim’s turn [INSIGHT]The Blacklist fans demand Dembe return after Red reunion [REACTION] “And we did the scene and my thoughts were elsewhere and I didn’t take on the note,” he admitted. Thankfully, Alexander was apparently understanding and gave his co-star another attempt. “He came up to me afterwards and asks, ‘So how did that go?’ I was like, ‘Yeah, I didn’t tickle her with my eyes’” Timothy said. “He was like, ‘It’s okay, do it again next time’. And we did the scene and I was in it. And at the end… I don’t know, I imagined trying to tickle someone with your eyes.” “And afterwards, like, he sort of sidled up to him and went, ‘I tickled her with my eyes!’ And he’s like, ‘Yeah you did!’” Alexander’s forays into directing clearly paid off for the series, as Timothy isn’t the only cast member who has heaped praise on his first time taking charge of his own episode. Directing duties for the imminent feature film will reportedly be handled by four-time Last Kingdom director Edward Bazalgette, who will hopefully succeed in bringing one last sensational performance from the Uhtred star to screens. The Last Kingdom seasons 1-5 are available to stream on Netflix. Seven Kings Must Die will be released in 2023.