Manchester City's visit to West Ham was briefly brought to a halt after Aymeric Laporte accidentally took down the assistant referee. The Spain defender was running back into his own half in the 10th minute of the match at the London Stadium with the score at 0-0. He was near to the touchline and got a bit too close to official Gary Beswick. Laporte stood on Beswick's foot and caused him to fall to the ground. West Ham medical staff attempted to aid Beswick as the game was stopped momentarily. Referee Anthony Taylor did not appear to have much sympathy for his colleague, laughing at the incident. Martin Tyler was commentating on the match for Sky Sports alongside Gary Neville. It was the Manchester United legend who first noticed Beswick was out of action. READ MORE: Thomas Tuchel's Chelsea snub blamed for Liverpool FA Cup final loss  "Linesman's gone," he said. Tyler noted how the medical team were on hand but Neville responsed: "Took a while to get to him though didn't they!" Cameras then picked up Taylor's reaction just before the game resumed. Tyler commented: "Anthony Taylor sees the funny side of it. "That's what the fans normally do as well. You do expect your colleagues to show a bit of sympathy." DON'T MISSMan Utd plan shock move for Chelsea star N'Golo Kante after Erik Ten Hag request [RUMOUR]Man Utd stars pulled apart from 'full-on scrap' in training as horror season hits new low [REPORT]Arsenal 'agreement' reached on Aaron Hickey transfer with final details left to solve [GOSSIP]  Sky then showed a replay of the incident, which clearly showed Laporte tread on the unfortunate official. Neville gave one of his famous 'oh' reactions, with Tyler then joking Laporte could be in trouble with VAR. Tyler said: "Keep an eye on the bottom right. He's got away with one Aymeric Laporte. I don't think it comes within the realms of VAR to have a check!" City went into the match knowing they needed four points from their remaining two matches to secure a fourth Premier League title in five years. Any slip up would allow Liverpool back into contention, with the Reds three points behind before kick-off.  Pep Guardiola's side started strongly and were dominating possession. However, they were unable to make that count in the early stages and were punished. Jarrod Bowen was fed through on goal by Pablo Fornals and rounded Ederson before staying calm and finishing well from a tight angle. The Hammers knew that victory would propel them above Manchester United into sixth spot, the final place for qualification for next season's Europa League.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here