Arsenal want to sign a left-sided centre-back this summer, according to reports. The Gunners are claimed to want to bring in a player to support Gabriel and lessen the Brazilian's workload. However, the news comes amid rumours Gabriel is a key summer target for Juventus. The 24-year-old made 35 appearances in the Premier League this season, scoring five goals. Pablo Mari's exit on loan to Udinese in January meant Gabriel was the only left-footed centre-back available to Mikel Arteta for the second-half of the season. Arteta prefers to have a balanced centre-back pairing and the right-footed Ben White has complimented him well. With the addition of Europa League football next season, Arsenal need to add more depth to their squad. The Athletic claims signing a left-sided central defender is one of Arteta's priorities in the summer window. READ MORE: Arsenal 'identify Eddie Nketiah replacement' if striker does not sign new contract  The report says Arsenal attempted to sign Germany international Nico Schlotterbeck in January. However, Schlotterbeck preferred to stay in Germany and has instead agreed to join Borussia Dortmund. Arsenal will continue to scour the market for players who fit their criteria. However, it will only increase doubts over the future of Gabriel. The Mirror claimed on Monday that Juventus believe they can secure a deal for Gabriel this summer. Juve see him as an ideal replacement for Giorgio Chiellini, who is leaving the Old Lady. Arsenal may offer Gabriel a new contract in an attempt to keep him at the club. But the Gunners' failure to qualify for the Champions League could prove costly. DON'T MISSPau Torres' agents 'will travel to Manchester this week' to negotiate Man Utd transfer [GOSSIP]Liverpool have four alternatives if Aurelien Tchouameni snubs Reds to join Real Madrid [TRANSFERS]Four experienced players Tottenham could sign as Conte demands change in policy [TRANSFERS]  Arteta admitted earlier this month he may be powerless to keep his best players at the club. He said: "Well what we want to do we want to improve the team, the squad and obviously we know that there's not a player that doesn't have a margin to improve or envolve in his way of playing and his career. "So we want to retain our best players for sure and we're going to add into that more quality and depth to be more competitive. What we have to be really prepared [for] is when we're going to do that and why we're going to do that, and we can control the timings and we can have the decision-making on when is the right time to do it and be prepared for that. "So sometimes it is inevitable because you cannot offer the same competition level as they've been offered or because you think it is the right moment to make a move. But in principle we want to maintain our best players and keep them and get better." A centre-back is not the only priority for Arsenal this summer. Signing at least one striker is high on the club's agenda, while midfield is also set to see at least one addition.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here