Arsenal have been told that in order to compete for the Champions League places next season they should sign a striker similar to Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. The Gabon striker only left Arsenal in January, joining Barcelona after a breakdown in his relationship with manager Mikel Arteta, but Damien Delaney has told the Gunners that they should be looking for a striker similar to Aubameyang. Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah have led the line since Aubameyang departed the Emirates Stadium, but Arsenal look set to miss out on Champions League football following their 2-0 defeat to Newcastle on Monday. Former Crystal Palace defender Delaney was asked on Sky Sports where Arsenal need to strengthen and said: “Centre forward. I know that they moved on Aubameyang for a variety of reasons and Eddie Nketiah has led the line there and he is a decent player, but if you are looking to charge into the top four you need a number nine in the mould of Aubameyang. “I don’t know the disciplinary reasons because he had been caught out a number of times and obviously Arteta plays the overall good of the football club as opposed to giving one player special treatment, he probably felt he gave Aubameyang enough chances but they need to go out and sign a number nine. “It is easier said than done when it’s Europa League football but this is where the scouting department comes in and you need to unearth a gem.” While Delaney claims that Arsenal need more firepower up front, especially with Lacazette and Nketiah both out of contract at the end of the season, he also believes they need more in midfield. Delaney said: “I just think they maybe need a central midfielder too. I love Thomas Partey but they just probably need a little bit more steel in there. “All areas I suppose could do with a little bit of improvement but I do believe Arsenal are on the right path, the manager has his own ideas of how he envisages the game being played. When pressure comes on and you are trying to make that five, ten-yard pass into a tight space, early on in the season or February it doesn’t really matter if you give it away and it costs you something. “I suppose he just needs to instil that character in the team and hopefully this experience they have had of missing out on the top four will stand to them, sometimes a negative like that can be used to propel them into next year but I think the biggest issue for me will be a number nine for Arsenal, a real out and out goalscorer, a talismanic front man.”