Erik ten Hag wants to know where the power lies inside the Manchester United dressing room, according to reports. And that could spell trouble for club captain Harry Maguire, who has endured a troublesome season under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. While he has the armband for now, it’s unclear what the future holds for the 29-year-old as a bright new era at Old Trafford awaits. Manchester United have seen Maguire blow hot and cold this season, with the England international failing to live up to his massive £80million price tag. And, now, the Telegraph say Ten Hag intends to find out where the ‘power lies’ inside the club’s dressing room as he prepares to take charge. The Dutchman will be manager of the team next season, having secured the post after positive interviews with the likes of John Murtough and Darren Fletcher. And while he’s focused on Ajax for the time being, that hasn’t stopped him from already starting to plan ahead. Maguire, according to the publication, is one of the players the new United boss intends to look at. He’s apparently keen to discover why the former Leicester star performs better for country than club, having sparkled for England under Gareth Southgate in recent years. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz It’s possible United will change Maguire’s role as a result, with the centre-back possibly deployed on the left-side of their defence. However, it’s also feasible that United will try and get rid of the player given his inconsistent form this term. When it comes to the armband, it’s also not a stretch to imagine Ten Hag giving it to somebody else - with four candidates standout. Cristiano Ronaldo has netted 24 goals across all competitions and remains United’s best player, even as he approaches the twilight years of his career. And while he’s been linked with a move away, all signs currently point to the Portugal international staying. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag As a leader who has won the lot everywhere he’s been, Ronaldo would be an obvious pick to replace Maguire as captain. Yet Bruno Fernandes would be another candidate, too. The Portugal international is set to play a big role under Ten Hag after recently penning a new contract with the club. And Fernandes, if he can get back to the player he was during his first 18 months with United, can be a vital asset for many years to come. David De Gea is a stalwart and one of the last disciples of the Sir Alex Ferguson era, having won the Premier League title under the Scot in 2013. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And Ten Hag could be tempted to turn the dependable Spain international, who has been back to his best this season. A fourth, outside bet would be Raphael Varane. The France international was a leader at Real Madrid and, during his time at the Bernabeu, was one of the best defenders in world football. However, given he’s had a solid but unspectacular year at United, it’s still unlikely he’d be given such an honour so soon into his United career. If Ten Hag discovers Maguire doesn’t hold the power, it will seriously undermine his position. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And what ultimately happens is something only time will tell. Meanwhile, Maguire has missed United’s recent matches through injury. But interim boss Rangnick has insisted he could play again this term. Speaking after United beat Brentford 3-0 on Monday night, in their final game at Old Trafford, he said: “Harry Maguire might be available again. “We have to wait and see if he can train.”