A survey by polling company Techne UK exclusively for Express.co.uk suggests the British public are overwhelmingly against the Duke of Sussex making a royal comeback. Asked if the Duke of Cambridge should help bring his younger brother back into the family fold, some 73 percent said no. Just 13 percent said yes and eight percent did not know.  It comes as Harry is living in the US with Meghan Markle after the couple quit royal duties in 2020. The Duke of Sussex has been embroiled in well-documented rifts with his older brother William and father Prince Charles in the last few years. Harry and Meghan returned to Britain together for the first time since Megxit last month to visit the Queen at Windsor Castle en route to the Invictus Games in the Netherlands. But the 37-year-old sparked fresh controversy in an interview days later with comments about ensuring the Queen was "protected" and an apparent snub to the Prince of Wales. Speaking to NBC's Today show at the Invictus Games, the Duke of Sussex appeared to issue a veiled warning to those closest to the 96-year-old monarch saying he wanted to make sure his grandmother was "protected" and had "the right people around her". He did not elaborate on whether he was referring to royal aides or members of his own family. But Harry's comments are likely to have deepened his rift with his father and older brother, as well as perplexing palace officials. The 37-year-old went on to dodge the question when asked if he missed Charles or William. READ MORE: Prince Harry in 'much better spot' than Meghan Markle  Asked about his father and brother, Harry replied: "For me at the moment I'm here focused on these guys and giving everything I can 120 percent to them to make sure they have the experience of a lifetime. "That's my focus here and when I leave here, I go back and my focus is my family, who I miss massively." Harry said he did not know if would return to the UK to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee in June amid a legal battle with the Home Office over police protection. The Duke said: "I don't know yet, there's lots of things - security issues and everything else. DON'T MISSMeghan and Harry 'going nowhere' as royals left 'scrambling' for deals [INSIGHT]Prince Harry and Charles have 'long way to go' to repair relationship [ANALYSIS]Meghan Markle 'gave Prince Harry the tools to leave' the Royal Family [VIDEO] "So this is what I'm trying to do, trying to make it possible that, you know, I can get my kids to meet her." Harry also appeared to commit his immediate future to the US, saying: "Home for me now is, you know, for the time being, it's in the States, and it feels that way as well." Harry and Meghan plunged the monarchy into crisis when they announced plans to step back as senior royals in January 2020. They wanted a half-in half-out model continuing to support the Queen while earning their own money. But the idea was deemed unworkable amid fears they would be accused of cashing in on their royal status. The couple ended royal duties in March 2020 and are now living in the celebrity enclave of Montecito in California. Harry and Meghan made a series of bombshell claims about the monarchy in their Oprah Winfrey interview in March 2021. Techne UK polled 1,633 British adults from April 27-28.