Chelsea have been reassured that Jorginho is committed to the club amid reports that Juventus are interested in the midfielder. The Italian international has proven to be a key player under Thomas Tuchel this season, scoring nine goals in 47 appearances in all competitions. But his contract at Stamford Bridge will enter its final year this summer, raising the possibility that he could depart the Blues. With their takeover saga rumbling on, Chelsea are currently unable to enter into contract negotiations with any of their players. That has led to growing concerns that the midfielder could be poached, either this summer or next year, given the lack of security the Blues can offer currently. But Jorginho's agent Joao Santos has now moved to play down suggestions that his client could leave for Juve. “He still has one year on his contract with the Blues, the priority is renewal. At the moment, however, Chelsea cannot operate on the market for issues arising from the Abramovich sale, so we will meet with the club to discuss it,” Santos told 1 Station Radio. READ MORE: Chelsea boss Tuchel told to sell two first-team stars to fund signings “The Juventus officials didn’t call me, surely because they know that at Chelsea at the moment nothing can be done without a license for the transfer market. Obviously, a profile like Jorge’s would serve many teams, even in Italy. I repeat, we will see the Chelsea situation first, because his priority is the renewal with the Londoners. In any case, I repeat, to date no one has come from Italy to ask me.” Santos' statements will be reassuring for Chelsea, who are set to see both Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen leave this summer. Rival clubs are circling over their other players, with Jorginho heavily linked with a return to Serie A. DON'T MISS: Chelsea's Tuchel names own 'Salah and De Bruyne' after Leicester draw (INSIGHT)Six Chelsea stars that need replacing for next season after Leicester (ANALYSIS)Dembele to Chelsea transfer could spell the end for three players (TRANSFERS) According to Gazzetta dello Sport, Juventus chief Federico Cherubini ‘landed in London’ earlier this week for transfer talks. At the top of his agenda was said to be Jorginho as the Old Lady look to boost Massimiliano Allegri's squad following a disappointing season. Losing Jorginho would represent a bitter blow for Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel, who has made the Italian one of his key players. While Conor Gallagher will return from his loan spell at Crystal Palace at the end of the season, Jorginho is expected to be crucial again next term.