 President Putin will take to the stage in Moscow on Monday for Russia’s Victory Day Parade to celebrate the allied defeat of the Nazis in the Second World War in 1945. It is thought that during the parade, which has traditionally served as a show of Russian military might, that Putin will declare war on Ukraine, dropping the ‘special military operation’ line and will request Russians to sign on to fight in the war.   The UK Defence Secretary Ben Wallace is planning on making a major speech to declare that the Russian President and his team should end up as the Nazis did with defeat followed by trials for war crimes. Extracts of Mr Wallace’s explosive speech have been released to both the Times and the Telegraph ahead of time. According to the sources the Defence Secretary will say: “Through their invasion of Ukraine, Putin, his inner circle and generals are now mirroring the fascism and tyranny of 70 years ago, repeating the errors of last century’s totalitarian regimes.” He will reportedly add: “Their fate must also, surely, eventually be the same.”   Mr Wallace is due to make his speech at the National Army Museum in London where he will direct his speech to Putin and will criticise the actions of senior military officials in Russia and their incompetence and war crimes. The previous sacrifices made by Russia in order to help the allies win the war are being put front of stage at the Victory Day parade along with military strength, but Mr Wallace will state that though these sacrifices should not be forgotten, “nor must the lessons about what lies in store for the perpetrators of such unprovoked brutality.” It is thought he will continue: “In going to such extremes to justify this war of choice he and his generals are now ripping up both Russia’s past and its future. READ MORE: Ukraine obliterates Russian troops by dropping grenades from drone  “Their unprovoked and illegal invasion of Ukraine, attacks against civilians and their homes, and the widespread atrocities – including deliberately against women and children – corrupts the memory of past sacrifices and Russia’s once proud global reputation.” The former Army officer who served in Northern Ireland in the 1990s and was mentioned in dispatches is expected to say, “all professional soldiers should be appalled at the behaviour of the Russian Army”. As the Parade begins Mr Wallace is thought to say: “Let’s call out the absurdity of Russian generals – resplendent in their manicured parade uniforms and weighed down by their many medals – for being utterly complicit in Putin’s hijacking of their forebears’ proud history of defending against a ruthless invasion; of repelling fascism; of sacrificing themselves for a higher purpose. “Not only are they engaged in an illegal invasion and war crimes, but their top brass have failed their own rank and file to the extent they should be court-martialed.” DON'T MISS: POLL: Is a united Ireland inevitable? (POLL)Eastern Ukraine: 'Every day I see people with lost arms and legs' (INSIGHT)Flight attendant on why Meghan and Harry didn't pay bill on flight (REVEAL)  To further draw ridicule at the rather backwards Russian parade, the Defence Secretary will call the failures of Russian forces in Ukraine a “disgraceful display of self-preservation, doubling down on failure, anger, dishonesty and scapegoating”. It has been announced that Britain will slam Russia and Belarus with £1.7billion in trade sanctions as President Putin insists Ukrainians are “Nazi filth” and has compared the invasion to the triumph of Russian in World War Two. On Sunday the Russian President said: “Today, our soldiers, as their ancestors, are fighting side by side to liberate their native land from the Nazi filth with the confidence that, as in 1945, victory will be ours.” 