In September 2020, just a few months after their exit from the Royal Family, Meghan Markle and Prince Harry signed a deal with Netflix. The couple signed on to produce scripted series, docuseries, documentaries, features, and children's programming with the streaming service. However since the deal was disclosed, it has "gone from bad to worse" for the Sussexes. The Today Show presenters Karl Stefanovic and Alison Langdon spoke to The Daily Mirror's royal expert Russell Myers about the Duke and Duchess of Sussex and Mr Myers said, after their Netflix snub, the pair "still need to be seen as royal" and that they "need to stay relevant". Speaking on The Today Show, Mr Myers said: "It's astonishing that they still feel that they need to be there to be seen but it's the currency isn't it, they still need to stay relevant. "I've been saying this for so long that they would never pass an opportunity to be in the spotlight and to be rubbing shoulders with the Royal Family". He added: "No matter how much they argue against it, they still need to be seen as royal". Mr Myers added: "Netflix have paid them a huge amount of money and haven't seen anything in the way of content. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'astonished' by Queen's swift reaction to bombshell exit "Spotify still haven't seen any content, we are still waiting for these podcasts from Meghan". He continued: "Meghan has been dumped by Netflix for a premiere debut so it's going from bad to worse for them. "But no doubt they will have a Netflix crew in tow following them in the UK. "I am sure the royals are terrified". READ MORE: 'Oh my word!' Expert claims Charles complained to Camilla at State Opening of Parliament It has been announced that Meghan and Harry, along with their two children, will be in the UK for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations next month. The confirmation of their attendance comes just a few weeks after, during an interview with NBC Today, Harry declared that he wasn't sure if they would attend. In the NBC Today interview, Hoda Kotb asked the Duke if his family would be there celebrating with the Queen and the rest of the Royal Family. Harry replied by saying, "I don't know yet. There's lots of things with security issues and everything else. This is what I'm trying to do, trying to make it possible that I can get my kids to meet her [the Queen]". In January 2020, the Sussexes, via their official Instagram account, announced that they had made a decision to step down as senior working royals. In their official announcement, the pair stated that they were going to "work to become financially independent while continuing to fully support Her Majesty The Queen". The couple currently reside in the US with their three-year-old son Archie and daughter Lilibet, 11 months.