Juan Vicente Pérez will be 113 years old in nine days’ time. He was born on May 27, 1909, and after the death of a Spaniard who previously held the title, he is now the oldest man in the world, according to the Guinness World Records. Mr Pérez now spends his time relaxing with his 18 grandchildren, 41 great-grandchildren and 12 great-great grandchildren.  Mr Pérez still has exceptional health and memory in his old age, and still remembers his childhood and marriage, as well as the names of his siblings, children and grandchildren. The Guinness World Records said: “He loves to be surrounded by family and friends as they tell stories and engage in good conversation.” One surprising detail emerged in Mr Pérez’s claim of the secret to a good life. He said the key was “work hard, rest on holidays, go to bed early, drink a glass of aguardiente every day, love God, and always carry him in your heart." Aguardiente is a Spanish term for an alcoholic spirit. His daughter Neylda Pérez said: "My dad is in very good health. He does not suffer from any disease that requires medical treatment.  "The next day after resting, he says he wakes up very well. The whole family is very grateful for my daddy's health." His nephew added: "My uncle Vicente transmits a lot of peace, tranquillity and radiates a lot of joy. He is a person who has a lot to give. “He enjoys the basics of life and is very grateful to God. His family is his support." Mr Pérez saw the creation of many revolutionary technologies throughout his life including television and the internet. He had his ID photograph taken for the first time in black and white at the age of 51. Mr Pérez was the ninth child of ten to Eutiquio del Rosario Pérez Mora and Edelmira Mora, born in the city of El Cobre in Venezeula.   READ MORE: Met Office warning: Millions issued thunderstorm alert [REVEAL] He started working at five years old, helping his dad and brothers harvest sugar cane and coffee. He created a trapiche (a wooden mill) with his brother, Miguel, to help with the production of the coffee and sugar cane and, later, was able to buy a bigger machine to increase the productivity of the farm. Starting school at 10 years old, he received just five months of formal education when his teacher became ill. He was then able to learn the basics of reading and writing from a book the teacher had given him. His beautiful family of 11 children started when he married Ediofina del Rosario Garcia, with whom he was with for 60 years until she passed away in 1997.  DON'T MISS: Platinum Jubilee in numbers: 70 facts and figures about the Queen [REVEAL]Pensioner, 83, loses £29,788 to scammers [ANALYSIS]Free bus pass - the age you can apply for a free pass in the UK [INSIGHT] He wants to be remembered as a hard-working man, faithful to his wife and his religion. He received the record title after Mr. Saturnino de la Fuente Garcia, born in February 1909, passed away on January 18, 2022 at 112 years and 341 days. The overall oldest person living is Sister André, born in February 1904 as Lucile Randon, who is now 118 years old. The title of oldest person ever, however, was Jiroemon Kimura, who was born in 1897 and passed away at 116 in 2013. Additional reporting by Maria Ortega. 