During a recent episode of Antiques Roadshow, host Fiona Bruce took BBC viewers to Wells in Somerset where the experts were brought a number of treasured items to be valued. Among the items, were a vintage car, a wooden frog and a terrifying collection of Barbie dolls. However, it was a collection of movie posters that caught the eye of expert Marc Allam. "I've got three classic film posters here on the table, we've got a Terminator, we've got Kagemusha, we've got Alien," the expert began. "Really in a way these three posters epitomise the kind of film history of my childhood. How have you got these?" The guest explained: "My great, great uncle used to work for Rankin 20th Century Fox. "So he used to go to the cinemas and advertise the films so they would put them on the cinemas and the little booklets as well." READ MORE: Madeley confronts Sadiq Khan with furious viewers over partygate Discussing the guest's uncle's job, Marc continued: "He was the person responsible for going around chains of cinemas. "He would be going to the cinemas and distributing the posters, the lobby cards and any promotional material for them. Interesting job, actually. "And of course, he had some stuff left over, didn't he?" As the guest agreed, the expert beamed: "I've had the joy of flicking through some of this collection and there is an amazing amount of material." "What do you think of this collection yourself? How do you view it?" The guest told the expert she found the entire collection "fascinating" before adding that cinemas work differently now. "It is very different," Marc laughed as he praised the guest's collection: "They are all in fabulous condition. "That's one of the joys of these posters," Marc added before turning his attention to their value of them. DON'T MISS...Jane McDonald opens up on unexpected living arrangements [VIDEO]Silent Witness sparks frenzy as fans spot Vera star  [REACTION]Brenda Blethyn hits back at criticism of Vera’s appearance [NSIGHT]   He said: "The Terminator poster...a regional poster like this from 1984 "I regularly see these making £200 to £300 in this condition. "Kagemusha, I am a little bit biased because, to be honest with you, I would love to have that poster frame in my home." Offering to buy it from the guest, the expert added: "I would happily give you £250 for that poster." "[The] Alien poster again in that condition, maybe around about the £300 mark. "I would say that your collection is probably nudging around £5,000 [in total]. However, before the segment ended, Marc issued a warning to the guest: "Don't forget to support your local cinema." Elsewhere in the programme, expert Geoffrey Munn was blown away by a set of mourning rings that had human hair in them. Antiques Roadshow airs on Sunday at 8pm on BBC One. 