Law and Order airs on NBC and the 21st instalment welcomed back Detective Kevin Bernard (played by Anthony Anderson). The star reprised his role from the show's original run for the revival in February 2022. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about his short-lived return and why he is leaving. Fans of the series may think it strange that Kevin Bernard is stepping down once more, having only just returned for the latest season. However, it was announced last year that he had only signed a one-year deal and had decided not to return for season 22. Anderson was keen to support the show's creator, Dick Wolf, for the launch of the revived show following its initial cancellation in 2010. But he was always set on moving on to pastures new once season 21 had kicked off. The same can be said for Sam Waterson, who plays Jack McCoy, but it is not clear whether he will return for season 22. READ MORE: Law and Order exit: Why did Denis Leary leave as Frank Donnelly? Anderson did not show signs of an exit in the latest episode of the police procedural drama. His character and on-screen partner Cosgrove (Jeffrey Donovan) had been looking into the murder of an off-duty police officer. One of the reasons for his exit is that he has been working on a number of other projects, including ABC’s Black-ish. He is both starring in and executive producing the series. The actor is also in business with NBCUniversal for the release of Anthony Anderson and Mom: European Vacation, a comedy and travel show. The star is on Instagram and he has been giving fans insight into his latest ventures away from the show. He said of his recent time on the Sonic Leap podcast: "I had the pleasure of being the narrator of this one of a kind podcast #sonicleap with these 4 blood brothers from Georgia. "They also have a band called @herotheband that makes amazing music. Come join us for a ride." Senior Detective Kevin Bernard joined Law and Order for the 18th season and he remained part of the main cast until the show's cancellation, following season 20. DON'T MISS...Law and Order SVU: Viewers slam 'disgusting' redemption arc [DISCUSSION] Law and Order SVU's Rollins and Carisi romance set for big change clue [INSIGHT] Law and Order season 21: Fans ‘gutted’ as Nolan suffers a huge blow [DISCUSSION] Actor Anderson also played Detective Lucius Blaine on the show's spin-off, Special Victims Unit. He was the temporary partner of Elliot Stabler (Christopher Meloni) after Detective Olivia Benson (Mariska Hargitay) transferred. His character's relationship with Stabler was turbulent and Blaine would often make cruel comments toward Stabler. They would argue about Benson and Stabler's family, which resulted in physical fights. The 51-year-old actor is married to Alvina Stewart and they have two children, Nathan and Kyra. The comedian is known for his roles in K-Ville, The Shield and Transformers. He has kept very busy serving as the host of the ABC version of the game show To Tell the Truth. The star also appears as a guest panellist on a number of other game shows.  Law and Order season 22 will air on NBC.