An eventful final day of the Premier League season saw plenty of twists and turns as Liverpool and Manchester City were vying for the title. Both teams came from behind to win as Pep Guardiola’s side were crowned champions following their 3-2 victory over Aston Villa after the Reds' 3-1 triumph over Wolves left them a point behind their rivals. Fans in both stadiums were trying to keep track of what was happening in the other game, and were relying on those around them for updates. As Mohamed Salah’s strike gave Liverpool the lead at Anfield, Manchester City had already completed their comeback and it meant that despite the Egyptian’s goal, Liverpool were going to finish second. However, shortly afterwards fans were spotted celebrating as if they had moved above Manchester City, prompting those around them to question whether Steven Gerrard’s side had got a third goal at the Etihad Stadium. Speaking on talkSPORT, Jamie O’Hara explained: “Salah scored and it was 2-1 Liverpool, people were telling Salah because he had run celebrating thinking they [City] were still losing but people were telling him it’s 3-2. “Then out of nowhere over in the corner of the ground people were jumping up and down, I think it must have been the Wolves fans and it went round the stadium, everyone was getting misinformation that Aston Villa maybe scored again to make it 3-3. “The place went mad and the thing is I am in the gantry, I am standing there and I have got the screens in front of me, I have got the Twitter pages so I have got all the Liverpool fans shouting at me ‘What’s the score? What’s the score?’ and I am going ‘I don’t know, I don’t know’. “Then I turn round and they are screaming at me. I was like ‘It’s 3-2 Man City, it hasn’t happened’, so it was harsh, whoever started that chant is bang out of order.” Liverpool finished second despite their 3-1 win over Wolves. Pedro Neto shocked the home crowd when he put the visitors ahead after just three minutes. Sadio Mane equalised in the 24th minute, and it took until the 84th minute for Liverpool to take the lead with Salah’s strike. Andrew Robertson got a third but it had little effect as Manchester City defeated Aston Villa. Guardiola’s men also had to come from behind, as goals from Matty Cash and Philippe Coutinho had Villa 2-0 up with 15 minutes remaining. Then three goals within five minutes, a brace from Ilkay Gundogan and one from Rodri, ensured they would go on and lift the title, despite claims at Anfield that Villa had got a third goal to equalise.