Katrina Law was welcomed to the NCIS cast at the end of season 18 and brought back as a series regular last year. Portraying Agent Jessica Knight, Law is now one of the leading actors in the CBS police procedural with fans finding out more about her with every episode. Her character is also in the middle of a flirtationship with chief medical examiner Jimmy Palmer (played by Brian Dietzen) with fans hoping they will soon take the next step. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS.Jessica Knight joined the core team after her colleagues in the REACT Unit died while on a mission. During her time at NCIS, she has quickly grown fond of chief medical examiner Jimmy Palmer and their interest in one another hasn't gone unnoticed. They have yet to go on their official first date with investigations and other commitments getting in the way up until now. But with the series finale approaching, it is hoped they'll be able to make some time for that night together. READ MORE: Emmerdale’s Jeff Hordley criticises soap character Cain Dingle Agent Jessica Knight is played by actress Katrina Law who can be recognised from a variety of shows, prior to her stint on NCIS. She has played Mira in Starz' Spartacus: Blood and Sand, Nyssa al Ghul in The CW's Arrow, Karen Beach in The Oath and Quinn Liu in CBS' Hawaii Five-0. Law is married to 47-year-old actor Keith Andreen who she first met on the set of TV show The Resistance in 2010. After three years of dating, the couple tied the knot with a romantic ceremony in Costa Rica. Law, 36, and Andreen welcomed their first child, daughter Kinley into the world in 2018, just before Christmas. Taking to Instagram to share the good news, Law posted a photo from her hospital bed with her newborn cradled in Law's arms. The post reads: "So very happy to introduce you to Kinley. "7 pounds of baby perfection. Mama and Papa are doing well! "Thanks for all the love and support during this pregnancy and to everyone who reached out to check in on us! I am already so in love with this bundle of squirming joy!!!" DON'T MISS...Emmerdale’s Jeff Hordley criticises soap character Cain Dingle [CAST]David McCallum age: How old is Ducky from NCIS in real life? [AGE]Vanessa Lachey husband: How did NCIS Hawaii star meet husband [RELATIONSHIP] As well as updates on her acting career, Law also shares various pictures from her personal life. The most recent post was on New Year's Eve with herself and daughter Kinley having fun in the snow, with no location disclosed. The family also have a dog, a pit bull-labrador cross whose name still remains unknown. But when she isn't spending time with her loved ones, Law is working hard on the set of NCIS. NCIS season 19 will be coming to an end next week with just one more episode left to go. Entitled Birds of a Feather, the finale's description reads: "When Agent Parker is framed for murder, the team puts their jobs and lives on the line to buy time and uncover the truth." But will they be able to clear Agent Alden Parker's (Gary Cole) name before it's too late? NCIS season 19 concludes on Monday, May 23, on CBS. The drama continues on Wednesday on Disney+ in the UK.