Phillip Schofield and Julie Etchingham hosted ITV’s live broadcast of the one-off royal event to mark the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee Celebration at Windsor Castle. Actor Tom Cruise, comedian Omid Djalili and Dame Helen Mirren were just some of the famous faces present at the historical event. However, Phillip and Julie’s interview with Top Gun star Tom was not well received by some viewers. Tom’s latest Top Gun: Maverick will premiere in the UK on Thursday. During an interview with the actor, Phillip revealed he and Julie had seen the new film. He said: “We both went to see Tom Gun: Maverick last week and as big fans of the original if I’m honest Tom we were terrified.” “So was I,” Tom quipped and Phillip continued: “‘What are we going to say if we don’t like it?’ Read more: Tom Cruise speaks of his ‘great admiration’ for the Queen “[But] it is incredible. It’s everything you want it to be and more.” ITV viewers hit out at the hosts for quizzing the actor on his new film during the Platinum Jubilee Celebration programme. @CityHobo61 tweeted: “Given up on the dire @ITV coverage of #PlatinumJubilee - after an hour seen more of Tom Cruise plugging his film than show & far too much of Phil & Julie. Utter waste of programming time!” (sic) “Time to turn over to #AntiquesRoadshow as #ITV have spent 45 minutes waffling on and allowing #TomCruise to plug his new film and not the platinum celebration of The Queen’s reign that was advertised,” @JiveDancer99 remarked.  @bryanjdavis added: “Can @itv just show the full ceremony without ads and Tom Cruise promoting his film? “So far, the production is just a mess and hugely disrespectful for her majesty when the live show is probably very good.” “The #itv #platinumjubilee celebration programme is very strange. I had no idea it was even on. Why isn’t it being broadcasted during the Jubilee long weekend? Why has Tom Cruise has just promoted his new film? It seems to be just clips of random celebs. I’m very confused,” @see75 shared. @eileenp92811144 questioned: “I thought this was all about Her Majesty. C'mon, who cares about Tom Cruise. Publicity for himself and his films.” DON'T MISSGB News' Nana Akua laughs as she blasts Meghan Markle Jubilee snub  [INTERVIEW]Tom Cruise WALKED to Jubilee event and wanted to fly plane for Queen [INSIGHT]Crowd roars as Queen arrives on Royal Windsor Horse Show red carpet [VIDEO] @royalobsessed_ added: “This show is classic ITV, so much waffle 10 minutes of Tom Cruise chatting about his new Top Gun film? Can we get on with the show please.” Elsewhere, Tom revealed he had a “great respect” for the monarch as he recalled being asked if he would like to be involved in the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee Celebrations. The actor said: “It’s a real privilege. I was just very honoured [to be asked]. “She’s just a woman that I greatly admire. I think she is someone who has tremendous dignity and I admire her devotion. “What she has accomplished has been historic. I just remember always as a kid seeing photos of her. "She has met presidents, world leaders, people from all walks of life.” "Not just Americans, but the world knows the dignity, devotion and kindness, that is what I have always felt about her,” he continued. "Someone that understands her position and has held it through a history that's just been extraordinary the past 70 years. “Even before I started producing movies, I would bring them here to England because I just liked the crews and the people. “I love the history of England and I just have great respect for the Queen. So when they asked I instantly said ‘Yeah, it would be my honour’. It’s wonderful.” The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee Celebration is available to watch on ITV Hub.