The main flowering season for bulbs is spring and summer, although there are types that will break through the frozen ground in winter, such as snowdrops and crocus, and those that will keep blooming well into fall, such as dahlias and begonias. Gardeners who include enough variety in their gardens will have something in flower in every season. Whether gardeners are choosing the best spring or summer bulbs for their garden, it’s vital to know when to plant bulbs at the right time as they take a while to grow. Peggy Anne Montgomery, floriculture and bulb expert at Flowerbulbs.com explained: “Planting bulbs is giving yourself a gift of joy to experience later. “There are so many varieties to choose from, offering different colours, shapes, textures, and sizes. In the spring, plant summer-flowering bulbs like lilies, dahlias, or gladiolas. “In the fall, plant spring bulbs like tulips, daffodils, or hyacinths.” The advice in this article applies to traditional bulbs such as tulips, as well as tubers such as dahlias, corms such as crocosmias, and rhizomes such as canna lilies. READ MORE: Gardening tips: ‘Best time of day’ to water your garden plants Learning how to plant bulbs is easy, and you don’t need to vary your technique much between different types of bulbs. However, it's always worth checking for any planting notes specific to your chosen flower – when learning how to plant dahlia tubers you will find there are some slightly different approaches than when learning how to plant tulip bulbs, for example. Bear in mind that most bulbs need a sunny spot and well-drained soil to thrive. Aya Bradley, a gardening expert at The Golden noted that gardeners first need to prepare the soil to plant their bulbs. DON'T MISS: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘cheap trick’ to rid homes of fruit flies [TIPS]Winchester: The £1m property, the doer-upper & the average home [INSIGHT]Interior design tips: Paint colours to ‘avoid’ for ‘small rooms’ [EXPERT] She said: “Choose loose and well-drained soil, mixing in organic materials like compost and peat moss. You can also add a special bulb fertiliser.” Next use a trowel to dig a planting hole or trench while following a particular “rule”. Joanna VonBergen, founder of Gingham Gardens said: “A general rule of thumb on the depth of the planting hole is three times as deep as the bulb’s diameter. “For example, if the bulb is two inches in diameter, dig a hole approximately six inches deep.” The expert also recommends considering the bulbs’ planting arrangement carefully. She said: “Plant bulbs in drifts or groupings, as opposed to planting in a straight line, for a more pleasing look.” The next task is to plant the bulbs while providing enough space between each one. Peggy said: “Arrange small varieties about four inches apart. “For larger plants like dahlias and lilies, five to six inches is better. “Place the bulbs gently into the hole with the pointed top upward.” Those planting bulb flowers that are likely to require support, such as dahlias, then it’s best to stake them at the time of planting, as otherwise gardeners risk piercing the bulbs if you do it retrospectively. Lastly, cover the bulbs with soil and immediately water generously to encourage the bulbs to take root. The gardening pro explained that when planting summer bulbs in the spring, it’s important not to let the soil completely dry out, so occasionally check and water if needed. She said: “When planting spring-flowering bulbs, add two to three inches of mulch on the garden bed to provide added protection from the cold and keep the soil from drying out.”