Ms Neesom sat down as a panellist with host Jeremy Vine to discuss the £300,000 political monument. A furious protester took aim over the weekend and egged the statue. Ms Neesom discussed being 15 years old when Ms Thatcher was the first female Prime Minister of England, and how it spurred her own ambitions. The statue has been erected in Ms Thatcher's home town of Grantham in Lincolnshire. Mr Vine said: "The £300,000 statue was originally intended for Parliament Square in Westminister. "It's a 20ft high statue, a CCTV camera has been installed directly opposite the memorial. "And it's in St Peters Hill Green, close to the museum at the site of the famous grocer's shop, which Thatcher's dad worked in. "So do you take the statue down, Dawn?" JUST IN: 'END of Russia' Putin told UK will 'cripple' Moscow in swift revenge for nuclear strike     Ms Neesom said: "No, of course, you don't, regardless of your politics she was the first female Prime Minister of this country. "She achieved amazing things as a woman. "As a 15-year-old, we had a female Prime Minister and that, for me, as a young girl at the time, said there are no limits - you can go and do what you want."  READ MORE:'I felt sick!' Retired widow loses £40,000 after 'looking for companionship'     Tory councillor Kelham Cooke commented on the statue of Ms Thatcher. In a statement, Ms Cooke explained that "we must never hide from our history" and then described the statue as a "fitting tribute to a truly unique political figure". Ms Cooke added: "Margaret Thatcher will always be a significant part of Grantham's heritage. She and her family have close ties with Grantham. She was born, raised and went to school here. "It is, therefore, appropriate that she is commemorated by her hometown and that the debate that surrounds her legacy takes place here in Grantham."  DON’T MISS:UK would STILL vote to stay OUT of the EU, Brexit referendum poll showsUkraine: Horror warning as Putin 'would be prepared' to launch nukes if defeatedPutin's 'Iron Doll' clutches at straws and desperately claims Ukraine WAVE was Nazi salute A video on social media has been circulating of a man in a white T-shirt approaching Ms Thatcher's statue, while holding a box. The man begins throwing eggs, and the first two miss the statue before the third connects. The remnants of egg shells and shattered yolk were still visible up until yesterday afternoon. 