Meghan Markle married Prince Harry four years ago today and millions tuned in to watch the action live on TV. The blushing bride emerged on the steps of St George's Chapel wearing millions of pounds worth of jewellery, but three items, in particular, stood out as valuable Royal Family heirlooms which Meghan wore in tribute to her new family. Express.co.uk explores the value of these precious gems and how they came into the Royal Family's possession.  Every royal bride gets the option of wearing one of the Queen's tiaras on her wedding day, and Meghan opted for a unique choice with a striking Art Deco design. Queen Mary's bandeau tiara consists of eleven sections on a flexible band and it is utterly bedazzled with diamonds pave set in a combination of large and small brilliants. Jewellery expert Maxwell Stone said: "Meghan's tiara was no doubt the most valuable item she wore on her wedding day. It belonged to Queen Mary, who was married to King George V and is Queen Elizabeth II’s grandmother.  READ MORE: Meghan taking things 'for granted' is 'recipe for disaster' - claim “The centre stone featured in the tiara is actually a brooch, comprised of 10 diamonds, which Mary of Teck received as a wedding gift from the County of Lincoln in 1893. "In 1932, the diamond and platinum bandeau tiara was specifically made to accommodate the brooch." Like many of the tiaras in the Queen's jewellery collection, Queen Mary's bandeau tiara broaches into seven-figure territory in terms of value. Mr Stone added: "A piece like this is likely to be worth over £2million.”   Later on their wedding day, Meghan and Harry changed out of their main wedding outfits for more casual ensembles suitable for their reception, and Meghan flaunted an incredibly special aquamarine ring as she waved to well-wishers en route. Princess Diana was spotted wearing a huge aquamarine ring following her divorce from Prince Charles in 1996, and the precious stone was thought to have been gifted to her by a friend. Now in the possession of her younger son, Meghan surely wore her late mother-in-law's aquamarine ring as a touching gesture on her big day.  DON'T MISS:'Enjoys the status' Prince Harry 'living his best life' in US - Expert [INSIGHT]How Meghan Markle 'entranced' Prince Harry when they first met [ANALYSIS]Royal LIVE: Harry hated cameras! Duke blasted over new Netflix series [LIVE] Mr Stone explained: “Aquamarine is one of the most visually beautiful gemstones. With an enchanting pale blue colour, the ring was a perfect addition to Meghan’s wedding day outfit. “Now having been passed down to Meghan Markle from Harry, it’s interesting to know that the aquamarines are often associated with tranquillity, serenity, clarity, and harmony. "As the first of the spring birthstones, the sea blue crystal represents transformation and rebirth. It embodies youthful vitality, purity, loyalty, hope, and truth.“ As for the ring's value? Mr Stone added: “While the ring is no doubt priceless, if it were available to buy, it would be worth around £85,000.”  Prince Harry gave his future wife a bespoke creation as an engagement ring in 2017, but it included two diamonds from his late mother's collection. According to the experts at Steven Stone, Meghan's engagement ring is worth a hefty £120,000, but it undoubtedly holds a priceless sentimentality to the Duke and Duchess. The central diamond in Meghan's trilogy ring is cushion-cut and was sourced from Botswana, where Harry and Meghan famously holidayed under the stars when they were dating. On her wedding day, Meghan waved to crowds from a carriage wearing her stunning engagement ring alongside her new gold wedding band. The yellow gold band has since been altered to include an angelic array of pave diamonds, adding some extra pizazz to an already stunning ring. 