Yellowstone will be returning to The Paramount Network soon with the highly anticipated fifth season. Beth Dutton (played by Kelly Reilly) continues to be a formidable force for the enemies of the Duttons. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about actress Reilly's family history. Kelly Reilly has been a part of the Yellowstone cast since the very beginning and she quickly became one of the show's most iconic characters. Known and loved for her fiery and sometimes wreckless nature, she continues to win the hearts of viewers. Actress Reilly has been nominated for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama for her role. Fans are keen to find out more about the star, who is British, having been in awe of her flawless accent in the series for many years. READ MORE: Yellowstone’s Cole Hauser opens up on back injury 'Couldn’t move aroun Reilly was born in Chessington in England, with her mother being a hospital receptionist and her father a police officer. She went to Tolworth Girls' School in Kingston and studied drama at GCSE level. The star also comes from an Irish background as her grandparents are from Ireland. She married Kyle Baugher in 2012 and now splits her time between England and the US. The star paid tribute to her drama teacher at Tolworth Girls' School as he introduced her to the world of acting. She opened up about her childhood and how she was shy as a student, with little interest in schoolwork. Before she discovered a love of acting, she enjoyed working with horses and toyed with the idea of working with them. She told the Evening Standard: "I couldn't afford a horse, but I kind of adopted one and spent a lot of time with him. "It was an obsession — and if I hadn't discovered acting I wouldn't be here talking to you." DON'T MISS... Yellowstone’s Beth star shares big change made to Jamie Dutton scenes [INSIGHT] Yellowstone’s Beth Dutton star admits backstory was hidden [INTERVIEW] Yellowstone season 5: Beth Dutton pushed out of family as star hints [THEORY] Reilly worked as a groom at a polo club and exercised the horses there. Although she works with horses in Yellowstone, she does not spend as much time with them as her co-stars. At 16, she left home and took on a few roles in theatre before making her TV debut as Polly Henry in Prime Suspect. This role was her springboard to becoming an international star, but she found fame hard to deal with at first. She opened up about how she was "furious" when her parents were doorstepped by reporters. She said: "I just couldn't believe it - my mother was being summoned home from work, and my father was being pestered for comments about my performance. "He was making the reporters cups of tea." The renowned actress has gone on to earn a nomination for a Laurence Olivier Award for her performance in After Miss Julie.  Yellowstone season 5 is in the making for The Paramount Network. Season 4 of Yellowstone is now available on Peacock along with seasons 1-3.