After falling ill with a viral bronchial infection, the star released a statement saying that the shows would be rescheduled for 2022 as he recovers. With the possibility of bronchitis leading to pneumonia, which is particularly dangerous for elderly individuals, Humperdinck said that he was “so upset” in having to cancel the original dates, going on to add that coming down with an infection like bronchitis had “never happened before”. “I have come down with a viral bronchial infection and am being treated for it now,” Humperdinck sadly admitted late last year. "This has never happened before and I so much wanted to see all of you in the 14 cities." Before signing off with a line he always uses: “Stay well and remember... I love you.” The star was able to make a full recovery, and since has not had any other major health ailments that have stopped him from making new music and performing for audiences across the globe.  READ MORE: Gloria Hunniford health: Star on 'horror' food that caused pre-diabetes - 'It's poison'  Chronic bronchitis is one of a number of lunch conditions that are known collectively as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Other conditions that fall under this umbrella term include emphysema. It is estimated that there are around two million people in the UK affected by chronic bronchitis. Most of these are adults over the age of 50. Whereas acute bronchitis is more common in colder winter months following a cold or sore throat. Another similarity to the common cold, bronchitis is caused by tiny droplets that come out of the nose and mouth when someone coughs or sneezes. The NHS explains that these droplets can spread around three feet and can survive on surfaces for up to 24-hours. In addition, everyday items both in homes and public places may have traces of the virus on them, making it easier for people to pick up the viral infection when out and about.  Certain lifestyle habits such as smoking is one of the main causes of chronic bronchitis, making it particularly important that individuals quit if they have bronchitis. It can also affect people who inhale second-hand smoke. Once diagnosed, bronchitis does not usually need treatment from a GP, unless an individual experiences severe or unusual symptoms. These include: A GP may also need to rule out other lung infections, such as pneumonia, which has symptoms similar to those of bronchitis. For others, bronchitis symptoms can be treated at home with plenty of rest and drinking lots of fluids. Individuals can also treat headaches and fever with paracetamol and ibuprofen.  Other lifestyle changes have been recommended by the NHS to help ease your symptoms, such as: Around one in 20 cases lead to pneumonia, which is a more severe infection that spreads further into the lungs and causes tiny air sacs inside the lungs to fill up with fluid. Now fully recovered and heading back out on tour, Humperdinck is also now on TikTok where he creates regular “hump day” vlogs. In one, just after the star turned 86 he said: “Friends and family came over and we toasted my birthday and absent friends. It was quite touching and very warm. I really enjoyed it. “I am ready to get back on the road again. Look out for me because I want to keep doing it. I love it.” 