Frogmore Cottage was formerly the residence of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, before they relocated to Los Angeles. Now, it is home to Princess Eugenie, Jack Brooksbank and one-year-old August Brooksbank. The Grade II listed building is located in Windsor’s Home Park. It is a stone's throw away from Windsor Castle, which means Princess Eugenie is very near to her grandmother, the Queen, and August, his great-grandmother. Frogmore Cottage was offered to Meghan and Harry ahead of their wedding in 2018. But they did not move in until April 2019 following extensive renovations that cost a whopping £2.4million. READ MORE: Prince Charles: Inside royal's 'breathtaking' Highgrove House Eugenie and her small family can now reap the rewards of such renovations. But what is the history behind Frogmore Cottage? The original Frogmore House was built between 1680 and 1684 by Charles II's architect Hugh May, and had a succession of occupants including politicians. But it only became a royal residence in 1792, when George III’s wife, Queen Charlotte bought the property. DON'T MISS Sophie Wessex and Prince Edward's £30million home is near Queen Amalienborg Palace: Inside Crown Princess Mary of Denmark's home Haga Palace: Inside Crown Princess Victoria of Sweden’s home It was given a number of alterations to make it fit for the Royal Family. A smaller house, Frogmore Cottage, was built as a retreat house for a reported £450 in 1801. Here, Queen Charlotte and her unmarried daughters indulged in painting, drawing, needlework, reading and the study of plants. Speaking of the cottage, the then Queen said: "I mean this place to furnish me with fresh amusements every day." Her garden was a splendour, boasting rare trees and plants, honeysuckle, and golden rain trees. It also had a barn and Gothic Ruin. The peculiar name, Frogmore Cottage, derived from the large quantities of frogs living in the low-lying marshy area. Queen Victoria (1819-1901) dined at the cottage on June 28, 1875 for breakfast and remarked that the "immense number of little frogs" were "quite disgusting". Nowadays, while Frogmore House is a little more well known, and can be visited by the public this August, Frogmore Cottage is more private. However, we have gotten glimpses of the property in some of Princess Eugenie's Instagram posts. In several Instagram posts from @the_anti_slavery_collective, a collective co-founded by the Princess, the house has been pictured. The interiors appear predominantly white, however in one video she spoke from home, sitting on a sofa covered in red cushions, and pale green walls. Another video features a pink painting and pink and orange printed cushion.