According to experts, the tiny pets turn into huge two-foot long “giants” in open waters. They reportedly then proceed to wreak havoc on local species, gorging on insects and tadpoles. Therefore, taking the “humane” option when dealing with a no longer wanted family pet may not be so humane in the long run. Lead author of the new study Dr James Dickey, of Queen's University Belfast, said: "Our research suggests goldfish pose a triple threat. “Not only are they readily available, but they combine insatiable appetites with bold behaviour. “While northern European climates are often a barrier to non-native species surviving in the wild, goldfish are known to be tolerant to such conditions. “They could pose a real threat to native biodiversity in rivers and lakes, eating up the resources that other species depend on.” The fish also contribute to poor water quality, mucking up the bottom sediments of rovers and uprooting plants. Invasive species are one of the leading causes of global biodiversity loss. The pet trade is responsible for a third of these invasive species. A huge part of this is owners releasing unwanted animals into the wild, with goldfish in particular being a pet awarded to children at funfairs or bought on a whim. Since it was first domesticated over a thousand years ago, the humble goldfish has since established non-native populations all over the world. Comparing the pet to the white cloud mountain minnow, a species with a limited invasion history, goldfish were found to be voracious, consuming far more than native species. Researchers also assessed the behaviour of the animals. In this case, goldfish were found to be much braver - a trait commonly linked with invasive spread. Dr Dickey said: “Our research highlights that goldfish are high risk, but we hope the methods developed here can be used to assess others in the pet trade across Ireland and further afield. READ MORE: Dog owners told not to share bed with pet amid 'untreatable superbug' [REVEAL] “Readily available species are most likely to be released, so limiting the availability of potentially impactful ones, alongside better education of pet owners, is a solution to preventing damaging invaders establishing in the future.” The study, published in journal NeoBiota, follows appeals to aquarium owners in Minnesota to stop releasing pets into waterways after several huge goldfish were pulled from a local lake. Officials in Burnsville, about 15 miles south of Minneapolis, said they can grow to several times their normal size. In 2013, Scientific American reported that researchers trawling Lake Tahoe netted a goldfish that was nearly 1.5ft long and weighed 4.2lb. It's estimated as many as 200 million goldfish are bred each year – most ending up as domestic pets.