Alex Gray, a prolific Scottish novelist, said Scotland’s “priority” right now should be on “feeding children, housing the homeless and stopping the scourge of poverty” as she attended a debate in Glasgow. While heralding the voluntary sector for its work, she claimed “it should be coming from the Government”. In a slight to Sturgeon, she added she “assumed” politicians took up office “surely to make a difference”. Ms Gray said: “Well, I think it has to be a political responsibility. It’s got to be something over which the politicians are going to sit down and say: ‘This is important. This should take priority’. “And I have to say, with regards to the independence reference, stop talking about it. “Look at what we need to do, and what we need to do is feed children, house the homeless, and stop the scourge of poverty. “It’s just awful. I mean if you go to a place like Glasgow City Mission and you see what people are doing voluntarily, it’s wonderful. “But it shouldn’t be like that. It shouldn’t be on charity; it should be coming from the Government. “People who become politicians surely do so to make a difference, to care about the general public. That’s what I would assume.”    More than 150,000 Scottish households are expected to see their bills exceed their incomes within the next year, the latest data suggests. It comes as the cost of living crisis continues to squeeze the purse strings of the Scottish public. While Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has been heavily critical of the Prime Minister over his handling of the cost of living, Ms Sturgeon has come under fire from within Scotland. Ian Murray MP, the shadow secretary for Scotland, accused the Scottish National Party of being on a “constitutional merry-go-round” at the expense of the public. READ MORE: Nicola Sturgeon MOCKED over 'SNP obsession tour' as she flies to US [REPORT]   Writing in a column for the Edinburgh Evening News, he said: “Neither of Scotland’s governments seem to have given a single thought as to how we stop children going to bed cold and hungry, despite them both having the power to help. “The SNP government needs to get off their constitutional merry-go-round and start putting the lives of Scots first.” He also accused Ms Sturgeon of unnecessarily “jetting off to America to make the case for independence”. He concluded: “Never mind, at least we have a referendum to fight over – that’ll pay the bills.” DON'T MISS: Scots turn against Sturgeon's 2023 IndyRef plan, according to poll [INSIGHT] Sturgeon gushes over Sinn Fein win as fans declare UK is finished [REVEAL]Sturgeon's independence dream faltering as SNP fail to capitalise [REPORT]    Ms Sturgeon was heavily critical of the Queen’s Speech earlier in the week, claiming “there was nothing in the Speech” that would mitigate against rising costs. She said: “We’ve seen other governments across Europe take much more action, and of course at the start of the pandemic, we saw a scale of response that was necessary to help people at that point. “That’s the scale of response that we need to see from Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak now. “Stop talking about it, stop letting us hear the words about it, and let us see the action.”   