A leading education expert described the factsheets as “seriously misleading”. The booklet was designed for S1 pupils and contains 16 photos of Scotland’s first minister and other SNP politicians. It even includes illustrations of two completed ballot papers, each with the boxes ticked for pro-independence parties. Meanwhile, the booklet features just one picture of Labour MSP Monica Lennon, and one image of the Labour logo - while failing to mention the Scottish Conservatives at all. The 34-page study booklet also reportedly features several nationalist slogans throughout. Despite this, the education aid encourages pupils to “come to your own conclusions” about political topics like Scottish independence. It is also not fully factually accurate, wrongly stating that James V inherited the English crown in 1707, when it was actually James VI in 1603 with the Union of the Crowns. Chairman of the Scottish Conservatives and MSP Craig Hoy said the leaflet was “outrageous.” He added: “It’s time to stop using the Scottish education system to pump out pro-independence propaganda.” Lindsay Paterson, professor of education policy at Edinburgh University, told the Scottish Mail on Sunday: ‘The information gives a very biased view of the way in which the Scottish government, the Scottish parliament and Scottish democracy work. “It is so one-sided as to be seriously misleading and ought not to be used for teaching in any educational institution. “It contains elementary errors of fact, ignores the positive case that was made for the old style of Union before the Scottish parliament was set up in 1999, ignores large areas of reserved powers for the UK parliament and the UK government, and ignores the positive case that is made by opponents of independence. “The material is also very seriously biased towards the SNP as a political party.” Meghan Gallacher, for the Scottish Conservatives, said: “The creeping nationalist propaganda in our schools should be of grave concern to anyone who values knowledge, education and freedom of thought — regardless of your political views.” READ MORE: Sturgeon humiliated as 'case study in how not to do things' [REVEAL] Chris McGovern, of the Campaign for Real Education, said: “Even people who support independence must recognise this discredits the cause and shows a lack of confidence. “Schools must ensure lessons about political topics represent a fair balance of views.” The booklets were issued by North Lanarkshire council. A spokesman for the council said: “The concepts discussed in the booklet are key elements of modern democracy and their historic context. “We will review the booklet in terms of factual accuracy and make any changes deemed necessary.”