Russian political scientist Dmitry Kulikov has argued that Joe Biden has been looking to overthrow Vladimir Putin since 2012. Mr Kulikov told Russia's state tv that Biden's plan to turn Ukraine against Russia might have worked if not for the election of Donald Trump. Mr Kulikov told Russian state TV: "I am certain that a decision to destroy us was reached in 2012. "By the same group to which Joe Biden belongs. "When he told Putin he has no right to run for reelection and Putin rejected his demand. "From that point on everything was decided and it would have worked, if not for Trump." JUST IN: Ukraine LIVE: Brutal Chechen warlord threatens 'second stage' attack "Trump gave us those four years," he added. "Thank you very much." It comes as Russia's defence ministry said on Wednesday that it had disabled six railway stations in Ukraine used to supply Ukrainian forces with Western-made weapons in the country's east. The ministry said it disabled the railway stations by bombing their power supplies using high-precision air and sea-based weapons.  It did not say which Western-made weapons were supplied to Ukrainian forces via those stations. The ministry also said it had hit 40 Ukrainian military targets, including four depots storing ammunition and artillery weapons. A Russian submarine in the Black Sea also fired two Kalibr cruise missiles at targets in Ukraine, Russia's defence ministry said on Wednesday. "The crew of the Black Sea Fleet submarine-launched two Kalibr cruise missiles from the Black Sea at designated ground targets in the territory of Ukraine," it said. DON'T MISS:Sturgeon based ferry fiasco on 'corrupted decisions' [REPORT]Boris rumbled: ‘Nonsense' UK crime figures shames PM [REVEAL]Key reasons Ukraine has NOT hit targets in Russia [OPINION] Russian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu warned on Wednesday the Russian military would consider NATO transport carrying weapons in Ukraine as targets to be destroyed. Shoigu also said that the Ukrainian fighters holed up in the sprawling Azovstal plant in Mariupol were kept under secure blockade after President Vladimir Putin ordered that they be hermetically sealed off. Russia sent tens of thousands of troops into Ukraine on February 24 in what it called a special operation to degrade its southern neighbour's military capabilities and root out people it called dangerous nationalists. Ukrainian forces have mounted stiff resistance and the West has imposed sweeping sanctions on Russia in an effort to force it to withdraw its forces. 