While it is well known and established that eating a balanced diet of fruit and vegetables is crucial, people occasionally forget about dietary accoutrements, also known as snacks. Over consumption of treats such as biscuits, pastries, pies, and chocolate can lead to increased cholesterol levels, raised blood pressure, and the risk of a stroke. As a result, replacing sugary and salty habitual fillers is a surefire way to improve health and cut risk. Researchers have now found olives could be effective in this regard. READ MORE: David Niven: Star's battle with Lou Gehrig’s disease explained According to data published in the journal Lipids in Health and Disease, olives have been found to reduce the risk of stroke. This is because they contain high levels of monounsaturated fats. These fats have been found to reduce the overall risk of stroke, mortality, and cardiovascular disease. Monounsaturated fats can also reduce levels of harmful LDL cholesterol.  While the results of the study are positive, the researchers note: “Further research is necessary to evaluate specific sources and cardiovascular risk.” As well as poor diet, other factors can increase a person’s risk of stroke such as:• Smoking• Alcohol• Inactivity. Furthermore, poor management of underlying conditions such as diabetes, hypertension, and atrial fibrillation also play a role. Meanwhile, certain gut microbes may also play a role in both the risk and severity of a stroke. Scientists have recently added to a growing body of evidence suggesting the gut microbiome could play a role in cardiovascular disease. The gut microbiome is a miniature ecosystem of bacteria residing inside the digestive system; how this behaves can determine a person’s risk and reaction to several conditions. Doctor Michael Lledos of the Saint Pau Research Institute said of the study: “We identified new bacteria taxa associated with higher risk of stroke severity.” Doctor Lledos added: “The discovery opens the exciting prospect that, in the future, we may be able to prevent strokes or improve neurological recovery by examining the gut microbiota.” The hope is by understanding this complex part of the immune system doctors may be able to prevent strokes and improve post-stroke recovery. Recovery from a stroke depends greatly on its severity and the rapidity of a medicinal response to the event. Strokes remain one of the leading causes of death and disability in the UK; improvements in prevention mean that may not be the case for long.