Wilfred Emmanuel Jones, a businessman and farmer known as the “black farmer”, said he would forgive “anything” as long as people deliver results. Mr Emmanuel Jones, who was an unsuccessful Tory candidate in the 2010 General Election, claimed his party will be “punished” in the local elections.  He said: “Well I predict that we will be punished but this sort of stuff tends to happen halfway through a Parliament. “One of the questions that I was hoping to come up was this thing between partygate and beergate. “One of the things that we have to start looking at is when you just start to just rake up dirt. If you look deep enough you can always find people who have done things wrong. “I think what we need to try and do with our politics is to be results driven. Rather than at the moment it’s all about personality.   “I just think that actually if we do get punished what everybody needs to focus on is who is the party that is going to deliver? “And I will forgive anything, I will forgive people who make mistakes whilst they deliver. “And if we do get a slight beating, I hope that when we come to the big election people say we’re going to vote on who delivers results. “Love him or hate him - we have to say that Boris has delivered.” READ MORE: Angela Rayner swerves question over Beergate and flees in taxi Mr Emmanuel Jones’ comments led to booing and general uproar among the West Midlands audience that presenter Fiona Bruce had to calm down. Once order had been restored Charlotte Ives Political Correspondent for Times Radio talked about the “really tricky” nature of local elections. She said: “I think local elections are really tricky because when your votes are counted what are you voting for? “Are you voting to send a message to a national politician or are you just saying who you want to be in charge of your bin collection? DON'T MISS:  Brexit LIVE: Remainer civil servants' plot to scupper £10bn trade deal [REVEAL] Local elections: 'Postal vote?' Boris mocked as Carrie absent  [INSIGHT] Starmer is Corbyn mk2 so Boris is safe whatever - ROBERT TAYLOR [SPOTLIGHT]   “Basically it comes down to personal choice, really what is it that you care about? “Do you care about sending a message? Do you care about local services? “One thing I will say is that if you voted today to remove Boris Johnson. “To send a message to the Tories that they should get rid of Boris Johnson I think you are going to be disappointed. “Because my sense now from Conservative MPs is that they want to move on from all of this. “They don’t see someone who is a viable alternative to him.” 