Erik ten Hag has lost his cool with a fourth official as he looks to win the Eredivisie title with Ajax. The Dutchman will become the new manager of Manchester United at the end of the season. But, for now, his focus is on securing another league crown. Ajax are currently in action with AZ Alkmaar and they know that, if they win and PSV Eindhoven fail to beat Feyenoord later today, they’ll be champions. And Ten Hag has cut a frustrated figure on the touchline during the contest so far. The 52-year-old has been spotted snapping at the fourth official, making it clear he’s unhappy at the way the game is being refereed. Ten Hag has won two league titles during his time in Amsterdam so far. And, if he secures a third, then it will be the perfect way for him to say goodbye to the club. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Ten Hag is understood to be involved in the decision-making at United as he gears up for his new challenge at Old Trafford. But he’s also made it clear his main focus is on helping Ajax continue their dominance of Dutch football. Prior to today’s contest, Ajax had netted 89 goals across their 32 league matches so far. And they’ve conceded just 15 goals during that time, too, meaning they possess a goal difference of +74. Ten Hag was asked about the United job prior to this afternoon’s contest. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag And he made it clear he wouldn’t be drawn on questions about the Red Devils, while also insisting he’s ready for the challenge ahead. “Ajax is also big and I am used to it," said the Dutchman, who will be replacing Ralf Rangnick. "I am not interested in media, I am interested in my work. Working with my team and my players. “That is what I have been doing and what I will keep doing." Ten Hag also shut down suggestions United would look to raid Ajax for their best players, too. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “No, there are no agreements about that. I now have very good players, but it’s not an issue at all,” he said. Meanwhile, Ten Hag will be walking into a chaotic United given their 4-0 defeat to Brighton on Saturday. Goals from Moises Caicedo, Marc Cucurella, Pascal Gross and Leandro Trossard put the Red Devils to the sword. And Rangnick, speaking following the contest at the Amex Stadium, said United have reasons to be positive ahead of Ten Hag’s arrival. “This has to be done at the end of the season,” he said. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “I’m still very positive that with Erik Ten Hag we have a top manager next season and I’m also pretty sure the board has already made some changes and there will be more changes to come in the summer. “I’m still positive that we can change the whole issue and show a completely different face next season and this is important, not only for our fans but also for the image of the whole club. “If there is one good thing that we realise, it's that there is a lot of space for improvement and that we need some changes.” Ten Hag is set to become United’s fifth permanent manager since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement in 2013. David Moyes, Louis van Gaal, Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer have all been hired and fired in the years since.