Amidst all the outrage about how distasteful this is nobody seems to have realised how utterly pointless it is too. There can be no marriage in any meaningful sense of the word. Married people live together but Bellfield lives in prison so that is out of the question. Married people have intimate relations but there is no provision for conjugal visits in UK prisons, so the union can never be consummated. If he were serving a finite sentence the woman could claim to be waiting for him but he is in prison until death do them part. In short, any marriage would be an utter sham. Yet under the Human Rights Act, his wish for that sham must be granted. When the then Blair Government decided to incorporate the European Human Rights Act into our own law, I said, as Shadow Home Secretary, that we would watch what happened and if a lot of nonsense followed then a future Tory Government would repeal it. A lot of nonsense has indeed followed and repeal is badly overdue. We have had many instances of criminals citing their right to a family life to avoid deportation. Indeed, Abu Hamza, the radical hate preacher, relied on the Human Rights Act to resist deportation for a very long time on the dubious grounds that the American justice system would expose him to torture. We seem to assume that there is a right never to be offended or hurt or to feel insulted and to cry “human rights” at the drop of a disobliging word. Yet the most fundamental right of all, that to life itself, is casually dispensed with for, say, Down’s babies just before birth. Such contradictions will be difficult to codify in any replacement Act but what we have at the moment is nothing short of a farce.  Viewers are moaning that Tom Cruise hijacked the Platinum Jubilee celebration at Windsor Castle to promote his own film. Actually the actor talked about the Queen in a respectful and admiring fashion and those words will be reported in America where they will act as an excellent counterbalance to those of the whining Sussexes. Lee Anderson is only too right when he praises his local food banks for getting users to sign up for cookery and budgeting courses. We all know that it is possible, with the right teaching, to feed a family on remarkably little, and were there a real will to help then other food banks would follow suit. However, there is often no interest with people too discouraged to want anything more than a quick solution, which is why obesity can be found in poor areas.  If Ukraine had fielded Pinky and Perky in the Eurovision Song Contest, it would still have won. This wasn’t about merit but about sending a tough message to Putin that all Europe is united against him. I haven’t watched Eurovision in decades and didn’t this time either but oh, how glad I am now that it is still around! I am eagerly awaiting the documentary on the free school set up by Katharine Birbalsingh, the head who says that teachers betray children from deprived backgrounds if they make excuses for them instead of demanding discipline and concentration. Lefties hate her and parents love her. I had a similar experience in my own constituency where there was a primary school which served a council estate called Mangravet. Applications were unenthusiastic as many parents chose other schools. Then the word went round that “a new strict headmistress” had arrived, who didn’t stand any nonsense and who made the children stand in line and say grace. Her reasoning was simple: why should less be expected of Mangravet children than of others? Parents answered that by queuing up to get their children in.  The Chase host Bradley Walsh attributes his achievements to the work ethic of his working-class roots but his greatest asset is a rare gift: to make others feel he is personally interested in their success. Royalty needs it when pinning the umpteenth medal on the umpteenth person during lengthy investitures and quiz hosts need it when listening to the answers of the last contestant in a long day of recording multiple shows. It is not easy to stay as freshly enthusiastic as if this were the first. Walsh has that ability as does Ben Shephard over on Tipping Point who never implies a mental yawn even at the most stupid answer. You feel they are on your side and I think I will resist the temptation to offer a penny for  Amid the mindless campaign against working from home, it baffles me that people cannot see that what matters is not WHERE the job is done but HOW it is done. If it is being done badly there can be only one of two reasons: either it cannot realistically be done from home, in which case it shouldn’t be, or the employee is slacking, in which case exactly the same disciplinary measures can be invoked as would be in an office. How stupid is the now often-repeated refrain that people who work from home are being disrespectful towards those who cannot do so? For heaven’s sake! If I am at my desk in my study, does that make me disrespectful towards the odd-job man who mends my door handles? On the contrary, what is really disrespectful is the portrayal of homeworkers as pyjama-clad layabouts when in fact they can easily be working longer and harder than their office-bound colleagues. 