The Star Wars sequel trilogy was rounded off in 2019 with The Rise of Skywalker. At the end of the series, most of the Jedi were killed off, and only Rey Skywalker remained. Since then, fans of the Disney franchise have been hoping to hear more about the future of the Star Wars movies. A number of projects have been announced - including a brand new trilogy of films - but not much else has been revealed just yet. Until now. Kennedy, the Lucasfilm president, spoke candidly about what is to come in the Star Wars film universe. However, that included some bad news about the new film trilogy. The untitled trilogy will be coming from the mind of Rian Johnson, who directed Star Wars: Episode VIII - The Last Jedi. But Kennedy revealed that this new trilogy will not be happening "any time soon". Kennedy said at the Star Wars Celebration: "Rian had such a gigantic success with Knives Out that he’s very committed to trying to get that done. So it’ll be a while [until his trilogy]." She added that this is very much down to how the Star Wars schedule works. She noted: "As you know, we have to work three, five years in advance on what we’re doing. So that’s where that sits." There was some good news in her info dump, however. READ MORE: Star Wars timeline and recap: When exactly Obi-Wan Kenobi is set In recent years Disney Plus has been expanding the outer edges of the Star Wars mythos with its various TV shows. And most of these have been based around the events of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi; long before the sequel trilogy took place. These series have even brought back Luke Skywalker as a young man to expand on what he did between Episodes VI and VII. Kennedy revealed that the new projects in Star Wars' film series will keep moving things forward in the narrative. She added that they are "moving further beyond" the existing sequel trilogy in their "movie space". DON'T MISS...Star Wars timeline and recap: When exactly Obi-Wan Kenobi is set [TIMELINE]When does the Obi-Wan Kenobi series come out on Disney Plus?  [NEWS]Star Wars: Hayden Christensen’s ‘sweaty’ Darth Vader pants confession [INFO] Kennedy went on: "[The sequel era] is what we talk a lot about in terms of where we’re going with our movies, and just how far out from that we’ll go. That’s very much the space we’re concentrating on." (Via Empire) There are other projects in the works, however. On top of Johnson's upcoming trilogy, Marvel director Taika Waititi is also creating an as-of-yet-untitled movie which is sure to be a change from the norm. At the same time, Wonder Woman director Patty Jenkins is working on an upcoming movie: Rogue Squadron. Jenkins recently gave some details about Rogue Squadron, which is due to tell a new kind of story in the Star Wars universe. She told The Hollywood Reporter: "It’s going amazing. I had been on it already for six months before I even announced that, so we’re pretty deep into it. We’re finishing a script, crewing up, and it’s all going wonderful." She added: "I’m so excited about the story and excited that we’re the next chapter of Star Wars, which is such a responsibility and such an opportunity to really start some new things. It’s really exciting in that way." Watch the Star Wars saga on Disney Plus now. SOURCE