The spring months are among the busiest in a gardener’s calendar. Many gardeners will find themselves sowing seeds, tidying up their gardens, feeding their plants and planting. However, one job that gardeners may have forgotten to do early on is pruning. Most plants are pruned in the winter when plants are dormant. Those who have forgotten to prune some of their plants, need not worry as founder of GardeningExpress.co.uk, Chris Bonnett, has reassured gardeners that the task can be done now. He exclusively told Express.co.uk: “If you’ve missed pruning something because it should have been done earlier, it’s up to you whether you should do it now or not. “If you’ve got, for example, roses coming back into growth and they’re all long and scrawny, and you should have pruned those before they came back into growth, you could prune them now. READ MORE: Oven cleaning: ‘The right technique’ to clean oven door glass properly “It’s just going to mean the flowering is going to be a bit later in the summer. “But then you will get the shrubs back into order. “You can still do that but don’t be daunted. “It just means those flowering shoots are going to start again and be a bit later.” DON'T MISSPaint expert: Three common decorating mistakes to avoid [INSIGHT]Grace Kelly's family home was 'inviting' like 'English pub' [UPDATE]Foxes ruining your garden? Gardening pros claim this free hack 'works' [ANALYSIS] The best time to prune roses is usually in late winter or early spring. However, depending on temperatures, pruning could be done as early as January or this month, according to Garden Design.com. Chris said if gardeners have missed certain jobs in early spring, May is the month to do them. He added: “I would say, this is the month where if you’ve missed something, you will still probably get away with doing most of those jobs now. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Even if you end up - pruning is a good example - sacrificing some flowers or they might just come later.” Larger shrubs or bushes that are looking unruly can also be trimmed back now. However, gardeners need to check them first as birds like to nest in them. The gardening pro said: “Obviously, if you’ve got large shrubs and hedges that might be a bit big and getting out of control, you need to have a good look first in case there are any nesting birds or anything in there.”  There are plenty of jobs gardeners can be getting on with in May. Dahlia tubers can be planted out in May along with Cannas as the risk of frost passes. Liquid feed also needs to be applied to spring bulbs such as tulips and daffodils to help them produce a good display next year. Weeds tend to appear more frequently this month as the ground warms up. Gardeners can keep on top of those by hoeing bare soil and hand-weeding beds each week.