The Monaco royal couple were also accompanied by their seven-year-old twins Princess Gabriella and Prince Jacques, as the family attended the Monaco E-Prix. This marks the first time Charlene has stepped out publicly since being treated for “exhaustion” in Switzerland.  They have rarely been seen together since Zimbabwean-born Charlene, 44, spent some 10 months in South Africa last year, after contracting a serious sinus infection during a solo charity trip. The illness left her hospitalised and delayed her return to Monaco. She underwent surgery in October for an ear, nose and throat infection after checking in under a pseudonym in a Durban hospital, a palace source said at the time. After her return to the principality in November, Charlene left almost immediately to receive treatment for “exhaustion” at a Swiss clinic.  Friends previously told Page Six that the mother-of-two “almost died” while she was in her home country, while her husband spoke out to say she is suffering from "exhaustion, both emotional and physical". Albert told People magazine in November: “She was clearly exhausted, physically and emotionally. She was overwhelmed and couldn't face official duties, life in general or even family life.” A palace statement released on December 23 revealed Albert and the couple’s children were planning to visit Charlene during the Christmas holidays, as well as asking for the family’s privacy to be respected. It added that the princess “is recuperating in a satisfactory and reassuring manner, although it may take a few more months before her health has reached a full recovery.” READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Prince Harry's US firm hit by 'staff mutiny'  The couple released an official family portrait earlier this month to mark Easter. A body language expert noted that Albert looked “tense” in the image, while highlighting the close bond shared by Charlene and her children. The last time she was heard from, in November 2021, she shared a video on Twitter as she left South Africa for Monaco. She said: “It has been, obviously, a very challenging time to be here but at the same time it has been wonderful being back in South Africa. DON'T MISS:Treasury withheld financial support during the cost of living crisis Tories pledge half of MPs will be women Meghan Markle wanted to copy Gwyneth Paltrow’s success  “I'd like to thank the doctors in South Africa who have done a fantastic job of helping me and I'm so looking forward to getting back to my children.” In an interview which took place in early October, which was shared on Charlene’s Instagram page, she said she “misses her children, Prince Jacques and Princess Gabriella, terribly”. She added: “Any mother out there who has been separated from her children for months would feel the same way I feel. “I came to South Africa to oversee some foundation projects. I was unwell at the time, unknowingly, with an infection. “It was addressed immediately. Unfortunately, it grounded me for some months in South Africa.” 