Jo Whiley, 56, took to Twitter today to apologise to her Scottish fans as she was forced to cancel a show due to being “felled” by Covid. In the heartfelt tweet, the BBC Radio 2 host said she was “gutted” she was missing the appearances over the weekend. Sharing her UK tour posters in view of her 366,000 followers, Jo wrote: “I’m SO gutted not to be bringing my 90’s anthems show to Scotland this weekend. “I’ve been looking forward to seeing you all so much but Covid has felled me. “Sorry to let you down & for any inconvenience caused.” She added: “I’ll be straight back up to see you when I’m fit to party.” The post soon attracted attention as fans reacted to the news and wished Jo a speedy recovery. LisainEdinburgh tweeted: “Oh no Jo! GUTTED its off but get well soon and look forward to seeing you soon!” (sic) Nealbarton5 added: “Look after yourself and get well soon.” MendipLiving chimed in: “Take care and look forward to seeing in Frome in July!!” G1LL78 penned: “Noooooo. was really looking forward to it, but hope you're not too unwell.” (sic) Jo has previously been outspoken about her health and her issues with curvature of the spine and osteoarthritis. The DJ has even campaigned to increase awareness around health and fitness. Speaking to Express.co.uk back in February, Jo explained how swimming helps her deal with some health issues. DON'T MISS...Kelvin Fletcher's wife Liz announces arrival of twins in sweet post [LATEST]Naga Munchetty reacts as guest says Charles could've 'sexed up' speech [INSIGHT]‘Brian May shares frustration over Taylor Hawkins death [UPDATE] She said: "I'd say swimming is one of the most important things that I do in terms of helping my back and also my general fitness. "All the aches and pains and things I'm feeling, I just know that if I get in the water then by the end of it, I'll feel much looser and much more supple. "I will always, always try and find somewhere for a swim wherever I go. "If I'm working away anywhere, or I've got the day in London and a couple of hours, I will have my costume and google so that I can find a local pool. I'll just get in the water and that helps everything. "I do get quite a lot of pain in my joints, which is very annoying, but I could see it coming. My grandma had osteoarthritis, my mum has it, like my auntie, my dad's got rheumatoid arthritis.” Jo has also worked on increasing her flexibility to support her spine and improve her ability to move. "I am not very supple and flexible," she said, "but I always take the opportunity to try and stretch when we're watching television. "I'll be there doing glute stretches or stretching my arms. Stretching is incredibly important," she added.