Benji Lewis is an interior designer who boasts truly stunning designs. He is a well-established UK-based interior designer and the founder of Zoom That Room, an online interior design advisory service. He spoke with Express.co.uk and discussed the biggest renovation mistake costs, which could end up costing you hundreds of thousands to fix. He told readers: "It’s absolutely cast in stone that for a project to succeed, you have to have scale drawings to work with. "Without these, you won’t get a proper handle on your space, so to try and cut costs by not getting these done will ultimately cost you dear, when you go shopping only to find things don’t fit your room properly." Benji went on: "If you can, work with an architect. READ MORE: British homeowner creates incredible DIY Downton Abbey-inspired period kitchen - pictures "While you might have a good understanding of space, an architect will not only spot things that you don’t, they’ll also be the best sounding board for creative thought to ultimately provide you with a very good canvas on which you can work." What are architect fees like? According to HouseholdQuotes.co.uk, a site survey with an architect can cost £300 to £500. For drawings and plans for planning permission, the fees can vary based om the size of your operation. For an extension or conversion, you could pay between £2,000 and £4,000. For a new build, this could be up to £5,000 for drawings and plans for planning permission. DON'T MISSAdd £8k to your house value with surprising interior update [EXPERT] Devalue your home by £20,000! Dark blue walls and gold [WARNING] Home interiors must-haves in renovator Emily Canham's dream home [PROPERTY] Benji also listed "knowing your limitations" as essential for tackling a renovation or major redesign. He said: "If creating brilliant living room spaces and bedrooms is something you’re really good at while designing the functional aspect of a kitchen is a challenge, then leave the latter to someone who really can do it." He went on: "Know what you have to work with and apply logic to your thought processes. "For example, to fit pendant lights in a room with a low ceiling just doesn’t make sense and yet people do it. "Look instead at side lighting or if you really want overhead, look for flush-mounted ceiling fittings or go for recessed downlighting." When it comes to choosing furniture, make sure you think about living in the room once it's done. "Imagine living in the room you’re furnishing once it’s complete and think about how you’d like to do this," he said. "Easy living is what you’re after, ultimately. That’s not to say things are sloppy, but where you position an armchair and the coffee table might be a little far away. "Look for a neat occasional table you can put beside you so that there’s somewhere close to hand for you to comfortably put your drink or iPhone down." A property expert recently detailed a massive paint warning when it comes to choosing white paint. How do you choose the right white paint for your room? Tash Bradley is the Director of Interior Design for Lick and a colour expert. The home decor company specialises in pigment-rich paints in fresh colours. Tash said: "The best white is subject to the room type and the other colours you already have on the walls."