Jennie Bond outlined that the young Princess is "sporty like her mother". Princess Charlotte, who turned seven years old this week, was pictured wearing a white blouse and a blue Ralph Lauren jumper in a new portrait taken by her mother to mark the young royal's birthday. Speaking about the picture, Ms Bond explained: "She’s not an overly girlie girl. "She’s quite sporty in general, like her mother." She added: "So I don’t know if it’s a conscious gender-neutral statement, but I think probably she’s just not a girl who would appreciate pink." Kate's sporting prowess was demonstrated when she took part in a mock training session with England men and women's rugby teams earlier this year. This came after she was made a patron of the Royal Rugby Football Union (RFU) and Rugby Football League (RFL). She was pictured training with both the men's and women's teams, at one point even being lifted into the air while trying a line-out. At the event, Kate was given three junior team kits for George, Charlotte and Louis. The Cambridges reportedly celebrated Princess Charlotte's birthday with a celebration at Anmer Hall. READ MORE: Prince George, Charlotte and Louis’ preparations for royal duty The party included a unicorn cake, mini pizzas, burgers, sausage rolls, hot dogs and multi-coloured cupcakes. Ms Bond said that Charlotte is likely to have received "something sporty" as a birthday gift. She also said that the party would have featured "outdoorsy" activities. Speaking to OK! Magazine, she said: "We don’t know for sure because the Cambridges do like to keep details of their children’s birthday celebrations private, but I imagine that whatever her gift was it will have been something sporty. DON'T MISS: Meghan 'came from nothing' but 'trampled on others' - Claim [INSIGHT] 'A game-changer' Meghan's secret weapon for battling anxiety revealed [REVEAL]Charles ‘teetering on the edge’ of major role as Queen cancels Stat... [ANALYSIS] "I imagine Charlotte would have had some of her friends there, and they would have been running around doing outdoorsy stuff, maybe played games and watched a movie." Competition between Princess Charlotte and her older brother George was previously revealed by Prince William, who said that there is often a "massive fight" between the two young royals over the family's choice of music. He said the two young royals have taken on his "family's love of music", but they often bicker over what song is played in the morning. The future king said: "What I've been amazed by is how much my children already have inherited my family's love of music. "Most mornings there's a massive fight between Charlotte and Prince George as to what song is played. "And I have to, now, basically prioritise that one day someone does this one, and another day it's someone else's turn."