Fernando Alonso won’t be penalised following his fiery rant about stewards ahead of the Spanish Grand Prix. The two-time F1 world champion spoke out against the officials after they handed him a time penalty following the conclusion of the Miami Grand Prix earlier this month. Alonso was handed a five-second penalty in Miami after he was deemed to have gained an unfair advantage by going off the track during proceedings. And the penalty meant he ended the day without any points to show for his efforts. But the Spaniard was adamant he had slowed up to relinquish his advantage during the race and shouldn’t have been hit with the punishment. And he was upset that he was sanctioned without being given the opportunity to defend himself. Ahead of the Spanish Grand Prix, Alonso told reporters his penalty in Miami was “very unfair” and the result of “incompetence” from the stewards. He called their conduct “not very professional” and insisted he had not seen any improvement from the FIA this season following their decision to replace last season’s race director Michael Masi with Niels Wittich and Eduardo Freitas this year. DON'T MISS: George Russell agrees with Carlos Sainz and compares F1 health risks to 1960s footballers  “We saw a couple of things already that proves that we still need to improve a lot,” the 40-year-old said on Friday. “Racing is… I mean you need to have some knowledge about racing, before being a race director or try to monitor a race. And I don’t think that that knowledge is in place at the moment.” Alonso’s comments were reportedly referred to the stewards in an informal manner - but they did not result in an official review and no further action is deemed necessary. Instead, the driver was visited in the Alpine hospitality area by FIA president Mohammed Ben Sulayem on Friday afternoon as the pair talked. DON'T MISS...Federer visits Hamilton and Russell sending Spanish GP fans wildGeorge Russell raises Mercedes doubts after Spanish GP practiceLewis Hamilton reacts to Valtteri Bottas making £42,000 for bum pics    Alonso says he didn’t apologise to Ben Sulayem but insists their conversation was positive. “He knew my feedback after Miami already, so he was aware of everything,” Alonso said. “At the end of the day, we are all trying to help each other. The FIA, drivers, GPDA - we are all in the same boat and we try to make the sport more fair and better. I think it was a nice and friendly talk, and we will move forward and hopefully get better and more consistent.” Alonso is set to start today’s Grand Prix in 17th place after a disappointing showing in qualifying. And he will need to put in a top performance if he is to claim any points. 