Former Game of Thrones star Gemma Whelan is also known for appearing in a range of major series across the BBC, Netflix and ITV. However, she is still best remembered by fantasy fans for playing the fierce Iron-born commander, Yara Greyjoy, across six seasons of the George RR Martin epic. She has now opened up on Good Morning Britain about whether she plans to return to her star-making role. TV star Gemma weighed in on a potential return to Game of Thrones during her chat with Kate Garraway and Richard Madeley. She appeared with screenwriter and Line of Duty star Maya Sondhi to promote their new ITV drama, DI Ray. However, GMB presenter Kate couldn’t help asking if Gemma had any inclination to return to HBO’s blockbuster fantasy series. “Just playing on my natural prejudices, Game of Thrones? Would you ever consider coming back?” she asked. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Ethan Anderson to leave village as he's sacked Possibly to some fans’ surprise, Gemma confirmed: “I would love to do it again.” Although Yara was kept alive by the end of the final season, Game of Thrones ended rather divisively in 2019 with no sign of the flagship epic coming back just yet. The Westeros saga will continue later this year with the highly anticipated prequel, House of the Dragon but, for now, Yara’s story has come to a close. Gemma looks back at her time with the series fondly, but there were some caveats to coming back to reprise her iconic role. She added: “With the same set of people and the same set of circumstances, I would love to.” As House of the Dragon is helmed by a slightly different creative team, including new showrunner Ryan J. Condal, Gemma may need a little more convincing to come back. HBO’s first Thrones spin-off also features a brand new cast of A-listers, including Matt Smith, Paddy Considine and Emma D'Arcy as the infamous Targaryens. Even so, if the prequel series proves successful, the network could green-light more opportunities for the original cast to return in the near future. DON'T MISS:BBC Breakfast blasted over ‘poor’ Sturgeon interview [REACTION]NCIS LA Devin and Fatima in life-threatening explosion [VIDEO]Selling Sunset’s Christine Quinn ‘quits Oppenheim Group’ [LATEST] “I miss it every year,” Gemma admitted to the GMB hosts. The actress also revealed the set of Game of Thrones was a safe environment for her baby daughter in spite of all the swords and dragons. “I did, I took Frances,” she confirmed when Kate asked if she was able to take her daughter on-set. “She was with me, so I’ve got great pictures of her with me in costume feeding her.” The actress had previously told RadioTimes: “I was worried, as many actors are, that if I had a baby my career would be over. “Actually, if you just ask for what you need without being an idiot, it [taking your baby on set] isn’t insurmountable. And your career isn’t over.” Thankfully, motherhood hasn’t hampered Gemma’s career in the slightest, and she has continued to take on major roles in some of the UK’s highest-profile new dramas since she said goodbye to Yara. Game of Thrones seasons 1-8 are available to stream on HBO Max, Sky Go and NOW.