Dame Helen Mirren, 76, has explained that lockdown could have ruined her 25-year marriage to Taylor Hackford. The star said that she feared what spending so much time together could have done to their relationship, but, luckily for the couple, it turned out for the best in the end. The Queen actress said that her marriage has been made “normal” by the pandemic, and it’s been great to spend time bonding with her partner. The Oscar-winner explained how she and her partner normally travel around the world together. This all changed in 2020 during the pandemic. She reflected on how their relationship had been impacted due to travel restrictions. The Hollywood star admitted in a recent interview: "We have literally never spent this amount of time together. "[The year] could have been disastrous but has actually been fantastic." READ MORE: Carol Vorderman praised after rescuing stranded hiker on mountain Fortunately, she continued in the chat with The Telegraph’s Stella Magazine by saying the couple have enjoyed getting to experience what “most people have”. The star explained that despite being married for almost 30 years, they’ve not had the chance to spend much time together. She said: “In all that time [their marriage] because of the nature of both of our work we’ve always been looking at suitcases, at packing. “It’s been really great to just sort of have what most people have. “You know, normal, regular, repetitive lives, but comfortable lives.” The star added that she and Taylor have been able to grow closer during the Covid pandemic. Dame Helen described the time as a great “bonding experience.” Helen and Taylor have been married for 24 years, after tying the knot in 1997. DON'T MISS... Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker steal Met Gala spotlight [PICS]Brooklyn Beckham shirtless as Nicola Peltz dares to bare at Met Gala [LATEST]Anne Hegerty reacts to Mark Labbett's The Chase replacement [INSIGHT] He has been married twice before and has two children. The actress and director were dating for 11 years before they wed. It comes after the Prime Suspect star explained that she had come to terms with looking her age and ruled out getting plastic surgery. The Oscar-winning actress also confessed that she would “love to look 20 years younger” but she “never will”. She told The Mirror: “I’m old! And I look it. And that's just fine.” She added: “We seem to have got to a point where (ageing gracefully) means not having plastic surgery. “Though I should have thought there’d be more to it than that. To me it’s more about accepting who you are and what you are and going with it.” “Obviously I try to look as nice as I can – and I'd love to look 20 years younger. But I don't and I never will.”