Several factors increase the likelihood of nasal cancer, experts noted at the University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust. Examples include smoking, a HPV infection, and exposure to wood dust. "The outlook for nasal cancer can vary," the specialists stated, "depending on where the cancer is located and how far it has spread". Experts at Head and Neck Cancer Australia pointed out the signs and symptoms of nasal cancer. "Common" indications of a growing tumour relate to the way you feel. Feeling as though you have a blocked or congested nose that simply doesn't clear is a possible sign of nasal cancer. An experience of pressure or pain behind the nose, around the upper teeth, is also a sign. So too is the sensation of blood trickling down from the nostril (i.e. nosebleeds). READ MORE: Oesophageal cancer: Early signs may be digestive There might also be a lump or sore inside of the nose, in the mouth, or on the face. Nasal cancer can also lead to a decreased or loss of sense of smell. Additional symptoms might include frequent headaches or pain in the sinus area, numbness or tingling in the face, or painful and loose teeth. There could be pain or pressure in the ear, or watery, swollen eyes that leads to double vision. DON'T MISSStatins: Medications could work better with cholesterol drug [REPORT]Brits only feel good for an average of 47 percent of the time [INSIGHT]High cholesterol: Two visual clues on your face - 'it's a sign' [COMMENT] If you have any of these symptoms for more than a few weeks, talk to your doctor as early as possible. Risk factors Cancer Research UK explained that cigarettes contain nitrosamines, which causes cancer. "When you smoke, the smoke may pass through your nasal cavity on its way to your lungs," the charity elaborated. The longer you smoke, the higher your risk of developing nasal cancer becomes. A report by the Health and Safety Executive (2012) found that a third of nasal cancers are linked to certain occupations. At-risk occupations include carpentry and shoe makers, who might be surrounded by carcinogens. Frequent exposure to hard wood dust, leather dust, nickel compounds, and radium 226 and 228 are linked to a higher risk of nasal cancer. In terms of the human papilloma virus (HPV), it's a common virus that can cause small growths or warts. "About 30 in every 100 cases (30 percent) of nasal and paranasal sinus cancers are linked to HPV," Cancer Research UK stated. "Of the different types of HPV, type 16 is the most common with nasal and sinus cancers." There is no national screening for nasal cancer, so if you are experiencing any troubling symptoms, do seek the support of your doctor. As with any type of cancerous tumour, the sooner treatment can begin, the better.