Stacey Solomon, 32, has spoken out about being “nervous” about the first episode of Bake Off: The Professionals airing on Tuesday evening. Stacey has replaced comedian Tom Allen, 38, to present the show alongside 2017 Great British Bake Off contestant, Liam Charles, 24. Each week, contestants will be taking on a range of baking challenges with the aim of impressing returning judges, Benoit Blin and Cherish Finden.As the Channel 4 baking show made its debut, Stacey said she was worried about any trolling she might receive.Taking to her Instagram Story, Stacey told her 5.2 million followers: “Oh my gosh, I just got a message from Bake Off, I completely forgot it starts tonight!“I’m so nervous because when you are on the telly, people let you know if they hate you. READ MORE:Jennifer Saunders says 'no one warned her' of ‘brutal’ health struggle “If you watch it tonight, I hope you enjoy it and I'd love to know what you think.“Unless of course you think I’m a big horse face who shouldn’t be on the telly.“Then in that case, don’t let me know!”In a follow-up clip, Stacey revealed that her pal Sophie Hinchliffe - otherwise known as Mrs Hinch - had helped to settle her nerves.  Stacey could be seen sitting in the back of a car watching the episode on her phone.Both Stacey and Sophie laughed hysterically as the latter held the Loose Women panellist’s hand.In the caption, Stacey penned: “Here we go. Real friends pick you up and take you out when you’re nervous.“And then sit in the back of a car watching you watch yourself on telly @mrshinchhome.” DON'T MISSJames Jordan's wife Ola addresses 'difficult' family farewell[LATEST]Rylan Clark urged critics 'lay off' Scott Mills amid BBC replacement[NEWS]Ainsley Harriott breaks silence as he saves sister from drowning[INSIGHT] Mrs Hinch also shared a snap of the sweet moment and gushed that she is “proud” of her friend.It comes after Stacey opened up about how stressful she found filming the show and admits that she was nearly brought to tears because the pressure was so "intense".She explained: “My first weekend of filming was so dramatic.  “I thought, 'Is this normal?' It was intense and crazy. It was just really frantic and a lot happened. “Honestly, my heart sank so many times on that first episode I thought I was going to cry."She also added to The Sun that her co-stars put her at ease and immediately made her feel like she was “part of the family”.Bake Off: The Professionals airs Tuesdays at 8pm on Channel 4.