Former Liverpool star Adam Lallana has offered some advice to Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain as his Anfield career looks to be drawing to a close. The Englishman has had a tough campaign under Jurgen Klopp. Lallana has told Oxlade-Chamberlain that he knows exactly how he feels at Liverpool with the midfielder on the peripherals of Klopp's team. It is likely that this will be his last season at Anfield. In a bid to raise some necessary funds, the former Arsenal star could be allowed to leave in a move that would benefit all parties. Liverpool are in the market for a midfielder already and have high hopes of signing Jude Bellingham or Aurelien Tchouameni. However, Klopp needs to make some room in his squad while Oxlade-Chamberlain has had a shoddy year full of injuries and disappointment. The 28-year-old has played 17 times in the Premier League this year. Remarkably, that is more than he had last year with just 13 league matches under his belt - though his trophy cabinet looks decent still after lifting the Premier League title, Champions League trophy, FA Cup and Carabao Cup. But can he truly say he played a large part in those successes? One player he knows his situation extremely well is Lallana, who towards the end of his time on Merseyside was either on the bench or injured. Since moving to Brighton, the former England international is back feeling like the main man again and he had some advice for his old Liverpool pal. “It has been a tough few months for Chambo,” said Lallana. “Not being involved. I have been there myself. It’s hard to manage your own ego at times because you want to be playing. You feel sorry for yourself. “At times, you do have to act. When you are down, you have to put a brave face on to support your teammates. And you can be proud of doing that. “Come the end of the season, he has contributed. When the lads were at AFCON’s in January, he put in some unbelievable performances. He scored some important goals, so he has contributed massively. It was great to see him on the bench and celebrate with his players.” Where Oxlade-Chamberlain could go this summer remains to be seen with several Premier League clubs interested in a potential move. West Ham are one of the reported frontrunners, as well as a return to Southampton.