A weight loss hypnotherapist has told Express.co.uk that diets rarely work. In fact, studies have backed up the assertion that dieting does not help most people lose weight. In a large study published in the medical journal The BMJ, researchers analysed 121 clinical weight loss trials and found most of those in the studies regained most of the weight they lost in a year or had completely returned to where they started. Sandy Robson a weight loss hypnotherapist at Zoe Clews & Associates, which provides hypnotherapy for a host of treatments detailed how Britons can lose weight for good. "Hypnotherapy is essentially simply a way to communicate with your subconscious mind," Sandy explained. "Your subconscious is the true powerhouse when it comes to change and that includes weight loss. "One of the main benefits of hypnosis is that it allows people to enter a relaxed state of mind where they may be more open to suggestions to help change certain habits. In my experience, clients have had great weight loss transformations when using hypnotherapy." The weight loss professional went on: "Diets do not work; they speak and signal to the subconscious mind deprivation and starvation. "The subconscious will only tolerate the new fad diet for a week or two, then you will find yourself back at the same place, feeling even more deflated and hopeless than you did at the start. "The way to ‘release’ weight is to re-program the subconscious mind with all the benefits of a healthy lifestyle, and the prospect of a long life.  READ MORE: Eat phytoestrogens to combat menopause symptoms like weight gain and reduced sex drive "The subconscious wants your safety and survival and will co-operate." In her practice, Sandy uses a certain style of hypnosis to help with weight loss, known as the "Virtual Gastric Band". She said: "The virtual gastric band is a program or a way of communicating and convincing the subconscious mind that you are satisfied with three healthy meals a day. "The subconscious mind loves metaphors, the VGB is a metaphor as it communicates that your stomach has shrunk and that you can only eat small portions of food." However, for those who aren't ready for, or interested in, such a treatment, Sandy has some subconscious weight loss hacks that you can use on a daily basis. DON'T MISSTrainer says calorie deficit is 'the only way' to burn fat [EXPERT] Celebrity trainer claims an 'extra hour in bed' helps weight loss [DIETS] Five rules for weight loss: Tips from a fitness and diet guru [INSIGHT]  Redefine what a treat means Sandy said: "Get honest with yourself about ‘trigger addictive foods’. "Constantly denying yourself something you really want never works in the long term. The flood bank will always break. "But notice if it is impossible for you to put highly addictive sugar into your body without subsequently craving it for the rest of the day. Break the spell. "It’s very individualised but sometimes it is much easier if you cut it out completely." Stop treating your body like a rubbish bin Sandy went on: "Many of my weight loss clients initially turn up having gone into a form of body dissociation - eating mindlessly and binge eating and effectively treating their body as a rubbish bin. All that excess must go somewhere. "Ask yourself, does my ‘body’ actually want to eat this? "Informing the subconscious that you and your body are working together as a ‘perfect team’ all for your highest and best interest is imperative for lasting change." Get in alignment with your emotions Sandy said: "The most common thing I see in my practice is clients being overweight due to emotional upset. "This doesn’t mean that to lose weight you have to go into intensive therapy, but it’s very worthwhile to take some time to see if there are any previous experiences that you are still holding onto more than you should. "By coming to more peace with your past it’s like lifting an emotional weight off you, and this reflects on the scales too."