Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Liss Jones wrote: “How on earth do I clean my electric hob? Never had one before.” The post was inundated with tips and tricks, receiving more than 50 comments. Mrs Hinch fans recommended a variety of tips, including a “holy grail” product. Group member Sh Gh said: “Washing up liquid diluted with water. I clean it with a wet sponge and then a clean cloth. “Clean it after every time you cook.” Alison Cameron wrote: “Washing up liquid with warm water and then a microfibre cloth to buff it.” Julie Morris commented: “Just soap and water.” READ MORE: Gardening: Top plants to 'increase' your property’s value Patricia Valencia added: “I agree, soap and water is my holy grail. Washing up liquid costs like 15p in Aldi and it does so many jobs around the home.” Warm soapy water is effective when removing grease and grime. For stubborn stains, the hob may need to be cleaned more than once. What’s more, washing up liquid can be used on a variety of hobs, including ceramic. DON'T MISS:I tried Astonish’s new cleaning paste - here's the results [PICTURES]Gardening: How to plant the best summer containers [COMMENT]‘Best order’ to renovate a home and increase your house price by £10k [EXPLAINER] Sarah Walker said: “Warm soapy water is effective for this. I use it all the time and it’s removed the stains.” Other Mrs Hinch fans recommended Elbow Grease. Elizabeth Phillips wrote: “Elbow Grease all the way.” Natalie Offlands commented: “Elbow Grease is the best for me.” Harriet Wilson said: “Elbow Grease and leave it to sit for a bit. You may need a hob scraper.” The Elbow Grease All Purpose Degreaser can remove grease and oil in various situations, including on the hob. It can be used on a variety of different materials too. It can be purchased for around £1 in supermarkets as well as B&M. Sharing advice on the same forum, Mrs Hinch fans also shared top tips on cleaning ovens. Melissa Hamblin commented: “Use The Pink Stuff Paste, leave it on for 10 minutes and then scrub off with a scourer.” The Pink Stuff Paste is an affordable cleaning paste used by Mrs Hinch and her followers. The product is gentle on surfaces but tough on stains, ideal for cleaning different areas of the home. Other fans recommended using the Elbow Grease Oven Cleaning Kit to help clean the racks. It works by placing them in a provided bag with the cleaning solution overnight.