Liverpool star Luis Diaz has been compared to Reds hero Luis Suarez by Paul Merson ahead of their FA Cup final clash against Chelsea on Saturday afternoon - and the Colombian has been tipped to win Jurgen Klopp's men the trophy under the famous arch at Wembley. Diaz signed from Porto in January for a fee of £40.5million and has scored six goals and recorded four assists at Anfield since then. His superb form has even seen him cement himself as a guaranteed starter over the likes of Diogo Jota and Roberto Firmino in recent weeks. His signing is yet another superb piece of business from Jurgen Klopp, who has rarely failed with a signing on Merseyside. And Merson has compared the South American winger to Suarez - who is arguably Liverpool's best ever striker in the Premier League era - for his tenacious and energetic style of play, claiming he 'ticks every box'. "Luis Diaz reminds me of Luis Suarez and he could win Liverpool the FA Cup final this weekend even if he doesn't start," Merson told the Daily Star. "I just think he's a fantastic player who has settled quicker than smoke - and he's going to win more than Suarez ever did at Anfield. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings "Suarez had one sensational season at Liverpool but the only trophy he ever won was the League Cup in 2012. Diaz has already done that and he's going to end up winning a lot, lot more. He's always on the front foot, always gets the ball forward, makes good runs off the ball. He's a nightmare for defenders because you can't pick him up. "He's quick and direct and if he loses the ball he works his socks off to get it back. Suarez was the same. He ticks every box. I can't believe how outstanding he's been coming to a much tougher league - and he's had a tougher job than Suarez. Suarez came into a lesser team where he could become a big star quickly. But Diaz has come into one of the best teams in Europe. "He's had to fight just to get in the team because Liverpool's front three is already the best in the business. Words can't explain how good he's been in my opinion. He's not even guaranteed to start the final." The Reds have a chance to win the quadruple still, although that goal may be far-fetched such is their gap to Manchester City in the league. DON’T MISSTen Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explainedAntony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possibleMan Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag They already have one trophy in the bank thanks to their Carabao Cup final victory over Saturday's opponents back in February. And after beating Villarreal in their Champions League semi-final tie last week, Real Madrid await them in the final of the European Cup in Paris on May 28. They could give themselves a real boost by winning their second piece of silverware this season against Thomas Tuchel's men in London, having not won both domestic cups in the same season since 2001.