Given the young age of Meghan and Harry's two children, who are travelling to Britain with the Sussexes to celebrate the Queen's historic milestone, Doria may accompany the family of four to help take care of Archie Harrison and Lilibet 'Lili' Diana while the Duke and Duchess are attending royal events. If this was the case, commentator Martin Townsend believes it possible Doria may appear at certain Jubilee events open to the wider family. Asked if Doria may make an appearance during the upcoming Jubilee much like the Duchess of Cambridge's mother Carole Middleton did during the Thames River Pageant on the Diamond Jubilee celebrations, Mr Townsend told Express.co.uk: "I think it's possible. "They are coming with their children who are still very young. "Who knows what arrangements Meghan and Harry may have made, but in the past Meghan's mother has been involved, so I wouldn't be at all surprised." Mr Townsend, senior specialist partner at Pagefield communication and former editor at the Sunday Express newspaper, went on explaining the reason why the Duke and Duchess of Sussex won't take part in certain events is simply due to their royal status. He continued: "A lot of these events are official stuff and Harry has removed himself from the Royal Family and got to be in America. "There is a strict kind of pecking order that occurs and therefore he can be involved up to a certain extent but not on the balcony or in other events. "That's not the Royal Family being mean, that's just the way it is because of the position he put himself in by removing himself from day to day duties. "And I don't think there would be any suggestions that Doria can't come or anything like that. READ MORE: Royal Family: Meghan braced for ex-husband to expose story "I am sure if they can accommodate her they will. "But it may be that Meghan and Harry have made other arrangements and may have a nanny lined up here for their children. "It's all speculation, it's difficult to know exactly what will go on on the day." Meghan and Harry announced earlier this month they are travelling back to the UK for the Jubilee, their first-ever trip as a family of four.  This visit will give the chance for the Royal Family to meet in person Lili, born in June last year at a Santa Barbara hospital. During the extended bank holiday, which lasts between June 2 and 5, the tot will turn one - a special milestone the Sussexes will surely celebrate. As explained by Mr Townsend, the Duke and Duchess won't join the Queen and other senior royals on the balcony of Buckingham Palace for Trooping the Colour, as the monarch has invited only full-time working members of the Firm to make this special appearance. While it hasn't been confirmed which events they will go to, the Sussexes have been tipped to attend the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral on June 3. Other events that will likely be open to Meghan and Harry - as well as Doria - to attend in their private capacity are the Big Lunch and the Jubilee Pageant on June 5. Lilibet, Archie and their parents live in the star-studded neighbourhood of Santa Barbara, located more than one hour from Doria's home in Los Angeles. However, she reportedly has her own guest house at the Sussexes' residence for whenever she feels like spending some time with her grandchildren or helping to babysit them. Doria, who is known to be very close to her daughter, met the Royal Family in 2018, as she travelled to the UK to attend the Sussexes' wedding. During the nuptials at St George's Chapel, Prince Charles famously held Doria by her hand as they were walking through to the chantry to sign the marriage register. The social worker and yoga instructor has since travelled across the pond a number of times. In September 2018, she supported Meghan at the launch of the cookbook Together, for which she wrote the forewords. She returned ahead of the birth of Archie in May 2019 and was pictured alongside the Queen and Prince Philip as they were introduced to the tot.