Jose Mourinho is targeting a reunion with outgoing Manchester United star Nemanja Matic - but the AS Roma hierarchy have 'concerns' over the move, according to a new report. Matic confirmed last month that he would be quitting Old Trafford this summer. Mourinho arrived in Rome last summer, and although he has struggled to get Roma firing in the league, he has guided them to the inaugural Europa Conference League final. But the Portuguese chief is already plotting for next season, with a deal for Matic high on his agenda. According to a new report from Gazzetta dello Sport, via Football Italia, Mourinho has earmarked Matic as his 'first-choice' midfield target ahead of the upcoming Serie A season. However, the Roma hierarchy have concerns over the 33-year-old's age and his general fitness levels. Matic featured 32 times for Manchester United in his final season at Old Trafford, but the Serbian ace started just over half of those games. The report goes on to outline that the former Chelsea star is also asking for at least a €5million (£4.25m) salary - a demand that may be too high for Roma to satisfy. READ MORE: Bayern Munich urged to target 'complete' Tottenham star Harry Kane to replace Lewandowski Although there are concerns over a move for Matic, the midfielder has made appearances for Mourinho than any other coach. Matic racked up 159 appearances under Mourinho at Stamford Bridge before the pair were reunited at United in the summer of 2017. Matic did have an option to extend his stay at Old Trafford for an additional year - but the midfielder revealed last month that he had decided to quit the club in the summer ahead of Erik ten Hag's arrival. The outgoing United ace admitted last week that he was keeping his options open, with a decision on his next club not expected until the end of the season. As well as a potential reunion with Mourinho, Juventus have also been credited with an interest in the veteran star. DON'T MISSChelsea told they're better off without Christensen after FA Cup snubBarcelona may wreck Chelsea transfer plans again after double Blues dealFour signings Chelsea can make to bridge Liverpool gap However, Mourinho has made it clear that signing Matic for a third time would appeal to him as he bids to fire Roma back into the upper echelons of Italian football next season. When quizzed on Matic in a press conference last week, Mourinho admitted: "I never like to speak about players. I don’t think it’s good for me, the club, the player. Everyone knows my relationship with Nemanja. He’s one of the guys with my trust. We won together, we fought together – in United too. "He’s a fantastic player, but that’s a kind of answer that is not good for me or for the player."