Tesla mogul Elon Musk has spoken out about the trial between his ex-girlfriend Amber Heard, and her ex-husband Johnny Depp. He had been named in the defamation case as Johnny accused Amber of having an affair with Elon during their marriage and having a threesome with him and model Cara Delevingne - something Amber denied. Elon responded to a tweet from MIT research scientist Lex Fridman, who wrote: “My takeaways from Johnny Depp vs Amber Heard trial: “1. Fame is one hell of a drug (for some). “2. Psychiatrists & lawyers come in drastically varying levels of skill. “3. Lying to millions of people is something humans are capable of. “4. Love can be messy. “5. Mega pint of wine.” To this, Elon replied with the positive message: “I hope they both move on. At their best, they are each incredible.” He and Amber met in 2013 and briefly dated in 2017, after she split from Johnny. They had first met in 2013, on the set of the film Machete Kills, and were seen at a wildlife sanctuary in Australia in 2017 shortly before Amber made their romance official on Instagram. The Space X boss had also just recently left a relationship with his ex-wife, St Trinian’s actress Talulah Riley. But the romance was short-lived as they broke up after just months, sparking speculation about what went wrong. The couple issued a joint statement which read: "Having read recent articles about our relationship, we would like to speak for ourselves. DON'T MISS...Demi Rose sets pulses racing as she flashes bottom [PHOTOS] Only Fools and Horses David Jason in rare sighting at Clarkson's Farm [UPDATE]Jenny Ryan issues apology as she's forced to pull out of show [LATEST] “The distance has been really tough on our relationship, because we haven't been able to see each other much. "All relationships have their ups and downs, of course. People occasionally send out speculation, which has no basis in fact, without our knowledge, believing that they have our best interests in mind. "Sometimes, other agendas are at work. It can get a little weird... However, we would like to state directly that we have the utmost respect for one another, and it would be troubling if anyone had the impression that we thought otherwise." Elon also issued his own statement on the breakup, tweeting: "Btw, just to clear up some of the press storms this weekend, although Amber and I did break up, we are still friends, remain close and love one another. "Long-distance relationships when both partners have intense work obligations are always difficult, but who knows what the future holds." Elon opened up further about his heartache in a later interview with Rolling Stone, saying: "I just broke up with my girlfriend. I was really in love, and it hurt bad. “Well, she broke up with me more than I broke up with her, I think." At a Tesla event three weeks later, Elon added:  "I've been in severe emotional pain for the last few weeks. Severe.”