Harlow (played by Jemma Donovan) has been at the centre of a huge storyline on Neighbours in recent weeks, with villain Corey Smythe-Jones (Laurence Boxhall) manipulating the beloved character to join the sinister Restoration Order cult. In upcoming scenes on the Channel 5 soap, Paul Robinson's (Stefan Dennis) granddaughter will still have no idea she is being controlled, despite being drugged by her so-called new friend. As the tensions escalate and more characters are brought in to try and save her from the enemy, it seems she could get caught in the crossfire as her life could be left hanging in the balance. Next week's episodes of the weekday serial drama will see Harlow taken away to a secluded cottage by Corey as he continues to isolate her from her friends and family. It's not too long before Freya Wozniak (Phoebe Roberts) gets clued up to what's going on as she spots Harlow's cardigan in the car of Corey's accomplice. As she puts the pieces of the jigsaw together, the newcomer to Ramsay Street this year arrives at the cottage where her friend is nearly high on drugs. Before Freya can get any help, however, Corey discovers she has rumbled his plan and he violently attacks her to keep everything a secret. Once he ties up the intruder, who is knocked unconscious, he begins to focus his efforts on getting Harlow to a new location. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Debbie Webster reports Abi in revenge twist When Corey is out of the way, Freya manages to untie herself and she is found by her friends David Tanaka (Takaya Honda) and Levi Canning (Ritchie Morris). They head off to find the villain, hoping they will get to Harlow before she comes to any harm, having no idea what Corey's plans are. Although, it seems Harlow doesn't need their help as she manages to free herself from his evil clutches and makes a run for it. Unfortunately, Corey manages to get away as he flees from the scene, meaning he will not face the repercussions of his actions in the near future. With the villain lurking in the shadows, he could return at any point to complete his plan to get Harlow to join the Restoration Order. The next time they see each other, Harlow will be in a clearer state of mind to finally have it out with Corey over what he did to her. More dangerous than ever as it seems he has become unhinged, Corey could decide there is no way out but to kill his target. Knowing she is not going to join the cult of her own free will, he could murder her as their confrontation gets heated, bringing her time on the show to an end. As Corey would finally be arrested for his crimes, Harlow's friends and family would mourn the loss of the beloved character. In a new trailer, released ahead of the show's finale in August, it has been teased there will be a funeral taking place. DON'T MISS...Jason Donovan health: 'It's an illness' - star on his addiction [COMMENT]Natalie Imbruglia health: Masked Singer winner on her chronic disorder [COMMENT]Margot Robbie turned down plan to buy house in London after Brexit [COMMENT] At the moment, it is unknown who is inside the coffin but it could be Harlow if Corey takes deadly revenge against her. The quote: "Who leaves forever?" is seen flashing across the images of the funeral, hinting it will be the death of a major character. With the news the actress who plays Harlow, Jemma, has filmed her final scenes already, this could be a strong indication it is her character who dies. Earlier this week, the soap star took to Instagram to break the news to her 65,600 followers she would be leaving ahead of the final episodes. She wrote: "Melbourne, I love you. It's been so special. Until next time." Digital Spy has confirmed the actress is bowing out but at the moment, the exact date of her final scenes are not yet known. Earlier this year, Jemma filmed a few scenes in London as part of her character's current storyline and spoke about her time on the show. The actress said about filming back in her hometown, which she will come back to now she has finished filming: "I feel so fortunate to have been able to film in [London] with some incredible cast, and also be able to see my family who I haven't seen for two years. "You can imagine, I was over the moon. It's fun storylines as well, and I love being back home. I'm so grateful. "It went really well. We filmed around the London Eye, we filmed around the Tate Modern. I kind of got to sightsee whilst I was doing it, and I haven't done that. "Because when you live in London you don't go and do those things. It was really fun," the actress said in an interview with Digital Spy. Taking to Twitter, viewers have been sharing their thoughts on Harlow's fate, with Jenny writing: "Neighbours should be interactive because I would love to tell Harlow that she’s in trouble #Neighbours #UkPace." Sachin added: 'Fellow #Neighbours fans: this Harlow storyline is getting really dark and I’m not sure I’ve got the afternoon stomach for it." Steve commented: "Harlow looking back at Lassiters is a great foreshadowing of her leaving the show and never returning. One last look-back #neighbours." Neighbours airs weekdays at 1:45pm and 6pm on Channel 5.