Will Smith, 53, has in the past spoken up about filming during his film Seven Pounds. The star has said that he wanted his wife Jada Pinkett Smith to be present during the kissing scenes.  The stars have recently made headlines after Will slapped Chris Rock at the Oscars. Their relationship has come under scrutiny as a result. The pair regularly open up about the boundaries in their relationship, and also their sex life. After previously having said they have an open marriage, Will is seemingly not prepared to film sexual scenes without his wife present. READ MORE: David Birney dead: Bridget Loves Bernie star dies aged 83 His Seven Pounds co-star Rosario Dawson said that Will asked for Jada to be present on set for their kissing scene. Rosario said that the Fresh Prince actor kept pushing the scene back, so much so that she would get paranoid. Speaking to Access Hollywood in 2008, she said: "Here is the guy who was pushing our kiss to like the end and the end and the end of the schedule. "So the point was like, 'OK, I know I don't smell bad… “I know I brushed my teeth…I did the deodorant!'" She jokingly added that she had to convince him to do the scene. Recounting a conversation with her co-star, she explained: "You are just nervous. “You're nervous about kissing me. Don't worry baby, I'll be gentle." DONT MISS: Catherine Zeta-Jones causes a stir over being 'serenaded' by Bono (PHOTOS)Richard Osman breaks silence on replacing Anne Robinson on Countdown (NEWS)Amber Heard 'cleaned up' after Johnny Depp ‘lost control of his bowels (LATEST) He still continued to press for Jada to be present, however. Rosario explained that Jada reminded will not to “embarrass her”. She added that Jada “took her side”. On the subject of the kiss, Will also spoke to the same publication. He said: “I wasn't scared. I was trying to be respectful." "I told Jada, 'I feel a little uncomfortable,' and she was like, 'Boy, listen!' “She was like, 'Don't you embarrass me! “You better get on that screen and show them what you are working with!'"