Carlo Ancelotti can surpass Manchester United legend Sir Alex Ferguson on European titles if Real Madrid go on to beat Liverpool this Saturday. The Italian is already on the brink of immortality through another record. Real Madrid boss Ancelotti can pull ahead of Ferguson on total number of European trophies lifted this weekend if his side beat Liverpool in the Champions League. The two juggernauts go face to face at the Stade de France in Paris in a repeat of the 2018 final. On that occasion, Los Blancos emerged victorious over the Reds after Loris Karius gave away two shocking errors while Gareth Bale scored one of the best goals ever seen in a final with his overhead kick. Zinedine Zidane was in the hotseat on that occasion while Ancelotti has since taken the mantle and the 62-year-old has had a long career full of success across several clubs including AC Milan, Paris Saint-Germain, Bayern Munich, Chelsea and Juventus. This is his second spell in charge at Real where he won them the Champions League in his first stint back in 2014. Eight years on, this is a very different Real team while Ancelotti is ushering in some top youngsters including Vinicius Jr, Rodrygo and Eduardo Camavinga. And the Italian is hoping this new generation of Madridistas can help him become the outright most successful manager in Europe. He is currently tied with United legend Ferguson and Giovanni Trapattoni for the most UEFA titles on seven - though it could be argued Ancelotti already has the nod ahead of them. He is one of three managers to have won the Champions League three times along with Bob Paisley and Zidane. Fergie, on the other hand, has won two but also has two Cup Winners' Cup, one Intercontinental Cup - two competitions that are now defunct - and two Super Cups. Ancelotti has as well as his Champions League medals, three Super Cups and one Intertoto Cup - another tournament that is no longer in action. Liverpool are already looking to stop the wily Italian from nudging ahead of their own legend Paisley with Champions League titles won while their own victory would see them draw level with AC Milan on seven. Mohamed Salah has already stoked the flames by claiming he wants revenge for 2018. On that occasion, Sergio Ramos injured the Egyptian in the first half while the Reds went on to lose 3-1. Salah's comments have drawn criticism from the Madrid corner while Jordan Henderson and Jamie Carragher have praised the 29-year-old's attitude.