Naga Munchetty has comforted Sally Wainwright following the death of screen writer Kay Mellor. The BBC Radio 5 Live host, 47, comforted the Last Tango in Halifax writer earlier today after she appeared on the radio show to pay tribute to her friend and mentor following her death aged 71. Naga said to Sally: "I mean obviously you're paying tribute to her but I mean she did an interview and this is what she said about you." The BBC host read: "'She was talented and raw, she didn't care, you know. "'She would write what she wanted, that's what I love that kind of boldness and funny to get "'It reminded me of how I was and how I wanted to be,'" Naga finished reading, before adding: "Now there's an accolade, there's a compliment." READ MORE: Will Smith asked Jada Pinket Smith to be present for kissing scenes Sally replied: "Well, one of the things I remember Kay telling me when I started working at Grenada was, 'Be bold.' "And that stayed with me all my life, she was very - I'm sorry," she added, before starting to break down and cry. Stepping in to reassure the screenwriter, Naga said: "Sally, it's absolutely fine. "When you talk about someone like Kay Mellor who has shaped your environment and shaped your career and it's more than just shaping your talent, it's about shaping your confidence. "And giving you the strength to break into a space that is so tough," she added. Earlier today, a spokesperson for Kay's TV production company, Rollem Productions, confirmed the sad news of her death. The statement said: “It is with profound sadness that we announce the untimely and sudden passing of our beloved friend, mentor and colleague Kay Mellor on Sunday 15th May 2022. “We have lost a phenomenal talent and a true luminary. DON'T MISS... Coleen Rooney is 'different mother and wife' after her famous tweet [INSIGHT]Amber Heard testifies Elon Musk ‘real gentleman’ in Johnny Depp trial [ANALYSIS]Eva Longoria dazzles as she goes braless in skin-tight dress [UPDATE] "We ask that you please respect the privacy of the family and friends at this time," it ended. Kay is survived by her husband Anthony, who she was married to for more than 50 years. The couple have two children, actress Gaynor Faye and TV producer Yvonne Francas. Kay’s TV career began in the 1980s when she wrote for Coronation Street and Brookside. She won a BAFTA in 1997 for her children’s drama, Children’s Ward, and also created the ITV soap, Families, which aired in the 1990s. Kay is best known for the highly acclaimed ITV drama, Fat Friends, which starred her daughter Gaynor, James Corden, Ruth Jones and Alison Steadman. She was awarded an OBE in 2010 from Prince Charles. Tributes have flooded in since the sad news was announced.