Used car values have rocketed some 30 percent over the past year, and buyers are willing to pay high prices to get hold of desirable cars. Even older models can be brought right up to date with some simple upgrades that won’t break the bank. Here's a list of quick and easy, and most importantly cheap, ways to get the most for your motor. The StereoHaving some way to connect a smartphone to your car stereo is now a must, especially after strict new rules were introduced earlier this year banning the handling of mobiles at the wheel.An upgraded stereo unit can be installed to provide bluetooth connection, or a bluetooth adapter can be picked up for less than £50, but better still find a unit with apple car play or android auto, wired or wireless.It will mirror your phone’s display and instantly boost the value of your car considerably. READ MORE: Drivers furious over sunglasses rule that can land £5,000 fine Floor matsA very inexpensive option that will transform the interior of your car, a set of floor mats can make a huge difference.Buyers don’t want to see muddy, worn down carpets and there are several companies who can match the model of your car to bespoke mats to fit perfectly.You might want to go for a sturdy, rubber all-weather option which can easily be hosed off. The most you’re likely to pay for a full set of mats is around £80. DON'T MISSDriver solves mystery after receiving multiple unknown parking fines [MYSTERY]Elderly drivers 'put off by the cost' of electric cars despite car ban [INTERESTING]‘Legalised theft’ Driver 'baffled' after he received £100 parking fine [OUTRAGEOUS] Alloy wheel refurbishmentThe wheels are an incredibly important part of a car for obvious reasons, but they also make a major impression on any buyer.Scratched up alloys with curb rash or dents don’t imply the car has been well looked after and they can be sorted out relatively cheaply.While it’s possible to refurb wheels at home, it’s more sensible to get a well-reviewed local firm to do it for you, which will likely cost around £60 per wheel.It will make a massive difference to the look of the car though – and the same goes for a full interior and exterior detailing, which should be around £100. Reversing cameraAlthough it has been mandatory for all new cars in the US to be fitted with a reverse camera for some time, the same is not true in the UK, and so for less than £200, having one retro-fitted is well worth it. It could add double the price of buying one to the value.Fitting parking sensors are an option at the same time, but often cars will have these at the rear already.  Fit a dash camAn integrated dash cam is a wise investment, and for less than £100 it’s possible to pick up a full HD unit with hours of storage, a wide angle view and voice commands. Better headlightsWhile it’s not ‘technically’ legal to replace halogen bulbs with LED ones (in fact it’s now supposed to be an MOT fail) it is possible to do it.A more sensible way is just to spend a relatively small amount of money buying more powerful bulbs and using a refurbishment kit to get the covers as clear as possible.