Ukraine’s entry Kalush Orchestra wowed Eurovision Song Contest fans when they performed single Stefania in the first semi-final. They’ve secured their place in the final along with the UK and both countries are favourites to win the 2022 competition. However with the UK leapfrogging Italy to become the second-favourite to win, could Sam Ryder steal the win from Ukraine? Sam Ryder may be one of the most popular UK entries for a long time as the Space Man singer now has odds of 6/1 to win. They are close behind Ukraine with odds of 4/9 while Italy now trail behind with odds of 7/1. The UK jumped ahead of Italy overnight in the betting with Sweden the only other nation priced shorter than 16/1. Alex Apati of Ladbrokes said: "Sam Ryder has always been there or thereabout among the frontrunners. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Tim Metcalfe gets devastating health update “But the latest odds suggest the UK could well be on course to cause a Eurovision upset this weekend." Ukraine entry Kalush Orchestra spoke to Good Morning Britain on whether they will return to their country after the contest. They said: “We have one band member who stayed and joined the defence in Kyiv from the third day of war. “We have temporary permission to leave the country but after Eurovision, we will go back. “ Speaking on the Song Contest’s decision to boot Russia out of the competition, they added: “We think that was the right thing. “Maybe Russian people will understand that something that isn’t right is going on.” The Ukrainian broadcaster for the song contest has been in a bomb shelter, acting as a sobering reminder of the situation the country is in. In the meantime, Kalush Orchestra are determined for the contest to be held in Ukraine in 2023. “They all be able to go back to Ukraine,” they defiantly stated. DON'T MISS...Georgia's 'circus academy dropouts' to steal Eurovision win [EXCLUSIVE]Eurovision 2022: UK for last minute upset as Sweden take top 3 place? [LATEST]Why can't the UK vote in both Eurovision semi-finals? [EXPLAINER] Meanwhile, Sam Ryder has admitted he is worried about getting “nil points” even though he’s a favourite to win. On agreeing to do Eurovision, he told Metro.co.uk: “My initial reaction as a Eurovision fan was that this was a wicked opportunity and I’d love to do it. “But then you think, ‘Yeah, but what if people think it’s cheesy? What if your career goes down the pan afterwards? What if you get nil points?’ “But it’s you creating this uncertainty so you can also create a bombardment of positivity against that.” Sam added he is “really excited” to be representing the UK and has some “wicked outfits” planned for the contest. Commenting on how tricky his single Space Man is to perform, he explained: “It’s not necessarily hard to pitch. “It’s a very technical song so you need to find ways of conveying emotion without getting too clinical.” Eurovision Song Contest airs BBC One on Saturday at 8pm.