Erik ten Hag has revealed he will not be travelling with Ajax to their end-of-season trip to Curacao because he wants to dedicate his time and focus to Manchester United. The Dutchman took charge of his final game with the Eredivisie champions on Sunday afternoon as Ajax finished the campaign with a 2-2 draw at Vitesse.  But it's not quite time for the group to rest and enjoy their family holidays just yet - although the title party will continue in the coming days when a trip to Curacao is planned. But Ten Hag has decided he will no longer be in attendance as he prepares to embark on his new challenge in the Premier League. He said: "Tomorrow there will be a party with the [Ajax] staff, but I am not going to Curaçao [a Dutch Caribbean island]. "I think that's understandable. There is a lot of work to do there [at Manchester United]. That is the case with every club. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag can weaken PSV for Ajax with exceptional Man Utd midfield signing "A number of things still need to be organised in the staff and also in the selection. We will be working intensively on this from tomorrow." Express Sport understands reports in Holland that claim Ten Hag will travel to Manchester to begin his new job on Monday are not true. Ajax confirmed last month that they would be heading to the Caribbean for a brief four-day tour as part of their partnership with Curacao Tourist Board, which was signed back in 2020. The Amsterdam giants will play a friendly match against the Curacao national team as part of their preparations for CONCACAF Nations League fixtures against Honduras and Canada. Ten Hag is expected to call the United players back in early for pre-season as he looks to get his new regime off to the best possible start. DON'T MISSMan Utd rocked with Newcastle to celebrate Prem survival with '£60m Darwin Nunez bid'Erik ten Hag can weaken PSV for Ajax with exceptional Man Utd midfield signingCristiano Ronaldo 'has view on Man Utd signing striker' with Erik ten Hag meeting planned He is well aware of the task at hand, something that has only been emphasised by United's 4-0 defeat at Brighton last weekend. The new Manchester United boss met the club's football director John Murtough in Amsterdam in midweek to discuss potential transfer targets. Steve McClaren, who is set to rejoin United as one of Ten Hag's assists, was also present. Ten Hag is planning to watch United's final game of the Premier League season next Sunday when the Red Devils travel to Crystal Palace. It's currently undecided whether he will be there in person or instead of watching remotely. Either way, the match will help the 52-year-old gain additional insight into the group of players he will inherit from Ralf Rangnick. It's understood Ten Hag has already planned to hold personal Zoom meetings with his new players before he arrives in England. When asked if he'll be going on holiday before his new venture, Ten Hag said: "It’s time to turn the switch now. It’s something that is needed because there is a lot to take care off and I have the energy for it." United are currently on course to finish sixth in the Premier League but they could yet drop to seventh with defeat at Selhurst Park, providing West Ham beat Brighton.