The Repair Shop has been away since the end of 2021 with repeats showing on BBC One in the meantime. But the wait is almost over as the reality series is making a comeback for season 10 with more heartwarming stories and amazing restorations. Horologist Steve Fletcher will be among the experts at hand to put his skills and knowledge of clocks to the test. Steve Fletcher has a long-term partner in Mel who he shares four daughters and one son with. While his children have grown up and started families of their own, they all still reside in Witney, West Oxfordshire. The market town is on the River Windrush, with the name "Witney" coming from the Old English for "Witta's Island". The earliest record of the town was as Wyttannige in a Saxon charter in 969. READ MORE: Jay Blades reflects on late start to TV career As well as living in the cute old fashioned town, when Steve isn't at The Repair Shop, he is working at his business The Clock Workshop which is also based in Witney. The shop has been in the Fletcher family for three generations with his grandfather originally opening up in 1910. According to The Clock Workshop's website: "After gaining first-class qualifications from a British Horological Institute college course in 1973, Steve began making and repairing clocks and watches himself. "He regularly services clocks that his grandfather and father worked on, continuing 100 years of family craftsmanship and customer service." The business has been passed on to Steve and is expected to go to his son Fred who has decided to follow in his footsteps. Steve's son works as a junior clockmaker at the workshop, while his daughter Milly also has a helping hand at the family business as an administrative assistant. When he isn't working alongside his children in Witney, Steve is side-by-side with his sister Suzie Fletcher at The Repair Shop. He took ownership of the family business as Suzie's passions lied elsewhere with restoring leather and saddles, specialising in all things equestrian. DON'T MISS...The Repair Shop's Jay Blade makes red carpet debut with wife-to-be [CAST]The Repair Shop’s Jay lived among rats after father left with money [EXPLAINER]The Repair Shop's Jay Blades speaks out after BBC cancel spin-off [REACTION] Suzie explained on the podcast Relatively with Catherine Carr what it has been like to work with Steve. "I don't feel like I am working with my brother, I feel like I am working with my family", she said. "A lot of life happens in the background between all of us and we all share and support each other. "I have been told by many people that our warmth and closeness come across on the programme. "Everybody has played a crucial role and it is a team of people I find extraordinary. When The Repair Shop does return for season 10, Steve will have a big job ahead of him. The episode synopsis reads: "The first arrival at the barn is a unique challenge for horologist Steve Fletcher - the largest timepiece he has ever attempted to restore at the barn. "This horological wonder was designed and built by Monica Norton’s father, Ron, a cabinet manufacturer by trade but who had always dreamed of building wooden clocks. "This huge example, standing nearly three metres tall, took thousands of hours to make and was built for a display at the World Trade Centre in Dallas." The Repair Shop season 10 premieres on Wednesday, May 11, at 8pm on BBC One.