Saving money for big events might seem like a daunting prospect during these trying times. However, with well thought out preparation and planning, you’ll be able to do it safely and securely. From affording a holiday, a house, or a wedding, here are the best ways to save money for popular goals. Clare Framrose, head of savings at Atom Bank offered expert advice on how to start saving now for five popular goals you might have this year. Holidays are, according to research conducted by Atom and VYPR, the top reason Britons save money. As the COVID-19 pandemic ‘red’ country list is now a thing of the past, the travel industry is slowly coming to life again, and holidays are more of a realistic prospect. It’s important to save little and often in order to secure your dream break. Clare said: “I’d suggest making a list of all the things you’ll need to pre-pay for, such as flights and accommodation, plus how much spending money you’d need, then add all of these together to give you a holiday savings goal. “For the average holiday cost of around £1,567 per person, you’d need to pop away less than £5 a day to achieve your goal in under a year!”  READ MORE:'No brainer' hack can 'significantly reduce bills'  However, make sure you account for the appropriate amount of spending money, as poor planning in this area may result in additional unexpected expenses. Clare said: “It’s useful to plan ahead - research which excursions you might want to take and how much on average they cost, factor in transport costs for the whole trip and consider what you’re likely to spend on food and drink. “Setting a daily spending allowance can help to ensure you don’t end up overspending at the start of your trip. “It’s also worth having an additional contingency fund for unexpected expenses, particularly due to the ever-changing nature of the travel industry at the moment.” To ease your worries, saving money for security purposes is always a wise move to make.  For an emergency, relocation, unexpected deaths or various other unknown scenarios, it’s important to set up a financial buffer. Clare said: “Making saving part of your monthly routine until it becomes a habit is the best way to save for the long term. “Set up regular transfers to your savings accounts the day after you get paid and watch the money build up over time.” A longer-term fixed saver account would work best for a pot for your future plans, from raising children to early retirement. Fixed savers allow you to put away money for a set amount of time at a set interest rate. Clare said: “It’s also a good idea to set aside a percentage in an instant saver account - this way you’ll also have easy access to some funds, in case of unexpected emergencies.”  DON'T MISS: Simple direct debit check could save you 'few hundred pounds' [INSIGHT]'Supermarket tactics' could trick you into spending more [ANALYSIS]Energy bills: Your kitchen pans could be driving up the cost of bills [EXPLAINED]    “I’d recommend doing a little research into your own financial situation to help you work out a rough figure to aim for. “For example, three months’ worth of your usual living expenses could be a nice sum for an emergency fund. Once you have a figure in mind, it should be easier to steadily aim for it.” According to Atom’s research, one of the top reasons people save throughout the year is for a house and, with the average house price coming in at £277,000, it’s certainly no mean feat. Claire said: “First things first, decide on your budget - not only the amount you could save for a deposit, but also the amount you could afford to spend on mortgage payments each month, to work out a clear budget for your future home.” Once you have that figure in mind, cross-reference it with your current monthly income and expenses and work out the amount you can comfortably put aside each month to achieve your end goal. Clare said: “It’s also a great idea to keep your savings account in a different bank from your current account to diffuse some of the temptation to dip into it.”  Make sure to budget for the extras, like solicitor's fees, stamp duty, estate agent’s fees, and so on. Clare said: “I would recommend researching the additional costs as far in advance as possible. “Using a stamp duty calculator when looking at a potential home can help as you can include this amount in your budget. You’ll have to pay this within 14 days of completing on a property.” How to save for a wedding With the average cost of a wedding mounting to a staggering £31,974, it's important to have a steady saving strategy in the lead up to the big day. Clare said: “Start with a clear budget for each item you’ll need to spend on for your wedding based on what is most important to the two of you - as well as having an overall figure to aim for, this should help you track your spending on individual items without getting carried away. After you’ve agreed on your priorities, divide up the wedding costs into categories and agree on how much each of you will pay.  Clare said: “A fun wedding planning challenge could be to task yourself and your partner with saving the most money within your respective categories whilst still achieving your dream wedding. “A bit of healthy competition is always a strong incentive! For example, if you’re in charge of saving for entertainment, why not see if you can lean on a musically gifted friend or make a killer playlist yourself?” Try not to lose track of your expenses, as this can easily be done when coordinating a wedding. Clare said: “Consider tracking all wedding-related outgoings in a working spreadsheet. Include all aspects of the event - wedding favours, stag and hen do costs, bridesmaid dresses etc. “Having everything in one place will give you an overview of the most expensive costs which may prompt you to reconsider your options.” Starting a business is a big financial investment to take on and according to tech company HP, the average start-up spends £22,756 in the first year of operating.  This can vary depending on business type and can be offset if your business becomes a success. However, starting from scratch can be daunting. Clare said: “Before branching out on your own, I’d suggest trying to set aside at least six months of living expenses beforehand to see you through in case you need to put any profit you make back into the business in those first months. “In the lead up to making the jump, lower your monthly expenses as much as possible by cutting down on luxuries such as holidays abroad and meals out. If owning your own business is your dream, it will be worth it in the long run!” Although, try not to make the common mistake of leaving your job without a firm plan in place. Clare said: “Consider how much of the groundwork you can put in before leaving your current job - if your employer is particularly flexible, take advantage of that. “If you have a well-thought-out business plan for the next 18 months and can hit the ground running, you’ll be likely to start earning much sooner.” 