BBC Meteorologist Matt Taylor warned Brits to expect stormy weather throughout the night as a North Sea weather front creates a dramatic shift in conditions. The weather presenter warned the high temperatures of Tuesday would be mostly mirrored in Wednesday’s daytime forecast but thundery showers are set to ‘explode into life’ overnight, risking flooding in the south. Speaking for BBC Breakfast, Mr Taylor said: “We saw the warmest day of the year and the hottest conditions we’ve had since early September last year.”    He added: “We saw temperatures peak at 27.5 in West London.” The meteorologist continued: “Not quite as hot today, but it’s still going to be a pretty warm and dry day for many. “Dry, sunny and warm for the vast majority through today, before some rain comes tonight. “We are seeing some weather fronts in the pushed North and West, that’s bringing a few showers around.” “Essentially we’re between the weather front which is now in the North Sea, which brought us yesterday’s heavy and thundery rain, and the next batch which could bring us some pretty stormy weather to the south of the country as we go through tonight.”    Mr Taylor highlighted a shift towards stormy weather that will particularly affect the south of the UK. The weather analyst said: “As we go into this evening and overnight, we could see storms explode into life, particularly across southern areas. “This could cause some minor flooding issues as they rush eastwards across the country. “Rain further north for a time as well, things turning dryer later in the night.” Read more: Europe heatwave: 'Extreme' heat to drive mercury over 40C The meteorologist issues a flood warning for the UK, highlighting a particular danger in the southeast of the nation. The high temperatures of Tuesday will drop to just “10 to 13 degrees celsius” for most of the country overnight. Fortunately, Mr Taylor predicted the harsh weather front will mostly pass overnight leaving hopes for improved conditions as the week moves on. He said: “The overnight rain will have departed, there will be one or two isolated showers in the west.” Don't miss: Forecasters 'pulling hair out' over crazy heatwave weather [INSIGHT]Weather warning: 'Blood rain' to strike UK in DAYS due to Sahara dust [REVEAL]Brits face flood alert as tropical blast set to bring monsoon [REPORT] Mr Taylor predicted a rapid improvement in weather conditions moving into Thursday and Friday. The meteorologist said: “Thursday is shaping up to be another fine day for most - dry and sunny and pleasantly warm once again.” The stormy weather highlighted for the south is expected to move in from the late evening on Wednesday and last throughout the night. However, as Mr Taylor explained, the thundery conditions can be expected to have passed by Thursday daytime as the sunshine returns for most of the UK.   