On May 15, the Sun, Moon and Earth will align for a total lunar eclipse. At the same time, the position of the moon will result in a superman, meaning it looks bigger and brighter than usual due to its position in relation to the Earth. Speaking on BBC News this morning, meteorologist Sarah Keith-Lucas explained: "Tonight we have got something called a Super Flower Blood Moon on the way. "What does that all mean? Well, Super Moon because tonight it's not just going to be a full moon, but the Moon is at its closest towards the earth so reaching its perigee. "It's going to appear that little bit bigger. "Flower Moon because at this time in May in the northern hemisphere all of the are wildflowers in bloom, so it is known as a Flower Moon. READ MORE: Lunar eclipse 2022: The best time to see Blood Moon tonight in the UK "But the blood element comes by the fact that we are going to see a total lunar eclipse tonight so that's when the earth is passing between the Moon and the Sun so any light that reaches the Moon is passing through the Sun's atmosphere the longer red wavelength of that light move towards that Moon it's going to appear a dusty red colour." The total lunar eclipse will be visible in parts of America, as well as Antarctica, Europe, Africa and the East Pacific. DON'T MISSUK defence expert reveals weapon for Ukraine to 'end stalemate' [INTERVIEW]Energy lifeline: Fusion fuel more abundant on Earth than thought [REPORT]Switzerland ready to strike deal with 'key parter' UK after EU snub [COMMENT] The Moon will be most visible from certain parts of the UK. According to Sarah: "If you do want to see it it is going to happen about 4:30 through the early hours of Monday morning and your best bets of seeing it are going to be across parts of Scotland, the far north of England but also the far south as well, so Cornwall and the Isle of White. "For most of us, I'm afraid, we're going to have quite a lot of cloud and some outbreaks of showery rain overnight too. "So you'll be pretty lucky either end of the country if you catch that blood moon." Total lunar eclipses take place periodically. Typically, there are two to five solar eclipses each year, with a total eclipse taking place every 18 months or so. However, the last time there were five solar eclipses in one year was in 1935, and there will not be a repeat of this phenomenon until 2206. The average number of total solar eclipses each century is 66 for the Earth as a whole. According to Royal Museums Greenwich: "Total solar eclipses are seen every 400 years from any one place on the surface of the Earth."