It’s been a horrendous season for Marcus Rashford at Manchester United. With just five goals this term, he’s produced his worst numbers since bursting onto the scene when Louis van Gaal was manager. And reports have suggested the Red Devils have set a minimum price tag of £60million for the 24-year-old - which speaks volumes. Only back in January, CIES said that Rashford was worth in the region of £150million. After all, he’d developed well under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer - scoring key goals as the club qualified for the Champions League two years on the trot under the Norwegian. And Rashford’s work away from the football field, which makes him the special human and player he is today, had also boosted his value. Now, though, 90min have claimed it’ll take a minimum price of £60m in order to prise the 24-year-old away from the Red Devils. And that is a damning indictment of just how much Rashford’s stock has dropped over the past few months. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Back in January, Rashford was struggling. But goals against Brentford and West Ham suggested the academy graduate was getting back to his best after an underwhelming season so far. Unfortunately for Rashford, though, that’s been as good as it’s got of late. The England international is way down Ralf Rangnick’s pecking order, as Monday’s 3-0 win over Brentford showed. With United in cruise control, Rangnick decided to take off the likes of Juan Mata and Nemanja Matic - who were playing their last matches at Old Trafford. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag But, instead of bringing on Rashford to try and boost the player’s confidence, his manager had other ideas. It was Edinson Cavani, Phil Jones and Fred who made it onto the pitch as United closed their season out in front of their own supporters. And Rashford was instead of the fringes of the action, watching on from afar as Cristiano Ronaldo and the departing Mata stole the show. Speaking after the game, Roy Keane was critical of the 24-year-old. “Whether it’s [being] short on confidence, we’ve seen his quality before but we’ve not seen it for a year or two,” said Keane on Sky Sports. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “But it doesn’t look like he’s matured enough. “We’ve seen a few games recently, when he was playing at Liverpool through the middle, I said he was playing like a child. “It’s as if he’s not learnt about the game. He’s drifting. He’s lost the hunger. “These young players get a lot of money and good luck to them, but I think he’s lost the eye of the tiger and he’s struggling to get it back.” Rashford didn’t take his chance when he started United’s recent Premier League showdown with Chelsea. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And an uncertain future now awaits, with the forward hoping for talks with new boss Erik ten Hag. Rashford can still turn things around. He’s 24, possesses talent in abundance and still has time on his side when it comes to saving his career. Yet the hard work starts now. And Rashford’s form, coupled with his drop-off in value, suggests he faces a big fight to become the player he was starting to look during Solskjaer’s time in charge.