William Saliba says he hopes to play in the Champions League for Marseille next season after the on-loan Arsenal centre-back helped the French club to second place in this season’s Ligue 1. The Frenchman signed for Arsenal in a £27 million deal from St Etienne in 2019. However, he is yet to play a competitive game for the club three separate loans in France, firstly St Etienne before separate spells at Nice and now Marseille. His Marseille has been the most productive of the three with the centre-half winning the young player of the year award and receiving a call up to play for the national team. Speaking to reporters after watching Les Olympiens' 4-0 success over Strasbourg, Saliba said: “I want to come back and play in the Champions League. I have never played in it before and I want to experience it here.” With Tottenham only needing a draw against basement club Norwich to secure fourth place, it seems highly unlikely that Arsenal will find themselves playing Champions League football next season. Therefore, for Saliba, Marseille offers the best chance of testing himself at that level. Arsenal also loaned Matteo Guendouzi to the French club and he has encouraged Saliba to stay with Marseille. While the midfielder is still technically an Arsenal player, have an option to buy on his loan deal which they are highly likely to take up. Like Saliba, has also managed to work his way into the French squad while at the club. Speaking earlier in the week said: “I hope William stays here. He’s having a great season, he deserves everything that has happened to him. He’s a great guy and he’s played a lot of games.” There are rumours of a rift between Saliba and Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta after the Spaniard left him out of his Premier League squad in 2020, forcing the 21-year-old to spend six months playing with the under 23s. Saliba recently spoke to Pro-Direct Soccer France about his time at Arsenal. He said: “Being dropped to the academy was shocking at first. You say to yourself ‘a £30 million transfer and all that, people we're waiting for you to come.’ and then you find yourself playing against players your age. It shocked me at first, I didn’t even want to play. “It’s an experience that taught me a lot, and I came out of it bigger and much stronger.” Arteta, Saliba and Arsenal fans will hope for a quick, amicable solution for the situation to be found. If one is not found then it could become an issue that dominates the narrative surrounding Arsenal’s summer transfer window.