Sometimes known as London-by-the-sea, Brighton has become a popular spot for buyers over the last two years. The town is located close to London, making it the perfect spot for commuters who need to work in the city during the day and want to relax at the seaside in the evening. People who move to Brighton often make the move for the quality of life, excellent employment opportunities and incredible nightlife. Brighton offers a slower version of the London lifestyle by the sea with a lower cost of living. Those who do miss the bright lights of London can still enjoy it, with Brighton being just 47 miles south of London. A train from Brighton to London takes just an hour while driving to the capital takes one hour and 40 minutes. Brighton’s centre offers plenty of amenities, shops, activities, eateries and bars. Brighton’s North Laine district is known for its bohemian feel, vegan cafes, vintage clothing stores and jewellery shops. The seaside resort is also a great location for all age groups, with plenty to do for children and retired individuals. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's Santa Barbara home shows 'shift from royalty' Brighton is home to some incredible architectures with the city being famous for its Royal Pavilion. Many of the buildings in Brighton date back to the Regency era which means there’s plenty of gorgeous period properties on offer for buyers. Many of the buildings on the seafront are stylish flats but there are also large houses on offer at a premium. There are many excellent primary and secondary schools which have been rated good or outstanding by Ofsted. Brighton College and The University of Brighton, which is ranked in the top 50 UK universities, are also great options for older children. Express.co.uk, in partnership with OnTheMarket, has found three properties for homebuyers. The average house price in Brighton and within a 20-mile radius over the last 12 months is £466,000, according to OnTheMarket. Property: Four bedroom detached house Location: Braeside Avenue, Brighton Price: offers over £1,100,000 Marketed by: Mansell McTaggart, Brighton, via OnTheMarket. This incredible family home has been impeccably decorated throughout with a stunning modern kitchen and large driveway. The property includes three bathrooms, a driveway for multiple cars, a detached two-bedroom annex and a mature front and back garden. The house is situated on a popular road close to shops and transport links. It has also been improved throughout to an incredibly high standard with modern flooring and flawless decor. DON'T MISSLaundry: How to save on energy bills drying your clothes [INSIGHT]Shower cleaning: How to remove shower screen limescale - ‘never fails’ [UPDATE]‘Effective’ way to ‘avoid weed infestations’ in the garden [ANALYSIS] The principal bedroom has its own ensuite bathroom, walk-in wardrobe and private terrace. The second bedroom also has its own ensuite and private terrace. The other two bedrooms are large and served by a vast family bathroom with separate shower. The garden has an artificial lawn with a private patio and detached two-bedroom annex which would make the perfect spot for guests and family. Property: Four bedroom bungalow Location: Valley Drive, Brighton Price: offers over £800,000 Marketed by: Mansell McTaggart, Brighton, via OnTheMarket. This two-bathroom property is the perfect opportunity for someone to put their stamp on a home. The property is currently uninhabitable but has planning for a beautiful home to be erected. The home has a driveway for multiple cars, a large garden, no chain and is in an ideal location. The home needs completely modernising and will require a lot of work. To the rear there is currently a separate one-bedroom annex which is ready to be remodelled. The master bedroom has a large dressing area, built-in storage and a gallery that overlooks the rear garden. The rear garden is around 80-foot long and has been landscaped with a large patio, lawns and mature shrubs. Planning documents are included with the listing. Property: Four bedroom semi-detached Location: Hawkhurst Road, Coldean Price: offers over £450,000 Marketed by: Mansell McTaggart, Brighton, via OnTheMarket. This family home includes off-street parking, brilliant transport links and a sizeable back garden. The property has been well-presented with a modern kitchen, neutral decor and wooden flooring. The home is fully enclosed and sits to the back of the property, making it ideal for children. The property has been extended to maximise the space and includes a spacious kitchen/diner with integrated appliances. There is a conservatory at the back of the house which is perfect for those who like to enjoy the garden throughout the year. The home has two double bedrooms on the ground floor which is great for guests or multi-generational living. The first floor has a master bedroom with built-in wardrobes. The property is located three miles from Brighton seafront.  Next week, we will be choosing three properties from in and around Norwich.