 Today, The Tracks Of My Tears singer, is entertaining thousands of people through his incredible live music. But there was a real fear he might never make it back to the stage when he contracted the disease in December 2020 and was forced to spend 11 days in acute care at a Los Angeles Hospital. He said the disease “took” his voice.   Doctors actually told him that he survived because of the amount of fitness he did – despite being in the most vulnerable category at the time. He told DailyMail.com: “I am a Covid survivor. “I got it severely and I was hospitalized for 11 days, and four or five of those I do not even remember. “It really was touch and go and a terribly debilitating ailment. READ MORE: Covid: Risk of reinfection ‘eight times’ higher with Omicron than Delta - two key symptoms  “I was not sure that I would ever be able to sing again because it took my voice. I could barely even talk." Despite his survival, the comeback was not easy. He explained how he became “afraid” to sing. Getting his vocal cords back required hard work but he was determined as singing was something he had wanted to do his whole life. The star shared how, before he had Covid, he was doing two to three workouts a week and yoga for 40 years. DON'T MISSLionel Richie health: Star on his mystery illness [INSIGHT] Bacteria in showerheads can cause pneumonia [ADVICE]Tom Hanks health: Star on managing diabetes [TIPS]  Being active has been shown by studies to be an important factor in determining how people fare with the disease. According to a study by the British Medical Journal, test subjects who were consistently physically inactive had a higher risk of being hospitalised by the condition. Covid vaccinations have also been shown to help prevent hospitalisations from the virus.  However, it is still possible to become infected and have symptoms from the illness. Research conducted in Norway and published in the journal Eurosuveillance found eight symptoms of Covid in people who were already vaccinated. In the study, 89 percent of participants had received two doses of a Covid vaccine.  Yet they still experienced the following symptoms: The NHS, however, explains that “for most people at high risk from COVID-19, vaccination has significantly reduced this risk".  