The state pension forms the bedrock of retirement income for millions of people. As a result, understanding when one will be paid is often central. State pensioners will get different sums depending on their National Insurance contributions, but knowing when this will be issued can help with forward planning. The new state pension, for instance, is usually paid every four weeks into an account of a person’s choice. However, there may be some temporary disruption on the horizon when it comes to payments. This is because an extra Bank Holiday has been added to the calendar this year. READ MORE: Boris shamed over Elsie, 77, forced to stay on bus for warmth It has been introduced to mark Her Majesty the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, with the monarch celebrating 70 years on the throne. A four day bank holiday weekend will take place from Thursday, June 2 to Sunday June 5. Although the celebrations will be welcomed by many, it could disrupt when they are paid the state pension. Typically, the day a pension is paid depends on the last two digits of a person’s National Insurance number. DON'T MISSPensioners hit back at 3.1 percent increase as triple lock scrapped [LATEST]FOUR groups of pensioners could be eligible for extra Pension Credit [EXPLAINED]‘Where is it?!’ Britons furious at delays to £150 council tax rebate [UPDATE] The numbers 00 to 19 mean a payment date of Monday, while it is Tuesday for those with digits 20 to 39. If someone has digits between 40 and 59, Wednesday payment is issued, and Thursday payments are for those with numbers 60 to 79. Finally, a Friday payment is reserved for those with numbers 80 to 99. With bank holidays falling on a Thursday and Friday in early June, it is these individuals who are likely to be affected. When the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) closes due to bank holidays, it will not issue payments. To avoid pensioners going without, state pension payments are typically issued earlier over bank holidays. It is therefore likely the DWP will pay state pensioners who expected payments on Thursday, June 2 and Friday, June 3 a day or so earlier. Wednesday, June 1, 2022 is the all-important date to bear in mind, as this is the last working day before the bank holiday weekend. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Those whose payment dates fall on a normal working day on either side of the weekend should not see any disruption. Fortunately, Britons will not have to take any action to receive an earlier payment. This is because it should be automatically processed by the DWP. State pensioners in receipt of benefits such as Attendance Allowance or Pension Credit may also see payment dates impacted. Once the bank holiday is over, state pensioners should see their usual payment dates reinstated.