Chelsea could be on the verge of selling seven players this summer in what could turn out to be a major squad overhaul. It means that Thomas Tuchel will need every penny that he can from Todd Boehly to rebuild the team. Chelsea could be set for yet more turmoil as they face a major squad revamp with several players eyeing the exit door. Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen are already on the way out when their contracts expire while Cesar Azpilicueta could be allowed to leave despite a contract extension. But seven others could be sold, making it a total of 10 exits at Stamford Bridge this summer. It could see a major shake-up of the squad that the club has not seen since the early days of Roman Abramovich's reign. So, with Boehly now set to take the Russian's spot, there is no time to waste for Tuchel. The German is sticking around in London to deal with the urgent crisis at the club after the Blues had been sanctioned by the UK government. That has meant that there has been no progress over transfers over the past few months as a result of the uncertainty. However, that looks set to change soon with the arrival of Boehly, which will see the sanctions lifted and the club able to act again in the transfer window, as well as deal with pressing contract issues. Several players have already been linked including Jules Kounde and Raheem Sterling. And Chelsea might have to act quickly as they face losing seven players, according to the Telegraph. Marcos Alonso, Kepa Arrizabalaga, Timo Werner, Hakim Ziyech, Christian Pulisic, Ross Barkley and Kenedy could all be offloaded before the transfer window shuts. It would be no surprise to see some fringe players such as Kepa, Barkley and Kenedy leave, who have failed to make an impact under Tuchel. But the likes of Werner, Ziyech and Pulisic departing would be a big blow up front. While it is true that they have hardly lit the Premier League alight, Chelsea's squad depth would take a major hit and would be hard to replace in one transfer window. Tuchel looks set to be handed a £200million budget to bolster the team. But instead, he might find himself simply replacing outgoing stars while some price tags being floated around would mean that number might be able to bringin around four players at best. It means that Boehly might have to dip into his pocket a bit more. While strengthening the defence is the priority, Tuchel now might have the added headache of solving problems in midfield and in attack. Linked players include Ibrahim Sangare, Darwin Nunez and Christopher Nkunku.