Neymar has been offered to Barcelona in a stunning move from PSG, according to reports. The Brazil international left the Nou Camp for the Parc des Princes back in the summer transfer window of 2017. Yet with Kylian Mbappe now choosing to stay in France, it’s possible his team-mate will depart. Mbappe had been expected to join Real Madrid this summer, with the La Liga giants long confident they’d land the 23-year-old. But that hasn’t happened, with the 2018 World Cup winner instead choosing to sign a three-year deal with PSG instead. Now, according to Footmercato via Sport, the Ligue 1 giants have offered Neymar to Barcelona. It’s stated that, with Mbappe now choosing to stay, the French champions don’t consider their record recruit to be ‘untouchable’ behind the scenes. PSG have now, therefore, offered Neymar to a host of clubs as they look to get him off the wage bill. But while Barcelona have been given the chance to take the Brazilian back, they’re currently not interested. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Neymar’s salary - he earns close to £25million each year - makes any move away from PSG problematic. They are, though, determined to get the forward out of the Parc des Princes in order to balance their finances. Neymar was a big hit during his time at Barcelona, with the 30-year-old arriving from Santos back in 2013. He scored 15 goals during his first season at the club. But Neymar then scaled new heights in his second, with his 39 goals across all competitions helping Barcelona win the treble under Luis Enrique. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here In 2017, many expected him to stay. Yet PSG were able to convince Neymar into jumping ship by promising to make him the talisman of their team. Three years ago, Neymar was keen to return to Barcelona with Lionel Messi hoping at the time that a deal could be struck. However, Barcelona’s board ultimately decided to prioritise the signing of Antoine Griezmann from Atletico Madrid instead. And it seems like the ship has sailed when it comes to Neymar returning, even though Barca now have a chance to make that happen. Regarding Mbappe, the PSG star explained his decision to stay by saying: "I would like to announce that I have chosen to extend my contract at Paris Saint-Germain, and of course I am delighted. "I am convinced that here I can continue to grow at a club that provides everything necessary to perform at the highest level. "I am also delighted to continue to play in France, the country where I was born, where I have grown up and where I have made my name. "I would like to thank the president, Nasser Al-Khelaifi, for his trust, his understanding and his patience. "I would also like to thank all the fans of Paris Saint-Germain, both in France and around the world, for their support, especially in recent months. "Together, side by side and ambitious, we will make magic in Paris.” PSG chief Nasser Al-Khelaifi also spoke out. And he said: "Kylian's commitment to PSG represents an amazing milestone in the history of our club, and a wonderful moment for our fans around the world." Mbappe dazzled as PSG beat Metz on Saturday. He scored a hat-trick in a 5-0 win at the Parc des Princes, with Neymar and Angel Di Maria also on target.