A good diet can add as many as 10 years to your life according to recent research gathered by PLOS Medicine. So, if you’re looking to better your diet, increase your lifespan, and you need a place to start, the 96-year-old Queen could be seen as a paragon for this - and a doctor has explained why. A healthy and balanced diet has many varied benefits, including a reduced risk of disease, health conditions, and an improved mood, to name a few. The better your diet, the better health you’ll have and to achieve this, the rule of thumb is to eat fewer sugars, salts, and saturated fats and replace them with more proteins, whole grains, and vegetables. By doing so, your body can get all the nutrients it needs to work at its peak level. It can be difficult to know where to begin, although in this case, it appears the more simple the better.  READ MORE: How to live longer: The combinations that has people living past 100  According to Darren McGrady, former chef in the royal kitchens, the Queen tends to stick to the same foods most days, albeit a particularly healthy rotation. Lifesum’s Dr Alona Pulde said: “Queen Elizabeth’s preference for simple foods makes it easy for anyone to eat like the Queen.” “Incorporating fruits, grains, protein and vegetables has numerous health benefits; from ensuring the immune system is functioning well, increasing energy to reducing the risk of heart disease and diabetes - all ultimately contributing to a longer, healthier life.” For breakfast, the Queen will typically eat a bowl of cereal. Her favourite is Special K with added fruit, which has many health benefits.  Dr Pulde said: “Fruit is calorie-dilute and nutrient-rich, with antioxidants, vitamins, minerals and fibre, which keep cells healthy, protect the heart and boost energy,” “Cereals, particularly wholegrain, are high in fibre that helps with weight management by keeping us fuller for longer, and vitamins and minerals which have been shown to reduce the risk of heart disease and diabetes.” For lunch, the Queen is said to enjoy protein-rich grilled fish or chicken served with a salad or vegetables, including courgette and spinach. DON'T MISS: Two forms of exercises that ‘burn calories’ and ‘decrease fat’ [ANALYSIS]What royals eat for breakfast - including Charles's 'breakfast box' [INSIGHT]Diabetes: Five ways to reduce your risk of high blood sugars [EXPLAINED]     She often keeps her lunch quite simple while avoiding more starchy foods. Dr Pulde said: “Protein is an important component in bones, muscles, skin, hair, nails and blood.” “It helps repair tissue, regulates hormones, and is of importance for our immune system. “Vegetables are nature’s multivitamin - rich in vitamins, minerals, antioxidants and fibre, which help to prevent - and could even reverse - chronic disease.” For dinner, the Queen’s protein and vegetable pattern continues.  According to Mr McGrady, it would include grilled or poached fish with a simple selection of vegetables and salad. Dr Pulde said: “The Queen’s dinner, typically rich in protein and vegetables, helps to maintain a trim weight, supports the function of the immune system, increases energy and ultimately contributes to a longer and healthier life,” For dessert, the Queen is known to be a chocoholic, particularly favouring dark chocolate. Dark chocolate is rich in minerals, including iron, magnesium and zinc; important for transporting oxygen through the body, supporting the immune system, and enhancing sleep. Dr Pulde said: “A little dark chocolate in your diet adds fibre and antioxidants that have been shown to possibly improve mood. 