Britons may be looking at which streaming services they can cut back on to help them manage the unprecedented cost of living crisis. While Netflix, Disney+, Prime Video and other streaming platforms offer countless hours of entertainment, households across the country may be looking at which subscriptions they can cancel to get more money in their pocket each month. For anyone that's in this boat, a new piece of research will come in handy that looks at which streaming service offers the best value for money. The study from Giggster looks at the five most popular streaming services - Netflix, Prime Video, Disney+, Apple TV+ and the NOW Cinema pass - and uses a number of metrics to rank these services. The number of new releases each month, number of Oscar winners available to stream, number of most popular new releases and the cost of popular new releases were all analysed. And, the study found Netflix offered the best value for money, with a cost of 12p per popular new release movie. This figure is calculated using Netflix's cheapest membership plan, the Basic tier which offers non-HD streaming for £6.99 per month. According to Giggster, the next best value for money service was Prime Video, followed by the NOW Cinema pass, then Disney+ and then finally Apple TV+.  Outlining the findings in a post online, Giggster said: "Netflix is the most widely used streaming service in the UK and the great value for money is one of the biggest reasons why. With a huge focus on creating original movies, Netflix has secured 51 of the 200 most popular new releases, with many of them being Netflix originals." Netflix was also named as the streaming service that offered the most amount of new releases, whereas Prime Video was the service with the most Oscar winners. Oscar winners that are available to stream right now on Prime Video in the UK include 1946 and 2019 South Korean hit Parasite. The new releases that the study used to calculate value were taken from IMDb lists of the 100 most popular movies released in 2020 and 2021. However, ultimately your own personal taste in films and boxsets could mainly determine which streaming services you want to keep on subscribing to or cancel.  The big three streaming services - Netflix, Prime Video and Disney+ - all have some major releases planned for the remainder of the year. High-profile releases hitting Netflix include The Gray Man, a blockbuster new film from Avengers directors The Russo Brothers as well as Captain America star Chris Evans and Ryan Gosling, while eagerly-awaited boxsets launching on Netflix this year include the final season of Stranger Things and the remaining episodes of critically acclaimed Breaking Bad prequel Better Call Saul. Another big Netflix release pencilled in for 2022 is the sequel to Rian Johnson's hit crime comedy Knives Out, starring former James Bond actor Daniel Craig. While Prime Video is getting the third season of The Boys this year as well as the long-awaited Lord of the Rings TV show, which is believed to be the most expensive TV show ever made. Disney+, meanwhile, is getting plenty of Star Wars and Marvel content such as Obi Wan Kenobi, She-Hulk, Ms Marvel as well as Hocus Pocus 2 and Disenchanted, the sequel to Enchanted starring Amy Adams. 