Naga Munchetty usually presents BBC Breakfast from Thursday to Saturday but the broadcaster was noticeably absent from yesterday's show (May 28). The on-screen presenter was replaced by business correspondent Nina Warhurst who joined Charlie Stayt on the red sofa. Taking to Twitter, Nina shared she would be looking at the main headlines on the morning programme. In view of her 28,500 followers, she penned: "Morning from the Salford squad @BBCBreakfast. "One of those mornings when front pages are all different BUT only one story on the back!! "@JohnWatsonSport is live from Paris. We have the latest from Texas, analysis of Johnson’s Tory opponents. Plus Vampires & street parties." READ MORE: Dan Walker's father-in-law unimpressed at Champions League final Naga's absence sparked some concern on social media, as Ian asked: "Where's Naga?" "Is Naga on break," Rosie chimed. The broadcaster has not yet addressed her absence from the show on social media. Express.co.uk has contacted BBC Breakfast representatives for comment.  Naga's show absence comes just days after she penned a heartfelt farewell to Adam Fleming, who explained he is taking a step back from his regular duties at the Beeb. The BBC Breakfast host offered her well wishes to her colleague who often makes regular appearances on the morning news programe. Adam, who is a chief political correspondent at BBC News, confirmed it was his last week reporting from Westminster as he takes on other challenges. In view of his 107,000 followers, he explained he will be focused on his other work which includes fronting Newscast. DON'T MISS... Bo Hopkins dead: The Wild Bunch star dies aged 84[LATEST]Christian Horner's wife Geri leaves fans in disbelief with new look[PICTURES]Eamonn Holmes set to undergo surgery as host unable to walk his dog[HEALTH] He accompanied the announcement with a snap of himself clutching a BBC News umbrella outside Downing Street, surrounded by cameras and recording equipment. Adam wrote: "This is my last week at Westminster for a while because I’m going to do other stuff for a few months including #BBCNewscast. Thanks for all the constructive feedback of my political coverage on this platform." Naga was one of the first people to react to the news as he was inundated with messages of support. In view of her 270,000 followers, she wrote: "A change is as good as a rest (they say). "I don't like what they say... Still, I hope you enjoy the change. I'll miss you on @BBCBreakfast." BBC broadcaster Rachel Burden commented: "We will miss you." Rick Edwards agreed: "We will!" Carolyn Quinn added: "Bon voyage Adam. You’ll be really missed. Thank you." BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One at 6am.