Michael Portillo sat down with Nick Ferrari to discuss the latest local election results. The ex-defence secretary discussed how in previous weeks Tories were sending in letters of no confidence to the 1922 Committee. Mr Portillo spoke of how some people were predicting that the Prime Minister would crash and burn at the elections. But he suggested the less-than-cataclysmic results could result in the Prime Minister maintaining his position.   Mr Portillo told LBC: "I think there will be some relief in Downing Street these results at the bottom end of what they had feared. "I see that people have come out this morning and... Enemies within the Conservative party and they say you better change or be changed. "Well, that threat is quite a long way back from where we were a few weeks ago. "When they were actually sending in the letters demanding a vote of no confidence in the Prime Minister. JUST IN: 'Struggling to care' Prince Harry's rumoured Jubilee absence has fans 'losing patience'     Mr Portillo added: "Some people thought this was going to be the moment where he crashed and burned. "Although there are some historic changes here in Wandsworth and Westminster for that matter Barnet. "Which symbolically are very unfortunate for the Prime Minister, he clearly isn't the wipeout that was imagined by some." "And in particular the failure of the Labour Party to do better North of London is obviously a constellation to the Conservatives. READ MORE: UK hot weather: 26C heatwave in DAYS as experts forecast 'proper summer' for 2022     "And actually quite worrying to the Labour Party and quite worrying for the Leadership of Kier Starmer, so not nearly as bad for Boris as he thought I think he's once again dodged a bullet." Prime Minister Boris Johnson and the Conservatives have managed to secure 24 (-8) councils and 612 (-151) councillors so far, with Northern Ireland results yet to be announced. Mr Johnson added: "The big lesson from this is that this is a message from voters that what they want us to do above all - one, two, and three - is focus on the big issues. "That matter to them, taking the country forward, making sure we fix the post-COVID aftershock, get us all through the economic aftershocks in the way we got through COVID. "Fix the energy supply issues, that's where the inflationary spike is coming, and keep going with our agenda of high wage, high skill jobs." 