Cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch is also known for sharing her lifestyle and gardening hacks. The cleaning influencer, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, often shares gardening, cleaning and DIY content on her Instagram account which has more than 4.3 million followers. Now, fans of hers have created their own groups dedicated to sharing cleaning and gardening tips on social media. On one such group, Louise Victoria asked Mrs Hinch gardening fans: “Hi any tips on keeping down weeds coming through pavers please? “I usually get the pump action one but it’s so expensive. “I have previously been told Domestos and only Domestos, no cheap or other brand bleach. “My dog goes on pavers also.” The post garnered a plethora of comments but the most popular response was to use “salt”. READ MORE: How to get rid of pigeons in your garden - 5 easy ways Clare Lishman said: “My old neighbour used to swear by salt.” Jayne Liz commented: “Rock salt - it’s cheap.” Sharon Thompson said: “Salt.” Vicky Parry wrote: “I use white table salt.” Lorraine McIntosh replied: “I agree, plain salt, 30p or there about in Aldi.” Christine Pierce suggested: “Salt, trickle it along the cracks and it kills them without chemical damage.” DON'T MISSOven cleaning: How to clean oven door glass under 5 minutes - ‘cheap’ [INSIGHT]Oven cleaning: ‘The right technique’ to clean oven door glass properly [UPDATE]Wallpaper: ‘Do’s and don’ts’ when DIYing to ‘do a room justice’ [ANALYSIS] Joanne Sim said: “Have to agree with the salt idea!” ASDA Table Salt costs just 30p. Morrisons Table Salt can be bought for 29p. Cook With M&S Table Salt is 30p from Ocado. Table salt can be used to kill weeds because the plant absorbs the salt into its plant root system. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The salt disrupts the water balance and causes the weed to eventually wilt and die off. Other suggestions from gardening enthusiasts included using white vinegar and boiling water. Ah Sar said: “I was told white Vinegar and it works and costs £1.” Victoria Jewell replied: “I boil the kettle and pour it on. It kills the weeds.”  Lisa Ralphs wrote: “I make a mix of white vinegar, salt and washing up liquid in a sprayer. “Vinegar smells but goes after 30 minutes. “Kills weeds every time, cheap and easy. Used this for years.” Anne Caldwell said: “Kettle of boiling water. It’s the best and chemical free.”