Lorraine Kelly, 62, said she wouldn’t be inviting Katie onto her ITV daytime show, Lorraine. She had some less than kind words to say about Katie Hopkins, 47, who she described as a “busted flush”. The 62-year-old revealed she is open to having most guests appear on her show, with one exception. When asked about the guests she has on her show, mother-of-one Lorraine said she wouldn’t be inviting Katie onto her show anytime soon. Lorraine said: “The only person that I actually genuinely wouldn't have on the show is Katie Hopkins. “She's a busted flush.” READ MORE: Meghan Markle's 'main issue' pointed out by Karren Brady Television star Lorraine revealed the celebrities she has banned from her show when she spoke to comedians Jojo Sutherland and Bruce Devlin on the latest episode of the Be Honest podcast on Sunday. She went on to describe the media personality and former businesswoman as “dangerous”. Lorraine explained why she wouldn’t allow Katie to speak on her show: “It's because I actually think that person is dangerous.” During the podcast episode, she also spoke about how “really big stars” such as actor Ralph Fiennes found being on the show “nerve-wracking” when he appeared as a guest in 2019. Describing his appearance, Lorraine said: “He hated every single moment of it.” She described him as a “brilliant actor,” but said he was “uncomfortable” with live TV. Lorraine also said “things go wrong” with live TV, giving the example of how DI Ray actress Parminder Nagra recently missed a live interview which they had scheduled to do over Zoom. Lorraine said: “She just never turned up”, and admitted there had been a mix-up with the timing of the interview. DON'T MISS: Gary Lineker addresses James Corden Match of The Day replacement claim [LATEST]Johnny and Amber pictured on the night she claimed he broke her nose [NEWS] Piers Morgan's behind scenes behaviour exposed by Rob Rinder [UPDATE] She added: “Things go wrong on a daily basis for us.” Another elusive guest has been Lady Gaga. Lorraine said: “I nearly interviewed Lady Gaga, but we were waiting for her.” “We were waiting for hours. It was a long, long time ago. It must [have been] five or six years ago. “And we were going to pre-record after the show. “By one o'clock in the afternoon when she hadn’t appeared, we just kind of gave up and thought let's go home.” On Tuesday, Susanna Reid interviewed Boris Johnson at Downing Street. Susanna referenced Lorraine and Boris asked her: “Who’s Lorraine?” On the podcast episode, Lorraine was about the interview and she replied by saying “[it was] a forensic, really intelligent interview”.