On Friday, terrifying weather conditions across Germany left dozens of people injured, with the western region hit by three tornadoes. People were cautioned against venturing outdoors as roofs were ripped from homes and trees were torn from their roots. At least 40 people were injured in western Germany, and local media reported that a 38-year-old man in the town of Wittgert died as a result of the storms. Police confirmed the man received an electric shock when in a flooded cellar. Now, Germany is bracing for another bout of potentially dangerous weather conditions, as the German meteorological service, Deutscher Wetterdienst (DWD), warns of a new low-pressure front approaching the southwest early this week. On Monday morning, the DWD predicted possible “severe thunderstorms” in western and southern Germany. These storms are likely to bring with them “hail, gale-force winds and heavy rain”. Severe weather warnings were issued across Bavaria and throughout the North Rhine-Westphalia area. One DWD meteorologist said: "The further south you get in North Rhine-Westphalia, the more likely there is a risk.” “But unfortunately we are not able to predict tornadoes." READ MORE: London bus explosion: Five electric buses go up in a fireball Police in the west German city of Paderborn described scenes of destruction left in the wake of the tornadoes over the weekend. Authorities said: "Sheet metal, insulation and other materials were blown kilometres away. “Countless roofs are covered or badly damaged. Many trees still lie on destroyed cars.” The local police said that 10 people had been seriously injured and a further 30 had been harmed during the storms in the city, with a population of around 150,000 people. DON'T MISS: Vladimir Putin survived 'unsuccessful assassination attempt' [REVEAL] Russia facing ‘sudden and catastrophic defeat—Putin 'will not survive' [ANALYSIS] Russians wiped out AGAIN as they try to cross Siverski Donets river [REPORT] But the thunderstorms striking west Germany came in stark contrast to record-breaking temperatures felt in southern Spain over the weekend. Temperatures soared above 40C in some areas of the country, with the state weather agency issuing warnings for the “intense” heatwave in 10 different Spanish regions. Similar scorching temperatures were also felt in France, with the southwestern region of Soorts-Hossegor peaking at just under 39C. BBC weatherman, Tomasz Schafernake, described these “extraordinary” conditions across Europe for this time of year. He said: We've been breaking many records in excess of 40 degrees in Spain, mid 30s, expected in France, more like July August really. "Things are turning and it will certainly freshen up in many areas.” He warned, however, that there will “be some pretty nasty storms forming once again, and we've had our fair share of nasty storms across western and central Europe just in the last few days." He added: "There is much fresher Atlantic air invading this part of Europe where we've been experiencing that heat, but there will be storms on that weather front as it crosses into more central and then eastern parts of Europe. “It remains fresh all the while across the British Isles and much of Scandinavia in Oslo at around 15C with some showers expected. "The weather eventually settles down with some sunshine.” Additional reporting by Monika Pallenberg.