Graham Thorpe is currently in hospital after recently being taken seriously ill, his family have announced. The prognosis of the former England batsman and coach has been described as "unclear". Thorpe, 52, was England's batting coach up until February when he stepped down following the hugely unsuccessful Ashes tour to Australia. He was named head coach of Afghanistan at the end of March, replacing Lance Klusener. However, in a statement from his family, Thorpe is now receiving treatment in hospital after falling ill. The statement was released by the Professional Cricketers' Association at midday on Tuesday. It reads: "Graham Thorpe has recently fallen seriously ill and is currently in hospital receiving treatment. His prognosis is unclear at this stage and we ask for privacy for him and his family at this time. Our thoughts are with Graham and his family."  Thorpe played 100 Test matches and 82 one day internationals for England during a successful career. He averaged over 44 in Tests and over 37 in ODIs, scoring a combined 9,124 runs for his country. His international career spanned 12 years between 1993 and 2005, with his last Test outing coming in the series before the famous Ashes victory over Australia. Thorpe hit 16 centuries in Test matches to put him level 15th in the all-time list for England. Only 14 batsman have scored more Test runs for England than Thorpe. He spent the entirety of his domestic career with Surrey, the county where he was born. He made his debut for the Oval side in 1988 and played his final game in 2005. Surrey have released a statement following the news, sending their best wishes to Thorpe and his family.  Surrey's official Twitter account wrote: "The thoughts of everyone at the Club are with Graham, his wife Amanda, and family at this time. He is an icon of the English game, known by millions of cricket fans and forever a favourite son of Surrey CCC." Former England spinner Shaun Udal tweeted: "Come on Thorpey, fight hard like you always did on the pitch! Friends since school days, great cricketer and person #legend." Ex-Leicestershire seam bowler and cricket commentator Charles Dagnall wrote: "Just seen on here that Graham Thorpe is seriously ill. Horrid news. Sending all the best to his family & all at Surrey CCC and here’s hoping for a very swift recovery." Thorpe hit 21,937 runs in first-class cricket in 341 matches, hitting 49 centuries. He featured in five T20 matches towards the end of his career and was part of the victorious Surrey side which won the inaugural Twenty20 Cup in 2003. Thorpe was appointed England's lead batting coach in October 2020 and held the role until earlier this year. He is yet to oversee a match for Afghanistan since being appointed their head coach. 