Martin Brundle was rebuked by security guards as he attempted to talk to Bridgerton star Simone Ashley ahead of the Monaco Grand Prix. Brundle was conducting interviews before the race as part of his traditional grid walk. However, her security guard stopped Brundle before he asked his question, claiming the Bridgerton star didn’t want to talk. As Brundle approached, her guard said: “She doesn’t want to do any TV.” However, Brundle pushed on in his attempt to secure an interview. He said: “She doesn't want to do any TV? Well we are kind of halfway there already. It’s so good to see her on the grid. I’m not going to push but I’d like to have a chat with you.” His attempts were futile as her team refused to grant the Sky Sports presenter any time. In a sassy comeback, Brundle simply responded: "That’s fine, whatever.” READ MORE: Rosberg calls out Dier live on air for changing mind on Lewis Hamilton  Moments later, Brundle faced similar difficulty with Patrick Dempsey’s security team. A man appeared to stop Brundle from getting close to the Grey’s Anatomy star and appeared to stick his arm out to stop him getting his microphone near. Brundle called him out, saying: "It’s okay boss. Are you with Patrick?" However, Dempsey recognised Brundle and lent time to talk. But, the Sky Sports host addressed the issue moments later, adding: "Your man here was a bit upset with me.” Dempsey replied: “Thank goodness I’m protected but good to see you.” DON'T MISSMonaco Grand Prix LIVE: Race suspended, Hamilton starts behind Russell [INSIGHT]Christian Horner accuses Sky Sports commentator of enjoying night out [ANALYSIS]Max Verstappen 'irritated' at Sergio Perez and makes foul play hint [COMMENT] However, social media users defended Brundle's actions, calling the move a PR disaster. Twitter user @beauy84 said: "Who the hell is Simone Ashley and what a p.r disaster… #f1 get off the grid if your to good for a chat. [Brundle] deserves more respect as does the sport." Twitter user Darren Timms added: “I hope when Simone Ashley wants to do TV to promote something, everyone else doesn’t have time for her." Stephanie Murray also praised Brundle’s cool handling of the situation, she said: “You are an absolute legend!! The way you handle the celebrities is just amazing. If you're on the grid you're open to interviews. Shame on Simone Ashley." It comes just months after Brundle was also told not to interview American rapper Megan Thee Stallion at the United States Grand Prix. Her security guard told Brundle he 'coudn't do that' when he placed a microphone near her. Brundle responded cheekily: "I can do that, because I did." It was understood F1 would look to ban bodyguards from the grid after the fiasco. 