The Tesco chairman discussed how he felt the Chancellor's price hikes were hitting people with the most modest of income's disproportionality.  Due to the rise in the cost of National Insurance by 2.5 percent and the increased costs of energy bills a third of households around the country are now suffering. The Tesco chief then explained how some Brits were struggling to feed their families and heat their homes.  BBC Radio 4's Today Programme presenter Felicity Ward said: "What are your thoughts on the tax rises, that we've seen the rise in National Insurance?" Mr Allen said: "Well frankly if I'd been the Chancellor, which is a very extremely unlikely event I wouldn't have done it. "I think hitting people on modest incomes disproportionately is absolutely the wrong time to do it. "Maybe something that's more sensible in the longer term but right now... And I... If I were in Government I'd roll that back." JUST IN: Paranoid Putin 'wears bulletproof jacket' during Victory Day speech as grip weakens     Ms Ward added; "If the right kind of help isn't put in place for the Government, what are your fears about your customers?" Mr Allen said: “I think many of them are struggling to both be able to heat their homes and to feed their family. "More and more are having to resort to food banks, and we support substantially. "A lot of local charities a lot of local food banks and there's no doubt at all, people who have never had to go to a food bank are having to do so. READ MORE: Russian journalists’ rebel on Victory Day with anti-Putin articles - ‘Paranoid dictator'    "And I think we're seeing real food poverty for the first time in a generation.” Due to rising levels of food poverty in the UK, Food Aid Network (IFAN) decided to write to Prime Minister Boris Johnson and Chancellor of the Exchequer Rishi Sunak, to ask for more Government support. IFAN said: “We are deeply concerned about the scale of suffering that we are already witnessing, as well as our capacity to prevent people from going hungry in the weeks and months to come. “An emergency supply of food cannot resolve someone’s financial crisis and will only act as a temporary sticking plaster. “Measures must be urgently introduced to decisively increase people’s incomes through the social security system and wage increases combined with job security.” The former Chief Economist for the Bank of England, Andrew Haldane has been warning brits of rising inflation, which will make the cost of living crisis in the UK worse. Mr Haldine said: “This isn’t a new thing - even this time last year when I was CE I was worried that price pressures were bubbling up." "As it turned out, things have even surpassed my worst expectations. “We’re now looking prospectively at double-digit rates of inflation which is not quite back to the seventies but getting on that way. “The level of inflation is high, I'm slightly fearful it might stick around for some little while as well.” 