Mhairi, Fatai, Rozina and Terry all joined The Chase host Bradley Walsh for a new episode of the ITV quiz show. They each took on Paul "Sinnerman" Sinha for a chance to make it back as a team to compete in the Final Chase and win a life-changing sum of money. However, viewers became distracted as Terry reminded them of comedian Bill Oddie and they took to social media to discuss their surprise. Terry was the final contestant to take on Paul, and when asked what he did for a job, he revealed to Bradley he was recently retired and liked to travel and take up bird watching. During his cash builder round, Terry managed to bank £5,000, which he was proud of and soon faced the "Sinnerman" at the table where he received his offers. However, many viewers were already distracted by his looks and the sound of his voice, comparing him to Bill Oddie. Twitter user @Hyther12 commented: "Bird watching? He is Bill Oddie!!!!" READ MORE: 'Disgusted' BBC Breakfast sparks uproar over Russian news coverage @spjonah77 added: "I wondered where Bill Oddie had gone..." @Homenythesea4 exclaimed: "Bill Oddie lookalike on #TheChase, and he’s a twitcher!" @JoviGirl_1980 said: "So not only does he look like Bill Oddie, he sounds like him too." "Is that Bill Oddie on," @fars83 asked. While @clairlt83 laughed: "Bill Oddie is on #TheChase" (sic) The Chaser offered Terry a higher offer of £54,000 and a low offer of £1,000, and with Mhairi advising him to take whatever he felt comfortable with, he decided to take the £1,000. He made it through the round successfully and made it back to the panel to take on Paul in the Final Chase. Mhairi was first up to take on Paul and built an impressive £6,000 in the cash builder round, which she decided to play for. DON'T MISS...Bradley Walsh stunned as Chase player beats Jenny Ryan in tense round  [INSIGHT]Bradley Walsh stunned by The Chase's player connection to Mark Labbett [LATEST]Bradley Walsh fumes over The Chase player's wrong answer [WATCH] She too managed to beat The Chaser during her round and make it back to the table with Terry, where they both entered the Final Chase. Fatai was second and built £3,000 in his cash builder and was offered £1,000 as his low offer and £30,000 as his higher offer. Despite playing for the £3,000 he made during his round, Fatai was unfortunately caught by Paul and did not make it through to the Final Chase. Rozina was third to take on The Chaser and decided to play for the £4,000 she built in the cash builder, even though Paul had offered the chance at £40,000. Unfortunately for Rozina, she too was caught by The Chaser and went home empty-handed, leaving Terry and Mhairi to play in the Final Chase. In the quickfire question round, the two remaining contestants managed to get 13 steps ahead of the "Sinnerman". However, despite successfully pushing him back three spaces, Paul caught them with just eight seconds to spare and sent them home empty-handed. The Chase airs weekdays from 5pm on ITV.