Based on Alice Oseman's comics, Heartstopper focuses on openly gay schoolboy Charlie Spring (played by Joe Locke) and his blossoming romance with fellow student Nick Nelson (Kit Connor) through a refreshingly upbeat lens. While Charlie and Nick serve as the central couple, Heartstopper follows the lives of other queer characters including trans teen Elle Argent (Yasmin Finney) and lesbian couple Darcy Olsson (Kizzy Edgell) and Tara Jones (Corinna Brown). The series encompasses teen romance and friendships with a light take on being young and queer. In one of the most powerful scenes in Heartstopper, Nick comes out to his mother (Olivia Colman) who embraces her son and thanks him for telling her. She goes on to apologise, saying sorry if she ever made him feel like he was unable to do so. Unsurprisingly, the Netflix drama has had a huge response on social media from viewers globally and has been holding onto a spot in the top 10 shows on Netflix UK since it was released. Heartstopper has even garnered a strong reception from the critics with an extremely rare 100 percent fresh rating on Rotten Tomatoes. READ MORE: Heartstopper ending explained: Do Nick and Charlie stay together? Scandal star Kerry Washington, This Morning’s Phillip Schofield and Years & Years lead singer and It's A Sin actor Olly Alexander have also praised the praised the series. Heartstopper was given the Gogglebox seal of approval recently after the show was viewed by the Channel 4's armchair reviewers with all-round glowing praise. The massive ripple of Heartstopper continues after actress Finney was revealed to be joining the cast of Doctor Who, alongside incoming 14th Time Lord and Sex Education star Ncuti Gatwa. Some of the most poignant responses to the show have been from older members of the queer community, who have said they wished they had Heartstopper when they were younger and on their own journeys of self-discovery. One viewer had the courage to come out to their family after watching the show, a testament to the power of storytelling and representation. Heartstopper's producers enlisted LGBTQ+ charity Stonewall to advise on the show and educate the cast and crew about queer history as well as pronouns. Speaking to exclusively to Express.co.uk, Robbie de Santos, Director of Communications and External Affairs at Stonewall, said: "Heartstopper is a ground-breaking show that’s an important step forward for LGBTQ+ storytelling. "We can’t be what we can’t see and so many LGBTQ+ people have sadly grown up without seeing themselves on screen. "That’s why it’s fantastic to see more shows thoughtfully portray queer lives and love and the wonderful diversity of our society. "We know that seeing this kind of representation in a mainstream TV show will mean a lot to many in our communities." Recent years have seen a rise in queer representation and storytelling across film and television with shows like Sex Education, Euphoria and It's A Sin, but Heartstopper has the cheeriest outlook of its peers. American LGBTQ+ media organisation GLAAD, which focuses on the portrayal of the queer community within the entertainment industry, released its study earlier this year outlining onscreen representation. The annual We Are On TV report found there was now more LGBTQ+ onscreen representation than before with 637 queer characters across linear broadcast television in America and streaming platforms. In the 2021-22 report, GLAAD noted there was now a total of 358 LGBTQ+ regular and recurring characters on streaming platforms, an increase of 217 from the previous year. This is partly due to the proliferation of streaming platforms and content, with GLAAD now including Apple TV+, Disney+, HBO Max, Paramount+, and Peacock in its research. With the advent of streaming platforms and global viewing, television has become more international and diverse. GLAAD's report also mentioned Killing Eve on BBC America and Netflix's Sex Education, noting the continued inclusion of significant bisexual characters in the former and the introduction of non-binary character Cal (Dua Saleh) in the latter. Although the study is positive about queer representation, GLAAD called on traditional US broadcasters to produce shows with a majority of LGBTQ+ cast such as The L Word, Queer As Folk, and Banana. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Debbie Webster reports Abi in revenge twist [ANALYSIS]Sally Dexter partner: Is Emmerdale's Faith Dingle star married? [EXPLAINER]Ozark season 4 theory: Jonah actually shot Wendy as fans spot key clue [INSIGHT] The group urged networks, who now face tough competition from streamers, to include LGBTQ+ characters with new and interesting stories told with nuance and depth as well as reflecting the diversity of the queer community. Stonewall's de Santos echoed GLAAD's report, going on to say: "Media plays a crucial role in furthering LGBTQ+ acceptance and we were proud to have a small part in bringing the show to life. "We’re thrilled that so many have embraced [Heartstopper] and resonated with its characters." He added: "While there’s still so much we need to do to create a world where LGBTQ+ storytelling is normalised, the increase in representation we’ve seen in recent years is an encouraging sign that our stories are finally being told." Fans of Heartstopper are now vocally campaigning Netflix on social media to recommission the show for a second outing with their #RENEWHEARTSTOPPER hashtag. For now, it's a waiting game but if the show gets the all-important viewing numbers, there could be more from the Heartstopper universe in the not-too-distant future. Heartstopper is streaming on Netflix now