Millions of Britons are looking to travel abroad again, many of whom will be doing so in a caravan or motorhome. Over the pandemic, drivers fell in love with leisure vehicles again, with the industry seeing a massive boom with staycations becoming the new normal. But now, drivers are being warned of the laws associated with travelling with a caravan, motorhome or campervan. In England and Wales, wild camping is only legal with the land owner’s permission, with Dartmoor National Park being one exception to the rule. However, there are plenty of nearly wild campsites to pitch up at. In Scotland, right-to-roam laws are still in place, so it is legal to camp as long as they follow the Scottish Outdoor Access Code. READ MORE: Maximum driving age plans for elderly motorists are 'unfair' Generally, wild camping is not allowed in Spain, with it being illegal to park in any wild place that isn’t an established campsite, according to Caravan Times. There are plenty of “nearly wild” campsite alternatives available across Spain, where drivers are able to take out a table, chairs or an awning. If a driver parks their leisure vehicle and they spend the night in it, they are able to do so, as long as they are staying in an area where parking is allowed. DON'T MISSElectric car owners could be forced to pay more for charging cars [WARNING]Thousands of motorists giving up driving [SHOCKING]Petrol and diesel prices at shocking UK all-time record high [DISASTER] Free camping is illegal in Italy and drivers could face fines of between €100 (£85) and €500 (£424) if caught. The local authorities regularly patrol key tourist areas, particularly along the coast, to enforce this rule. Those looking to camp will need to stay in a campsite, which can be found across the country. Motorists could also be hit with a €500 (£424) fine as wild camping is prohibited. The fine can be even greater if they are found wild camping with a leisure vehicle. As with other European countries, there are plenty of alternatives for caravanners and motorhome owners. Wild camping is generally tolerated in France, as long as the driver has the permission of the landowner. Motorhome aires are particularly popular in France as they allow overnight parking in areas around the country, generally for free. They are only for motorhomes and campervans, and are designed to encourage tourists to the area. In 2021, a law was introduced making wild camping, under certain conditions, legal in Portugal. Overnight stays are allowed for no longer than 48 hours. The law states that outside protected areas, overnight stays are allowed for a maximum period of 48 hours “in the same municipality”.