Multiple decisions in Ukraine appear to have backfired against Moscow, with reports suggesting over 23,000 Russian soldiers have died - and over 1,000 tanks destroyed. Analysts say Putin severely miscalculated Ukraine’s resistance capabilities prior to launching his so-called “special operation” in liberating Ukraine from Nazis. According to one historian, “military setbacks have sucked Putin into micromanaging the Russian operations”.  Comparing the Russian President to former historical figures, Robert Service said: "Latest reports suggest that military setbacks have sucked Putin into micromanaging the Russian operations. "Autocrats expect to have their whims obeyed. Kremlin etiquette with its unsavoury tsarist and communist influences gives him the aura of a dictator. He made the remarks in a piece for The Telegraph titled 'Vladimir Putin is micromanaging his way to military collapse'. The piece states: "Like Hitler and Stalin, the Russian president is over-estimating his ability to command."  According to Jonathan Katz, a German Marshall Fund senior fellow and director of Democracy Initiatives, Putin "is this century's equivalent to Hitler, and the threat he poses to Europe, US and global security extends far beyond the current conflict in Ukraine." Mr Katz said: "Like Hitler, Putin has amassed unquestionable power in Russia, wiped out political opposition with little to no check on his regime and its use of military force or other hybrid tools to brutally carve out and illegally conquer territory in surrounding nations."  READ MORE:Germany slaps down Ukraine's dream of joining EU Mr Service was also keen to point out that neither Putin nor members of his entourage have the necessary experience or skills to lead a full-scale war. He said: “Neither he nor the minister of defence Sergei Shoigu has operational training or experience. “The last invader of Ukraine – if we exclude the Red Army itself at the end of the Second World War – was Adolf Hitler, who at least fought in the trenches in 1914-1918. “This foolishly encouraged him, however, to believe he knew better than his generals about modern war.”  DON'T MISS:Teacher who had affair with pupil caught by husband [REPORT]FTSE CRASH: UK markets in freefall [REVEAL]Future of Mariupol being planned [INSIGHT] Many historians believe key decisions made by Hitler during the second world war could have gone against the German army, and hence ultimately contributed to its downfall. Furthermore, much speculation is circulating over Putin’s health. Recent images have shown the leader to grip onto a table and slurring his words when speaking, sparking rumours of ill health. Writing in The Telegraph, Mr Service suggested Putin and his entourage are no longer the ultra-fit world leaders they once portrayed themselves to be. Speaking of the partnership between Putin and his defence minister, he said: “He and Shoigu used to be friends, going off together on fishing expeditions. “They exulted in physical exercise. They shared a laddish and combative mode of self-expression. “But neither man looks in good shape today. “Putin holds on to the table ledge to steady himself and Shoigu mumbles his words.”  Already Ukrainian forces have pushed Russian troops out of northern and central Ukraine, and have continued to mount resistance in Eastern Ukraine. The one silver-cloud lining for Putin is the recent fall of the steelworks in Mariupol in southern Ukraine, which many say will lead to the fall of the city. However, with wide-scale loss of assets, and a continual supply of defensive arms to Ukraine from abroad, a resurgent Kyiv may yet battle to reclaim Mariupol from Russian control. 