High concentrations of cholesterol in the bloodstream wreak havoc on the arteries by depositing debris onto their walls. As the build-up causes the passageways to narrow, circulation starts to hinder. The eventual outcome of this is a lack of oxygen reaching the hands and feet, which heightens the likelihood of complications such as hammertoes. Left untreated, the condition can pave the way to further complications, such as nerve damage. According to the Cleveland Clinic, peripheral artery disease is a build-up of cholesterol and plaque in the arteries leading to the extremities. The condition is a key driver of many complications in the legs and feet, which can limit walking and other activities. One of the lesser-known complications of PAD is hammertoe, which causes deformities in the toes. According to the Orthopaedic Medical Centre: “Individuals with poor circulation or nerve damage in their feet, such as diabetics, stroke survivors, or those with peripheral artery disease, are more at risk for hammertoes than the general population. READ MORE: High cholesterol: Can you smell that? Three smelly symptoms associated with high levels “Women are more prone to hammertoes than men, presumably because they wear less comfortable shoes with smaller toe boxes. “Other risk factors for hammertoes include increasing age and having a second toe longer than the big toe.” Hammertoe is the name given to a toe that is bent upward at the middle joint. This can cause pain, swelling, redness and stiffness in the affected toe, usually the toe next to the big toe. The initial stages of the digit can generally be straightened out, but this can become harder to do over time. “When the inside of your shoe rubs against a hammertoe, corns, blisters or calluses may form,” explains the health body Family Doctor. In fact, the deformity - also known as mallet toe - usually develops when the shape of a shoe changes the foot structure. The trauma and certain disease processes, however, such as PAD, can contribute to its development too. One thing these conditions have in common is they cause an imbalance in the muscle, tendons, or ligaments that normally hold the toe straight. Changing footwear and using shoe inserts can help relieve pain, but severe cases of the condition may require surgery to get relief. Some patients are reluctant to undergo surgery, but this could lead to further complications. Sometimes hammertoe causes excessive rubbing of the foot inside the shoe, setting the stage for irritation, corns and calluses, and eventually nerve injury. Ongoing pressure in or against the toes can result in nerve damage, although hammertoe causes this.