Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have a sprawling mansion in California which the couple now calls home. But earlier this month, the Duke and Duchess confirmed they would be attending the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations in the UK after months of speculation. The couple will be bringing their children Archie and Lilibet, the latter of whom the Queen is yet to meet, and the pair will likely see several members of the Royal Family again over the four-day bank holiday weekend. Non-working members of the Royal Family will not be appearing on the Buckingham Palace balcony for Trooping the Colour on June 2, which rules Harry and Meghan out along with many of the Queen's grandchildren and great-grandchildren. But the Sussexes could appear at other events being hosted over the four-day celebration, and the pair are reportedly "excited" to visit next month. A spokeswoman for the couple said: “Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are excited and honoured to attend The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations this June with their children.”  Although Harry and Meghan now spend most of their time in the US, they have retained their home in the UK - Frogmore Cottage. After leaving Kensington Palace, the couple lived at Frogmore Cottage with their baby son Archie before they stepped down as working royals and moved to the US in 2020. The Sunday Telegraph reported that the Duke planned to renew the lease on his plush UK base earlier this year. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice enjoys night away from ‘screaming baby’  Harry is understood to have stayed at the property last April when he visited the UK for Prince Philip's funeral, so Harry and Meghan may stay there for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations next month too. If the couple does choose to stay at Frogmore Cottage in June, it will be their first visit to the UK as a family of four since baby Lilibet was born last June. The Sussexes may have some company during their stay, according to The Sun. Frogmore Cottage is currently being lived in by Harry's cousin Princess Eugenie, her husband Jack Brooksbank and their son August, who was born last February. Eugenie is known to be very close to her cousin, and she was pictured attending the Super Bowl with him in the US in February.  Harry and Meghan briefly visited the Queen at Windsor last month while en route to the Invictus Games in The Hague. The visit was not publicised and came a few weeks after the couple did not attend Prince Philip's memorial service at Westminster Abbey in late March. Harry was last reported to be in the UK in July 2021, when he appeared alongside his brother Prince William at a statue unveiling at Kensington Palace to mark what would have been Princess Diana's 60th birthday. DON'T MISS:Platinum Jubilee trifle recipe: The ingredients you need [RECIPE]Royal residences ranked: The one house more popular than Windsor [ANALYSIS]Royal Family quiz: Test your knowledge of Queen's family [INSIGHT]  Before she visited Windsor last month, Meghan was last thought to have been in the UK in 2020. Harry attended Prince Philip's funeral service in April 2021. Meghan was pregnant at the time so could not fly over. In an interview with Hoda Kotb for the TODAY show, Harry spoke fondly of his new life in California and said it felt like "home" to him now. He said: "Home for me now is, for the time being, it's in the States. And it really feels that way as well." 