 Princess Alexandra will step in for her cousin, the Queen, at today’s Buckingham Palace Garden Party. Alongside Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex, Alexandra will welcome thousands of guests for the event. Typically, the monarch would attend her annual Garden Parties, however, due to ongoing mobility issues, she decided to sit out this year’s much-anticipated celebrations.  Throughout Queen Elizabeth’s reign, Alexandra has often represented her at events both in the UK and around the world. As the Queen’s cousin, the princess was one of the bridesmaids at Her Majesty’s wedding to Prince Philip. The princess’ father was Prince George, Duke of Kent, the fourth son of King George V and Queen Mary; Alexandra's father was the brother of Queen Elizabeth II's father, King George VI. At the time of her birth, Princess Alexandra was sixth in line to the British throne, but now she is 54th in the line of succession.  The princess grew up alongside the Queen and her younger sister, Princess Margaret. She was said to have been particularly close to the monarch, and after the death of Margaret in 2002, became the “closest thing” the Queen had to a sister. Daisy McAndrew, a royal commentator, told the 2021 documentary, ‘Princess Alexandra: The Queen's Confidante’: “After Princess Margaret’s death, Alexandra was the closest thing that the Queen had to a sister. “She was somebody who has been a constant throughout her [the Queen’s] life, knows exactly what being a member of the Royal Family and a working royal is all about, and knows how it all works, knows where the bodies, knows how to behave and knows how to cheer the royal up and, in particular, to cheer the Queen up.”  Alexandra’s discretion over the years has garnered Her Majesty’s respect which in turn contributed to a loyal and important friendship. Hugo Vickers, a royal historian, said: “She [Alexandra] wouldn’t give away any secrets and that must be very special for the Queen, I think.” Christopher Warwick, author of ‘Her Majesty’, said: “Members of the Royal Family have always to be very cautious about who they befriend and who they can talk on a personal level with and, obviously, family members are those to whom the Queen would gravitate most naturally.” Ed Owens, royal historian and commentator, added: “The role of the Queen is an extremely lonely one. She doesn’t have many people in whom she can confide. DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry relationship timeline [REVEAL] Royal Family LIVE: 'Learning to know better' Harry speaks out [LIVE] Queen's relationship with William has 'improved' as views 'align' [INSIGHT]  “We know that she was close to the Duke of Edinburgh and, also, her sister, Princess Margaret. “But beyond those two, who else is part of this inner sanctum? “Well, she and Alexandra have spent decades growing up alongside one another, and I think Alexandra is very much one of those figures who has been there at times of difficulty but also been in the role of counsellor and advisor at times of crisis too.” Alexandra reportedly stepped up in the monarch’s time of need last year.  The princess and the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester took on more responsibilities when issues surrounding the Queen’s health came to light. It ended speculation that Alexandra, aged 85, was retiring from public duties. In the month when Her Majesty spent a night in hospital, Alexandra carried out nine engagements. Prior to this, Her Royal Highness had only conducted four engagements from January to August, and conducted a total of ten engagements in the entirety of 2020.  Princess Alexandra will join the monarch for the iconic royal scene during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations next month. Alongside other working members of the Royal Family, the princess will appear on Buckingham Palace balcony during the Queen’s birthday parade — also known as Trooping the Colour.