Mercedes CEO Ola Kallenius has recalled when the Mercedes-AMG One hypercar was given the green light and joked they must have been 'drunk'. In the five years since the project was announced and revealed in concept form, there have been multiple delays to bring the car to life, such as adapting the F1 engine, which is currently above the redline of most diesel engines (5000rpm), suitable for the road. Powered by a 1.6-litre turbocharged V6 and hybrid system from the company's championship-winning F1 cars, the AMG One was first rumoured to hit the road in early 2016, and revealed as the Project One prototype at the Frankfurt motor show in September 2017. While admitting it has been a tricky task to launch the car, Kallenuis said as quoted by Autocar: "The team at AMG and the [AMG] High Performance Powertrain Formula One arm came to us about four years ago and said ‘we’ve got a great idea, let’s put a Formula One engine into a road car. "I will have to go back to check the meeting minutes, but I’m sure we were drunk when we said yes." The car is set to have a power output beyond 1000 horsepower (735kW) for a top speed of 350km/h and production was set to begin in 2019. But the need to comply with strict WLTP emissions rules with a petrol particulate filter – without negatively impacting on the car’s performance, has pushed everything back. The car was finally rumoured to be released this year, and while it remains to be seen if this will become a reality, Kallenuis claimed news regarding the project is expected in the next fortnight. JUST IN: Mercedes have 'tricks up their sleeves' for Monaco after being buoyed by Spanish GP result   On the F1 track, Mercedes enjoyed their best weekend as a team this season, as George Russell took third place, while Lewis Hamilton recovered superbly from a crash on the opening lap to finish fifth. Team principal Toto Wolff said they have ‘reasons to believe’ they can challenge for the title despite their poor start.  Hamilton was also optimistic about the team's chances after the race. He added: “We've made a lot of improvements with the car. The race pace is much, much better… the car is much nicer in the race. This is a great sign we're going in the right direction. Without [my start], I would have been fighting the Red Bulls. "That gives me great hope that at some stage we'll be fighting for the win." In the driver’s standings, Russell now sits just 11 points behind Sergio Perez in fourth, with sixth placed Hamilton 11 points adrift of Carlos Sainz. Mercedes are comfortably third in the constructors race at present, leading fourth-place McLaren by 50 points and trailing second-place Ferrari by 49 points.  