People strive to lose weight for myriad reasons, and exercise can contribute to weight loss. Burning calories is an effective way to stay within a calorie deficit, and fitness experts at breakingmuscle.com have assessed a range of different exercises to discover the top 10 that burn the most calories in 30 minutes for a 30-year-old, 13.5st male and 30-year-old 8.9st female. The vertical climber is the most effective exercise to burn calories in 30 minutes, new research has revealed. On average, it burns 617 calories for men compared to 389 calories for women for 30 minutes of workout. The activity of climbing engages your entire body and is both a cardio and strength training exercise. This particular exercise also engages the hamstrings, glutes, quads, back, chest, core and arms and depending on the grip, can focus on different upper body muscles as someone is climbing upwards. For example, using an overhand grip, the same used for a pull-up, will target more of the upper back area. In comparison, if an underhand grip is used, the same grip used for a chin up, the biceps are targeted. READ MORE: Katherine Jenkins stays fit with 'sensible' diet but 'loves curvy' The second most effective exercise for burning calories is an all-out effort stationary cycle. This exercise results in 451 calories burnt in 30 minutes for men and 285 calories for women. Quads and hamstrings are typically targeted in a stationary cycle to help to build strength in the legs and lower body. When pedalling, abdominal muscles also contract to maintain balance – engaging this core muscle too. Coming in third was resistance strength training which can burn 371 calories for men and 234 for women. This exercise targets the major muscle groups such as the chest, back, legs, shoulders, biceps, triceps and core and it increases muscle strength by getting muscles to work against a weight or force. Resistance training can be completed using free weights, machines, resistance bands or simply body weight. DON'T MISS...Travel tips: Save £192 on family flights with clever booking trick [INSIDER]Paint expert shares number one colour to avoid painting your walls [EXCLUSIVE]Amanda Holden on the most 'flattering’ colours for 'mature' women [INTERVIEW] Body weight exercise circuits are the fourth most effective exercise as it burns 370 calories for men and 229 calories for women. This form of workout is all about simple abilities such as pulling, pushing, squatting, bending and balancing. Examples of exercises that use these abilities are push-ups, sit-ups and pull-ups. There are many benefits to body weight exercises including convenience as it requires no or minimal equipment and can be done at home, it suits all levels of abilities with the variations of exercises and it has many health benefits such as increased mobility and flexibility to utilise in everyday life. Running, on the other hand, at a 12 minute per mile pace for 30 minutes burns 365 calories for males and 222 calories for females, making it the fifth most effective exercise at burning calories. This exercise tones the body and works muscles including quads, calves, hamstrings and glutes. The sixth most effective exercise for burning calories is a boot camp class which can consist of various exercises and dance moves. Males burn 357 calories in this, just below a run, and females burn 220 calories. A boot camp is not only a cardio workout but also strength training as almost all muscle groups are used in a short burst of work. The muscles that are targeted in this form of exercise are the back, pectoral, leg, arm and core. Walking on a treadmill at five miles an hour, for 30 minutes burns 308 calories for males on average and 211 calories for women. The bigger incline, the more muscles such as thighs, quads and hamstrings will be worked, and more calories burnt. The eighth biggest calorie burning exercise is strength training. Traditional strength training with a three-minute rest between sets results in 217 calories burnt for men and 137 calories for women. This is an ideal exercise for anybody wanting to target one specific muscle. Strength training isolates muscles and works them using heavy weights or machines. Pilates is the ninth most effective exercise at burning calories in 30 minutes with 158 calories burnt for men and 100 calories burnt for women. This workout develops core strength by targeting the deep muscles in the abdomen, hips, lower back, buttocks and thighs. It is a low impact exercise in comparison to strength training for example, and it creates optimal strength through balance and alignment. Finally, yoga is the tenth most effective exercise with 113 calories burnt on average for men and 71 calories burnt for women. This workout improves balance, flexibility and strength. It also has many health benefits such as reducing inflammation in your body and alleviating lower back pain. A spokesperson for breakingmuscle.com commented on the findings: “In the modern world and its fast-paced culture, it is difficult to find the time for your exercise regime. “This research shows the best exercises to burn those calories in only 30 minutes and demonstrates there is a range of exercises and benefits to suit a variety of people on their journey to better health. “A huge benefit of these exercises is the number of calories burnt; however, they provide many other health benefits such as improving strength, mental well-being and overall happiness. “There is an exercise out there for everyone and it is exciting to find your perfect fit – or a variety of workouts.” 1. Vertical climber - 617 calories for men / 389 calories for women 2. Stationary cycle - 451 calories for men / 285 calories for women 3. Resistance strength training - 371 calories for men / 234 for women 4. Body weight exercise circuits - 70 calories for men / 229 calories for women 5. Running - 365 calories for men / 222 calories for women 6. Boot camp classes - 357 calories for men / 220 calories for women 7. Treadmill walking - 308 calories for men / 211 calories for women 8. Traditional strength training - 217 calories for men / 137 calories for women 9. Pilates - 158 calories for men / 100 calories for women 10. Yoga -  113 calories for men / 71 calories for women