A study published in the National Library of Medicine aimed to investigate the clinical efficacy of rosemary oil in the treatment of androgenetic alopecia and compare its effects with minoxidil. The NHS says: “Finasteride and minoxidil are the main treatments for male pattern baldness. Minoxidil can also be used to treat female pattern baldness.”  Other hair loss treatments include steroid injections and creams, as well as immunotherapy. Some people also choose to have a hair transplant, which is when hair is removed from the back of the head and moved to thinning patches. The researchers found no significant change was observed in the mean hair count at the three month endpoint, neither in the rosemary nor in the minoxidil group. “In contrast, both groups experienced a significant increase in hair count at the six-month endpoint compared with the baseline and three-month endpoint,” it states. READ MORE: Bowel cancer: Deborah James on initial symptoms - ‘I knew there was something wrong'  The Cleveland Clinic says: “It is important to note that premenopausal women should not take medications for hair loss treatment without using contraception. “Many drugs, including minoxidil and finasteride, are not safe for pregnant women or women who want to get pregnant.” The Mayo Clinic states: “You might want to try various hair care methods to find one that makes you feel better about how your hair looks. “For example, use styling products that add volume, colour your hair, choose a hairstyle that makes a widening part less noticeable, or use wigs or extensions. Always handle your hair gently.”  The NHS also warns: “See a GP to get a clear idea about what's causing your hair loss before thinking about going to a commercial hair clinic.” Hair is primarily made of a protein called keratin that also makes nails and forms the outer protective layer of skin. The NHS says that some types of hair loss are permanent, such as male and female pattern baldness. It's estimated, for instance, that around 40 percent of women aged 70 years or over experience female-pattern baldness. Hair loss can be caused by illness, stress, weight loss, some cancer treatment, and iron deficiency. Repeatedly losing and regaining weight can also have an impact on your hair, causing it to become brittle.  For older women, hormonal changes that are linked to menopause also contribute to hair loss. Moreover, as we grow older, there is a tendency for our hair fibres to become finer and shorter and we may experience hair loss or greying. There are some nutrients that are necessary for healthy hair, and certain diets which may help keep your hair healthy. It is very normal to lose hair, as we can lose between 50 and 100 hairs a day, often without noticing.   If daily hair loss is any greater than 100 hairs per day, gradual thinning may occur. This often becomes increasingly noticeable in later years, when hair growth slows down. It adds that a GP should be able to tell you what's causing your hair loss by looking at your hair. Some wigs are available on the NHS, but you may have to pay unless you qualify for financial help. The NHS says that hair loss is not usually anything to be worried about, but occasionally it can be a sign of a medical condition. 