Max Verstappen has aimed a low blow at his bitter 2021 rival Lewis Hamilton about the struggling Mercedes star's problematic season in the W13 car, drawing comparisons with George Russell's better fortunes. Hamilton's new team-mate has shown greater consistency during a difficult spell away from the front of the grid for Mercedes. The seven-time world champion is currently seventh in the drivers' championship, 21 points behind Russell and trailing leader Charles Leclerc by 58. While Russell has been getting every last drop out of the far-from-perfect W13, finishing in P4, P3, P5 and P4 so far, Hamilton could only manage P10 in Saudi Arabia and P13 in Imola last time out. He received a stinging reality check during the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix, with race winner Verstappen, toe-to-toe battling for the world title just six months ago, lapping him on his way to victory. And the Dutchman couldn't help but aim a sly dig at Hamilton, suggesting Russell's consistency is proving his woes might not completely be the car's fault. He told the Telegraph: "To be honest, it wasn't something I was enjoying at the time. I was just focused on my race, on getting through the traffic as cleanly as possible and winning. I mean, it wasn't like I was, 'Oh, I'm lapping Lewis, what an amazing feeling.' I had great battles with Lewis last year. Now he's in a car which is not so great. Having said that, of course, George [Russell] does finish fourth in that car. So it [the W13] is not all horrific right?" JUST IN: Miami GP track fears raised which could Lewis Hamilton and Verstappen Hamilton has dropped points to Russell in the last three races after profiting from late Red Bull reliability failures to snatch a podium finish on the opening weekend in Bahrain. He endured a horrendous qualifying session in Saudi Arabia due to a late setup change before Russell profited from pitting under a safety car in Australia after trailing the 37-year-old in qualifying and the race. Last time out in Italy, Russell was fasted in qualifying before zooming upfield from 11th to sixth in the race. A slow Mercedes pit-stop added to his struggles to break a DRS train, left Hamilton stranded in the midfield and 1s-per-lap slower than his young teammate in clear air. READ MORE: Chadwick on 'carrying responsibility' for female stars with F1 dreams Despite earning plaudits for his debut season as a full-time Mercedes driver so far, Russell has admitted he's suffering from the W13's issues just as badly as Hamilton. He has suggested his struggles at Williams in recent years could have helped him adapt to such a troublesome time for the Silver Arrows. "When things have been more stable, Lewis has still been massively fast," Russell explained. "We are equally struggling. When the car is so far out of bed, and it's not in the right window, it doesn't really feel like a proper racing car to drive. Perhaps with my struggles at Williams with very difficult cars, maybe that's helped in some small regard." 