E10 petrol is being used by motorists across the UK after its introduction at pumps in 2021. But drivers have noticed that E10 is setting them back more - so why is this the case? E10 isn’t actually more expensive at the pump when you buy, with E5 and E10 both coming under unleaded prices. But the fuel economy of E10 is lower, meaning more fuel is needed to travel the same distance than on a tank of E5. E10 petrol is 2.3 percent less efficient than its predecessor, according to a new report by GoCompare. READ MORE: Oil prices crash: Relief for motorists as cost of crude falls by 6 percent What's more, research by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) showed a three to four percent reduction in fuel economy using E10 compared with pure oil-based petrol. What Car? magazine conducted its own tests on E10 bioethanol fuel against pure petrol, and found a reduction in fuel economy ranging from six to 11.5 percent. It also found cars with larger engines suffered less than those with smaller engines. Based on the GoCompare findings, at the current average price of petrol, this equates to an eye-watering additional cost of £1.7billion to UK vehicle owners. This is more than triple the government estimate of £701 million. In 2021, drivers travelling the national average of 8,000 miles will have paid around £866 for petrol. This year, that has risen to £1,168 - an increase of £302. Even after the Government implemented a temporary cut to fuel duty by 5p per litre, prices remain far higher than at this time last year. DON'T MISSDrivers will need 'more support' after new Transport Bill announced [INSIGHT]Motorist branded an 'idiot' after their parking blocks door to house [REPORT]Drivers may be offered a free cup of tea to ditch cars for the bus [INSIGHT] Ryan Fulthorpe, motoring expert at GoCompare told Express.co.uk: “Unfortunately, in the midst of a fuel crisis, we are also realising the impact of the switch to E10 petrol on motorists' pockets. “Getting fewer miles per gallon means spending more to drive the same distance. Coupled with the climbing cost of fuel, this is a real blow to car owners. “As a greener fuel, the shift to E10 is said to have the same impact as removing 350,000 cars off the road and will go a long way to support the UK bioethanol industry, which is sure to be a key future player in sustainable fuel. “Yet, rather than subsidising and supporting this industry, the price has been pushed onto the consumer. “In the meantime, drivers should think carefully about how they manage their petrol money. "Walking or cycling where possible to decrease driven mileage will not only save you money on fuel, but can also bring your car insurance premium down."