TUI passengers received a text message to say their flight was cancelled after they had arrived at the airport. A passenger named Helen explained it was “utter, utter chaos”. She said: “The police had to come in and make an announcement, a holidaymaker was arrested and in handcuffs. “I wouldn’t expect this from Manchester Airport and certainly not from TUI. It’s disgusting," she told Manchester Evening News. TUI told Express.co.uk: "The half-term holidyas are always an incredibly busy period with many customers looking to get away. We'd like to apologise to customers impacted by cancellations and delays this weekend, caused by various operational and supply chain issues. "We'd like to reassure customers that we are doing everything we can to minimise delays and would like to thank them for their patience and understanding during this time." Meanwhile another passenger @Nicbeavs, tweeted: “I am in Rhodes after a 34 hour delay with no luggage!” Manchester Airport tweeted yesterday: “We are aware of challenges being faced by a number of airlines and handling agents, which is leading to delays at check in and baggage reclaim for some passengers. READ MORE: Portugal warning: British tourists given passport warning “Airlines and their ground handlers are responsible for their own check in and baggage handling services. “Passengers are advised to direct any questions or concerns about these issues, or anything relating to their flight to their airline, who will be best placed to respond. “However, this is not the experience we want passengers to have at Manchester airport and we are sorry to hear customers have faced disruption. “We are in contact with the senior management teams of the relevant airlines and ground handlers to understand the cause of these issues, and to support their efforts to resolve them as quickly as possible. “Our colleagues are on hand in the terminal to provide assistance to customers and we are working hard to ensure security waiting times are as quick as possible. “It remains our advice that passengers should arrive three hours before their flight and to be as prepared as they can be for their journey through the airport.” Jamie Hartley tweeted: “Honestly they might be better just shutting Manchester airport down for good.” Helen Kershaw tweeted: “I arrived back at Manchester airport yesterday and it’s a disgrace! “Operations in the airport is disgusting we saw a captain of a TUI flight loading baggage! “Not sure we can blame airlines entirely.” Another passenger shared a photo on Twitter of what they claimed was abandoned luggage. Another said: “Manchester airport has been a nightmare for years but the current situation is worse than ever.“I’m dreading the fact that I might have to go there in September.” Another tweeted: “Terminal 2 is a complete shambles. Queueing for everything. Bars, restaurants, even toilets. “40 minutes to get in the Aspire lounge, go to order only to be told it’s cash only. S*.” One person said: “The thought of travelling through Manchester Airport with two kids if giving me major anxiety. “Flight tracker shows that the flight has been delayed, every day for the past five days!”