Since being sworn in as the 46th President of the US last year Joe Biden’s popularity with the public has been rocked by a number of decisions taken by himself and his Democrat administration. In recent months Mr Biden has been wrestling to regain the levels of favour he enjoyed when he ran for election and defeated his rival Donald Trump. According to the most up to date poll provided by Real Clear Politics Mr Biden has an approval rating of 42.6 percent - correct as of May 9. From April 24 his score has been recovering somewhat though since the start of this year it has ranked no higher than 43.1 percent. In comparison 52.3 percent of the people who took part in the survey answered that they disapprove of the job Mr Biden is doing. READ MORE: GB News: Farage mocks ‘extraordinary’ scenes from EU Parliament  Elsewhere, YouGov has listed their most recent approval rating (April 28) for the US President at 45.7 percent. Their research involved surveying between 1,162 and 2,502 US registered voters and asked the question: “Do you approve or disapprove of the way Joe Biden is handling his job as President?” Both polls demonstrate that since last August the number of people who disapprove of Mr Biden as US President has overtaken those who do approve of him. Indeed, since this point the incumbent President has been unable to turn the tide back in his favour.  When Mr Biden’s approval rating swung last summer the US, UK and a number of their allies were coordinating the withdrawal of troops from Afghanistan. In the build-up to the operational shutdown, the Taliban had been able to re-capture large swathes of the country, which would eventually include the capital Kabul. That development sparked a humanitarian crisis with thousands of Afghan civilians looking to escape the country and avoid living under a Taliban regime once more. DON'T MISS: Lord Frost urges Boris to trigger Article 16 as he slams EU negotiator [NEWS]Russian troops WIPE OUT own unit in friendly fire fiasco  [INSIGHT]Russian journalists’ rebel on Victory Day with anti-Putin articles [EXPLAINER]  Troops who had yet to leave the Middle Eastern country helped to organise evacuation flights in chaotic conditions, with 13 US soldiers killed by an attack outside Kabul airport. Criticism was later aimed on both sides of the Atlantic for the disorderly withdrawal and how the Taliban were allowed to reclaim power. Mr Biden has also had to contend with soaring inflation, rising fuel prices and the ongoing Covid pandemic. Last month it was announced that the US economy had unexpectedly contracted for the first time since 2020.  A fall in popularity for Mr Biden could hand the initiative to his Republican rival Donald Trump ahead of the next Presidential Election in 2024. Though Mr Trump has yet to formally announce his candidacy he’s not stopped fundraising since moving from Washington DC to his Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida. The 75-year-old is thought to have amassed a war chest of more than $100m (£81m) with which he could help boost support from within the Republican Party. 