Mohamed Salah has been warned by Gabriel Agbonlahor that his Instagram post after Real Madrid reached the Champions League final could "come back to bite him". Salah claimed "we have a score to settle" following Real's dramatic semi-final comeback win over Manchester City on Wednesday. The victory set up a final against Liverpool in Paris on May 28. The two sides faced off in the 2018 final, with Real running out 3-1 winners. The match will be remembered for two calamitous errors from Liverpool goalkeeper Loris Karius as well as Salah being forced off injured in the first half following a challenge from Sergio Ramos. Salah clearly wants revenge on the La Liga giants. But former Aston Villa captain Agbonlahor has questioned the Egyptians post on social media. He says Real will be refreshed and ready for the match in Paris and showed against City they are more than capable of coming out on top. READ MORE: Man City boss Pep Guardiola shares theory behind last-gasp meltdown vs Real Madrid  Agbonlahor said on talkSPORT: "I think [Liverpool] will be [delighted]. But I wouldn't be over delighted. "Mo Salah posted on Instagram last night like he's got a score to settle, he posted that on his Instagram. And I'm thinking sometimes that can come back to bite you. "Real Madrid are no mugs, last night they showed that they were the better team for most of the game for me. They've still got some good players. "And they can rest all their players now for three weeks, three-and-a-half weeks. The La Liga's won, so they probably won't play again now for three weeks. DON'T MISSMarcus Rashford's price tag at Man Utd has changed by £90m as two rivals eye deal [TRANSFERS]Ten Hag may approve four shirt number changes at Man Utd including Fernandes [OPINION]Man City mocked by Spartak Moscow after Real Madrid's dramatic Champions League win [SOCIAL]  "Get your feet up, get massages, a little bit of training. Liverpool have got to play their best team every game." Liverpool survived their own scare on Tuesday to eventually overcome Villarreal 5-2 on aggregate to reach their third final in five seasons. Salah admitted to BT Sport after the match that he preferred to play against Real. He said: "I want to play Madrid, I have to be honest. City’s a really tough team, we played against them a few times this season. If you ask me personally I would prefer Madrid. “Because we lost in the final before against them. So I want to play against them, hopefully win it against them as well.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here