In households across the UK, the washing machine is one of the most-used household appliances. Despite this, according to research conducted by kitchen experts at AEG, 63 percent of Britons have admitted to leaving their washing machine "longer" than recommended before cleaning. The experts say that washing machines should be cleaned every two to three weeks. This doesn't just mean a basic wipe down. Residents should also be tackling inside their machine, as well as removing the detergent drawer. Nicki Rodriguez, also known as the Essex House Dolly, has warned that failure to tackle these areas could leave to damaging "build-ups". She explained: “You should always remove the drawer fully and clean inside the drawer slot which can gather excess detergent and fabric conditioner which, if left to build up, will stop your machine functioning properly.” READ MORE: When to plant bulbs: Simple test to check if your bulbs will flower Experts from RealHomes have shared a "basic" method for cleaning the inside of your washing machine. According to RealHomes, the key ingredient to tackling this chore is "very hot water". They explained: "The first thing to know about cleaning a washing machine is that very hot water will do a lot of the job for you. DON'T MISSAlan Titchmarsh on what to do with ‘tatty’ daffodils after flowering [COMMENT]Popular cleaning hack queries answered by 'cleanflueners' [INSIGHT]Prince Charles: Inside 'very special' Welsh home  [REVEALED] "So, if you've never cleaned your washing machine, just pop it on the hottest cycle it's got with no clothes in it. "You can use a washing machine cleaner or a bit of laundry detergent, but even just near-boiling water should give you a clean(er) washing machine." However, in order to properly deep clean inside your washing machine, you will need to remove all of the durable elements. These should be popped into a basin of warm soapy water and left to soak. You can use a toothbrush or a bottle-cleaner to reach all parts of the drawer and drawer housing. After cleaning, let the drawer dry before reassembling. Make sure to give the detergent drawer housing a wipe down with a damp cloth before replacing the drawer.c