Kate Middleton and Prince William visited Port Glasgow today. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge visited St. John’s Primary School and photographs showed Kate snuggling up to a 10-month-old baby and taking part in a few activities with the school children. For the occasion, the royal chose a blue shirt and blue trousers. To combat the cooler Scottish temperatures, Kate wore a long navy Catherine Walker coat. This is a favourite in the Duchess’ wardrobe having chosen it many times over the last year. After taking off her coat and settling inside, Kate’s blouse could be seen in further detail. It is said to be the Riley Funnel Neck Blouse in Cornflower Blue from brand Cefinn. Cefinn is Samantha Cameron’s - former Prime Minister David Cameron’s wife - fashion label. READ MORE: Kate Middleton’s hair trick to look 'youthful' and 'bring attention' Kate has not worn this brand in the past, but she likes to champion British designers and high street labels. According to Cefinn’s website, the blouse is one of their “bestsellers”. It currently retails for £170 and is available in seven other colours. “Our glamorous-meets-demure hero blouse now comes in even more colours,” the description read. “Cornflower and Petrol Blues flatter all skin tones and look equally stylish with jeans or tailoring. “And if you’re looking to turn heads at a business meeting or event, pair Emerald or Crimson with a black suit for a strikingly chic look.” Royal POLL: Would you accept King Charles as regent this year? [VOTE]Meghan's 'money spinner' plans for cancelled Netflix show exposed [CLAIM]'Cringe de la cringe' Harry mocked for wearing ‘girl dad’ T-shirt [REACTION] Kate’s earrings are said to be the Annoushka Baroque Pearl Drop earrings suspended from Kiki McDonough gold and diamond hoops. The pearl drops are two freshwater pearls which have been “hand selected for their even shape and warm, creamy lustre”, and suspended on 18ct yellow gold rings. They are priced at £395 and available to buy directly. The website explains how “the enchanting detachable pearls” can be “easily added to an earring of choice”. The exact hoops Kate suspends the pearls from are Kiki McDonough’s Channel-set Diamond Mini Hoop Earrings in 18ct Yellow Gold. This isn’t the first time Kate has paired the pearls with the gold and diamond hoops, in fact, they are a regular earring choice for the Duchess. Royal fans commented on Kate and William’s appearance. One tweeted: “Lovely pictures,” and someone else agreed: “As these pictures are so lovely.” A third added: "Totally in love with Kate's working look for today!!" Another said: "Kate Middleton is elegant."  During their visit, the Duke and Duchess met with teachers and students, and viewed a Roots of Empathy session which involved pupils interacting with a mother and her young baby as they learn how to build their understanding of the baby’s needs and emotions. The royal couple also spoke with some of the older students who have completed the programme to hear their thoughts and experiences, and understand how the sessions have benefitted them. Roots of Empathy is an early intervention programme run by Action for Children which has been developed to help children aged 5-13 build empathy. At the end of the session, Kate asked the children: "Do you think lots of schools should have a programme like this." After the 35 kids all sang out "yes", Kate reportedly turned to William and responded saying: "We do too." Kate and William also visited the Wheatley Group site in Kennishead. They got to see first-hand how they are transforming the lives of disadvantaged or vulnerable people, including those at risk of homelessness.