Tyrone (played by Alan Halsall) has been struggling to come to terms with the fact the love of his life Fiz (Jennie McAlpine), has moved in with boyfriend Phill (Jamie Kenna) with their two children. Wanting her to know the truth before she made any concrete decisions, he revealed how he missed her and the girls being together. Fiz went ahead with her move but as Tyrone tries to win her back, will Phill catch wind of his plan and murder his love rival? The much-loved soap couple split up in April 2021 after Tyrone had an affair with Alina Pop (Ruxandra Porojnicu). After getting over her heartbreak, Fiz moved on with Phill and planned to leave the cobbles for a new life with him and her daughters. However, in upcoming scenes, Tyrone and Fiz share a moment with one another after he suggests she stay to watch their favourite TV programme together for old times' sake. Being a gentleman and still having respect for her, Tyrone offers to take Fiz home, and she is touched, admitting she never had this trouble when she lived at No.9. READ MORE: Outlander theory: Jamie Fraser ghost explained in fortune teller clue They soon pull up outside Fiz’s new house, and she offers to show him around. Is the spark returning for the pair? Tyrone could take up Fiz's offer to look around the house, but if Phill returns home to see his girlfriend's ex-boyfriend in their home, how will he react? Wanting Tyrone out of their lives for good, Phill could take his revenge on the mechanic and confront him about his intentions with Fiz. If a confrontation erupts between the two, things could get out of hand and end up with Phill killing Tyrone in a rage of jealousy. However, Phill will have to be careful about how he gets rid of Tyrone as he wouldn't want Fiz to know the truth. The newcomer has clearly enjoyed having a hold over the factory worker and will want to ensure she doesn't leave after Tyrone's death. In previous scenes, Fiz admitted to Tyrone she had some doubts about moving away from the cobbles after 20 years. However, Tyrone made a selfless move as he told Fiz she deserved a new start and tried to point out all the benefits moving to the new place would bring for her and the girls. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Carla Connor murdered as Peter takes revenge [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: George Shuttleworth makes a costly mistake [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Faye Windass to become Toyah's surrogate [MORE] Producer Iain MacLeod promised at the beginning of the year fans could expect more clashes between the love rivals. He teased he is "constantly on the lookout for when the earliest [opportunity] is for Tyrone and Phill to have another ludicrous fight". "There's lots more comedy feuding between those two men and a long, brilliant and complicated story," Iain shared. "Once you've been hurt and humiliated like Fiz has, even if you find yourself wanting your ex back, is it that straightforward? Will pride, and your family, let you?" "I think it's going to be a cracking year for that household." It could be Phill will give Fiz no option but to stay with him as he threatens to take Tyrone's life. Fiz wouldn't want her ex to be harmed but if Phill were to spot them together as they care for their daughters, he could jump to conclusions. Will Phill and Tyrone's final clash end with the mechanic left for dead? Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.