Isaac Baptise (played by Stevie Basaula) recently departed EastEnders to look after his sick mother Sheree Trueman (Suzette Llewellyn). Lola Pearce (Danielle Harold) wasn’t happy with the news but was reassured by her boyfriend that he would return. However, Isaac’s change of heart could lead to repercussions for his family back in Walford. In upcoming scenes, Lola is heartbroken when she finds out Isaac has met someone else. The teacher won’t be returning to Walford as he had originally planned. It’s likely Isaac told his father Patrick Trueman (Rudolph Walker) the news about his decision to stay. Patrick, Denise Fox (Diane Parish) and Kim Fox (Tameka Empson) were not thrilled with the idea of Isaac leaving to take care of his mother. Will the Walford family end up blaming each other over Isaac’s change of heart questioning whether they could have done more to convince him to stay? Read more: EastEnders theory: Rapist Lewis goes on the run after Ben assault Although Isaac is claiming a new love interest is what has inspired his decision, EastEnders viewers will remember Sheree manipulated her son. Could she have tricked Isaac into believing Lola isn’t the right woman for him and set him up with someone else? If Patrick discovers Sheree is at fault, the concerned father may begin to worry about the influence his son’s mother has over him. Will the Fox sisters be able to convince Patrick that Isaac is safe? Meanwhile, Honey Mitchell (Emma Barton) upsets Lola further when she overhears news of Isaac’s departure. She gloats about how great her partner and Lola’s ex Jay Brown (Jamie Borthwick) is. Later, Lola spots Frankie Lewis (Rose Ayling-Ellis inviting Jay to Clara’s (Emily Eaton Plowright) photography exhibition. She suspects something is going on between the two and turns up at the event. DON'T MISSEastEnders theory: Frankie embarks on affair as couple torn apart [INSIGHT]EastEnders theory: Stuart and Rainie torn apart after Dotty betrayal [THEORY]EastEnders theory: Arthur in terrifying kidnap plot as Jean returns [SPOILER] Clara isn’t happy to see Frankie stealing her thunder but the budding photographer is left horrified when Lola barges in. She accuses Jay of cheating with Frankie leaving the Queen Vic barmaid humiliated. Clara revels in the drama while the car salesman insists nothing is going on between him and Frankie. Lola subsequently breaks down and admits Isaac has dumped her after finding someone else. Elsewhere, Mr Lister (Nick Wilton) offers to take Honey for a drink but she pretends she’s busy and rushes off. Lola tries to make things up to Frankie and offers to take her for a drink. The pair bond and the mum-of-one is surprised when Frankie admits wanting to sell her photography equipment because she doesn’t have any work. Lola encourages her to keep the items and tells her she doesn’t need to compare her success to Clara. Is this the beginning of a blossoming friendship between the two Walford women? EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.