Prince Harry has so far failed to confirm whether he and Meghan Markle will be returning to the UK in June to help the Queen celebrate her Platinum Jubilee. The Duke of Sussex last month said he was still unsure whether he would reunite with his family, citing "security and everything else". But biographer Angela Levin questioned the failure to confirm his return, suggesting the Duke was attempting to "manipulate" the Jubilee celebrations. Speaking to TalkTV, Ms Levin said: "Harry's said it was 'security and everything else' that's stopping him. "What everything else can it be? I hate people who manipulate like that. Ever manipulating, ever putting themselves at the front, and all about me. "What about the Queen, for goodness' sake? We now know she might not even be able to get onto the balcony. "Very, very sad they've turned like that, it's a great disappointment." READ THE LATEST UPDATES ON EXPRESS.CO.UK'S ROYAL FAMILY LIVE BLOG She continued: "What I feel very upset about is that [the Jubilee] is only a month away and anybody knows you need to be polite about these things. "Especially for royals, they need some sort of protection, they need somewhere to stay, and the seating plan needs to be changed. "But they're not telling them they're coming and I think that's a way of being popular. "People want to know what they're doing, when are they coming, are they coming?" READ MORE: Prince Charles vows to protect historic trees to mark mother's Jubilee The author, who spent months in the company of Prince Harry whilst writing his biography, added: "So they're taking the focus away from the real Royal Family, and actually playing games about, 'will we, won't we?' "And that's very unkind – they must know if they can come. They have the money to come. "The Queen and the Government have bent over backward to give them the security they want. "But oh, no, they've got to play this game that they're still not sure." DON'T MISS Beatrice and Eugenie shut out of roles despite brokering Harry visit [INSIGHT] Prince William erupted at photographer during outing with children [REPORT] Prince William target of Prince Harry's controversial protection swipe [REVEAL] The Duke of Sussex reunited for the first time with the Queen since last April before heading to The Netherlands for the Invictus Games. In an interview with NBC, Prince Harry said: "Being with her, it was great. "It was just so nice to see her, you know, she's on great form, she's always got a great sense of humor with me and I'm making sure she's protected and got the right people around her." He also insisted California had now become his home "for the time being". Prince Harry continued: "Both Meghan and I had tea with her so it was nice to catch up with her. Home for me now is for the time being is in the States and it feels that way as well. "We've been welcomed with open arms and we have such a great community up in Santa Barbara."