Jack Grealish has come under fire after he randomly mocked Newcastle's Miguel Almiron during Manchester City Premier League title party. The £100million man was one of the stars of the show as Pep Guardiola's players paraded the trophy around Manchester before celebrations continued long into the night on stage and at their own private party.  Grealish was at the front and centre of the camaraderie as he continued to down beers throughout the evening, whilst also sporting a croaky voice. But Newcastle fans believe he crossed the line during an Instagram video with Bernardo Silva, where he openly criticised the Magpies' attacking midfielder Almiron. When asked what Manchester City's secrets were to the 3-2 win over Aston Villa, Grealish said: “Riyad [Mahrez]: take him off as soon as possible… he played like [Miguel] Almiron. "Number two, he's been so good this season [Bernardo] but get him off the pitch. Off!" READ MORE: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp thanks Aston Villa during classy message to Man City Bernardo then added: "Number three, keep Jack Grealish on the f****** bench..." Paraguayan journalist Roberto Rojas was not impressed by Grealish's comments and like many others, found them unnecessarily disrespectful. Rojas tweeted: "Don’t understand why Grealish had to compare Mahrez to Almiron by slagging him off, that sounds very unprofessional. "I totally understand Jack has been joking around with his fellow teammates being drunk (rightly so, he just won the Premier League so all credit to that) and I’m sure in the end he doesn’t mean it, but it just seems a bit weird to call out another player on another team IMO." DON'T MISSEdinson Cavani gives fan middle finger in altercation after forgetful Man Utd farewellLiverpool fans 'scammed' as Anfield celebrated third Aston Villa goal during Wolves winEverton star Richarlison trolls Liverpool after final-day Premier League title agony Newcastle fans also share the same view as one Manchester City supporter (@ManCitty9320) wrote: "Nah, that was wrong from Grealish, he can joke with Mahrez but shouldn’t disrespect other players." A Newcastle supporter (@SpewingMagpie) added: "I’d rather play like Almiron than act like Grealish." @ToonsPolls also wrote: "Anyway, wrongly or rightly, I feel a bit defensive over Almiron. Regardless of how good or bad he is, he’s our player and he’s having the p*** taken out of him publicly. And I don’t like it. And it makes me want Joelinton or Big Dan Burn to pay City’s bench a visit next season." A third Newcastle fan posted (@kendallrowanx) posted: "Doesn’t matter if Jack Grealish is “right” about Miguel Almiron or not (he’s not). Point is, there’s no beef there, you don’t say it, it’s rude & unprofessional & just makes you look like a prized aubergine, especially when you cost £100m and only have 2 more goals." Speaking on Sunday after City's sensational comeback against his former side, Grealish admitted his emotions got the better of him after his side's sublime turnaround that secured their sixth Premier League title. “Honestly it’s unbelievable. After the third goal went in I ran on the pitch then I ran down the tunnel just crying my eyes out. As a kid all you want to do is play in the Premier League, then you want to win it," he said. “We know with our quality we can beat anyone, which we did in the last 20 minutes or so. (It means) everything. When I signed friends and family asked me ‘what do you actually want to win?’ and for me I’ve always wanted the Premier League. “It (playing for City) is more difficult than I thought, but I’ve enjoyed every minute. I stepped out of my comfort zone, new changing room, new surroundings. It has been difficult, but this today makes up for it.”