The shops, which rely on Ukraine for sunflower oil and Russia for white fish, may face a massive price hike in supplies before ingredients run out. Business leaders have warned that unless the Government creates a "long-term strategy" over the food shortage, a third of the nation's 10,500 chippies could close. The National Federation of Fish Friers (NFFF) says key ingredients for a traditional fish and chip meal are so deeply affected by Russia's invasion, shops have been forced to change their menus, raise prices, or, in the worst instance, close down. The group says 50 percent of sunflower oil used by British shops comes from war-ravaged Ukraine, while the price of alternatives like rapeseed and palm oil have rocketed. Up to 40 percent of cod and haddock comes from Russia and Britain's sanctions on its white fish will make North Sea supplies scarcer and dearer. Fertiliser for potatoes - mainly from Russia - has tripled in price and the flour used for fish batter mixes is also sourced from the region. The global shortage of ingredients means costs are surging as profit margins dwindle. One worried business is Knight's in Glastonbury, Somerset, which has been trading since the reign of Queen Victoria and is thought to be one of the UK's oldest family-run chippies. It has survived two world wars and recessions, but Covid, the cost-of-living crisis - and now the conflict in Ukraine - have hit it very hard. Its manager, George Morley, 29, said: "Will there be enough fish if we refuse to keep buying Russian white fish? It's a real big concern." "Will we have to consider finding another product for the menu to replace fish and chips - could the impact be that extreme?" "I think if prices keep increasing, it may be a thing we keep in mind."  Mr Morley added: "We have to prepare ourselves for the worst times ahead and I think it's possibly the biggest challenge the fish and chip industry has faced ever." One businessman, James Lipscombe, who owns 40 fish and chip shops across the country, has already taken action. He has diversified his stock range, adding fish less often served such as hake to the menu, to offer his regular customers more affordable meals. But Mr Lipscombe admitted: "I've never seen anything like it." "I'm seeing a swathe of fish and chip shop closures across the UK." "Week on week I am seeing shops shut and it's a really sad state of affairs. We have done this as a really long time as a family. Nearly 100 years we've been involved in this industry." "It's sad to see what's happening, through no fault of these businesses." The National Federation of Fish Friers' president, Andrew Crook, says many of his members believe those in power "do not care" about the potential harm their sector is facing. He said: "We need action before long-term damage is done that can't be repaired."  He added: "We aren't after handouts. We are a proud industry." "But a lot of businesses will go to the wall and we need a long-term strategy to see us through." A Government spokesman said ministers would "continue to speak with the industry body, the National Federation of Fish Friers, and other sector representatives about current pressures they face".