The Duke and Duchess of Sussex will reunite with the rest of the firm on Friday, June 3 for the St Paul's Cathedral Jubilee service. In order to welcome the pair back into the fold, royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams said it wouldn't be surprising if the monarch extended a special welcome to them. The service will mark the first time in two years that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will be seen alongside the entire firm. It will also be the largest gathering of royals since Harry and Meghan's wedding in 2018 - before the pair left to start a new life in the US. Royal fans will be watching closely as the pair attend the event to mark the Queen's 70th year on the throne. Royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams predicted that the Queen will go out of her way to welcome her grandson and his wife next week.  He said the monarch may even give a "special gesture" to the couple in order to make them feel included in the historic event. Earlier this month, it was revealed that Harry and Meghan would not be joining other senior royals on the Buckingham Palace balcony during the Trooping the Colour event that kicks off the Platinum Jubilee weekend. Only senior serving royals such as Prince William, Prince Charles, Princess Anne and Prince Edward are invited to appear on the balcony. Because of this, Mr Fitzwilliams said the Queen is likely to want to make sure the pair don't feel left out. READ MORE: Queen in heartbreaking admission about heavy cost of duty He told MailOnline: "Given the fact that there will be worldwide interest in their appearance, it would not be surprising if a special welcome was extended to them in some form by the Queen. "She specialises in kindly gestures and this is important". During Harry and Meghan's bombshell interview with Oprah Winfrey, the Duchess detailed the kind gestures from Her Majesty that made her feel part of the family. She spoke about "beautiful" jewellery the Queen gave her, as well as sharing her blanket during a royal engagement when the Meghan was cold. DON'T MISS: Queen to offer 'one great historic glimpse of her' at Jubilee [INSIGHT]London school kicks off Platinum Jubilee celebrations [COMMENT]Queen title: The four royal titles you didn't know the Queen has [ANALYSIS] Mr Fitzwilliams said: "The Queen has stressed that they are much loved members of the royal family but their presence was always going to be controversial". The Queen is believed to have maintained a close relationship with her youngest grandson since he stepped down from his role as a senior royal. The pair made a surprise visit to Windsor Castle to visit the 96-year-old monarch last month. Following the meeting, Harry spoke in an interview about the "special" relationship they both share.