Yet, amid the patriotic joy, there is one group of wreckers who aim to undermine the festivities for their own ends. In a move that smacks of blackmail, the RMT transport union is now planning a major strike on the Underground network during the Jubilee Bank Holiday just when tens of thousands of people will be hoping to gather in the heart of the capital to honour Elizabeth II. General Secretary Mick Lynch claims his members have been forced to challenge bullying by Transport for London and warns that, unless management backs down, there will be “significant disruption” of Tube services, particularly at the key stations near Buckingham Palace. The RMT’s threat is a cynical abuse of monopolistic power to maximise public frustration and cause panic among transport bosses. There is not a shred of justification for this stoppage. Tube drivers are among the aristocracy of labour, enjoying lavish pay, pensions and perks. Their basic salary is £56,000 but, with overtime and allowances, the total packages are worth far more. Last November, it was reported that three Underground drivers had earned up to £100,000, while no fewer than 3,045 of them had received between £70,000 and £80,000. It is laughable to pretend that these are downtrodden workers struggling for their basic rights. Most commuters earn far less than them and will be feeling the cost-of-living crisis more sharply. What the RMT is doing has nothing to do with social justice and everything to do with the exploitation of its privileged position. Sadly, the potential London Underground stoppage is just part of a wider programme of planned mayhem by the 40,000 RMT members, who are currently being balloted for industrial action over job losses and pension changes, as the rail industry seeks to balance the books in the face of a vast exodus of passengers since the Covid pandemic. At the weekend, Mick Lynch said in tones of destructive relish that “a rail strike will bring the country to a standstill”, reaching from “the north of Scotland to the tip of Cornwall”. Shortages of food and power could be the result, as well as misery for travellers. This summer of chaos will be even worse if the RMT is backed by the other big rail unions, notably Aslef, representing the drivers, and the TSSA, made up of white-collar staff. The unions’ goals are not just industrial. They also want to crank up political pressure on the Government to renationalize the rail system. Privatisation has been “a disaster”, says Lynch. But in fact the rail sell-off has been a great success, pushing up the number of journeys to 1.8 billion a year. Moreover, renationalisation will do nothing to improve industrial relations. Under the state-owned British Rail in the decades before privatisation, strikes were endemic.  Moreover, the SNP government in Edinburgh has just taken Scotrail into its hands. The first response of the RMT has been to call a series of walk-outs, leading to the cancellation of hundreds of services. The rail militancy seems infectious. As part of a dispute over pay and pensions, university lecturers are currently engaged in a marking boycott of students’ work. The GMB is holding a ballot for strikes at Britain’s airports. Refuse collectors, lorry drivers, health workers and postal staff are also threatening industrial action. In response, the Government now talks of new laws to break the stranglehold of the unions. These include a plan in the education sector to boost the rights of non-union members. Transport Secretary Grant Shapps wants laws by which unions would agree to provide a minimum level of service in the event of a walkout or face fines. But the Government should entirely remove the unions’ legal immunity over damages caused by strikes. Unions like the RMT have shown they are too irresponsible to enjoy such protections. If they could be sued, like any other individual or organisation, they would soon stop their antics. Tory Government ministers like to boast that they are Thatcherites in spirit. This is the moment to prove it, by taking on the militants who show contempt for the public and the Queen.