The NHS says a healthy, balanced diet should include at least two portions of fish a week, including one portion of oily fish. This is because fish and shellfish are good sources of many vitamins and minerals. The health body notes: “Oily fish – such as salmon and sardines – is also particularly high in long-chain omega-3 fatty acids, which can help to keep your heart healthy.”  The health body says: “Most of us should have more fish in our diet, including more oily fish. “There is different advice for women who are pregnant or breastfeeding, and children and babies.” It explains: “A healthy, balanced diet should include at least two portions of fish a week, including one of oily fish. Most of us aren't eating this much. A portion is around 140g (4.9oz).”  The NHS adds: “Oily fish usually have higher levels of pollutants than other types of seafood. For this reason, there are maximum recommendations for the number of portions some groups should be eating each week." READ MORE: Testosterone deficiency syndrome: Feeling dreadfully unhappy might not be depression Diabetes UK says: “Meat and fish are high in protein, which keeps your muscles healthy. “But a healthy diet means less red and processed meat – they’ve been linked to cancer and heart disease. “Oily fish like mackerel, salmon and sardines have a lot of omega-3 oil, which can help protect the heart.” The organisation says there is no specific diet for diabetes, “but the foods you eat not only make a difference to how you manage your diabetes, but also to how well you feel and how much energy you have”. Your blood sugar levels, also known as blood glucose levels, are a measurement that show how much glucose you have in your blood. Hyperglycaemia is not the same as hypoglycaemia, which is when a person's blood sugar level drops too low. Hyperglycaemia can be potentially dangerous if blood sugar levels become very high or stay high for long periods. The glycaemic index (GI) is a rating system for foods containing carbohydrates. It shows how quickly each food affects your blood sugar (glucose) level when that food is eaten on its own.  Some low GI foods, such as wholegrain foods, fruit, vegetables, beans and lentils, are foods we should eat as part of a healthy, balanced diet. However, "using the glycaemic index to decide whether foods or combinations of foods are healthy can be misleading", says the NHS. Diabetes.co.uk says: “The dietary advice generally given to people with diabetes is not much different to the dietary advice for people without diabetes. "The main issues to consider are how sharply different foods are likely to impact on your blood glucose levels.”   The NHS notes that if you have diabetes, “no matter how careful you are, you're likely to experience hyperglycaemia” at some point. It adds: “Occasional mild episodes are not usually a cause for concern and can be treated quite easily or may return to normal on their own.” Symptoms of hyperglycaemia include increased thirst and a dry mouth, needing to pee frequently, tiredness, blurred vision and unintentional weight loss. 