The state pension is increasingly being viewed as a safety net, with Britons encouraged to put their own money aside for retirement. However, some individuals could still be at risk of failing to secure a comfortable retirement, new research has suggested. A study has shown defined contribution (DC) pensions which do not automatically offer secured, guaranteed income for life can lead to poor outcomes for low income Britons. Guaranteed income arrangements have been far less common since the introduction of pension freedoms back in 2015. With more Britons opting against a guaranteed income, the University of Birmingham has warned individuals face significant threats to security in retirement. The research concluded the existing system disadvantages those who are already vulnerable to poor pension outcomes. READ MORE: Britons urged to act on pensions as retirement 'in sharp focus' Individuals on a low income were found to be less likely to have a support system to help them with decision-making for retirement. Additionally, support available to low and middle income families was regarded as limited. As a result, many people were found not to have access to the kind of support they need. Karen Barker, Head of Policy at abrdn Financial Fairness Trust, said: “The current ‘one size fits all’ system is not suitable for those on lower incomes. DON'T MISS‘I just fell apart!’ Woman in tears after losing £525,000 in scam [VIDEO]Pension ‘crisis’ as plans to retire at 66 shattered for many women [INSIGHT]Pension warning as Rishi Sunak to harvest £6billion from savers [ANALYSIS] “Whilst the new pension freedoms introduced by the Government have benefitted many, this research shows they cause a great deal of confusion. “It’s not practical to expect those with smaller pension pots to pay a lot of money for advice on how to manage those pots. “However, it’s vital that those on low-to-middle incomes are properly advised if we are to avoid a return to high levels of pensioner poverty.” Pension savers were found to be confused and ill-prepared to make the “right” decision about their pension. When not taking formal advice, individuals felt unsure of who to trust, or who to turn to about making important decisions. Consequently, researchers have called for further support from Government on the matter. They have also stated Britons would benefit from price-capped advice to help lower income individuals, with help to reduce risk. Dr Louise Overton, Assistant Professor in Social Policy and Director of CHASM at the University of Birmingham, also analysed the research. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea She added: “Seven years on from the introduction of pension freedoms, too many people are facing poor retirement outcomes because industry and Government aren’t doing enough to protect them. “Our research shows that Pension Wise does not offer adequate support, and those without access to good quality regulated financial advice - those with smaller pension pots and lower incomes - are particularly at risk of adverse outcomes. “We call on Government, industry and the regulator to expand the scope of money guidance, widen access to regulated advice, and prioritise product innovation.” A Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) spokesperson told Express.co.uk: "The Government is committed to ensuring everyone has the support and information they need to make informed choices about their financial futures. Free and impartial guidance is available via Pension Wise and Money Helper, and we’re making receiving Pension Wise guidance a normal part of the process when savers seek to access their defined contribution occupational pension. “Alongside the industry, we’re also investing in simpler statements and pensions dashboards to help make it easier for people to access and make sense of their pensions information to support their retirement planning.”