The libel trial has seen Coleen Rooney’s lawyer David Sherborne QC claim that Rebecca and her agent Caroline Watt leaked stories about her, as well as other celebrities in her circle. After a social media outburst from Coleen blamed her fellow WAG for the leak, Rebekah launched legal action, claiming she had suffered "very serious harm to her reputation" as a result of the WAG's 2019 post. The post stated that Rebekah's Instagram account was responsible for leaking information about her to The Sun newspaper. This is a claim that Rebekah strenuously denies. Critics have slammed the expensive court battle as a "waste of time", with legal bills reportedly set to run into the millions. In a fresh blow to Rebekah, PR agent Nick Ede said he believes Rebekah’s career is “ruined”, and the trial has been a “complete disaster on all levels” for the 40-year-old. READ MORE: Carol Kirkwood reacts as Dan Walker mistaken for fiancé In his opinion: “She’s come across as a nasty person who cannot be trusted… her brand is very badly tarnished and she’s totally unrelatable." Nick said Rebekah he believes “shot herself in the foot” by bringing the case to court, which he said has caused a lot of “personal heartache”. He predicted she would try to “think of ways to reinvent herself”, and said she might even take part in a future series of Big Brother in an effort to show the public a “more likeable side”. Express.co.uk has contacted Rebekah's representative for comment. The PR agent claims her behaviour in the past will make it difficult for her to become as successful as she was before, after appearing on hit reality shows including I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! and Dancing On Ice. “But the truth is, it’s going to be very difficult for her to claw back because of how badly she’s come across,” he surmised to Closer magazine. In court documents released after the final day of the trial, Rebekah claimed she had lost work due to the accusation that she had leaked stories about Coleen to the tabloids, revealing she had missed out on a book deal as well as a brand endorsement deal. She was also labelled a "highly unreliable witness",  by Coleen's lawyer on the final day of the libel trial. DONT MISS: Piers Morgan slams 'horrific' Texas shooting as 19 children dead (PHOTOS)'It hurts!' Strictly's Karen Hauer shares pics of painful physio (NEWS)Martin Roberts shares ‘emotional’ career update after health scare (LATEST) David Sherborne, representing Coleen, claimed Rebekah lied under oath and deleted evidence. He said she had given "implausible, throwaway explanations" and was "lacking in candour". "We say Mrs Vardy was a highly unreliable witness and her evidence should be treated with caution," he continued. Mr Sherborne added that the case was "extraordinary" because of the "tenacity" of Rebekah in "backtracking on her admissions of leaks" and the "documentary evidence that flatly contradicts" her account.  He also spoke about "the extent to which it plainly demonstrates her consistent practice of secretly leaking information to the press". The lawyer told Mrs Justice Steyn that the loss of "crucial" documents by Mrs Vardy was deliberate, adding: "The only plausible explanation is manual deletion by the claimant herself." Rebekah walked out of the court during Mr Sherborne's comments. Coleen and her husband, ex-footballer Wayne Rooney, did not attend the court on the last day of proceedings. Her barrister began by explaining to the judge that they had a "long-standing travel arrangement" with their children booked for Thursday. The trial had over-run by a day and was supposed to have concluded a day earlier. He passed on their "individual apologies", adding "that they intend no disrespect to the court". The judge, Mrs Justice Steyn, said: "I don't take offence". The WAGs now face a wait to find out who has won the Wagatha Christie libel battle after the high-profile trial finished last week. 