It has been estimated that electric car owners may see their home EV charging costs by around £200 per year, depending on their energy tariff. With the average UK electricity price now sitting at around 17.2p per kWh and under the assumption an electric car will travel 3.5 miles per kWh on average, to travel 100 miles would cost around £5 or 4.91p per mile. Ofgem, the Government’s regulator for electricity and downstream natural gas markets, raised the energy cap by 54 percent. Taking into account comparative petrol and diesel costs per mile, the same length journey would cost approximately £15 in a petrol car and £13 in a diesel vehicle. Becky Whitmore, Senior EV Product Owner at Volkswagen Financial Services UK, commented on the data, saying owning an EV was often a cheaper option. She said: “In light of the news that energy costs are on the rise, and causing concern across the nation, it seems to have created a lingering doubt for motorists who either own or are looking to buy an electric vehicle. READ MORE: Police seize car owned for 45 minutes “Motorists have voiced apprehension that the increase in energy prices will significantly increase the cost to charge an EV and may eventually become too expensive to maintain. “However, research from Volkswagen Financial Services UK (VWFS), suggests that owning an EV may still be financially smarter. “At VWFS UK we believe it’s reassuring that electric charging remains a viable option to running an ICE (internal combustion engine) car.” Despite the rising cost of energy, drivers can still benefit from Government grants and schemes, as well as Vehicle Excise Duty discounts and an exclusion from fuel duty. DON'T MISSUproar over push from Greens to ban second cars [INSIGHT]Drivers could be fined £1,000 this summer for not using air con [WARNING]Furious locals set up fake speed camera to catch out tourists [SHOCKING] Research from EDF energy found that electric car owners could save more than £51,000 on fuel over their lifetime, compared to the cost of charging their car. Meanwhile, fully electric cars worth under £40,000 are also exempt from vehicle excise duty, saving up to £2,245 for new cars in their first year on the road, and up to £490 per year after that. In addition, electric vehicles are exempt from all Clean Air Zones, as well as London’s ULEZ charging area. Motorists can also save on charging by installing an at-home EV charging point. While the upfront cost of £1,000 installation cost may put some drivers off, it can be cheaper to charge a car at home compared to at public charging stations. The Electric Vehicle Homecharge Scheme is also available to homeowners who live in flats and people in rental accommodation including flats and single-use properties. Those who are eligible for the OZEV scheme can reduce the upfront cost by up to £350. Becky Whitmore added: “There are other tips and tricks to drive down costs with an EV, too. “A good place to start is looking at your energy provider and how charging will impact the cost of your home electricity bill. “Some providers offer off-peak prices, so when charging your car from home, it may be cheaper to plug it in during off-peak hours. “Electric vehicle owners can also improve their range per charge by making small, conscious adjustments to their driving habits, ultimately bringing costs down further. “Avoiding harsh acceleration, using regenerative braking and maintaining a steadier speed, can all improve range per charge, as well as ensuring the car is not carrying unnecessary weight such as golf clubs or a boot full of other heavy items. “While driving is becoming increasingly more expensive, EVs remain a viable and cost efficient choice – not only through the lens of sustainability, but also when it comes to energy prices in 2022.”