Wild Place Project said Wallace sustained "critical injuries" after "running at speed into a gate". Despite the best efforts of vets, the decision was made to put the young zebra to sleep. The wildlife conservation park said keepers are closely watching Wallace's mother Florence and father Peter following the incident last week. It added that Wallace had brought "so much joy" to staff and visitors since his birth on April 16. Wild Place Project, which is run by the Bristol Zoological Society and is the sister site of Bristol Zoo, announced the sad news about Wallace on Facebook on Tuesday. It said: "It is with great sadness that we share the news of the death of our beloved Wallace, one of three zebras at Wild Place Project, on Wednesday 11 May. "The young foal sustained critical injuries after running at speed into a gate on Tuesday afternoon. "The animal team at Wild Place Project immediately provided care, and called Bristol Zoological Society’s veterinary team to attend. "However despite their best efforts, his injuries were severe and the veterinary team made the sad and very difficult decision to put Wallace to sleep. "From the moment Wallace was born on 16 April, he brought so much joy to our keepers, our wider team of staff and volunteers, and our visitors. READ MORE: Horror as dog found 'collapsed in pool of blood' in garden "Our keepers are keeping a close eye on Wallace’s mother Florence, and father, Peter." The post prompted an outpouring of grief from other Facebook users. One person called Ruth Ferris commented: "Such sad sad news. Poor little boy and poor Florence losing her baby. Thinking of all your keepers and staff who must be devastated." Katy Pountney wrote: "So very very sad, it was a privilege to watch him from such a young age, my son adored visiting him, thoughts are with everyone at the Wild Place." DON'T MISSHeartbreak for dog 'back at square one' after 2 homes fall throughGiant bird that escaped London Zoo spotted nine MILES awayLondon Zoo rushes to halt rumour about escaped lions A third Facebook user, Beccy McHugh, said: "Absolutely heartbreaking. I'm so sorry for all of you!" Another, Michaela Thomas, added: "So sad to hear this news it was such a joy to see him on my birthday when I visited. Hope Florence is doing ok." One more, Abigail Elizabeth, said: "Oh, that is so sad. Poor little might. His endearing skittishness was his downfall." Wild Place Project is a family attraction with animals from around the world. Its website says it aims to create a sustainable future for wildlife and people through its conservation and education work.