The Queen celebrates an incredible seven decades on the throne this year. While the British public doesn't want to think about the end of her reign, the Queen referred to the fact her son Prince Charles will one day take her place earlier this year. On the eve of her accession anniversary, the Queen said that "when, in the fullness of time, my son Charles becomes King, I know you will give him and his wife Camilla the same support that you have given me". Here are just three of the odd things that will happen when Charles becomes King. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** The National Anthem as we know it has been around for almost 300 years, and it is often sung at important state or sporting events. When she ascended the throne in 1952, Queen Elizabeth II became the first British Queen regnant since Queen Victoria, who died in 1901. So after a string of four kings, Edward VII, George V, Edward VIII and George VI, the national anthem reverted to 'God Save the Queen'. READ MORE: Kate branded Prince William's 'saviour behind closed doors'  The lyrics of the anthem currently include 'God save our noble Queen' and 'Send her victorious'. But when Prince Charles becomes King, the lyrics will once again change to 'God Save the King'. 'God Save the King' will likely ring out at Charles and Camilla's coronation when they are formally invested as King and Queen Consort. This change to the National Anthem will be a big shock for most of the British public, as swathes of the nation can't remember a time when the Queen wasn't on the throne.  As the nation's new monarch, portraits of King Charles will start to appear on official coinage from the Royal Mint. Banknotes with Charles' portrait on them will also start to be printed and enter circulation, but it will take several years before all of the nation's currency bears Charles' image. Charles has already appeared on several commemorative stamps, such as for his royal wedding and his 70th birthday. But as King, we can expect a new regal portrait of Charles on all stamps. DON'T MISS:Queen spotted at airport as monarch jets off for Jubilee celebrations [INSIGHT] Royal quiz: How well do you know British Royal history? Take our quiz [QUIZ]Queen's Jubilees in pictures: Best moments from the celebrations [PICTURES]  Across the UK, postboxes are engraved with the Queen's cypher of EIIR, with E standing for Elizabeth, II representing her title as Elizabeth II, and R stands for Regina, which means Queen in Latin. When Prince Charles is King, any new postboxes installed will bear his cypher, but this depends on what regnal name Charles chooses to reign under. If Charles keeps his first name and reigns as King Charles III, his cypher will likely be CIIIR, with the latter initial standing for 'Rex', meaning King in Latin.  The existing postboxes with the Queen's cypher will remain in place, as is tradition. Some postboxes in the UK stem back as far as Queen Victoria's reign and bear the cypher of VR. Others bear the cypher of the Queen's father, King George VI, and his father King George V. A rare number of postboxes include the cypher of the Queen's uncle King Edward VIII, who reigned for less than a year and abdicated in 1936. 