Ash runs @insidesixtrythree, giving followers a glimpse of his new build in Derbyshire. His gorgeous garden is a highlight of his home, and he has shared gorgeous images of the transformation. He said: "I couldn’t resist snapping this shot as the sunshine made an appearance today. "We are so so incredibly proud of the garden this year as it’s come into full bloom! "Those of you who followed our stories last year know we spent most of last year putting in all the hard graft landscaping the garden and didn’t get a lot of time to enjoy it." So how did the influencer create his garden? Ash turned to specialists for his outdoor space. READ MORE: 'Secret ingredients to transform your lawn' from gardening pro - 'create lawn of dreams' The garden is complete with a projector screen set, a luxury, weather-resistant pergola, and sustainable and slip-resistant decking, creating a luxury outdoor space. Ash aimed to create a cosy, indoor lounge-inspired space where he can relax and watch films in the evening. He opted for silver decking from Composite Prime. It's the HD Deck 150. Ash also chose the aluminium Nova Outdoor Living pergola. He complemented it with a chic sofa set and screen projector. The area also features a minimalist charcoal floor lamp and a stunning fire pit, which brings the "lounge vibe" to life. DON'T MISSTop 10 perennials to grow from seed now that flower in the first year [MARK LANE] 'Best use of outdoor space': How to make your garden look bigger [EXPERT] Mum's ingenious method to eradicate weeds using old compost [HACKS]  Ash's fans were quick to comment on the space. One wrote: "This is gorgeous!" Another said: "What a beautiful space." "It’s just fabulous Ash, a beautiful space," another said. "It’s changed so much. Remember when your shoe was under the decking," one fan said. One more wrote: "Wow your garden is looking delightful." It comes after another renovation influencer shared their amazing garden transformation with stunning furniture and a DIY water feature. Stephanie runs @thecheshiregreyhome where she boats over 80,000 She said: "First we took down the old shed and dug the path and patio area." The couple added paving and a pergola, which was a simple kit from Amazon. In the pergola, the couple put a gorgeous outdoor sofa and table set with an incredible fire feature in the middle. "Zoning" the garden, or creating different spaces in your outdoor area is one way to make it feel bigger, experts have said. There are a number of ways you can make a small garden look bigger, in fact. CEO of Moda Furnishings, Jonny Brierley, told readers to focus on storage to increase space in the garden. He said: "Storage and multifunctionality are the two key elements that all outdoor furniture for small gardens should have."