Amish Patel, aesthetics practitioner and skincare expert at Intrigue Cosmetic Clinic said that "despite Queen Letizia being in her late 40s, her skin is remarkably youthful". The skincare expert told Express.co.uk that Queen Letizia's "perfect and glowing" skin could be thanks to her diet. He explained: "I would suggest this is partly due to healthy living. "We understand that Queen Letizia is a keen yoga fan. "So the likelihood is that she is also mindful of eating a diet rich in vitamins." READ MORE: Inside Queen's relationship with beloved granddaughter Zara Tindall The beauty expert said it is likely this is "combined with a tailored skincare routine". Amish Patel suggested some of the skincare products the royal may use. He said: "As we age, our skin cell renewal becomes more sluggish, leaving us with dull skin. "Using skin care products with retinol and vitamin C can help refresh the skin and help rejuvenate the skin."  Some of the benefits of vitamin C Healthline explained vitamin C is considered "one of the best anti-ageing ingredients on the market and the key to maintaining a smooth, even, and glowy complexion". "Although you’re probably getting vitamin C in your diet, there’s no way to guarantee it’s going straight to your skin. "Using serums and other topical products is the most direct way to reap these benefits," the health site stated. Amish Patel continued: "Chemical skin peels are also popular with this demographic to accelerate skin cell renewal. "Our collagen levels deplete as we age, so eating a diet low in sugar (an ingredient that attacks your precious collagen) is conducive to plump, youthful skin. "It is rumoured that Queen Letizia uses biotulin, an ingredient obtained from the paracress and acts as a local herbal anaesthetic helping to reduce muscle contraction and, therefore, perhaps reducing further wrinkle formation," he explained. How does Queen Letizia achieve her perfect tan? The aesthetics practitioner explained: "Regarding her sun-kissed complexion, this could be a cosmetic application to her face instead of an actual suntan. "Protecting your face with a high SPF will reduce ageing signs, such as wrinkles, pigmentation and age spots, so it might be that she covers her face in the sun and chooses a make-up alternative. "One last note to add is that genes can also play a role, and it could be that Queen Letizia is just one of the lucky ones when it comes to retaining youthful looks and glowing skin."