The new Netflix documentary, Our Father, tells the story of Donald Cline, who secretly used his own sperm to impregnate numerous women without their consent. The documentary follows just a handful of the (at least) 94 biological children of Dr Cline and how it turned their world upside down. Siblings Jason Hyatt and Jacoba Ballard joined This Morning hosts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby to share their stories and how it impacted their life. After speaking to Jacoba about how she discovered she was a child of Dr Cline's and how it had affected her life, Jason explained how it nearly ended his. Holly began: "Let's bring Jason in now, because whilst all of this was going on in your life, not that far away you were growing up. "You innately had these feelings that there was something different about you to your family and your father, in particular, you felt something was very different about the two of you." Jason explained: "Absolutely, it's just our personalities, he's a genius, bookworm and 5' 10'' and I turned out to be 6' 5'' and athletic and sports-minded. READ MORE: EastEnders theory: Beloved family torn apart in resident exit plot "I just knew it at an early age, around 12, that something wasn't right. I grew up a little bit, probably about 15 and started asking, and they unfortunately lied. "That's what the doctor told them to do to us, just lie, lie, lie, and finally I just came to my mum and said, 'I have your hair, I have dad's hair, and I have mine, so do I need to go and take care of this on my own?' "She immediately started crying, so it was definitely a shock, and it has definitely been a whirlwind." Intrigued about how it all came out, Phillip asked: "So how did you find out? How did you know what had happened here and what you were a part of?" "So I was in Colorado at the time, and one of my co-workers was doing Ancestry.com," Jason started. "She said, 'Look, I have 10 to 15 hits, and you should do it too, it would be fun to see where you come from and take a look at each other's ancestry'. "I did it, and when my results came back, it was, I think, a little over 3,000, and immediately I thought something was wrong, this was such a shock that my memory of it was so distorted at the time. "I had (siblings) Julie (Harmon) and Jacoba call me, and it was the worst day of my life, I can't even really explain the true emotions that came over me because, one I knew who my father was, after looking for him for a long time. DON'T MISS...The Chase’s Issa Schultz ignored ITV bosses’ calls  [INSIGHT]Phillip Schofield praises ‘amazing’ Jake Daniels after coming out [LATEST]Phillip Schofield sparks divide amid Queen's Jubilee - 'Switched off!' [WATCH] "And I had to tell this to my mum, it's not just my story, it's my mum's, it's my dad's, it's everybody who was involved, so I just felt bad for all of them." Jason went on to explain that the revelation of who his father was and what Dr Cline had been doing in the 70s and 80s had driven him to feel suicidal. "I ended up drinking, and I went to a dark place, and next thing you know, I'm waking up on the ground, so it was just a rough time in my life. "Alone, no family around, no friends around and at the time, my wife and I were going through issues that ultimately led to a divorce." The latest documentary film features interviews with the parents and their children as well as others who were closely affected by the situation. Dr Cline refused to take part in the documentary, so the story is told through reenactments which have been explained by the victims. Speaking about his silence, director and producer Lucie Jordan told Netflix Tudum: "When we were in the last week of filming in Indiana, we called him on camera. He picked up the phone [but] he knows who we are and just hung up on us. "I would love to hear from him. And also the siblings would. He refuses to talk, which is why this film is the way it is, the reenactments and all of that stuff is a commentary on [his silence]. If he had spoken, this would be a very different film." This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV.