If bladder cancer spreads to other parts of the body, such as other organs, it's known as metastatic bladder cancer. Dr Rhianna MycClyont, Lead GP at the digital healthcare provider Livi, said: “Common bladder cancer symptoms can include blood in your pee, dark coloured pee, a need to pee frequently and pain, a burning sensation when you pee and pain in your lower tummy.”  Indeed, the NHS says: “The most common symptom of bladder cancer is blood in urine, which is usually painless. “If you notice blood in your urine, even if it comes and goes, you should visit your GP, so the cause can be investigated.” The health body adds: “The medical name for blood in your urine is haematuria and it's usually painless. “You may notice streaks of blood in your urine or the blood may turn your urine brown. The blood isn't always noticeable and it may come and go.”  It says if bladder cancer reaches an advanced stage and has spread, symptoms can occur elsewhere. Dr Rhianna said: “If bladder cancer spreads and reaches an advanced stage, you may experience; pain in your pelvis, pain in your bones, weight loss and leg swelling.” She said: “If you think you're having bladder cancer symptoms, you should go and see a GP straight away.” Dr Rhianna said there are some tests your doctor might recommend.  These include:  Cancer Research UK says: “The risk of developing cancer depends on a number of things, including your age, genetics and lifestyle and environmental factors. “Anything that can increase your risk of getting a disease is called a risk factor. Different cancers have different risk factors. Having one or more of these risk factors doesn't mean you will definitely get that cancer.” The NHS says smoking is the single biggest risk factor for bladder cancer. It explains: “If you smoke for many years, these chemicals pass into your bloodstream and are filtered by the kidneys into your urine. “The bladder is repeatedly exposed to these harmful chemicals, as it acts as a store for urine. This can cause changes to the cells of the bladder lining, which may lead to bladder cancer.”  The health body says exposure to certain industrial chemicals is the second biggest risk factor, and previous studies have estimated that this may account for around 25 percent of cases. It says other factors that can increase your risk of bladder cancer include: 