Meghan Markle and Prince Harry are set to join the Queen at the Platinum Jubilee next weekend with their children Archie and Lilibet. The Bank Holiday weekend will also be when Lilibet turns one on June 4. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex will be meeting with the Queen privately to introduce Lilibet for the very first time, former royal editor Charles Rae has claimed. Speaking to GB News, Mr Rae said: "Meghan is coming over with Harry, the children are also coming. "There's going to be some sort of private meeting with the Queen on Saturday which happens to be Lilibet's birthday. "She will be seeing her great-granddaughter for the very first time. "That will be a nice event." READ MORE: Meghan Markle 'will only curtsy to the Queen' at Jubilee - claim It comes as the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have rejoined the royal family at Madame Tussauds to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. Waxwork figures of the main family members have received a black tie makeover in preparation for the event marking the monarch's 70-year reign on June 5. The reunion at the London attraction brings the Sussexes back together publicly with the family for the first time since their move to the US in 2020. Meghan's waxwork has been dressed in a red, caped Safiyaa gown, which she wore on one of her last royal engagements at the Mountbatten Festival of Music at the Royal Albert Hall in London in March 2020. The Queen's waxwork, which is the 23rd of 24 created of the monarch by Madame Tussauds London across her 70-year reign, has been dressed in a recreation of the garment she wore in her official Diamond Jubilee portrait. The white and silver lace dress is covered in 53,000 Swarovski elements, completed with a blue silk sash and topped off by a replica of the diamond and pearl George IV State Diadem. The Duchess of Cambridge's figure has been dressed in an emerald Jenny Packham gown, worn on a state visit to Pakistan in 2019 and again at the Royal Variety Show in 2021. Harry, the Prince of Wales and the Duke of Cambridge have been dressed in tuxedos, while the Duchess of Cornwall joins them in a powder blue ball gown. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry 'trying to control' Jubilee narrative after snub [INSIGHT]Prince Harry and Meghan's new TV show 'smacks of desperation' [ANALYSIS]Meghan taking things 'for granted' is 'recipe for disaster' - claim [VIDEO] Tim Waters, general manager at Madame Tussauds London, said: "With Harry and Meghan returning to the UK to celebrate Her Majesty's Platinum Jubilee it felt only right that our figures come together once more on our Royal Throne Room set to join in the family festivities. "Our much-loved royal family figures have also been given an elegant new look ahead of the much-anticipated celebrations, decked out in their black tie finery to mark this once-in-a-lifetime occasion. "At Madame Tussauds London we have a long history with the royal family, with British monarchs doing us the honour of sitting for our artists since 1809. "We're so proud this has continued into the 21th century and we can continue celebrating major milestones for Her Majesty the Queen." Royal fans can also view the Royal Dress Collection that will be on display at Madame Tussauds London from May 27, showcasing seven gowns that have graced some of the Queen's 24 figures created during her 70-year reign.