Princess Charlotte was seen earlier this year at her late great-grandfather, Prince Philip's memorial service and at the Easter Sunday service in Windsor. On both occasions, she was wearing a dress. Will she also wear a dress over the Platinum Jubilee weekend, or will she be allowed to wear trousers?  Her style has been a tremendous hit with the nation, ever since she was a toddler. In fact, on numerous occasions, the little Princess has started fashion trends just like her mother Kate Middleton. But royal fans have been quick to notice Charlotte has rarely been spotted wearing one thing, trousers. Does Kate ban her from wearing them on official engagements? Princess Charlotte has rarely been seen in public wearing shorts or trousers, the exception being her most recent birthday pictures. While many energetic little girls might wear leggings to run around in or frilly shorts in the summer to play in, Kate chooses to mostly dress her daughter in dresses. A royal style expert previously said it’s to guarantee she never looks “out of date”. Childrenswear designer Rachel Riley has dressed Prince George, eight, Charlotte’s older brother.  She said: "If [the royal children] wear very simple things… it's timeless in that you can't really date a specific photo or put them in something that seems out of date. “They have chosen a very traditional look and are a traditional family,” she told The Telegraph. Rachel added that the Cambridge’s favour a “timeless” look over attention-drawing clothes for their children. Princess Charlotte is not the only royal child subject to clothing rules.  As it has been noted in the past, Prince George was always in shorts until he turned about seven years old. Similarly, Prince Louis is now almost always seen in shorts as he is only four. It is known Prince George would always wears shorts during public appearances, regardless of the outside climate. It is said that, for a young boy, wearing shorts is a sign of being a member of the upper class British elite, according to an expert. As a member of the Royal Family, and third in line to the throne, Prince George must uphold such class distinctions, which are clearly considered by his parents when they dress him.  “It's a very English thing to dress a young boy in shorts," etiquette expert William Hanson said. "Trousers are for older boys and men, whereas shorts on young boys is one of those silent class markers that we have in England. "Although times are (slowly) changing, a pair of trousers on a young boy is considered quite middle class – quite suburban. "And no self-respecting aristo or royal would want to be considered suburban. “Even the Duchess of Cambridge,” he told Harper’s Bazaar. 