Mr Farage took a GB News film crew out on the English Channel when more than 300 illegal immigrants were intercepted in small boats making the dangerous crossing from France. The former Brexit Party leader used it as evidence that Ms Patel’s plan which includes sending asylum seekers to Rwanda starting early next year had not worked.  He said: “Mainstream media and right-wing pundits have all been telling us that the Migrant Crisis is over. “So after a day spent in the English Channel, tonight I am asking: Is the Rwanda plan really working? “The truth is that the Rwanda policy is not working.” Ms Patel and her supporters have claimed that with the threat of illegal immigrants being sent to Rwanda instead of being given the right to stay in the UK then the crisis will end. The idea is that without the right to stay in the UK it will end the incentive for people to pay thousands to human traffickers and make the dangerous journey. At the current rate, it is estimated that 60,000 will have made the journey by the end of this year without any intervention to stop it. But one source told Express.co.uk: “Basically, the cynical people smugglers are telling people that it’s their last chance to get to the UK or get sent to Rwanda.  “It’s a lie because anybody arriving now would qualify to be sent to Rwanda so they are being conned.” It is hoped that the Rwanda scheme can be up and running within months before the end of the year and at that point, the flow of illegal migrants will end. The Government believes that cracking down on human trafficking will cut off funds for terrorism and organised crime as well as stop the victims from being used as slave labour in illegal sweatshops in the UK or forced into prostitution. The scheme has been attacked by the Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby, pro-migration charities and campaign groups as well as Labour and the SNP. Tory MPs have welcomed the move from the Government and believe it will ultimately end the crisis. Ipswich MP Tom Hunt, the deputy chairman of the rightwing Common Sense Group, which was set up to campaign for tighter immigration control, said: “When I saw the Farage broadcast I just told people to relax. “The Rwanda scheme will solve the crisis but it won’t happen immediately. “It doesn’t help that migrants are being told to get over quickly to avoid being sent to Rwanda, although obviously, that’s not true because they would qualify for the scheme. “But we have got a grip on this problem at long last and it is going down very well in constituencies like mine where people voted for Brexit in the expectation we would take back control of our borders.” 