Dan Walker, 45, and BBC meteorologist Matt Taylor, 45, have shared a poignant exchange on social media as Dan bids farewell to BBC Breakfast. Matt posted a sentimental message to Dan, recalling all the “fun” times they had while working together. Weatherman Matt wrote on Monday night: “We say [goodbye] to my BBC Breakfast twin @mrdanwalker tomorrow.“From walking behind Rory McIlroy on the first hole at the British Open, to fish and chips in Llandudno, waking him with a tea in Enniskillen and video messages during Strictly.“Kind. Generous. Fun!  “I’ll miss you fella.” READ MORE:Eamonn Holmes was 'aggressive' with David Cassidy after row with Ruth Dan was clearly touched by the message and responded: “I love you too.” To which Matt pleaded: “Then don’t leave us!!! “Happy to phone at 3am each morning should you miss it too much.” Today is set to be an emotional day for Dan as he hosts his final BBC Breakfast after being a fixture on the show since 2016. Dan is leaving the BBC to join Channel 5 as the lead presenter on 5 News.As he headed into the BBC studios this morning, Dan revealed he had less than three hours sleep before his last day.He said in a clip shared to his 274,000 Instagram followers: “Here we go then, final stroll into BBC Breakfast, it’s a glorious morning here in Salford.“I’m armed with cakes for the team who have been an absolute pleasure to work with over the last six years.” DON'T MISSJulia Fox stuns onlookers as she strips off to bra and pants at shops[PICTURES]Jane McDonald sobbed in restaurant amid late fiancé's gesture[INSIGHT]Dan Walker spurned by Sally Nugent as she refuses to appear in video[LATEST] He went on: “For those asking how I got here, I did just two hours and 46 minutes sleep. “So, not the best prep for the final day! But hopefully it will be a fun one.”Hundreds of Dan’s friends and fellow BBC stars took to the comments to wish him well.Zoe Ball penned: “Have an excellent last day Dan. It’ll be emotional.” Jenni Falconer echoed: “Ah, end of an era. Have a great last day! Big love.”His Strictly co-star Adam Peaty said: “Have a great one mate!”And Sky Sports presenter Simon Thomas added: “Good luck mate. You’ve been brilliant.”BBC Breakfast airs at 6am on BBC One.