Serbia will be among 18 countries battling it out in the second semi-finals to clinch one of the 10 spots in the Eurovision Song Contest 2022 final. This year the nation will be third in the running order of performances with singer Konstrakta performing her track In Corpore Sano, which refers to Meghan Markle. In Corpore Sano is performed in Konstrakta’s native Serbian and some Latin. The song opens with the lines: “What could be the secret of Meghan Markle's healthy hair?” The artist, whose real name is Ana Đurić, goes on to sing: “What could it be? I think it's all about deep hydration.” The lyrics are certainly likely to catch the attention of listeners who may be wondering why the royal is featured in the song. Konstrakta said: “Meghan Markle isn’t that important here, but she’s representative of all those people in the media that we’re focused on.” READ MORE: Eurovision 2022: Serbia pens lyrics about Meghan Markle's HAIR The pop star went on to say: “She hasn’t contacted me yet, but I’d like for her to hear it! “This is a song about the atmosphere in which we’re living, which has put health as the highest value.” Her words suggest the inclusion of Markle is more of a metaphor than directly about the Duchess. Speaking about the content of the track, the singer said: “This is a song about health and the atmosphere in which we’re living, which has put health as the highest value. “We needed a compulsive aspect during the song, which we decided would be the washing of hands. “I think that the staging can make an impact, especially when you dive into the lyrics.” She added: “We have this performance, and subtitles from time to time, so the audience should hopefully be able to connect.” In Corpore Sano is something of a first for Eurovision with the song lyrics mixing Latin and Serbian together. This track is a refection on society’s obsession with beauty standards as well as the importance of universal healthcare. She previously said how the media was fixated on physical beauty over health. Konstrakta is a singer-songwriter who first rose to fame as part of the band Zemlja gruva! which was founded in 2007. The group were the opening act for Amy Winehouse’s last-ever concert in Belgrade back in 2011. DON'T MISS....Gogglebox's Marcus speaks out on if he would leave the Channel 4 show [INSIGHT]'White working class lads don't get a look in' GB News guest slams BBC [VIDEO]Ozark season 4 ending: Fans expose real reason Mel didn't go to police [FAN REACTION] She later struck out on her own as a solo artist in 2019 with the singer selected to represent Serbia at Eurovision. Konstrakta is an anagram of the singer’s name Ana Đurić and the musician is interested in contemporary social and emotional issues. In Corpore Sano - which translates from Latin as In A Healthy Body - falls into this vein calling for healthcare for all and taking care of oneself over the more superficial side of things. As well as her musical talents, she is a businesswoman with a degree in architecture. The Eurovision Song Contest 2022 semi-finals will be airing on BBC Three on Tuesday and Thursday at 8pm. The Eurovision Song Contest grand final will air on BBC One on Saturday, May 14 at 8pm