Sir Lindsay Hoyle did not take it well when Labour MP Chrisitan Wakeford erupted at Boris Johnson. The MP for Bury South claimed the Prime Minister was too busy to care about Ofgem's announcement of an increased energy cap of up to £2,800 for British citizens. Mr Wakeford also claimed Mr Johnson cared more about his "half a**ed apology" for his Partygate rule breaks than he did the energy price hike. Sir Lindsay told Mr Wakeford off for not using moderate language which didn't suit the House of Commons.  Mr Wakeford said: "The head of Ofgem advised MPs that the energy cap is due to increase up to £2,800 in the Autumn. "More than double from last year, and I know the Prime Minister has been busy drafting and redrafting his half a**ed apology rather than helping the people of Bury South. "But at which work event, but at which work event did he realise Labour's call was the right thing to do, considering he and his party voted against it last week just to save his own neck. Sir Lindsay said: "I couldn't neither hear the question or the advice I was being given. "It might be helpful if I could hear both, Prime Minister did you manage to hear it?" JUST IN: North Korea launch three missiles, including ICBM, hours after Joe Biden departs from Asia     Mr Johnson said: "Very much... Well, I heard enough Mr Speaker to have a rough idea of the nonsense he was talking about. "And what we're doing Mr Speaker is not only supporting people now, but we will continue to put our arms around the people of this country as we did during the pandemic and beyond." Sir Hoyle added: "Can I just say, moderate language is what we normally use. "I don't find it... It doesn't suit the chair and I don't think it suits the country, so, please, John Baron." READ MORE: Russian forces making ‘incremental gains’ by attempting to secure smaller encirclements     Labour MP Christian Wakeford jibed at Mr Johnson has been facing backlash over his alleged rule breaks in Downing Street during the lockdown. Mr Johnson has previously apologised for his rule breaks prior to the full investigation from Civil Servant Sue Gray, which has now been published. As Mr Wakeford noted, many Britons have been struggling with the price of energy as increases to the cost of living keep rising. Some people now can't afford to heat their homes due to the constant increases. DON'T MISS:Eurocrats shamed for ‘targeting’ Brexit Britain in new punishment [INSIGHT]First Brexit trade deal with US on the brink of completion [UPDATE]EU gun to our head saw British manufacturing 'given away' [COMMENT]    'Doesn't suit the country!' Hoyle slaps down Labour MP over 'half a**ed' quip at Boris Labour MPs have been vocal about implementing a windfall tax on energy companies in order to take the pressure off the most vulnerable in society. The Chancellor of the Exchequer, Rishi Sunak, has previously openly discussed the idea of implementing one, as well as announcing new energy schemes to help people struggling to pay soaring energy prices. A spokesperson for Boiler Central commented on the findings: “The current energy crisis is understandably a cause for concern for millions of people in the UK, particularly in regions where it is clear residents are paying a disproportionate amount of their salaries to cover the cost of energy bills.” The Spokesperson added: "If you are struggling to meet payments, start by speaking to your energy provider as soon as possible so you can work out an affordable payment plan – this is something providers must do in accordance with the Office of Gas and Electricity Markets. “Furthermore, many energy providers offer schemes and grants whereby you can alleviate some of the strain of heating and energy costs. “These work by helping make your home more energy-efficient, therefore reducing the outgoing costs you will likely have.” 