Richard Hammond, 52, is back on TV tonight for another episode of his ‘Crazy Contraptions’ show. The second instalment of the Channel 4 programme sees teams compete to build ingenious machines out of everyday objects. Three TikTok stars go head-to-head with three civil engineering students from the University of Southampton. The inventors must come up with chain reaction machines that allow Richard to boil his kettle while sitting on the toilet. “Well, it is not his fault, it is because he cannot drive and he went upside down and damaged his brain. “He has no capacity for remembering anything. “Some of it is because he is not interested in anything and some of it is because he has had brain damage.” Richard’s most recent crash came in Switzerland in 2017 as the presenter was driving a £2million supercar. The Hamster was piloting the electric Rimac Concept One in a car race in St Gallen before he lost control of the vehicle. The car swerved off the road and flipped over before erupting into a fireball as it tumbled down a grass verge. Remarkably, Richard cheated death and escaped with only a fractured knee after he was airlifted to hospital. Speaking on DriveTribe, the star said: “I was aware that I was up high, and that inevitably the car was going to come down. “And yeah of course there was a moment of dread – 'Oh God, I'm going to die'. “And also I was aware that the car was taking just such a beating. DON'T MISS: Christopher Plummer acted 'like arrogant b******' on Sound of Music set [LATEST]Clive Myrie once admitted impact of war was 'difficult to shake' - 'Images stay with you' [INSIGHT]Dolly Parton 'crushed' by tragic death: 'Like I'd lost a baby of my own' [ANALYSIS] “I mean if you look at those craters, that's a big hole that's just impact and it looks like the thing has been dropped from space to leave a hole that big. “So yeah I was probably going, 'Well this is it'.” He added: “In fact that is what was going through my mind. I thought, 'I've had it'.” The presenter also cheated death in 2006 when he nearly died after crashing a jet-powered car at 288 mph. The star was in a coma for two weeks after the accident while he attempted to break the British land speed record for ‘Top Gear’. ‘Richard Hammond's Crazy Contraptions’ airs on Channel 4 from 8pm tonight.