While there are some savings accounts offering a higher interest rate than 1.5 percent, the Chase Saver Account has no withdrawal limits or fees. What’s more, people can earn this interest rate on savings up to £250,000. JP Morgan Chase’s digital saver account has been named as a “best buy” option when it comes to bank accounts as it offers savers a “stunning rate” without withdrawal fees, charges or loss of interest. Since its launch a couple of weeks ago, it has been recommended for some by financial experts including Andrew Hagger of Moneycomms.co.uk and Money Saving Expert founder Martin Lewis. Savings rates have taken a bit of a battering of late, but this account offers an interest rate that is “head and shoulders” above other easy access savings accounts. However, people could get up to two percent interest rate on savings with a different bank if they can afford to lock their money away for a few years. READ MORE: Bus pass: 10 groups of Britons qualify for free bus pass Moneycomms Andrew Hagger said: “There's no doubt that this is a stunning rate for an easy access savings account. "It is head and shoulders above the stand alone easy access best buys paying between 0.90 and 0.95 percent. “This is clearly a carrot from the digital bank to try and drive new current account openings and in the current market l expect it will be swamped with applications. “Let's just hope that the rate is more than a short term incentive that then gets cut just a few months down the line." DON'T MISS:Nationwide increases interest rates on savings accounts [UPDATE]State pension alert as many ‘fearful’ sum will be axed altogether [WARNING]State pension may be received early with payment today - why? [ALERT] Martin Lewis has also mentioned it is one of his top picks on ITV’s This Morning and in his MSE newsletter. On This Morning, Martin Lewis said: “Most easy access accounts are paying about 0.1 percent so it will increase your interest by 15 fold.” The MSE newsletter stated: “The standout is giant US bank JP Morgan's new UK Chase savings paying 1.5 percent AER variable." However, he added that Britons can earn even more interest on their savings if they can afford to stash the cash away for longer. Shaun Port, managing director of savings and investments for Chase in the UK, said customers need an easy access account now more than ever because of the cost of living crisis. He said: “We have designed the Chase saver account to provide our customers with maximum flexibility alongside a competitive rate. “Savers can set up multiple accounts via the Chase app, each with a unique account number, making it easy to organise their savings for specific goals. “There are no fees or charges when customers move money out of their saver accounts, no monthly caps on how much can be saved provided total savings are within the £250,000 limit for all saver accounts.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The Chase account offers: MSE’s weekly Money Tips email has 8.4 million subscribers and is published on Wednesday. The latest Money Tips email can be viewed here.