But that is a lesson our country will have to learn again. After decades of monetary stability, the destroyer is back. Yesterday, official figures showed inflation in April had soared to 9 percent, the highest level for 40 years. In the face of this surge, many households are now struggling desperately to pay even for the basics like food and bus fares. Nor is there any indication that the peak has been reached, since producer costs are increasing dramatically, up nearly 19 percent on a year ago, while the energy price cap is due to hit an incredible £2,800 in the autumn. Eager to avoid responsibility for this worsening crisis, the guardians of our economy try to put the blame on international factors, like the legacy of Covid, the war in Ukraine, overstretched supply lines and international commodity prices. Only this week, the embattled Governor of the Bank of England Andrew Bailey told MPs he felt "helpless" as the storm intensifies. But global factors are not the whole story. After all, Britain has the highest inflation rate of the major industrialised nations, far above France at 4.8 percent, Switzerland at 2.6 percent and Japan at 1.2 percent. A key part of the problem is that the Government has engaged both in a massive spending spree, which has pushed up debt to unprecedented levels, and a blinkered energy policy, which has blocked the use of Britain's plentiful natural resources. To help pay for this mix of financial profligacy and power denial, the Bank of England printed vast amounts of money under its so-called Quantitative Easing programme. But the principles of sound money cannot be defied indefinitely. Throughout history, the creation of cash from thin air has always degraded the currency and led to inflation. This folly was compounded by a reluctance to act once it became clear that inflation had returned. The Bank of England, which gained its independence exactly 25 years ago this month, continually refused to put up interest rates despite repeated warnings that, without such a policy, prices would soon spiral out of control. One of the most powerful voices in favour of tough action was the Bank's chief economist Andrew Haldane, but his advice went unheeded before he left last year. Governor Andrew Bailey justified his timidity by claiming the burst of inflation was transitory and would not persist.  It was a badly mistaken judgement, as a chorus of critics have remarked this week, including one Cabinet minister who said the Bank had "failed its big test." The worry is that Bailey does not have sufficient authority to get a grip. An economic historian by training, he lacks the stature of his three immediate predecessors. The avuncular Eddie George was a master of the markets; Mervyn King was a world-class economist; and the Canadian Mark Carney was a star on the international money circuit. In contrast, Bailey has the air of a middle manager out of his depth. "I had hoped he would grow into the job but frankly he hasn't," in the verdict of one City figure. Having been complacent, Bailey now seems to be sliding into panic as he talks of "apocalyptic" food price rises. Instead of indulging in alarmism, he should be tackling the crisis with an immediate rate rise. Beyond the Bank, the Government should immediately introduce measures to deal with the impact of the inflation crisis.  One obvious step that could be taken now is an Emergency Budget that could feature a windfall tax on the profits of energy companies, as well as a cut in VAT on fuel charges and a one-off payment to the lowest income families to help with bills. So far the Government has rejected the idea of either an Emergency Budget or a windfall tax, partly because Labour has proposed both. But this is no time for political tribalism The hour is too urgent, the need of the country too great. Nor is there anything unconservative about a windfall tax. Mrs Thatcher imposed one on bank profits in 1981. What truly runs against her philosophy is to reject the concept of sound money, as our rulers have unwisely done in recent years. We are literally paying a high price for that error. 