The trial highlights the stark contrast between Ukraine, a nation where the rule of law holds sway, and Russia, in the grip of a callous dictator who allows no challenge to his authority. We cannot know how long this conflict will continue, but there is currently no clear end in sight. The world has been shocked by the barbaric behaviour of some Russian troops, who clearly assume there will be no consequences for their actions. These proceedings in a small Kyiv courtroom send a message that justice will eventually be done, however long it takes. The trial will no doubt be the first of many. Putin believed his invasion would be easy. In fact, his ill-disciplined armed forces have suffered setback after setback. There is no sign, however, that he understands the magnitude of the error he has made or the damage he is inflicting to his own country. Just as Putin appears determined to continue his bloody war, so Ukraine’s allies must remain steadfast in our determination to support their fight to preserve their freedom. ---------------------------- The Queen looked marvellous as she attended the Royal Windsor Horse Show, days after missing the State Opening of Parliament due to mobility issues. She was clearly enjoying herself, and it was wonderful to see her radiant smile. Her Majesty’s good humour will have provided a welcome tonic in challenging times for many people. It’s only natural to have some concerns about the Queen’s health as she has missed a number of engagements of late. So it’s reassuring to see her enjoying life as much as ever. The Platinum Jubilee will be a welcome opportunity to show our appreciation for a remarkable woman who has served this country loyally for so long. ---------------------------- Singing Ukraine’s praises Some people hold parties when the Eurovision Song Contest takes place. Others aren’t quite so keen. Europe’s annual festival of kitsch isn’t to everyone’s taste, but millions will be viewing when the finals are broadcast from Turin tonight. The UK’s entry, Sam Ryder’s Space Man, has been widely praised. However, it’s possible that judges and viewers across Europe will decide they want to show solidarity with Ukraine by awarding it top marks. This is one contest where we won’t mind the UK losing if it means that Ukraine wins instead.