Waking up in a new destination with a stunning view is one of the greatest parts of travelling. London is the UK’s most beautiful city in the morning but where else made the list? According to new research from Premier Inn, London is the UK’s most beautiful city to wake up in. READ MORE: Airport 'like the Hunger Games' as Brits queue for hours at security   London wasn’t only the most beautiful city in the UK but also the most Instagrammed by early risers worldwide. The capital city has an incredible 39,600 hashtags with guests excited to wake up to views of Big Ben or St Pauls. Royal family fans could pay a visit to Buckingham Palace or explore one of the city’s royal parks. Foodies have plenty to delight them in London with plenty of delicious stalls in Borough Market. Cardiff took the second spot and it’s not hard to see why the Welsh capital was one of people’s favourite morning locations. Tourists could explore Cardiff Castle, which was once a Roman fort, a Norman stronghold and a Victorian palace. Adventure seeking staycationers could have a go at the city’s incredible white water rafting facility. Cardiff Bay is one of the Welsh city’s highlights offering stunning views over the water.  Manchester was the first Northern city on the list and took the third place for best city to wake up in. Tourists could take a river cruise, or take a tour of one of Manchester United or Man City’s grounds. Football fans will be spoilt in Manchester with the National Football Museum full of incredible artefacts and information. The city is also one of the UK’s leading shopping destinations with a huge range of chain and independent shops to uncover. Edinburgh took the fourth place in the most beautiful morning cities while Glasgow took the fifth spot. Both Scottish cities are fantastic staycation destinations. Culture vultures could visit Edinburgh for its world-famous Fringe festival. Glasgow’s buzzing nightlife scene is one of the UK’s best with plenty of small venues and clubs to enjoy. Tourists could even tick off both Scottish cities on a summer holiday with only a short train ride separating the two.