Chelsea should sign Bayern Munich striker Robert Lewandowski to close the gap to Manchester City and Liverpool, according to Glen Johnson. Lewandowski is reportedly pushing to leave Bayern this summer and Johnson believes he would be a perfect replacement for the misfiring Romelu Lukaku.   Chelsea are third in the Premier League, 16 points adrift of second-placed Liverpool, despite spending over £220million on strikers in the past few years. Lukaku arrived in a club-record £97.5m move from Inter Milan at the start of the season but has endured a difficult campaign under Thomas Tuchel, scoring 15 goals in 41 appearances so far. Tuchel has often preferred to field Timo Werner and Kai Havertz up front, yet their goal scoring records are not much better. Werner, who cost the Blues an initial £47.5m in 2020, has 11 goals in 34 appearances, while the £72m Havertz has netted 13 in 44 matches. Lewandowski, by contrast, has scored a whopping 49 goals in 44 games for Bayern this season and 343 in total since joining the club in 2014. According to Sky Sports, the 33-year-old striker has told Bayern he will not sign a contract extension and he wants to push to join Barcelona this summer, rather than leave as a free agent when his current deal expires in June 2023. JUST IN: Chelsea target 'put up for sale' as Xavi ready to sell five players  Former Chelsea defender Johnson thinks the situation represents an opportunity for Chelsea. “For a club like Chelsea, I think they need to sign Robert Lewandowski,” he told Lord Ping. “He is a more realistic signing, but these top, world-class strikers are hard to find. For his age and the possibility of the deal actually happening, I'd say Chelsea should sign Lewandowski. “Chelsea obviously tried when they broke the bank for Romelu Lukaku and obviously [Erling] Haaland was the one they would have liked to have signed, but it was always going to be hard to trump Man City, Liverpool or a team like Real Madrid so he was unlikely going to end up at Chelsea. DON'T MISS Liverpool boss Klopp shares if Fabinho will play in FA Cup final West Ham respond after Man Utd target Rice rejects £200k-a-week offer Agbonlahor makes worrying double prediction as Leeds relegation looms  “Getting to the level of Man City and Liverpool is so hard for anybody, but they need to be consistent. On their day, Chelsea can beat anyone but the consistency that's shown by Man City and Liverpool isn't easy. “You need a big squad, you need players that are buying into what the manager is doing and you need a good set of 18 to 20 players, so Chelsea need to invest and make sure that everyone is on board with what the club is trying to achieve.” Chelsea are currently unable to buy or sell players, or offer new contracts, due to the sanctions placed on owner Roman Abramovich by the UK Government following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. However, the club are hopeful they will be able to strengthen their squad in the summer transfer window, with a consortium led by US billionaire Todd Boehly in the process of buying the Blues from Abramovich. 