Paris Saint-Germain are prepared to keep Mauricio Pochettino for another year in a speculative bid to appoint Pep Guardiola in 2023, according to reports in the French media. Pochettino’s future has been in doubt despite the French outfit comfortably regaining the Ligue 1 title. The former Tottenham boss was reported to be clinging onto his job by a thread after PSG were dumped out of the Champions League by Real Madrid in March. But the club’s domestic form and Kylian Mbappe’s new contract has worked in his favour. Mbappe has signed a mega new three-year deal worth a staggering £1million per week. The Frenchman insisted his “great relationship” with Pochettino helped him make his decision. But PSG have a long-standing interest in appointing Guardiola and reportedly think they have a chance of convincing the Spaniard to join in the summer of 2023. It is the same year that the Manchester City boss’ contract with the Premier League outfit expires. JUST IN: Grealish leaves Guardiola in stitches as Man City star laps up party According to Tuesday’s edition of L’Equipe, PSG are prepared to stick with Pochettino for another year while they wait for Guardiola to run his contract down at City. The Parisians have not won the Champions League since Qatari Sports Investments takeover in 2011, and feel Guardiola could help them reach that level. They are helped by the fact that the 51-year-old has insisted he will not discuss his future with City until the end of his current contract, while expires at the end of next season. "If I extend the contract, it will be at the end of the next season. Before that is not going to happen," he said earlier in May. DON'T MISS...Man City's Raheem Sterling has already made Real Madrid feelings clearPep Guardiola joins Liverpool and Man Utd icons with City title winDe Bruyne 'drunk' on Man City bus parade as Grealish trolls Bernardo "It is many years and I have to see how the team and ourselves are together. Knowing and saying I would stay for 10 more years but we have to take time for that. It is not the time for that in this season or during the next season." Guardiola has been at City since 2016 and is now on his longest period with a single club. His side won the Premier League for the fourth time in five seasons last weekend - which is also their sixth triumph in a decade. City CEO Ferran Soriano has insisted he wants Guardiola to stay at the club ‘forever’ in a clear sign of where the English champions stand in terms of contract talks. "The desire is for Guardiola to stay at City forever, why not? It is possible,” Soriano said during a trophy parade on Monday.