Cleaning expert Lynsey Crombie shared how to make a homemade spray to oust bed bugs on ITV’s This Morning. The cleaning pro spoke to This Morning presenter Holly Willoughy and Phillip Schofield about ousting the pests from the home. Lynsey, who is also known as The Queen of Clean on Instagram, shared a simple method for deterring the critters using baking soda. She said: “You know how much I like to make something myself. “We can make a spray for the mattress. “Hydrogen peroxide, bicarbonate of soda, water and essential oils into a bottle, give it a shake and then you can just spray that all over the mattress. “Leave it, get a dry towel and then just take the surface of it off. READ MORE: How to get rid of pigeons in your garden - 5 easy ways “That’s going to stop them. That’s perhaps easier than steaming. “Or, you can just make a spray as well using the same formula but adding in some white vinegar so it deodorises the air at the same time.” Lynsey also recommended Britons wash their bed sheets weekly to keep bed bugs at bay. For those who can’t fit their duvets in a washing machine, they can instead hang it on the washing line. DON'T MISSOven cleaning: How to clean oven door glass under 5 minutes - ‘cheap’ [INSIGHT]Oven cleaning: ‘The right technique’ to clean oven door glass properly [UPDATE]Wallpaper: ‘Do’s and don’ts’ when DIYing to ‘do a room justice’ [ANALYSIS] “The sun is a natural disinfectant, it’s going to air it. Let the fresh air go through it,” she added. She also recommended using anti-allergen bedding. Some mattress protectors zip right around the mattress to protect it from bed bugs. A dehumidifier kept in the bedroom can help keep the air cleaner which can deter bed bugs. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Lynsey said bed bugs prefer “warm, dark places”. Bed bugs can also “hop around the house” because they’re drawn to these warm, dark places. Homeowners who know they have bed bugs, or are being bitten by them, can use carpet powders or a dust mite plug-in to help oust them. Bed bugs are small, oval brown insects that are often not detected around the home.  However, signs of bed bugs include blood stains on sheets or pillowcases, dark or rusty spots of bedbug excrement on beds and bed sheets and bed bug egg shells or shed skin. Homeowners may also notice a musty odour which comes from the bed bugs. Bed bugs don’t come from poor hygiene but travel to new places by hiding in furniture, suitcases and other objects. This Morning is available to stream on the ITV Hub.