Tiger Woods is again set to defy the odds this week when he plays in the PGA Championship at Southern Hills. Woods, 46, is continuing his remarkable comeback having completed 72 holes at the US Masters in April. His efforts came just over a year after his high-speed car crash in Los Angeles, which left him with multiple breaks and fractures in both legs. During his treatment, the 15-time major winner had to learn to walk again. However, upon his release from hospital, he was able to continue rehabilitation in his luxury £41 million home in Florida, which boasts a gym and swimming cool that aided his recovery. It's fair to say that the American icon can afford the excess though having earned more in prize money in golf than any other player in history. According to Forbes, from tournament displays, he's made around £99 million, and that's without sponsorship money and bonus endorsements. In fact, his winnings amount to less than 10% of what he's made from his exploits in sport. He's earned a staggering £1.375 billion overall, although that figure excludes taxes and agents' fees. JUST IN: Phil Mickelson gives no reason for PGA Championship withdrawal one year after historic win  Woods enjoyed a famous long-term partnership with Nike, and his numerous other sponsorship deals have included contracts with TagHeur, Titleist, and TaylorMade. According to celebritynetworth.com, it has all helped him amount to a monumental net worth of £636 million. His average annual earnings are quoted in excess of £40 million. The form of Woods may have fluctuated dramatically during his 11-year major drought from 2008 until 2019, but it didn't adversely affect his income or global appeal. DON'T MISS:Rory McIlroy makes 'comfortable' Major prediction ahead of PGA Championship'We've all made mistakes' - Greg Norman brushes off question on brutal Khashoggi killingJustin Thomas calls out PGA Tour rebels with clear message for LIV Golf Series hopefuls  This week in Oklahoma, Woods and co will be vying for first prize and a sum of £1.73 million. Second place means just short of £104,000, and third £654,000. Those figures of course, are child's play compared to what LIV Golf Investments are proposing for their Saudi-backed breakaway tour. Their inaugural event at The Centurion CLub in June is offering £3.2 million to the winner.