Meghan Markle was a vision in white when she arrived at St George's Chapel for her and Prince Harry's royal wedding in 2018. Meghan wore a custom gown made by Claire Waight Keller for Givenchy, and it will surely go down in history as one of the most popular royal wedding dresses ever. Claire Waight Keller became the first female Artistic Director of Givenchy in 2017, and she was selected because of her "timeless and elegant" design ethos. A statement from the Royal Family explained: "After meeting Ms Waight Keller in early 2018, Ms Markle chose to work with her for her timeless and elegant aesthetic, impeccable tailoring, and relaxed demeanour. "Ms Markle also wanted to highlight the success of a leading British talent who has now served as the creative head of three globally influential fashion houses – Pringle of Scotland, Chloé, and now Givenchy." Meghan's wedding dress was made of silk cady in a bright white colour and it featured three-quarter-length sleeves.  READ MORE: Prince William and Kate whiz to Manchester for poignant event Other aspects of Meghan's wedding outfit included several subtle symbolic tributes, such as her veil. Meghan's wedding veil was embroidered with flowers representing the 53 countries of the Commonwealth along with the California poppy in honour of her US home state. Wintersweet, a flower that grows at Kensington Palace where Harry and Meghan first lived together, was also embroidered onto the piece. The silk tulle veil was five metres long and memorably Meghan wore it as she walked alone into the chapel before meeting Prince Charles halfway for the final stretch.  Wealth of Geeks analysed global monthly Google searches for wedding dresses from 15 of the most popular royal weddings, and Meghan's ranked in first place with 51,000 average monthly global searches. Kate Middleton's iconic gown by Sarah Burton for Alexander McQueen ranked as the runner-up with 47,000 average monthly global searches. Like Meghan's dress, Kate's wedding gown echoed more classical styles and was reminiscent of the wedding dress worn by Grace Kelly in 1956 when she married Prince Rainier III of Monaco.  DON'T MISS:Meghan Markle and Harry's 'astonished' by Queen's swift reaction [INSIGHT]Meghan to launch new fightback after Netflix dropped Pearl show [ANALYSIS] Richard Madeley digs at Meghan Markle over plans to be President [VIDEO] But unlike Meghan's dress, the main component of Kate's dress was its lace bodice and sleeves. In third place in the rankings was Princess Diana's famous gown by David and Elizabeth Emanuel with 30,000 average monthly global searches. Lady Diana Spencer married Prince Charles in an ivory silk taffeta and lace gown in 1981 at St Paul's Cathedral. The other royal wedding dresses ranked by average monthly global searches were Princess Beatrice (8,200), Queen Elizabeth II (7,700), Princess Margaret (5,600), Princess Eugenie (4,200), Sarah Ferguson (1,900), Princess Anne (1,800) and Camilla Parker Bowles (450). 