Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel is keen on bringing RB Leipzig duo Josko Gvardiol and Christopher Nkunku to Stamford Bridge ahead of next season, according to reports. The Blues are widely expected to target reinforcements in a variety of important positions over the coming months in order to gear up for a renewed Premier League title challenge at the very next time of asking. Chelsea were recently hit with a number of financial sanctions but will be able to spend in the transfer market once the current restrictions are lifted upon the completion of Todd Boehly's proposed takeover, which is expected to go through within the next few days. The west Londoners could ultimately decide to raid Leipzig for the services of Gvardiol and Nkunku when they are free to sign new players in the not-too-distant future, according to Sky Sport Germany reporter Florian Plettenberg.It is claimed that Chelsea are desperate to sign at least one new first-choice defender to succeed Antonio Rudiger, who is set to join Real Madrid on a free transfer upon the expiry of his current deal at Stamford Bridge this summer. The Blues will also lose Andreas Christensen to Barcelona after failing to extend the Dane's contract over the course of this season, with the Catalan giants expected to finalise a deal to secure his services over the coming weeks.Gvardiol has reportedly been identified as one of several options to come in at centre-back by those in command at Chelsea, with Tuchel eager to thrash out a deal with Leipzig when the bidding opens next month. Jules Kounde of Sevilla has also been heavily linked with a move to Chelsea after reaching an agreement over personal terms a year ago and could be in line to finally make the switch to England this summer. JUST IN: Tottenham confirm £150m cash injection after Antonio Conte 'promises' Chelsea have also developed a strong interest in Nkunku, who has emerged as one of the Bundesliga's most coveted assets over the course of this season. The creative midfielder, who has also been deployed as a shadow striker by Leipzig in recent months, has chipped in with a remarkable tally of 34 goals this season and is said to be in high demand in advance of the new campaign.However, it remains to be seen whether Chelsea will manage to tempt Leipzig into selling Nkunku as well as Gvardiol over the course of the upcoming summer transfer window. The German heavyweights are said to be reluctant to cash in on the former at this moment in time, with the player keen on extending his current deal and negotiating the inclusion of a release clause in order to facilitate a big-money move elsewhere at a later date.  It seems as though Chelsea could be forced to play catch-up when the transfer window re-opens in a few weeks' time after having recently been forced to watch from afar due to the sanctions currently in place at the club. Tuchel has already insisted that prospective new owner Boehly will face a difficult task in leading a large-scale recruitment drive when quizzed on Chelsea's hopes of strengthening their current ranks after their final-day win over Watford on Sunday."We have clear ideas for the profiles and characteristics of the players we want," the German coach told reporters. "But you have to convince the player, you have to speak to other clubs and convince yourself this is the player, so there is normally a lot of work." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here