Plastic lawns are thought to be the perfect solution for those who suffer from brown or yellow patches in their grass. They also don’t have to be mowed, which is great for those who are not keen on gardening. However, homeowners are being warned that they will likely need to hoover their garden regularly. A council has warned Britons it will not remove healthy trees to stop leaves, blossoms to catkins being deposited on the increasing number of plastic lawns installed by residents. Central Swindon North Council said people thinking about installing the lawns should be aware that the grass will have to be swept or hoovered regularly to remove debris. The council said: “As plastic lawns become more common, we’ve received requests to remove or trim adjacent trees which deposit blossom, leaves or catkins. “We generally won’t do this. READ MORE: Houseplants: How to keep your plants at the correct temperature “Plastic lawns need to be swept or vacuumed regularly. “Please do think about overhanging trees before you commit.” Wildlife campaigners have been campaigning for years to try and get artificial banned, with fears it could be ruining habitats for insects and wildlife. The installation of plastic grass boomed over the coronavirus lockdowns, according to Easigrass. DON'T MISS:Artificial lawn warning after Katherine Ryan’s balcony caught fire [WARNING]Grand Designs viewers 'love' £170k ranch-style home in Glasgow [PICTURES]Homes Under the Hammer buyer spends £12k to boost London home by £353k [VIDEO] They said sales went up 20 percent, as families looked for easy ways to keep their garden green all the time. Andy Reeves from Swindon North Council said: “Certainly with new developments, it’s young professionals with children who may not have the time to look after the garden but want the benefits of a lawn. “In our area, we are seeing more older residents taking up the offer on the basis of them being lower maintenance. “They’re spending thousands on these conversions from grass to new materials and finding out that they’re not always as low maintenance as they thought.” Mr Reeves said the council would only remove trees if they were diseased or causing damage to homes. James Byrne, landscapes recovery programme manager for The Wildlife Trusts, said: “Plastic lawns are as much use for wildlife as screen doors on a submarine. “With 15 percent of species in the UK threatened with extinction, we need to do all we can to create more space for nature, with wilder gardens providing wildflowers for pollinators and food for birds, not choosing plastic alternatives because they appear ‘convenient’. “At the end of the day, if you have to vacuum your lawn, it’s not a lawn, it’s a carpet.” Comedian Katherine Ryan recently spoke out about her experience with artificial lawn as a bird dropping a cigarette caused her balcony to “burst into flames”. She said: “We hate birds, Bobby especially hates birds, they’re eating all his grass seed ruining his lawn, and now they’re actually trying to kill us by firebombing our house. “That is the only explanation. The house next to us is vacant. There was no workers there the last few days and the balcony that caught alight isn’t even near their balcony. “You just can’t get to it unless you’re a bird. So, a bird tried to murder us. “I think maybe don’t get astroturf is my number one advice.” Katherine said she dreaded to think about what may have happened if her partner had not been so quick to spot the fire.