The BBC had social media users and viewers in stitches after the message mistakenly appeared at the bottom of the screen during the sports segment. BBC presenter Annita McVeight apologised for the error, citing a training exercise going awry for the publication of the "Manchester United are rubbish" in the ticker. TV commentator Scott Bryan shared a clip of the accident, writing: "Errrr… what is going on with the BBC News ticker? FYI: I have checked this on BBC iPlayer and it actually happened. "For a few moments this morning the BBC News ticker said the words 'Manchester United are rubbish.' "UPDATE: BBC News have apologised. "They say that a trainee was learning how to write text for the ticker and accidentally published them onto the BBC News Channel." JUST IN: ‘Stupid idiots with no sense of history’ Union Jack row erupts over Jubilee displays  Ms McVeight said: "While we're on the subject of football, a little earlier some of you may have noticed something fairly unusual in the ticker that runs along the bottom of the screen with news, making a comment about Manchester United. "I hope that Manchester United fans weren't offended by it. "Let me just explain - behind the scenes, someone was training to learn how to use the ticker and to put text on the ticker so they were just writing random things, not in earnest. "And that comment appeared so apologies if you saw that and you were offended and you are a fan of Manchester United. READ MORE: London bus explosion: Five electric buses go up in a fireball "But certainly that was a mistake and it wasn't meant to appear on the screen." But rather than disgruntled Manchester United fans, Twitter was inundated by viewers commenting on the hilarity of the situation. @RobM_07_78 said: "News is out of Salford, so not a surprise it’s a disgruntled Man U fan and well it’s Manchester, so rains normal."  DON'T MISSCarol Kirkwood was unsure about remarrying after split[INSIGHT]Jurassic Park's Laura Dern and Sam Neill weigh in on 19-year age gap[NEWS]Lady Victoria Hervey bares all in eye-popping dress on Cannes Carpet[PICTURES] And @magawk joked: "And people say the BBC don't present factual news anymore." User @jcplinth added: "Even BBC recruitment policy is against Man U." And @KaraonTW added: "Oh that's going to be making the rounds for years."