Manchester United fear being priced out of a move for top transfer target Darwin Nunez, according to reports. Incoming Red Devils boss Erik ten Hag has earmarked the Uruguayan as a possible striker signing ahead of the summer window but might now need to look elsewhere.   Nunez has attracted attention from all of Europe’s top clubs with his outstanding form for Benfica. He finished the Portuguese league season with an excellent record of 26 goals in 28 appearances, and struck six times in the Champions League. His performances in the European quarter-final tie with Liverpool were particularly excellent, scoring in each leg and giving Virgil van Dijk a tough time. The Dutch defender has since named Nunez as one of his toughest opponents. Ten Hag is apparently keen to inject his forward line with quality this summer and has targeted Nunez. Wide-ranging reports suggest they will have fierce competition from Premier League rivals Arsenal and Chelsea. JUST IN: Arsenal boss Arteta may have plan to convince Zinchenko to quit City However, Benfica value Nunez at around £100million and United will not be able to meet that figure this year, according to the Daily Star. The Portuguese outfit have seen players with similar goal records join clubs for fees in that bracket. The 22-year-old was likely to be wanted by any club who failed to sign Erling Haaland or Dusan Vlahovic. Haaland recently earned a mega-money move to Manchester City, while Vlahovic has been impressing at Juventus after switching from Fiorentina in January. Benfica’s price tag will ditch United from the race to sign Nunez. It will leave Ten Hag looking elsewhere for a new striker. DON'T MISS...Man Utd 'send officials to Brazil' to watch exciting playerScholes tells Ten Hag what will be success in first season at Man UtdMan Utd hero Paul Scholes backs ruthless Erik ten Hag decisions The Dutchman is keen to replenish his striking options with youth given that Edinson Cavani is set to leave the club this summer. Cristiano Ronaldo turns 38 midway through next season and it remains unclear just how prominent a role the iconic forward will have under Ten Hag. But a deal for Nunez seems unlikely given that his valuation would eat up the majority of United’s transfer budget. It would also be a joint-record fee for a Premier League club, matching the £100m rivals Manchester City spent on Jack Grealish a year ago. Ten Hag could be further frustrated in his attempts to improve the United squad, the report continues. Midfield targets Declan Rice, Kalvin Phillips and Jude Bellingham are likely to be unattainable this summer. Five first-team stars are expected to depart when their contracts expire next month, giving Ten Hag the tough task of completing a major overhaul.  