Middleweight contender Chris Eubank Jr. has offered to fight Gennady Golovkin after a potential trilogy between Golovkin and Saul 'Canelo' Alvarez was hit by a delay. Canelo's surprise defeat by Dmitry Bivol this past Saturday means he'll activate the rematch clause in their contract, shelving plans to fight Golovkin for a third time in September. Many believed Golovkin was unfortunate not to win his first clash against Alvarez in September 2017, which ended in a controversial draw. Canelo came back to win via a majority decision 12 months later, but his 16-fight unbeaten streak ended in defeat to Bivol, who 'apologised' for delaying their trilogy. A redemption clash against the Russian light heavyweight is now at the top of Canelo's priorities, leaving IBO, IBF and WBA (Super) middleweight king Golovkin in limbo. That feeling of uncertainty may not last long, however, with Eubank Jr. among the first to raise his hand as a potential "new dance partner" for the two-time unified champion. "Well @GGGBoxing looks like your going to need a new dance partner now that Canelo has been dethroned," he wrote on Twitter. "I’m ready to tango baby let’s get it on this summer." READ MORE Anthony Joshua reveals plan for Oleksandr Usyk rematch as he says 'boxing isn't my style'  Sportsmail reported Eubank's team are already at work as they look to open talks with Golovkin's represesentatives regarding a potential summer duel. His promoter, Kalle Sauerland, said 40-year-old GGG was "absolutely" their "number one" target for Eubank's next fight, adding: "We will be in talks with them this week to see if it's going to be an option." That 2018 loss to Alvarez is the only black mark on Golovkin's otherwise spotless record, with the Kazakh contender having won his last four fights in a row. The most recent of those was a ninth-round stoppage of Ryoto Murata in April, which appeared to align him and Canelo perfectly for their trilogy showdown later this year. DON'T MISS Eubank, 32, is on an impressive run of his own after winning six straight fights since losing to George Groves in the World Boxing Super Series in 2018. He most recently got the better of Liam Williams over 12 rounds in February, improving his middleweight record to 32-2. Alvarez made no secret of his desire to run it back with Bivol immediately after Saturday's upset. "Of course," he replied when asked whether he wanted the rematch. "This doesn't end like this."