During a recent episode of BBC's Antiques Roadshow, Fiona Bruce and the team of experts took the roadshow to Woodburn Museum in Northumberland. The site is a former colliery that tells the story of coal mining and the miners’ way of life in northeast England. During the show, a guest stunned expert Andy McConnell when he presented him with two glasses made by William Beilby in the 18th century and revealed the stunning price they would be sold for at auction. Fiona began: "Occasionally, on the roadshow, we get a glimpse into the secretive world of freemasonry. "An organisation made up of mostly male groups called lodges, each with their own traditions incorporating mysterious symbols and objects. "Items like 18th-century glasses, which offer both an insight to the rituals, and the craftsmen that made them." When first looking at the glasses, Andy exclaimed: "These glasses are absolutely the cream, they are firing glasses for toasting. READ MORE: Jennie Bond details why royals will NOT stand with Prince Andrew "So, how on earth do you end up owning these wonderful little gems?" he asked. The guest revealed: "Well, I got a bit lucky really. I had seen them come up in an auction, but they were just a general lot. "They were valued at just £50 to £70, and I pretty much knew when I bought them what they were. "But sadly, they had been spotted by somebody else, so they didn't go up in value but managed to win the lot." Curious, Andy jibed: "What was the price then?" to which the guest revealed: "Just under £6,000." Stunned at the revelation, Andy continued: "So what makes an apparently sensible person spend £6,000 on two glasses the size of a thimble?" "They're local glasses," the guest began. "I just like collecting things that come from Newcastle. It's beautiful stuff, and it's just a passion." Impressed with the style and design of the glasses, Andy went on to reveal the history behind them. DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow guest stunned by Rolex value - but missed out on £6K [INSIGHT]Antiques Roadshow guests amazed by Empire Windrush trunk valuation  [LATEST]Antiques Roadshow guest's Harry Potter item misses out on thousands [WATCH] "What you recognised them as was the work of the Beilby family, William Beilby who was in Newcastle 1768, it is exactly what it says on the tin. "They were Britain's leading enamellers, greatest enamellers working exclusively on glass and glass enamelling is done by, you get the compound powders. "You get the basic colours, and then you grind these glass into powder and then William Beilby, who did both of these glasses, I am sure, would pick up oil on a paintbrush, mix this powdered glass up onto the paintbrush and then paint each colour on one by one. "Firing them each time because each glass and each colour had different melting points and then using them fine brushes painted on these details. "So here we have the masonic compasses and the square on the other side where this style of white floral branding around the top and they are a well-known set. "The first one that came up that we know about was bought by the British Museum in about 2009 for £12,000, then one sold for £8,000 and another one sold for £6,000. "But yours, I know, would fetch today at auction you would get somewhere like £16,000 the pair," he admitted. The guest was shocked at the price of them and simply replied: "Wow," before Andy continued: "What a pleasure. "These are by far the most expensive glasses I have ever had in 60 years on the roadshow, so I am so made up with these and cheers to you. "It's about rarity, we are linking these to one person, William Beilby, this is the best at his peak." Antiques Roadshow is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.