Interviewing under the pseudonym “Marina” to protect her identity, the Russian mother said her two sons were taken into Ukraine having only “held a gun once” and having “no plans to sign a contract” to fight as professional soldiers. She claimed “officers lied, sergeants lied” to her face as she lost contact with her sons and scrambled to find them. It is a fate seemingly befalling many Russian families, with the head of a Russian Soldier’s Mothers Committee saying many had been left “completely in the dark”.    Marina said: “They lied to my face. Officers lied, sergeants, lied. But I’d like to believe that our President, the commander-in-chief, just isn’t aware of the mess and chaos in our army. “I want to tell him that not everything here is like what they say it is on the television.” Earlier, the Russian mother described her two sons being taken into Ukraine having only been conscripted into the army three months previously. She said they were taken into battle having never signed professional contracts with the Russian forces.    She said: “I was told the terrifying news, ‘Your children have signed to become professional soldiers. "‘They’re taking part in the special military operation, and they will return as heroes.’ “I said. ‘What on earth are you talking about? They had no plans to sign a contract. They’ve been in the Army for three months! They’ve only held a gun once!’ It was later revealed that professional contracts had not been signed by her sons and they were brought back to Russia. READ MORE: Putin abandons bodies of 'cannon fodder' conscripts in Ukraine [REVEAL]  At the end of March, just over a month into the conflict in Ukraine, Vladimir Putin signed a decree announcing 134,500 new conscripts into the army. Russia’s defence minister Sergei Shoigu said that none of those conscripted would be sent to “hot spots” in Ukraine, although he did not clarify where those were. And faith in his promises was compromised by previous falsities; on March 9, the defence ministry admitted some conscripts had been sent to Ukraine despite Putin’s explicit denial of that possibility. Svetlana Golub, head of the Soldiers’ Mothers Committee, an advocacy group for soldiers’ rights in Russia, said families were being “completely left in the dark” over whether their sons were going to Ukraine, much like Marina. Ms Golub said: “The families are being completely left in the dark. I know the situation is really bad when the families tell me they can’t reach the soldiers any more.” DON'T MISS: Putin health woes are only chance sick President will be OUSTED [INSIGHT] Scheming Putin offers to HELP West with food crisis [REPORT]Russian state TV insists country is ‘leader of anti-war movement’ [REVEAL]   Meanwhile, advancing Russian forces came closer to surrounding Ukrainian troops in the east, briefly seizing positions on the last highway out of a crucial pair of Ukrainian-held cities before being beaten back, a Ukrainian official said last night. Thousands of troops are attacking from three sides to try to encircle Ukrainian forces in Severodonetsk and Lysychansk. If the two cities straddling the Siverskiy Donets river fall, nearly all of the Donbas province of Luhansk would be under Russian control. General Oleksiy Gromov, deputy chief of the main operations department of Ukraine's general staff, said: "Russia has the advantage, but we are doing everything we can.” Luhansk governor Serhiy Gaidai said around 50 Russian soldiers had reached the highway and "managed to gain a foothold", even setting up a checkpoint. He said:"The checkpoint was broken, they were thrown back ... the Russian army does not control the route now, but they are shelling it.” He added that it was possible Ukrainian troops would leave "one settlement, maybe two. We need to win the war, not the battle”.   