More than a quarter of a million (334,000) interest-only mortgage holders will see their fixed term deal come to an end between 2022 and 2027. Pensioners and anyone over 50-years-old could struggle to find a new deal and be forced to sell up, a trade body has warned. Homeowners are preparing themselves for higher mortgage rates after inflation hit nine percent this week - the highest it’s been in 40 years. People on a fixed rate mortgage won’t notice any difference until their fixed term ends, while those on interest-only mortgages could start to feel the pinch sooner. Approximately 334,000 interest-only mortgage customers will see fixed-term deals end between 2022 and 2027, according to UK Finance. The majority of these borrowers are already over 50 and will struggle to find a new loan, the trade body warned The Telegraph. READ MORE: PIP claim: Thousands could be owed up to £5,000 from DWP David Atkins, 75, and his wife Theresa, 69, told the newspaper they bought their home near Preston in 2004. They opted for an interest-only mortgage as they needed to help fund care for parents and they also have nine children. Their deal ended in July 2021 when the property was worth £275,000 however they still owed £220,000. Mr Atkins said they really struggled because: “They said they don’t do mortgages for people over 75.” DON'T MISS:Nationwide is offering 2% interest rate and £100 switching deal [UPDATE]Inheritance tax: Grandparents may 'reduce or avoid any liability' [INSIGHT]Pensioner 'flabbergasted' after £20,000 removed from her pension pot [WARNING] Although he has since managed to stay in the house without selling up, David’s case highlights how older people could struggle to keep hold of their properties. And he’s not the only one -ADavid Higginson also spoke to the newspaper about his struggles. He took out an interest-only deal that expired in November 2021 when Lloyds demanded he repay £125,000 or sell up. “A Lloyds Banking Group spokesman said: “We contact our interest-only customers throughout the term of their mortgage to remind them of the importance of an appropriate repayment vehicle and to get in touch if they have any concerns." They added: “We have a team of colleagues dedicated to finding solutions for anyone that needs additional help.” Back in December, campaigners warned things were going to get a lot worse for "mortgage prisoners" who can’t move deals because their circumstances have changed. Mortgage prisoners are homeowners stuck on pricey mortgage deals, unable to switch to cheaper ones mainly because they no longer meet affordability tests. A spokesperson said: “A rate increase will ultimately push more repossessions and cause more families to suffer in poverty. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “Mortgage prisoners will be most affected, and they are the ones who have been treated so unfairly for so long.” Last week Martin Lewis urged homeowners to check their mortgage rates following the Bank of England's decision to increase interest rates by 0.25 percent. ( 'You can save thousands' Martin Lewis warns homeowners to check mortgage rates NOW) Doing so could save people thousands of pounds over the course of a year. Mr Lewis said: “With further rate rises predicted, and many lenders' default standard variable rates heading to five percent, checking if you can save by changing deals is a must-do.” 