The Eurovision Song Contest is the entertainment industry's answer to the Olympics with countries around Europe performing their original music in the hope of wowing the world and taking home the crown. This year is no different with the excitement building as the countdown begins until the finale on Saturday, May 14, on BBC One. A big question on everyone's minds leading up to the night is who will take to the stage and who has already been kicked out of the show? EUROVISION is well underway with the grand finale now in sight but who will perform on the big night?  Every year, around 40 countries across Europe opt into the Eurovision Song Contest, desperate to make the final cut. In the end, only 25 countries are going to be able to perform in Turin, Italy, at PalaOlimpico, the largest indoor venue in the country. Italy will be hosting the 2022 competition after winning last year's show with rock band Maneskin's Zitti e Buoni. The fact that Italy won also means that they are automatically put straight through to the live final this year. READ MORE: Eurovision 2022: Italy dealt crushing blow days before final But Italy would have been in the 2022 song contest final anyway as it is one of Eurovision's five big countries that contribute the most to the competition every year. As well as Italy, the big five consists of the United Kingdom, France, Spain and Germany. So no matter what, these five will always go straight to the final with no need to compete in the semi-finals. The rest of the countries taking part, however, have to battle it out in the week leading up to the last show. The first semi-final of 2022 took place on Tuesday, May 11, with 10 acts winning their spots in the line-up. The 10 countries who went through from the first semi-final were: Armenia Netherlands Norway Portugal Switzerland Ukraine Greece Iceland Lithuania Moldova DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Double exit for Moira Barton and Faith Dingle [THEORY]Eurovision semi-final 2022: Serbia’s Konstrakta causes stir [REACTION]'Meghan Markle doesn't matter’ swipes Serbia's Eurovision entry [EXPLAINER] The next semi-final will air on Thursday, May 12, from 8pm on BBC Three. Here, the next 18 countries are going to battle it out for their place in the Saturday night show. Once again, only 10 will go through, completing the line-up for the Eurovision Song Contest finale 2022. According to Betfair Exchange, there may already be a clear winner. The bookies has stated that Ukraine is at the top of their list with 4/6 odds of winning the trophy. In second place is the United Kingdom with 15/2 with high hopes of TikTok star Sam Ryder being able to come home triumphant. The UK's odds are then followed by Italy with 9/1 and Sweden with 11/1. The Eurovision Song Contest finale airs on Saturday, May 14, at 8pm on BBC One.