Season four of Stranger Things certainly packed a punch with the storyline taking fans deeper into the Upside Down than ever before. Netflix has split the fourth outing into two volumes with the first seven episodes of the season dropping in one go and the final two following suit in a month’s time. The volume one cliffhanger has left viewers with a raft of questions about the fate of some of the show’s beloved characters. Nancy Wheeler (Natalia Dyer) was dragged into the clutches of new villain Vecna (Jamie Campbell Bower) after she was about to escape from the Upside Down. Moments before Nancy was due to climb to the safety of the real world, Vecna entered the high schooler’s mind and plunged her into a nightmare. Vecna was playing on Nancy’s guilt for Barb Holland’s (Shannon Purser) death in season one and he tormented the student by taking her back to the location where her friend was killed by a Demogorgon. Audiences will remember how Barb was patiently waiting for Nancy to come out of Steve Harrington’s (Joe Keery) house, sitting by the pool when she was attacked by the monstrous creature. READ MORE: Stranger Things: Who is Tammy Thompson in Stranger Things? Steve and Nancy were sleeping together while Barb was dragged into the Upside Down, never to be seen again. Over the seasons Nancy has felt this guilt and it looks like Vecna tapped into this, but could her friends save her just like they managed to do so with Max Mayfield (Sadie Sink)? Using Kate Bush’s track Running Up That Hill (A Deal With God), Max was rescued from Vecna as the teen fled for her life and made it back to safety. The gang could conceivably save Nancy from Vecna, who infiltrates his victims’ minds and preys upon their trauma before killing them to grow stronger. Additionally, the trailer for volume two shows Nancy very much alive and intact in new footage. This would suggest she is rescued from Vecna and lives to fight another a day. One glimpse of Nancy shows her with Steve and Robin Buckley (Maya Hawke), who has donned a beret as the trio go on the offensive. Nancy is holding a gun and they witness an explosion, which they may have caused it. READ MORE: Stranger Things: Is Dr Brenner really Eleven's dad? Then again, Nancy may die later on in the season with the teaser not giving an accurate picture of what happens to her. The same can be said for Steve, who appeared unscathed and apparently made it out of the Upside Down. Given Stranger Things is confirmed to be returning for a fifth and final season, it would make sense to save any big deaths for perhaps the last run rather than prematurely felling any fan-favourites. However, this is Stranger Things where any character could meet their maker at any given moment given the deadly nature of living in Hawkins. DON'T MISS...Who plays Enzo in Stranger Things? [EXPLAINER]Stranger Things: Did the experiments on Eleven happen in real life? [ANALYSIS]Is Dr Brenner from Stranger Things based on a real person? [INSIGHT] Volume two will shed further light on Vecna and how One/Henry Creel ended up becoming the monstrous creature from the Upside Down. The first instalment served up a twist as Eleven (Millie Bobby Brown) was manipulated by him while at Hawkins Laboratory. Viewers will also see if Eleven has her powers completely restored and whether she can defeat Vecna. Over in the USSR, Hopper (David Harbour) and Murray Bauman (Brett Gelman) will be trying to find out what the Russians are up and how they are trying to use the Upside Down to win the Cold War. Stranger Things season 4, volume 2 will be released on Netflix on July 1