With a brief exception of the Russo-Ukraine war, the news cycle has, in recent months, focussed primarily on reports of the Prime Minister breaking his own lockdown rules. The spotlight appears now to have shifted slightly to Sir Keir Starmer, who is now himself under police investigation over claims he broke lockdown rules by having a beer and a takeaway curry with staff last year. Rumours are now circulation around the halls of power that if the Labour leader is found to have broken the rules, he will resign from his position, forcing Mr Johnson to do the same. But after months of resignation demands and apologies, trade unionist Paul Embery thinks this may all have gone too far and has become “utterly tedious”. He conceded that his mind was split on the matter, perhaps reflecting the wider mood (or moods) of the nation. Mr Embery wrote in a post on Twitter: “Part of me thinks: ‘Plague on all your houses. You lot forced through these extreme lockdown restrictions, so you deserve everything you get.’ “But a greater part of me thinks: ‘This story has become utterly tedious, and the country is sick of it. “’Move on.’” This mix of responses was reflected in a walk-about in Stoke yesterday, on May 6. Former coal miner Paul, 71, told Express.co.uk that ‘Beergate’ accusations are “b******t”. READ MORE: Britons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ He insisted: “The Tories broke the law but are trying to put publicity on Stammer.” Laszlo, however, contended that it would make little difference if Mr Johnson was forced to step down because politicians the country over appear to be “living in a parallel world” and are adapt only at the “art of lying”. Matt, a young musician, voiced the mindset of perhaps the underreported many when, after being questioned about ‘Partygate’, he admitted: “I haven’t got a clue what it is.” DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] He was far more concerned by the impact Government-imposed, and Opposition-backed lockdowns had on his career, stressing this “really impacted my livelihood”. The responses received by Mr Embery further show the split in attention levels across the country to reports of lockdown rule breaking. Occasional GB News contributor Oscar López said he was “unfortunately” still on the side of viewing the situation through a serious lens. He stressed: “I feel if we just let it get away it could happen again.” Sandra Dodd, on the other hand, wrote: “Far too much valuable police and Parliament time has been wasted on this already.” The conclusion into Sir Keir’s actions in April last year will likely determine for how much longer the story lives on.