Tim Bradford (played by Eric Winter) and Lucy Chen (Melissa O'Neil) finally gave fans what they were waiting for after four seasons of speculation - but are the two officers officially together? Thankfully, The Rookie will be answering this question in the confirmed fifth season, but the latest ratings have indicated ABC viewers are starting to lose patience with the primetime cop drama. The fourth season finale of The Rookie didn’t achieve the ratings ABC were looking for, according to the latest figures. Episode 22, Day In The Hole, closed out the season with some of the lowest viewing figures for the series, despite a huge moment for officers Tim and Lucy. According to TVLine, the latest episode received 3.5 million total viewers and a 0.3 demo rating. The Nathan Fillion-led drama’s ratings have been dipping week-to-week, and Sunday’s episode matched the season’s demo low back in January. READ MORE: Emmerdale’s Jeff Hordley criticises soap character Cain Dingle Even so, the series has maintained decent ratings for ABC, and has rarely dipped below two million viewers an episode since season four kicked off last September. Plus, Tim and Lucy’s steamy undercover kiss could convince more viewers to come back to the series when season five premieres after the summer. Fans have been hoping for sparks to fly between the two officers practically since the series aired its first episode in 2018. In the finale, they’re both sent on a dangerous undercover mission when Tamara (Dylan Conrique) drives in with a new second-hand car which the team discovers has been packed with heroin. Lucy tracks down the car’s previous owner, a drug dealer who bears a striking resemblance to her colleague Tim. Incredibly, the Bradford lookalike has a girlfriend who is the spitting image of Lucy, and the two cops decide to work the case together. First, the pair have to get their story straight and decide to get together to work on their undercover identities. After years of waiting, viewers finally witnessed “Chenford’s” first step to making things official - a quick peck before finally delving into a long, passionate kiss. DON'T MISS:Below Deck Down Under's Jamie addresses Magda dating rumours [COMMENT]Outlander’s Caitriona Balfe explains season 6 cliffhanger [INSIGHT]Ozark’s Darlene Snell star opens up on ‘crushing death’ [INTERVIEW] Although their first act as something more than friends was under the pretence of an undercover persona, it certainly seemed authentic to the show’s fans. Once the episode had aired, @RochaRocha2021 tweeted: “I can't believe the long-awaited Chenford kiss finally happened. It was worth waiting four years for this scene.” @rookiestruggIes wrote: “Can’t decide if that was evil of @therookie to give us a Chenford kiss and give us nothing more or brilliant to keep us coming back next season. And Christina Laura said: “My emotions were ALL OVER the place last night and I promptly cried myself to sleep because #Chenford KISSED!!!” “Well done @Mel13Oneil and @EricWinter1. This summer is going to be complete torture.” Luckily, season four’s dwindling ratings haven’t affected ABC’s plans for season five just yet. The series is expected to return to filming in a matter of weeks and start airing in September, but will there be an official update for Lucy and Tim when The Rookie returns? The Rookie is available on ABC in the US. A UK release date has yet to be announced.