With over 60 percent of the UK classed as having hard water, limescale is a problem for many. It presents itself in a powdery-white crust and lingers around taps, sinks, toilets, shower screens, and anywhere else you might find water. Limescale is a substance mainly made up of calcium and magnesium, which is left behind when hard water evaporates. This build-up isn’t just unsightly, but it can actually cause damage when left too long to set. A build-up of limescale can restrict the flow of water and reduce the efficiency of your taps and showers. As time goes on and the longer it’s left, it could cause you to use the appliances for longer than you usually would, which could boost your utility bills even higher than they already are. Unfortunately, there appears to be no finite solution to ensure limescale doesn’t reappear, meaning it tends to be a constant battle for those in the bathroom. However, there are some easy methods to not only remove the limescale using items you likely already have but also some good tips to keep it at bay.  READ MORE: How to strip towels with baking soda - best method for soft towels  For tap tips and head showers, unscrew and soak them in the solution for best results. Baking soda is another top method to remove limescale from taps and appliances. To do this, it’s advised to mix three tablespoons of bicarb with one tablespoon of water. The mixture should form into more of a paste-like solution. Next, apply it to the limescale-stained area and allow it to dry. Using a brush, dust off the treated area until the solution flakes off.  Using a wet cloth, give the area one last wipe down before drying it with a cloth. The acidic nature of lemons provides antibacterial and antiseptic properties, which help to kill bacteria, mould, mildew, and even in some cases, rust. Lemons are solid cleaning agents, and perfect resources to clean away pesky limescale. To use lemon, it’s advised to first slice it in half. Next, place one half over the calcified area on the faucet. Pushing the cut-side of lemon into the end of the tap, make sure the lemon is tightly enclosed around it. DON'T MISS: ‘Should do the trick’: ‘Best’ way to unblock a sink without chemicals [ANALYSIS]How to get tough stains out of your carpet - 'saved my carpets!' [EXPLAINED]‘Inexpensive’ 30p item to keep dark clothes ‘looking good for longer’ [INSIGHT]     Rotate the lemon back and forth until it latches even tighter, and let the acidic juice break down the build-up. If you’re cleaning a larger fixture like a showerhead, place multiple lemon halves over the entire area. Secure the lemon in place with a small plastic bag and rubber band, or clingfilm and leave it to sit. After a while, remove the lemon and wipe down the area with a damp cloth. To get a brighter finish, soak the cloth in any remaining lemon juice and wipe it with this.  Wipe the tap down with plain water, then dry the area. As much as limescale has a tendency to return, there is a way you can maintain your taps and prevent the build-up from occurring on a daily basis. A key way to do this is to remove all moisture with a microfibre cloth every evening or just after use. Maybe keep one of these cloths near the sink for easy access. Wiping the taps down regularly will prevent the hard water from leaving cloudy spots and mineral deposits. 