The young Ashton-in-Makerfield local has been winning over the public with her spot-on impression of the Queen. Donning a dusty pink outfit, a string of pearls, and a matching hat, Isla has been attending a series of "royal engagements" to mark Her Majesty's Platinum Jubilee. The 3-year-old also dons a grey wig to match the Queen as closely as possible and has a toy corgi accompanying her. She has visited more than a dozen nursing homes around Merseyside, Nottingham, and Greater Manchester to treat residents to her near-perfect impression. During each of her visits, Isla walked down a red carpet while waving majestically at her hosts and shaking hands with the "public." Her engagements also involve helping plant trees in the care homes as part of The Queen's Green Canopy initiative. Talking about her tour, Isla said: "‘I have loved being a mini Queen and helping to plant all of the trees. JUST IN: Prince Harry accused of 'destroying the Royal Family' - Queen urged 'you can't trust them' "I like waving and making the residents smile." Cheadle Manor manager Rowena Bolton said the residents were ecstatic to meet the pint-sized Queen. Ms Bolton said: "The residents were thrilled to have a mini-Queen for the day and enjoyed the celebrations. "There were smiles all round." READ MORE: Queen ‘wants Royal Family around her’ as monarch refusing to condemn Harry and Meghan Isla's mum Alex said the 3-year-old has been loving her outings and enjoys meeting with the elderly residents. She said: "Isla thoroughly enjoyed her time at Cheadle Manor and Bramhall Manor, and especially loved dressing up as The Queen. "It is a real privilege for Isla to be involved in the Platinum Jubilee and by planting the tree she is playing her part in improving the environment and leaving a lasting legacy in Stockport." DON'T MISS:Prince Harry accused of 'destroying the Royal Family' [INSIGHT]Queen honours 8 areas with new city status for Platinum Jubilee - list [REPORT]Sussexes snubbed from balcony over fears royals would 'resent' them [ANALYSIS]  The Queen has been marking the Jubilee since the 70th anniversary of her accession in February. Whilst she has had to slow down her public appearances due to her struggling mobility and having caught Covid in February, Her Majesty has unleashed the full force of the Royal Family to help her mark the momentous occasion. Prince Charles and Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall will be returning on Friday from a three-day visit to Canada, which follows her tour of the island of Ireland in April. Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge have further stepped up with a visit to the Caribbean last month and a series of public engagements across the UK, including the premiere of Top Gun - Maverik on Thursday. Prince Edward and Sophie, the Countess of Wessex alongside Princess Anne have also been helping with the celebrations, as have most of the Queen's grandchildren. And Her Majesty will be treated to a full family reunion during the long Platinum Jubilee weekend of June 2-5 as Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will also be returning with their two children to mark the anniversary.