Real Madrid defender Dani Carvajal has claimed that his side's recent European triumph was somewhat overshadowed by the ugly scenes that took place outside the Stade de France before, during and after the Champions League final on Saturday evening. Vinicius Junior's second-half strike rubber-stamped a famous victory for the Spanish giants over Liverpool, who dominated proceedings for large parts of the contest but failed to make the most of their chances under the lights in Paris. The occasion was marred, though, by the events that unfolded outside the stadium with thousands of Liverpool fans being denied entry after huge queues formed and tear gas was used by local riot police to subdue the crowds. Carvajal has since expressed his frustration over the 'chaos' that has dominated the headlines in the wake of the fixture before urging authorities to ensure that similar issues will not arise in future."There was quite a bit of chaos," Carvajal told reporters on Tuesday while on international duty with Spain. "Our closest relatives, my parents, my wife and my son, had to be left practically at the door of the stadium because security getting in couldn't be guaranteed."It's a shame that because of something external the final could be a bit tainted. It must be noted and corrected for the next events that take place at that stadium. JUST IN: Man Utd ace Paul Pogba's next move obvious as PSG make final decision "It needs to improve, because there were people that suffered a lot. It should have been a dream day, whether you win or lose, and there were people who couldn't enjoy it."Liverpool have called for an apology after French authorities pointed the finger at Reds supporters, who they said had purchased fake tickets and turned up late to the fixture. Club chairman Tom Werner wrote to French sports minister, Amelie Oudea-Castera, earlier this week in order to demand an explanation for the scenes that unfolded after some fans, including children and disabled supporters, were tear-gassed by French riot police. "Your comments were irresponsible, unprofessional, and wholly disrespectful to the thousands of fans harmed physically and emotionally," Werner was quoted as saying by the Liverpool Echo."The UEFA Champions League final should be one of the finest spectacles in world sport, and instead it devolved into one of the worst security collapses in recent memory."On behalf of all the fans who experienced this nightmare I demand an apology from you, and assurance that the French authorities and UEFA allow an independent and transparent investigation to proceed." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here