Readers, you know I resisted the lure of a smartphone, clinging to my £8 Nokia until the pandemic forced me – on pain of not seeing my grandchildren’s rosy faces – into the cruelly efficient online universe. I tried with all my might to stay virtuous and not virtual. I still write and post cheques. Still shop in person given half a chance and I didn’t poke so much as the tip of my toenail into the social media pool until January this year. My stormy love affair with Instagram, which erupted ever since, will fuel future columns. Alas, I have remained stubbornly loyal to the Mini that now costs £70 to fill, and Feltz Towers is a small but listed Victorian gothic folly where wind whistles gustily through rattling windows and fissures in the warped wainscoting. The place is glacial even in a tropical heatwave and positively deep-frozen in winter. As always, my forward-thinking son-in-law Dan leads the way to cost-of-living crisis survival. He’s having solar panels installed at their north London homestead. He’s proactive, anxious, determined to go all out to avert the dreaded fuel bills. He pushes me out of my inertia, and into checking out these possibilities. And it turns out that in the UK solars start around the £10,000 mark. There are no cuddly toys, inducements or easy payment plans. In Ireland, where I have a modest rural idyll, it’s a totally different picture. Until recently the Irish Government offered a grant, taking that £10,000 down to £7,000. It also offers a feed-in tariff so you can sell any surplus energy generated back to the grid. The whole shebang is cheaper and more enticing there and the thought of being paid for the energy produced via the panels they helped finance is irresistible. Solar panels are a damned good thing in terms of sustainability and doing our bit for the planet. That’s why the Government allows them to carry no VAT. But they’re still prohibitively expensive. Who the heck, except my frugal son-in-law, has a spare 10 grand down the back of the sofa? Surely the Government should do all it can to help us all help the planet by making solar panel packages much more affordable – and cement the deal by forcing MPs to preach the gospel and bring heel-draggers like me into the fold. I’ve tarried till the waiting list stretches into infinitum to sign up for an electric car. Let’s not wait for the shock of October’s heating bills to address the cost of solar panels. Should the Duchess of Sussex visit her ailing father? Meghan Markle’s detractors claim that she doesn’t make a move without a camera crew on hand to film every compassionate second. Recently, pictures of her visit to lay flowers at a temporary memorial to the 19 children and two teachers massacred in Uvalde were beamed all around the world. Yet despite the potentially favourable “optics” she doesn’t appear to have grabbed a photographer and a bunch of grapes and spent a few minutes by her dad’s bedside. I wonder why? Perhaps the rift and the rancour run far deeper than we realise. I hope they don’t rescind my invitation to the Chelsea Flower Show if I agree with Monty Don who is also sceptical about this year’s winner. A Rewilding Britain landscape is not a garden. It’s a statement, a symbol... but a place of sanctuary and succour, a banquet of blooms or a fantasia of fragrances it certainly is not. As an amateur and incompetent horticulturalist I can hardly believe I have the chutzpah to say this but for heaven’s sake, Chelsea gardeners, lighten up and move on. We’ve had it with “issues” gardens. We want beauty and colour. We’ve had it up to here with “hedgerow style”. We don’t want a return to ranks of straight salvias, but we yearn for excitement and inspiration. Is it true an artery-clogging circle of mush has superseded chocolate cake in our affections? How could a shift of such proportions have occurred in the shadow of Bake Off? Cheesecake – and it doesn’t matter what flavour it is – is a compilation not a confection. You crumble digestives, whizz up cream-cheese, bung in some sugar, cook for a bit – or stick the whole shebang in the fridge. Then the thing collapses when you cut it. Chocolate cake is a proper bake that’s now sitting miserably at No2 and as for the classic Victoria sponge being relegated to third place in our hearts – well, don’t get me started. The Netflix show Stranger Things has propelled Kate Bush’s 1985 hit Running Up That Hill to the iTunes No 1 slot. And why not? You can’t keep a great song down. I sang that one at the top of my voice every time I pushed my baby’s buggy up the unforgiving undulations of Hampstead Heath. It has served four generations of my family, and many others who have hummed it during stressful ascents ever since. As for the song’s subtitle (A Deal With God) – who hasn’t tried an emergency plea bargain with the Almighty in extremis? Make her better, dear Heavenly Father and I promise I will never sin again. I bumped into mathematical maestro Johnny Ball the other day. At 84, the man is fizzing with energy and ambition. He is, echoing the words of Marlon Brando, “a contender” and he’s determined to stay in the fray. He now fancies a reprise of his 1964 gig compering Rolling Stones concerts and he’s calling on the band to rebook him for their 60th-anniversary gig. Frankly, they could do worse. He is fast, funny and fascinating. Audiences love him, and it could be educational too. Indeed, who couldn’t do with a quick refresher on quadrilateral equations?