On Tuesday, Prince Charles delivered the Queen's Speech for the first time at the State Opening of Parliament. Charles was joined by his wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall and his elder son and heir Prince William for the important occasion. While the Queen symbolically appeared to transfer more duties to Prince Charles with the State Opening of Parliament on Tuesday, it seems highly unlikely the Queen would ever abdicate. Abdication is common in other European monarchies, but the Queen famously declared on her 21st birthday that her "whole life whether it be long or short shall be devoted" to royal service. In Britain, abdication holds some negative connotations. King Edward VIII famously abdicated to marry Wallis Simpson in 1936, and the ensuing chaos of the event is thought to stick clear in the Queen's mind. Read More: Prince Charles to put his foot down and snub Eugenie's royal claim At the moment, the Queen still attends to her royal duties and holds weekly audiences with the Prime Minister. As for the State Opening of Parliament, Charles was entrusted to give the Queen's Speech due to a Letters Patent which allowed him to be there alongside Prince William as serving Counsellors of State. Prince Charles, Prince William, Prince Harry and Prince Andrew are Counsellors of State as the next four people in the line of succession over the age of 21. Constitutional expert Dr Bob Morris of UCL's Constitution Unit told the PA news agency of Charles' opening of Parliament: "They've gone down the Counsellor of State route, that's one way round it. "The Prince of Wales is giving the speech and William is there as his stay and support as it were. It's a rather odd confection but it works." Charles stood in for the Queen at the State Opening of Parliament as she continues to experience "episodic mobility problems". But rather than abdicating, if the Queen ever became too unwell to fulfil her duties as sovereign, a regency could be enacted. In this case, Prince Charles would likely serve as regent. Former BBC royal correspondent Peter Hunt said the opening of Parliament by both Charles and the Duke of Cambridge, with the prince reading the Queen's speech, was a "significant moment for two future kings". DON'T MISSPrince Harry dealt legal blow as judge slaps down Duke of Sussex [INSIGHT]Royal latest as Sussexes return to UK for Queen’s Jubilee [LATEST]The Queen is represented at State Opening of Parliament with £5b crown [PICTURES] He told the PA news agency: "Charles will accelerate his on-the-job training. The heir is teetering on the edge of becoming a de facto prince regent. William will observe what awaits him. "With the Queen progressively withdrawing from public life, the palace is keen to show the monarchy is safe in the hands of father and son." The Regency Act 1937 states that the monarch's duties will be performed by a regent if the monarch is declared to be "by reason of infirmity of mind or body" incapable of performing royal functions, or alternatively if there is "evidence that the Sovereign is for some definite cause not available for the performance of those functions". For this to be approved, it must be declared in writing by three or more out of the sovereign's wife or husband, the Lord Chancellor, the Speaker of the House of Commons, the Lord Chief Justice and the Master of the Rolls. King George III famously experienced mental illness and his son, the future King George IV, acted as regent from 1811 to 1820.