This would seem like a cruel joke if it weren’t for the fact that already hundreds of thousands of patients are waiting weeks to see their GP – desperate, sick frightened people who just want to sit in a room with the one person who can help them. Yet routinely they’re being told doctor can only talk to them via zoom or on the phone - if at all.  Now those people will have to wait even longer or go to already overstretched A&E Depts. What kind of doctoring is that? And why do people go into medicine if they want to work 9-5? Surely they know that illness isn’t a 9-5 kind of thing. Surely they understand people’s fear that when they get sick they need to see a familiar face. I wonder when GP’s take the Hippocratic Oath and read the line that says: “May I always act to preserve the finest traditions of my calling and experience the joy of healing those who seek my help” if they actually understood what those words meant? Because if they did how could they even suggest working office hours? And how do they imagine cutting the numbers of patients they see will benefit patients (they’re saying it will) when it’s blindingly obvious it will STOP many people having access to a GP at all. Healthcare and doctoring can’t ever be fitted into office hours and any doctor who imagines it can is in the wrong job. I’m lucky - I belong to a decent GP practice. But I know only too well that these days they’re as rare as hen’s teeth. And Yes, I get that doctors are overworked and tired. But aren’t we all? Or do doctors think their title, their status means that them being tired and overworked matters more than it does for the rest of us. The pandemic saw GP’s surgeries literally close their doors to millions of sick people. Serious illnesses went undetected and we know now that people died because of that. It’s taken an inordinate amount of time to get surgeries up and running again but lately, it seems that some doctors are Hell-bent on doing everything they can NOT to see patients or to dodge responsibility for them. Thankfully the motion to work 9-5 was withdrawn at the annual conference of UK local medical committees (61% voted against) because they were frightened of the negative publicity it got when it was splashed across the front pages of various newspapers. But it’s astonishing the motion ever got tabled in the first place. What kind of doctor thinks that’s any kind of service to give sick people? However, they did vote in favour of cutting the numbers of people they see which seems wrong especially as their salaries are the best they’ve ever been. The average GP’s salary is between £90,000-£110,000 but some earn north of £200,000. And they get all that without working after hours and at weekends – a situation David Cameron facilitated back in 2012 when for a measly pay cut of 6% GP’s were allowed to opt-out of working after hours and at weekends. Back then GP’s couldn’t believe their luck. As for the rest of us – well we still can’t believe that a doctor can farm out their patients to locums and opt-out of all responsibility for them after a certain time of day. Even as far back in 2001 when Tony Blair unveiled a £100M package of incentive bonuses for those family docs in England and Wales who met agreed performance targets, there was talk of them being paid too much for doing too little. What would those critics say now I wonder? What seems to have changed in recent decades is what’s expected of a GP and the level of dedication and commitment to their patients. Back then being a GP was seen as a kind of calling. However, there’s a militancy that’s crept into the ranks of 21st century GP’s and many seem to want it to relegate doctoring to the status of a “job” rather than “calling”. Good for their family lives but catastrophic for our health. I know there are some committed GP’s who give everything to the job but they’re not the majority anymore. Times have changed – and not in a good way. But what hasn’t changed is a patient’s reliance on, and their need to see, their GP. They also said having too many patients would mean doctors would miss diseases. Er, sorry – but missing diseases is what happens when doctors don’t see patients face to face – something we now know as fact thanks to the pandemic. There was a time when GP’s were THE most respected members of our society. I remember my own GP as a child. She worked her day shift and then two or there evenings a week (and often at weekends) she was on call for the people in her care. She was loved and valued in our community because she made us feel safe. Scroll forward 50 pr so years and it 'aint like that anymore. And however, they try to serve this up the fact is, GP’s cutting the numbers of people they see will make what is already a Hellish situation very much worse. They must know that. The question is – do they care?