The Eurovision Song Contest is back on BBC Three this evening as the remaining 18 countries take to the stage. The Big Five made up of the UK, Italy, France, Spain and Germany will all perform in the grand final on Saturday. UK fans were unable to vote in the first semi-final and here's all you need to know about why. Tuesday night saw the 66th Eurovision Song Contest kick off with a bang from Turin in Italy. The host country won the contest the previous year and were excited to bring the beauty of music to their home. There are 40 countries taking part this year, with the Big Five heading straight through to the final. A total of 17 acts performed on Tuesday, but UK fans were told by hosts Rylan Clark and Scott Mills they were not allowed to vote. Instead, voting in the UK will be open during semi-final two, with fans choosing from the 18 acts performing. READ MORE: Eurovision 2022: UK for last minute upset as Sweden take top 3 place? Those watching in Germany and Spain will be able to vote during this show too. During the first semi-final, it was French and Italian audiences who were able to vote. The overall winner will be determined by a 50/50 vote. Half of the votes come from televoting in each participating country and the other half will come from a group of five music professionals from each country. Votes will open for the second semi-final after all of the acts have performed. READ MORE: Why can Australia compete in Eurovision 2022? When it comes to the grand final, every country, regardless of whether they made it through or not, can vote. However, not every country can vote in the two semi-finals. As the Big Five countries are automatically qualified for the final, they are randomly drawn one semi-final each so voting is as balanced as it can be. This year the UK drew the second semi-final with Spain and Germany. France and Italy voted in the first one. Fans can vote via phone or text, and there is an option to vote via the Eurovision app. Viewers can also head to the BBC Eurovision web page to cast their vote. DON'T MISS... Eurovision RIGGED: How Spain snatched victory away from UK [INSIGHT] Eurovision 2022: Sam Ryder faces huge blow ahead of final [INTERVIEW] Eurovision 2022: Italy dealt crushing blow days before final [DISCUSSION] Fans will know by now that countries cannot vote for their own act. This means sadly UK viewers will not be able to vote for Sam Ryder, with his track Space Man. As the Big Five pay the most financial contributions towards the event, they head straight through to Saturday's final. The grand final will take place at 8pm UK time on BBC One. Graham Norton will be back providing his hilarious commentary. The countries who made it through to the final from the first semi-final are: Switzerland Armenia Iceland Lithuania Portugal Norway Greece Ukraine Moldova The Netherlands  Ukraine remains the favourite to win, with the UK third-favourite, according to Ladbrokes. Other frontrunners include Italy, with both yet to take to the stage.  Eurovision returns to BBC Three tonight, May 12, at 8pm.