Linda Nolan, 63, has taken to Twitter to send a message to Deborah James, 40, after the podcaster confirmed earlier this week that she has been moved to hospice at home care. The Nolan Sisters star is currently receiving treatment after she was diagnosed with incurable secondary breast cancer, which spread to her liver in 2020. In view of her 22,000 followers, Linda emphasised how Deborah had inspired others by sharing her story and raising awareness on her BBC podcast You, Me And The Big C. She retweeted a farewell post from Deborah in which she said goodbye to her fans and followers on Monday. Deborah wrote: "The tweet I never wanted to write. “The time has come to say goodbye. 5 years to prepare, doesn’t make it any easy. “I’m under hospice at home care, & I’m spending my time surrounded by my family. “Please buy me a [wine glass emoji] to see me out and raise vitial funds. http://bowelbabe.org” (sic) In response, Linda penned: “You’ve inspired and saved millions of lives so far and will continue to. “Never forget that,” the singer added alongside a love heart emoji. Other Twitter users also responded to Deborah’s post with their well-wishes. Louisebolotin said: “Wishing you peaceful final days surrounded by those you love. “I’ll be doing the same shortly - I was diagnosed with terminal bowel cancer in January, had no idea before then that I have cancer. “Opted for no treatment but hospice at home.” DON'T MISS...Britney Spears, 40, sparks frenzy as she goes completely NAKED [LATEST]Hairy Bikers star Dave Myers undergoes chemotherapy amid illness [HEALTH]Alex Jones dismayed as son, 3, taken to hospital for operation [INSTAGRAM] Jjuderogers added: “Oh Deborah. Your resilience and joy and love for your family has been incredible to witness. “I so loved spending time with you when you started the podcast. The donations will be huge. “So much love and thanks to you for all you have done for so many people xxx” In view of her 404,000 Instagram followers, Deborah announced on Tuesday that she was facing her final days. The mum-of-two wrote: “The message I never wanted to write. We have tried everything, but my body simply isn’t playing ball. “My active care has stopped and I am now moved to hospice at home care, with my incredible family all around me and the focus is on making sure I’m not in pain and spending time with them. “Nobody knows how long I’ve got left but I’m not able to walk, I’m sleeping most of the days, and most things I took for granted are pipe dreams.” She continued: “I know we have left no stone unturned. But even with all the innovative cancer drugs in the world or some magic new breakthrough, my body just can’t continue anymore.”