Gemma Atkinson, 37, took part in Strictly Come Dancing in 2017 and was partnered with Aljaz Skorjanec, with the couple coming second on the show. The actress detailed in a new interview an awkward conversation she had with Aljaz' wife Janette Manrara while they were taking part. Gemma is in a happy relationship with Strictly star Gorka Marquez, having met on Strictly, although they were not partnered together. The former Holby City star was partnered with Aljaz and has detailed in a recent interview the awkward chat she had with him and his wife. On Vicky Pattison's podcast The Secret To... Gemma was asked if she believed in the Strictly curse. She replied: "People who are watching the show I can see why they would think that. READ MORE: Will Smith asked Jada Pinket Smith to be present for kissing scenes "When you see the pros dancing together they are so intense, it's like an acting performance. "For me it was awkward because I was dancing with Aljaz and we had to do a Rumba. "And obviously Aljaz's wife Janette who was lovely, she's an absolute joy." Gemma continued: "She was saying to me 'You need to look like you want him in that way. It's a Rumba, you have to do it. It's the quarter finals you've got to be intense'. "And I wasn't on the day." Astonished by Janette's comments, Vicky replied: "Coming from someone's wife!" Gemma replied: "So embarrassed! She was like 'Gemma you're dancing, it's a dance routine, that's what you do'." In the same interview, Gemma credited Strictly as the best show she had taken part in, as without it she wouldn't have met her fiance Gorka and had her daughter Mia, two. DON'T MISS... Coleen Rooney is 'different mother and wife' after her famous tweet [INSIGHT] Sir Ian McKellen brands Jake Daniels a ‘hero’ after coming out [COMMENT] Emmerdale star Liam Fox shows off fairytale home with co-star wife [INSTAGRAM] Gemma exclaimed: "Strictly was the job that changed my whole life and as a result of that I've got my daughter and my fiance." Having met on the series, Gorka has previously admitted he was happy he was not partnered with Gemma on the show. Speaking to Angellica Bell on Scala Radio he said: "I didn't want to dance with Gemma. She was very tall for me. "You see some people when they know who they want to dance with or who they don’t want to dance with, if they say they want to dance with that person over there they are very friendly, very happy, very helpful, if they don’t want to dance with someone, some people don’t even talk to them." The pair were planning to marry this year, however the big day has had to be postponed due to their hectic schedules. Gorka is busy for the rest of the year with the Strictly tour schedule, meaning they had to abandon their plan to walk down the aisle in 2022. Gemma told New magazine: "Gorka is literally on tour all of this year. We've only got four days off together. "He's got two Strictly tours back to back, and then he'll be going on Strictly in the autumn. We don't even have a minute to sit down and begin making plans!"