The last quarter moon will continue for another three days, when a new lunar cycle begins. Steady positioning and a slower pace will be apparent for all signs today as the moon embarks on the Taurus transit, but what else should you expect? Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for today. Fiery Aries will be subdued as the moon makes its move into Taurus early today. The new transit will invite a slower pace to end the week as we move into a busy weekend. Much needed relief from external pressures will be felt today, allowing you to take comfort in different aspects of your life. Fiery Aries will be subdued as the moon makes its move into Taurus early today.The new transit will invite a slower pace to end the week as we move into a busy weekend.Much needed relief from external pressures will be felt today, allowing you to take comfort in different aspects of your life. The last quarter moon will continue until the end of the month, with no major shifts in the positioning. While the transit into the signs will change, few breakthroughs or changes will occur in the current lunar cycle. Power dynamics will come to light in some aspects of your life, though you should expect an uneventful transition as the new transit begins. On May 30, 2022, the New Moon will occur. At 2.23am EDT, the moon will head into Taurus, replacing the intensity felt by the Aries transit. Cafe Astrology said: “The Taurus Moon helps moderate our pace and shield us from external pressures. “Finances, belongings, comfort, and security can come into stronger focus under this transit.” While the moon is making its move out of Aries, the love planet Venus will remain in the sign until May 28, where relationships will continue to be enhanced until then. The Taurus Moon will invite creativity and sensuality while encouraging a new, maybe slower pace which works for you. Take the time to step-back and look at power dynamics in your life during this time. Think about relationships, friendships and delve into the way you connect with others on a deeper level. Venus will square off with powerful Pluto during the void Moon, which could stir up some complicated feelings. Cafe Astrology said: “This steady position of the Moon encourages us to enjoy ourselves and what we already have going for us. Life seems to slow down, our feelings stabilise, and we experience less urgency. “Earthy activities and sensual pleasures appeal, and we find a sense of peace and contentment with what’s familiar and reliable.” Reflection on all aspects of your life is encouraged during this time of clarity. Confront your grievances while the Venus in Aries and Pluto in Capricorn alignments last, they will soon come to an end.