Manchester United star Marcus Rashford wants to stay at Old Trafford but wants the situation around him ‘to change’, according to reports. The England international has scored just five goals across all competitions this term, struggling under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. And that means that, as the summer transfer window creeps closer and the Erik ten Hag era nears, his long-term future is up in the air. Manchester United gave Rashford some extended time off after the European Championships back in the summer, allowing the 24-year-old to have shoulder surgery. But the England international has since struggled, netting just five times amid a problematic campaign under Rangnick and Solskjaer. Ahead of Ten Hag taking over, Rashford’s future is up in the air. And Fabrizio Romano says that, while the striker wants to stay at United, he wants the situation around him ‘to change’. “He needs to clarify his position because he wants to play in the World Cup and he knows that he can’t continue like this he needs to be a regular starter and an important player for his club so he will have a discussion with Erik Ten Hag in the coming weeks,” he told the Que Golazo YouTube channel. “He wants to continue at Man United and that’s always been his priority but not this way, he wants to change the situation around him. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings “So, if Man United and Erik Ten Hag will be able to guarantee him being a starter and an important player for us, he will be happy to stay. “If not, keep an eye on Marcus Rashford because he could be an opportunity on the market and one of the names to watch because he wants to play in the World Cup for England and he wants to be a regular starter.” Rashford has fallen down the United pecking order under Rangnick this term. Anthony Elanga instead has been a regular in the team, with the young Swede winning plaudits with some stirring performances. And what ultimately happens with Rashford is something only time will tell. Arsenal have emerged as potential suitors for the forward, though Gabriel Jesus appears to be their priority. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag And Newcastle can’t be discounted, either. The Toon are one of the richest clubs on the planet and will want a new forward to replace Chris Wood. And Rashford could fit the bill amid claims United will let him go should they receive an offer in the region of £60million to £70m. Barcelona have also been linked, with the La Liga giants looking for a marketable replacement for Lionel Messi. And Paris Saint-Germain can’t be ruled out, either, especially with Kylian Mbappe’s future up in the air. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Speaking recently, meanwhile, Roy Keane criticised Rashford and accusing the United star of losing hunger for the fight. “Whether it’s [being] short on confidence, we’ve seen his quality before but we’ve not seen it for a year or two,” said Keane on Sky Sports. “But it doesn’t look like he’s matured enough. “We’ve seen a few games recently, when he was playing at Liverpool through the middle, I said he was playing like a child. “It’s as if he’s not learnt about the game. He’s drifting. He’s lost the hunger. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “These young players get a lot of money and good luck to them, but I think he’s lost the eye of the tiger and he’s struggling to get it back.” And he added: “I think he’s taken his eye off the ball, whatever [it is] with his off-the-field stuff. “Rashford has been around for a few years now, he’s got that experience and played international football. “Wherever Man United want to go, Marcus is being left behind. “He’s left out again tonight and he must be sitting on the bench going ‘where has it all gone wrong for me?’. He can get it back, he’s shown it before, but sometimes when you do lose it, it is hard to get it back. “He’s got to get the hunger back into his game and make the runs like we’ve seen tonight from Elanga. Rashford has lost that bit of hunger, which is huge for a player. He is a talent but we’re not seeing it.”