Barcelona fear keeping Frenkie de Jong for another year will see him lose value in a major boost to Manchester United, it has been claimed. Erik ten Hag is keen on a reunion with the 24-year-old this summer. And talk of a move to the Premier League is gathering momentum. Manchester United are interested in De Jong at a time where Nemanja Matic and Paul Pogba are due to leave Old Trafford behind. And journalist Gerard Romero, speaking on Twitch, has now claimed Barcelona fear keeping hold of the player. It’s claimed the La Liga giants think that, if they keep De Jong for another year, the player’s value will drop. At the current moment in time, noises suggest United will test Barcelona’s resolve by tabling a £75million offer for the player. That would represent an upgrade on the £55m the Catalan titans paid for De Jong back in the summer transfer window of 2019. De Jong has been inconsistent for Barcelona this season, blowing hot and cold under both Ronald Koeman and Xavi. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings And with the La Liga side needing to make a big sale by June 30, it’s possible they’ll let their prized asset go. If United do end up paying £75m for De Jong, he’ll become the third most-expensive signing in their entire history. It would gazump the £89m they paid for Pogba back in 2016, when the France international returned from Juventus after four years away. United paid £80m to snap up Harry Maguire from Leicester three years ago, when Ole Gunnar Solskjaer ruled the roost. And Romelu Lukaku is their third most-expensive addition, having touched down from Everton for £75m five years ago. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag United are determined to bring the glory days back under Ten Hag. And De Jong isn’t the only player being linked with the Red Devils as they look to give their new manager a solid foundation to build on. At the back, United are looking for a centre-back to replace Phil Jones and Eric Bailly - who are primed to leave. Pau Torres, Manuel Akanji and Jurrien Timber have all been linked amid uncertainty over their Villarreal, Borussia Dortmund and Ajax futures. In midfield, as well as De Jong, Kalvin Phillips, Declan Rice and Jude Bellingham are all admired. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz But Leeds, West Ham and Borussia Dortmund have no intentions of letting their prized assets leave this summer. Up top, United want a striker to ease the responsibility on the shoulders of Cristiano Ronaldo. And Darwin Nunez seems to be in their sights, having scored a remarkable 34 goals across all competitions for Benfica this term. Meanwhile, ahead of Ten Hag’s imminent move to United, Rio Ferdinand thinks his old side have become a ‘laughing stock’. "There is no desire, there is no character, there is no intensity with what they are doing,” he said. “There is no understanding of what their gameplan is, either understanding of the gameplan or respect for what they have been told to carry out. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "They are not willing to work for this manager. They are not willing to go out there and play for this shirt. "They are in disarray and the whole place is in disarray. It has become a laughing stock at the place and that is the single most disheartening thing. “We are football people and we love the game. We have a laugh and that. "I am on my way to Manchester and am in the car and the man who is driving with me doesn't even have a laugh about Man United or throw any banter my way. “That tells me people are beyond laughing at us. That is where this situation is at and it is an absolute nightmare. "It needs sorting out and I don't know if the right things are in place to sort it out yet. This isn't a quick fix."