Eric McCormack is known for picking a good script and creating memorable characters. He has played characters such as Will Truman in the hit show Will and Grace, in which he appeared in 246 episodes, Grant MacLaren in Travellers and Daniel Pierce in Perception. The crime drama can now be found on GREAT! tv and the star has revealed why he thinks it was so popular. The 59-year-old actor has been entertaining television lovers since the 1980s, and fans can now get their Eric fix on GREAT! tv, which is known for its nostalgic and throwback TV shows. Daniel Pierce (played by Eric) was an eccentric neuropsychiatrist who used his unique outlook to help the federal government solve complex criminal cases. The show had a loyal fan base, many of whom still comment about how great it was despite the series ending in 2015. On the fan reaction to the show, Eric said: "While each episode has its own crime to solve, the show is really a journey through, and with, a brilliant, unpredictable mind. Read More: 'Couldn’t save him' Will Young addresses decision to throw twin out days before his death "And because Dr Pierce's hallucinations are so real to him, they often fool us, too. "So the audience is never sure and always on their toes!" His character saw him talking to hallucinations to piece together clues in order to solve crimes along with FBI agent and a former student of Daniel's Kate Moretti (Rachael Leigh Cook). Playing such a complex character meant the star had to spend time researching the traits of those who have schizophrenia. He added: "The first thing I learned, particularly from our consultant Elyn R Saks, is that we have to stop thinking about people living with schizophrenia as 'kooky' or 'crazy'. "Their habits and tics are not eccentricities but the tools and the armour they need to get through life. "While mental illness can be quite debilitating, many people, like Daniel Pierce, can be high-functioning. "Reading Dr. Saks' 'The Center Cannot Hold' was a big piece of my research." DON’T MISS…'White working class lads don't get a look in' GB News guest slams diverse BBC coverage [LATEST]'Disgusted' BBC Breakfast sparks uproar over Russian news coverage 'Don't want to see [LATEST]'It was a lie!' Susanna Reid skewers Wes Streeting over Angela Rayner row [LATEST] The show holds many fond memories for the actor, and he described: "The end of season one, we really get to see what a mental breakdown looks like. "Pierce hallucinates JFK, and is convinced there’s a huge conspiracy happening all around him. "We finally see our hero committed to a hospital and it’s very moving." Fan @HoneyandRum_ recommended the show and tweeted: "Have any of you guys watched Perception? Eric McCormack is absolutely brilliant in the show. It’s one of those series I always go back every so often and rewatch, like I do with The Closer.