As the Queen's eldest son, Prince Charles is next in line to the throne. Due to the 96-year-old monarch's ongoing health struggles, the heir to the throne has taken on more royal duties and has even attended some events on his mother's behalf. According to royal expert Robert Jobson, Charles is a "workaholic" and won't be "delegating" to his son, Prince William. Speaking on GB News, host Eamonn Holmes suggested that "perhaps" when Charles becomes King, he and Camilla would "delegate more to William and Catherine". Mr Jobson replied: "Well, the Prince of Wales, as we know, is pretty much a workaholic. "So, I don't think he'll be doing an awful lot of delegation". He added: "I think we have seen, with the Queen in her 90s, a lot more delegation to the Prince of Wales". The royal expert then referred to Charles as "active" and "fit". READ MORE: Princess Charlotte made history after baby brother Louis was born in 2018 He said: "He's a very active very fit man so I don't think that's going to happen [delegation to William and Catherine]". Mr Jobson continued: "I think what we will see is them [William and Catherine] being upfront as the main faces of the monarchy. "They will be travelling the world, they'll be the ones on the front covers of the magazines". Mr Jobson concluded: "I think that they really are a great couple, they complement each other, they do great business with Great Britain PLC and I think its good times here." READ MORE: 'We've all moved on!' Meghan Markle delivered hammerblow as Spotify project dismantled Prince Charles represented his mother at the Commonwealth Service Day in March. Prior to the annual ceremony, the Queen announced that she would not be in attendance and that Charles would be representing her. As well as Charles, Camilla, son Prince William, and daughter-in-law Kate were all in attendance at the ceremony, which took place at Westminster Abbey. DON'T MISS Prince Harry in 'much better spot' than Meghan Markle [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry 'going nowhere' as royals left 'scrambling' for deals [ANALYSIS]Dr Shola hits out at royals as she demands reparations [VIDEO] Most recently, the Prince of Wales and Camilla represented the Queen at the annual Maundy Service. At the event, Queen Elizabeth usually distributes coins to pensioners in an ancient tradition ahead of Easter. This task was carried out by her eldest son this year. The monarch, 96, has been forced to cut back on engagements since being hospitalised for a night last October.