A rundown property overlooking a beach in Cornwall has hit the market for £325,000. Measuring 204 square feet, it comes complete with a kitchen, lounge and two bedrooms. However, the chalet, which is located at Gwithian Sands, has no toilet inside but does have a separate shower room. Gwithian is a coastal village in west Cornwall, three miles from Hayle and four miles from St Ives. It is known for its gorgeous sandy beach, popular amongst surfers. Auctioneers at Auction House Devon and Cornwall said this brings a “unique opportunity” to redevelop the chalet. The listing says the chalet has a “glimpse” of sea views. READ MORE: When to plant out courgettes - exact time to move seeds outdoors There is also a small garden at the front of the property with shrubs. To the rear of the chalet, there is a walled garden, which is where the toilet is located. In need of renovation work, the property would make the perfect holiday or rental home. In the kitchen there is a stainless steel sink unit as well as a window and door to the rear of the chalet. DON'T MISS:Lawn: ‘No Mow May’ more ‘damaging’ to wildlife long-term [COMMENT]Seedlings: Make a reflector using foil to grow ‘much sturdier’ plant [EXPLAINER]Prune houseplants now to avoid ‘diseases’ - ‘will reward you’ [INSIGHT] The hallway into the property features laminate flooring while the walls are panelled with wood. One of the bedrooms has a window to the rear and the smaller room has an internal window bringing in the light. The shower room comprises of a toilet, shower and sink. Potential buyers should also be aware of the seasonal dog ban at Gwithian Towans beach which takes place during July and August between 10am and 6pm. A spokesperson for Auction House said: “This is a unique opportunity to redevelop and modernise (subject to the necessary consents) a two bedroom detached chalet situated within the highly desirable area of Gwithian, Hayle. “Directly from the property there are sea glimpse views however, just a stroll away you will find the popular sand dunes at Gwithian Sands on your doorstep. “The property is freehold and benefits from no occupancy restrictions. “The accommodation briefly comprises of a reception room, two bedrooms, kitchen and an external shower room.” An auction for the chalet will take place on May 26. Cornwall has become a popular second home location for Britons over the last two years. This has caused a shortage of homes in the region as well as driving property prices up. Average property prices in Gwithian currently stand at £440,000, according to Zoopla.