The Government is currently consulting on increasing ithe state pension age again while one think tank thinks it should be increased to 75-years-old. What do you think? Vote in our poll.   Currently, Britons have to wait until they reach 66-years-old to draw their state pension. For people born after April 5 1960, there will be a phased increase to 67, and eventually it will increase to 68-years-old. The state pension age is going to be kept under review, which means that it will change again in the future. The Centre for Social Justice (CSJ) is suggesting changing the state pension age to 70 by 2028 and to 75 by 2035. READ MORE: 'Glimmer of hope' for Premium Bonds holders thanks to NS&I's pledge The CSJ says that its proposals are justified because people are living longer. The average life expectancy was 50-years-old when the state pension was first introduced, compared to 81-years-old now. Many people look forward to claiming their state pension so they can retire or reduce their working hours. Campaigners claim increasing the state pension age will leave some people struggling financially.  DON'T MISS: Council tax rebate: Full list of councils who STILL haven't paid [UPDATE]Martin Lewis’ shares way millions of Britons can HALVE broadband bill [ALERT]Savings warning: The one action ‘guaranteed to lose you money’ [WARNING] The full new State Pension is currently £185.15 per week, however the exact amount people receive depends on someone’s National Insurance record. Some people will also qualify for Pension Credit which tops up their state pension.  Reaching state pension age also enables people to qualify for extra help like a free bus pass. Pensioners can also get help with housing and heating costs. What benefits do state pensioners receive? Pension credit for those earning less £177 a week or lessHousing BenefitSupport for Mortgage InterestA free TV licence for those aged 75 or overHelp with NHS dental treatment, glasses and transport costs for hospital appointmentsSupport towards heating costs. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Britons can check their state pension age by using the Government’s online tool. This will also tell them their Pension Credit qualifying age and when they will be eligible for free bus travel. The full new State Pension is currently £185.15 per week, however the exact amount people receive depends on someone’s National Insurance record.Reaching state pension age also enables people to qualify for extra help like a free bus pass. What do you think about state pension age increases? Do you think state pension age should rise beyond 66? Have your say by voting in our poll.