Emma Raducanu's US Open Trophy will be taken to schools across the country in a bid to inspire youngsters to take up tennis. The British teen sensation made history when she became the first ever qualifier to win a Grand Slam singles title with her victory at Flushing Meadows last year. And the Lawn Tennis Association (LTA) is now hoping to capitalise on her success with the 'Emma Raducanu Trophy Tour'. As part of the LTA's Youth School programme, the tour will begin on May 9 (Monday) and Raducanu has recorded a special video message for pupils. They will also have the opportunity to get their phot taken with the trophy. "I'm really excited to be teaming up with the LTA to take my US Open trophy on a tour of the country," Raducanu said. "All the schools we are taking the trophy to have played tennis as part of the LTA Youth Schools programme and my hope is that the trophy will inspire them to continue their tennis journey both inside and outside of school." JUST IN: Djokovic's reaction to Murray withdrawal highlights French Open intent LTA chief executive Scott Lloyd said: "We are excited to be able to take Emma’s 2021 US Open trophy to school children up and down the country. What Emma achieved in New York was incredible and we want to use her success to get more school children playing tennis and to encourage our future tennis stars." Most recently, Raducanu competed in the Madrid Open, getting eliminated in the round of 16 by world No 11 Anhelina Kalinina. Raducanu lost the match 6-2 2-6 6-4, but admitted she still felt "positive", having struggled with a back problem. The 19-year-old said: "I would have given myself a five percent chance of winning that match, and for it to almost happen, I think that was a positive thing. I was kind of struggling a bit with my back, to be honest. DON'T MISSNadal and Djokovic to lose out if they win French Open despite boostCarlos Alcaraz causes Madrid Masters stir with schedule outburstKyrgios lifts lid on drink, drugs and self-harm hell during breakdown "Throughout the week I have been carrying some niggles, and it's kind of just taking its toll, all of the matches at this kind of level. I think that's a good thing that I feel like I'm going through this and my body is building with each match I play. "I'm feeling pretty positive. A lot of the time with me it's just overload and then three days', two, three days' complete rest and I'm okay to start training again. Hopefully the plan right now is to still go to Rome."