Tottenham are reportedly interested in signing Everton's saviour Richarlison, as Antonio Conte looks to strengthen ahead of next season. Tottenham secured Champions League football on the final day of the Premier League season, and the Italian is already looking to bolster his squad. Richarlison is being closely monitored by Tottenham, but Real Madrid, Paris Saint-Germain and Barcelona have also shown an interest, according to the Daily Mail. The Brazilian was without doubt one of the major reasons that Everton avoided an ugly Premier League relegation, and Richarlison is a cult figure at Goodison. But the 25-year-old has big ambitions, ones that outweigh Everton's current trajectory. With two years remaining on his current contract, Everton are under no immediate pressure to sell Richarlison. But given their poor financial status they could do with balancing the books and are bracing for a summer raid. READ MORE: Tottenham's second summer signing target was made to play under Antonio Conte  The Brazilian has been attracting interest for some time, after initially breaking into the Premier League with Watford. And there were eyebrows raised when Everton splashed £50million on the talented forward. But they could certainly hope to raise a similar fee for Richarlison this summer, should they look to cash-in and sell their prized asset. Everton will not want to let him go as Frank Lampard looks to rebuild ahead of next season, but Richarlison may want out of a bigger club come calling.  READ MOREManchester United transfer target Frenkie de Jong hints where he'll play next seasonPau Torres picks between Man Utd and Tottenham transfer as 'both clubs offer £45m'Arsenal 'see £76m mega transfer bid rejected' by Napoli for Victor Osimhen The lure of Champions League football could be too much to resist for Richarlison, and European football is something that all of the interested parties can offer. The door could be open for Tottenham, who have promised Conte a sizeable budget this summer. Tottenham have already made the loan deals for Dejan Kulusevski and Cristian Romero permanent, and Conte is looking to bring in at least another midfielder and forward. And they're looking to sell some of their current stars too, in order to free up more funds to reinvest.  Harry Winks' stay at the club may finally be coming to an end, and Tanguy Ndombele is likely to be sold after a sour end to his Tottenham career on loan with Lyon. And Lucas Moura has been linked with an exit, since Kulusevski has limited his playing time. Richarlison would be a welcome addition as Conte looks to bring in attacking support for Son Heung-min and Harry Kane, with squad depth essential with Champions League commitments. And due to his versatility, he could be used in a number of areas by Conte, something that the Italian is fond of. 