George Clooney has candidly opened up about the secret to his happy marriage to his lawyer wife, Amal Clooney. In an unearthed interview, the Hollywood star, 61, revealed the one thing that enables them to keep their marriage strong. It comes as Amal Clooney is set to make an appearance at The Prince's Trust Awards this evening. When asked what the secret is to a happy marriage, George was quick to give his insight. He emphasised that communication with a partner is key. George said: "Facetime – we will do that but mostly it is trying to not go too long without being apart, and you do the best you can. “We spend an awful lot of time together. We don’t have huge gaps," he admitted. READ MORE: Minnie Driver shrugs off backlash over 's**gging' Hollywood actors The star went on: “We are able to manage, so far. "Between my work and her work and the things we have been doing, we have been able to manage it pretty well," he told The Mirror. The couple married in 2014 in a lavish ceremony in Venice. Three years later, they welcomed twins, Alexander and Ella. It comes as earlier this year, Amal shared a rare insight into her marriage with the Hollywood star. Amal candidly shared the insight following being recognised as one of TIME Magazine's Women of the Year. She explained, speaking to TIME yesterday: “Marriage has been wonderful. “I have in my husband a partner who is incredibly inspirational and supportive, and we have a home filled with love and laughter.” DON'T MISS... Jon Kay announces 'new arrival' after Carol Kirkwood's engagement news [INSIGHT]Strictly's Dianne Buswell shares uncertainty over marrying Joe Sugg [ANALYSIS]Dan Walker addresses BBC return following move to Channel 5 [UPDATE] She added: “It is a joy beyond anything I could ever have imagined. “I feel so lucky to have found a great love in my life, and to be a mother.” Speaking about avoiding the spotlight, Amal said that she tries to maintain focus on her work. On the subject of avoiding undue press attention, she said that her approach is simply to “not dwell on it” and “just get on with (my) work.” She added: “And I do actually feel like there is a female solidarity that has built up on these issues where other women will sort of call that out in a way that maybe wouldn’t have happened five or 10 years ago. “So attitudes are changing.” The Prince's Trust Awards is on tonight at 8.30pm on ITV.