Yorkshire Building Society holds a prize draw every month where one lucky winner will wake up £1,500 richer. The first ever winner spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about how she is still a little bit shell shocked as she never usually wins anything. Nikki Magner from Peterborough had been looking for a savings account to save money towards car repairs and her MOT. While she was attracted by the chance to win a cash prize, she never thought she'd actually win. The 50-year-old holistic therapist said: “I had literally only just opened the account, I went back into the account to check my transfer had gone through and there was £1,500 sat in there. “Initially I thought something had gone wrong and I had transferred too much, not thinking I had won." READ MORE: Virgin Money launches new prize draw where customers can go on safari She continued: “And then I got the call. "I am still absolutely over the moon.” Nikki was particularly taken aback, because she had “literally just opened the account the night before”. She said: “They explained I had won and that the £1500 had already been paid into my account." DON'T MISSRishi Sunak announces pensioners to get £300 payment [UPDATE]Rishi Sunak announcement: Full list of handouts for Britons [ALERT]What are legacy benefits? Each benefit boosted by Sunak spending [INSIGHT]   Nikki enthused: “This type of thing never happens to me in real life! “I thought the account would just be a good way to put away a bit of money and save up for expenses across the year, I never thought I would actually win!” Ten lucky Yorkshire Building Society members have taken home cash prizes of £1,500 following the first monthly draw of the Society’s Make Me A Saver prize draw account. Yorkshire Building Society members who have opened the account and meet the monthly deposit requirements are automatically entered into the monthly draw, which gives savers a chance of winning one of ten £1,500 cash prizes.     The regular saver account which launched in January has a variable interest rate of one percent and allows customers to deposit up to £150 per month whilst allowing instant access to their savings without any fees. Yorkshire Building Society launched the Make Me A Saver account to help people build their financial resilience whilst earning a competitive return on short-term savings. Chris Irwin, director of savings at Yorkshire Building Society, said: “Now more than ever, with current and potential future economic uncertainty, it’s important for people to try and build their financial resilience where they can and for us as a Society to help people to save. “It’s exciting to see the reactions from our first round of winners and the positive impact the cash prizes will have on their lives."   What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Mr Irwin continued: “Our purpose is to help real life happen, so we’re committed to supporting our members reach their financial goals and establish healthy savings habits. “We are really pleased the Make Me A Saver account has proved a popular addition to our savings range.” To be entered into one of the monthly prize draws, customers need to deposit at least £50 into the Make Me a Saver account in the previous calendar month. Eleven prize draws will take place on the third of the month between March 2022 and January 2023 with the account maturing on January 31, 2023.