Dmitry Kiselyov, the anchor of a Russian state-television show, warned that Moscow’s Poseidon drone can trigger a giant 500-metre tidal wave of radioactive seawater that could batter Britain and turn it into a wasteland. He said on Channel One’s Sunday evening show: “The explosion of this thermonuclear torpedo by Britain’s coastline will cause a gigantic tsunami wave. “Having passed over the British Isles, it will turn whatever might be left of them into a radioactive wasteland.” Poseidon is the Russian President’s nuclear-armed submarine drone that can zip through the waters at a speed of 125mph after getting dropped onto the seabed. While this speed is slower than other intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICMBs), it is reportedly fast enough to make it uncatchable to existing torpedoes. Mr Kiselyov noted: "Such a barrier alone also carries extreme doses of radiation." It is officially known as an ‘Intercontinental Nuclear-Powered Nuclear-Armed Autonomous Torpedo’ and was first unveiled in November 2015. The weapon reportedly uses a top-secret propulsion system and can allegedly target warships, aircraft carriers, coastal fortifications and infrastructure. Also attached to the weapon is a horror nuclear warhead that, once triggered, can generate a tsunami, sending gigantic waves crashing into enemy coastlines. It is also powered by a nuclear reactor, worryingly giving the weapon a practically unlimited range that can strike anywhere. Naval News estimates that the weapon weighs around 100 tonnes, which is lighter than most submarines. But exact specifications of the warhead are still unknown.Back in 2018, Putin called Poseidon a “super-weapon” when he was detailing the progress of the Russian nuclear triad. READ MORE: Archaeologists uncover 4 million year old forest with tallest trees Poseidon is said to have been tested at least 11 times, but these have usually been trails of its autonomous systems, not its more threatening nuclear-propulsion system. The nuclear torpedoes can reportedly be carried on a gigantic 14,700-ton vessel, called the Belgorod, which is said to be the largest submarine on the planet. TASS reports: “The transfer of the Belgorod nuclear submarine to the fleet is planned for the summer of 2022.” The customised special-purpose vessel will reportedly be able to carry six units of the nuclear-powered underwater drones which are armed with a two-megaton atomic payload. DON'T MISS EU in turmoil as Orban backs Putin with veto on energy ban [REVEAL] Macron sparks UK fury as EU policy forced British farmers [REPORT] Energy crisis: UK opens North Sea taps to SLASH household bills [INSIGHT] Russia has warned that the super-weapons have a horror nuclear warhead attached which can be deployed “thousands of feet” below the surface. Russia has said that it eventually wants 16 Poseidon drones on duty withRussia’s Northern Fleet, with a possible total of 30 altogether. But these are not the only terrifying weapons that will be on board the larger Belgorod vessel. In fact, Belgorod is said to be capable of carrying a huge array of Russian weapons, from Losharik mini-submarines to underwater drones like the Klavesin-2R.