Liverpool could make five changes to the side that beat Newcastle United on Saturday to keep the pressure on Manchester City in the Premier League title race. Jurgen Klopp is facing battles on multiple fronts, and victory over Villarreal, having won the first leg 2-0, would see them advance to the Champions League final and boost their growing chances of achieving an unprecedented Quadruple. Express Sport looks at how the German is likely to set out his side in Spain: Caoimhin Kelleher has acquitted himself well when called upon this season, but the second leg of a Champions League semi-final certainly calls for the man Liverpool turn to on the big occasions. Before last week's 2-0 win at Anfield, Alisson had conceded in each of the Reds' previous three European outings. So while he is not impenetrable, the Brazilian is still Klopp's clear favourite between the sticks and one of the finest on the continent. JUST IN: Man Utd have 'clear run' at Declan Rice transfer after David Moyes' subtle West Ham hint Joe Gomez deputised at right-back against the Magpies, and once again impressed by flying down the wing and whipping in crosses. A rested Trent Alexander-Arnold is likely to come back in against Villarreal, however, with Andrew Robertson on the opposite side. Virgil van Dijk is still Liverpool's most talented and assured centre-back option, and while Joel Matip has spent most of the season as his partner, Ibrahima Konate played in the home leg and has been a regular fixture in the Champions League this season.  James Milner rewarded Klopp's risky decision to make changes at St James' Park with a tenacious, Man of the Match performance. Naby Keita was also superb as his well-taken goal made the difference on Saturday, but a tried and trusted trio are likely to get the nod instead on Tuesday night. With Fabinho as the midfield anchor, the Brazilian will most likely be flanked by a pumped up Jordan Henderson on one side and a silky Thiago Alcantara on the other. The latter has been in particularly dazzling form of late, and could close out the show in style at La Ceramica. Often representing Klopp's most difficult selection conundrum on any given matchday, injuries and recent changes could make Tuesday's call a fairly straightforward process. Roberto Firmino is likely to miss the tie with a foot injury, as is Divock Origi with a bout of illness. Meanwhile, Mohamed Salah was rested against Newcastle so is highly likely to re-enter the fray, Sadio Mane has put in a series of fine performances from a central role and Luis Diaz is quickly putting himself in the 'undroppable' category despite the calibre of options on Klopp's bench.