The Duchess of Sussex donned the £995 gown by Emilia Wickstead as she attended a BBQ in the US over the weekend. A picture shared on Instagram shows Meghan in the light blue midi dress which features a boat print. The designer Emilia Wickstead is favoured by Meghan's sister-in-law Kate who regularly steps out in her pieces. An online description of the dress says: "Wickstead complements this light blue midi dress with a naval-themed print. "The signature silhouette is prescribed with a high neck and fitted bodice before flaring into an A-line skirt with concealed pockets." The snap was shared by Delfina Blaquier, who is married to Prince Harry's close friend and polo teammate Nacho Figueras. Meghan cuts a casual but chic figure in the dress which she wore barefoot and with her hair in a ponytail. The Duke of Sussex can be seen next to her, also barefoot, in a white polo shirt and khaki shorts. It comes as Harry and Meghan are set to return to Britain this week for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. It is the first time the couple have travelled to the UK with their family since Megxit. READ MORE: Queen 'won't allow' Meghan and Harry to publish photos - claim  Speculation had been high over whether the Sussexes, who are living in California, would join the royals for the festivities. It is not known which parts of the four-day weekend the couple will attend. The celebrations kick off with Trooping the Colour on Thursday. However, Harry and Meghan will not make an appearance on Buckingham Palace's balcony as the Queen has limited the moment to working royals only. DON'T MISSAre Prince Harry and Meghan bringing a Netflix crew to the Jubilee? [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry 'source of frustration' for Jubilee organisers [ANALYSIS]Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's popularity slumps to crushing low [POLL] They may attend a service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral in central London on Friday. It would be the first time they have stepped out in public with the Windsors since Megxit. Saturday is the first birthday of Harry and Meghan's daughter Lilibet and there is speculation she will meet her great-grandmother the Queen. In the evening, the BBC's Party at the Palace takes place in front of a live crowd of 20,000 and a television audience of millions. The finale on Sunday is the Jubilee Pageant through the streets of London. Harry and Meghan's return comes as a new poll shows their popularity among the British public has sunk to a record low. Nearly two thirds of Britons - 63 percent - hold a negative view of Harry and Meghan, according to the YouGov survey on the favourability of members of the Royal Family. 