Netflix’s popular drama about a money-laundering family who get in too deep with the Mexican cartel has finally come to an end, with seven final episodes released last Friday. Reactions to Ozark’s finale have proven divisive, and some have even branded the last episode the worst instalment in the series. Wendy Byrde star Laura Linney recently weighed in with her thoughts on the last season during an appearance on The Kelly Clarkson Show. Laura admitted to Kelly she wouldn’t be happy with any ending to Ozark as she would prefer to continue the series indefinitely. The cartel drama came to an end last Friday, with the series finale, A Hard Way to Go, proving a divisive conclusion to the Byrdes’ story. Season four was extended and split into two halves, giving Ozark fans even more twists, turns and high-stakes action to sink their teeth into. However, the show’s co-lead Laura would have much preferred to return for another season or more. READ MORE: Ozark showrunner addresses hopes for spin-off as fans slam ending “I wish it would go on forever,” she told chat show host Kelly. “So I wouldn’t be satisfied with any ending, because I’m just going to miss it so much.” Best known for appearing in films such as Love Actually and The Squid and the Whale, Laura made a return to TV a few years after her lead role in Showtime’s hit The Big C. She starred with Arrested Development’s Jason Bateman as husband and wife duo Wendy and Marty Byrde, who start a new life in the Ozarks when a money laundering scheme goes wrong. Marty agrees to set up an even bigger operation, but things spiral out of control when they run up against local criminal families the Snells and the Langmores. In the final season, young protégé Ruth Langmore (played by Julia Garner) is out for revenge against the cartel, while private investigator Mel Sattem (Adam Rothenberg) is building a case against the Byrdes. Despite uncovering evidence for the family’s involvement in the death of Wendy’s brother Ben (Tom Pelphrey), the Byrdes seemed to end on top after Mel’s ambiguous encounter with a shotgun-wielding Jonah (Skylar Gaertner). Although the finale drew strong criticism from fans, Laura was happy with how the Byrdes went out, even if she would have preferred to return for a fifth season. DON'T MISS:Dan Walker shares thank you as he confirms BBC leaving date [VIDEO]Outlander season 6 finale leaves fans divided as Claire’s fate unknown [REACTION]Grace and Frankie: Jane and Lily’s next film project confirmed [INSIGHT] She said of the ending: “But yes, they did a wonderful job with it.” TV host Kelly admitted: “Not everybody loves their show like that.” “I know, we’re very lucky,” Laura replied. “It was a wonderful experience for all of us. So I’m just very sad.” The cast have been opening up about their Ozark experience, which they all agree has been a highlight of their varied careers. The Netflix drama has proven a star-making vehicle for 28-year-old star Julia, and proven comedy actor Jason as a compelling dramatic performer. Ozark has also picked up several accolades across its four seasons, including two Emmy nominations for Laura. Kelly pressed her guest: “Do you think fans are going to freak out in a good way or a bad way?” Laura mused: “I don’t know. I mean, I have no idea. But I think they’ll freak out.” Originally seen as Netflix’s answer to Breaking Bad, Ozark has since taken on a life and legacy of its own, even if the final few episodes left something to be desired. Ozark seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Netflix.