Victoria Adams is a health coach, facial yoga and gua sha practitioner. She spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about how the gut is linked to the skin and what readers can do to improve their gut health for glowing skin. The expert began: "The skin is a reflection of your gut." Thus, we must ask ourselves: "If there's inflammation showing up on the face, what is happening on the skin internally?" Gut issues may manifest themselves on the skin in the form of blemishes, puffy eyes or dark circles. And the "beauty of seeing" means that people can treat these external issues from the inside out. READ MORE: 'Beatuty on ice': Harness the power of ice tech to look younger now So how can people heal their gut and consequently their skin to look and feel younger and brighter than ever? Victoria's first tip was to stock up on fruits and vegetables - "we already know that but life gets in the way". "Diet is so obvious - you get a spot on the face, less chocolate, less sweets, less booze." The liver finds it difficult to break down fatty foods and alcohol, so limiting these is a good idea for improving gut health. There are certain foods that Victoria recommended stocking up on to improve gut health. Fermented foods such as sauerkraut, kimchi and kefir are "amazing" because they all contain prebiotics, which can help restore the balance of bacteria in the gut. Anti-inflammatory foods are also extremely important for a healthy gut and glowing skin. This tip is particularly important for perimenopausal women, as perimenopause is considered an inflammatory event. Leafy greens - "the more fibrous the better" - and plants such as spirulina and spinach are also great for improving the gut. And while Victoria acknowledged that spirulina can be an acquired taste, there are plenty of palatable ways to consume it including in liquid forms. Schisandra, the five flavour berry, is also super for helping with gut problems. Artichoke and red cabbage are two more of Victoria's favourites when it comes to gut health and a vibrant complexion. Foods rich is Omega 3's, such as salmon, mackerel, cod liver oil, anchovies and chia seeds are also fabulous for a healthy gut. Chia seeds are so nutritious - rich in manganese, selenium, and magnesium - that Victoria even adds a teaspoon of it to water when her skin is looking dull. "It brightens up the skin, helps dark circles, sets you up for the day and kind of gets you back on track." The health coach summed up in a sentence the foods to stock up on when trying to heal the gut: "Basically everything that grows on a tree that's not had human intervention." And in turn this means "minimising" the amount of "processed sugars and processed fats" the gut is exposed to where possible. Surprisingly, her final tip for gut and skin health was not food related at all. "The most damaging thing you can put into a system is stress. "You can eat all the junk in the world but if you're not worried and stressed then that's great. "You can stress about eating tonnes of broccoli every day to stay healthy and it's not going to reflect well in your skin." Victoria Adams will be running a 21 day gut transformation course.