Conservatives downvoted an amendment to the Queen's Speech that would trigger an emergency budget to support vulnerable households despite a warning from the Bank of England Governor Andrew Bailey that the cost of living crisis will reach 'apocalyptic' levels. Labour's amendment calling for an emergency budget was defeated by 312 votes to 229, majority 83. Chancellor Rachel Reeves blasted the Conservative party over the vote and urged to take measures to support the vulnerable. Ms Reeves said: "We meet today when inflation has hit its highest level for 40 years. "Every pound that people had last year can only purchase 91 pence worth of goods today. "That’s what inflation of 9% means." She added: "Our country had a cost-of-living crisis and a growth crisis, prices rising, growth downgraded and no plan for the future. “None of this though, is inevitable. It is a consequence of Conservative decisions and the direction that they have taken our economy in over the last 12 years. "This Government is increasingly a rudderless ship heading to the rocks, while it is willing to watch people financially drown in the process.” Earlier today during the PMQs, SNP Westminster leader Ian Blackford said that Chancellor Rishi Sunak should deliver an emergency budget or be sacked.  Responding to Mr Blackford, the Prime Minister said: "We've been through Covid. We're facing a spike in global energy prices which has been greatly exacerbated by what (Vladimir) Putin is doing in Ukraine." "But of course, everybody in the country knows that we're not through this yet, and everybody can see that, and they all know that the Government is going to do more. "But they also know the only reason we can do that is because we have a strong economy." Speaking at a Confederation of British Industry dinner, Mr Sunak said that the government's role is to cut costs for families, noting: "I cannot pretend this will be easy."  He added: "There is no measure any government could take, no law we could pass, that can make these global forces disappear overnight. "The next few months will be tough." The Governor of the Bank of England, Andrew Bailey warned on Monday, May 16, that the war in Ukraine has resulted in an unpredictable jump in inflation. The bank chief highlighted that there is still a "major worry" over further rises in food prices due to the conflict. Mr Bailey told MPs: "The Ukrainian finance minister said is that there is food in store but they can't get it out." "While he was optimistic about crop planting, as a major supplier of wheat and cooking oil, he said we have no way of shipping it out and that is getting worse. "It is a major worry for this country and a major worry for the developing world. "Sorry for being apocalyptic but that is a major concern." 