Russian military forces are using the annexed territory of Snake Island to build advanced missile systems to attack Ukraine. British Army veteran Justin Crump explained Putin’s troops are using the island as a base for missiles to replace the powerful Moskva Russian warship. The military expert declared Snake Island has become a particularly significant strategic stronghold of Russian forces since the sinking of their advanced warship. He said: “It has more than just an iconic significance, I think, when we look at the island.”    Mr Crump continued: “Its location in the Black Sea is very strategic. “Ukraine has actually been focused very heavily on trying to stop Russia building up almost, if you like, a land-born warship on the island. “Russia has been trying to get long-range surface to air missile systems on there. “That helps to replace the vessel they lost, the Moskva, by putting some of these systems in place on the island." The military expert added: “For a very small rock, and you can see the scale of it, it’s become quite important. “Ukraine has effectively been able to keep striking back on the Island with its air forces which has disrupted Russian plans. “They may have lost another auxiliary vessel today near the island as well. “A lot still going on for a very small speck in the ocean but of great significance in current conflict.” Read more: Putin mutiny as Russian troops 'shooting themselves dead' Snake Island, the adopted name of Zmiinyi Island, has been under Russian control since the beginning of the invasion in February. A small group of defiant Ukrainian troops stationed on the island were initially reported dead in the attack but were later returned home as part of a prisoner exchange. The Moskva, a notable Russian warship, was one of the two vessels involved in the initial capture of the island. The iconic ship was sunk in early April by Ukrainian missiles, although Russian officials argued the ship succumbed to a fire of unknown origin during dangerous sea conditions. Don't miss: Putin’s fury as Russia does NOT have weapons that can wipe out UK [INSIGHT]How Russia could retaliate against Finland's accession to NATO [ANALYSIS]Already digging the graves': Ukraine prepares for mass casualties [REPORT] The island's location in the Black Sea is of particular strategic importance due to its close proximity to Ukraine, specifically the region of Odessa. Russian military forces on Snake Island are attempting to establish a missile base in order to launch long range weapons at Ukraine. If successful, the island would act as a replacement for the sea missile base the Moskva previously facilitated. Ukrainian forces have continued their defensive attacks on the Russian-held Snake Island and several smaller vessels surrounding the island have been successfully destroyed in missile strikes.   