  Coleen Rooney, 36, broke her silence on social media today amid her ongoing legal battle with fellow “WAG” Rebekah Vardy, 40. Coleen took to Instagram to pay tribute to her mum in a sweet post for her birthday.   Coleen posted an adorable picture with her mum for her birthday in view of her 925,000 Instagram followers. The sweet black and white snap showed the pair smiling at a table, drinking some delicious-looking beverages. Coleen captioned the picture: “Happy Birthday to an extremely special person, My Mum. “Have the best time celebrating, I love you so much and appreciate everything you do for me and us all.”     Some of Coleen’s famous friends took to the comments section to send Colette their best wishes. Lizzie Cundy commented: “Happy birthday to your lovely mum.” Tanya Bardsley added: “Happy birthday to your beautiful mummy.” Celebrity makeup artist Cassie Lomas wrote: “Happy birthday Colette!”     “Happy birthday to your lovely mum,” Danielle Lloyd penned with a heart emoji. While Magali Gorre left a couple of heart emojis under the post. Coleen’s post comes as the explosive court battle between herself and Rebekah rages on. The trial is almost at an end now, as all the witnesses have given evidence.     Court proceedings are expected to resume tomorrow, when the lawyers for both parties will deliver their closing speeches. Rebekah, who is the wife of footballer Jamie Vardy, is suing fellow footballer’s wife Coleen for libel. Coleen is married to former England footballer Wayne Rooney. The spat between the pair began back in 2019, when Coleen accused Rebekah's account of leaking stories from her private Instagram feed to the press.     Rebekah has denied these allegations and is currently suing Coleen for defamation following her claims. Rebekah is a model and media personality, who has appeared on I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here! in 2017 and on Dancing on Ice in 2021. Leicester City striker Jamie Vardy has played for the England national team under Coleen’s husband Wayne. Widely considered one of the best players of his generation, Wayne is the record goalscorer for both the England national team and Manchester United.  