Manchester United will have to pay at least £63.9million (€75m) to sign Christopher Nkunku this summer, according to reports. RB Leipzig will not start listening to offers for the player until that figure is matched. Nkunku has had a stunning season for the Bundesliga side. He has 31 goals and 20 assists in 48 appearances in all competitions. United are one of the teams to have been linked with the forward. German outlet Bild notes the Red Devils' interest in the 24-year-old. The report claims Leipzig chiefs want to pen Nkunku down to a new and improved contract, with a release clause which will allow him to leave in 2023 for around £55m (€65m). However, any offers of above £63.9m this summer will be listened to. READ MORE: Rashford's price tag at Man Utd has changed by £90m as two rivals eye deal  Leipzig are hoping to tempt Nkunku into signing a new deal by offering him almost three times his current salary, with the option of that release clause. However, the player would like to leave in the upcoming window instead. Paris Saint-Germain are also credited with interest in Nkunku. However, the Ligue 1 giants are currently hesitant on re-signing a player they sold to Leipzig just three years ago. Nkunku is currently enjoying by far the best season of his career. He had not managed to score more than seven goals in a single campaign before this term. He has 10 goals in European competition to his name this season and is aiming to lead Leipzig to the Europa League final. They take a 1-0 lead over Rangers to Ibrox for the second leg of the semi-final tie on Thursday. DON'T MISSTen Hag may approve four shirt number changes at Man Utd including Fernandes [OPINION]Man City mocked by Spartak Moscow after Real Madrid's dramatic Champions League win [SOCIAL]Man Utd have £14.5m Jesse Lingard regret and star could rub their faces in it [TRANSFERS]  Leipzig chief executive Oliver Mintzlaff claimed last month that Nkunku would not be sold this summer amid United's interest. He told Sky Germany: "I’ve said it many times, and I’m happy to say it again: Nkunku will still be our player in the coming season. “He was already one of our best players in the first half of the season, even though it didn’t go well for us, as we all know. He has ignited the next stage of his development here under Domenico Tedesco, and he will continue to do so in the coming season." United are preparing for their first window with Erik ten Hag in charge. The Dutchman will replace interim boss Ralf Rangnick at the end of this season.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here