For the first time since Russia’s invasion of Ukraine started, Vladimir Putin can be defeated, French Senator Claude Malhuret has said. He and a delegation of senators went on a visit to Ukraine’s devastated cities to inaugurate a Ukrainian House of Europe in Kyiv in a show of solidarity. Having seen the advance of Ukrainian troops on the ground, Senator Malhuret believes Putin can be stopped. Speaking to French broadcaster LCI, Senator Malhuret said: "For the first time we are in a position to stop him." "He is now totally isolated and it won't be long before we see that China has no desire for things to continue like this, to degenerate," Senator Malhuret said. "And so, I'm almost convinced that this defeat, because it's already an absolutely incomprehensible defeat for him, is confusing him. "And that the more he backs down because he does back down. He's going backwards on the ground but he's also going backwards politically." Senator Malhuret comes to that conclusion as Ukrainian defences are holding the line in the Donbas region and have pushed Russian troops further back from Kharkiv. But the besieged port city of Mariupol is still under heavy bombardment. Ukraine’s eastern region of Donbas is the region Putin has coveted most, as fighting has been ongoing in the region since 2014. After recognising the independence of the region’s Donetsk and Luhansk provinces, he launched what he called a peacekeeping operation aimed at restoring peace. Russian officials have said they are now fighting for the "complete liberation" of the Donbas. READ MORE: Putin war crimes: Russian troop shoots camera while on looting spree Senator Malhuret continued: "Look, for two months, well for almost three now, 77 days, Putin has been accumulating failures, accumulating mistakes.  "He's been piling up speeches that are not only fiery about the nuclear threat but also contradictory.  "The last speech, which was supposed to be an acme with the celebrations of 9 May, was absolutely pitiful." Speculations about Putin’s potential declaration of war mounted in the days leading up to Putin’s victory speech on May 9. The speculations proved wrong. Instead, Putin doubled down on the accusations that "neo-Nazis" were at the helm of Ukraine and that fighting was therefore "inevitable". DON'T MISS:Putin facing hell as Russia admits sanctions set to cripple country [REPORT]Putin embarrassed as citizens PAID to join Kremlin war march [REPORT]Putin's land grab bid for WHOLE of Ukraine seized as troops drop plans [REPORT]  Putin also spoke of civilians in the Donbas who "died as a result of reckless shelling and barbaric attacks by neo-Nazis." At the beginning of the war, Putin said his peacekeeping operations were meant to "de-nazify" Ukraine – a propaganda message he has been using to justify his invasion. "He must be stopped at some point," Senator Malhuret concluded.