Red Bull advisor Helmut Marko believes that Lewis Hamilton and George Russell will have every chance of beating the Ferrari duo of Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz at this weekend's Spanish Grand Prix. Mercedes have brought a number of important upgrades to the Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya and will be hoping to put their newly-found pace to good use over the course of Sunday's 66-lap contest in order to claim their first victory of the new season. The Silver Arrows raised plenty of eyebrows with their strong showings in Friday's practice sessions, with Russell and Hamilton coming home in second and third respectively after lapping quicker than both Red Bull cars at the end of FP2. Marko has since insisted that Mercedes will be in a strong position to pick up more points than Ferrari when the chequered flag drops on Sunday but remains confident that Red Bull will be the quickest team on track over the course of the weekend."Us, Mercedes and then Ferrari," Marko told Motorsport-Magazin when quizzed on the potential running order in Spain before going on to question Ferrari's race pace in comparison to their Constructors' Championship rivals."What is surprising is their weak long-run performance. The tires have dissolved. Our long run is very encouraging, we lose on one-lap [pace] only in sector 2. JUST IN: Max Verstappen responds to Ferrari concerns about Red Bull "It's not even two corners where we lose that, you can solve that. But in the long run, both cars were good on medium and hard in terms of wear."Meanwhile, it remains to be seen whether Mercedes will be able to live up to Marko's expectations by performing better than Ferrari when the five red lights go out in Barcelona on Sunday. The Silver Arrows have made a handful of intriguing alterations to the floor of their W13 challenger over the last two weeks in an attempt to eradicate the porpoising that has plagued their on-track efforts since pre-season testing. It seems as though Mercedes will be quicker in Spain than they have been for the majority of the campaign to date based on Friday's evidence, but they will still have plenty of ground to make up in order to challenge for the end-of-season honours over the coming weeks and months. Toto Wolff has already refused to concede his team's chances of beating Red Bull and Ferrari once all is said and done, though, when asked about whether or not the season is already a write-off from his point of view earlier this week."No, not at all," the Mercedes boss told Austrian outlet Sport24. "We're only [after] our fifth race, so you can't write anything off, it can swing back in our direction. And in terms of points, we are not yet dramatically behind." FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE