Gordon Ramsay had owned three properties in the county at one point, but the sale brings that number down to just the one. Daymer Bay House in Trebetherick, near Polzeath, was first purchased by the father-of-six for £4million in 2016. At the time he was in the midst of a planning battle to bulldoze a property in Rock, which would later become the family's Cornwall home. The Hell’s Kitchen star built two adjacent homes in Rock on the site of the now-demolished 1920s five-bedroom property, called Lanarth, which he bought for £4.4million in 2015. At the time, it was the second most expensive sale ever recorded in Cornwall, but estate agents said the property needed modernising, and in July 2016 he won an eight-month battle to bulldoze the home. He eventually sold the Trebetherick home, where they lived during renovations, in March 2021 for £3.5million more than he first purchased it, Land Registry documents have revealed. The £7.5million sale was the most expensive across all of Cornwall for 2021 and is believed to be the most expensive ever recorded in the county, Cornwall Live reported. READ MORE: Madonna requests meeting with the Pope amid 'blasphemous' behaviour Previously, the most expensive sale recorded in Cornwall was Rock's Polwartha. The home sold again for £6.5million on September 27, 2007. It had remained the most expensive property sold in Cornwall until now. Little is known about Gordon Ramsay's Trebetherick property but in 2019 the TV chef had been given the green light to build an igloo-style wood cabin in the back garden to provide a place to stay for visiting friends and family. He also sold his Grade II listed Fowey property back in October 2020 for £2.75million.  Trevail House on Fore Street was the town's former Lloyd's Bank and underwent extensive renovations in 2017 before being let out as a holiday home for up to £7,000 per week. Daughter Holly Ramsay and son Jack Ramsay spent time at the property with friends during the first coronavirus lockdown. Gordon said recently he would like to add to his family of seven and have another baby. The celebrity chef only just welcomed his youngest child, three years ago, but is already prepared to be a father again. DONT MISS:Hairy Biker's Dave Myers flooded with support amid cancer battle (PHOTOS)Holby City star Rosie Marcel rushed to hospital for surgery (NEWS)Amber Heard's broken nose shown to court after alleged attack by ex (LATEST) The couple has said that the sleepless nights, tantrums and nappies have only increased their desire to add to their brood. In a new interview with The Mail's You Magazine, Gordon joked his wife was four months pregnant. He quickly added: "Tana's going to kill me. I'm joking. No, we discussed having another baby. I said it was a great idea. “She said, 'Well, let's start planning'. So I'm like, 'Oh my god, just pause for two seconds. I'm going to be the oldest dad at school, what's going to happen on sports day?’ "But it's something we'd still consider because it's been such a joy spending time with Oscar. "Just watching his first walks on the beach at Daymer Bay. Watching his first little mouthfuls of food. It has kept us super-active and made us better parents.” He again clarified that she isn't pregnant, but said they are "contemplating". The couple are already parents to Megan, 23, twins Jack and Holly, 21, Strictly star Tilly, 19, and Oscar.