Katie Price, 44, has retaliated after her eagle-eyed followers noticed she had used a filter on a new photograph of Harvey. Katie uploaded the snap to her 2.7 million Instagram followers to mark her eldest son’s 20th birthday. The former Loose Women panellist captioned the snap: “My handsome son still can’t believe [he is] 20.”But users were quick to point out that it looked like Katie had edited the photograph.Lee penned: “Blimey she’s even heavily filtering his pics now. Why can’t people show their natural looks online. Such a sad world.”Tanya wrote: “Aw, don’t filter Harvey.” While Scarlett questioned: “Did you really have to airbrush Harvey?????” READ MORE:Eamonn Holmes set to undergo surgery as host unable to walk his dog And Luna said: “Was just gonna say has she altered his photo.”Later in the day, Katie hit back at the negative comments.She admitted that she had used a filter and urged critics to “get over it”.The model fumed: “Welcome to the world of filters thought I do on Harvey today. “Who doesn’t filter jeez get over it.” (sic)There were also hundreds of positive comments on the post from people stating how handsome Harvey looked.Sue gushed: “Wow Mr Harvey looks amazing, Happy birthday Harvey, hope you have a lovely day.”Hannah echoed: “Goodness I can see Junior! Two beautiful boys, double of their mama.” DON'T MISSMonty Don details difficult time after he and wife 'lost everything'[INSIGHT]James Martin issues apology after tears for 'father figure' on TV[LATEST]Helen Mirren, 76, unrecognisable in heavy makeup and hair extensions[URL] And Tracey said: “Handsome lad and beautiful inside and out.”Katie has five children: Harvey, 20, Junior, 16, Princess, 14, Jett, eight, and Bunny, seven.Harvey, whose father is footballer Dwight Yorke, celebrated his birthday yesterday.Earlier in the week, Katie shared a video of the huge pile of presents for his milestone birthday. Alongside a clip of the many boxes, Katie penned: “Harvey is a lucky man @uptheirclothing has sent me their summer collection for Harvey’s birthday on Friday.“Can you believe he will be 20.“This is the only company I know that actually do large sizes.”