Emma Scrivener, 64, who is now co-founder of DA Group, lost five stone a few months ago and she is now looking fitter and healthier than ever in time for the summer holidays. The slimmer shared her best tips to achieve this. Emma explained: “For many people, the summer holidays are a great motivator for weight loss – and with Christmas and Easter out of the way, the next few weeks are a great window of opportunity to shed weight with relatively few distractions. “My family and I all went on holiday after we lost 15 stone between us, and it felt like a double celebration of time together and goals achieved. "Losing weight does not to be hard work – we devised the DA diets to fit into a normal daily routine and to ensure you don’t go hungry. "Following our summer weight loss tips can help you focus on your goal and lose weight without having to buy special ingredients or go hungry.” READ MORE: Woman shares how to 'lose 6lbs in 2 weeks' with 'no changes to diet'  Emma shared 10 tips for reaching the ideal summer weight: She explained: "For example, it could be to lose a stone by the end of June. "Promise yourself a treat when you get there, such as new holiday clothes." She also recommended replacing these with "healthy snacks that will support you on your diet".  "This will stop you snacking mid-morning or eating too much for lunch," Emma explained. Proteins make you stay fuller for longer. Emma advised dieters to "make sure every meal contains ingredients such as eggs, lean meat, seafood, cheese, nuts, beans, and pulses". This is a good way to keep track of your food intake and encourage you to skip unnecessary extras. Emma said that enjoying a new hobby, exercise or time with friends "will help you keep your mind off food". This is the number one tip for any diet as alcohol is a major cause of weight gain. Emma said: "Not only is it calorific, it also makes you feel hungry and because your body burns alcohol off first, it can stop your body burning off the food you have eaten." Another way to speed up the weight loss process is to "stop eating when you feel full". A good hack is using smaller bowls and plates to help you avoid dishing out too much food. The slimmer also advised cutting back on fast foods, processed foods and sweetened foods and drinks. "Hop on the scales once a week in the morning after emptying your bladder. "This will give you the clearest view of the progress you are making," she recommended.