Andy Devine, who was best known for playing Shadrach Dingle in the ITV soap, died in January - although the tragic news has only just emerged, according to reports. Public records confirm he died on January 27, with the cause of his death not yet publicly confirmed, according to The Sun. Andy, born Peter Devine, played Shadrach on and off between 2000 and 2010, when he made his final Emmerdale appearance. He left Emmerdale after more than ten years on July 23 2010, being killed off in an emotional alcohol abuse storyline. Tributes have since poured in for the beloved actor on social media. READ MORE: Matt Baker's wife's touching gesture to help him read 'scary' scripts @RileyCo10852974 typed: “Just seen the news - RIP Adam Devine.” @mikepriestley13 said: “ “I’ve just heard the news. He passed away at the end of January only now has his death been announced... loved shadrach #Emmerdale #ClassicEmmerdale.” @Felstedboy commented: “#Emmerdale Just seen Shadrack has died. What a character.” @TheCorriePoll wrote: “Sad to read the news Andy Devine has died. Back in January, it seems. Best known as #Emmerdale’s Shadrach Dingle, he played Betty’s wedding photographer in a 1995 episode of Coronation Street, returning in 2000 as a radio DJ.” The character Shadrach first turned up in Emmerdale in 2000 to attend the funeral of his nephew Butch [Paul Loughran]. During his time in Emmerdale, Shadrach ended up forming a friendship with Laurel Thomas [Charlotte Bellamy] after helping her give birth to baby Arthur. After a hospital mix up, she took home the wrong baby and Shadrach formed an attachment to baby Daniel. Laurel made Shadrach his godfather, but when Daniel died of sudden infant death syndrome at just six months old, Shadrach was devastated. DONT MISS:Below Deck Med’s Malia White hits back at return rumours (PHOTOS)Claudia Winkleman compares herself to 'flawless' Tess Daly (NEWS)Strictly’s Dianne Buswell on ‘life-changing’ Freeze The Fear stint (LATEST) Later, he confided in Laurel that he had another daughter, who was given up for adoption. Shadrach was a heavy drinker most of his life and eventually, his liver started to fail. In 2010, Shadrach bought a pack of beers, but as he walked over a footbridge he half-collapsed in pain, which was caused by his liver. He ended up dropping his cans in the river and went to retrieve them.  But he lost his balance, both as a result of the pain and his drinking, and collapsed into the river and drowned. He was found by Marlon [Mark Charnock] and Rhona [Zoe Henry] who dragged Shadrach out of the water, but they were unable to save him. The Dingle family were upset by Shadrach’s death, especially Zak and Marlon, who Shadrach had been living with.  