Victoria Beckham has hit back at critics who said her marriage to football pro David Beckham "wouldn't last". In a new interview, the mum of four, 48, spoke about proving her critics wrong as she and her sporting beau, 47, look forward to celebrating their 23rd wedding anniversary later this year. The power couple met in 1997 when David played for Manchester United and Victoria was a Spice Girl. They went on to marry two years later and welcomed four children, sons Brooklyn, Romeo and Cruz and daughter, Harper. This year sees the couple set to celebrate a milestone anniversary and in a new interview, Victoria couldn't help but defiantly hit back at critics. She said: "And they said it wouldn't last! READ MORE: Naga Munchetty bids farewell as Dan Walker exits BBC Breakfast "From the minute we got married - and here we are about to celebrate 23 years," she said to Grazia magazine. In the same interview, the fashion designer shared her heartbreak at her family's "new chapter". Last month saw Victoria and David's eldest son Brooklyn wed model and actress, Nicola Peltz in a lavish ceremony in the States. Brooklyn and Nicola wed at her family's Miami oceanfront mansion in a ceremony which reportedly cost £3million. The duo tied the knot at the £76 million luxury home in an event which saw the best of Hollywood's A-listers descend to witness the nuptials. Following the event, Victoria confirmed that Brooklyn has made the move to America, adding that she misses him "so much". The former Spice Girl said: "David and I have gone from having four kids at home to having one-and-a-half. "Brooklyn and Nicola are going to be living between LA and Palm Beach, Romeo's living in Miami, and Cruz is in-between home and boarding school." DON'T MISS... Jane Fonda, 84, admits her 'favourite ex-husband' became a 'handful' [INSIGHT]Tom Hanks fans cause stir as they spot 'Forrest Gump' watching Queen [ANALYSIS]Madonna puts on busty display in corset weeks after split from ex [UPDATE] Ther mother of four added that despite living in London, she still regularly travels to the States for her work. "And my beauty team, which is a super-important part of my business, is based in New York, so I go there a lot, too," Victoria explained. However, she went on to add that the UK's capital will always be home for their family. Victoria said: "But London is where I come to the office every day and where Harper goes to school. "This year is a new chapter for my brand, and for our family - but London is still home," she added to Grazia magazine. In the UK, the Beckhams split their time between their two homes. When in London, the family stay at their Holland Park Home but also enjoy spending time at their £6million Cotswolds home. The full Interview and photo-shoot appears in the new issue of GRAZIA out now