The chaotic scenes are particularly unfortunate because many people are desperate for a holiday, having been forced to miss out over the past two years. It appears travel firms including airport owners, airlines and others are facing crippling staff shortages. This is partly an inevitable result of the Covid pandemic, which forced some businesses to reduce their activities dramatically. Demand for many goods and services has returned faster than firms were able to resume operating at full capacity. It also appears, however, that parts of the travel industry chose to make staff redundant when they could instead have been furloughed, allowing workers to return when they were needed again. Suggestions that problems will get worse rather than better over summer are worrying. Transport Secretary Grant Shapps has announced the Government will help, for example by speeding up the process that allows new workers to join the aviation industry. But travel firms also need to get their act together and provide customers with the level of service they deserve. Boris Johnson spoke in colourful fashion as he insisted the Government’s £21billion “big bazooka” package would help households struggling with sky-high fuel bills and rising prices. Mr Johnson and Chancellor Rishi Sunak may need to do even more in the future, as we wait for global prices to ease. Yet, the generous measures place the country in a strong position, and it is reassuring to see the two figures at the top of Government are clearly on the same page.  Huge increases in spending make it harder for the Chancellor to return to a traditional Conservative approach and carry out his stated ambition of cutting taxes. That will come eventually. In the present circumstances, the support on offer to households is very much needed. The Jubilee bank holiday weekend is a marvellous opportunity for Britain to let its hair down and celebrate the Queen’s glittering 70 year reign. It will also provide a welcome boost to the economy, as Brits go out and splash the cash. We are all praying that Her Majesty, in remarkable health after all these years, is well enough to take part in the festivities. And it would hardly be Britain if we weren’t also praying for the good weather to hold up. Either way, it’s time for a party. The nation absolutely deserves it. 