Victoria (played by Isabel Hodgins) was completely unaware her partner, David (Matthew Wolfenden) was going to propose to her as Wednesday night's instalment of Emmerdale got underway. With the shopkeeper feeling as if their relationship had hit a stalemate, he wanted to bring some excitement back into their lives and got everything set up for the romantic gesture. Unfortunately, it didn't go down too well on the ITV soap and by the end of the episode, he was telling his other half to reconsider whether she wanted to be with him. However, could a new arrival turn everything on its head? The mother of one was shocked to say the least over the proposal, considering she and David haven't been together a year. With her life busy and stressful, trying to plan a wedding was the last thing she ever considered, especially as she didn't think David was asking for the right reasons. Victoria believed he was trying to make them a couple who could show off they were young and beautiful but she didn't care about that. David tried to explain to his other half she had got it wrong but she wasn't listening to reason and returned to work. After thinking it over, she decided to go and see her other half and explain why she lost it when he got down on one knee. READ MORE: Fiona Bruce family: Does the Antiques Roadshow star have children? Realising David was upset over the situation and being rejected, Victoria told him: "Look, I'm sorry, ok. I was just shocked." "Yes, you made that bit fairly clear," he replied, with his partner adding: "I wasn't trying to hurt your feelings. I should have handled it better." David remarked: "You shouldn't have to handle me, I'm a grown adult. Admittedly, I think you pick up wisdom as the years roll by, I definitely haven't done that. "It's been one blundering mistake after another. Maya, Meena," he said, listing all his failed relationships in recent years. "Me?" Victoria asked and he reassured her she wasn't anything like his previous two girlfriends nor was their romance. David explained to his partner: "No, not you. You were the one thing I thought I got right. I managed to screw that up and all. "I love you, Vic, but I don't want you to be dragged into something you're not 100 percent about. "I don't blame you that you don't want to marry a geriatric adolescent but I can't change me anymore than you can," he continued. "And we shouldn't have to," Victoria added but David hadn't finished as he told her: "Exactly and now I know you don't like surprises. "You don't like fancy pants expensive cocktails in town and you definitely don't like wedding proposals sprung on you." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale star Ash Palmisciano pays tribute to ‘role model’ late mum [COMMENT]Emmerdale star Liam Fox shows off fairytale home with co-star wife [PICTURES]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock 'shocked' over 'sheer weight' of stroke plot [COMMENT] The shopkeeper finished the conversation by offering his partner an ultimatum over their relationship, stating: "So I want you to have a long, hard think about what you actually do want and when you've decided, you just let me know." By the end of the episode, it seemed the pair were heading for a split as they were on very different pages about their relationship. If they do decide to go their separate ways, both of them will be heartbroken as they thought they had finally found something good. However, as the days and weeks pass, Victoria could start to experience symptoms of early pregnancy, something she wouldn't be expecting. As she takes a test, the result could tell her she is expecting and having only been with David, the baby would be his. Not wanting to keep it a secret as she knows David would have to play a part in their child's life, Victoria could tell him the news. David never thought he would be a father again and so he would be shocked to discover his former lover is expecting his baby. Having missed Victoria and wanting to make a proper family together, David could suggest they give things another go. Though, the expectant mother could have other thoughts as she doesn't want them to be back at square one after a couple of months. Will she decide to take David back for the sake of her unborn child or will she decide to take on the world as a single mother of two? Although he suggests getting back together, David could be hiding the fact he is in big trouble and doesn't know how we would support another child. In upcoming scenes, it will be revealed the shopkeeper has felt the impact of the coronavirus pandemic on his business. With his finances in dire straights, he will tell his father, Eric Pollard (Chris Chittell) he doesn't know how he's going to keep his head above water. If Victoria discovers her other half has been keeping this from her, will this cement in her mind they were never meant to be together? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.