Ian Blackford fumed at Boris Johnson in his address to the House of Commons during Prime Minister’s Questions. The SNP Westminster Leader declared the Prime Minister should “sack” Rishi Sunak and the Treasury as the price of living in the UK continues to soar. MPs in the House of Commons erupted in laughter as the SNP representative raged at the Conservative handling of the cost of living crisis. Mr Blackford said: “Every day this Prime Minister remains out of touch, people remain out of pocket.”    The SNP leader continued: “The Tory backbencher who thinks poor people just need cooking lessons. “The Tory Minister who thinks that people should just get a better-paid job. “The Chancellor who thinks it would be silly to act now.” He added: “This is the cost of living crisis from Westminster.”   Mr Blackford continued his Commons address: “For weeks, the Prime Minister has been briefing that it’s the Treasury who are to blame for blocking financial support for struggling families. “Well, Prime minister, it’s time to stop sniping from the sidelines. “If this Chancellor won’t deliver an emergency budget, it’s time for the Prime Minister to sack the Treasury, to sack the Chancellor and to put somebody else in office.” The SNP representative boldly demanded Boris Johnson “sack” the Chancellor and the Treasury for their handling of UK economic strategy. Read more: Sturgeon's independence dream faltering as SNP fail to capitalise The House of Commons erupted with the laughter of Mr Blackford’s MP colleagues as they observed his fiery address. The Prime Minister responded: “I think the right honourable gentleman should understand that we’ve been through covid, we’re facing a spike in energy prices that has been greatly exacerbated by what Putin is doing in Ukraine. “To deal with it, of course, what we’re doing is putting billions and billions, already 9.1 billion, into supporting people with the cost of energy, cutting fuel duty by record sums, Mr Speaker.” Mr Johnson continued: “Helping elderly people in all sorts of ways, not least through local councils, another one billion pounds.” Don't miss: Reeves on the spot as she's challenged to explain Labour growth plan [REPORT]Sunak to bring in 'inevitable' windfall tax to cover soaring costs [INSIGHT]Tories, Labour, Lib Dems and SNP shamed over 'low calibre' MPs [ANALYSIS]  The Prime Minister added: “Of course, Mr Speaker, everybody in the country knows that we’re not through this yet, everybody can see that. “They all know that the Government is going to do more. “They also know that the only reason we can do that is because we have a strong economy with massively high employment and that is the crucial thing.” Boris Johnson directed his attention to opposition MPs as he added: “It would not have been possible if we had listened to the members opposite.”   