Good Morning Britain viewers saw a rare glimpse of Prime Minister Boris Johnson earlier this week, as he appeared on the show for the first time in five years to be interviewed by Susanna Reid at Downing Street. The much-anticipated interview managed to attract a peak audience of 1.3 million viewers and provoked a strong reaction from fans online. Reid travelled to Westminster to conduct the interview with the PM in Downing Street. Keeping calm under pressure, Reid questioned Johnson on current issues surrounding the Ukraine crisis, Partygate and the rise in the cost of living. The 1.3 million viewers flooding in meant the ITV news programme had its highest peak audience since April 2021. Setting a new 2022 record for the show, many of the interview clips went viral online. Read More: The Bay's Daniel Ryan's tribute to co-star ahead of new season 'Can survive cast change'  A total of 2.4 million onlookers flocked to the morning show between the hours of 6am, and 9am, with close to a 30 percent peak coming from the interview. A small clip of their interview was shared on GMB's Twitter account and currently has 3.1 million viewers, with the number climbing. GMB tweeted the video and said: ".@susannareid100 tells the PM about 77-year-old Elsie who eats one meal a day and stays on the bus all day to avoid using energy at home. "She questions the PM about the comments he made about people having to make choices about what they spend their money on."   However, the clip received backlash, with many viewers disgruntled with Johnson's reply. Reid ended her question with "What should Elsie cut back on?" to which the PM replied: "I don't want Elsie to cut back on anything." Before going into more detail about individual cases, he added: "Just to remind you, the 24-hour freedom bus pass was something that I actually introduced." The presenter questioned if "Elsie should be grateful" to him for her bus pass? DON’T MISS…Outlander theory: Jamie Fraser's ghost explained in subtle fortune teller clue[LATEST]Lily James puts on jaw-dropping display as she flaunts figure in see-through Met Gala gown [LATEST]'It was a big risk' Steph McGovern insists she doesn't care about viewing figures [LATEST]  Johnson assured Reid and the audience they are "doing" more to help local councils care for people in "particular hardships." The interview also received press for an awkward blunder when Reid passed over to her fellow ITV star Lorraine Kelly. Concluding, Reid added: "It's good to talk to you. "Lorraine is waiting to take up all the issues you have brought up in this interview."    