Alexander Zverev called the ATP's Madrid Open scheduling an 'absolute disgrace' after losing out to Carlos Alcaraz in the final on Sunday. The sleep-deprived tennis star launched into a passionate rant while claiming that late-night finishes on his deep tournament run hampered his abilities against the young Spaniard. Alcaraz crowned off a sensational Madrid campaign, in which he beat Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic, by hammering Zverev 6-3 6-1 on Sunday. The previous day, the German's semi-final clash with Stefanos Tsitsipas ran until the small hours of the morning after waiting for Alcaraz's semi-final to conclude, as well as the women's final. While Zverev remained humble regarding Alcaraz's overall superiority, he made a clear point to the ATP over his tough run to the final which may have been partly responsible for his wave of unforced errors against the teenager.  "[Carlos] is playing amazing, there's absolutely no doubt about it," said Zverev. "But one thing I have to say is that the ATP's job was an absolute disgrace this week. Two days ago I went to bed at 4am, 4.30am. Yesterday I went to bed at 5.20am. DON'T MISS: Emma Raducanu and Italian Open opponent Bianca Andreescu address similarities  "You know, if any normal person goes to bed one night at 4am, the next night at 5am, it will be a tough time just to be awake for them. And for me to play a final against Carlos Alcaraz, who for me is the best player in the world right now, in a Masters 1000 event, the next day, it is difficult. "Today on court, I'm a little bit angry, I would say, because I had no coordination on my serve nor my groundstrokes. I missed two overheads that were super easy because I see the ball, and everything is moving in my eyes. "I don't want to take anything away [from Alcaraz], and today obviously, even if I'm fresh, probably I would not beat Carlos, but definitely it would be a better match. At the end of the day, I think all of us have stayed up late, all of us maybe party sometimes, but if you're staying up until 4am, the next day, you're dead. "Carlos is a great player. He's the best in the world right now. But to be honest, I feel sad for the final that we played, because this could have been a very good match. This could have been a great match. "But I had absolutely no chance today of being myself. I had absolutely no chance of playing my level. This is not the first time this is happening. In Acapulco I played until 5am, I was awake until 8.30am. This is happening on a weekly basis, and to be honest, I'm a little tired of it."  Still just 19-years-old, Alcaraz claimed some huge scalps en route to winning the Madrid Open title. Having never made it further than the last eight in a Grand Slam, many eyes will be on him when the French Open gets underway later this month. The Spaniard will rise to six in the men's world rankings on Monday after his latest triumph, and the upward trajectory shows no sign of slowing down after Zverev branded him 'the best player in the world right now'. 