The Norwegian Royal Family are in Sweden visiting the King of Sweden as well as the heir to the throne, Crown Princess Victoria, 44. On Wednesday, May 4, the royal visit was truly underway on its third day. For day three of the royal visit, Crown Princess Victoria wore her By Malina flora coral checker blazer and Celia trousers.  The blazer is no longer in stock but it previously retailed for £265. By Malina is a Swedish brand based in Stockholm, showing that Victoria is honouring local designers in her home country. The Celia trousers retailed for £200. The description on the website previously read: “The most timeless trousers ever.   “With a relaxed fit and high waist, Celia tuxedo trousers are the perfect suit pants for any occasion.” Victoria paired her coral trouser suit with a Yves Saint Laurent ‘Carre’ satchel bag. The Princess has worn this beige accessory before, and it still sells for a whopping £2,185. For footwear, Victoria wore her af Klingberg shoes, again honouring a local Swedish brand.   The Princess chose her Rakel taupe suede booties which she has worn for many years. The shoes are no longer in stock, and it is unclear how much the shoes cost at the time of purchase. Royal fans were slightly divided over Victoria’s trouser suit look, however, and took to social media to discuss her style. Instagram user @_jasfizzle said: “I love this suit. I think I would’ve gone with a different shirt though.”  Another royal fan, @mog1717 added: “Victoria loves a bold suit! “I’m not a fan though.” Another royal watcher, @solafhashem commented: “She needs a good stylist.” Social media account @llint3 said: “Always stylish and smiling!  “I would love to have a day of looking through a royal’s closet. One can dream!” Crown Princess Victoria welcomed Crown Prince Haakon and Crown Princess Mette-Marit of Norway to Sweden. The royal couple were on an official three-day trip to Sweden to mark the “neighbourly relationship” between the bordering countries. The visit had been delayed several times due to the coronavirus pandemic. 