Princess Charlotte turns seven years old today. Kensington Palace has shared three new photographs of Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge’s daughter to commemorate her birthday, taken by the Duchess herself this weekend in Norfolk. Charlotte was pictured with her arms around the family dog in a field of bluebells wearing a blue jumper and loose long hair around her shoulders. Young Charlotte has been in the spotlight since she was a baby, as the 4th-in-line to the throne. She and her parents and brothers ‒ Prince George, eight, and Prince Louis, four ‒ are often pride of place during big events in the calendar for the Royal Family. They are among those who stand on the Buckingham Palace balcony during Trooping of the Colour ‒ a military parade in celebration of the Queen’s birthday each year. However, it is not always a stress-free experience, as in 2018 Charlotte had a fall on the balcony, but was saved by her mother Kate. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan's waning US appeal 'threat to TV deals' Charlotte, then three, accidentally slipped and fell off a step near the balcony edge during the Royal Family’s appearance. Fortunately for Charlotte, Kate rushed to her rescue and caught her. Nevertheless, the toddler Charlotte looked visibly upset, so her mother picked her up to comfort her. Charlotte was standing alongside her second cousin Savannah Phillips, with her brother George on the other side of Savannah, and Isla Phillips on the other side of him. Savannah ‒ who is the daughter of William’s cousin Peter Phillips ‒ sent royal fans into meltdown when she placed her hand over George’s mouth as he gasped at the flypast. Charlotte was thankfully back to her cheerful self the next day as she cheered on her father during a charity game of polo in Tetbury, Gloucestershire. The princess was spotted practising headstands and donning a pair of pink sunglasses as the family enjoyed the hot weather. Charlotte is the first girl to be born into the Royal Family after the Act of Succession 2013. DON'T MISSPrince Andrew was 'always forgiven' by Queen and Philip [EXPERT]Prince Harry feud 'an irrelevance' to the Royal Family [QUOTE]Prince Harry 'already making plans’ to come for Queen's Jubilee [INSIGHT] This means she is higher than her younger brother in the line of succession. She is also known as the most outgoing of the three Cambridge children, with Kate reportedly once referring to her as “the boss of the household”. In December 2019, she showed her sassy side by refusing to be parted from a bunch of flowers she was handed by a well-wisher outside St Mary Magdalene Church on Christmas Day. As an aide offered to carry them for her so she could keep her hands free, Charlotte shook her head and held tight. Royal expert Katie Nicholl told the Mirror: “Charlotte is the most buoyant and outgoing of the three Cambridge children. “It’s that strength of character that will stand her in good stead when she’s older.” Body language expert Judi James told the MailOnline in 2021 that the princess “does appear to be something of a little leader in the family dynamic”. The pictures today show a very different Charlotte to that of four years ago, however. Looking very grown up, her winning smile prompted royal fans to comment on the “sweet” photographs. The Royal Family Twitter account, which presents the Queen and all working members of The Firm who do not have their own social media handle, wished Charlotte a happy birthday this morning.