In March, Prince Andrew paid a settlement sum to Virginia Giuffre, who issued a claim against him in a civil court alleging sexual abuse. The case brought against him in the US was based on allegations the Duke of York vehemently denied. The amount was reported to be as much as £12m, although an actual amount has never been confirmed. Speaking on Sky News, royal author Tina Brown has described the 62-year-old as an "explosion waiting to happen". Ms Brown said: "Andrew was an explosion waiting to happen, frankly, the way he'd be carrying on decade after decade. "[He was] really kind of unpoliced, in a sense, about what he was getting up to. "So that expolded, as it inevitably would". The expert had also branded the Duke of York as "in a way naive" about his friendship with convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein. READ MORE: What about equality? Prince Harry's biographer slams Duke of Sussex 'abusing his position' Speaking to LBC, she added: "He has no judgement, Andrew, he is in a way naive. You know, Epstein kind of made Andrew feel important, you know. "He made him feel part of the big time. Andrew never felt part of the big time. He would have the classic number, you know, son number two’s kind of inferiority feelings. Deservedly so. "Epstein had all this money, big deals. You know he really suckered Andrew in and Andrew thought he was his friend. I mean, that's what was really, in a sense, pathetic, actually." In 2019, Jeffrey Epstein was charged with one count of sex trafficking of a minor and one count of conspiracy to commit sex trafficking. READ MORE: ‘Hard to believe’ Kate Middleton blows royal fans away - ‘How does she look so good?’ Epstein pleaded not guilty and was later found dead in his prison cell and the death was later ruled a suicide. Prince Andrew reportedly had close ties with Epstein and in an interview with Emily Maitlis in 2019, the Duke declared that he did not regret his friendship with Epstein. The interview received enormous amounts of public criticism and following this, the Duke voluntarily stepped back from his royal duties. At the time, Andrew wrote in a statement: "I have asked Her Majesty if I may step back from public duties for the foreseeable future, and she has given her permission". DON'T MISS Meghan 'stole the soundbite' off Kate in rare Fab 4 outing [INSIGHT]Queen in 'lose-lose situation' as Harry and Meghan to steal spotlight [ANALYSIS]Princess Eugenie's podcast project questioned over Andrew's row [VIDEO] Following the settlement announcement, Prince Andrew's lawsuit left him facing calls to reveal how he was funding the settlement. Although the Duke's case has now closed, his reputation, in tatters, leaves little options to make his way back into public life. Speaking on a previous episode of the podcast ToDiForDaily, royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams described Andrew as an "international disgrace". Andrew made his first public appearance on March 29, 2022, when he attended the memorial service of his late father, the Duke of Edinburgh. The Queen's second son accompanied his mother to her seat in Westminster Abbey, via a separate entrance to the rest of the attendees.