Thousands of Britons are expected to head off to the continent in the coming months as summer approaches - with Spain remaining a key destination for tourists. The Spanish Government is now demanding Britain hands over access to its vehicle owner database, according to reports. This would allow it to chase up on travellers with speeding fines even after they have left the country. A Briton could, in this circumstance, return home with fines waiting in their letterbox. Both Spanish and British officials said the two countries are moving toward an agreement which would allow long-term British residents to drive in the country legally, reports the Telegraph. This would involve them swapping their British driving licence for a Spanish one. María José Aparicio of Spain's DGT driver and vehicle licensing authority told the paper “we never wanted to upset British residents”. She added: “The plan is that once they have been able to apply for the swap, hopefully in a few weeks, they can start driving again while the application is processed.” While progress appears to be being made on this side of the deal, Spanish authorities are complaining the British Government is acting too slowly when it comes to the exchanging of driver databases. The UK is “dragging its feet”, claimed Ms Aparacio. READ MORE: Woman denied access to board Ryanair flight over Brexit loophole Spain’s demand for the establishment of an automated database to deliver fines is understood to be key in ongoing negotiations. The country sees the onus as being on Britain to move the talks forward due to it having left the Brussels bloc. Ms Aparicio said: “This situation was provoked by Britain leaving the EU. DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] “We expect a bit more of an effort to reach a deal." UK Government sources, however, told the Telegraph no other country had made this demand. They added a system was already in place allowing Spanish authorities to request diver information on a case-by-case basis. The speed limit on Spanish motorways is slightly higher than that in Britain. Drivers are banned from going faster than 74 miles per hour. Other rules for driving in Europe can be found here.