Matt Tebbutt was joined on his Saturday Kitchen show by wine expert Helen McGinn, comedian and presenter Iain Stirling and chefs Mateo Zielonka and Andi Oliver. Matt was buzzing from recently winning The Fortnum & Mason Food and Drink Awards for Best Programme, but he put his celebrations to one side as he pointed out that he was missing from a framed piece of artwork sent into the show in an earlier episode. The now "award-winning" show, as Matt kept pointing out, was a talking point throughout the BBC show. At one point, the host even jokingly asked if viewers could "see him" behind the award that sat proudly on the table.  Having previously scolded viewer Alison, who sent in the artwork, over the fact that viewers would struggle to find Matt, he sat down with Helen and Love Island presenter Iain to inspect the newest artwork.  Matt said: "Right, Hels, let's have a look at this little beauty.." Read More: 'Don't know if that's true!' Mike Tindall rubbishes Jubilee plan claims on GMB An excited Helen replied: "So, yes. Alison, a few weeks ago, our lovely viewer Alison made a frame because she loves Saturday Kitchen. "But I was the only one in the frame, and I think you [talking directly to Matt] were a little bit put out?"  Looking hard done by, Matt jabbed: "Well, given that I am kind of front and centre of this show Alison every week..."  Moving swiftly on, Helen continued: "Alison has been at work, and she has made us a new one, and it is just extraordinary." Although Helen and Oli Smith had "managed to sneak" into the frame, Matt was clearly the main focus.  Pulling out his iconic "pointer" he examined the artwork proclaiming that it was "brilliant".  Impressed by the "effort" that had gone into the piece, he described: "I look great in this!  "Look at that waist. Alison, that is brilliant. Thank you so much for that." DON’T MISS…'BBC has LOVED it' Rees-Mogg hits back at Naga Munchetty, branding Partygate 'non-story'[LATEST]The Last Kingdom film: Eliza Butterworth won’t return as Aelswith 'We tried everything’ [LATEST]‘She absolutely goes mad' Mike Tindall in candid admission about daughter Mia [LATEST] Even guest Andi said how "butch" his little figurine was and that it looked like he had been "working out."  Getting back to the main show, he paused for a second while he took in the new award that sat next to him.  Within the first few moments of the show, he had referenced the award opening with: "Welcome to the award-winning Saturday Kitchen."  Later he added: "I have to mention, like I haven't before, look at that [pointed to the award] – best TV show in the world." Fans of the show were elated to see that he had won the award, with fan Bill Colmer commenting: "I really look forward to this great (award-winning) programme."  @painterley added: "The best award-winning food programme on TV."  @SciFi_Caroline said: "Seriously can't wait for 10am & the BEST PROGRAMME on TV. "   Saturday Kitchen airs on Saturdays at 10am on BBC One.