The victim had his mobile, sunglasses and a watch stolen in the robbery in the tourist resort of San Antonio. The unnamed Italian, 30, was held after he was admitted to the hospital over an unrelated matter. A spokesman for the Civil Guard said they arrested an Italian national as the alleged author of a crime of serious wounding. The force said in a statement: "On May 7, a British tourist suffered a robbery in a street in San Antonio in Ibiza, in which several strangers surrounded him and took his mobile phone, sunglasses and a watch. "During the incident, one of the assailants caused him serious injuries to a leg with a knife when he tried to go after them. "Following the identification of the attacker by Civil Guard detectives, they discovered he was in a hospital over an unrelated matter.  "On May 20, the suspect was arrested after being discharged from the medical centre." The arrest follows the detention by Civil Guard officers of two Moroccan men who are accused of mugging a British tourist for his £9,500 designer watch in the same resort. One of the North African suspects was intercepted at Ibiza’s airport as he tried to leave the island. It was not made clear when the alleged mugging happened.  So-called Rolex robbers mug holidaymakers every summer in places such as Ibiza and Majorca as well as Barcelona. Locals complained earlier this month that gangs of youngsters were targeting tourists in San Antonio. One businessman told island newspaper Diario de Ibiza: "They act swiftly, without speaking or drawing attention to themselves so as to surprise their victims. "They are very well prepared. Before this used to happen at night-time but now they strike at any time of the day."  He recalled being robbed of his watch, adding 50 bystanders were unable to do anything. The business owner said: "The robberies are happening on a daily basis. And with violence, which is the worst." Another witness told the same publication that they saw one thug throw a microwave at a member of the public. They said: "I guess to rob him. As they have nothing to lose, they are not afraid."  Meanwhile, the government of the Balearic Islands has vowed to crack down on illegal parties. A decree has been issued which could see party organisers and property owners fined up to £253,000 (€300,000). The Council of Ibiza said it will hire private detectives to try to prevent the gatherings. Majorca Daily Bulltein reports that parties have proliferated in Ibiza and spread to Mallorca.  Mercedes Garrido, Minister of the Presidency, is quoted as saying that the parties pose a security problem and are unfair competition for the islands' nightclubs and bars.