Millions of Brits will be jumping into their cars and hitting the roads over the extended bank holiday and it’s easy to forget that your car needs checking every once in a while to avoid any costly bills or a breakdown. Comparison site Nerdwallet have put together some expert tips that won’t take a moment to run through but could help avoid a fine or a long wait at the side of the road. Check your tyres for correct pressure and treads (don't forget the spare)Tyre maintenance, for all tyres, including spares, should be done regularly, but especially before a long journey. The tyre tread should be above the legal limit - no less than 1.6 millimetres.The best way to check the tread is to invest in a tyre tread depth gauge but many garages offer free tyre checks. READ MORE: UK car park that fines drivers even if they don’t park Fill up with fuel before you set offFuel is more expensive on motorways and dual carriageways, due to their 24 hour nature and increased demand. Although it may only be a couple of pence per litre, if you’re heading on a long journey, this can soon add up. Use the Petrolprices app to find the cheapest fuel near you and fill up before you set off, in each direction, to ensure you don't spend over the odds. DON'T MISSAll homes and workplaces will need smart electric car chargers in June [URGENT]Only 5 percent of buyers would now consider a diesel car [SHOCKING]New driving law could lead to 'sinister implications' for car tax [WARNING] Top up oil, coolant and screen washDriving in hot weather can put additional strain on our vehicles - particularly on longer drives. So it’s always advised to top up oil, coolant and screen wash before heading out on a long drive to ensure you can keep running for hours without issue. Most larger petrol stations also have all three in good supply so if you forget before leaving you can still top up on the way. Secure luggage and bikes - and don't go overboardRoof boxes and bike racks must be secured correctly and they have to adhere to the law when it comes to weight and size. Always refer to the manufacturer’s guidelines for securing any boxes or racks, and check the permissible weight allowed for your vehicle as stated in the operating manual. Bike racks that attach to the back of a vehicle must also not obstruct number plates or brake lights, as these must be kept clear and clean, in accordance with the Highway Code. Check your breakdown coverBreakdown cover is something many see as a luxury - until they break down. The cost of breaking down can reach hundreds of pounds, especially if you’re miles away from home. It costs an average of £2 per mile to tow a vehicle, on top of a call out fee, which can soon add up if you break down 100 miles from home. Breakdown cover is often included with car insurance or with some bank accounts - just check to see if you have some.