The Duchess of Cambridge was a vision in turquoise on Thursday as she paid a visit to the Design Museum in London. Kate was given the honour of presenting the Queen Elizabeth II Award for British Design to Saul Nash, one of a new generation of designers who are inclusive, sustainable and take inspiration from new sources. Kate said during her visit: "It is an absolute honour to be here today. "I've heard so many inspiring stories about Britain's creativity and seeing such incredible work from many talented designers, well done and congratulations." The Duchess praised the talent she had seen in the clothes created by the young designers she met before the ceremony. Nash said receiving the award from Kate was "surreal", and the Duchess was pictured chatting to several attendees during her visit. READ MORE: Meghan's reason to travel to Invictus Games questioned by expert  Kate said during her visit: "It is an absolute honour to be here today. "I've heard so many inspiring stories about Britain's creativity and seeing such incredible work from many talented designers, well done and congratulations." The Duchess praised the talent she had seen in the clothes created by the young designers she met before the ceremony. Nash said receiving the award from Kate was "surreal", and the Duchess was pictured chatting to several attendees during her visit. According to an expert, Kate's "genuine willingness to learn about others" was on full display during the outing.  According to an expert, Kate's "genuine willingness to learn about others" was on full display during the outing. Speaking on behalf of Betfair Casino, body language expert Darren Stanton said Kate's behaviour was reminiscent of the late Princess Diana. He said: “When she was seen interacting with others attending the awards, Kate looks clearly enthralled and excited by those exchanges. "She doesn’t lack confidence when William or other senior royals aren’t by her side. She is completely within her comfort zone and this is why we consistently see her displaying a genuine affection and building a deep rapport with those she is interacting with.  "She shows a genuine willingness to learn about others that cannot be faked, much like Diana did - what you see is very much what you get with Kate." Based on how attendees reacted to Kate's presence at the event, Mr Stanton said it was "clear" that Kate is an immensely popular royal. He said: “If you look at the body language of those interacting with Kate, there were many times when others surrounding the Duchess turned their body position in towards Kate, creating a perfect triad or pyramid shape, denoting a strong rapport and reciprocal liking.  DON'T MISS:Prince William reveals Charlotte's favourite song [INSIGHT]Kate and Camilla's 'success' in Royal Family down to shared traits [ANALYSIS]William and Kate’s Jamaican tour backlash over £41,000 bill [REPORT] "Similarly, their feet are turned in towards Kate, which reveals their want to be in that certain situation and around her. “It’s clear that Kate is one of the most popular members of the senior Royal Family now, who is able to connect with those from all walks of life and ages because of her sincerity and genuineness." Mr Stanton added Kate embodies a lot of the "empathy" that Diana was famous for during her lifetime. He explained: “It’s easy to see the similarities between Kate and Princess Diana and we haven’t seen a member of the Royal Family emulate or encapsulate the popularity and empathy that Diana had as Kate has done in recent years”. 