The 33-year-old Princess left royal fans gushing over her looks, with many complimenting the royal’s stunning appearance. She stepped out for The WICT Network event held at a restaurant in London, just days after she and husband Edo Mapelli Mozzi, 38, gathered a dozen friends at a 'private family christening' for her seven-month-old daughter Sienna.  The WICT Network aims to provide a network to support, encourage and promote women in media, entertainment and technology. Beatirce cut a stylish figure in a navy dress from Sandro, carefully coordinated with a Tommy Hilfiger blazer which she has previously been spotted in. Royal fans were quick enough to praise the royal member. A twitter user Goneutha tweeted: “Love this elegant chic style #princessbeatrice I have followed her style since I was a tad bit younger.”   An Instagram user Nurul.akmal.zainuddin commented on her photo: “She looks fabulous.” A second Instagram user Rossimancha commented: “I see her very skinny lately. She is beautiful and radiant.” A third Instagram user Petra_reimann1960 commented: “Wow. Every time I see a picture of Beatrice she seems to be prettier, how is this possible? “I really love her, she is a genuine beauty not only outside but inside as well.” READ MORE: Meghan 'stole the soundbite' off Kate in rare Fab 4 outing  A fourth Instagram user Celiapoststabile commented: “Beautiful Beatrice. She looks fabulous and more importantly she is very kind. Wish her happiness always.” Since being established in the US in 1979, WICT has hosted events collaborating with industry experts and set up opportunities for networking. The WICT Network claims the UK is the “latest chapter” in plans to advance the position and influence of women. The organisation invited television presenter Natalie Pinkham and Olympic medalist Kate Richardson-Walsh to speak on Thursday as they welcomed back in-person events. DON'T MISS:Hungary wants EU money before agreeing to bloc oil ban on Russia‘Explosions’ heard as massive plumes of smoke fill night air‘Dismal’ low turnout is ‘no confidence’ vote to leaders Princess Beatrice previously spoke about being “very lucky” to have had the opportunity to work with female roles in addition to the women in her family. Beatrice told The WICT Network: “We have to find another way, to find a new way to be [ourselves], to be authentic - all those words which we all struggle with. “I have imposter syndrome. I have it every single day. “But I think it's something that we have to strive to overcome. “Find those mentors, find that little voice inside of you, remember that you are part of something much bigger than yourself. “Strive for authentic, strong moments and you can be as sassy and strong as you like.” 