There are several reasons, including a shortage of GPs and the backlog from Covid, and they need rectifying. But what is inexcusable is that many patients simply don’t turn up to GP appointments. New figures show almost five million slots have been recorded as “did not attend” this year alone, and with the NHS catching up on the longest waiting list in its 83-year existence, it beggars belief some treat the system in such a cavalier manner. With each slot costing around £39, these missed appointments cost the NHS more than £1.4million a day. This is why the idea of charging patients for missed appointments has once again been raised. Mooted under health secretary Jeremy Hunt in 2015, the notion of a £5 or £10 charge has now gained a new urgency. And while it might be tough to implement – and some disagree on the grounds that the NHS should remain free at the point of use – it is surely reasonable. Whimsical no-shows cost us all and those who fail to turn up to GP appointments should be called to account. --------------------------------------------------- Galloping into legend The jockey Lester Piggott, who has died at 86, leaves a score sheet untouched by most sportsmen. In a career that lasted almost 50 years, he won 4,493 races in Britain – including the Derby nine times – and more than 850 races overseas. His well-chronicled flaws never eclipsed his undoubted merits. As a driven sportsman, his extraordinary discipline meant he kept his weight down for decades, enabling him to race for so many years. After being jailed for tax evasion and stripped of his OBE he bounced back, and a warm meeting with the Queen at Royal Ascot in 2017 showed a return to the fold. Something of Mr Piggott’s boundless tenacity reflected Britain in the post-war years. He will be missed. --------------------------------------------------- The Pistols v Pomp It’s a stand-off that recalls the great pop rivalries: Beatles vs Stones and Blur vs Oasis. Alfie Boe and Sarah Brightman, who have made a new operatic version of the national anthem God Save The Queen, are facing down the Sex Pistols – whose snarling epic God Save The Queen is back in the charts, 45 years on – to be this week’s Platinum Jubilee number one. Alfie has said that their song will “wipe the floor” with the once-banned Pistols belter, last a hit in 1977 during the Silver Jubilee. Pistols frontman John Lydon, now a national treasure and admirer of the Queen, has yet to return the compliment. But will punk or pomp and circumstance win? Our money’s on the latter.