Commentator Camilla Tominey described the possible drama as another “Sussex bomb” of the likes of last years’ explosive Oprah Winfrey interview, or Prince Harry’s forthcoming biography, reported to be a warts-and-all account of the Royal Family. Among the apparent moves by royal staff to remove any possible sources of tension was the decision for the Sussexes not to appear on the Buckingham Palace balcony for the Trooping the Colour. The pair have reportedly "promised to be on their best behaviour" when they make a return to the UK for the Queen's Jubilee, according to royal expert Russell Myers. But biographer Angela Levin was less positive about their return, warning that they “can’t be trusted” and Royal staff were responding accordingly. Speaking on GB News, Ms Levin said: "The Queen has handed out a sort of a peaceful olive branch to them [Harry and Meghan]. "[This is] because she wants everyone to be one of a family". Ms Levin continued: "But I don't think Harry and Meghan can be trusted anymore,” adding, "we don't know if the Netflix people are there, but I do know that they got extra security". Writing for the Telegraph, Ms Tominey highlighted that Royal staff cannot account for anything unexpected that the Sussexes will do. She said: “Yet while the palace remains in control of the “official” engagements the couple plan to attend - they are on the guest list for Friday’s Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral, although presumably not in the royal procession - the powers that be appear to have little knowledge of any of their 'unofficial' plans.” Meghan’s unpublicised appearance to the memorial for victims of last week’s Texas school shooting, which nonetheless stirred up a media frenzy, raises fears that similar events may yet follow in the UK. Their whistlestop visit to see Her Majesty at Windsor Castle en route to last month’s Invictus Games at The Hague appeared to take Royal watchers by surprise, fuelling fears of unpredictable behaviour further. Ms Tominey warned of a “circus following their every move” during the Platinum Jubilee. The possibility of Harry and Meghan’s Netflix deal having an impact on celebrations has also reportedly been a subject of considerable anxiety for Royal staff. READ MORE: Jubilee row explodes as Harry and Meghan told they are 'NOT welcome' [REVEAL] The streaming giant has not applied for accreditation to film the public jubilee events. A source claimed that, should Netflix camera crews try to set up filming positions in public areas, they will be "moved on" by services running the events. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex previously travelled with a Netflix camera crew during their trip to the Hague last month. While their team have denied a reality TV show is in the works, US celebrity gossip page Page Six reported Netflix is filming an “at home with the Duke and Duchess of Sussex-style docuseries”. Meanwhile, there are several UK charities the pair are still connected with, and it is not known if they will aim to reconnect with them. They retain their patronages of Wellchild and Smartworks, while Meghan is understood to have kept in touch with the women of the Hubb Community Kitchen at Grenfell Tower.