I read a headline in one newspaper that Sinn Fein was poised to “take power in Northern Ireland”. A quick Google check would have showed that Sinn Fein have been “in power” since devolution returned to Northern Ireland after the Belfast Agreement in 1998, because of course the devolution which NI has is not the same as Scotland and Wales but rather is a mandatory coalition where a number of parties are “in government”. In the last Executive the DUP, Sinn Fein, the UUP, the SDLP and the Alliance party were all as Executive Ministers “in power”, so the implied suggestion that Sinn Fein have not been in government is factually wrong. In fact in the last Assembly election in 2017 Sinn Fein had 27.9 percent of first preference votes and the DUP had 28.1 percent. The real story of this election will be who takes the final seats in a number of the constituencies across NI not what the global Percentage is for parties across NI, because it is those final seats which will determine the make-up of the next assembly and the next executive. The NI Assembly has five seats per constituency and while the first four are pretty easy to call, the fifth seat is where change will come and that is why transfers between different candidates will be so important to the outcome. If voters continue down the ballot paper instead of stopping at their preferred candidate, they can stop their most undesirable candidate from being elected. Voters have power - indeed election day is the day when we all as individuals regardless of our position in society have exactly the same power, i.e., our vote. It is an accepted fact that the largest party after the election will either be the DUP of Sinn Fein. If Sinn Fein does become the largest party, as the opinion polls are telling us, they will use it as a platform not for the good of the people of Northern Ireland but rather to call for a divisive border poll.   They will call for this poll even though there is no evidence that they would succeed but they want to cause instability and make NI unworkable. Instead of focusing on the cost of living including the impact of the NI Protocol, the growth of the economy and solving the problems in the NHS, Northern Ireland will be thrown into a constitutional row if Sinn Fein becomes the largest party- something the people of NI do not need. People here do not want to be like Scotland where everything is pivoted towards calling for an Independence poll by the SNP.  The NI protocol looms large during these elections as it has done since it was introduced last January. At a time when across the UK we are suffering from a cost-of-living hike, prices are even higher in NI due to the Protocol and we have less choice as a result of its imposition as well. It has now been reported that in the Queen’s speech the Government will set out their plans to deal with the protocol and take back sovereignty for this part of the UK. This is welcome speculation but forgive me if the champagne stays on ice until we see in black and white what is being proposed.  By the time of the Queen’s speech (May 10) we will know the results of the election in Northern Ireland and the parties will then have to decide on their next steps. For the DUP, even if they become the largest party again, they will not go into government until the Protocol is dealt with. The Protocol and the damage it is causing NI as a society was the reason why the DUP removed the First Minister from post back in February and therefore it would be unthinkable for them to appoint a new First Minister until they had clarity. So come next Thursday, election day, it is all to play for and it is literally neck and neck to see who will be the largest party come the counting of the votes. But whatever happens in the election it is what the Government do next on the protocol which will determine if stable devolution will resume again. All eyes then on the Queen’s speech. 