Six-year-old Chico, five-year-old Daisy and six-year-old Mitch came into the RSPCA's care in March after being rescued alongside a large number of chihuahuas found living in a caravan. The trio were taken to the charity's Block Fen Animal Centre, in Cambridgeshire. When Chico, Daisy and Mitch arrived they were very nervous but staff have been building up their confidence. The centre is desperate to find them a home together as they have a strong bond. Despite their size they are described as "feisty", so need an experienced owner. Kennels supervisor Tiffany Saunders said: “When Chico, Daisy and Mitch arrived they were under-socialised and very scared of people. "It’s taken us time to bring them out of their shells but now we’re really getting to know who they are as individuals. “They may be small but they’re certainly mighty; and they each have their very own personality, but have one thing in common - their love for each other. “They are very feisty and they need owners who can help manage their behaviour. "They’re fiercely loyal to their owner and form very strong bonds, but can be bolshy around strangers. READ MORE: Dog desperate for owner who understands 'quirks' after year in kennels “It took us some time to build bonds with this little group but, now we have, they’ve shown how loving they are. "But we know that any new owners will have to work hard to gain this trust.” Chico, Daisy and Mitch are looking for a quiet home with no children or other pets, and minimal visitors. The perfect adopters will have plenty of time to spend with them but provide them with their own space when needed. DON'T MISSRescue dog who ‘dreams of finding home’ marks one year in kennelsHeartbreak as rescue dog overlooked in kennels for 450 daysDog surprises RSPCA rescuers by giving birth to litter of 13 puppies Ms Saunders added: “Daisy is certainly the boss of the group. She is also the most cautious around strangers and will make you work for her love. "She absolutely loves long walks and enjoys chasing Mitch around in the paddocks. Once she trusts you, she adores cuddles and is very affectionate. “Chico is the most independent of the three. He’s happy doing his own thing and likes to mooch around and go for a good sniff. "However, he loves to cuddle up to his pals at bedtime and gets quite stressed if he can’t be with them. “Mitch is quite timid but is a real lap dog once he knows you. Initially he had to be carried out on walks but he is slowly learning that walks can be fun. "He is a bit of a pig and will try to steal Daisy’s dinner so you’ll need to keep your eyes peeled at meal times." Find out more about Chico, Daisy and Mitch. 