Gentleman Jack is back for its second outing on BBC One after two years away from the small screen. The BBC period drama is based on the diaries of Anne Lister (played by Suranne Jones), who was a landholder and widely considered the first lesbian in the 18th Century. From the very beginning, Anne knew that she wanted to pursue a romance with Miss Walker but some have perceived her pursuit of the heiress as money-driven. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Gentleman Jack.Anne Lister had many other lovers prior to settling down with Ann Walker (Sophie Rundle) but had rejected them due to their social standing. So when the iconic businesswoman came across Miss Walker who had money, connections and a high-ranking place in society, Lister went on to seduce and later marry her. In the second season, when Anne moves in with Miss Lister at Shibden Hall, her family is far from impressed, believing that she was being used for her wealth. But writer Sally Wainwright has stated she really does think Anne Lister was madly in love with her and not just the money. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Debbie Webster reports Abi in revenge twist Speaking to press, including Express.co.uk, Wainwright further explained the dynamic of Miss Walker's family. She said: "Being fair to Ann Walker's family, they would have been protective of her, whoever she would of married because she was loaded. "And at that time, that would have been their job in the absence of her parents and her brother being dead. "So for them to protect her from who they perceive as a fortune hunter or a predator, they were just kind of doing their job." Wainwright continued: "I don't think she [Anne Lister] was a predator in that sense. "When you read the diaries, you realise how much she looked after Ann Walker. "She really did look after her, there's so much detail in the diaries that you can't reflect in the show. "What she did brilliantly was help her get over her illness and get her out of that cage that her family had built. "The things she saw and did, the travelling she did because she attached herself to Anne Lister, she really did enrich her [Walker's] life." DON'T MISS...Sally Dexter partner: Is Emmerdale's Faith Dingle star married? [RELATIONSHIP]Timothy West speaks out on Gentleman Jack filming difficulty [CAST]Timothy West famous family: Who is the Gentleman Jack star’s son? [FAMILY] Gentleman Jack will be back for its penultimate episode on Sunday, May 22, on BBC One. This upcoming episode will be called What's All That Got To Do With Jesus Though?. The synopsis reads: "Ann Walker's determination to divide the family estate angers Captain Sutherland, who is increasingly disturbed by Anne Lister's involvement with his sister-in-law." After this, there will be just one more instalment to go, simply entitled It's Not Illegal. As of yet, a description of what's going to happen in the grand finale hasn't been released, leaving fans guessing. In terms of the show's future after season two, this also remains a mystery. BBC has yet to give Gentleman Jack the green light for a third season to be made but given its cult following, it does seem likely Anne Lister and Ann Walker will be returning for more. Gentleman Jack season 2 continues every Sunday at 9pm on BBC One.