The Government must immediately protect the poorest and begin work on creating the economic conditions to restore stability to the economy, while those who are shouting for the Government to “do something” must accept that there is no magic rabbit in a hat: it took Margaret Thatcher several years to get on top of the rampant inflation of the 1970s and that was when it was more of a British problem (we were then known as “the sick man of Europe”) than a global one. Everyone in work must accept that wage rises must be kept well below the rate of inflation, even if that does mean a large amount of belt-tightening, and especially for those who are paid above the average wage. The blessed minority who genuinely have spare money to spend should spend it. That may sound odd but there is what economists call “the paradox of thrift.” It happens when economic conditions are dodgy so people save hard, fearing a rainy day, but if they are not spending on goods and services then the suppliers go under and their workers become unemployed and a vicious circle develops. Next, we should all look out for each other as we did in the pandemic lockdowns. Very simple actions such as offering lifts to save bus fares can help those struggling. Such help does not, of course, eliminate the problem but it can ease it and every little bit helps. Finally, we should all reduce waste, the modern level of which still horrifies those of us who grew up patching and darning!   There are fears that when Her Majesty finally passes away, republicanism could gain traction in this country. If so, it will last only until the coronation of Charles III, when the pomp and pageantry of the first coronation for 70-odd years will fill the rest of the world with envy and Britain with tourists.  Elsewhere, I mention waste. The throwaway culture – which is now all-pervasive in the West – was brought home to me at the weekend when I helped clear out the house of someone who had no family and who had recently moved into a care home. When we had sorted out what was valuable enough to sell and what was appropriate for the charity shop, we were left with a stack of stuff such as half-used writing pads, pencils, rusty but serviceable tools etc for which people in the Third World would yearn but which ended up on a skip. Far more scandalous is the amount of food which is discarded simply because it has reached a sell-by date and medicines which are thrown away just because they have been opened, while children suffer in Africa for lack of those same remedies. The Victorians, who picked rags from rubbish heaps, would not believe our profligate waste levels possible.  Oh pleeze, just get this nonsense of Partygate over and done with, if only to give the BBC something else to talk about. Boris did not believe he was above the rules: he nearly died from Covid and was subject to exactly the same rules as anybody else in the hospital. His mum died in hospital in 2021 and the family was subject to the same rules as any other family. All that happened was that this shambolic man did not realise that being offered a bit of birthday cake by colleagues with whom he was lawfully working all day was against the rules, which changed seemingly every five minutes anyway and caught out even the police themselves who once deemed a takeaway coffee a “picnic”!  Sorry, but I think Ellie Simmonds the former Paralympic swimmer, is quite wrong to say that parents should not take advantage of a drug which will help children with dwarfism to grow to normal height. Her reason for this is that we should value diversity. Yes, but we should not value suffering and a lot of abnormally short people do suffer mentally and psychologically, sometimes considerably so.  Would we deny a drug to blind or deaf people, however much we celebrate their inclusion? Why unnecessarily inflict on a child physical difficulties not experienced by his or her peer group? What sort of parent would do that? Ellie’s achievements send a message of hope to children with her condition but that does not mean we should deny them treatment.  Well done to Joe and Jess Thwaite on winning £184million but I am not so sure they were wise to go public. Not only will the EuroMillions winners be swamped with begging letters now but for the rest of their lives, people will ask them for money. They will be envied and, sadly, resented by some people and will never know whether new friends value them for themselves or for what they hope to get outof them. So, be happy Jess and Joe, but you should probably also have been quiet.  I suppose that, once she was sued, Coleen Rooney had no choice but to spend large sums of money defending herself but it is difficult to believe Rebekah Vardy could ever have thought it worth bringing the action even if she believed she had caused. Who’s benefited but the lawyers? 