Boris Johnson has appeared in pictures obtained by ITV today during a gathering on November 13, 2020. The gathering, purportedly a leaving do for Lee Cain, then Downing Street's Director of Communications, saw the Prime Minister standing closely with eight other people. The four pictures showed the PM at various stages of delivering a speech to those in attendance, drink in hand. At the time, Covid rules would have prohibited these types of gatherings. More than two people from different households were prevented from mingling at the same time due to a rising caseload. Cases forced the Government to direct another lockdown for England just eight days before, which also prohibited all parties. Mr Johnson, however, was at the gathering with those eight and additional attendees out of shot, according to ITV's source, who dubbed the event "Fizzgate". READ MORE: Dominic Cummings warns Boris over damning Partygate photos On a table at the centre of the room were several bottles of alcohol, including champagne or cava, half a bottle of gin, and four bottles of wine. Responding to the pictures, a No 10 spokesperson said the Prime Minister would address the situation after Sue Gray publishes her report "in the coming days". They said: “The Cabinet Office and the Met Police have had access to all information relevant to their investigations, including photographs. "The Met have concluded their investigation and Sue Gray will publish her report in the coming days, at which point the Prime Minister will address Parliament in full.” What do you think should happen next for the PM? Have your say in the comments here. The pictures come just days after the Metropolitan Police closed its investigations into the alleged events at Number 10, having only fined the Prime Minister once. Named Operation Hillman, the police force announced it had completed its investigations into rulebreaking on Downing Street on May 19. Detectives referred a total of 126 fixed penalty notices (FPNs) for events held at premises in Government HQ relating to eight dates. Among them was the November 13 occasion pictured in the ITV photos released today. They included: Despite the photo reportedly showing the November 13 gathering, however, the Prime Minister was only fined for one several months earlier. He received his single fine in April for attending an event celebrating his birthday in June 2020. Chancellor Rishi Sunak and the Prime Minister's wife Carrie Johnson also received fines, which they paid. The latest news will likely increase a sense of "injustice" within Downing Street reported after the news of the remaining FPNs emerged. The Prime Minister may still see further consequences, however, with the allegedly damning report compiled by senior civil servant Sue Gray now on the horizon.