Manchester United are reportedly interested in signing Porto midfielder Otavio. However, Liverpool are also keen on the 27-year-old and could do business with the Portuguese club again following the signing of Luis Diaz in January. United are set to embark on a busy summer transfer window. Erik ten Hag is in Manchester preparing to replace Ralf Rangnick as the club's permanent manager at the end of the season. Unsurprisingly there has been a long list of players linked with a move to Old Trafford. Portuguese outlet A Bola claims Otavio is a target for United ahead of next season. However, Liverpool are also interested in the player, as are Newcastle. Otavio has a release clause in his Porto contract of around £50million. READ MORE: Tottenham 'make three demands' to Barcelona over Clement Lenglet transfer  Liverpool beat United 9-0 across their two meetings in the Premier League this season and could have the advantage in this deal. They would be able to offer Champions League football, with United not yet sure if they will be in the Europa League or Europa Conference League next term. But the Reds have done business with Porto recently, signing Diaz for an initial £37m in January, and that relationship could help them beat their rivals to Otavio's signature. Otavio joined Porto in 2014 but only became a regular from the 2018/19 season onwards. He has three goals and 11 assists to his name in Liga NOS this season and has been instrumental in Porto winning the title. United's need for new midfielders appears to be greater than that of Liverpool's. Nemanja Matic will leave the club at the end of his contract and Paul Pogba is likely to follow suit. DON'T MISSBarcelona 'want to include second player' as part of Depay to Arsenal transfer [GOSSIP]Kylian Mbappe: PSG’s horrendous ‘decision’ proves Real Madrid is the best place to be [OPINION]Man Utd reach conclusion after ‘investigating’ leaks under Ralf Rangnick [REPORT]  However, the idea of playing with Diaz again at Liverpool could be attractive to Otavio. Diaz played alongside the midfielder for his two-and-a-half years at Porto. Diaz has had a fine start to life in the Premier League. The 25-year-old has six goals to his name for Liverpool as the Reds aim to win an unprecedented quadruple this season. Diaz was a star performer in the Carabao Cup final win over Chelsea in February. He was then named man of the match in the FA Cup win victory over the same opponents last Saturday.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here