Tom Cruise has been announced as one of those heading the entertainment at tonight's Royal Windsor Horse Show screening on ITV. The star, who will appear on the show alongside talent such as Dame Helen Mirren, Damian Lewis and Omid Djalili, was mobbed by thrilled fans when he showed his face publicly today. Tom was photographed watching the action today as a series of events unfold to celebrate the Queen's Jubilee. Meanwhile the acting sensation has also extended a personal invitation to the Royal Family. Prince William and Duchess of Cambridge Kate Middleton will attend the Top Gun: Maverick premiere at the request of Tom himself. More to follow... READ NOW: 'The baldy biker!' Dave Myers appears for first time since chemo Tom, who is said to be a huge "fan" of the royals and their brand, was all smiles this afternoon, grinning broadly as he stood at the show. Meanwhile he has been receiving rave reviews in preparation for the launch of forthcoming movie Top Gun: Maverick. Critics have exclaimed that the star barely seems to have aged since the first Top Gun movie, and he has amazed with his willingness to do his own stunts. The sequel to his 1989 movie will see him courageously film scenes in a F-18 fighter jet at 1,189mph. However film fans will be glued to their screens even earlier than the film is released after it was announced that Tom, alongside the likes of Damien Lewis, would be one of the hosts on tonight's ITV show. The action began at 8pm in celebration of Queen Elizabeth II's 70-year reign on the throne. It was announced as the show kicked off that the celebrations were "fit for a monarch whose reign has been nothing short of history-making". No doubt Tom's presence is included in the list of stars who have added to the magic of the momentous night. DON'T MISS... Coleen Rooney claims Rebekah Vardy texts 'knocked her sick' [LATEST] Prince William honours Deborah James with Damehood at family home [UPDATE] Richard Gere, 72, not concerned about being an older dad with wife, 39 [INSIGHT]  Phillip Schofield praised Tom's youthful looks, while the cast, who had just met him, jokingly discussed whether he had been "cryogenically preserved". While the spotlight is currently on the Queen, Tom will get his chance to shine on Thursday as members of the Royal Family show up to his film premiere in Leicester Square. William and Kate will appear on the red carpet and meet the entire cast, including Divergent star Miles Teller. Hollywood veteran Tom pulled out the stops for the couple after reportedly discovering that the Prince, as a trained RAF pilot, had loved the original 1989 version of his movie. It has been suggested that the royal couple may have already had a sneak peek of the movie ahead of the official premiere, along with other royals such as Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie.