Labour MP Chris Bryant has described the release of the photos confirming Boris Johnson’s presence at a lockdown-breaking party as the beginning of the end for the UK Prime Minister. The photos obtained by ITV News show Boris Johnson toasting with at least six people around a table in 10, Downing Street. The gathering is thought to have taken place on 13 November 2020 during the second national lockdown when people were only allowed to go out for a limited number of reasons, including work. When asked whether he thinks the photos will change the Tories’ minds, MP Bryant blasted: "He’ll be gone and good riddance. "I think it will all change. "A photo tells a thousand words, doesn’t it? "It tells a story that nobody can deny. "Even when Priti Patel is really wounding me up in the chamber, I have some respect for her." "When Boris Johnson a) lies, b) passes the buck, c) breaks the rules that he himself set when everybody else was trying to abide by them and lived a misery because of it. "And then throws all this stuff overboard rather than take responsibility. "That’s when I genuinely despise somebody. LBC’s Radio host Matt Frei then said: “Wow, strong words. How many days do you give him?" "As you say, it’s not up to me, is it?”, Mr Bryant answered, as it is now up to Tory MPs to decide whether to trigger a no-confidence motion. "But the problem for every conservative MP who decides to defend him or let him stay is that they are then complicit in it." READ MORE: 'Pathetic!' Brexiteer slams Boris for 'knifing civil servants'  Looking ahead at the next general election, Mr Bryant said: "I mean, there’s an argument for the Labour party. "We should be keeping quiet and letting him stay. "Because 85 percent of the British people think that Boris Johnson is a liar. "And I think that the sense of fury will grow and grow." DON'T MISS: New Boris Johnson pictures LEAKED at No10 party - pressure mounts [REPORT]‘For the public to judge’: Is the Sue Gray report really independent? [ANALYSIS]Ferrari rages at focus on Gray report as he slams cost of living fail [REPORT] "Maybe that will be good for the Labour party in the next general election", Mr Bryant added. LBC's Matt Frei jumped in, saying: "And yet you might lose your leader over fixed penalty notices in Durham." "Well, I think Keir Starmer generally has more integrity in those little things than Boris Johnson has in his whole family", Mr Bryant concluded.