Forecasters have predicted the UK could see the hottest day of the year this weekend when temperatures are expected to top the highs of 23.4C reached in London over the scorching Easter weekend. The highest temperatures are expected on Sunday, May 15, when April’s record could be broken if the mercury climbs to 25C as predicted. Much of Britain is expected to bask in glorious sunshine on Friday, May 13, following a cloudy week for most. The showers and rainfall that have hit much of the UK are expected to clear up ahead of the weekend, with temperatures set to reach 21C by Friday before getting warmer throughout the weekend. Jim Dale, senior meteorologist at British Weather Services, said the balmy weather is expected to last into Monday for much of the UK before cooler conditions close in on Tuesday, May 17. He told Express.co.uk: “It’s a three-day mini-heatwave culminating in thundery outbreaks during Monday and particularly Tuesday.” He said most of Britain could expect “very warm” weather on Friday, Saturday and Sunday with “plenty of sunshine” expected across the UK. London and the southeast of England are expected to see the warmest temperatures, with the capital expected to reach 25C on Sunday and possibly Monday, although some scattered showers may break out in some parts. Mr Dale said areas in East Anglia and Manchester would likely see temperatures up to 23C while coastal areas including Cornwall, parts of Wales and northwest Scotland would feel cooler due to moderate winds.  He said: “Friday is a decent day everywhere, UK-wide. High pressure is coming on the scene and it will stay there through Saturday and most of Sunday, maybe even in the east on Monday. But by then we've got a deterioration in the West in the form of showers. “The last of the rainy weather is going out the door from northwest Scotland, Northern Ireland tomorrow. Then into Friday, universally it’s a dry and fine day. There should be a good deal of sunshine.” Temperatures on Friday are expected to peak around 21C in London and average around 18C-19C elsewhere, while northwest Scotland will be fair cooler, with highs hitting between just 8C-9C degrees. Mr Dale continued: “Saturday is universally a far, far better day. Everybody gets a dry day. There should be plenty of sunshine around. It’ll be a little bit hazy at times in the north, I'd say. But the temperature profile will be peaking once again in the London area at 23-24.” Mr Dale said the “arch of warmth” would spread across much of England and Wales, although coastal areas would remain cooler than central areas such as East Anglia and Manchester. He said: “Sunday should be another good day for most parts, certainly in terms of the temperature profile and the sunny weather. READ MORE: 'Exceptional heat' as 30C heatwave could scorch land for WEEKS  “Although it will be warm it'll turn a little bit more humid and there will be one or two showers breaking out, particularly in the pm.” He added: “24C-25C in London areas on Sunday is entirely possible. It’ll move slightly more into East Anglia on Monday, where it’ll be between 22C-24C depending on the cloud levels.” A senior meteorologist at the IBM Weather Company said that highs of 25C could be reached again on May 16, although this is “very much dependent on cloud cover and showers” that look set to close in early next week. They told Express.co.uk that “much of the UK will enjoy a dry day with a good deal of sunshine around and light winds” on Saturday and Sunday, adding: “The exception will be the far northwest of Scotland with a little more in the way of cloud and the risk of a few showers." IBM said scattered showers and cloud cover could hit parts of the south on Sunday although there would be “plenty of sunshine” and “above average” temperatures in the southeast of England in particular. Although temperatures are predicted to stay high on Monday, a frontal system is expected to bring outbreaks of rain closing in from the north of the UK and into southern areas. DON'T MISS:Ukraine LIVE: Putin hits out at spies as Russian dead on 'huge pile' [LIVE]Putin 'not about to retreat' as Russia set on NATO 'neutralisation' [LATEST]Britain will back Sweden and Finlandin face of 'attack' [BREAKING]  IBM said: “Temperatures continue above average to begin next week but with showers becoming more widespread at times across the west whilst further east will be brighter, warm, and turning more humid. “This brings a threat of afternoon and evening showers, some of these locally heavy and thundery. South and East coasts remain the cooler areas with an onshore wind, but inland widely around 18 to 22 C across England and Wales, but mostly 15 to 19 C across Scotland and Northern Ireland. “Some locations in the southeast may reach up to 25 C on Monday and Tuesday but this very much dependant on extent of cloud cover and showers. “From mid-week less certainty in the outlook but currently it looks to remain warmer than average but perhaps a few degrees cooler than Monday and Tuesday.” Next week is set to be much more “unsettled” after the balmy weekend, with some “heavy thundery type weather” possibly closing in on Tuesday, according to Mr Dale. 