Pippa Middleton, the younger sister of Kate Middleton, entered the world stage in 2011 when she was a bridesmaid at her older sister’s wedding. Six years later on May 20, 2017, Pippa tied the knot at her own wedding to James Matthews, a British former professional racing driver, hedge fund manager, and heir to the Scottish feudal title of Laird of Glen Affric. Pippa chose a custom Maidenhair Fern tiara by Robinson Pelham cofounders Zoe Benyon and Vanessa Chilton.  Charlotte White, head of design at 77 Diamonds, exclusively told Express.co.uk: "For her wedding in 2017, Pippa Middleton chose to wear a very pretty, intricate and custom-made Maidenhair Fern diamond and white gold tiara to match her Giles Deacon dress as she walked down the aisle with her hair in an up-do. “Pippa's tiara was smaller and more understated than the Cartier Halo tiara worn by her sister Kate Middleton at her wedding when she borrowed it from the Queen. “Pippa's tiara is more like an elaborate hair ornament than a regal tiara and it matched her white lace dress to perfection. READ MORE: Kate & Pippa have one 'huge difference' when it comes to parenting  “Many women who are not royals choose to wear tiaras on their wedding day and some have family tiaras which they breathe new life into by amending them into a more modern style. “Interestingly, Kate Middleton wore a fern-shaped brooch at Westminster Abbey on April 26 last month which appeared to nod to the theme of her sister's wedding tiara." According to Steven Stone experts, "Pippa Middleton’s wedding tiara has an estimated value of £20,000." Maxwell Stone, the Creative Director at Steven Stone exclusively told Express.co.uk: “When Pippa Middleton married James Matthews she wore an incredible custom Robinson Pelham tiara, which stole the show as she walked down the aisle.  “It is believed that the piece was meant to radiate romantic simplicity, in keeping with the wedding theme. “The stunning tiara is crafted with diamonds and 18-carat white gold. “It’s much smaller than many other royal tiaras, including Kate Middleton’s £1,000,000 Cartier Halo tiara, however, is no doubt extremely beautiful.” Maxwell explained why Pippa chose to wear a tiara despite being a non-royal.  He said: “Tiara’s are becoming increasingly popular for brides, even those who aren’t royalty. “We see over 4,500 google searches for ‘wedding tiaras’ in the UK each month, suggesting a high number of brides are keen to wear one. “Although Pippa isn’t an official member of the Royal Family, she broke the historic tradition that only royal brides should wear a tiara, and chose a stunning yet understated piece. “It’s reported that Pippa wanted to radiate simplicity on her wedding day, which is why the piece is much smaller and daintier than many other royal headpieces we’ve seen.”  Last month, Kate wore a new brooch to the Anzac Day, and it featured similar design elements to Pippa’s tiara. Maxwell continued: “Kate Middleton’s brooch features a stunning fern design, very similar to the tiara worn by her sister, Pippa, on her wedding day. “It also resembles Queen Elizabeth’s New Zealand fern brooch, which Kate has previously loaned. “In New Zealand, ferns are believed to symbolise strength and endurance, along with light and guidance.” 