Just moments after Sam Ryder's emotional Eurovision Song Contest 2022 performance, fans were pouring on to Twitter calling for him to receive a knighthood. Sam was the 22nd out of 25 performers tonight as he showcased his track 'Space Man' in front of the crowds. @liv_liv_liv wrote on Twitter: "If Sam Ryder comes top 10 we should give him a knighthood." @FloydUK echoed: "As far as I’m concerned, if Sam Ryder can get the UK onto the left side of the board then he should be knighted." Some fans joked about creating a "prayer circle", while others requested a Bank Holiday in his honour and an open-top bus parade through the UK. Meanwhile @ATDazzles quipped: "Sam Ryder is Jennifer Aniston with a beard and that's all I've ever wanted from our #Eurovision entry!" READ NOW: Prince William honours Deborah James with Damehood at family home Backstage, Sam was the winner of the Press Award at the Marcel Bezencon Awards ceremony, but frenzied fans had their fingers crossed that this accolade would just be the beginning. Meanwhile, as Brits await a potential comment from the Queen about the performance, others joked that his face should replace hers on British currency. "If Sam Ryder gets us to the left side of the leaderboard surely that’s enough to warrant an extra bank holiday? Top 5 and he replaces Queen Liz on all the bank notes #Eurovision," @laoise_g quipped. Meanwhile @mattpennington exclaimed: "It is legit day light robbery if we don’t win this!" @JC62matildamog chimed in: "Sam Ryder did us proud. That was absolutely brilliant. I was smiling all the way through it." @JackDunc1 was unconcerned about accolades however, exclaiming that Sam had "done us proud regardless". @anna_mcarthur added: "He has been the best thing to happen to the U.K. in Eurovision in the last 2 decades. "An amazing performer who knows EXACTLY what he’s doing + has shown nothing but positivity through the whole process." @QuilterDown agreed that the Essex-born star was "something for UK to be proud of in these dark days". @CurtisMahony added: "If Sam Ryder doesn't win it's either Ukraine running away with it or genuine European politics." @alanhazlie concurred: "[He] couldn’t have given it any more. "Stunning energy and still a vocally pure performance of a fantastic song. "Honestly think UK is the best all-round entry tonight so far!" Fans are now awaiting news of who will be crowned the winner, as the 25 countries go head to head with each other for the title. The action continues to unfold in Turin, where, according to Betfair Exchange, Sam and the United Kingdom are in the running for the grand prize with 15/2 odds of winning.