 Car windscreen wipers must be in good condition if motorists want to avoid a fine of up to £2,500. Road users risk a further fine of £1,000 if they have a dirty windscreen.  Section 40a of The Road Traffic Act: Using a Vehicle in a Dangerous Condition Part II clarifies that drivers must operate the vehicle correctly. It states that a person is guilty of an offence if they use a motor vehicle or trailer on a road when the condition of it involves a danger of injury to any person. This includes the vehicle or trailer itself, as well as accessories or equipment, which could cause harm to others. This applies to windscreen wipers, with drivers being urged to check the blades for any splits in the rubber edge. READ MORE: UK car park that fines drivers even if they don’t park  This could prevent the wiper from clearing water properly or leaving streaks in the line of view. If not, drivers could be left with a fine of up to £2,500, as well as three penalty points. Similarly, motorists need to ensure their screenwash levels are topped up, especially as millions look to go away for the Jubilee bank holiday weekend. Under Regulation 30 of The Road Vehicles (Construction and Use) Regulations 1986, drivers are told they must keep all glass clear of obstruction. DON'T MISSAll homes and workplaces will need smart electric car chargers in June [URGENT]Only 5 percent of buyers would now consider a diesel car [SHOCKING]New driving law could lead to 'sinister implications' for car tax [WARNING]  If they don’t and it affects their ability to see properly they could be charged with careless driving in the event of an accident. This could land drivers with a £1,000 fine and three penalty points on their licence. When topping up the screenwash, Vanarama recommends to drivers that they shouldn’t fill it with water. They recommend using premixed screen wash as it contains cleaning agents that cut through the grime and leave the windscreen looking as good as new.  In addition, the Highway Code also instructs drivers to keep their windscreen cleared at all times. Annex Six of the code refers to vehicle maintenance, safety and security, and says: "Windscreens and windows MUST be kept clean and free from obstructions to vision." Drivers are usually advised to replace their windscreen wipers at least once per year. However, depending on usage, environment, and quality of the wipers, they may need replacing even more regularly.  Motorists can also fail their MOT if their windscreen wipers do not operate or are missing. Further test failures can be expected if the wiper blade is defective or does not clean the windscreen properly in the event that it leaves streaks or smudges. By checking the windscreen wipers before every journey and before the MOT test, road users can save money by replacing the wiper blades when needed. The wipers shouldn’t leave streaks and smears behind when they remove rain, debris or dirt, with washer fluid also imperative. If all of these steps have completed and they still leave marks on the windscreen, they may need to be replaced.