On Tuesday, Camilla and Charles arrived in Canada to mark the start of their three-day Platinum Jubilee tour. The Duchess of Cornwall and Prince of Wales began their visit by meeting Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. Their tour, which began in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador, will see them travel to Ottawa and Yellowknife, the capital city of the Northwest Territories. Both Charles and Camilla are set to play central roles during the Jubilee celebrations next month, particularly as the Queen’s attendance is not guaranteed. Earlier this year, Her Majesty declared her “sincere wish” for the duchess to be named Queen Consort once Charles ascends the throne. The Queen’s endorsement displayed her trust in Camilla as the Prince of Wales’ support system. Since her wedding to Charles in 2005, many have claimed that the duchess has changed the prince, and one expert has suggested that Camilla has had a notable effect on his relationship with his mother. Writing for Vanity Fair last month, Katie Nicholl, claimed that Camilla’s influence has made Charles “closer than ever to his mother”. She wrote: “[Camilla’s] family is her nucleus — she is extremely close to her son, Tom, daughter, Laura, and five grandchildren. “She remains on good terms with her ex-husband, Andrew Parker Bowles, and counts her sister, Annabel, as her best friend.” Ms Nicholl continued: “Her ‘family first’ motto has rubbed off on Charles, who speaks to Prince William almost every day on the phone and is closer than ever to his mother.” The Prince of Wales has taken on more of his mother’s responsibilities in recent months. Last week, Charles attended the State Opening of Parliament in place of the Queen. Her Majesty had only missed the key state event twice in her reign — both times during pregnancy. The monarch’s absence, and the prince’s attendance, signify a shift within the Royal Family. Following the Queen’s State Opening absence, some royal experts have claimed that the Queen could appoint Charles as regent in the coming year. The Regency Act, officially signed into law in 1937, specifies who stands in for a monarch when they are unable to carry out their duties. Robert Hardman, author of Queen of Our Times, a definitive biography of Elizabeth produced with the help of Buckingham Palace, told The Daily Beast that the “resolution to her absence” is from “the use of the Regency Act”. Duncan Larcombe, former royal editor at The Sun, said he suspects “Charles will actually be officially installed in some kind of regency capacity within a year.”  Similarly, Clive Irving, author of The Last Queen, said he suspects the Regency Act will be put in place “once the Jubilee is over”. Charles, William and Camilla’s attendance gives a glimpse into the future of the monarchy, when the Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall become king and queen, and the Duke of Cambridge takes on his father’s role and title. Former BBC royal correspondent, Peter Hunt, told PA on Tuesday the State Opening was a “significant moment for two future kings.” He continued: “Charles will accelerate his on-the-job training. The heir is teetering on the edge of becoming de facto prince regent. William will observe what awaits him.  “With the Queen progressively withdrawing from public life, the palace is keen to show the monarchy is safe in the hands of father and son.” Despite concerns surrounding the Queen’s health and mobility, the monarch proved her passion for horses by showing up at the Royal Windsor Horse Show on Friday and Sunday. Her Majesty also made a surprise appearance at Paddington Station to see the completed Elizabeth line on Tuesday. It was the monarch’s first engagement outside of the Windsor area since she attended Prince Philip's memorial service in Westminster Abbey seven weeks ago.