After struggling with her eating disorder, Summer (played by Harriet Bibby) opened up to friend Billy Mayhew (Daniel Brocklebank). Amy Barlow (Elle Mulvaney) recently told Billy she heard Summer secretly purging, as they soon discovered she had been suffering in silence. With the help and support from her friends, Summer has begun attending diabetic support classes, where she met new love interest, Aaron. However, official spoilers reveal that her recovery could be set back after Aaron rejects her advances. In upcoming scenes, Summer reveals to Aadi Alahan (Adam Hussain) that she’s joined a diabetic support group. Later, Aadi takes his chance, and when he suggests to Summer they could try again, she admits she’s fallen for someone else. The mystery man meets up with Summer from the diabetic support group and opens up about her bulimia journey. At first, he is stunned at the revelation, and soon Summer worries she's scared him off by telling him the truth too early. READ MORE: The Blacklist: Kurt Perez title card leaves NBC viewers emotional However, he assures Summer that he's in no way judging her and will give her as much support he can. Summer's hopes of pursuing a relationship with Aaron are soon wiped away when he tells her that he thinks they should only see each other within the support group. Feeling upset, Summer stands in front of the mirror in her bedroom and hates what she is sees. Later, she tries to call Aaron for some company, but the phone goes straight to voicemail, upsetting her further. Will the upset from Aaron's rejection push her recovery back? Summer has silently been struggling with her eating disorder and was forced to take action when Amy caught her red-handed. Things whet from bad to worse when Summer was wrongfully taken into the police station due to Jacob Hay's (Jack James Ryan) misdeeds. The wrongful conviction meant she was left in a diabetic coma in her cell, which soon prompted Billy to take charge and get Summer help with her health. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Jacob exposes Kirk secret to get promoted [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Audrey Roberts loses everything in scam [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Tim Metcalfe dead after fatal health mistake [WATCH] Her support group friend Aaron has also been a helping hand for the diabetic as their friendship has continued to grow. Coronation Street boss Iain MacLeod said at the beginning of the year that Summer's story "is going to be one of our most important stories" of 2022. "It's going to be very long-running, nuanced and heartbreaking to watch this incredibly promising young woman disintegrate. "But in the best tradition of our storytelling, it will have a redemptive ending." The Cobbles are set to see some major storylines in the upcoming months as Abi Franklin (Sally Carman), and Imran Habeeb's (Charlie De Melo) fight for baby Alfie comes to blows. Phill Whittaker (Jamie Kenna) and Tyrone Dobbs (Allan Halsall) prepare for another epic battle as they fight for the attention of Fiz Stape (Jennie McAlpine). Who will be left heartbroken in the upcoming scenes of the ITV soap? Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 8pm on ITV.