Mr Starmer has campaigned with officials from Israel's Labour party in a bid to distance himself from Jeremy Corbyn's leadership. Dan Hodges, political commentator for Daily Mail tweeted: “John Curtice says very possible Keir Starmer won’t be able to say he’s done better than Jeremy Corbyn did in his best local election result.”  Labour’s best local election performance under Jeremy Corbyn’s leadership was in 2018. He had accused the Conservatives of giving a "pathetic" response to rising prices and pledged to cut energy bills through a windfall tax on oil and gas firms. Sir Keir had said he would "fight for every vote" in the local elections in England, Scotland and Wales.  Local councils are responsible for everything from bins, bus routes and potholes, to providing mental health services, deciding planning applications and managing schemes to tackle climate change. In England, more than 4,000 councillors in 146 councils are up for election in major cities including Leeds, Manchester, Birmingham and all 32 London boroughs. READ MORE: Dr Shola sparks tells Tory voters to 'get their heads examined' Tories are facing a test on cost of living and Partygate as people casted their vote across the UK. There were early positive signs for Labour as they made gains from the Conservatives in West Hendon and Whetstone wards. However, the final results are not expected in Barnet until after dawn.  DON'T MISS: Scottish Tories brace for ‘heavy loss’ in electionsAudience member snaps at Fiona and defends BorisRoyal Family LIVE: Meghan has 'nothing to show' as Queen withdraws Sir Keir kicked off Labour's campaign by claiming families would be £2,620 a year worse off on average under the Conservatives, it has been reported. Their figure is a pick-and-mix of various costs - £1,000 in tax, £1,000 in energy/petrol prices, and about £300 each for food and mortgage costs. The Labour leader also promised to change employment law to prevent “scandals like P&O” - a reference to the ferry company which sacked 800 staff without a consultation, in order to replace them with cheaper agency workers. 