Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp expects his side to reach the Champions League final again next year, ambitiously telling his team to 'book the hotel'. The Reds lost 1-0 to Real Madrid at the Stade de France on Saturday, and the German was visibly exhausted after the final whistle, but made a point to convey a message of motivation to his devastated players. Liverpool unleashed a barrage of shots against Los Blancos, but Thibaut Courtois was in a formidable mood and pulled off a string of top-class saves to keep them at bay. Vinicius Jr popped up with the only goal of the game as he tapped in at the far post during the second half, and the Reds were unable to mount a response. That sealed Carlo Ancelotti's fourth Champions League as a manager, making him the most decorated in the competition's history, and Real extended their collective lead at the top of the all-time list with a 14th title. Liverpool missed the chance to make it number seven, and will end the season with two domestic trophies despite being in contention to pull off an unprecedented Quadruple as recently as last weekend. JUST IN: Gary Neville fires shots at BT Sport over handling of Champions League fiasco   "It's not bad to get to the final," Klopp told BT Sport in a raw and emotional post-match interview. "That's already kind of success. It's not the success we want to have, but I have a strong feeling that we will come again. "The boys are really competitive, we have an outstanding group together and we will have again next year. Where is the final next year? Istanbul? Book the hotel." DON'T MISS: Liverpool fans still queuing for Champions League final vs Real Madrid towards half time Just this week, Klopp discussed a similar feeling when Liverpool lost to Real Madrid back in the 2018, which he described as the worst day in his life. And his hunch proved correct a year later as the Reds met Tottenham in the final, romping to a 2-0 victory courtesy of goals from Mohamed Salah and Divock Origi. Neither player could bail Liverpool out at the Stade de France, however, and they may feel underwhelmed that they can only boast the FA Cup and Carabao Cup from a season spent chasing every available trophy right until the very end. Michael Owen defended his former side after the final whistle by claiming that they remain the best team in Europe, which provoked a spiky response from Rio Ferdinand. Klopp, meanwhile, is evidently trying his best to stay positive, but did express some regrets on how his team approached Madrid during the showdown in Paris.  "The two decisions agianst us were the smallest margains possible," he added. "We played a good game, not a perfect game, but I dont think that's possible against an opponent set up with a deep formation, going for long balls and these kind of things. We had a lot of shots but not the clearest. Courtois made top saves and we conceded a goal. "The boys tried absolutely everything, we played like we wanted to play after going 1-0 down. With the deep formation we had our mdifielders too deep, we could've caused them more problems but they are a threat with the counter-attacks. We wanted to be more brave in the second half. We played around them, we should have played more in the formation than around them."