Chase automatically saves the difference of rounded-up payments into a separate account where spare change earns big interest. Savers who choose to use the round up savings strategy when using their debit card can get their grip on the five percent.  Rounding up is a common savings strategy often used when people pay for purchases with cash, then putting their change aside instead of spending it elsewhere. With the Chase round-up account, Britons can still use this strategy when paying by card. The account automatically separates the change of one’s debit card purchases into their round-up account where it will earn interest. However, savers can only save into this account using the round-up method. They will not be able to make payments directly into the account. READ MORE: State pension alert as some may get ‘higher’ sum than £181.15 per week - check now     These round-ups are made on debit card payments. Additionally, savings can only be withdrawn from the round-up account by transferring it into another account, either with Chase or another UK bank. Savers will therefore not be able to spend directly from the account, keeping their savings safe from accidental expenditure. The account has a variable interest rate of five percent AER, or 4.89 percent gross.  All funds, including interest, can be transferred into an account of the savers’ choosing annually. However, savers must have at least one account open at any time to continue using the round-up account. The round-up account can be closed at any time without charge. If they close the account all interest and funds will be transferred into the savers account of choice.  Savers can also only have one round-up account at any given time. Chase also has other savings accounts for those that don’t take to the round-up strategy. Their easy access savings account also offers a market leading rate of 1.5 percent interest. Easy access savings accounts generally have lower interest rates than fixed accounts due to the access people have to their money.  With the Chase account, savers can withdraw or use their funds whenever they want without incurring penalty fees or interest losses. Savers can open as many of these easy access accounts as they like, each of which can be personalised with labels. People can label their different savings pots with what they are saving for, reminding themselves to keep to their goals every time they open the account. Both of Chase’s savings accounts are offering well above the current base rate of one percent.