Appearing on GB News, the singer and Bucks Fizz member Aston spoke to presenter Beverley Turner about why Britain has consistently failed to win over the last 25 years. Aston, along with the rest of Bucks Fizz, stormed to victory back in 1981 with the track Making Your Mind Up. The risqué performance saw the male singers whipping the skirts off the female members to reveal mini-skirts. She said the Eurovision Song Contest grand final this evening (May 14) would “probably” be just as political as it usually is. Aston, who also stood as a Brexit MEP, went on to say: “I imagine there will be a huge vote for Ukraine and I will be one of those people voting. “I’ve said in the past, it was kind of a shame it should have been a song competition but the political thing has been creeping in - but it has been for decades. “So it wasn’t just about Brexit. I used to get quite upset about that. That’s far more recent.” “We haven’t won since the mid-90s and we just haven’t been putting the right songs in, so hopefully tonight we’ll do better.” READ MORE: What time is the Eurovision Song Contest tonight? On whether the competition had evolved since Bucks Fizz’s victory back in 1981, Aston said: “We had far few countries, obviously. "Europe has grown enormously and you could sort of second-guess what Germany, France and Spain would vote for. “And we won by a few votes. So I do think that might have had something to do with skirts. Literally, everyone gave us a few points but we didn’t get big points. “So yeah, it’s a very different competition to the one we have today and far more Eastern Bloc countries, so it’s changed hugely.” Aston added: “And obviously we’ve been doing terribly badly but I really don’t feel it was just about Brexit because it hasn’t been great for us.” The last time the UK has won the Eurovision Song Contest was Katrina and the Waves back in 1997 with the uplifting song Love Shine A Light. In 2019, Britain ended up at the bottom of the scoreboard, while the 2020 competition was cancelled due to the coronavirus pandemic. In 2021, UK entrant James Newman scored ‘nul points’ in both the audience and jury votes - the first song to do so in both counts ever in Eurovision history. This year could be a different story for the UK with Sam Ryder’s uplifting track Space Man already being touted as a frontrunner by the bookmakers. However, he will be facing tough competition from Ukraine’s Kalush Orchestra and their track Stefania. The star said the UK hadn’t been putting the right acts in but praised this year’s entrant. She said: “I think Sam with his Space Man song has really got a chance. I think we should get into the top five.” DON'T MISS...How much do Amanda and Clive Owen get paid for Our Yorkshire Farm? [EXPLAINER]Laila Rouass on Ronnie O'Sullivan 'feeling flat' after world title win [INTERVIEW]Emmerdale theory: Dan Spencer killed off as Cain Dingle takes revenge [ANALYSIS] Aston said it was how the song was delivered on the night, saying: “What happens so often, I think it happened a lot last year, is that you have to do so many performances to get different countries behind you, like loads of rehearsals, loads of PR, so by the time you get to the evening, you’re exhausted. Quite often your voice [is exhausted]. “And so I just hope he’s managed to save it tonight but I think he knows what he’s doing. He’s really a different kettle of fish to what we’ve been putting in. “He’s a star, he literally is and I really hope he does well. He’s got my vote - well, my vote’s for Ukraine. We can’t vote for our own people.” The Eurovision Song Contest 2022 grand final airs on BBC One tonight at 8pm