The property market has boomed in the last 18 months, with average house prices reaching never before seen highs despite the general economic downturn caused by the coronavirus pandemic. But despite skyrocketing prices and frenzied demand, some experts have argued that buying now could actually be a wise idea. The cost of living crisis has caused financial hardship for millions across the UK. Four successive rate rises and the rising cost of living are likely to bring more caution over coming months. What’s more, many property analysts are expecting a halt in the rise in house prices in 2023, and a select few predict prices could even drop. But even if house prices do fall, it’s unlikely to help first time buyers get on the ladder anyway, as it will be coupled with overall economic downturn. READ MORE: Why has Adam Frost moved house? Inside 'scaled back' garden Analysts at Capital Economics have predicted a five percent drop in house prices over 2023 and 2024. Capital Economics forecast that homes values will continue on the upward trajectory throughout the rest of 2022, and will up by nine percent at the end of year compared with 2021. But rising interest rates will cause the mortgage borrowing rate to jump, with the rate average being 1.6 percent at the start of this year to 3.2 percent at the end of the year, going on to reach peak of 3.6 percent in mid-2023. If the forecast is true, it would be the sharpest mortgage rate rise since 1990. Analysts at Capital Economics have predicted a five percent drop in house prices over 2023 and 2024. Capital Economics forecast that homes values will continue on the upward trajectory throughout the rest of 2022, and will up by nine percent at the end of year compared with 2021. But rising interest rates will cause the mortgage borrowing rate to jump, with the rate average being 1.6 percent at the start of this year to 3.2 percent at the end of the year, going on to reach peak of 3.6 percent in mid-2023. If the forecast is true, it would be the sharpest mortgage rate rise since 1990. DON'T MISSCar crashes into the front of Boris Johnson's £1.2m house [INSIGHT]Woman furious as neighbour 'keeps hanging their washing in my garden' [REPORT]House prices: UK city seeing the biggest rise in asking prices [ANALYSIS] Mr Bath added: “This is because first-time buyers often have a smaller deposit and need the most borrowing power – which will undoubtedly mean that borrowers will be scrutinised over their ability to afford a mortgage when applying to lenders. “That being, said, many lenders will continue to offer rates for the broad spectrum of home movers. “An increased rate move could add hundreds of pounds a year to the average mortgage bill for those on the standard variable rate – especially in an arena with such high demand and low supply." The most recent rate adjustment to one percent could push monthly repayments up to £928, and a rise to two percent could push average costs to £983. That means buyers would pay an extra £1,272 a year compared to if they purchased a property in March. But even if the price of their home went down by five percent, first-time buyers would still pay significantly more. Mr Bath said: “The Bank of England base rate has just reached one percent for the first time in 13 years, with expectation that this could rise above two percent in the coming months. “For many homebuyers, this could still be a relatively cheap level of borrowing – especially given the Central Bank's projections – which potentially makes it an extremely attractive option versus the ever increasing average rental levels seen in the market."