Birmingham Crown Court heard how Derek Hall failed to stop at a pelican crossing on Queslett Road in Great Barr, despite the fact other vehicles ahead of him had pulled up. He ploughed into a father-of-two, in his 30s, sending him flying into the air. He then tried to argue that the cyclist was partially at fault - for not wearing high visibility clothing and having his headphones in. The cyclist's catastrophic injuries, including brain damage, were feared to be 'unsurvivable' at first. While his condition has improved slightly he is still in a rehabilitation centre and is unable to walk or talk, three years on from the incident in 2019. His devastated wife said her family effectively died on the day of the collision, saying now she was "so tired I can't even cry". Hall, aged 60, of Dyas Road, Great Barr, pleaded guilty to causing serious injury by dangerous driving, Birmingham Live reports. At Birmingham Crown Court on Wednesday, May 25, he was jailed for three years and four months as well as being banned from driving for three years and eight months. Judge Sarah Buckingham said: "You were driving too fast for that piece of the road. The lights were on red and you should have stopped. "You showed total disregard for pedestrians and other road users at that point. You didn't slow down and continued to drive in that manner." The collision occurred at 7.42am on Tuesday, January 29, in 2019. The court heard that the particular stretch of Queslett Road has a 40mph speed limit and that there was a red triangular warning sign 110 metres before the junction while the road surface became 'high friction' 100 metres ahead of it.  Prosecutor Michael Aspinall stated a motorist waiting at the lights closed her eyes in fear of the inevitable tragedy after seeing Hall's silver Renault Cleo drive past her. Then she heard an "'almighty crack". The prosecutor added: "She saw the cyclist lying on the left-hand lane. "The defendant stopped his car about six feet in front of where he was lying. She recalled the defendant saying 'it was me'." Another witness stated he saw Hall "come from the left and barrel through the red light", estimating he was travelling between 30 to 40mph. Hall told police he approached the light on amber but carried on because he was "already committed to the junction and couldn't stop".  He also stated a 4x4 in the right-hand lane obstructed his view but ultimately "couldn't explain why he didn't make an emergency stop". The victim was taken to the Queen Elizabeth Hospital and suffered bleeding on the brain and a fractured skull. Mr Aspinall provided an update as to how the cyclist, now 38, was as of April this year. He said: "He has to use a wheelchair for mobility and a heavy-duty Zimmer frame. His speech is slurred and he is using a tablet for complex conversations."  In an impact statement, his wife stated "my family is gone, it died that day". She added: "I had to learn how to be mum and dad. I had to take over all of my husband's duties overnight. "Learning new things every day. Quite often I feel overwhelmed. I have never slept through the night since for fear of upcoming challenges. I am so tired I can't even cry. I don't feel anything anymore."  Simon Hanns, defending, said: "He stopped, stayed and tried to assist the injured party. He made no attempt to leave. He said to one witness 'it was me'. He was obviously in a distressed state himself. "He voluntarily attended a police interview and struggled to deal with what had happened himself. It still seems to be the situation."  Judge Buckingham criticised Hall's lack of remorse following comments he made to the probation service. She said: "You have shown limited insight blaming him for his position saying he wasn't wearing high visibility clothing, his lights were not bright enough and he had headphones on. "No one else knocked him over. You knocked him over because you drove through a red light." 