 Mr Farage condemned the Tory Government’s failure to establish a deal for the transfer of goods between the UK and Ireland. The GB News broadcaster slammed the trade issues sparked by the Conservative’s Brexit deal with the European Union. Speaking on GB News, Mr Farage said: “We were given this oven-ready new deal by the Prime Minister and very explicit promises that there would not be a border down the Irish Sea. “Well, we are in a mess that is entirely of the Prime Minister’s own making.”     He continued: “Lord Frost sat here two nights ago and said look, we had to end the impasse and that is what they did. “I feel it’s a mess of our own making. “We’re in a funny old position right now. “Clearly, Northern Ireland has been put in a totally impossible position.”     The broadcaster demanded immediate action to address the border dispute. “A part of the United Kingdom has been annexed, effectively. “Something has got to be done. “Liz Truss is talking tough about invoking Article 16.” Read more: Brexit news: Theresa May shuts down Boris over bid to change protocol    Foriegn Secretary Ms Truss declared she would consider triggering Article 16 of the Northern Ireland protocol. In doing so, the elements of the treaty which prevent a hard border to the Republic would be revoked. Mr Farage explained: “The European Union, of course, don’t like this one little bit. “They’ve been wholly uncooperative on Northern Ireland right from the very start.” Don't miss:Boris's Brexit mess handed Sinn Fein Northern Ireland on a plate  [REVEAL]EU 'doesn't care' about tensions with UK over hated Brexit rule [INSIGHT]Brexit: How could the UK suspend the Northern Ireland protocol? [ANALYSIS]  Mr Farage mocked the EU’s refusal to cooperate in negotiations surrounding the Irish border concerns. “It’s as if we’re going to smuggle inferior goods through Northern Ireland into the Republic, which of course is total nonsense. “When they threaten a scrapping of the trade deal, are they serious? Should we be worried?” The UK Government has continued discussions with the EU in an effort to establish a border protocol that will satisfy trade regulations and avoid isolating Northern Ireland.   