Mohamed Salah has fired a warning to Real Madrid after Los Blancos secured a place in the Champions League final thanks to a thrilling win over Manchester City. The La Liga outfit will play Salah’s Liverpool in the Paris showdown later this month. Liverpool’s Premier League rivals City appeared to be cruising into an all-English final when Riyad Mahrez fired home at the Bernabeu. The Algerian’s goal put Pep Guardiola’s side 5-3 ahead in the tie. However, Real mounted a remarkable comeback in a dramatic final few minutes. Forward Rodrygo scored twice in quick succession as the game ticked into added time. The drama was not done there, either, as the Spanish side won a penalty early in extra time. Karim Benzema had been quiet throughout the contest but confidently dispatched his spot-kick. JUST IN: Man City player ratings vs Real Madrid: Two 4s as City bottle chances Real will face Liverpool in the Champions League final - a repeat of the 2018 showpiece. Reds forward Salah has already aimed a fiery warning to Carlo Ancelotti’s side. A Gareth Bale brace and Loris Karius’ comedic errors helped Madrid to a 3-1 win in that game four years ago. Liverpool had not yet developed into the European heavyweights they now are under Jurgen Klopp. Their most recent Champions League triumph came a year later, before they won the Premier League in 2020. Salah immediately jumped on social media to fire a message to Real. The 29-year-old wrote: “We have a score to settle.” DON'T MISS...Man City's Guardiola shares theory behind meltdown vs Real MadridReal Madrid's Casemiro lucky to escape red card vs Man CityLuka Modric slapped by Aymeric Laporte as Madrid and Man City clash The former Roma ace - who has been linked with a move to Madrid amid rumours about his future - played in the 3-1 defeat in 2018 but suffered a devastating early injury and was substituted. It was the end of his first season at Anfield. Salah helped Liverpool defeat Villarreal in their semi-final and maintained afterwards that he would prefer to play Real Madrid in the final over Premier League title rivals City. “I want to play Madrid, I have to be honest,” he told BT Sport. "City’s a really tough team, we play against them a few times this season. If you ask me personally I would prefer Madrid.” After being probed by BT Sport pundit Peter Crouch on the reasons behind wanting Real Madrid over City, Salah added: “Because we lost in the final before against them. So I want to play against them, hopefully win it against them as well.” 