Stephen Fry has admitted that he could be "sacked" by the BBC for being "old, fat and white". The former host of TV show QI, 64, explained that he "wouldn't be surprised" if he was given "a red card" by the broadcaster, as he told how he's appreciative to receive offers of work in a period of "huge change". The star made the comments after having worked for the broadcaster on and off through his career. Fry said: "I’m not as old as the BBC but I'm getting there. "You know, I wouldn’t be surprised if I was shown a red card." The star told how he had no plans to retire any time soon and wouldn't step away from his work through choice. READ MORE: Jennifer Saunders says 'no one warned her' of ‘brutal’ health struggle Fry went on: "I can’t imagine myself stopping because I enjoy it too much "But I can imagine people saying, 'do we really need this fat, old, white b*****?' "I’d be very upset if I was some great hero of comedy and drama who I sometimes overhear saying, 'f****** BBC, once you get past… don’t they know what I’ve done for them?!' the Daily Star reported him saying. He continued to say that he appreciates he's still receiving offers of work in a period of "huge change". Fry added: "I’m of an age that I could retire, so everything that’s coming to me is lucky. "I’m happy to still be asked to do things." He went on to share his plans for his busy work schedule, which includes shows in the works for Netflix. Fry explained: "I’m going to Iceland and then a couple of weeks later I’m off to Amsterdam to do a documentary about these remarkable Dutch resistance fighters who were both openly gay in the 1930s when the Germans invaded the Netherlands, they had courage that’s just beyond belief. DON'T MISS...Rylan Clark urged critics 'lay off' Scott Mills amid BBC replacement [INSIGHT]Coleen Rooney enjoys family time abroad after Wagatha Christie trial [ANALYSIS]Jamie Bartlett dead: Mandela actor died aged 55 [UPDATE] "Then I have a couple of things for Netflix coming up. There’s a Neil Gaiman one I’m looking forward to, it’s just a small part in the adaptation of The Sandman.' "I’m very fortunate and lucky. "I don’t mean to sound like I’m ready to settle down but we’re living in a very interesting time, there’s a huge change going on," he said at the BFI and Radio Times Television Festival. Earlier this year, Stephen made his return to hit Channel 4 show Countdown after two decades. The show's maths whizz Rachel Riley took to Twitter to react to the news, saying that the addition was "well worth the wait". Rachel took to Twitter to compliment national icon Stephen in view of her 695,600 followers by replying to his tweet, which read: “After a 20 year gap, I’ll be guesting on @C4Countdown all this week. Stephen also tagged Rachel and Dictionary Corner star Susie Dent, 57, in his exciting announcement to his 12.4 million followers. Reacting to Stephen’s first day of guesting on the show, Rachel wrote: “Worth the wait! (heart emoji)”. Express.co.uk has contacted the BBC for comment.