Manchester United desperately need to overhaul their squad this summer. Erik ten Hag knows the Red Devils require significant investment if they’re to reel in the likes of Liverpool and Manchester City. However, that certainly won’t be easy for the club to do. Manchester United will miss out on big money this summer after failing to qualify for the Champions League. And their transfer budget could yet be hampered even more if they fail to beat Crystal Palace and end up sliding into the UEFA Conference League for next term. United are poised to back Ten Hag, knowing they require a major rebuild after a disappointing season under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. Yet with so many areas of their squad in need of addressing, they may not have the funds to address each and every one of them. So, with that being the case, Express Sport will now take a look at three perfect candidates for potential swap deals this summer. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings United loaned Anthony Martial to Sevilla hoping he’d be able to add some pounds to his price tag. But the France international’s struggles have continued over in Spain, with the 26-year-old yet to score a single La Liga goal. Martial remains an attractive asset for interested suitors, however. On his day he can be unplayable, it’s just consistency in his game that’s lacking. United are thought to value their No 9 at around £40million but, given his struggles, it’s hard to see any teams bidding such a vast amount. Therefore, United may have better luck if they decide to use Martial as bait when it comes to securing top targets. Reports have suggested he’s been offered to Napoli and Inter Milan so far, though neither currently appear to be interested. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag United would, ideally, loan Dean Henderson out for another year. But selling him would perhaps be wiser, especially with the England international having precious little chance of ousting David De Gea from the team any time soon. Newcastle have distanced themselves from links to Henderson, despite suggestions earlier in the week that a move to St James’ Park was close. So how about using him in swap deals instead? Henderson is an attractive target due to the fact he’s young and got time on his side to get even better in the future. If United can identify a player they want, then using Henderson as bait could be a way to drive any potential transfer fees down. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Just three years ago, United spent big on Aaron Wan-Bissaka. After scouting over 800 right-backs, the Red Devils thought giving Crystal Palace £50million for the 24-year-old was a shrewd move. Yet Wan-Bissaka is now set to be offloaded, with Ten Hag deeming the player surplus to requirements. Given he’s young, and defensively adept, Wan-Bissaka shouldn’t be short of suitors. Again, if United can identify a player they want from a rival team, it’s feasible they’d be interested in taking on a player who, just mere years ago, was deemed as one of world football’s hottest prospects. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Ten Hag has a number of players under consideration as he aims to improve United. At the back, Pau Torres, Manuel Akanji and Jurrien Timber have been linked. United will need a new midfielder to offset the imminent departures of Paul Pogba and Nemanja Matic. So that’s led to links to the likes of Declan Rice, Frenkie de Jong, Kalvin Phillips and Ruben Neves. And, up top, the Red Devils have interest in Antony and Darwin Nunez as they look to ease the goalscoring burden on Cristiano Ronaldo next time out.