No waiting until June 2023 when the next cementing in of the Shale Gas Wells deadline comes around again for Cuadrilla. Why aren't we immediately fracking and imposing emergency laws to bypass legal challenges? It’s clean, cheap and these vital resources already belong to us – so we don’t have to go begging cap in hand to whoever wants to profit from selling us something we already own.  Britain can frack with a cost-plus model to ensure she benefits from lower energy prices rather than having to buy our energy off the global market. That’s the kind of stability nations dream of, and it’s ours for the taking. It is unsustainable to put the entire nation effectively on benefits so they can eat or heat. Hyperinflation and civil unrest is the net result of Britain not having a sensible energy policy led by Oil, Coal, Gas and Nuclear. Tinkering around with wind turbines will end in tears for the Tories. And let’s not pretend ‘green energy’ is anything less than a red light that spells danger. Whatever you’re told, ‘renewables’ are far more expensive than gas from the ground, and miles less reliable. Question: What happens when the wind doesn’t blow – or there’s gigantic gust? Answer: Power cuts either way. Gas doesn’t do that. You turn it on, the lights come on. And when the wind farms don’t spin and the sun doesn’t shine (this is Britain, remember), our gas powered land keeps calm and carries on, rain or shine. Does fracking cause earthquakes? Green anti-frack-fanatics want you to think fracking is going to shake our lives to pieces. Give me a break. The ‘earthquakes’ from fracking are less than a passing truck. Ask America. They’ve got two million fracking sites, and Brooklyn Bridge isn’t falling down, and nor will London Bridge, or any other bridge, high rise block or rural home. In fact, green campaigners should be demanding fracking the most. They know we’re using gas, and it’s coming here from abroad, far and wide. Homegrown gas comes out in tidy sites, burns clean and keeps on the lights without tankers using 150 gallons a mile of dirty marine diesel to bring it here. And why would we even think about depending on imports when it’s here already, just waiting for us to bring it out of the ground carefully, sensible, ecologically responsibly, making sure we leave the ground as we found it? What about all the mess – like the waste water from the process? Relax - the tech exists to clean it completely – tech that’s homegrown too by the way, made in Wales at a price that’s right. Go and ask the guys in Swansea about their water cleaning systems - they’re just waiting for the go-ahead and they’ll make the water clear and clean.   Do the frackers want an eco-hand out like the wind and solar folks? Forget it! The gas people take the commercial risk as they do the tests and share the results with the world. That’s the right way. Real power from clean fuel, all funded by the free market, not the taxpayer. Boris Johnson has a small window to turn this around and win another Term in 2024. When it comes to the General Election, people will say, 'Did the Tories behave like Tories and harness our Domestic Energy Security over ideological nonsense'? China and India know how to prioritise domestic fossil fuel resources over solar panels, why don't we? Rishi Sunak's Windfall tax is a complete con, which will simply siphon money from traditional energy companies to funnel into subsidies for inefficient renewables companies. By contrast, giving the green light to green gas means we turn what’s under our feet into the heat in our homes, the power in our grid and trouble-free energy security in a troubled world. So wake up Boris! See the fracking light, and go green with a gas boom, or lead us all into an unforced bust.  * @loisperry26 is a leading fracking campaigner. Her UK Government Petition End the Fracking ban now has 16,582 signatures. Lois led the first call for a Net Zero Referendum last year before COP26.  