The travel expert said that easyJet has cancelled more flights due to leave tomorrow. The budget airline was hit by an IT failure yesterday. Simon told BBC News: “Everybody is wanting to travel and that is why we’ve got all these stresses and strains. “For an awful lot of people, it’s the first chance they’ve had to have a break for over two years so it’s natural that they want to get away. “I hate to be the voice of travel doom and I want to stress that the vast majority of people will get where they need to go. “Ryanair, Wizz Air, Jet2 are all doing absolutely fine. Most of the ferry companies are doing well but there are specific stresses and strains. READ MORE: Suitcase packing: The 'folding' method to 'carry more' in your bag “I’ve just been speaking to someone at Stansted airport, who has just waited an hour to come back in through passport control. “Now that’s tedious and annoying but actually you get your holiday, if you don’t mind a bit of queueing you’ll be fine. “But I’m afraid easyJet, flying particularly in and out of Gatwick, is having a horrible time. “Yesterday about this time they were having an IT failure with more than 200 flights cancelled.” easyJet suffered an IT issue yesterday which led to many flights being cancelled from major UK hubs. One passenger said the scene was “chaos” as travellers were unable to get off on their holidays. Simon added: “Today they’re up to about 30 flights cancelled and I’m afraid I’ve just checked tomorrow and there have already been 20 cancellations. “Two are from Gatwick, including and you should have been notified about this, holiday destinations like Madeira, Morocco and both flights to Seville in southern Spain.” He added: “If an airline cancels your flight, it has to get you where you need to be as soon as possible, even if that means buying a very expensive ticket on a different airline.” British tourists do not need to have insurance to get another flight if the airline cancels their flight. Simon said: “Insurance has nothing to do with it. The airline that cancels your flight is responsible. “If they can’t get you on the same day but another airline can, then either they buy you the ticket or you buy it and then claim it back." He said: “You’re also entitled to hotel accommodation and meals until you can get where you need to be.” Simon also said there was “unbelievable demand for the Eurostar” with all today’s trains packed with passengers. However, the service is running on time with no current delays for British tourists. He added that Dover customers could face a 90-minute wait. Simon said: “It’s basically Brexit”. Travellers face more checks to travel to France since Britain left the EU.