Experts from Bloom & Wild have warned the “mini-heatwave” hitting parts of the UK this week could cause houseplants and cut flowers to wilt at a “quicker” pace. However, the exact location you keep your blooms could make all of the difference, and prevent “falling petals” and fading flowers. An expert from Bloom & Wild explained: “Temperature changes can make blooms wilt quicker.” You may have noticed florists refrigerate flowers. This is because cooler temperatures can actually prolong the life of freshly cut blooms. When the sun is at its hottest, direct sunlight can also have an adverse effect on both cut stems and houseplants. Bloom & Wild said: “Do your best to keep flowers out of direct sunlight. “Even though flowers need light to help them blossom, it also makes the vase’s water evaporate faster. “Definitely keep them away from conservatories and sunny window sills.” READ MORE: Cleaning: How to clean washing machine drawers - 'cheap and effective’ Ensuring flowers have plenty of fresh air circulating around them can work wonders for longevity, but be wary of draughty locations. Bloom & Wild explained: "You should avoid placing them in strong draughty areas, such as on a windowsill with the window open. "A strong breeze might make your bloom’s petals fall." Instead, they recommend choosing a wider neck vase to allow airflow around the stems. DON'T MISSLawn care: Can you kill weeds using baking soda? [EXPLAINER]Oven cleaning: How to clean oven door glass under 5 minutes - ‘cheap’ [COMMENT]Cleaning: ‘Cheapest’ way to get rid of ants in homes - ‘kills them’ [REVEALED] If you do notice your green friends are looking a little worse for wear, it's worth checking to see how much water they have. For houseplants, stick your forefinger into the soil up to your first knuckle. If the soil is dry in the first inch to inch-and-half, water. The finger test can ensure you do not overwater them. For cut flowers, double-check the water level in the vase. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Bloom & Wilds expert explained: “Flowers and foliage use water to prop up their stems, so if they’re looking sad, they most likely just need a quick drink. “Place stems in tepid or lukewarm water, as they will enjoy this more and absorb the water more quickly than cold. “You will also need to check frequently that the water is topped up vigilantly; it quickly evaporates with the heat. “Your indoor plants and planted flowers will also suffer from the heat. Keep a spray bottle with fresh water near your plants and mist them occasionally to cool them off.”