Arsenal could look to call in a favour from Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola in order to keep hold of defender Gabriel Magalhaes. The Gunners centre-back is the subject of serious interest from Juventus, however, Mikel Arteta has received a transfer boost following reports that the Serie A side are now considering a move for City's Aymeric Laporte.  According to Corriere dello Sport, the Old Lady have reignited their interest in the City centre-back after broadening their search for a new central defender. Juventus are understood to have made strengthening at the back their key priority this summer after veteran Giorgio Chiellini confirmed he will bring an end to his 17-year stay in Turin. News of Juventus eyeing other targets will come as a significant boost to Arsenal who were in danger of losing Gabriel - one of their first-choice centre-back options. Arteta will now be hopeful his old mentor can play a role in the Gunners attempts to retain the Brazilian defender by allowing the Italian giants to snap up Laporte instead. It appears unlikely that Juventus would look to sign both centre-backs, so should the Serie A side land Laporte, Arsenal's fears of losing Gabriel will likely be allayed. The Italian outlet also report that Guardiola's side are open to the Spaniard's departure. READ MORE: Arsenal face battle to sign new 'Philipp Lahm' with West Ham and Newcastle keen  The newspaper explain that Gabriel sits alongside Monaco's Benoit Badiashile atop Juventus' transfer wish-list, however Laporte has recently been added. Federico Cherubini, who replaced Fabio Paratici as the club's director of football following the latter's move to Tottenham, recently visited London where the idea of signing Laporte was said to have been revived. The Italians were heavily linked with a move for Laporte last summer, and though a loan deal was touted, the 28-year-old remained in Manchester. The French-born defender was a mainstay in City's backline this season and amassed an astonishing 44 appearances in all competitions as Ruben Dias' season was stunted by a series of injuries. DON'T MISSArsenal could repeat Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil signings for next season[OPINION]Liverpool told to hijack Man Utd summer signing for Sadio Mane replacement[QUOTES]Neil Warnock issues 'non-league' response to Djed Spence after star's cheeky promotion dig [SOCIAL]  It isn't just regarding Gabriel and Laporte that Arteta may well be calling in a favour from Guardiola, either. Arsenal themselves are keen to strengthen this summer, however their priority lies in attack. The Gunners are understood to have earmarked City striker Gabriel Jesus as their top transfer target for the upcoming window with Arteta having made no secret of his desire to reinforce his forward line with further firepower. The Brazilian recently admitted he faces an "uncertain" future, with the eagerly-anticipated arrival of Erling Haaland from Borussia Dortmund likely to limit his game-time at City next season. 