Chelsea striker Romelu Lukaku has been told that he blew a golden opportunity to save his Chelsea future in the FA Cup final. Lukaku started up front alongside Christian Pulisic and Mason Mount in the penalty shootout defeat to Liverpool, but was substituted off after 85 minutes. Lukaku had scored three goals in Chelsea’s previous two Premier League matches against Leeds United and Wolves, but has been told he did not take his chance on the big stage at Wembley. Former Chelsea midfielder Andy Townsend told talkSPORT: “I’m looking at him at the side of the pitch and thinking ‘what a chance for you today’ he is starting in this one, didn’t know what was wrong with Havertz, not on the bench either so clearly an issue. “What a chance that was for Lukaku at the weekend. Did he take it? No. Did he look like really doing that much? One little situation on his left foot in the first half, half volley, he had a driving shot that he ended up hitting over the bar. “It’s just nothing convincing about Lukaku in a Chelsea shirt. Just nothing that makes you think, even if you thought next year, he has had his ups and downs this year but I think we are getting there now. Just nothing. It’s a weird one.” The Belgian striker made it clear on the eve of the FA Cup final that he did not share the views of his agent, who claimed that the 29-year-old wants to hold talks with Chelsea’s new owners about his future. Federico Pastorello, Lukaku’s agent, told La Repubblica: “Given the figures of the transfer, no one could have expected such a situation. I'm not the one to discuss technical choices, but it is obvious that there was a problem. The numbers, however, must be weighted. He is the best scorer of the team this season, even with a lower playing time compared to his team-mates." Lukaku appeared unhappy with the comments, and on Instagram said: "Never ever will I let someone speak for me. I kept my mouth shut and focused on helping the team end the season in the best way possible. So if someone [is] out there trying to say something about me and the club... not in my name." Lukaku has struggled since rejoining Chelsea in a £97.5million transfer from Inter Milan in the summer. He has scored just 15 goals in 42 games in all competitions, including eight in 25 Premier League appearances. He will hope to add to his tally for the Blues in their final two games this season, at home to Leicester City and Watford.