Liverpool have been dealt a transfer blow after midfield target Aurelien Tchouameni admitted he would like to play in the Champions League with AS Monaco. Tchouameni has poured cold water on transfer talk and aimed his full focus on the remainder of the season. According to Fabrizio Romano, Liverpool are ready to make their move for the 22-year-old midfielder this summer. But the Reds face fierce competition across Europe, with Real Madrid, Chelsea and Manchester United also heavily credited with an interest. Tchouameni's stock has skyrocketed in recent seasons, and he has quickly flourished into one of the world's most exciting midfield prospects. Already a fully-fledged France international, he boasts high energy and ball-winning abilities that put him in superb stead to improve Jurgen Klopp's ever-developing side. But Klopp, and other suitors, may have to wait until beyond the summer transfer window to lure him from Monaco as Tchouameni recently stressed that he has a contract with the Ligue 1 outfit until 2025. And while many things can occur in a transfer window, he wants to represent them in the Champions League after narrowly missing out this season. JUST IN: Man City star Jack Grealish called out for not 'fighting' hard enough He said: "I have a contract until 2024, with an option until 2025. We will see what the future holds for me. A lot of things can happen in the transfer window. There is my case and that of the other players, some of whom are at the end of their contracts and have other desires elsewhere. The most important thing is the Lille match, not what will happen after. "Later, when everyone goes on holiday, we will see who will be here when everything resumes. Why not stay in the Champions League? Being eliminated by Shakhtar Donetsk in the preliminary round this season stuck in my throat. Playing in the Champions League with Monaco is not something that would displease me." READ MORE: Murray working with ex-Chelsea doctor Carneiro in bid to extend career Klopp has been building for the future in recent transfer windows through the signings of Diogo Jota, Ibrahima Konate and Luis Diaz. The improved depth of his squad has helped Liverpool challenge for an unheard-of quadruple this term, playing in every single game possible after booking their place in the Champions League final against Real Madrid. Thiago, Jordan Henderson and Fabinho are as strong a first-choice midfield trio as any, but two are in their thirties, and Klopp could be eyeing the next generation to challenge for places. Tchouameni would be a coup, given the mass interest in his signature, but whether he is ready to leave France remains to be seen. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.