NCIS returned to CBS with another thrilling episode of the procedural drama which saw the beloved team tackle an intense criminal case. After the latest episode landed on screens, fans were filled with praise for Sean Murray’s daughter Cay Ryan Murray who guest-starred in the instalment.  In the most recent episode titled “The Brat Pack” viewers were able to see how Sean and Cay’s relationship as father and daughter translated on the screen. While he stuck to his role as a Special Agent on the force, Cay played Teagan Fields, a troubled teenager. During the episode, the squad were investigating some mischievous teenagers who were responsible for a number of break-ins at a marine base. This included Teagan as it was soon revealed, one of the other hooligans was robbing to impress her. READ MORE: Grace and Frankie: Jane and Lily’s next project confirmed The teenagers led by Noah (Daniel DiMaggio) had been breaking into servicemen's homes after they had left to occupy the space and throw parties. After being taken in for questioning he shared the reason for their crimes was because children had it hard living in the base. This was the same for Teagan, who revealed she had felt unloved by her parents as she was bounced from one military base to another, with her mother who was serving abroad. Eventually, fans watched in awe as McGee (Sean Murray) and Teagan shared a scene, as a military kid himself he was able to get her to admit to hacking into the base.  Viewers took to social media, to flood the actress with praise for her appearance on the series. @WesleyCoughlan wrote: “It was awesome to see [Sean Murray] & his daughter Cay Ryan Murray on screen together in this episode.” @SQBennet agreed: “Great episode with the Sean Murray’s daughter, fantastic job!!” Another fan @Sylvissister added: “[Sean Murray] Fantastic work tonight with your daughter. She hit every mark. Thank you for a great episode.”  DON'T MISS...NCIS LA Devin and Fatima in life-threatening explosion [INSIGHT]NCIS: Who is Sean Murray's daughter Cay Ryan Murray? [INSIGHT]Why won’t Linda Hunt return to NCIS LA this season? [INSIGHT] @elongatedbean shared: “That was such a great episode! Sean Murray’s daughter, Cay Ryan Murray, gave a great performance!” While @Jackhime shared his wish: “I hope they bring her back and this a great episode.“ @BanksKelli remarked: “Awww!!! What a sweet moment between father and daughter.” Sean was the first to proudly announce his daughter Cay would star alongside him, with a touching Instagram post.  Alongside a photo of them together, he wrote: “I am pleased to introduce my daughter, Cay Ryan Murray, into the on-screen world of NCIS! “Cay guest stars in our upcoming May 2 episode and I couldn't be more proud.” With fans asking for more of the young actress, viewers will have to stay tuned to see if she will return to the screen. However, this may take some time as NCIS will be going on a two-week hiatus and is expected to return on Monday, May 16. NCIS season 19 is available on CBS in the US and on Disney Plus in the UK. 