As the summer transfer window creeps closer, Manchester United continue to be linked with Juventus striker Paulo Dybala. The Argentina international has decided to leave the Serie A giants behind after seven years with the Old Lady. And, if he does end up moving to Old Trafford, it will come three years after United agreed to sign him in a swap deal. Back in 2019, United were planning for a brighter future with Ole Gunnar Solskjaer at the helm. Having finished outside of the Champions League qualifying positions, the Red Devils wanted to make a splash. And, late in the window, they probed signing Dybala as part of a swap deal that would see Juventus take Romelu Lukaku as part of the arrangement. Lukaku had been deemed surplus to requirements by Solskjaer, who had replaced Jose Mourinho mere months previously. And Sky in Italy even went as far to say United and Juventus ‘agreed’ a deal. While that was the case, though, Juventus then tried to get Dybala to join the Red Devils. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings And that didn’t work, with the Argentina international choosing to turn United down in favour of staying in Turin. That meant the Red Devils wouldn’t replace Lukaku until the January transfer window, having relied on Marcus Rashford and Anthony Martial for goals at the start of the 2019/2020 season. Erling Haaland was their chosen target that year, with Solskjaer eager for a reunion with the Norway international at the time. But United ended up missing out, with the striker choosing to move to Germany with Borussia Dortmund instead. In the end, United settled for the arrival of Odion Ighalo on loan from Chinese Super League side Shanghai Shenhua. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag And though the Nigeria international didn’t set the world alight, he still scored a respectable five times for his boyhood club. Dybala later elaborated on his decision to reject United and stay at Juventus, saying: “It wasn’t an easy summer. “Hearing your name linked to every team and every place, where you don’t want to go, isn’t a nice thing. “But this is football, even if before the transfer window opened I said: ‘I want to stay here’. “I think it was more important to let [my performances on] the pitch do the talking, even if until the last day no one knew what would happen. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “I wanted to stay, I wanted to play here and continue my career at Juve. I think I can still give a lot and I showed a glimpse of that against Inter. “I feel less weight on my shoulders and am very calm mentally. I was convinced that with Sarri, I’d start to have fun, work and prove what I’m worth. “And that’s what I’m trying to do. Sarri and [Max] Allegri have different ways of playing, and it shows.” Now, though, United could be about to finally land their man. Dybala is set to be a free agent and it’s been claimed Erik ten Hag is keen on taking the striker to the Premier League. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here With Darwin Nunez wanting to join a Champions League team, United may end up looking elsewhere. And Dybala would be a good alternative, even though he’s not always been consistent throughout his time at Juventus. What could bode well is that the forward previously played with Cristiano Ronaldo in Turin. And the prospect of reuniting with the 37-year-old, who has scored 24 goals across all competitions this term, could hold some appeal.