Professional choreographer Arlene Phillips formed part of the original judging panel of the BBC competition Strictly Come Daning from 2004 to 2008. She has recently opened up about the moment she found out she was no longer a judge on the show and admitted "hanging on" to the possibility of there being five judges. When first appearing on the show, Arlene sat alongside judges Craig Revel Horwood, Bruno Tonioli and Len Goodman. However, after the fourth series in 2008, it was announced that Arlene had been replaced by former Strictly winner Alesha Dixon. Despite opening up about the incident before, Arlene has recently admitted that she found the process difficult to deal with. "I gave myself 48 hours to kick, scream, cry and sob, and eat scones with cream and jam, then I made myself wake up and get on with it. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Amelia Spencer's cause of death rumbled "I was very fragile because I had a bereavement the day before, and I wanted to know in detail. "I wanted to know the real reason at the point when they decided for me to go, yet they kept me hanging on for so long with the possibility that there would be five judges," she told The Mirror. Express.co.uk has contacted the BBC for a comment. The former BBC judge also admitted she didn't ask the right questions when she found out the news and needed more time to reflect. Arlene revealed she still isn't sure about why she was replaced but has since gone on to star in other dancing programmes such as a So You Think You Can Dance?. She has also appeared as a contestant on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here!'s 2021 series and was a guest judge alongside former Strictly professional Oti Mabuse. Reminiscing about her time working with Oti, Arlene touched on a moment between the pair where she cheekily shouted at the professional dancer. They recently worked on The Cher Show together on the West End, where she revealed: "I did have to shout at her [Oti] one day because of her craziness!" DON'T MISS...Strictly’s Dianne Buswell on ‘life-changing’ Freeze The Fear stint [INSIGHT]AJ Odudu talks former Strictly partner Kai Widdrington's new romance [LATEST]Gethin Jones breaks silence on Strictly: It Takes Two absence [WATCH] "She was miming to Cher, and we had to get on with the work, and I had to say, 'OK now, enough Oti! You can be Cher another time, but right now, you need to get back to work.' "I was quite bossy with her [but] it's so easy working with Oti," she praised. The BBC dance competition has recently seen a huge change when it comes to the judging panel and professional dancers as the latest series with see a big shake-up. Earlier this year, Oti announced that she would no longer be a part of the show and admitted that at the time, it was "never easy to say goodbye". "I have been part of the most amazing TV show, Strictly Come Dancing, for the past seven years, and it has been an incredible time," she added. Back in March, dancer Aljaz Skorjanec also revealed he was taking a step away from the show and explained: "A little while ago, I made the tough decision that Strictly 2021 would be my last. "The show has given me an opportunity and freedom to create and express myself in front of millions of people every weekend for the last 9 years." Judge Bruno Tonioli recently quit the series after coronavirus restrictions caused issues, leaving Anton Du Beke to step in and take his place on the panel. Strictly Come Dancing returns Autumn 2022.