Erik ten Hag reportedly does not want Mike Phelan in the Manchester United dugout next season. Phelan has been a trusted advisor to Sir Alex Ferguson, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick but will not be visible on matchdays next season, with Ten Hag set to reshuffle the club’s coaching staff.    There has been a lot of movement at United over the past season, with Solskjaer’s staff disbanded when the Norwegian was sacked and replaced by interim boss Rangnick in November. Michael Carrick and Kieran McKenna were among those to move on, with Rangnick bringing in his own trusted staff. Rangnick hired first-team coaches Chris Armas and Ewan Sharp and psychologist Sascha Lense, but they will now all leave Old Trafford following the conclusion of the season. The Daily Mail reports that Phelan will also step away from matchday activities, although the 59-year-old may still continue to be associated with the club in some capacity. Phelan played for United between 1989 and 1994 as a midfielder under Ferguson’s management. After starting a coaching career, he later returned to United to work with the reserves before joining Ferguson’s staff as an assistant coach for five years. JUST IN: Pogba could make amends after ignoring past Man Utd transfer advice  Phelan went on to work at Norwich, Hull City and Central Coast Mariners in Australia before returning to Old Trafford to work with Solskjaer in 2019. He was retained by Rangnick with The Athletic reporting that, after initially being sidelined, the German came to trust and value his contributions. United are understood to still be in discussions with Phelan about his future at the club, but he will not be part of Ten Hag’s closest circle. The club have already confirmed that Mitchell van der Gaag and Steve McClaren will be Ten Hag’s assistants and the Daily Mail report that another new first-team coach could also join over the summer. DON'T MISS Ferdinand loved Ten Hag's four-word statement at his Man Utd unveiling Man Utd can kill two birds with one stone with Erik ten Hag signing Erik ten Hag explains plan for under-fire Man Utd stars to 'learn'  Ten Hag worked with Van der Gaag at Ajax last year after he had spent the previous two years working with the Amsterdam club’s reserve side. McClaren worked with Ten Hag during his spell in charge at FC Twente in the Netherlands and has previously worked at United as Ferguson’s assistant. While Ten Hag is set to overhaul the majority of the coaching staff, goalkeeping coach Richard Hartis and set-piece specialist Eric Ramsay are reportedly set to keep their positions. Darren Fletcher, who was often seen on the sidelines with Rangnick and his staff, is expected to focus more on off-the-field duties, given his job title as technical director. 