Vladimir Putin's war plan far has been branded a disaster by many - including some of his own allies - over a failure of his troops to take full control of several Ukrainian cities they had intended to occupy. Russian troops have been forced backwards by spirited Ukrainian fighters, meaning Putin has had to come up with alternative tactics in a desperate attempt to regain some momentum. Now the UK Ministry of Defence (MoD) has revealed Russia has deployed Chechen forces, including "several thousand fighters primarily concentrated in the Mariupol and Luhansk sectors". This move shows "Russia's "significant resourcing problems in Ukraine and is likely contributing to a disunited command which continues to hamper Russia’s operations". The MoD said in its latest intelligence update posted on Twitter: "In attempting to overcome Ukrainian resistance, Russia has made significant use of auxiliary personnel. "This includes a deployment of Chechen forces, likely consisting of several thousand fighters primarily concentrated in the Mariupol and Luhansk sectors. "These forces likely consist of both individual volunteers and National Guard units, which are routinely dedicated to securing the rule of Chechen Republic Head, Ramazan Kadyrov. "Kadyrov likely maintains close personal oversight of the deployment, while his cousin Adam Delimkhanov has likely acted as the Chechen field commander in Mariupol. "The combat deployment of such disparate personnel demonstrates Russia's significant resourcing problems in Ukraine and is likely contributing to a disunited command which continues to hamper Russia’s operations." The MoD also illustrated the struggles Russian troops have had in gaining full control of Mariupol after 10 weeks of failed efforts, adding this would have contributed to significant personnel losses of Russian forces. The intelligence update said: "Despite Russian forces having encircled Mariupol for over 10 weeks, staunch Ukrainian resistance delayed Russia’s ability to gain full control over the city. READ MORE: Coveney issues warning to Truss over international law on hated deal "This frustrated its early attempts to capture a key city and inflicted costly personnel losses amongst Russian forces." But concerns have grown for the welfare of more than 250 Ukrainian fighters who surrendered to Russian forces at the Azovstal steelworks in Mariupol after several weeks of spirited resistance. Russia said some 256 opposition fighters had "laid down their arms and surrendered", including 51 severely wounded, while Ukraine said 264 soldiers, including 53 wounded, had left. The surrender has enabled Putin to claim a rare victory in his faltering war campaign. DON'T MISSPanicked Putin's puppet warns invasion of Eastern Ukraine has 'failed' [COMMENTS]EU humiliated as Orban stands firm on Russia oil ban after demanding [LATEST]Sturgeon's bizarre NATO ambitions torn apart by expert [OPINION] Buses left the steelworks on Monday night in a convoy escorted by Russian armoured vehicles. Five vehicles arrived in the Russian-controlled town of Novoazovsk, where Moscow said wounded fighters would be treated. Ukrainian fighters were also reportedly taken in buses to the newly-opened prison in the Russian-held town of Olenivka near Donetsk. Russian defence ministry footage showed some fighters left the steelworks whilst being carried on stretchers, while others with hands up to be searched by Russian troops.