The first semi-final of the Eurovision Song Contest 2022 kicked off on Tuesday evening, with the first 17 countries competing for their chance to make it to the final round. Latvia was second onto the stage with six-piece band Citi Zeni performing their hit single Eat Your Salad. However, after their performance, Rylan was forced to apologise for some of the strong language they used in their lyrics. Before Ceti Zeni took to the stage, Rylan explained: "I do need to warn you many of the acts tonight include flashing lights, including this next one, who has been controversial. "The song has an environmental message, it sounds wholesome enough, but concert organisers have made them change some of the more risque lyrics in the track. "The band asked Greta Thunberg to star in the video because it is about being environmentally friendly and eating your veggies, but sadly she couldn't make it that day." As Citi Zeni took to the stage, the crowd went wild for their eccentric performance and were on their feet dancing. READ MORE: Colin Murray to replace Anne Robinson on Countdown in temporary role After their performance ended, Rylan apologised: "Well, Latvia, we should apologise for any strong language, Citi Zeni eating." Viewers of the show took to Twitter to express their love for the group, with many praising the group. User @thefoxies18 commented: "I think Latvia smashed it for 99.9%!" @Lisay_lmf added: "Latvia's entry is the level of Eurovision ridiculous I'm all about!" @PalomaPreitoV praised: "Great colourful costumes and vibes from Latvia - it’s a Yes #Eurovision #Eurovision2022." "I love this song and performance, so hopefully, the juries will be nice," @jackgwilliams said. Karen Cousins laughed: "#Eurovision2022 Latvia were brilliant - such a catchy tune and loved the suits!!" 2000 was the first time Latvia debuted in the Eurovision Song Contest, and has participated for the past 21 years. DON'T MISS...What time is the Eurovision Final 2022? [INSIGHT]Eurovision Semi Final LIVE: Ukraine on road to victory - but UK cou... [LATEST]Sweden Eurovision 2022 song: Who are Cornelia Jakobs’s famous family? [MORE] They have only won once, which was in 2002 after they performed the song I Wanna by Marie N. Citi Zeni was formed in 2020 and are the self-proclaimed "Princes of Rap" and "Diva's of 21st Century Pop", performing energetic styles with cheeky song lyrics. Their music is a mixture of R&B, groove, jazz and even Neo-soul that end up being covered by satire, fun and originality. The band has described themselves as people who are not afraid of taking on different adventures but need to do it while being "sexy and green". They previously said the song was created "to make a hard topic easy to digest and fun to listen to". Some of the lyrics that translate to English read: "Instead of meat I eat veggies and…I like them both fresh, like them both juicy. "I ride my bicycle to work instead of a car, all of my groceries are divided by weight and stored in glass jars (Yeah). "Got my reusable bag, that swag, my flex, my flag, zero waste, that is my jam, save fuel and sell your truck, the karma comes for free, and so does luck. "All aboard the green Titanic, let‘s sail the world and then cruise the Atlantic, no ice in the way, no need to panic, all the signs are there, let‘s go organic." Eurovision Song Contest continues Thursday from 8pm on BBC Three.