Antonio Conte could not resist a playful dig at Tottenham chief Daniel Levy as the transfer window fast approaches. While Spurs can still finish in the top four, it has been a tough season for the club. Conte jokingly admitted that he was preparing a very big list for Levy to sink his teeth into over the summer. The Italian has been desperate to overhaul the squad since arriving earlier in the season. There have been times when it looked like the relationship between the chairman and manager might be strained with Levy customarily reluctant to get the chequebook out. Conte, on the other hand, has left jobs in the past if he does not feel that he is on the right page with his bosses. But the former Inter Milan manager was in high spirits when asked about his transfer plans this summer, though reiterating the lack of players his squad will have at the end of the season. When asked if he had given any thoughts on arrivals yet, Conte said: "No, no, we are totally focused on this season. "Always because I repeat we are finishing this season with only 15 players. So it's not convenient right now to give them a list because it would be a very very very big list." Tottenham remain in the race for the top four while they currently trail Arsenal by two points with four games to go. The two north London sides are set to meet next week in what will be a crucial clash for both sides. But before that, Spurs take on Liverpool who are still buzzing from their Champions League success on reaching the final after beating Villarreal in the final. With the Reds still in the hunt for the Premier League title, Conte has told his players to be brave at Anfield this Saturday night. "For sure, we know that in this moment Liverpool are in really good form," said Spurs boss Antonio Conte. "I have watched the game against Villarreal and it was incredible the calm that the team showed in a difficult situation. They were 2-0 down and the atmosphere was very difficult. They are one of the best teams in the world with Manchester City. "We've prepared for the game very well. We need to be very good without the ball, to be good defensively, but if we want to win, we have to be very good with the ball. I said this to my players. We need to play a good game, not be scared of the pressure."