David Beckham blanked Martin Brundle during the F1 host's chaotic grid walk ahead of the Miami Grand Prix. Brundle attempted to grab the ex-England international for a quick word but Beckham walked away after his name was called. "That's the second time he's blanked me," Brundle said as he turned to the camera. "I didn't get a free-kick in that one." Beckham did return after taking a look at a Red Bull car, which was parked static on the grid. Brundle asked the 47-year-old about Miami hosting it's first ever F1 Grand Prix. "It's amazing, it's what Miami does best," Beckham replied. "It's a sporting town and an entertainment town. I think today is incredible and it's going to be amazing." When pressed on who he thought would win the race, the former Manchester United midfielder sat on the fence, saying: "We will see."   Beckham resides in Miami and owns local MLS football team Inter Miami, which is managed by Phil Neville. The superstar attended the race as a guest of Red Bull but Beckham was not the only celebrity to snub Sky Sports' presenter. Serena Williams also waltzed down the grid lane and was in no mood to convey her thoughts, while a number of others followed suit. The most amusing moment of the lot was Brundle mistaking interviewing basketball star Paolo Banchero, who is expected to be the No 1 pick the upcoming NBA draft, for NFL star Patrick Mahomes. Banchero was super polite with Brundle and gave him a full interview before tweeting: "I'm just vibing right now man."   And Mahomes himself reacted by adding: "Bro ain’t no way (four laughing emojis)." Piers Morgan reacted to the iconic grid walk by tweeting: "Martin Brundle’s F1 grid walk in Miami, where he doesn’t know who anyone is, is incredibly awkward and hysterically funny." Meanwhile, fans were raving about Brundle's efforts to grab celebs on the grid, which kept them thoroughly entertained ahead of the main event and he began to trend No 1 on Twitter.   One fan tweeted: "I have no idea who Patrick Mahomes is either. @MBrundleF1 your grid walk was brilliant." Another said: "That Martin Brundle pit walk was one of the best ever." And a third added: "Watching Martin Brundle on the grid made my day #F1Miami." 