Barcelona star Ronald Araujo had to be taken off the Nou Camp pitch in an ambulance after a horrifying clash with team-mate Gavi. Barcelona were 3-1 up against Celta Vigo when Araujo and Gavi clashed heads after going up for the same ball.  Gavi appeared to come off worse initially as the midfielder fell to the ground clutching his head. Araujo ran off after the incident, but then collapsed to the turf with medics rushing to his aid. An ambulance was soon on the pitch as the paramedics took care in handling Araujo. The defender was eventually put in a stretcher with fans inside the Nou Camp giving a sympathetic round of applause as he was wheeled into the ambulance. Despite appearing to come off worse initially, Gavi was given the all-clear to continue playing. Barcelona later confirmed that Araujo had suffered a concussion from his collision with Gavi.  They tweeted: "Ronal Araujo has suffered a concussion and has been taken to the hospital to undergo further testing." Barcelona have already secured Champions League football for next season with Xavi looking to end the season on a high. Goals from Memphis Depay and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang gave Barcelona a two-goal lead heading into the break.   And the former Arsenal striker put Barcelona 3-0 up shortly after the restart. Iago Aspas then pulled one back for the visitors but any chance of a fightback was ruined when Jeison Murillo was shown a straight red card for a challenge on Depay. The incident involving Gavi and Araujo came just minutes after Murillo's red card with the game paused for several minutes. The 23-year-old joined Barcelona in 2018 where he initially struggled to breakthrough to the first team. Araujo began making an impact last season under Ronald Koeman, establishing himself as a regular at the back. He also went on to earn his call up to Uruguay's senior squad and is now a favourite to be in the team for the 2022 World Cup. Araujo has continued to remain a key part of Barcelona's starting line-up under Xavi and the defender recently put to bed any speculation over his future after penning a new long-term contract. The new deal is also said to include a buy-out clause worth an eye-watering £841.2million (€1billion). 