Meghan Markle is reported to be considering a bid to run for US President in the future. Meghan has made a number of interventions into American politics since stepping back from royal duties in 2020 with the Duchess of Sussex having lobbied US politicians for changes to parental leave and climate policy. President Joe Biden's sister has sparked further interest in Meghan's political ambitions from US commentators after telling ITV's Good Morning Britain that the Duchess could go all the way to the White House. US political pundit Megyn Kelly told Sky News Australia: "Good Morning Britain interviewed the sister of Joe Biden...apparently, she's got a book out and she's predicting that Meghan Markle will run for president that she actually could win on the Democratic ticket. "The reports following up to say as early as 2028 that Meghan unconfirmed, has been hobnobbing with top Democrats, mulling it over. "Now, we know she's been hobnobbing with top Democrats because we see her on camera with [George] Clooney and Oprah [Winfrey] and Gayle [King]. "But whether she has political ambitions or not, I don't know what I can tell you we are crazy over here, we're not that crazy."    It comes after President Biden’s sister Valerie Biden Owens was asked on Good Morning Britain whether Meghan would "make a good potential candidate one day maybe for president." Ms Owens replied: "Yes, of course, she will." She added: "The more women we have, the better our democratic system will work - a better point of view, a different point of view. "We embrace all women and we welcome her to come in and join the Democratic party."  Meanwhile, a US historian, writing for the Spectator, has suggested the US Democratic Party could turn to a "starry, glamorous figure" to run on the Democrat ticket in 2028. Alexander Larman wrote: “[Valerie Biden] Owens is not alone in thinking that the Duchess would have an excellent chance of winning the nomination, and perhaps even the presidency.” He argued Meghan could “become the Democratic version of Trump" if the Duchess decided to run for the office. "Only a fool would bet against her," he noted. DON'T MISS Kate all smiles as she meets 10-month-old Saul on school visit [INSIGHT] Meghan's 'money spinner' plans for cancelled Netflix show exposed [REPORT]'Cringe de la cringe' Harry mocked for wearing ‘girl dad’ T-shirt [REVEAL] Mr Larman continued: “Should Meghan become the Democratic version of Trump – a high-profile, divisive figure with enormous newsworthiness, for good or ill – then only a fool would bet against her [and her cavaliere servant Prince Harry] taking up residence in 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue before the decade is out.” The author and journalist  went on to suggest Ms Biden Owens's interview on GMB "might be seen as a formal overture to Meghan from the Democratic party establishment." Mr Larman also listed the ways in which the Duchess has already involved herself in the world of politics. He refers to Meghan’s involvement in what he refers to as “various soft-political campaigns” including writing an open letter to US congressional leaders to advocate for paid leave for all parents.