Following this week’s huge financial package of help for families with their energy bills, partly funded by a new tax on the extraordinary profits being made by oil and gas producers, he is taking flak from all sides.  Labour frontbenchers claim it is they who forced him to change course and provide households with more funds bankrolled by a windfall tax on the energy sector and say he has run out of ideas. Some Tory backbenchers are meanwhile muttering about Sunak’s approach to the cost-of-living crisis being fundamentally “unconservative” and clamouring for spending cuts. Given the extent of state expenditure that took place during the Covid pandemic, it is unsurprising that a Thatcherite tendency is pushing for the money taps to be turned off. Yet the truth is that Sunak has every chance of being vindicated in due course over his decision to give a £400 energy grant to every household and even bigger sums to those on low incomes. It would, of course, have been better had the Chancellor’s Spring financial statement in March met the scale of the cost-of-living crunch facing millions of families. But given that it didn’t and amid terrifying forecasts about the number of people facing fuel poverty, it is far better that he has corrected course early. Those berating him for having spent £400billion on the Covid crisis, should reflect on what that strategy achieved. The economy bounced back to its pre-pandemic size within two years of Covid hitting, compared to the six years it took after the financial crash when austerity was deployed in response. And during Covid there was no lurch into mass unemployment, no long-term “scarring” impact on young workers and no massive wave of bankruptcies. Policies such as the furlough scheme ensured people had sufficient money in their pockets to stave off an economic cardiac arrest. Now a combination of supply chain glitches as most economies re-open simultaneously, China locking down hard in pursuit of zero Covid and Russia’s invasion of Ukraine has delivered an inflationary shock in essential commodities such as oil and food.  This leaves Sunak with a tightrope to walk. He cannot simply pile all the cost of supporting families on the national credit card given the weakened state of public finances. But to abandon people to their own devices would not only inflict huge suffering – especially on those on low incomes – and rip at the social fabric but would also risk an unnecessary economic depression caused by a deficiency of demand. So he is putting money in people’s pockets but seeking to fund much of that through taxing those best able to afford it – higher earners and the energy sector in particular. Even though this means that taxation as a share of the overall economy will for a time hit levels not seen for decades, Sunak’s critics are quite wrong to depict this as “unconservative”. Tory administrations have often pragmatically raised state spending during national crises and going back to the 19th century, the Liberal William Gladstone was more parsimonious with the public purse than was the Tory Benjamin Disraeli. It was only in the particular circumstances of the Thatcher era that the idea of the Tories as a shrink-the-state party had much substance. Back then inflation also had to be tamed but it was primarily being caused by unaffordable pay settlements. This time round the cause of runaway prices is quite different.  Sunak is taking a calculated risk that most of the inflationary spike will be short-lived. If he is right, then as with the Covid crisis, he can hope to steer Britain through these perilous financial waters while keeping the productive potential of the economy largely intact, ready to take advantage of better times ahead. Even given the extra £15billion of support Sunak unveiled on Thursday, most of us still face having to tighten our belts considerably, such is the scale of gas and electricity price rises. But at least the blow will be sufficiently cushioned to make budgeting for it at a household level a bit more realistic. Sunak continues to insist that at heart he is a Chancellor who passionately wants to cut taxes so that people can keep more of their own money. Though the patience of wealth-creators is understandably wearing thin, sticking by him is the least worst option in these difficult and tumultuous times. 