During the latest episode of Antiques Roadshow, BBC host Fiona Bruce took viewers to Ulster Folk Museum near Belfast. The experts were inundated with antiques to be valued which included a rare set of dolls, an early Louis Vuitton trunk, and an unusual black opal. However, it was a stuffed toy of Paddington Bear which caught the attention of expert Mark Hill. As the expert asked the guest where he got the bear from, he made a surprising admission about how Jeremy Clarkson's mum made it. "All the way from darkest Peru to Belfast via Paddington, Of course, he needs no introduction, he is Paddington Bear," the expert began. "So what does he mean and how does he fit in the journey of your life?" He explained to Mark, one of his dearest friends had bought the item from a charity shop years ago and he'd always been fond of it. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Ethan Anderson to leave village as he's sacked He said: "I've always been a fan of bears, I've got bears dressed up in rugby costumes and all sorts. "It's part of the family you know, he sits in my office, watches over me, making sure my typing is in order." "I have no vision at all," the guest continued. "So I can't see what's going on, but you can feel that presence through the eyes beaming into you. "Paddington looks down and god knows what he thinks sometimes." Detailing where the bear came from, Mark told the guest: "So what have we got here? "Well, we've actually got what is one of the first licenced Paddington products so this version was designed by a lady called Shirley Clarkson for her company Gabrielle designs. "The very first model she made was actually made for her children in about 1971 as a Christmas present. "And their children, interestingly, are Joanna and Jeremy Clarkson." DON'T MISS...All Creatures Great and Small's Helen talks relationship with Jenny [CAST]Death in Paradise star 'cried' after getting rejected from role [INSIGHT]Amanda Owen's co-star pays tribute to Yorkshire Shepherdess [NEWS] "And of course, we know Jeremy Clarkson," Mark continued as the guest nodded in agreement. "Today, his interest in motoring and motor cars, but back to Paddington. "So we have an early 1970s version here. How do I know he's early? "Because if we pick him up and take him back and look at the boots we see thereby Dunlop and Dunlop supplied the boots for the very first versions of this fair." "Quite a few were made," the expert admitted before he drew his attention to the value of the bear. "These were very popular in their day and lots of people wanted a Paddington of their own. "What would a collector pay for this or a Paddington lover pay for this today? "Probably somewhere between sort of £50 and £70 in this condition." Antiques Roadshow airs on Sunday at 8pm on BBC One.