Laura Hamilton, 40, is best known for helping clients find their perfect property in sunny locations. However she has now posted on Instagram to announce she'll be taking a break from the enormously popular Channel 4 show A Place in the Sun and joining ITV. Laura has shared behind the scenes snaps from filming on the show, fronted by Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby. "Excited to be filming something new over the next few weeks and joining @thismorning," she captioned her slides. She has been releasing cryptic clues on her page alongside sneak peeks of where she is. One photo depicted her in boots and overalls walking in front of a farm building. READ NOW: Sir David Jason hints Only Fools and Horses would be cancelled today Meanwhile another snap showed her standing beside a donkey, while she joked: "Just a couple of asses! First day filming with This Morning." Finally, she added: "So excited to be part of the team." The snap was also posted by an Instagram account called @my_farmcottage, which brands itself as a company "growing the newest hop varieties for the brewing industry". It also advertises "luxury holiday home rental" - and according to the account's latest post, ITV had just been filming there with Laura. "Lovely to meet you, thank you for making our day so special xx" the account commented on Laura's page. @nickmason669 wrote underneath: "Hope you enjoyed yourself in the shire and sampled some of the local ciders? It’s the place I get to call home. #herefordshire." @stevedesson dubbed Laura "the new Holly Willoughby", as followers commented on the similarities between the pair. The TV star has presented A Place in the Sun for over a decade, and had become a popular favourite among viewers. DON'T MISS... Demi Rose sets pulses racing as she flashes bottom [PHOTOS] Only Fools and Horses David Jason in rare sighting at Clarkson's Farm [UPDATE] Jenny Ryan issues apology as she's forced to pull out of show [LATEST]  However there are clearly big changes in the mix for the star, who recently also announced that she had split from husband Alex Goward after 13 years. The pair have two children together - eight-year-old son Rocco and six-year-old daughter Tahlia. Although Laura was beaming happily in the photos on Instagram, in the last 24 hours she suffered a new personal tragedy - the death of her grandmother. "From the stories you shared of memories long ago, to jumping the waves in Florida and holding my hand in the snow...," she began nostalgically in her tribute post on Instagram. "The role play you entertained me with when I was a little girl, playing shops and hairdressers, a time I remember well. "Nan, I am grateful for the times we shared over the last 40 years. "Now you are in a better place to erase away all those fears." Delivering a poignant piece of poetry, she continued to write: "As I stroked your arm and tickled your hand, I cried many a tear as you left for a far away land." Finally, she concluded: "Now you are at peace Nan. I Love you Laura xxx"