Rudi – who was only born last year – is still learning to live without his sight after a “difficult start in life”, according to Blind Dog Rescue UK (BDRUK). Now in a foster home in South Yorkshire, the youngster’s other senses have become “remarkable” and he is able to walk on a lead, according to his foster mum. A BDRUK trustee told Express.co.uk that they believed Rudi to be a cross between a Labrador, a terrier and a border collie, but admitted it was “always hard to tell unfortunately”. The dogs the charity takes in are rescues from around the world, and it says have usually been victims of abuse, neglect, disease or trauma. Rudi lost both his eyes before coming to the UK. Despite his difficult start in life, Rudi has all the boisterousness of a young pup, and has the typical clumsiness in a slightly greater quantity. READ MORE: 'Adorable' dog with extra long tongue struggles to find home His current foster mum said that “you would never know that [he had a rough start in life]. “He was happy, confident and oh so loving.” As such, BDRUK says that any family wanting to adopt him would need to provide close supervision while he learns his way around. He is a fan of the outdoors, and loves a good garden to run around in. Rudi’s foster mum has been caring for him for “several months”, and described him as an “absolute pleasure”. She added: “Rudi has a favourite place to nap – in your arms or on your lap – and he gives the best cuddles. “He sleeps all night quietly in his crate with fluffy blankets to snuggle into. “He can play with dogs of all sizes, he has lots of energy to burn so would benefit from another playful friend and plenty of exercise. DON'T MISSEnergy: ‘overlooked solution’ could end Europe's reliance on Russia [INSIGHT] Monkeypox outbreak: Virus has single origin and may be ‘hypermutated’ [REPORT] Energy crisis lifeline as UK company vows to slash £550 off price cap [REVEAL] “Rudi loves everyone, everything, and life.” After losing his vision, Rudi “needed to learn how to map his way around the house and garden”. However, it “didn't take long” before he was running with the rest of their pack, which contains dogs of various sizes. His foster mum commented: “Because Rudi has no sight, his other senses have taken over; his hearing and smell are remarkable, and his recall is some of the best I've seen. “He has learnt to walk on a lead (his sensitive nose means he can be a trip hazard at times) and he loves a free run in a secure paddock. “Rudi's favourite times of the day are breakfast and dinner, he will eat all his meals happily in his crate.” She added: “He deserves the best home and [a] family who will give him the love and attention he deserves.” Any adopter would “get so much in return” watching him “continue to grow and flourish”, his carer said. For more information about Rudi, visit BDRUK’s website here