The grand final of Eurovision 2022, set in the Pala Olimpico in Italy is tonight at 8pm. One of the countries competing to win the competition this year is the Netherlands who qualified during the first semi-final on Tuesday. The country is represented by a star called S10. The artist, whose real name is Stien den Hollander, is only 21 and has six years of professional singing and songwriting experience. What people might not know about her is that she was diagnosed with bipolar disorder, a condition characterised by episodes of “depression” and “mania” – feeling very high and overactive. The lyrics of many of her songs are often about her mental health struggles and tonight she is expected to sing her song De diepte, which is about her own issues. This is the first song to be sung in the Eurovision Song Contest in only Dutch in 12 years.  Talking about her entry into the contest on Eurovision.tv, she said: “It’s a tribute to the sadness and memories that you carry with you. “Everyone experiences difficult times in their lives. “That’s something we all have in common and I hope you will feel less alone when you listen to the song.” According to the charity Bipolar UK, 1.3 million people in the UK have bipolar or roughly one in fifty people.  De Diepte translated to 'The Depth' and is about the depression experienced after a tough break-up. She explained how she wanted listeners to feel like "they are not alone" and can overcome mental health issues. The depressive and manic sides of Bipolar disorder have many different symptoms. During the period of depression, people with it may experience feelings of guilt and despair, self-doubt, and have difficulty concentrating and remembering things, explains the NHS.  The manic phase, however, may include "feeling very happy, elated or overjoyed", explains the NHS. It may also include feeling full of energy, having hallucinations, or thinking illogically. Other celebrities who suffer from the condition include Stephen Fry and Robbie Williams.  In the UK, Lithium is the main treatment for the condition. Doctors don't know exactly why lithium works but studies show that it seems to reduce the function of dopamine and glutamate in the brain. It is often used alongside antidepressants and antipsychotic drugs but is known to sometimes have side effects such as kidney damage. 