This includes a property worth £2million, a home with renovation potential and the average cost of a home in the area. Lyme Regis is set at the heart of the Jurassic Coast, with noted fossil cliffs and beaches. Residents and tourists alike can enjoy water sports, sailing, fishing or a day at the beach as well as explore the independent shops nestled a stone’s throw from the pebble peach. The town offers a great mix of pubs, shops and eateries as well as gorgeous coastline walks. In 2020, it was named as one of the best places to live in The Sunday Times’ Best Places to Live, and it is clear to see why. On the seafront, the famous Cobb, a wall of 14th century stone, wraps around a quaint fishing harbour, offering stunning views across the sea. Since it sits right on the border of Dorset and Devon, it has easy access to seaside villages of both counties. READ MORE: How to get a’ healthier’ lawn and avoid extra maintenance over summer The appeal of living in Lyme Regis has risen over the last couple of years as many escaped city living in the first lockdown. The average house price within a 20 mile radius of Lyme Regis over the last 12 months stands at £834,000, according to OnTheMarket. There are some gorgeous homes in the region, and Express.co.uk, in partnership with OnTheMarket, has found three homes for sale. This includes a home worth over £2million, a property with renovation potential and a property worth the average asking price in the region. Property: Eight bedroom detached house Location: Axminster, Devon Price: £2,100,000 Marketed by: Jackson-Stops, Bridport, via OnTheMarket DON'T MISS:Garden plants which can decrease property value by up to 15% [COMMENT]Alan Carr’s life on Kent farm where average house prices are £400k [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easiest’ way to clean washing machine drawers [EXPLAINER] This stunning Georgian family house has eight bedrooms and eight bathrooms, located within 7.5 acres of land. It comes with two holiday cottages and stunning views across the countryside. Believed to date back to 1820, the property boasts a spacious family kitchen, games room and a large reception hall. The kitchen incorporates a four oven Aga and plenty of room for a breakfast table. There are large bedrooms on the first floor, five of which have their own bathrooms, as well as a spacious family bathroom. A further two bedrooms are located on the second floor and a bathroom. Outside, there is a heated pool, detached former timber sauna and pump house. Located in the market town of Axminster, the property is close to mainline train stations, independent shops and supermarkets. Property: Three bedroom bungalow Location: Lyme Regis, Dorset Price: £525,000 Marketed by: Greenslade Taylor Hunt, Chard, via OnTheMarket This three bedroom, one bathroom property is located less than one mile away from Lyme Regis’ town centre. Believed to date back to the 1960’s, the current layout provides a wide entrance hallway, sitting room, kitchen, two double bedrooms, bathroom and separate cloakroom. The property has the benefit of planning consent to enlarge the home to create a spacious three bedroom, two bathroom chalet property. To the front of the property, the home benefits from a gravel driveway and a garage. To the rear, the garden offers residents apple trees, flowering shrubs, vegetable beds and plenty of privacy. The whole plot is believed to total just under 0.25 acres. Property: Four bedroom detached house Location: Beaminster, Dorset Price: £850,000 Marketed by: Jackson-Stops, Bridport, via OnTheMarket Dating back to the 16th century, this Grade II listed building has four bedrooms and three bathrooms. The spacious kitchen has plenty of cupboard space, unusual for a house this old. The property was extended in 2001 and alongside the kitchen is a study, dining room and a lovely sitting room with a woodturning stove. Bedrooms are located on the first floor, two with en suites. To the rear of the property is the large garden with maintained lawns, greenhouses and plenty of space for the family. A quadruple garage is also included with the property. Located in South Perrott, the village is positioned on the Somerset/Dorset border. Lyme Regis is just 15 miles away, while direct trains to London are just a five minute drive.