The President won a second term in recent elections in a run-off against arch-rival and far-right candidate Marine Le Pen. Many saw the victory as a vote against Ms Le Pen rather than a vote for Mr Macron, who during his first term in office was responsible for several decisions that led to widespread disruption and violence. With the dust of the recent election now settled, the sentiments towards the President are now once again becoming clear as the people of France prepare for another five years under the Macron regime.  The latest poll, conducted by the Odoxa Mascaret political barometer shows Mr Macron’s popularity is down 14 percent from the same period in 2017. His current popularity rating stands below half the population, with polls indicating only 44 percent of the French support the incumbent President.When Mr Macron entered the Élysée Palace in 2017, 58 percent of the people thought he would make a good President. Much of the support for Mr Macron in the recent poll came from his own supporters, with most of those going against him unsurprisingly having been loyal to right-wing politicians Ms Le Pen and Eric Zemmour.  The election of Elisabeth Borne to the office of Prime Minister has also resulted in a negative view of the appointment. Only 43 percent of the people feel she is a good PM, which although not great, is still 8 percent higher than her predecessor Jean Castex. Former Prime Minister Eduard Phillippe still remains the most popular Prime Minister during Mr Macron’s reign to date, enjoying 55 percent support from the people. Ms Borne may be paying for her record at Transport and Labour, where she piloted two of the hardest reforms of the previous quinquennium, that of the SNCF and that of the unemployment insurance. Many of Mr Macron’s senior ministers are also seen as highly unpopular, many of whom are polling below one-third of the votes, with Budget Minister Gabriel Attal seeing the lowest support of only 27 percent.  READ MORE:French reporter rages at police for ‘ruining’ Liverpool fans’ 'dream' Symptomatic of the polarisation of French political life towards the extremes, Ms Le Pen from Rassemblement National, and Jean-Luc Mélenchon of La France Insoumise, are the two opposition personalities who rank higher in the list of politicians who appear to be the most sympathetic in the eyes of the French. 40 percent support for Marine Le Pen (2nd place) compared to 29 per cent for the former senator from Essonne (6th place). But Jean-Luc Mélenchon loses six points compared to the previous score. This decline is also noticeable among left-wing and far-left voters (60 percent).He is also one of the most rejected personalities (47 percent of unfavourable opinions, 4th place), just ahead of Marine Le Pen (45 percent). Éric Zemmour leads the list of the most rejected personalities (62 percent). He is followed by Anne Hidalgo (50 percent) and Valérie Pécresse (49 percent).  DON'T MISS:Russia 'forced to accept risk' of new assault [REPORT]Erdogan outlines ‘valued project’ with Zelensky [REVEAL]British pound faces 'existential threat' as global currency [FINANCE] The people of France are due to hit the polling booths again in the next two weeks to choose members of the legislative elections. However, turnout is expected to be relatively low. Around 61 percent of voters are expected to vote, down from 72 percent in 2017. Among the categories most likely to abstain are young people aged 18 to 34 and the poorest households. This is "a handicap for Jean-Luc Mélenchon and Marine Le Pen, who outperform in these electorates," notes Emile Leclerc, Director of Research at Odoxa. *Methodology: Survey conducted online on May 24 and 25, 2022, among a sample of 1,005 French people representative of the French population aged 18 and over. Was Emmanuel Macron lucky to win a second term? Why is he seeing his popularity fall? How can he regain the trust of the French people? Let us know what you think by CLICKING HERE and joining the debate in our comments section below - Every Voice Matters! 