Tottenham boss Antonio Conte is yet to commit his future to the club beyond the summer amid links to Paris Saint-Germain, but top target Graham Potter has shown that he's capable of making the step up. Spurs have reportedly put in some contingency plans to hire a replacement for Conte ahead of next season. The Italian head coach made it clear when he arrived in north London earlier in the season that he needed to make some big changes at the club. Reports indicated that he was hoping to have a big budget heading into the January transfer window, but the club failed to bring in all the players they wanted. All focus will now be on the summer transfer window, but there's been some suggestion that Conte has already offered himself to PSG if Mauricio Pochettino leaves. The former Chelsea boss has not yet responded to the rumours, but Tottenham's contingency plan suggests they aren't all too confident of keeping their current boss. Potter is said to be top of the list of options Tottenham will consider, after being linked with the Brighton boss last summer. The 46-year-old has led Brighton to their best-ever points tally in the Premier League this season. JUST IN: Ten Hag told Man Utd have better squad than Chelsea, Arsenal and Spurs  A run of six-straight defeats in February and March threatened to derail Brighton's season, but they've turned things around of late. And the 4-0 thumping victory over Manchester United was further evidence of the impressive project Potter has built on the south coast. Operating on a shoe-string budget, Potter has identified bargain deals in the transfer window and got the most out of his squad. Marc Cucurella, Neal Maupay and Leandro Trossard are among just a few players who have established themselves as Premier League stars under Potter. DON'T MISS  Despite losing both Ben White and Dan Burn, Brighton's defensive unit has also stood strong with Lewis Dunk, Adam Webster and Shane Duffy all putting in strong displays. The victory over United comes just a few weeks after they also recorded back-to-back wins against Arsenal and Tottenham. Potter's deal runs until 2025 and may well feel he can push Brighton even higher up the table. But Tottenham could provide him with the platform to show his talents on the European stage. And judging by his team's displays with wins over Arsenal, Tottenham and United, he's more than ready to compete with the best in Europe on a regular basis. Spurs' preference will be to keep Conte given the Italian coach's incredible resume, but Potter has proven that he's certainly worth a shot if the opportunity arises.