Even Jacob Rees-Mogg – once a useful terrorizer of the left – has dismissed calls for Starmer to resign over having broken COVID restrictions in attending a boozy Labour shindig in the North-East. These were rules that Sir Keir not only voted for but wanted to be even stricter. In other words, he’s a rank hypocrite. I broke the video of Starmer’s illegal beer and curry night more than a year ago on May 1 2021, but the Tories and the media failed to pounce. What we see now is an establishment stitch-up, with Starmer and Johnson holding fire to save their owns skins. Let’s not let them get away with it: both men broke their own rules, and they need to go so a level of trust can return to our politics. If the political class conspires to keep them in place, they should know that working Brits will never forgive them for the tyranny and chaos unleashed by the pandemic response. I’m not talking about the ‘substantial meal with your pint’-style gimmicks, I’m talking about the cruel, callous prescriptions that made life not worth living for so many Brits. This was a time when children weren’t allowed to see their dying parents. A time when the elderly were locked away from their loved ones. A time when sex, sport, time spent with friends and so much more became criminal activities. In my capacity as Leader of The Reclaim Party, I’m the only politician that actively encouraged Brits to shrug off the shackles of Tory and Labour officialdom and get on with their lives. That’s what I did. I was never going to let the state separate me from my loved ones, and I’ve always been completely transparent about that. Yet our political class have never really done transparency (nor honesty for that matter) and Johnson and Starmer are no different. How many times did both men stand at the dispatch box – po-faced (or so we thought) – and tell us that we had to give up our freedoms in the face of the plague? How many times did Johnson wobble onto his Downing Street podium to announce the next crushing restriction to a pliant media, only for Starmer to retort that he wasn’t going far enough? And all that time, while Brits were trapped at home, the PM and his apparatchiks in No.10 were having a ball. People are struggling to pay their bills but there was no cost-of-living crisis in Downing Street – lockdown there was more of an ‘all you can eat and drink’ kind of affair. Its unsurprising that our Tory overlords stuffed themselves with wine and cheese while the insipid Keir Starmer swigged on lager and ate curry (probably a korma) with a bunch of Durham Marxists. But we mustn’t let the scene depicted in the video of Sir Keir distract us from the man’s sheer gall – putting the frighteners on the British people one moment and then digging in the next. Its almost as if lockdown rulebreakers like Johnson, Starmer and indeed myself had got a read on COVID that perhaps others did not have the time or the cynicism to do themselves. This is a disease with a death rate of less than one percent - a threat only to those with serious co-morbidities. Our political class knew that and acted accordingly.   While they made hay, British families paid the price and that’s why we must never again fall for such unsubstantiated doom-mongering. Looking back on the past few years, it’s hard to see past the suicides, the mental health epidemic, the economic chaos, and the educational catastrophes, but it was also the loss of small pleasures that compounded the misery of the pandemic. I was in Morley, Yorkshire – Britain’s most patriotic town – for last month’s St George’s Day celebrations and it was a joy to see crowds in their thousands, different generations coming together to celebrate the town, their culture, and their history. Yet there was no parade in 2020, nor 2021 and there probably wouldn’t have been one this year if Keir Starmer had had his way. So, in the future, when the political class comes knocking, telling us to give up our hard-fought freedoms to counter a mysterious threat, let’s tell them where to go. As for now, it’s judgment day for Johnson and Starmer and I hope they get kicked to the curb so that we can begin the process of rebuilding trust in our politics. It’ll be good riddance to bad rubbish. 