The Met Police shared the six-year-old PD Xavier Charles, better known as "Stanley", collapsed on Sunday morning while on duty. The dog was chasing down two thieves on mopeds in Wandsworth Common in south-west London. A Met Police spokesman said Stanley, who competed in the national police dog trials in 2019, had been involved in 280 charges over his career. The "larger than life character" was described as "one of the very best police dogs". A spokesman said there were "two suspects on one moped" and added that thanks to Stanley's actions, the moped was recovered. In a post on Twitter, a spokesman for Met Police said: "It is with the heaviest of hearts that we share the news of the sudden passing of one of our very own serving dogs whilst on duty. "Six-year-old PD Xavier Charles, aka 'Stanley', was one of the very best police dogs who worked across London as a general purpose and firearms support dog alongside PD Stella, his best friend, & handler Pc Williams. "A larger than life character, Stan loved to work and amassed over 280 results in his shorter than average career & making it to the national police dog trials in 2019. "In the early hours of Sunday morning whilst chasing down two moped thieves, Stanley collapsed and sadly passed away, believed of heart failure. READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Remainer plot EXPOSED - 'Whitehall shenanigan' punishment Taskforce Commander Karen Findlay said: "Whilst this is still very raw, we have been asked to share this sad news to not only remember this wonderful, faithful and loyal friend but also to highlight the amazing work Stanley and his other canine heroes do to keep us all safe. "Rest easy Stan, you have left your mark on our world and you will live long in the memory of so many who had the pleasure to know you." Essex Retired Police Dogs Fund were among those who have paid tribute on Twitter. DON'T MISS Royal Family LIVE: William 'will worry' over Meghan and Harry UK and EU told to 'engage in pragmatic solution' to Brexit row Prince Harry 'will regret' Oprah interview as he's compared to Diana It comes as a dog rescued by the RSPCA after his owner was caught on CCTV abusing him is now "thriving" as a police sniffer dog. The spaniel, Marshall, was spotted on CCTV cowering in fear at a supported living home in Devon while a teenager kicked him, hit him, picked him up by his neck and threw him onto a sofa. The RSPCA asked for help from Devon and Cornwall Police to seize the dog and take him into their care. The spaniel was fostered by an experienced handler before starting his training course in November 2021. RSPCA Inspector Beccy Wadey, who investigated the case, said Marshall, who is full of energy, was fostered by a dog handler at Gloucestershire Police last November and is now a cash, drugs and firearms detection dog.