On 21 May 2008, Manchester United beat Chelsea to win the Champions League. Cristiano Ronaldo was on target during the game but missed his spot-kick in the penalty shootout, with Edwin van der Sar then coming to the Red Devils’ rescue. And, after the game, the Portugal international gave a brilliant interview where he opened up on the showdown in a typically bullish manner. Manchester United met Chelsea in the 2008 Champions League final hoping to build on retaining their Premier League crown. And the Red Devils did just that, claiming the trophy on a dramatic night in Moscow where Sir Alex Ferguson secured the prize for the second time in his career. Ronaldo headed United ahead in the first half, only for Frank Lampard to force extra-time. The contest then went to penalties, with Didier Drogba sent off shortly before the spot-kicks were taken for slapping Nemanja Vidic as tempers boiled over. In the shootout, Ronaldo missed his effort - with Petr Cech denying him from 12 yards. But John Terry missed and Nicolas Anelka saw his penalty saved by Van der Sar to give United the trophy. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings After the game, Ronaldo was asked about his penalty miss. And, in true confident fashion, he opted to focus more on the goal he scored rather than the one he didn’t. “Well I felt disappointed but I scored in the game,” he said. He then appeared to pout, and shrug his shoulders as though that deserved more attention, before adding: “This is the most important I try and help my team all the time, I think I scored a great goal. “And I missed a penalty but this happens with the players, it’s a lottery you know. “Chelsea can win or us, I think Edwin made two great saves.” DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag When quizzed on Terry missing the decisive spot-kick, he then added: “This happens. “Everyone wants to score a penalty but it’s a great feeling when your team win, on penalties, it’s a great moment.” And Ronaldo then compounded the interview by saying he’d be staying at United that summer, having been linked with Real Madrid. It was a memorable interview after a memorable night for the Red Devils. And Ronaldo honoured his word, staying at United for another 12 months before then departing to Spain. Ferguson claimed after United’s win over Chelsea that Terry missing was fate due to the fact the game took place 50 years on from the Munich Air Disaster. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “It was such an emotional occasion,” he said. “I said the day before the game we would not let the memory of the Busby Babes down. “And fate played its part even in John Terry slipping. We had a cause and people with causes become difficult people to play against.” Meanwhile, Terry admitted his penalty miss for Chelsea would haunt him for the rest of his life. "I'm so sorry for missing the penalty and denying the fans, my team-mates, family and friends the chance to become European champions,” he said. "Many people have told me I don't need to say that but I feel I need to, that's just me. "I have relived that moment every minute since it happened. I have only slept a few hours and wake up every time hoping it's all been a bad dream. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "I walked forward to take the penalty kick knowing that it was there to be won and it was all down to me. "What happened next will haunt me for the rest of my life. I have watched it again on TV and you can see I slipped - I still can't believe it. "I am a big man and I take responsibility for us not winning. I am and always will be Chelsea through and through. “I will give my all on and off the pitch to win this trophy as a player and one day as a manager. And I am sure that we will win it. "That night will haunt me forever and I feel I have let everybody down.”