With the World Cup due to kick off at the end of the year, British Defence Secretary Ben Wallace has announced the RAF and Royal Navy will play a major role in regional security. The event will be the first of its kind held in West Asia, with fans expected to flock to the tiny Persian Gulf state to support their team.  Speaking of the news, Mr Wallace said the aim of the deployment of British assets will be to “making sure citizens from across the world can enjoy attending the World Cup, Britain and Qatar will join forces to provide air policing in the skies above the tournament. He said; “I am delighted that our joint squadron with the Qatari Emiri Air Force of Typhoons will patrol the airspace during the tournament.” Adding to patrolling of the skies, specialist search teams will participate in venue checks, operational planning and command as well as control support. Extra maritime patrols will also be conducted by the Royal Navy around the Persian Gulf peninsula state.  Qatar is the only ally Britain currently shares joint squadrons with. Dual units include 11 Squadron Qatari Emiri Air Force, the Joint Hawk Training Squadron at RAF Leeming, and 12 Squadron, the Joint Typhoon Squadron at RAF Coningsby. In 2017, the gas-rich state purchased 24 BAE Systems Typhoons, as well as 9 Hawk jet trainers. Aside from the hardware, Doha also purchased operational assistance in the form of a bespoke training and support package. The deal which brought in a healthy £6bn also included weapons and MBDA missile systems. Speaking of the deal at the time, the Ministry of Defence said: “The deal is a demonstration of our strong defence relationship, and further enhances the UK and Qatar’s ability to tackle our shared security challenges.”  READ MORE:Qatar slams UK's energy vulnerability as new £10bn deal set to replace Qatar has not been without controversy over security and safety. In 2017, a huge diplomatic crisis broke out in the region when a Saudi-led coalition imposed a blockade on Qatar. Riyadh alleged Qatar had been responsible for sponsoring terrorism with links to Al-Qaeda and Daesh. Doha vehemently denied the allegations. The blockade saw Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Bahrain and Egypt sever ties with Qatar, and blocked their airspace to the hugely successful and globally acclaimed Qatar Airways.  DON'T MISS:Britons fume at French authorities over travel chaos [REPORT]Council killjoys take aim at Jubilee [REVEAL]London school kicks off Platinum Jubilee celebrations [INSIGHT] Furthermore, criticism has been pouring in over workers’ rights in Qatar. A shocking report by The Guardian discovered up to 6,500 migrant workers from India, Pakistan, Nepal, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka have died in Qatar since it won the right to host the World Cup. The Qatar government says that the number of deaths – which it does not dispute – is proportionate to the size of the migrant workforce and that the figures include white-collar workers who have died naturally after living in Qatar for many years. It also says that only 20 per cent of expatriates from the countries in question are employed in construction and that work-related deaths in this sector accounted for fewer than 10 percent of fatalities within this group. A government spokesperson for Qatar said: “The mortality rate among these communities is within the expected range for the size and demographics of the population. However, every lost life is a tragedy, and no effort is spared in trying to prevent every death in our country.”  Follow Defence and Security Correspondent James Lee on Twitter - Just click here @JamesLee_DE On a wider scale, the RAF has been heavily involved in various other joint operations. RAF Typhoons deployed in Romania, as part of Operation Biloxi have flown to neighbouring North Macedonia to take part in Exercise Swift Response in a joint NATO programme. The Typhoons, from 3 (Fighter) Squadron, are currently based at Mihail Kogalniceanu Air Base in Romania as part of 140 Expeditionary Air Wing, providing enhanced Air Policing and enhanced Vigilance Activities alongside the Romanian Air Force and on behalf of NATO. During the exercise, the Typhoons joined over 40 other aircraft operating over the Krivolak training area in North Macedonia. The RAF Typhoons conducted a simulated Strike Coordination and Reconnaissance sortie, together with Close Air Support training with two AH-64 Apache aircraft from Aviation Task Force 1 of the British Army. 