Mrs Hinch is a cleaning influencer with more than four million followers on Instagram. The cleaning queen is so successful she has inspired Britons to create Facebook groups in her honour, where they share cleaning tips and tricks with one another. One on such page, with more than 10,000 followers, one Mrs Hinch fan wanted to know how to clean the inside of her radiator. Rachel Shipley wrote: “Hi, does anyone know if this comes off or how to clean inside the radiator?” The Mrs Hinch fan accompanied her text with a picture of a radiator with dust inside it. The post was inundated with comments in minutes as other Mrs Hinch fans shared their top tips on how to clean a radiator. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to keep spiders out the home using ‘super easy’ way Interestingly, one tip stood out from the others. Many Mrs Hinch fans recommended using a product many families already have in their house: a hairdryer. Tanya Smyth simply said: “Hairdryer.” Susan Moore wrote: “For dust I use a hairdryer on full blast, gets loads of dust out.” DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to remove yellow pillow stains - ‘easiest way’ [TIPS]Gardening tips: ‘Best time of day’ to water your garden plants [EXPERT]Cleaning: How to remove limescale from toilets - ‘cheap trick’ [COMMENT] Louise Brown added: “Hairdryer.” Racheal Owen said: “Blow it out with a hairdryer, works great.” Other Mrs Hinch fans explained it’s possible to lift the top of the radiator, making it easier to the clean the inside. Shelley Jones said: “I’ve got same radiator, at side of radiator there should be like a panel lift it up on both sides and the top comes off (some side panels have screws you need unscrew first and some don't).”(sic) Kirsty Charlton wrote: “There is clips that you pull off either side then it all comes off.”(sic) Martina Beehan warned: “Might be a bit stiff first couple of times you remove it.” Ken Robinson recommended: “Try pressing down at one end.” Toria Wilkins explained: “Lift the side panel up and out, then this comes off.” Helena Watson wrote: “Top grill comes off. I’ve recently found this out. These plastic bits on each side come off if you get your nail underneath, on mine anyway, then take the side panel off by sliding it upwards.” Other Mrs Hinch fans advised buying long, thin feather dusters to reach the dirt and dust inside the radiator. Sam Smart wrote: “I bought a long wand which fits down the holes as I couldn’t figure out how to get the top off. That, with the hairdryer trick, works a treat.” Heidi Raabe’s tip was interesting. She said: “Towel down on floor, and a container under the radiator, then pour hot water mixed with zoflora down the radiator, and cleans it out a treat. “Plus leaves a lovely smell when heating on.”