Prince Edward, Earl of Wessex, has long had an affinity with Prince Philip's flagship charitable initiative, the Duke of Edinburgh's Award. It has now been announced that Edward will host 12,000 young people involved with the scheme in the Buckingham Palace garden next week. Four celebratory events will be held over two days for new Duke of Edinburgh Gold Award holders, and swathes of celebrity guests are expected to attend.  Buckingham Palace said the special events on May 16 and May 20 will see the gardens of the Queen's official residence "transformed into a festival-style celebration". The palace added that guests will have the chance to "take part in a range of lawn games and activities". Prince Edward will also meet several award holders during the events to hear about their experiences of completing the scheme. The Buckingham Palace parties will mark the first time Gold Award holders have seen their achievements formally recognised since the COVID-19 pandemic started two years ago.  READ MORE: Prince William and Kate whiz to Manchester for poignant event Popular Strictly star Johannes Radebe is due to attend the first celebration at the palace on Monday. Other celebrities and award holders who will take to the stage at the events include TV explorer Ben Fogle, actress Nina Wadia, and entrepreneur and former Apprentice winner Tim Campbell. The Duke of Edinburgh Award aims to empower young people and runs on the strategy of "youth without limits". Prince Edward has followed in his father's footsteps with his involvement in the award scheme throughout his royal career, and now he is a trustee.   Decades ago it was announced that the Queen and Philip wished for Edward to one day take on the Duke of Edinburgh title Philip made so famous. The decision on whether to give Edward the title will lie with Prince Charles when he is King, as he inherited the Duke of Edinburgh title when his father died in 2021 and it will become vacant when he ascends the throne. Other members of the Wessex family also had a close association with the late Duke, especially Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex's elder child Lady Louise Windsor. The Royal Windsor Horse Show runs from May 12 to May 15, and Lady Louise is expected to drive a carriage owned by her late grandfather in tribute to him this week.  DON'T MISS:Sophie Wessex turns heads in £450 Victoria Beckham trousers in school [PICTURES]Sophie and Edward heaped with praise during tour of Channel Islands [INSIGHT]Queen interrupted while singing by Prince Edward's ex-girlfriend [ANALYSIS] Louise and Philip shared a joint interest in the hobby and the Duke left his carriage and ponies to her after he died aged 99 last year. In a BBC documentary, 'Prince Philip: The Royal Family Remembers', Louise shared how Philip had massively influenced her love of the sport. She said: “The Duke of Edinburgh has been so involved in my driving which has been so lovely, although slightly scary because he invented the sport pretty much. “After a competition, he would always ask how it went. His eyes would light up because he just gets so excited when he talks about it.” 