This is likely to go down badly in central and eastern Europe. EU member states in the conservative eastern half of Europe have been among the most vocal in support of Ukrainian accession, no doubt hoping that another conservative and nationalist member would help their cause in the bloc. For the same reason, western European EU states have been noticeably cool about Ukrainian accession. Whatever kind words have been uttered towards Kyiv it seems increasingly obvious that Ukrainian hopes of joining the EU or NATO are to be dashed – in many ways, a victory for Vladimir Putin. So, what now can central and eastern Europe do? Well, firstly they ought to stop deluding themselves that the EU is going to magically transform back into an alliance of sovereign states. That ship sailed years ago and Macron’s federalist aspirations reveal that clearly. Indeed, Macron faced defeat in his attempt to make Brussels even more powerful after member states, particularly in central and eastern Europe, rejected a call to rewrite EU treaties in a federalist direction, stripping EU countries of a veto on foreign policy and centralising more power in Brussels. Among the countries against treaty change were Bulgaria, Croatia, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Romania, Slovenia, and Sweden. For Macron, the gloves will now be off, having again seen off nationalist Marine Le Pen in the French election. Unable to run for a third term, the French premier knows he can and must go full-steam ahead in his federalist goals. Central and eastern Europe understand however that this will further undermine their common goal of a more decentralised EU tolerant of their conservative outlook. Macron’s recent re-election victory, alongside that of Hungarian PM Viktor Orban, further cemented the cultural divide in the bloc. The question now is what can these countries do? Although a divide has opened up between Hungary and Poland over the Russia question, ultimately Budapest and Warsaw need each other too much – not least in their ongoing battles with Brussels – to let the divide become permanent. If central and eastern Europe cannot accept an overweening progressive Brussels bureaucracy, while western European states are tired of what they see as recalcitrant states in the east, the time may be upon Europe not to centralise as Macron suggests but to divide for everyone’s sake. In other words, if Ukraine feels it needs to be part of a European security and political architecture, then it may fall upon the Czechs, Poles and Hungarians to go their own way from Brussels. Central and eastern Europe is largely now at the development stage where they have less need of EU money anyway.   Moreover, unlike say Greece and Italy, most central and eastern European EU states never joined the euro, so – as for Brexit Britain – leaving the EU, or becoming more semi-detached from it, will be that much easier for them. Ultimately the Franco-German axis, and the Hungarian-Polish axis, offer two competing visions for Europe: one secular, progressive and internationalist, the other Christian, conservative and traditionalist. If it joined the EU, Ukraine would soon find that - like Hungary and Poland - its core identity would be at odds with the norms and values of EU elites. This moment therefore offers a watershed for the bloc, and central and eastern Europe in particular, to figure out what it really wants. It is long overdue that Europe acknowledged the cultural Iron Curtain which cleaves the Continent and EU in two. Brussels isn’t going to change, nor is central and eastern Europe. Instead of Macron’s federalist fantasies, it’s high time both sides acknowledged the reality they now find themselves in. 