TV star Ulrika Jonsson has bravely spoken about having an abortion after being told her father had died, while she was going through a divorce. In a new interview, the Celebs Go dating star, 54, candidly spoke about her decision not to go through with the pregnancy. It comes after the news that the US Supreme Court could overturn the Roe v Wade ruling, which could potentially result in criminalising abortion in America. The star, who has four children, spoke about the moment she found out she was expecting after contraception "failed" her. Ulrika wrote: "I discovered I was pregnant in an airport lavatory while travelling to Sweden in January 1996 following a shock phone call announcing my father’s sudden death at the age of 53." She added that at the time, she already had a 15-month old son, was "going through a divorce and was in the early stages of a relationship." The star explained that she "wasn't prepared" to have another child. READ MORE: Will Young speaks out on death of twin brother Rupert for first time Ulrika went on: "I chose a termination. "There was not a moment’s doubt in my mind," adding that she felt "no guilt" over her decision. She wrote: "My body was not ready for a pregnancy, my mind even less so. "To that end, there was no emotional trauma surrounding my decision because for me it was my right to have the procedure," she said in her column for The Sun. The star went on to brand the potential ruling "shocking and dangerous" as she argued that it's "detrimental" for women to have no say over their bodies. Ulrika has been married three times, the first to John Turnbull who she shares son Cameron with. The star then married Lance Gerrard-Wright who she welcomed daughter Martha with. Most recently, the star was married to American advertising executive Brian Monet, who she shared son Malcom with, before splitting in 2019. DON'T MISS... Sharon Osbourne, 69, breaks silence after frail bed-ridden photo[UPDATE]Martin Roberts says he has 'second chance' at life after health scare [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan addresses whether he'll be trying to steal GMB's viewers [ANALYSIS] Brian also adopted her daughter Bo from the presenter's relationship with German hotel boss, Markus Kempen. The star's brave words come days after anti-abortion activist and pro-abortion rights supporters took to the streets of Washington on Tuesday after news that the U.S. Supreme Court may overturn the 1973 Roe v Wade ruling which legalised abortion nationwide. If Roe is overturned, abortion is likely to remain legal in liberal states as more than a dozen states currently have laws protecting abortion rights. Numerous Republican-led states have also passed various abortion restrictions in defiance of the Roe precedent in recent years. Ulrika's comments come after she hit back at the stigma around her arthritis following a "really tough few years". In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Ulrika said: “I’ve had this back problem, that’s never going to go away either, and I had a few really tough years. “We talk about ageing, but pain and pain management is something people maybe don’t like to admit to. “We still slightly associate it with moaning, but we all have some sort of pain at some stage," she added.