As a verdict on her record-breaking 70 years on the throne, the results of the YouGov survey provide an overwhelming endorsement of the 96-year-old monarch’s reign. Only 12 per cent of the public view the Queen negatively, giving her a net favourability rating - the difference between those with positive and negative views - of +69 and making her by far the most popular member of the Royal Family. Her grandson Prince William and his wife Kate are the next popular members of the family with net favourability ratings of +59 and +55. But it is a very different story for the royals who have quit their official duties in the past couple of years. Prince Harry and Meghan’s popularity has sunk to a new record low. Almost two thirds (63 per cent) of Britons hold a negative view of Meghan and 58 per cent see Harry in a negative light verus 32 per cent who have a positive impression. His favourability score has dropped from -25 in March to -26 this month, while Meghan’s has plunged from -39 to -42. It has been a dramatic fall from grace for Harry, who was the most popular royal in 2018 when 77 per cent of the public held a positive view of him. Now only those aged 18-24 have a more positive view than negative view of him and Meghan (+9 and +2 respectively) while every other generation is more anti them than pro. Back in 2012 at the time of the Queen’s Diamond Jubilee only one in 10 Britons (10 per cent) saw Harry as a bad role model. Now that figure is 36 per cent and the proportion who think Harry is a good role model has halved from 63 per cent to 31 per cent. Some 72 per cent say William is a good role model Any hopes Prince Andrew might have cherished of using the jubilee as a launchpad for a comeback may be shattered by the revelation that he has a -80 per cent favourability rating. Some 84 per cent of Britons think the Queen has done a good job in her 70-year reign. She will prove a tough act to follow for her heirs, Charles and then William. But the British public tend to think both will make good Kings, although there is considerably more confidence in William with 77 per cent saying he will do a good job, compared to 57 per cent saying the same of Charles. The heir to the throne enjoys a +19 favourability rating and his wife Camilla, now named as a future Queen Consort, is on +9. But YouGov tracking data shows that only 34 per cent of the public think the Crown should pass to him after the Queen’s death, while 37 per cent believe it should go straight to William. The poll questioned 1,692 adults between May 18 and 19.