Britons are experiencing a once in a lifetime event this week as the Queen celebrates 70 years on the throne. However, the event is set to impact the payment of the state pension as the country marks an additional bank holiday. This week, it has been confirmed an extra long weekend is on the cards for many Britons right across the country. A spring bank holiday will be marked on Thursday, June 2, while a Platinum Jubilee holiday will occur on Friday, June 3. However, bank holidays typically impact when people can expect payments from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). This week is no different, and the Department will temporarily close to mark the special occasion. READ MORE: Woman, 74, to 'work until I can't' -pension mix-up saw 'nothing go in' It means those who are expecting payments on Thursday or Friday will see this impacted. Instead, individuals who were due to be paid on Thursday or Friday of this week should be paid on Wednesday, June 1. This is because this date is the last working day before the long bank holiday. The early payment ensures Britons are not left out of pocket when it comes to their state pension and managing their finances. DON'T MISSPensioners warned 850,000 older Britons may miss out on £650 payment [INSIGHT]Your state pension may be key - five top tips for retirement [EXCLUSIVE]State pension: Four key ways you could increase your sum [UPDATE] If people were expecting their payment for the following week in June, their payment date should remain the same. Britons will not have to do anything to receive the earlier payment from the DWP. This is because it is typically administered automatically to ensure ease for all impacted. The state pension is usually paid once every four weeks to eligible Britons. The first payment is issued within five weeks of reaching state pension age, and then a payment every four weeks after that. The date a person’s pension is paid depends on their National Insurance number. The last two digits of the number are what the Department uses to calculate when a person should be paid. The digits 00 to 19 mean a Monday payment, while it is Tuesday for those with digits 20 to 39. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Wednesday payments are issued to those with the numbers 40 to 59, and Thursday for digits 60 to 79. Finally, those with the numbers 80 to 99 can expect payment on a Friday. For this bank holiday, people with the digits 60 to 99 can therefore expect to be impacted by the temporary change.