George Russell must establish himself against Lewis Hamilton during his first season in F1, according to Damon Hill. The 1996 champion says if Russell doesn’t show his potential, people will claim he was ‘not good’ enough to drive for F1’s top team. He warns people ‘don’t waste time’ before they ‘put the dampers’ on someone if they don't impress early on. Russell has so far impressed at Mercedes with the Silver Arrows rookie securing four successive top-five finishes. It has left Russell fourth in the drivers’ standings with almost double the number of points Hamilton has scored. However, Hill warned it could be difficult for Russell to keep up this level of performance throughout the course of the season. Speaking to the F1 Nation Podcast, he said: “George is very keen to establish himself and he has to, let’s be honest. The way this game is played, if you have been brought into a team and you don’t show your credentials pretty damn quick, then people start to go ‘not good’. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton 'not humiliated' by George Russell defeats "They don’t waste any time before they start putting the dampers on someone, so he has done a good job but whether he can keep that up all season, if Lewis finds what he needs from the car, we shall see." The former Williams man also secured his maiden Mercedes podium at the Australian Grand Prix. In comparison, Hamilton scored a podium in Bahrain and solid points in Australia but has struggled elsewhere. The seven-time champion secured just one point in his 10th place finish in Saudi Arabia. He struggled to race against the other midfield teams at Imola, finishing just 13th after he was unable to make up ground in the Sprint race or the Grand Prix. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton and George Russell's Mercedes issues identified [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton ruled out of title race by F1 fans [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton opens up on 'lonely journey' during racing career [COMMENT] Mercedes' Russell has previously claimed the pair are working together to find solutions to the team's problems. He said there would be ‘no hard feelings’ from whoever finished behind at Mercedes and stressed Hamilton was still the ‘captain’ of the team. After Imola, Russell stressed Hamilton would ‘come back’ after a poor weekend. He said: “He's incredibly fast and he's showed that so far this year, but it's just been tricky for us as a team to get it done when the time is needed. "When things have been more stable, Lewis has still been massively fast. I know there was a bit of a blip last weekend but I have no doubt he's going to come back and the way he's pushing the team and motivating the team is truly inspiring. "We all want more. He wants more. Nobody is happy with the position we're in currently."