Amber Heard, 36, was walking off the stand after giving her evidence for a break as Johnny Depp, 57, was walking out of the court. The Hollywood actress had just claimed to the jury her ex-husband reportedly had sexually assaulted her with a liqour bottle and threatended to kill her in March 2015. As Amber stood up and moved away from the stand, Johnny moved towards the actress to exit the room at the door located next to the stand. Amber seemed to physically shudder with a terrified look on her face, as she took several steps back, hitting into the coat hanger. Court officials then turned towards the former Pirates of the Caribbean star with their hands up, warning him to stand back. Surrounded by his attorneys, Johnny turned away and appeared to shrug and smile at his attorneys. READ MORE: Sharon Osbourne, 69, sparks concern with frail bed-ridden photo Amber was then led to the side of the room, while Johnny exited the courtroom during the 15-minute break. The former couple have avoided eye contact throughout the whole trial, including when Amber has been giving her evidence in front of the actor. During Amber's testimony, Johnny has mainly focused on his notepad where he appears to be taking notes and doodling. Prior to the tense moment betwen the former couple, Amber had broke down as she claimed in court that Johnny had not only sexually assaulted her but also threatened to kill her. Johnny's defence team has labelled Amber's testimony as the "performance of her life". The alleged assault took place in March 2015 while the couple were in Australia when Johnny was filming for Pirates of the Caribbean 5. This is the same incident that saw the Hollywood actor's finger severed, with Johnny claiming Amber had thrown a liquor bottle at him which damaged his finger. Amber has testified that she did not witness her former husband's fingertip being severed. He denies any allegations of abuse. DON'T MISS... Victoria Beckham spills on Mel B's MBE as Scary Spice goes commando [COMMENT] Alex Jones dismayed as son, 3, taken to hospital for operation [BREAKING] Nicole Scherzinger, 43, shows off toned physique in thong [PICS] The Aquaman star also claimed yesterday that Johnny had visisted a woman whom he'd previously had a sexual relationship with almost immediately after their Los Angeles wedding. Amber claims she made the shock discovery when the actor had fallen asleep and she went through his phone. She told the court: "I found his iPad open, he had been texting someone with it open [and] he had passed out. "I saw he was texting a woman he had a relationship with on and off at the beginning of our relationship so I recognised the name - but the date was right after the wedding. "He'd ripped my heart out. It was... unbelievably painful." Johnny is suing for $50 million over the damage that he says an article she wrote for The Washington Post about suffering domestic violence did to his reputation and career, though it didn't name him as the abuser. Amber is then counter-suing the actor for $100 million. The trial continues and is expected to last around six weeks in total.