Thomas Markle has recently discussed prospective plans to fly over to the UK to celebrate the Platinum Jubilee, pay his respects to the Queen, and meet his grandchildren. However, reports state Mr Markle was rushed to hospital last night after fears of a “possible stroke”. Mr Markle was seen being loaded into an ambulance with an oxygen mask strapped to his face in Tijuana, Mexico, at around 9.30pm on Monday night. According to TMZ, Mr Markle was transported to Chula Vista, California after further fears for his health; he reportedly couldn’t speak and had to describe his symptoms in written form on paper.  In a statement, Mr Markle's daughter Samantha said: "My father is recovering in hospital. We ask for privacy for the family, for his health and wellbeing. "He just needs some rest." READ MORE: Charles and William braced for Prince Harry's return for Jubilee  This comes just days before the 77-year-old retired lighting director planned to fly to Britain to meet his royal in-laws - particularly Prince Charles - and celebrate the Queen with the rest of the family. Mr Markle told GB News: “I’m looking forward to it [flying over for the Jubilee]. "I’m going to show my respect for the Queen and I’m going to make sure that the Queen understands that my entire family respects the Queen and the Royals. “We admire them and we want them to know that’s how we feel about them and that’s how we feel about England.  “I would like to meet with Prince Charles and thank him for walking my daughter down the aisle, and also to meet and talk with him because I think we have a lot in common now. “We’ve pretty much both been ghosted by our children. I would really enjoy talking to him. If that’s possible, that would be great.” However, due to his current health issues, it’s now unclear whether he will be able to attend. This isn’t the first time Mr Markle’s health has obstructed his plans, as a heart attack and subsequent surgery prevented him from attending Prince Harry and Meghan’s wedding in 2018.  DON'T MISS: Who are the Queen's cousins appearing on palace balcony for Jubilee? [EXPLAINED]Elizabeth A Portrait in Parts review: Immerse yourself in Queen's life [INSIGHT]Queen’s rare ‘misguided’ moments during reign [ANALYSIS]    Mr Markle told GB News he hoped to meet his grandchildren, Archie and Lilibet, for the first time during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Although he feared if Meghan and Harry knew he was attending, they might be swayed off. He said: “I’m getting the feeling that if they know I’m coming, they won’t be coming. “But if they do come I would love to reach out, speak with them and try to figure out what was wrong and how we can repair it.  "I don’t see that happening. But I certainly would like to try.” Mr Markle and Meghan have been estranged since he infamously staged photos for money ahead of the Duke and Duchess's wedding, and leaked a personal letter from Meghan to various news outlets. Mr Markle said he apologised to Meghan and Harry “at least 100 times or so” for the photo scandal, but claimed he “never heard back” from either of them “in any way, shape or form.” 