Lorraine Kelly stunned at the TV BAFTA Awards red carpet today in a gorgeous gold and white gown. The star explained in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk she had been feeling self-conscious at celebrity events after lockdown, but that her new weight loss plan with WW has helped her “get her va va voom back”. Lorraine, 62, wowed in a floor-length gown on the red carpet today. The star opted for a white dress with a tasteful v-neck and long, flowing skirt. The garment had a gorgeous gold leaf pattern on it, and was tied with a matching belt at the waist. The star wore open-toed high heels on her feet and accessorised with a heart-shaped necklace.      The ITV talk show host doesn’t seem like the kind of person who would get shy, but the star previously told Express.co.uk about her red carpet fears due to weight gain. She spoke about how she was dismayed to find that she had gone from a size 10 to a size 14 due to a lack of exercise and indulging in more junk food during lockdown. However, since then, the TV icon is back to feeling like herself again with the help of WW (formerly known as Weight Watchers). Prior to her weight loss, she explained: “At the moment, if I go out - I mean, I’m not very good at red carpets anyway - but say there was a big event…     “I would be kind of ‘hmm’,” she said, while slumping her shoulders with an unsure expression. “And the last thing I went to, there was a big do just before Christmas, and I couldn’t get into - obviously my red dress is my go-to dress - and I couldn’t get it over my head. “But I thought, ‘well that’s ok,’ so I ended up wearing a really nice black dress and I looked fine, but I really, really didn’t feel fine,” Lorraine confessed. “And I was looking at everybody else looking amazing, beautiful, and confident and I didn’t feel like that.     “I know that other people were looking at me going, ‘What’s she going on about? She looks ok!’ “But it’s really about you. And I was feeling kind of tired. “It’s about losing your shine, losing your sparkle. I just felt really tired and a bit dimmed, honestly. “But we’ve all felt like that. Just because I have to be on the telly doesn’t mean to say that I don’t feel not-as-confident on some days.”      The Virgin Media BAFTA TV Awards recognises the television highlights viewers enjoyed in 2021, with hit, critically acclaimed shows including It’s A Sin, We Are Lady Parts, Landscapers, Help and Time leading the nominations. The star-studded ceremony is being held at the Royal Festival Hall in London today. Stars are set to show off their glamorous outfits on the red carpet before taking their seats for television’s biggest night of the year, hosted by Richard Ayoade. Channel Four series It’s A Sin, written and created by Russell T Davies, has earned the most Bafta television award nominations this year. The show’s 11 nominations, made up of five in the craft categories and six in the television awards categories, include nods for Davies in the best writer: drama category and Years & Years singer Olly Alexander for leading actor for his role as Ritchie Tozer. The ceremony will air for fans tonight from 6pm on BBC One. Lorraine Kelly has joined WW as a new ambassador. #joinLorraine on her weight loss and wellness journey with WW, where you can enjoy the foods you love with no restrictions. To be your best self whilst still losing weight, visit ww.com/uk/ambassadors/lorraine-kelly and get 50% off today.    