Real Madrid's hopes of luring Kylian Mbappe to Spain have been dealt a blow after Paris Saint-Germain launched a sensational last-gasp attempt to try and entice the Frenchman into staying in Paris. Mbappe's current contract is set to expire in the coming weeks and has been persistently linked with a switch to the Bernabeu. The French giants have reportedly offered Mbappe the chance to become the 'owner of their project' next season. In addition to the substantial contract offer that's on the table, El Chiringuito TV are claiming that Mbappe would also be given the freedom to change players and coaches at will if he commits his future to PSG, who are clearly desperate to keep their talisman. Although Mbappe's arrival has been seemed almost inevitable in recent months, there is a chance that PSG's bizarre offer could be enough to entice him into staying in the French capital. But where would that leave Real Madrid in their hunt for a new striker? Express Sport runs the rule over a number of players who could be pursued by Real if their pursuit of Mbappe fails to come to fruition... Now aged 37, Cristiano Ronaldo's illustrious career is very much winding down - but there's no doubt that he can still deliver at the highest level. He's proved that at Manchester United this year, where he's plundered 24 goals despite their domestic struggles. Ronaldo has already been lured back to Manchester after a long spell away; Real could look to follow in United's footsteps by making a play to bring the Portuguese superstar back to the Bernabeu for another romantic reunion. READ MORE: Man Utd reach conclusion after ‘investigating’ leaks under Ralf Rangnick Darwin Nunez is one of the most coveted strikers in Europe after his remarkable season in Portugal for Benfica. The 22-year-old hotshot is being courted by a host of big-name suitors - including Manchester United and Arsenal - after notching 34 goals in 41 games. Given Nunez's age and potential, in some ways, the Uruguayan starlet represents the most viable alternative to Mbappe as he'd be able to spearhead the club's bid for glory on multiple fronts for years to come. If Real Madrid are unable to take advantage of Mbappe's contract uncertainty, then they could try and see if they fare any better in chasing Mohamed Salah, who has contract issues of his own at Anfield. Despite enduring a barren spell recently, Liverpool's talisman has had the season of his life after racking up 30 goals and 16 assists for the Reds. However, the club are reluctant to meet his extortionate wage demands - despite Salah currently being at the peak of his powers. That wouldn't be an issue for Real, who have a history of dishing out lucrative deals. DON'T MISS...Tottenham target Paulo Dybala 'asking about living in London'Tottenham target welcomes interest but Chelsea also keen - 'I'm glad'Arsenal meltdown put down to five reasons as Gunners compared to Spurs At the age of 33, Robert Lewandowski is very much in the twilight years of his storied career. But with his future at Bayern Munich uncertain, a move for the Polish goalmachine is a no-brainer if a deal for Mbappe cannot be struck. Lewandowski has so far refused to commit his future to the German giants with a new long-term, with Barcelona currently trying to prise the ex-Borussia Dortmund star away from the Allianz Arena. Real's financial clout would give them the edge in the race for the striker's signature. If Real are looking to take advantage of a striker - like Lewandowski - who could be looking for an escape route from their current club, then they could do worse than consider a move for Chelsea's club-record signing, Romelu Lukaku. The 29-year-old has endured a rotten campaign at Stamford Bridge, but he has proven his credentials elsewhere in Europe after a prolific stint with Inter Milan. Lukaku could thrive again in Spain and the Blues would more than likely be willing to take a hit on the extortionate £97.5million fee they forked out to sign the Belgian last summer.