UK house prices have endured a turbulent few years, with the Covid pandemic initially wreaking havoc on the property market in 2020. At the time, rules prohibiting social interaction left buyers and sellers struggling to conduct business, pushing home values down. They have since recovered and are now rising into the stratosphere, leaving people in the market's orbit shouldering the impact. Data shows that UK property prices have increased by 13 percent since 2020, surging by an average of £29,000. The increase has pushed them to their highest rate in 15 years. Demand from buyers has risen in kind, up by 58 percent above the UK's five-year average, with a new supply of homes entering the market. The news will make good reading for sellers, but they don't have long to take advantage of the conditions. READ MORE: ‘Most obvious way’ to add value to your home while saving cash  According to Zoopla, the market could soon cool down from its artificial post-pandemic boom. Gráinne Gilmore, head of research at the property portal, said strong demand would continue "through the start of the year". But it would eventually return to "more ‘normal’ pre-pandemic conditions" during the summer. The result would be slower but still positive price growth, at three percent down from 8.3 percent.  Zoopla has urged sellers to "think about listing it as soon as possible" to make the most of the "buoyant market conditions". Acting now would help people "lock in the gains they have made", the site added. The trend of rising prices should continue, backed by enduring shortages. Buyers, unfortunately, end up on the wrong side of the trend, as they will end up paying more.  They will have to reckon with a more expensive market and rising interest rates that could impact their mortgages. The Bank of England announced today that it would raise the bank rate to one percent, its fourth consecutive increase since last year. Bank officials with the Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) forecast that the UK economy would shrink later in 2022 and raised the rate to its highest level since 2009. The change sees the rate increase by half a percentage point from 0.5 percent.  The new figure will have implications across the UK, with the worst falling on borrowers. When the Bank of England raises its rates, it increases the cost of its services for lenders and banks. Organisations have to offset their higher costs by raising their own prices, offloading them on their customers. Some people may find interest rates on their mortgages or other products are slightly higher, while others see their savings bolstered by this much. 