It will be the first time the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will spend time with the wider royal family since they stepped down as working royals in 2020. Arriving at a Buckingham Palace garden party on Wednesday the Duchess of Cambridge wore a mint green Philip Treacy fascinator with a large floral applique on one side.  It was nearly identical to the design she wore at the Sussexes wedding at Windsor Castle in 2018, which was white with cream roses. The Duchess re-wore a pale green frock to attend the last royal garden party of the year. She was photographed smiling and greeting members of the public as she arrived in a flowy calf-length dress, designed by a private dressmaker. The dress has a high neck, puffed sleeves with elongated cuffs with a bodice that is lined with matching buttons.   The Duchess accessorised the look with sea green suede Jimmy Choo heeled shoes and a matching clutch bag. She previously wore the frock to the 50th Anniversary of Prince Charles’ Investiture in 2019. The annual garden parties are usually hosted by the Queen, however earlier this month it was announced that the monarch would be unable to attend. She has been represented by other members of the royal family. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'in limbo' over being royalty and celebrity The Duchess was joined by her husband the Duke of Cambridge at the party. They were seen chatting with a Holocaust survivor, Manfred Goldberg, 92. The royal couple had previously met Mr Goldberg in 2017 during a visit to Stutthof, the concentration camp in Nazi-occupied Poland. Mr Goldberg spent eight months at the camp as a prisoner. DON'T MISS:  Royal POLL: Should Meghan Markle visit her father in hospital? [REVEAL] Harry and William set for another 'frosty reunion' next week  [INSIGHT] Kate’s favourite takeaway laid bare but William ‘wouldn't eat it'  [SPOTLIGHT] Recalling his conversation with the Duchess on Wednesday Mr Goldberg, who now works for the Holocaust Education Trust, said the royal had thanked him for his work. He said: “As she came along, she said, ‘Oh hello Manfred, how lovely to see you’. “She also thanked me for all the hard work I have been doing over the years, speaking to thousands of school children, mainly of A-level grades, who are old enough to really understand. “Then I complimented her on remembering our previous conversations years back. “She said, ‘I will never forget’.” The Earl and Countess of Wessex and Princess Beatrice also attended the party along with 8,000 guests. 