Jenny Ryan, 40, has publicly apologised to fans who were hoping to see her at the Choose Love Variety Show on Sunday. The event was set to take place on Sunday at the Clapham Grand music hall in South London. Jenny took to Twitter yesterday to announce that the show had to be postponed due to issues with the “logistics”. In view of her 109,000 followers, The Chase star uploaded a promotional poster for the event along with a statement explaining the reason for postponing the event. She wrote: “My sincerest apologies to all ticket holders - we must postpone the Choose Love Variety Show due to be held on Sunday evening at @TheClaphamGrand and reschedule it for later in the year. “Statement in the next Tweets: ‘Dear Ticket Holders, “As much as we hate disappointing people, we are going to have to move our lovely Choose Love Variety Show to make sure we can put on the calibre of night that we were planning.” In a separate tweet, the TV star continued: “We had a couple of surprises planned but the dates and logistics haven’t quite lined up and we want to make sure that you have them. “We will be back soon with a new date for this event! “Thanks so much for booking to be part of it. We can’t wait to put on this show for you.” In a follow-up tweet, the Bolton Brainiac confirmed that those unable to attend the new date would be refunded. Jenny wrote: “If you cannot make the new date, once confirmed, you will of course be granted a refund. “Keep supporting live entertainment and the brilliant home of Variety, Clapham Grand and we promise we’ll see you very soon. “Love, Jenny Ryan + Team Grand." DON'T MISS:Rebekah Vardy's future 'in tatters' after ‘complete disaster’ trial [NEWS]'Was cast out' Dan Walker says he was branded 'security risk' [UPDATE]Jada Pinkett Smith fights back tears - 'Terrified little girl' [INSIGHT] The news comes just days after Jenny revealed a career move away from The Chase as she ventured into stand-up comedy. Jenny made her stand-up comedy debut in aid of Women and Children First, earlier this week. She announced on Twitter: "Surprise stand-up debut!" Jenny also reposted an advert from the charity explaining how to access the show, titled Cracking Comedy, for 24 hours only on catch-up TV. "You have 24 hours to watch #crackingcomedy on @nextupcomedy with #jamesacaster, @MaisieAdam, @sindhuvfunny, @mrmikewozniak, @rocknrolga, @NathanCaton, @elf_lyons, @dnlfoxx and @VixLeyton," the ad read. "Plus the stand-up debut of Jenny Ryan, @jenlion from #thechase!" Women And Children First UK describes itself as follows: "Amazing women are being empowered to help others survive and thrive. "Together in health groups they overcome their problems with life-saving ideas."