Incoming Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag could put significant money into the club's transfer fund if he is able to cash in on wantaway star Dean Henderson this summer. The back-up goalkeeper is supposedly 'desperate' to secure more game time ahead of the 2022 World Cup, and Newcastle United are showing interest in a deal which could be worth £40million. Henderson was given an extended run in the Red Devils' first-team last season and was set to continue this campaign until a positive Covid test stunted his momentum. David De Gea was reinstated as number one, and the club have not looked back since. On a long-term contract and hefty wages, Henderson has been left to collect dust on the bench for the majority of the season, and he has not featured at all in the Premier League. The Magpies were heavily linked with a January loan move, and Manchester Evening News claim that they are eyeing up a £40m swoop this summer. Given his contract and reported £110,000-a-week wages, a loan move is also a possibility with the England international 'desperate' for more first-team minutes. But the Saudi-backed Tyneside outfit could seek to tie the 25-year-old down permanently before a potential run of form threatens to bump up his price even more. JUST IN: Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag responds to Marco van Basten's transfer advice It remains to be seen how Ten Hag will approach United's goalkeeper conundrum, having shown an interest in Henderson this January while still in charge of Ajax. That suggests that the stopper has the Dutchman's respect, but the prospect of displacing De Gea after a solid campaign continues to make life difficult. Cashing on may therefore prove to be a beneficial solution for all parties, and it could give Ten Hag another £40m to play with as he seeks to bolster the Red Devils' squad this summer. Recent reports indicate that he will not be given a blank chequebook, so earning such a significant fee for a peripheral player could be seen as good business. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag’s likely response as Man Utd board ‘want decision made over three players’ [REPORT]Four signings Chelsea can make to bridge Liverpool gap despite Tuchel comments [TRANSFERS]Newcastle try to 'tempt' Jose Mourinho into leaving Roma despite Eddie Howe heroics [GOSSIP] As for Newcastle, Henderson represents the type of player they are rumoured to be eyeing up this summer. Eddie Howe went big on a number of experienced names to ensure their Premier League survival in January, which has left long-term options a priority going forward. By Howe's own admission, Financial Fair Play restrictions are set to stop the Magpies going on a complete transfer rampage, but their mega-wealthy owners would not bat an eyelid at £40m if Henderson is seen as a priority. Current first choice Martin Dubravka may not have the boss' total trust and was reportedly offered to Man Utd in January.  Henderson has been with Man Utd since the age of 14, racking up 29 senior appearances, almost all of which came last season. He predominantly made his name during a two-season loan spell with Sheffield United between 2018 and 2020, helping them achieve promotion to the Premier League and finish in the top half. The stopper made his England debut in 2020, and having played just three times all season, it is clear that more regular action will be needed if he is to work his way back into Gareth Southgate's plans.