The Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations were the centre of conversation on Thursday's instalment of The Talk. Meghan Markle and Prince Harry are set to join the Royal Family next month to mark the monarch's historic reign. However, Talk TV's Vanessa Feltz made a snide remark about the Duchess' ability to "act" as though "she adores everyone".  Vanessa began: "It will be the largest gathering of the Royal Family since the Sussexes' wedding in 2018. "All the Queen's children and grandchildren are due to attend, including Prince Andrew." She said it could be an awkward reunion with ongoing reports of a rift between Prince Harry and Prince William. "Meghan and Kate do appear to have patched things up since there were tears over a bridesmaid dress," Vanessa added. READ MORE: Piers Morgan rages ‘fame hungry’ Meghan will ‘hijack headlines "And insiders fear Harry will slate Camilla in his upcoming tell-all biography. "Do we think this idea of a big public reunion is something of a risky move?" Her guest Sharon Osbourne said the Platinum Jubilee is the "Queen's time" and believes the monarch would "love all of her family to be together". "Whatever problems they have in that family, they should just stay quiet and be gracious and do this for the Queen," Sharon added. Vanessa later asked the panel if Meghan and Harry will behave around the Royal Family.   Vanessa then took a swipe at the Duchess of Sussex, telling the panel: "After all Meghan is an actress and if she wants to she can appear to adore everyone, including Kate and William, can't she?" She continued: "She didn't the last time when there was that very frosty thing when they sat behind each other not speaking and looking at the floor." Sharon interjected to say "you could feel the ice" between the royals on that occasion. Jeremy Kyle, who was also part of the debate, chimed in to say he was concerned the Jubilee celebrations will "be all about" Harry and Meghan when it "should be about the Queen". DON'T MISS...Queen's biographer on how she really felt about Megxit 'Un-called for' [LORRAINE]Kate makes subtle nod to Harry and Meghan at garden party [UPDATE]Royal Family LIVE: Queen lifeline - Harry's 'explosive' memoir paused [INSIGHT] Broadcaster Mike Graham weighed in and also took a jibe at the Duchess, telling viewers: "She can't be in front of a camera unless she is front and centre." He added: "She couldn't stand being in Kensington Palace as she had to stand behind Kate. "She couldn't stand being behind anybody, she wants to be front and centre. "I presume there will be a trailer outside St Paul's and there will be cameramen and Netflix runners."  Continuing his attack on Meghan, the journalist claimed the gathering "will be like a Hollywood film set". Vanessa tried to meditate on the debate and asked whether "poor old Meghan" could do anything right. Reflecting on Vanessa's comments, Scottish journalist Ayesha Hazarika said: "She's damned if she does and she's damned if she doesn't." She thought Meghan would get equally scrutinised if she decided not to attend the Jubilee celebrations. The Talk is available to watch on TalkTV. 