In another twist to the transfer saga that has seen Paris Saint-Germain’s Kylian Mbappe linked to Real Madrid, the 23-year-old is now reportedly close to staying in France and renewing his contract. The French star had at one point looked destined to play at the Bernabeu, but Gianluca Di Marzio has claimed that Mbappe now looks close to remaining at PSG alongside Neymar and Lionel Messi. Sky Sports reporter Di Marzio tweeted: “Mbappe is now close to stay in PSG and renew his contract.” PSG appear to have been successful in keeping their man, and the news will not have come as a shock to Los Blancos, who were worried that the World Cup winner had decided to stay in France. Mbappe’s new contract at PSG is set to make him one of the most highly-paid footballers in the world, and will also see him land a substantial signing bonus. Real Madrid could now turn their attention elsewhere for alternatives to Mbappe, and look at other players who could line up alongside Karim Benzema and Vinicius Jr next season. Mbappe has scored 168 goals in 216 games since joining PSG from AS Monaco, and David Ornstein has told Sky Sports that a decision on Mbappe’s future will be announced imminently. He said: “The key part of this is his final decision, putting pen to paper which he has not done with either club. He will become a free agent if he wants to join Real Madrid or he can sign an extension with PSG. “The French club are still trying to convince him to stay, and that is why we may be seeing some of these crazy inducements that are coming his way to convince him to do that. “The decision sounds like it is imminent, and should be conveyed before or just after the final weekend of the French season and either way it is going to be some of the most high-profile news we have seen in many years because him committing to PSG puts him at the forefront of their project for the foreseeable future, and if he goes to Real Madrid then it really is a Galactico signing.” Jurgen Klopp admitted that Liverpool did hold an interest in Mbappe, but they are not willing to compete financially with the offers that the French forward has on the table. Klopp said: "Of course, we are interested in Kylian Mbappe; we are not blind! I have nothing to say about [the reported contact] between Kylian and Liverpool. It's all set; it's all fine," Klopp explained. "We, of course, like him, and if you don't like him, then you have to question yourself. But no, we are not; we cannot be part of these battles. There must be other clubs involved, and that is fine. He is a great player."