Residents of Priest Meadow Close, Astwood Bank, Redditch, were woken on a sleepy Sunday morning, May 29, to the sound of horse hooves trotting along the road. Six of the animals were spotted wandering freely among homes and cars on the estate after they broke loose from a nearby field. The horses were captured on video as they passed one local's house, who described the scene as “spooky”. Anxious owner Bethany Stanford put out an urgent Facebook appeal in the early hours of Sunday, May 29, after her horses went missing. She appealed to the Redditch community to help her locate the animals, who had broken out of a nearby field. Locals rallied together to locate the animals and lure them back to safety by dangling carrots in front of their noses.  West Mercia Police officers also assisted the rescue. Resident Colin Dennis from Astwood Bank told Birmingham Live: “We heard the clip-clop of hooves outside and I did think it was early for horse riding. “I was surprised to see no riders [with them] when we looked out of the window. “There were a couple of police cars helping. I heard a bag of carrots was used! READ MORE: Meet nine adorable RSPCA dogs waiting years for a home  “It was great that Facebook was used to get everyone involved. I think we all quite enjoyed it. They all looked very calm and happy, if not a bit confused.” Other residents took to social media to express their delight after the eventful morning. Amanda Barnes wrote on Facebook: “Glad they are home safe and sound. Not quite what I expected to see when I opened the curtains this morning!” Vicky Dennis added: “Glad they are safely back. They were really beautiful." Another wrote on Facebook: “What an amazing community and so glad they are safe! Way to go anyone who helped and thank you to the police too!” DON'T MISS:London stabbing horror as man found in the street [BREAKING]EU Summit LIVE: VDL battered down in oil ban row with nations [LIVE]Turkey throws spanner in works as it rejects Finland-Sweden NATO bid [LATEST] Another resident, Gerald Mack, said: “I thought this was really good. Within a few minutes of the horses being posted on here [Facebook], there were lots of people (who seem to know about horses) offering to help. That's really good.” Ms Stanford later thanked residents for helping her bring her horses home. She said on Facebook: “Thank you SO much to everyone who helped catch our horses earlier! Especially Nadyne who came from out the area with head collars and brought them back home! “We are so sorry for any inconvenience. If there is any damage to anyone's gardens etc, please contact me." 