Where there’s damp, mould doesn’t tend to be far. So, it’s no surprise the washing machine has the deft ability to attract it. Unless you’re one of the few who dries it after every use, the detergent drawer is a particularly prominent space for black mould - or soap scum - to formulate however, it’s also incredibly easy to get rid of, and likely with ingredients you already have in the kitchen cupboard. Mould in the washing machine drawer is not only unsightly, but it can also filter into the washing machine and imprint on the items in the drum. This can cause your machine - and clothes - to smell damp and musty; so if you’ve noticed this scent emerge after a spin, it’s likely you might be dealing with a slight mould problem. A majority of washing machines in the UK boast a front-loading design instead of a top-loading one, meaning particular focus has been placed on making these machines so leak-proof. However, this also means the machines don’t tend to dry out quickly or easily, making them become a hotspot for mould to grow and fester unless cleaned thoroughly and regularly.  READ MORE: Cleaning: How to keep spiders out the home using ‘super easy’ way  Mould, and black mould to be more specific, can also be a dangerous substance for those with sensitive immune systems or respiratory conditions, so it’s important to tackle this issue soon after it arises. Studies have shown white vinegar has the properties to destroy over 80 percent of mould species - and prevent it from returning. So if a chemical cleaner isn’t for you, using this natural ingredient could very well be the optimal solution to achieving a sterile and sparkling detergent drawer. With this in mind, here’s an easy method to thoroughly clean your detergent drawer using just soap and white vinegar. Naturally, the first thing you should do before carrying out this task is to switch off the washing machine.   Next, unclip and remove the detergent drawer. When you pull out the drawer, you might notice it only comes out so far, but this can easily be removed by pressing the plastic latch underneath to unlock the drawer. Fill a bowl of warm soapy water mixed with two cups of white vinegar and soak the drawer in the solution for a few minutes. Make sure to never add bleach to this solution. Vinegar mixed with bleach can create a potentially lethal chlorine gas. While this is soaking, grab a soapy sponge and wipe the inside of the compartment where the drawer lives.  DON'T MISS:Cleaning: I tested out Mrs Hinch fans’ 75p hack to clean oven racks [INSIGHT]Cleaning tips: 'Easy way to fix mould' according to property expert [ANALYSIS]Cleaning: ‘Great way’ to banish flies from homes - works ‘instantly’ [EXPLAINED]    Make sure to pay extra attention to the top part of the compartment, as this is where a lot of soap scum and mould can gather. You can use an old toothbrush to get to the areas a little tougher to tackle. Once clean, wipe down and dry the area using a towel or dishcloth to make sure all dirt particles are removed. Now, the mould and soap scum should have loosened up in the soaking drawer, making it easier for you to wipe away the dirt with a sponge. Remember to clean the underneath of the drawer, as this can often be forgotten about and mould might still be present in the cracks.  Dry the drawer using a towel and voila, you should have a clean and sparkling detergent drawer free from mould and gunk. You should aim to clean your washing machine drawer - along with the much larger, full-scale clean of the washing machine - at least once a month. However, the more times a month the better, but aim for at least once a month minimum. There are additional things you can do to prevent a build-up, such as wiping down the drawer after use or keeping it slightly open to allow more air to enter. 