Talks over the Northern Ireland Protocol continue to stall, with London threatening to tear the agreement apart and Brussels signalling it would launch an all-out trade war if it did. Whitehall has been warned failing to take serious action, soon, could risk tearing the United Kingdom apart. The political class is today, however, preoccupied with the now-published Sue Gray report into lockdown rule breaking at Number 10. Lord Moylan claimed attempts to oust the Prime Minister in response to the report were largely based not on frustration over ‘Partygate’ but on an attempt to reverse Brexit. In a Twitter post he highlighted calls or the PM to quit coincide with him being "poised to suspend the operation of the Northern Ireland Protocol". The Tory peer described the post-Brexit deal as “the EU’s great hope for keeping the UK in permanent regulatory subjection”. It echoed comments from former Brexit Party MEP Ben Habib who recently told Express.co.uk: “[Brussels officials] have weaponised the province against the UK ever since we voted to leave. They do not care about Northern Ireland. “For them it is just a tool either to bring us to heel or break us.” Lord Moylan added that, given this context, Britons should today “expect a furious last effort by Rejoiners to oust the PM today”. He stressed that anger relating to ‘Partygate’ was, in his view, “not about lockdown”. READ MORE: 'Dangerous precedent' Uni blasted after Russian student rejected Shortly after the publication of Ms Gray’s report, the Labour Party insisted “the party is over” and told Mr Johnson to “resign”. Sir Keir Starmer added: “The door of 10 Downing Street is one of the great symbols of British democracy. A democracy which relies on the principles of honesty and integrity. “Its current inhabitant has failed to uphold these principles. DON'T MISS: Hated Brexit deal ‘could shatter UK’ [OPINION] Farage blasts those blaming conflict in Ukraine for inflation [NEWS] Britons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ [OPINION] “Boris Johnson must go.” But the Conservative Party has attempted to persuade voters it is, in fact, time to “move on” from the affair and to focus on the pressing matters of state – primarily the cost of living crisis. The pro-Brexit Bruges Group agreed that the Government must focus on other matters which risk doing lasting harm to the union. It wrote in a post on Twitter that Whitehall’s “number one priority” was to “deal with the Northern Ireland Protocol”. Liz Truss, who is leading negotiations over the Protocol for the UK, recently announced the Government was planning on introducing a law to rip up aspects of the deal. The Foreign Secretary told the House of Commons her proposed changes would help deal with the Protocol’s sticking points, including the fact it imposes checks on traded goods moving between Northern Ireland and Great Britain (from one part of the UK to another).