Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has warned his players to "treat it carefully" in what could be the final chance of reaching a Champions League final for some of them. Liverpool already have one foot in the Champions League final after a dominant 2-0 win over Villarreal last week at Anfield.  Unai Emery's side had a clear tactic of putting bodies behind the ball to frustrate Liverpool's attacking threat. And the tactic worked well in the first half as Liverpool struggled to truly test Geronimo Rulli before Jordan Henderson's cross deflected into the net at the start of the second. Sadio Mane then finished expertly after being played through by Mohamed Salah to give Liverpool a strong lead to take into the second leg. Emery has already warned Liverpool to expect a very different Villarreal side this time around in the second leg with the Spanish outfit needing to score at least twice. Liverpool will be well aware of how European nights tend to offer up dramatic comebacks. But Klopp's squad also know that they remain on the verge of history with the quadruple still very much on heading into the final few weeks of the season.  The next task is getting past Villarreal to reach their third major final of the season. Klopp has already taken Liverpool to two Champions League finals in his six-and-a-half years at the club. But for many involved in football, players rarely even get the chance to feature in one throughout their career. And the Liverpool boss has warned his players to make the most of their opportunity tomorrow night. "You never know if we'll get another chance in a semi-final," Klopp said. "We have an exceptional team and nothing is for granted. "You need luck in moments and all these kind of things so you had better treat it carefully and be ready but we will. If Villarreal is better than us and beats us with a result, congratulations and that's it."  Roberto Firmino is the only injury concern in Liverpool's squad with Klopp confirming the forward won't feature against Villarreal. Klopp was able to rest a number of his regular starters against Newcastle on Saturday with Mohamed Salah, Thiago, Fabinho and Trent Alexander-Arnold named on the bench. All but Alexander-Arnold came on in the latter stages of the game, but also avoided any injuries to rule them out against Villarreal. Emery meanwhile should be able to call upon Gerard Moreno, who missed the first leg at Anfield last week. The 30-year-old has since returned to training this week and Emery confirmed the striker will feature on Tuesday evening. "Gerard Moreno will surely be able to play tomorrow," Emery said. "Tomorrow we will do the last training session. It is true that today Gerard has trained with the group and we will see tomorrow to what extent he feels good tomorro. We do not take any risks with him." 