Liverpool hero Jamie Carragher has revealed that his family were tear gassed as they left the Stade de France on Saturday evening after the Reds had lost 1-0 to Real Madrid in the Champions League final. And the ex-defender has blamed UEFA after Europe’s showpiece event was marred by chaotic scenes in Paris as the start of the match was delayed by over half an hour. “Tough one to take last night but credit to Real Madrid, their name was on the cup after the CL run they’ve been on,” Carragher wrote on Twitter on Sunday morning. “@LFC have lost 4/63 this season so you can’t really ask for much more than that. Friends & family tear gassed on the way out, shocking set up @UEFA.” Tear gas, pepper spray, batons and shields were used by the French police to disperse supporters ahead of kick-off as Liverpool fans struggled to get into the stadium. UEFA blamed the trouble on supporters attempting to gain entry with “fake” tickets. But there were more horrendous scenes after the game had come to an end and fans had left the stadium. Liverpool endured a disappointing night on the pitch as they failed to find a way past Real Madrid’s inspired goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois. The ex-Chelsea ace kept out a whole host of efforts from Mohamed Salah and also tipped an attempt from Sadio Mane onto the post. READ MORE: Gary Neville fires shots at BT Sport over handling of Champions League fiasco And the Spanish giants scored the winner just before the hour mark as striker Vinicius Junior turned in Federico Valverde’s cross after finding himself unmarked at the back post. Match of the Day presenter Gary Lineker, who was at the Stade de France for the encounter, also slammed the event’s organisation in a series of Twitter posts and called out UEFA for blaming fans. “Finding it impossible to get in the ground,” the former England striker wrote on Saturday evening. “This appears to be very dangerous. Absolute carnage. “I’m not sure it’s possible to have a more poorly organised event if you tried. Absolutely shambolic and dangerous. @UEFAcom. They’ve just announced another 15-minute delay 'because of the late arrival of fans'. Utter bull****.” DON'T MISS Four worst Liverpool players in Champions League defeat against Madrid Liverpool demand probe into chaotic Champions League final scenes Madrid will be 'going bananas' as Ferdinand and Owen react to VAR call     And following the match, Liverpool released a statement as they called for an investigation. “We are hugely disappointed at the stadium entry issues and breakdown of the security perimeter that Liverpool fans faced this evening at Stade de France,” the statement read. “This is the greatest match in European football and supporters should not have to experience the scenes we have witnessed tonight. We have officially requested a formal investigation into the causes of these unacceptable issues.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here