Liverpool forward Sadio Mane will not push to join Bayern Munich this summer and could end up signing a new and improved deal at Anfield over the coming months, according to reports. Mane has recently been linked with a post-season move to Bayern, who are said to be keen on bringing the 30-year-old to the Allianz Arena before the start of the new campaign. Reports in Germany have claimed that Bayern chiefs have already opened talks with Mane's entourage in order to gauge his interest in a potential move to the Bundesliga in the not-too-distant future. However, the Liverpool man remains happy with his current employers and 'won't agitate' to leave the club in the upcoming summer transfer window, according to 90min.It is said that Mane is not looking to force a change of scenery over the next few months and will instead continue to negotiate an extension to his current deal at Liverpool. The Senegalese winger is thought to be holding out for a weekly salary of around £300,000 in order to commit his long-term future to the Reds, a figure that would see him emerge as the club's highest-paid squad member.Liverpool are said to be confident that Mane will eventually agree fresh terms at Anfield, with those in power hoping that he will officially put pen to paper over the summer. Jurgen Klopp has been building for the future in attack over the last few transfer windows by securing moves for the likes of Diogo Jota and Luis Diaz, but the German coach will be desperate to keep Mane around for the time being in order to prepare for a renewed Premier League title challenge at the next time of asking. JUST IN: Erik ten Hag 'unimpressed' with Man Utd as he orders stars back early Mane has enjoyed another strong season with Liverpool over the last nine months, scoring 21 goals in 47 appearances since the beginning of the campaign. He is only tied down until the summer of 2023 but it seems as though an extension could soon be on the cards if the Reds decide to meet his lucrative salary demands in the near future.However, it remains to be seen whether a compromise will ultimately be reached between the two parties, with Mohamed Salah also in the process of negotiating an expensive new deal to extend his stay at the club. Former Premier Legaue striker Gabriel Agbonlahor recently insisted that Liverpool must do everything in their power to keep Mane on their books for the foreseeable future as a result of his imperious form over the course of this season. "Mane’s been outstanding, sometimes he can be hot and cold but recently he’s been very hot," Agbonlahor told Football Insider last month."It just shows that he can play in any role in that front three. He’s playing as a centre-forward at the moment and is doing a great job, he’s got movement, holding the ball up, running in behind."Whoever is sorting out the contracts at Liverpool is going to have a headache. Mane’s price is going up and up with these performances." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here