Putin attended the plenary session of the First Eurasian Economic Forum, an annual business event of the Eurasian Economic Union (EAEU) concentrating on economic and commercial issues and is this year being held in the Kyrgyzstani capital Bishkek. The leader joined representatives from Armenia, Belarus, Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan via video link. The EAEU's conference saw a seemingly confident Putin shrug off the impact of sanctions imposed by the West on Russia in response to its invasion of Ukraine. He said: "We are not going to cut ourselves off. "They are trying to squeeze us out. But in the contemporary world, it is simply unrealistic, impossible. "If we don't separate ourselves with some sort of a wall, no one will be able to isolate such a country as Russia." Ukraine LIVE: Lukashenko threatens 'full-scale world war' in attack against West Nearly 50 countries have issued sanctions on Moscow, including freezing or nationalising assets of Russian companies and individuals. The European Union, which has so far frozen €10billion in physical assets and more than €20bn in bank accounts of Russian oligarchs, has gone as far as to propose making the evasion of sanctions against the Kremlin a criminal offence. The EU Commission said in a statement on Wednesday: "Today's proposals aim to ensure that the assets of individuals and entities that violate the restrictive measures can be effectively confiscated in the future." The new law, which has to be unanimously approved by all EU governments and get a majority in the European Parliament, would also penalise those who help break sanctions, like lawyers or bankers working with those who circumvent restrictions. The bloc's move, just a day before the EAEU's meeting, is thought to have fuelled Putin's emphasis on talking down sanctions. He continued: "Violating the rules and norms of international finance and trade doesn't lead to anything good. This will only create problems for those doing it." Alluding to private businesses that have decided to halt operations or permanently leave Russia, Putin added: "Some partners from Europe have said they will leave. "Well, in some cases, maybe one looks at them and says thank God they are leaving, we will take their niche." Parkinson's disease, dementia and blood cancer have all been linked to Putin by observers who assure something is wrong with the President. One of the latest reports of illness came from an anonymous former high-ranking Kremlin military figure, whom national media outlet General SVR quoted as saying Putin has both cancer and Parkinson's disease. They said: "Putin has discussed that he will be undergoing medical procedures. "We know very well that he has cancer, and Parkinson's disease, as we have said many times. "It was possible to contain it for some time, but now the course of the disease is progressing."