Drivers over the age of 60 have hit back at recent criticism and calls for them to be banned or forced to take mandatory retests. In response to the calls, many older motorists have pointed out the danger posed by those under 21. In the past few weeks there have been several instances of elderly drivers coming under fire, not least when Express.co.uk reported on half of Brits saying they would ban anyone over 70 from the roads. But experienced motorists have responded with anger and feel that it’s actually younger drivers who should be more tightly regulated. A recent study found that almost half of Brits (49 percent) think older drivers should be banned from the roads. And a staggering 69 percent think older drivers should have to retake their driving test. READ MORE: Sadiq Khan plans to 'punish drivers' by expanding ULEZ across London In response, elderly drivers flocked to the Express.co.uk comment section to have their say. ‘KateN’ didn’t hold back, saying: “Personally I think all drivers under 25 should be supervised!” ‘Scepticius’ agreed, writing: “Maybe they should take a look at the under 25 boy racers? Any stats available on numbers of accident involvement?” ‘Haroldsdad’ added: “Evidence please supporting this? Who has the agenda for punishing older drivers?” DON'T MISSDrivers will regret choosing hybrids over electric cars [WARNING]Driver fined £100 for staying in car park for just four minutes [SHOCKING]Drivers 'need support' after huge diesel law changes as costs spike [INSIGHT] ‘Uktink’ wrote: “I am all for banning the worst drivers on the roads. It would not be the elderly. Look at the statistics they are some of the safest. 18 - 25 come out on top.” ‘Farquharj’ added: “I passed my test when I was 17. I drove an assorted amount of vehicles whilst I was in RCT right up to class one driving tank porters. (sic) “When I left I drove long distance lorries. I am now 74 I've never been prosecuted by the police in all these years In many different countries which I have driven in. “I suggest you look to the younger generation who use the roads as race tracks.” Meanwhile, ‘Yorkshire truth’ commented: “Who the hell do they think they are..? “It's the younger driver's who cause most accidents, stop picking on elderly people. “21 should be the age you get a provisional licence, and then they should be regulated more.” “Personally I find older drivers are better than younger drivers,” added ‘Smive96’. “Take the speedy idiots off the road if you're going to punish someone.” ‘Just get WTO done’ added: “Why the heck should a driver like me who regularly drove in excess of 30000 business miles plus about 5000 holiday miles every year for 22 years and who has driven without even a minor bump for 52 years have my licence removed. “I have proven my reliability on the road. How much driving experience have the muppets that want us banned actually have because if it doesn't match mine they are not qualified to comment.” ‘Dump truck’ added: “I’m 70 and I can out perform most youngsters driving so stop picking on older drivers.” And ‘Plugbody’ spoke for many, writing: “Everyone has an opinion, heres mine, NO ONE SHOULD BE ALLOWED TO DRIVE UNTIL THEY REACH 21.,WHEN THEY MAY HAVE LEARNT SOME SENSE.”