True, the Conservative Party has suffered losses in this election but nothing more than mid-term blues experienced by most governments. And hardly surprising when you consider that we are going through a cost-of-living crisis, are recovering from the pandemic and our problems are being made worse by a war in Ukraine of Russia’s making. Of course, Mr Johnson’s opponents believed that it would be so-called Partygate – lockdown breaking parties in Downing Street – that would do for the Prime Minister. But the voters seem to have moved on. They may though not move on from the apparent hypocrisy of Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer who for months has been demanding the Prime Minister’s removal for getting a fine, yet now faces a police investigation himself. It seems hard to believe that nine minutes in the same room as uneaten cake is worse than feasting on more than £200 of curry, being misleading about who was there and washing the food down with beer. Starmer by his own terms if fined will be unfit to be prime minister. His party may reflect that his failure to make much of a dent outside London is even more of a reason to remove him. ---------- In her 70-year reign the Queen has had to make some difficult decisions, some public and others private. One of those decisions has been to not have Prince Andrew or Prince Harry on the Buckingham Palace balcony with her for the Jubilee celebrations. It is though perfectly understandable and one which reflects the enormity of a Platinum Jubilee and the Queen’s contribution to this great country. The event is about her and does not need the distraction of scandal with one Prince and a family argument with the other. She is right to just narrow it down to working royals, the ones who are making contributions with her. ---------- When the Daily Express started the campaign for the NHS to pay for life-saving drugs for cystic fibrosis sufferers, Nicole Adams, who was dying, vowed that if she could get the treatment and survive she would make the most of the gift of life and start a family. The miracle pill saved her life and now Nicole is expecting a baby. It proves the old adage that we should look at the value of what we do and not the price. Congratulations to Nicole. When the Daily Express started the campaign for the NHS to pay for life saving drugs for cystic fibrosis sufferers, Nicole Adams, who was dying, vowed that if she could get the treatment and survive she would make the most of the gift of life and start a family. The miracle pill saved her life and now Nicole is expecting a baby. It proves the old adage that we should look at the value of what we do and not the price. Congratulations to Nicole.