On Thursday the Duchess of Sussex went to the community centre to honour victims of the tragic school shooting that killed 21 people, including 19 children. On May 24, 2022, 18-year-old Salvador Rolando Ramos fatally shot nineteen children and two teachers at Robb Elementary School in Uvalde, Texas. He also wounded seventeen other people before being shot by the United States Border Patrol Tactical Unit.  The horrific incident is the third-deadliest American school shooting, after the Virginia Tech shooting in 2007 and the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting in 2012. The Duchess of Sussex reportedly entered the back entrance of Herby Ham Activity Centre to deliver two crates of food, beverages, and desserts for blood donors. Speaking to BuzzFeed News, volunteer Gloria Contreras said: "I had no idea who she was. "She just was carrying on a conversation like her and I knew each other for years. JUST IN: Meghan's recent appearances spark claims that Sussexes are in trouble  "We were just talking about, you know, the situation and what happened. "I told her about us giving out water to the people and feeding them." Ms Contreras added: "I even talked about my personal life, telling her about my son and my family. "We were talking about Texas and Uvalde and how it is to be in a small town and how everybody is so kind and warm-hearted." Another volunteer called Georjean Burnwell also spoke to BuzzFeed and said: "She just kind of walked in with her security crew. DON'T MISS: Harry and Meghan facing Spotify 'pressure' to break 'promise to Queen' [INSIGHT]Vladimir Putin left reeling after Ukraine wipe out Russian supply base [VIDEO]Boris’s fighting spirit is what we need now [COMMENT]   "Then she started putting ice waters in the bucket with us and laying out chips for the people who were needing snacks before and after donating." "It's funny, we didn’t even know it was her until after she left and now we're so sad. "I mean, to be honest, we thought she was our neighbour." After the shooting, a wider discussion has ensued about American gun culture. There has been a growing call for the renewal of an assault weapons federal ban. 