The proposal is intended to help 2.5 million low-income families buy their own property at a significant discount, giving them the chance to enter the over-priced property market. Homeownership is the best engine for social mobility and Thatcher gained enormous political support for this very practical helping hand to hardpressed families first introduced in 1980. So much so that New Labour kept the policy going during their years in power. Faced with blame for the current cost-of-living crisis, Boris is no doubt hoping some of this electoral gold dust will rub off on him in time for the local elections tomorrow. And faced with a drubbing at the polls, a dismal performance will make him vulnerable to a leadership challenge. An Express opinion poll made it clear that Partygate is at the bottom of their list of concerns. Bad behaviour is factored into Boris’s character by most voters, but it is unforgivable that he should betray the working men and women who shifted their allegiance from Labour to Tory. Brexit has delivered precious few benefits so far and the Conservative reputation for economic competence has been shattered by the worst cost-of living crisis since the dire 1970s torpedoed the Labour Party. In this context, an echo of the glory days of Margaret Thatcher is to be welcomed, as she did more to improve the lives of working people than socialism ever did. An embarrassing truth that forever made her a hate figure of the Left. If Boris is ever going to match her three-term premiership, he needs to start channelling her simple philosophy: giving power and money back to working people, shrinking the size of the state, cutting taxes and giving everyone an incentive to work hard. Wittering on about green energy is only encouraging bigger government and leaving less money in everyone’s pockets as the real cost of not using our own oil, gas and coal hits home. According to the recent Express poll, it is the sky-high cost of living that is the number one issue for 72 per cent of voters and Boris should pull every lever he can to reassure themhe is aware of their pain and back in charge of doing something about it. 