Sky F1 commentator Martin Brundle believes Mercedes could ‘unleash’ their reformed W13 as Lewis Hamilton and George Russell look to put their early season struggles behind them at the Monaco Grand Prix this weekend. The Silver Arrows appeared in improved fettle in Barcelona last weekend, with Russell securing P3 while Hamilton claimed P5. It’s hardly been a dream campaign for Hamilton, whose hopes of securing a historic eighth world championship are fading fast. The Brit, who is level with Michael Schumacher on seven titles, finds himself lying in sixth in the Drivers’ Standings - 64 points behind Red Bull’s Max Verstappen, who leads the championship. Mercedes have struggled with severe porpoising this season, and neither Hamilton nor teammate Russell have been able to truly compete with the likes of Ferrari and Red Bull. However, it appeared Mercedes cracked the issue at the Spanish Grand Prix last weekend. Russell was able to successfully duel and fend off Verstappen in parts at Barcelona en route to another podium. Hamilton enjoyed a fine race himself, although P4 was snatched from him as Ferrari’s Carlos Sainz completed a late overtake. READ MORE: Christian Horner likens Toto Wolff rivalry to Verstappen and Hamilton As a result, Brundle believes the octuple world champions have overcome the worst of the porpoising issues that plagued the start of their season. Mercedes’ cars were bouncing uncontrollably which limited their ability to remain competitive, but Monaco could prove to be a different story. “I think the whole Mercedes team will [take a lot of heart from Barcelona] frankly because they've been struggling with the bouncing and the porpoising,” Brundle said on Sky F1. “They look like they've got on top of that. DON'T MISSF2 star in big crash at Monaco Grand Prix showing dangers Esteban Ocon fires F1 title warning to Hamilton, Verstapp and LeclercGeorge Russell fears Lewis Hamilton will 'unleash anger' “Now they can start work and really unleash the potential of what is a very compact and nice-looking racing car. Whether it happens here or a little bit later on in the season, I think Mercedes have got a direction finally and I expect them to take that direction quickly.” Russell has fared slightly better than his iconic partner, and is the only driver to finish in the top five of each of the first six races of 2022 to find himself 28 points clear of Hamilton. The 22-race F1 2022 campaign - which is expected to return to a record 23 races in the near future once a Russian Grand Prix replacement is found - continues with the Monaco Grand Prix in Monte-Carlo on May 29.