As for the culture, flying the Union Jack or singing God Save the Queen should be celebrated, not cursed. And being proud of your country is perfectly fine as long as you have something to be proud of (North Korea and Cuba not withstanding). So let me say from this platform what too many have stopped saying across these green and pleasant lands. Great Britain is a great country, full stop. No explanations. No justifications. No excuses. And the politicians on the Left or Right who seek to stoke the woke or exploit existing divisions for political gain are not serving the public good. And for that, we are all to blame. All of us. The Right has demonstrated insufficient compassion for those at the bottom of the economic ladder who don’t see a way up. The Left only sees victimization, playing the blame game rather than promoting personal responsibility and agency. And the disappearing centre is simply ignored or forgotten altogether. In America, the result was a wake-up call none of us will ever forget. What happened at the US Capitol on January 6 was impossible … until it wasn’t. A dishonest president sent the mob marching, and so they went. And thanks to social media, it takes nano-seconds for what happens in Washington to be seen and heard at Westminster.  We all know about the damage done by toxic, dishonest populism. Even today, more than a third of Republicans, which is about one out of six Americans, still believe Donald Trump is the legitimate President. They are factually incorrect, but they believe they are right, and righteous, and that makes them dangerous. Wokeness is certainly more prevalent in the US because, quite frankly, the US has a much more heterogenous society with a more troubling history of racial conflict. It’s here, though, slowly and steadily metastasizing, just like it did in my country. It is like coronavirus, impacting different people in different ways, only there’s no known antidote. As a pollster, my job is not just to measure the present. It is to try and see the future with clear eyes … and then inform and enable people to control it. At its core, woke is an ideology that classifies us into tribes and disrespects our individuality. It goes by different names: wokeism, political correctness, cancel culture – but the impact is the same. It judges us not for our actions but for the actions (and inactions) of our ancestors. It seeks to demonize our ancestral traits to create the perception that our history, our economy, and our society have been built on - and are defined by – exploitation, grievance, and victimization. It makes entire groups of people co-conspirators in crimes committed generations or even centuries ago.  To me, walking through your capital city, and observing the astonishing buildings - some of them older than my entire country – still fills me with awe and reverence. It brought to life one of my favourite professor’s admonitions: “Don’t look down. Look up.” But through the eyes of the woke community, one would never see the majestic beauty of British architecture – or the staggering accomplishments of your society. They bury their heads in shame because they believe these buildings exist only because of the wealth stolen from other countries by imperialism and greed. In their view, our founding sin was slavery. Yours was the British Empire that facilitated that slavery. That may seem like ancient history, but not to the woke. Fully 37 percent of the UK believes the UK is “institutionally racist” today. Right now. In the US, it started in the schools. Instead of teaching practical, applicable skills, our kids are being taught to be social activists. Every week, another school district does away with standardized tests in reading or maths or science, explaining that they are vestiges of racism or white supremacy. Our universities are doing the same with their admissions. And they dump the advanced classes for the next generation of doctors, teachers, scientists and engineers because being “excellent” at something is emotionally damaging to those who aren’t.  Instead of tolerance, too many are taught resentment. And when universities seek to understand why American kids cannot do simple maths, or when employers seek to address why entry-level employees can’t read or follow simple instructions, or why students from China, Korea, and Japan are passing us by, the statistical evidence has been eliminated. No data equals no accountability. No fingerprints means no one is to blame. The tragedy is in how we are doing this to ourselves. *Dr Frank Luntz is a US pollster and political commentator, and a Visiting Academic Fellow at the Centre for Policy Studies. He delivered the annual Sir Keith Joseph Memorial Lecture on May 16 of which the above is an excerpt. 