Former Celtic star Frank McAvennie believes that current manager Ange Postecoglou does not like Christopher Jullien and thinks that the French defender will leave the club this summer. After suffering a knee injury that kept him out of action for 18 months, Jullien has hardly seen any game time since returning in the second half of the season. Jullien cost Celtic £7million in 2019, but the Australian manager has preferred to use Cameron Carter-Vickers and Carl Starfelt as his centre-back pairing this season. Speaking to Football Insider, McAvennie said: “It’s clear that Ange doesn’t like him. There were so many games to play last season and he never got a look in, that tells me he’s pretty much finished at Celtic. “[Cameron] Carter-Vickers and [Carl] Starfelt played every game. I think one of them needs a big, powerful defender to partner them at the back and you would think Jullien fits that mould. “But he hasn’t played and it doesn’t sound like he’s injured again so Ange clearly doesn’t like him as a player. I expect he will leave this summer because Ange won’t keep anyone who isn’t contributing.” McAvennie, who made 85 appearances and scored 37 goals during two spells at Celtic between 1987 and 1994, believes Jullien will depart Celtic Park after making just 37 appearances in three years. Jullien was limited to just one Scottish Cup appearance all season, as he came on as a 74th-minute substitute for Carter-Vickers in Celtic’s 4-0 win over Raith Rovers in the fifth round. The French defender’s contract expires in 2023, and this summer is likely to be the last chance Celtic have of recouping some of the £7million they spent on Jullien. They will hope to bring in a fee to boost their transfer options this summer, as Postecoglou has eyed a double swoop for two Manchester City youngsters. Celtic have a strong relationship with Pep Guardiola’s club, having done deals for Patrick Roberts, Dedryck Boyata, Jason Denayer and Olivier Ntcham in the past. Express Sport has looked at four City stars of the future that could join the Scottish giants this summer. Postecoglou is likely to have a greater influence on Celtic’s summer spending this year, after the success of several players who joined the manager from the J-League last summer. Celtic claimed the title back from Rangers after their cross-city rivals halted their unprecedented streak of ten titles in a row under Steven Gerrard. The Australian manager has been hailed by the Celtic fans, who enjoyed his speech after sealing the Scottish Premiership title with a 6-0 victory over Motherwell which ensured Celtic finished four points ahead of Rangers.