Tottenham are keen on signing Everton and England goalkeeper Jordan Pickford, according to reports. Everton are considering cashing in on the 28-year-old even if they avoid relegation from the Premier League. Spurs captain Hugo Lloris only signed a new two-and-a-half-year contract at the club in January to keep him in north London until 2024. But interest in Pickford must raise doubts over the future of the France star. Pickford put in a man of the match display as Everton picked up a crucial 1-0 win over Chelsea last Sunday. But despite that performance, talkSPORT claims Toffees boss Frank Lampard is contemplating selling the former Sunderland ace to raise funds for his summer rebuild. Tottenham and Newcastle are both tracking Pickford's situation. However, the goalkeeper's affiliation to Sunderland makes a move to St James' Park difficult. READ MORE: Chelsea tipped to sign 'new Varane' as Antonio Rudiger replacement  Pickford will attempt to leave Goodison Park if his side do drop down to the Championship. He wants to preserve his spot as England No 1 ahead of the World Cup in Qatar later this year. But he could still move on even if Everton maintain their top-flight status. Pickford joined the Toffees from the Black Cats in 2017 for a fee of around £25million. The same report claims he is one of the club's most saleable assets. His contract at Everton expires in the summer of 2024. DON'T MISSNapoli star Osimhen 'chooses' between Arsenal and Manchester United transfer [GOSSIP]Liverpool's five-year plan under Klopp complete after 'comedic' Tottenham show [COMMENT]Man Utd's price tag for Marcus Rashford exit speaks volumes about him [OPINION]  Spurs are unlikely to sign Pierluigi Gollini on a permanent deal after this season. The Italian goalkeeper joined on loan from Atalanta last summer with an option to buy. But the 27-year-old is expected to return to the Serie A club at the end of the season. Spurs will therefore be in need of at least one goalkeeper this summer. Pickford's England ambitions means he would unlikely settle for being No 2 behind Lloris. His arrival at Spurs would throw Lloris' future in doubt just months after his new contract.  Meanwhile, Newcastle have been linked with a host of goalkeepers since their Saudi Arabian-backed takeover. Manchester United's Dean Henderson and Arsenal's Bernd Leno have both been reported targets. Pickford was born in Sunderland and spent 15 years at the club from the age of eight. Despite that rivalry, former England midfielder Danny Murphy believes the Magpies would be a good destination for the goalkeeper. When asked which team Pickford could join if Everton were relegated this summer, Murphy told talkSPORT: “Newcastle. Straight away, there's one." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 