Abi Phillips, 28, has taken to social media to open up about her shock cancer diagnosis. Abi is best known for playing Liberty Savage on Channel 4’s Hollyoaks. She took on the role of Liberty's character between 2010 and 2013. On Monday, the Hollyoaks star surprised fans when she posted a photo of herself wearing a hospital gown on Instagram. She posted an additional photo of herself with a bandage covering her throat, which had been placed there post-surgery. The actress captioned the images: “So, I took these pictures before my scans and after my biopsy having a good old laugh about how ridiculously dressed up I looked in the hospital before a gig, not expecting for one moment to get the news that I did two weeks later.” READ MORE: Meghan Markle's 'main issue' pointed out by Karren Brady She added: “I'd previously been sent away from the doctors after having found two lumps in my neck, they'd passed it off and said I was 'young' and it wouldn't be anything and I was 'probably getting over a cold' or my body was 'fighting something off'. “As much as that's what I wanted to hear, I wanted to get everything checked for my own peace of mind.” Abi also revealed that it was Love Island star Demi Jones’ posts, where she raised awareness in terms of checking for lumps, which encouraged her to visit a specialist. Abi said: “I booked in with a specialist and immediately she told me she was very concerned due to where my lumps were located and referred me for an urgent biopsy and scans.” Abi encouraged her followers to check any unusual lumps they may have. She said: “Fast forward two weeks and just before Easter weekend I had an appointment to see a consultant at the QE hospital who sat me down and told me that I had been diagnosed with thyroid cancer, and that I would need surgery and radiotherapy treatment. "I never thought I would be told that I have cancer at the age of 28, you never think it's going to happen to you. "I wouldn't have taken things further with seeing a specialist if I hadn't seen @demijones1 post as her lumps were in the exact same place as mine." Abi advised her social media followers: “If ever you find a lump or something unusual on your body, never just think it's nothing, don't be told that you're fine by the GP and you're 'young', always get things checked out by a specialist if you can and insist on tests even if it turns out to be nothing, as catching things early is crucial for a good prognosis. DON'T MISS:Monty Don sparks frenzy as he announces 'perfect' new family arrival [UPDATE]BBC's Deborah James bids farewell as she moves to hospice at home care [LATEST]Alan Sugar brands Johnny Depp 'nutter’ and insults Amber Heard [COMMENT] “This time next week I'll be on the road to recovery after my operation.” Abi’s Instagram followers left her messages of support and well wishes. Jazzminletitia wrote: “Sending all my love your way. Best of wishes for a speedy recovery.” While Emilydoylegibbons commented: “Sending you so much love.” Athena_brookex said: “You are so brave, love you loads! X.” Abi is also a singer and released her first single over 10 years ago. She appeared on The Voice UK in 2017.