Convicted Milly Dowler serial killer Levi Bellfield has filed a request to marry a woman he has reportedly been writing to and meeting while behind bars. But Carole Malone slammed the possibility of the notorious killer being able to wed while incarcerated. In a debate on criminal justice issue with broadcaster Jeremy Vine as part of his Channel 5 show, she said: "It's outrageous, it's outrageous that this relationship has been allowed to flourish in jail."     She added: "He’s been boasting that he has a fiancée in jail. "It’s outrageous that he is getting to live a life when Milly Dowler will never get to live a life thanks to him." Mr Vine said: "We should mention Amélie Delagrange and Marsha McDonnell, the two other victims, as well." Levi Bellfield was convicted of murdering teenager Milly Dowler as well as the vicous killings of Amélie Delagrange and Marsha McDonnell in the following years.     Ms Malone continued: "Also, he’s admitted to inmates in jail that he killed Lin Russell and Megan, it's not been proved, but he’s admitted he did that. "If this man gets one crumb of comfort from this relationship, it's one crumb too many - he shouldn't be allowed anything. "The whole point of him being thrown in jail is that he should be denied all rights because of what he did. "He’s getting to live in jail, what appears to look like, a normal life." Read more: Priti Patel accuses Labour MPs of 'defending murderers'   Mr Bellfield is currently serving two life sentences for the appalling murders of the three young women. Ms Malone also highlighted allegations the serial killer had confessed to further murders during his time in prison, though he has not been formally charged. Under Article 12 of the Human Rights Act, despite his despicable crimes, Mr Bellfield retains the right to apply to and, if permitted, marry. Justice Minister Victoria Atkins said the situation was "absolutely appalling." Don't miss:Woman knifed in broad daylight attack – Schoolboy arrested [REPORT]Twelve police cars swoop on funeral wake to arrest three men [REVEAL]Sentencing of disgusting paedophile halted after judge's omission [INSIGHT]  Speaking on Sky News, Ms Atkins said: "I have ordered an immediate review into this. "I understand an application has been made that has not been decided yet and he most certainly has not married yet." Ms Atkins reiterated the Article 12 rights held by the convicted murderer and welcomed debate surrounding the Conservative proposed Bill of Rights. If successful, the Bill of Rights would replace the existing Human Rights Act in an effort to address inflations or abuses of existing rights.  