Elvis Presley and Priscilla Presley got married on May 1, 1967, in Las Vegas, Nevada. The couple's wedding was attended by their closest family and friends in secret. They had a four-tiered cake and he wore a black paisley suit that complemented his iconic bouffant hairstyle. Exactly nine months later, Priscilla gave birth to their child, Lisa Marie Presley, on February 1, 1968. But then things drastically changed for the couple. Sex between Elvis and Priscilla soon stopped. Remembering her ex-husband in her book, Elvis and Me, Priscilla recalled the star saying he would not have sex with a woman who had given birth. She wrote: "[Elvis] had mentioned to me before we were married that he had never been able to make love to a woman who had a child." And he kept to his word. They stopped being intimate, and Priscilla soon began to blame herself. Priscilla wrote: "I [was] beginning to doubt my own sexuality as a woman." She even added: "My physical and emotional needs were unfulfilled." This was similar in a sense to how they were before their marriage. Long before they got hitched, Elvis refused to have sex with Priscilla until they had tied the knot. At one point Priscilla recalled "begging" him to have sex with her. READ MORE: Elvis Presley's boss 'nearly swallowed a cigar' after fling with girl Priscilla wrote: "For the last time I begged him to consummate our love. It would have been so easy for him. I was young, vulnerable, desperately in love and he could have taken complete advantage of me." Instead, he responded: "No. Someday we will, Priscilla, but not now. You’re just too young." Before Priscilla gave birth, however, this was a drastic change of pace in the King's sex life. The young woman recalled having a "passionate" and "adventurous" relationship after their marriage. DON'T MISS...Elvis sobbed before his wedding 'I have no choice' [INFO]Elvis Presley's boss 'nearly swallowed a cigar' after fling with girl [INSIGHT]Elvis ex Linda Thompson shares touching message with Lisa Marie [NEWS] Priscilla wrote: "Ordinary thrills sometimes were not enough [for Elvis], especially when he was under the influence of powerful drugs." Sonny West, Elvis' longtime friend, later wrote about the King's proclivities in his book Elvis: Still Taking Care of Business. And he suggested that Elvis was, perhaps, going elsewhere for his thrills. Sonny wrote: "It didn’t come easy for Elvis to be a committed husband. Elvis viewed her as a mother first and a wife second, and he had hang-ups about making love with her." What's more, Sonny noted that Elvis' relationship with his mother, Gladys Presley, may have had something to do with it. Elvis was extremely close to his mother, who died almost a decade earlier on August 14, 1958. The King was devastated by this loss and reportedly wept for days. Sonny said: "[Gladys] gave him so much love and attention when he was growing up that he came to put all mothers on a special pedestal." And, because of this, Elvis would not even dream of being with a mother in that way. Sonny wrote: "The idea of sex with a mother was, to Elvis, out of the question.” SOURCE