Mr Morrison fell on top of him while playing soccer at an election campaign event on Wednesday, before quickly rolling over and checking on the child, television footage showed. The boy got up and exchanged a high-five with Morrison, the footage showed. The moment has been likened to when Boris Johnson knocked a boy over in rugby in 2015. The then-mayor of London fell into a 10-year-old schoolboy during a game of street rugby in Tokyo, Japan. Toki Sekiguchi hit the ground and suffered some pain but was soon up and running again after a brisk handshake from the mayor of London. Last week, Mr Morrison said he had been a "bit of bulldozer" as his unpopularity became an election issue. "No one is safe from the bulldozer," Labour politician and campaign spokesman Jason Clare said on Twitter with a link to the footage. READ MORE: Sweden building military defences Opinion polls show Morrison's conservative coalition trailing the Labor opposition ahead of the general election on Saturday, though the margin has narrowed this week. It comes as Mr Morrison announced a housing policy on Sunday aimed at boosting homeownership and curbing high prices, as his government lags the opposition Labour Party days before a general election. Australians will vote for a government on Saturday, with recent polls showing Morrison's Liberal-National coalition on track to lose to centre-left Labor, which would end nine years of conservative government. Morrison's Liberal Party formally launched its campaign in Brisbane on Sunday, with Morrison detailing the housing policy at the event in a last-ditch appeal to voters. "This will increase the opportunity for people to downsize, and increase the supply of family housing stock in the market,'' Morrison said. The policy aims to encourage older Australians to sell their family property, Morrison said. It would enable those aged over 55 to sell a home and invest up to A$300,000 ($200,000) in a superannuation fund outside existing caps. The policy is an effort to put downward pressure on high house prices in an election campaign that has been dominated by cost-of-living concerns, national security, and climate change. DON'T MISS Chinese minister's visit to Solomon Islands raises naval base fears [INSIGHT]British expats will face ‘shock’ moving to Australia [ANALYSIS]Scott Morrison blunder as PM ‘misunderstood’ question [VIDEO] Morrison said a re-elected coalition government would allow first home buyers to use a "responsible portion" of their superannuation savings to buy a house, calling it "a game-changer" for thousands of families. Labour leader Anthony Albanese backed the housing initiative for older Australians, describing it as a "modest announcement". But the opposition criticised the first home buyer proposal, with Labour campaign spokesperson Jason Clare saying it would lead to even higher house prices. Labour said that if it won government it would spend A$1 billion on advanced manufacturing to boost jobs and diversify the country's industrial base.