NHS prescription charges typically increase in line with average inflation each year. However, the Government has now confirmed prescription costs will remain the same. It is hoped the move will ease cost of living pressures and ensure medication remains accessible to all. Sajid Javid, Health and Social Care Secretary, said: “The rise in the cost of living has been unavoidable as we face global challenges and the repercussions of Putin’s illegal war in Ukraine. “While we cannot completely prevent these rises, where we can help, we absolutely will. “This is why I am freezing prescription charges to help ease some of these pressures and put money back in people’s pockets.” READ MORE: Martin Lewis explains how to turn £800 into £5,500 state pension At present, the charge for prescriptions has been held at £9.35 for a single item. However, Express.co.uk readers have hit back at the prescriptions charge for those in England. Some have suggested it is unfair those in England have to pay while the devolved nations of the UK get theirs without charge. User BilboHairyfeet said: “Big deal! It should be a flat rate of five pounds per script, however many items. DON'T MISSPensioner, 67, ‘fast forwards’ inheritance plans for children [INSIGHT]State pension alert as some may get ‘higher’ sum than full new amount [EXPLAINED]State pensioners ‘in poverty’ due to where they live [ANALYSIS] “People have already paid for it once. I love the way Tories freeze our own money then make out they are doing us a favour.” FaerieQueene remarked: “Only affects England, doesn’t it? “Nothing like paying for prescriptions so that the rest of the UK can have their freebies. Makes me angry!” While GavsRules added: “Absolute rubbish. Not increasing something is not putting money back in your pocket if it never came out of it. “No doubt he still had plans to cancel free prescriptions to over 60s.” The price of a three month prescription prepayment certificate will also remain the same at £30.25. The Government states the freeze means people in England who pay prescription charges will save £17million overall. Britons have also been pointed towards the NHS low income scheme. The program helps people with prescription payments if they have limited funds. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Free prescriptions are also available to a host of other groups dependent on circumstances. This includes over 60s, students, recipients of state benefits, and individuals living in care homes. At present, a consultation is taking place to determine whether the free prescription age of 60 should increase. If successful, it would mean aligning the eligibility age with state pension age. As a result, older Britons may have to wait an additional six years for a free prescription. A Department of Health and Social Care spokesperson said: “Around 90 percent of community prescription items in England are free of charge, and people don’t pay if they are on a low income, over 60 years old, or have certain medical conditions. “The upper age exemption has not changed since 1995 and that is why we have consulted on restoring the link with the state pension age. "No decision has yet been made - we are considering the responses carefully and will respond in due course.”