The Prime Minister has been engaged in talks with Ursula Von der Leyen over her plan to ban nearly all imports of Russian crude oil and processed fossil fuels which Hungary has declared it cannot support. All 27 EU countries must be in favour of Von der Leyen’s plan and both Hungary and Slovakia are blocking the sanctions as they are almost 100 percent reliant on Russian gas supplies.  On May 4, Hungarian Foreign Minister Peter Szijjarto said the ban would “obliterate” Hungary’s energy security. In a Facebook video, Mr Szijjarto declared the country needed more time and would only accept the ban if Hungary was given a total exemption on oil imports through pipelines. He said: “In its current form the Brussels sanctions package cannot be supported, we cannot responsibly vote for it. “Hungary could only agree with these sanctions if pipeline imports of crude oil would be exempt from the restrictions. Then Hungary’s energy security could be maintained. Now it cannot.”  He later added: “This is not a question of lack of political will, or of intention or timing, but simply this is the physical, geographical and infrastructural reality.” Despite the President of the European Commission insisting that progress has been made in the talks with the Hungarian Prime Minister, it is clear that further negotiations will be needed. On Twitter, Ms von der Leyen said: “This evening’s discussion with PM Viktor Orban was helpful to clarify issues related to sanctions and energy security. “We made progress, but further work is needed.” READ MORE: Russian colonel admits military doesn't have more 'pilots or planes' The Foreign Minister responded to the talks on Monday saying: “We have made it clear that Hungary cannot support the sanctions package against Russia as long as it does not provide a solution for Hungary’s concerns. “In its current form, the sanctions would be like an atomic bomb for Hungary’s economy.” He also added that both sides “made progress” in the talks in Budapest but said on Facebook: “We cannot make the Hungarian people pay the costs of this war”. The Minister claimed the Hungarian side have outlined “in detail” the issues with the sanctions package and stated: “We asked that these issues be considered. DON'T MISS: Should the UK join Macron’s new ‘European Community’? - POLL (POLL)Covid: Three most common 'lingering' symptoms (INSIGHT)Ozark season 4 ending: Fans expose real reason Mel didn't go to police (REVEAL)  “Until the European Commission offers a solution to these problems, Hungary of course cannot support this sanctions package.” This sanctions package is the sixth round from the EU on Russia which aims to block oil imports from Russia by the end of the year. MEP Guy Verhofstadt tweeted last week that the unanimity method of the EU is “handicapping” the bloc and is killing EU credibility. Mr Verhofstadt tweeted: “Unanimity is killing EU credibility and now even our security! “We can’t afford this self-imposed handicap anymore. Stop Orban’s veto strategy.” 