Following the release of a number of singles in Solo, Close and Dimmi, Andrea Bocelli’s son shows no sign of stopping. Having debuted professionally with his father in 2018 for their hit Fall On Me song, the 24-year-old has headed off on his own singing ventures. His latest single Tempo has arrived and Matteo Bocelli is very excited for his fans to hear it. Matteo teased on his Instagram earlier this week: “It’s finally time to release Tempo, a song that we wrote during my first writing camp in July 2019. This song reminds me of those happy, carefree days, full of love. I hope that this melody will accompany you throughout the summer and will make you feel as happy hearing it as I do singing it… We recorded it in Tuscany near my house, so it’s really special to me.” The upbeat music video sees Matteo driving around the Tuscan countryside where the star was born and lives; galavanting around with friends before performing in a theatre. The footage includes the Teatro del Silenzio in Lajatico, the open-air amphitheatre in the hometown of his father Andrea. The Italian tenor convinced the municipality to build it, contributing to the structure. He performs there once a year at an annual concert in July while for the rest of the year it remains silent. Tempo is also the official music soundtrack of the New 500 La Prima by Bocelli, while it’s now been updated that Matteo’s debut album will release in 2023 on Capitol Records. DON'T MISSMatteo Bocelli releases Italian version of latest single Dimmi – WATCH [DIMMI]Andrea Bocelli praises Matteo’s new song: His major pieces of advice [ANDREA]Andrea Bocelli and kids ‘astonished, overwhelmed’ to perform for Biden [WHITE HOUSE] When Express.co.uk asked Andrea last year about his son following in his footsteps, he replied: “I believe that Matteo is identifying with more and more clarity his own style, according to his own personality and sensibilities. And I believe that his very promising single Solo shows that. As for duets, it is true that the song Fall On Me was a beautiful occasion that we have seized upon as a family, perhaps without truly thinking it through but with great enthusiasm. And the public appreciated the genuineness of the emotions involved. But I also think that my son has, today, wings strong enough to take flight by himself.”