On Tuesday night's Eurovision Song Contest semi-final, the entries from 17 countries took to the stage in Italy in the hopes of making it to the final. The 10 best songs from the first semi-final would then go on to qualify for the grand finale, which is being held on Saturday. The second round of the semi-finals will then take place on Thursday night. Rylan Clark and Scott Mills broadcast live from Italy as they gave viewers the latest Eurovision updates. However, the results from the first semi-final seem to cause a stir with viewers. Some were shocked that the Netherlands was chosen over Latvia and Denmark, with many claiming the competition is a "fix". Hosts Rylan and Scott were also surprised by the outcome of the semi-final. READ MORE: Gogglebox snubbed at BAFTA as BBC viewers spot 'snobs not clapping' "Wow," Rylan simply said as the hosts announced Netherlands as the last act to go through. "Netherlands are through, no Albania, no Latvia - maybe people aren't a fan of salads." "No Austria either," Scott chipped in as Rylan added: "We have lost Denmark. "There you go, they are your first 10 finalists for Saturday night's final." Listing which countries made it through, Rylan said: "Switzerland, Armenia, Iceland, Lithuania, Portugal, Norway, Greece, Ukraine, Moldova and the Netherlands. A few shocks tonight." Closing the show, Mika said: "Any one of you could be the winner of Eurovision 2022, congratulations to everybody." Taking to Twitter to share their thoughts about the results, Naser penned: "Me watching Eurovision for [the] first time, Rigid voting system who the f.. voted for Switzerland. No way, cheaters, who choosing Latvia song over boring Switzerland." User @Eurovisually wrote: "Denmark robbed above and beyond. No Albania? No Latvia? No Austria? Why does Europe hate to enjoy itself?" DON'T MISS...How did Nicola Walker meet husband Barnaby Kay? [CAST]Brenda Blethyn sets record straight on Vera stunt double [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise's Tahj recalls co-stars disastrous audition for role [NEWS] While @FunkySquids raged: "NO LATVIA ????? Nah sorry fellas that’s a FIX I demand a recount ,,,, a hoppy song about protecting the environment and eating pussy didn’t get through ??? ridiculous. #Eurovision.” "No #Austria, #Bulgaria or #Denmark in #Eurovision final? Fix. Yes, my annual use of Twitter for #Eurovision live tweets is here already. Strap in," Carla Hudson wrote. Kim Billinton went on to say: "Also disappointed that Croatia didn’t make it on. Was too disappointed by Latvia that I almost didn’t notice. Definitely some other countries I would have replaced for those two." "Denmark and Austria robbed," Twitter user @FightOnGaga simply raged. (sic) In the lead up to the big event, the bookmakers have been predicting which country will win and take home the crown. While Ukraine has remained the favourites to win, according to the latest odds, the UK could end up coming out on top on Saturday. Sam Ryder is representing the UK and will take to the stage to sing his pop song Space Man. With just days to go until this year's final, Ladbrokes has predicted Sam has odds of 6/1 to go all the way in Italy. The other countries in the running to win include Sweden with odds of 7/1 and Greece with odds of 28/1. Poland's entry has also been thrown into the mix with odds of 33/1. The Eurovision Song Contest 2022 semi-finals will be airing on BBC Three on Tuesday and Thursday at 8pm. The Eurovision Song Contest grand final will air on BBC One on Saturday, May 14 at 8pm