If you have no choice but to get on with jobs you’re being expected to do, you will be like a caged tiger, counting down the hours until you can escape. Others around you feel they have to be careful not to annoy you. Try not to take your frustrations out on other people. If you’ve ever wanted to do a course on craftwork, whether it is making furniture, handcrafted gifts or pottery, this would be a good time to begin. An unusual offer will prove to be a strong temptation when this will give you a chance to own something that will look amazing in a certain room in your home. It might feel as if there simply aren’t enough hours in a day. Have you taken on too much in your eagerness to be involved with a number of different projects? If dropping some commitments is out of the question, plan your time very carefully.  Teamwork will go best if you are as open and honest with others around you as you can possibly be. It will be through pooling information with family, friends and colleagues that the best ideas will be found. You may not have realised how imaginative a partner or workmate could actually be. A senior colleague has an inkling you are looking at jobs elsewhere and they are trying to distract you. If you’re interested in a job vacancy, be sure to get an application form in on time. Your current situation may be very demanding but you can still find time to look after your future interests. Stop worrying. Financial and business affairs are being taken care of and you can rely on other people to do their job well. Sometimes you just have to put your trust in an expert who tells you that they do know what they are talking about.  You are expecting to get a high return on a joint investment. Signing a long-term contract will make the future look brighter. Arrangements you are now making make sense to you and your partner. Are you single? Someone in a group you are involved in will develop a crush on you. Although you prefer working on your own, there is a lot you could learn through working as part of a team. In addition to this someone will show an interest in a subject you can help them with. There are certain goals you will achieve faster through working with others than if you were to try going it alone. Although you prefer working on your own, there is a lot you could learn through working as part of a team. In addition to this someone will show an interest in a subject you can help them with. There are certain goals you will achieve faster through working with others than if you were to try going it alone.  Decisions made by senior colleagues aren’t likely to be to your liking. You are more aware of what is going on behind the scenes than some people who aren’t as alert or as observant as you happen to be. This might be a good time to share your thoughts with others who can support you. Stay alert and be ready to snap up an opportunity when it is offered. This will be the case of first come, first served. Be extra vigilant when dealing with people you haven’t had a chance to get to know. Don’t put your trust in anyone until they have earned this. You’re finding it difficult to let go of someone who has been close to you but you know too, it is time to part ways. Dwelling on disappointment is holding you back. Look on the changes that are happening now as inevitable. Be open to new opportunities. 