F1 drivers have raised concerns over Miami’s new F1 circuit just days ahead of hosting its first race, with Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen among those who will be hoping the fears raised do not come to light. Alpha Tauri’s Yuki Tsunoda has warned the new layout is ‘super tight’ which may cause issues under a safety car. He claims drivers may be caught out in a ‘real traffic jam’ as they try and get themselves around the difficult corners. He said: “It’s really tricky [and] different. Especially in sector three, it’s such tight corners. If a safety car happens I guess it’s going to be like a real traffic jam there because it’s super-tight. Even on a hot lap it’s still quite slow corners. So it’s going to be interesting to see.” Red Bull’s Sergio Perez has also warned visibility will be ‘difficult’ at certain points on the layout. He also warned the twisty part of the track could be ‘difficult to get right’ over the course of the weekend. READ MORE: F1 fans 'embarrassed’ by fake water as Miami GP marina takes shape He said: “I think it’s a good circuit. It has a little bit of a twisty area that it’s quite difficult to get right and the visibility can be difficult. “But I think racing can be good with all those long straights. I just hope the asphalt [will] be good and we can have good racing.” However, some drivers have embraced the challenge and praised the new 19-turn layout next to the Hard Rock Stadium. AlphaTauri star Pierre Gasly said: “I really liked the layout. Quite a lot of high-speed content, quite challenging, unusual type of corners, extremely long corners, very long straights.” Valtteri Bottas also claimed the track ‘looks good’ and could offer many overtaking opportunities come Sunday. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton opens up on 'nerve-wracking' feeling ahead of Miami GP [INSIGHT]Mercedes statistic offers Hamilton and Russell hope ahead of Miami GP [ANALYSIS]Two workers 'burned' in accident at Miami GP track and hospitalised [COMMENT] He added: “Actually it was nice to see that it seems to be a really good track for overtaking. I think the way the track has been planned, I think, from my side, it looks positive. It should be good racing. “Pretty long straights and a couple of really good overtaking opportunities. So let's see how it is done in real life, but to me on paper, it looks good. And I'm sure as an event it’s going to be pretty amazing.”