New geostrategic threats are highlighting the importance of boosting our prosperity at home to demonstrate the power of free societies and tackle threats abroad. There are some green shoots. The renewed focus on trade and Brexit opportunities. Making it easier to repeal EU red tape under the Brexit Freedoms Bill. Embracing new technologies like gene editing to boost Britain’s agriculture sector. Reforming data laws to scrap some unnecessary regulations such as annoying cookie pop-ups.  Yet the majority of the 38 bills contained in the Queen’s Speech will increase red tape, undermine innovation and push up the cost of living. Despite all the talk about embracing Brexit opportunities, the Government is introducing burdensome homegrown regulations. We are replacing government by unaccountable Eurocrats in Brussels with equally, if not more, burdensome rulemaking from civil servants in Whitehall. The Government is steaming ahead with legislation like the Online Safety Bill and the Digital Markets Unit that will undermine free speech and discourage the next generation of tech entrepreneurs. The pared-back planning reforms will not enable the housebuilding necessary to reduce prices; while new red tape risks pushing up construction costs. The transport bill effectively renationalises the railways, under the guise of the Great British Railways, rather than providing more competition and consumer choice.   The proposed football regulator will mean the woke interests of technocrats taking priority over the values and interests of fans – while discouraging investment in the game. There is a lack of focus on reforms that could boost free entrepreneurs and living standards. Instead, economic and financial regulations will increase burdens on businesses, pushing higher costs onto consumers and worsening the cost of living crisis. The Government lacks a guiding purpose. This means it falls into the trap of assuming the state is the solution to all our problems, blown in the wind by the latest demands for action without thinking about the consequences. "Month by month, almost day by day, the freedom of free enterprise is curtailed and the power of the State enhanced" warned Margaret Thatcher in 1975. Her solution was straightforward. First, to say “STOP” to the extension of State control, and second, to start the extension of freedom. This, she said, would return power back to the people, the power of choice, to decide your own purpose and mission in life. These words could not be more relevant and important today.  Matthew Lesh is Head of Public Policy at free market think tank the Institute of Economic Affairs.       