Dan Walker announced in April he would be leaving his presenting position on BBC Breakfast to join Channel 5. He has been waking up the nation since 2016 and has sat alongside Louise Minchin, Naga Munchetty and Sally Nugent on the red couch to give the latest updates on the world news. On Tuesday, Dan presented his last show for the BBC and was surprised by former co-presenter Louise Minchin. As she walked into the BBC Breakfast studio, Louise and Dan broke the "rule of a lifetime" as they hugged. With a beaming smile, Sally expressed: "There were a couple of surprises in there that you didn't know about. "There is one very special person, though, that you have shared this sofa with more than anyone else over the last few years. "And she is here, morning, Louise Minchin, here she is!" READ MORE: Emmerdale’s Jeff Hordley criticises soap character Cain Dingle Louise ran out from behind the camera and asked Dan: "Are we going to break the rule of a lifetime?" before embracing him in a hug. Dan laughed: "Let's hug it out, it's lovely to see you." Sitting down to speak about her time working with Dan, Louise praised: "I say break the habits of a lifetime because of all the years we sat next to each other we never touched, did we! "If we did, it was super awkward, but it is an absolute pleasure to be here, and I know lots of people watching will be very sad you are leaving. "You have touched the hearts of the nation over the last six years, and I know people have loved watching you, I loved working with you." Sally went on to remind Dan of the memories he made whilst out and about, including befriending Maria in Rio when she was on her hen do. Reporting on the Olympics in Brazil in 2016, Dan's broadcast was hijacked by Maria and her friends. In a special surprise, Maria, her husband their daughter joined BBC Breakfast via Zoom. Dan explained they had spoken recently and he'd even sent Maria a copy of his book, Remarkable People. At that moment, Maria picked up the book and showed it to viewers at home. Laughing at her timing, Dan joked: "She has always been a good advertiser, are we allowed to advertise on the BBC? I can do what I like now, can't I?" Sally replied: "You're leaving, it doesn't matter." Ending his final show, Dan said: "It has come around more quickly than I thought, it does feel a bit surreal, I think the fact that I won't be sitting on this sofa anymore, the fact that I won't be sitting next to you after today. "When you are in this situation, you do look back at the things that you have done and the stories you have covered. "This is lovely, but part of me hates this because I love talking about other people, and I am really thankful that I have had so many incredible memories working on this programme. "I don't think there aren't many jobs where you can give a voice to people and tell other people's stories, so it has been a privilege." BBC Breakfast airs everyday from 6am on BBC One.