Sky Sports pundit Roy Keane has labelled Everton manager Frank Lampard's tactics in his team's 1-0 win over Chelsea as 'disgraceful' - although he conceded that he believes the Toffees will stay up in a tense relegation battle. Richarlison's solitary goal against the Blues was enough to drag Everton into survival contention following Burnley's 2-1 win over Watford just 24 hours before. Lampard's men made the most of their lead by wasting time, exaggerating injuries and holding the ball in the corner against the European champions. But despite the vast importance of the result for the club's future, Keane blasted Chelsea legend Lampard for deploying such tactics against his former club. "Every time there was an injury, they stayed down for ages. Pickford made some great saves, but his time-wasting was disgraceful," Keane said. "But I totally get it. They must win a game of football. I think where Everton are, you're fighting for your lives, fighting for survival, for Frank, the players and for the supporters yesterday." Flares were set off outside the stadium before the game in a bid to show the players just how much the game against Thomas Tuchel's men meant to them. And Keane alluded to the superb support, claiming the atmosphere was "electric" on Merseyside. He added: "The atmosphere, it was electric. Before the game, I thought Everton were in big trouble, but after being at Goodison, I'm thinking that Everton will stay up. "I know they have got away games, but they're in form with that atmosphere, the players simplify it and get behind the ball. Their pressing awarded them that goal. That spirit, that energy, and I think the defenders would be delighted that they haven't got that responsibility of playing from the back. "Their total focus is on just defending, when it goes back to the keeper, they can go up the pitch and they can enjoy defending, but not worry about the other side of it." They remain two points behind Burnley and Leeds with 32, although they have two very winnable home ties against Crystal Palace and Brentford. They also have Watford to play at Vicarage Road - with the Hornets having lost their last 11 home games in the Premier League. In fact, the last point that Roy Hodgson's men picked up in Hertfordshire was in November in what was Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's final game as Manchester United boss. If they lose those games, the Championship could beckon for Lampard's men for the first time in 68 years.