Formula 1 may not return to Monaco next season as bosses appear unable to strike a new deal to host the legendary race. It is believed F1 bosses are unhappy with special privileges awarded to Monaco by former rights holder Bernie Ecclestone. Organisers in Monaco control its paddock club and TV feed and are allowed to broker their own sponsorship deals away from F1. However, disagreements over sponsors have reached boiling point this weekend with F1 bosses reportedly getting ‘annoyed’ at Monaco organisers, according to Ted Kravitz. Speaking on Ted’s Notebook, he said: “Some of these Grand Prix need to get their act together really because if you're paying good money and being here, the old organisation is not great at some of these races. And it’s reflecting on Monaco’s future as a Grand Prix. “There are very, very serious discussions going on between the ACM (Automobile Club de Monaco) and Formula 1 about where they go in the future. READ MORE: Christian Horner accuses Sky Sports commentator of enjoying night out “Monaco doesn’t pay very much money because they think they shouldn’t because they’re Monaco. And also they sell all their own sponsorship. So when you see the Tag Hauer banners around the place saying ‘Tag Heuer the official watch of the Monaco Grand Prix’. “Well look at that Rolex clock, that’s on Formula 1 property. They are saying ‘hang on, Rolex pay a lot of 'muller' to be the official watch of Formula 1, what are you doing embarrassing them by putting all this Tag Heuer signage everywhere’. “I guess in watch politics that’s a big thing, for us it's probably not. But in any case, that's the level of discussions that are going on as to why Formula 1 are getting pretty annoyed now with Monaco in the post-Bernie era.” DON'T MISSSergio Perez obliterates a pigeon at Monaco Grand Prix [INSIGHT]Marko claims Leclerc should have got 'drastic penalty' pre-Monaco GP [ANALYSIS]Max Verstappen 'irritated' at Sergio Perez and makes foul play hint [COMMENT] However, ACM president Michel Boeri has recently said he was not concerned over the future of the race. Last month, he confirmed the historic event would still take place next season despite a new deal not yet being finalised. He said: “We are still in talks with them and must now seal the deal with a contract. I can guarantee you that the Grand Prix will keep taking place beyond 2022. I don't know if it will be a three- or five-year contract, but that's a detail."