Thomas O’Toole, 12, has landed a TV presenting role, parts in commercials, a comedy series and modelling jobs – all since he made the brave decision to have his leg amputated because of agonising pain following corrective surgery. Mum Georgina, 45, who lives in Farnham, Surrey, said: “Since he made that decision he has felt really free. All the TV and modelling work has really boosted his confidence which is wonderful to see. “I was so nervous about him having it done, but it’s shown that something good has come out of a negative situation.” Thomas was born with a rare congenital condition that meant his left leg was at a 90 degree angle. Numerous painful surgeries to try to correct it over 10 years all failed, leaving him in pain and struggling to lead a normal life. Georgina said: “He was literally begging the doctors to amputate it. He’d had enough of it and was confident that he could carry on with his life with a prosthetic limb instead. “I was so nervous that after the procedure he would wake up and regret it, so I didn’t know if it was the right decision.” But Thomas was determined to go ahead and the operation took place in June 2019. Georgina said: “He woke up after the operation and his first words were ‘I can’t believe I’ve actually done it, Mummy and Daddy. I feel free.’ “We knew then that he had made the right decision as he was so much happier about it.” The family are supported by Limbpower - a charity which supports amputees and individuals with limb differences. After Thomas had a prosthetic leg fitted his life really changed when Georgina spotted an advert on Facebook. A talent agency which represents disabled models was looking for an 11-year-old boy to model in a streetwear campaign. Georgina said: “I replied and Thomas got the job. It was modelling for the River Island brand and he absolutely loved it.” Since then Thomas has landed a lead role in CBBC comedy series Class Dismissed. He has done more modelling for River Island, appeared in a social media campaign for HSBC, has travelled to Slovenia to star in an advert for Toyota and filmed another for the NSPCC last week. In November he landed a TV presenting job for the Sky children’s programme FYI and its spin off, Kidversation, where child presenters are sent over the world to interview other children. Georgina said: “So many doors have been opened to him since his operation and he’s making the most of every opportunity." It seems surreal now when we see our son on TV like this. We can’t believe he’s doing all this now since losing his leg. He’s travelling to places we would have never dreamed of going to.” Thomas is about to start filming for a major TV channel next month. Georgina said: “He’s so excited about this forthcoming project. When he was lying in his hospital bed about to have his leg amputated I was worried about what the future held for him." “We are so proud of everything that he’s achieved, and how confident he’s becoming after everything that he has been through.”