Downton Abbey has jumped from the small screen to the big screen again for the newest instalment in the Julian Fellowes franchise Downton Abbey: A New Era. Actor Michael Fox plays footman and servant Andy Parker in the hit show, and, while appearing on BBC Breakfast to talk about his love of equestrianism, while at The Badminton Horse Trials, he has opened up about the future of the TV-show-turned-movie.  Michael is a keen horse rider, and despite not being able to ride while filming Downton Abbey due to "insurance" policies, he was excited to be at the 2022 Badminton Horse Trials. BBC Breakfast correspondent Lizzie Greenwood-Hughes was on the ground at the five-day horse event and explained that although professionals compete, all horses have to work their way up the ranks, which means even celebrities could be against newbie or veteran riders. This was the segway for actor Michael to talk about his love of horses, while revealing that he has experience with a show-ready horse himself. The star and his father "went over to Ireland to get a horse", Georgie Boy, who turned out to be a very "talented horse" and Michael was on-site to support Georgie's rider, Kylie Roddy. Read More: The Blacklist: Kurt Perez title card leaves NBC viewers emotional as show pays tribute After passionately speaking about his love for his horse and the joy of riding, presenter Lizzie wanted to know the latest on all things Downton Abbey. She said: "Obviously, the film is out this weekend, so we are hoping that it does very well. I haven't seen it yet, so I don't know what happens, and please, don't anyone tell me. "But what about the TV series? Do we think there could be another TV series?" The actor replied: "Well, I was sad for it to finish. I wanted it to carry on.   "But there will hopefully be another film, but we don't know." Michael appeared in 11 episodes of the series from 2014 to 2015 and stars in both films, Downton Abbey and Downton Abbey: A New Era. "We love doing it. We love going back to characters," he continued. "It's going down really well, the film. DON’T MISS…The Repair Shop’s Jay Blades lived among rats as he admits father ‘took all mum’s money’ [LATEST]Selling Sunset’s Emma Hernan confirms rekindled romance with Christine ex 'Double-dipped' [LATEST]Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker replaced by Lydia West as star drops hint? [LATEST] "I'm not ready to let Andy Parker go yet, so hopefully another one [film] soon. " He isn't the only star from the franchise to tease that a third film could be on the cards. Mrs Bates star Joanne Froggatt told Digital Spy: "I think if Julian still wants to write it and the audience still want to watch it, I think we'd all be very keen." Downton Abbey producer Gareth Neame also let slip that another film could be on the horizon.  He said: "Who knows what comes next? As of today we're focusing on the movie opening really well this weekend… that's what we're focused on, if it does really well we'll talk about the future. "We've always got ideas circulating!" Talking to Hello! Magazine, the producer also revealed that Downton Abbey helped to pave the way for other period dramas. Gareth continued: "It's a very very different show but I don't think there would have been a Bridgerton without Downton, it's created that landscape for all kinds of shows and approaches to it. "We had a traditional approach and Bridgerton doesn't, and I think there's room for all these different paths." BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One at 6am. 