Former Barcelona star Cesc Fabregas has suggested that Karim Benzema may not be nailed on to be crowned as the winner of the Ballon d'Or award. The Spaniard believes that after Thibaut Courtois' performance against Liverpool, he could be in with a shout. Courtois has been picked as an outsider to win the Ballon d'Or award by Fabregas after a man-of-the-match performance against Liverpool. Real Madrid completed a Champions League campaign full of upsets with a 1-0 win over Liverpool in the final, with Vinicius Jr grabbing the all-important goal. Liverpool failed to score in any final this season, although it was the heroics of Courtois that kept them at bay in Paris. Heading into the final, many fans believed that the Ballon d'Or could be decided with Mohamed Salah, Sadio Mane and Karim Benzema all the overwhelming favourites to secure the award. But now Fabregas feels as though Courtois has put himself in the conversation.  JUST IN: Real Madrid star Kroos wasn’t happy with Hazard after UCL final win Ahead of Saturday's final, former Arsenal, Barcelona and Chelsea midfielder Fabregas tweeted: "Not a big fan of individual trophies like that but surely the Ballon d'Or could/should be decided tonight? Mane? Salah? Benzema?" And following Madrid's win, he later revised his tweet after Courtois inspired the 1-0 victory over Liverpool in Paris. "I would add and most probably give it to Courtois. Insane season," added Fabregas.  DON'T MISS...Liverpool's Andy Robertson blasts 'horrendous' Champions League finalChelsea set for unexpected transfer boost after Real Madrid victoryMichael Owen left with egg on his face after Champions League final The Madrid goalkeeper made a string of fine saves to deny Mane and Salah on multiple occasions, as both stars battled to be the Liverpool hero. But they were kept out for the third successive final this season. Liverpool failed to score in the Carabao Cup final and the FA Cup final, winning on penalties at Wembley on both occasions. But their defence was breached, and a brilliant season ended in disappointment.  Courtois hasn't had the easiest ride at Madrid, and after leaving Chelsea it took him a while to adapt once again. But the Belgian was in high spirits after Saturday's final, and admitted that he was happy to "prove the doubters wrong". "I said to my friends yesterday that when Real Madrid play finals they win it. I am on the good side of history," Courtois told BT Sport.  "Today I needed to win a final for my career, for all the hard work to put respect on my name because I don't think I have enough respect, especially in England." But Courtois has certainly gained the respect now, even from his former Chelsea team-mate Fabregas. Courtois added: "I saw a lot of criticism even after a great season, that I was not good enough or whatever. I am just really happy and proud of the performance of the team. We stuck to it and when I needed to be there, I was there for the team." 