Britain's Got Talent season 15 started last month, and now just days away from the semi-finals kicking off, the last few coveted spots to be considered were filled. During the latest instalment, several acts took to the stage to try and win over the judges and studio audience. However, the final audition round was made up of a majority of youthful acts, each battling to claim a "yes" which made many viewers say no and reach for the remote to change the channel. Episode eight kicked off with nine-year-old dancer Mischa Palor, who dressed as Dorothy from The Wizard of Oz and performed a routine to Amanda Holden's cover of Somewhere over the Rainbow and Rain on Me by Lady Gaga and Ariana Grande. Her sweet and also explosive dance routine was only the start of the child acts. Shortly following her was 13-year-old choral singer Cormac Thompson, Movies to Musicals musical theatre group made up of performers aged 10 to 17 and young troupes Attraction Juniors and Team Unite. These acts seemed to impress judges Simon Cowell, Amanda Holden, David Walliams and Alesha Dixon, with Simon even commenting: "Kids are taking over the show this year." Read More: Piers Morgan rages ‘fame hungry’ Meghan will ‘hijack headlines’ from Queen at jubilee   Many fans, however, were less than impressed and took to Twitter to complain. Watcher @DarrenEmoji tweeted: "One more kid & I'm turning it over #BGT." @PhilipCSwales added: "Too many f***ing kids on this year! #bgt." @Reflex1eye added: "This show is set up on stories and kids. Can we get some raw talent #BGT."   "Any acts tonight that aren't kids? #BGT," @TBanawich asked. @megamouth_88 commented: "Should have renamed it Kids Got Talent for tonight's episode. #BGT." The idea of an all kids version of the show was something fan Lynda Pace Avery thought would be a success. She said: "There should be a kids #BGT.  Judges always say all kids are "adorable". #TheVoiceKids works, why not #BGT?" DON’T MISS…The Last Kingdom's Eliza Butterworth admits co-star Alexander Dreymon 'blows me away' [LATEST]'He's awful!' Question of Sport fans slam captain's sports knowledge 'Every week' [LATEST]Midsomer Murders welcomes back John Nettles for a special episode 'Tribute to the talent' [LATEST] All of the young dancers and martial acts impressed @BnmPlanet, who described: "Another kids mixed-age energetic, powerful well-sequenced act. Enjoyed it." Attraction Juniors, who received four yeses on the show, were created by previous BGT winner Attraction. The child shadow puppet troupe from Hungary formed by the original Attraction group leader, Szűcs Zoltán, was comprised of several performers aged between 10 and 19. Although the majority of acts were young and below the age of 19, there was one act on the opposite side of the scale that Simon couldn't quite get behind and support.    