That's what central bankers do to cool an overheating economy, in normal times. You don't need me to tell you that we are NOT living in normal times right now. The Bank of England needs to keep its nerve, because repeatedly hiking interest rates will make today’s nightmarish situation even worse than it already is. Higher borrowing costs will mean millions will have even less money to spend. This hits demand, forcing companies to reduce prices which gradually slows inflation. The last thing we need to do today is make everybody feel even poorer and squeeze the UK's faltering economy even further. Two prime factors are driving current inflation. Supply chain shortages as the global economy recovers from the Covid pandemic, and the war in Ukraine, which is forcing up food and fuel prices. Hiking UK interest rates will do nothing to combat either of these global problems. All higher borrowing costs will do is add to the squeeze on the economy, by pushing up the cost of servicing mortgages and other debts, and further squeezing spending. Yet that is what the Bank of England risks doing, as it tries to atone for last year's errors. BoE policymakers were astonishingly slow to respond to the growing inflation threat. They insisted rising prices were a temporary phenomenon, despite a growing chorus of experts calling out its error. Even the Bank’s own chief economist, Andy Haldane, warned it was making a mistake by pumping out a second round of quantitative easing. Yet the Bank’s monetary policy committee (MPC) failed to increase interest rates when it may have had some effect, which was last year. It could have helped savers get a halfway decent return on their money, too. Now it's too late. READ MORE: Richard Madeley rips into Truss as he blasts 'stuck' government Having one made one disastrous policy error by ignoring its own experts, the MPC is about to make another. It wants to show it is alert to the inflation threat and ready to act tough. Yet macho tactics now will only worsen the cost of living crisis that is engulfing the country. This could also tip the UK into recession. The warning signs are there, with the UK economy unexpectedly contracting by 0.1 percent in March. The only person who can realistically ease the pressure on Britons now is Chancellor Rishi Sunak. DON'T MISS:Palace 'always thought Harry would leave' - Megxit not Meghan's fault [INSIGHT]Russia media is preparing nation for ‘bad news’ as Putin's plan fails [REVEAL]How to get rid of pigeons in your garden - 5 easy ways [GUIDE] Sunak needs to wake up and help those who are hardest hit by the inflationary spike, in particular pensioners, and those with disabilities or struggling on low incomes. So far, he has done exactly the opposite by suspending the State Pension triple lock. His five-year freeze on income tax thresholds, announced in last year’s Budget, is landing at the worst possible time. As is the 1.25 percent National insurance health and social care levy, which came into force in April 6. Sunak's tax attack are making around 30 million taxpayers feel even poorer. He has done precious little to offer support over rocketing energy bills, either. The Bank of England should back off. It's time for Rishi Sunak to step up. He needs to realise just how bad things are – and respond with more than futile gestures.