Meghan Markle and Prince Harry fuelled speculation about whether they would return to the UK to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee in June. A spokesperson for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex confirmed on Friday the couple will indeed be with Her Majesty to mark the historic occasion, bringing their two young children along. Royal expert Alistair Bruce suggested the announcement will now allow the Royal Family to "focus minds" on the work of the monarchy rather than Meghan and Harry's plans. Mr Bruce told Sky News: "We're getting quite close to the celebrations and there's much being organized. "The Queen has had many of her staff looking very closely at what the best way to run each part of it is. "At the essence, this is about celebrating the Queen's 70 years as sovereign. "And I think the Palace will want to make sure we focus on that and don't get distracted from all the noise that has come about over the last years, about various members of her family and that this will perhaps everyone's minds on the people who are committed [to the monarchy.]" JUST IN: Prince Harry and Meghan Markle banned by Queen from palace balcony during Jubilee  The Sussexes' spokesperson said: "Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are excited and honoured to attend The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations this June with their children." Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will however not appear alongside the Queen on the balcony of Buckingham Palace following Trooping the Colour. The Palace said in a statement Her Majesty had decided to have only working members of the Royal Family with her for the iconic appearance. Prince Charles and Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall will be joining her alongside Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge with their children. READ MORE: Archie and Lilibet WILL see the Queen! Harry and Meghan CONFIRM Britain trip for Jubilee  The Queen's youngest son, Prince Edward, will also appear with his wife Sophie, the Countess of Wessex and their two children with the Gloucesters and the Duke and Duchess of Kent. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex briefly returned to the UK in April to pay a visit to Her Majesty at Windsor before heading to the Invictus Games in The Hague. Meghan Markle had not been back since the couple's attended their last Royal Family event in March 2020, days after announcing they would undertake a one-year trial away from the institution. The Platinum Jubilee will mark the first time their son Archie returns since November 2019, when he was whisked off to Canada for a six-week break with his parents. DON'T MISS:Will Prince Harry attend the Queen's Platinum Jubilee? [INSIGHT]Will Queen ever see Archie again? 'Nothing Sussexes do is predictable' [ANALYSIS]Archie pictures through the years - who does he look more like? [PICTURES] And the Queen will also get the opportunity to meet her great-granddaughter, Lilibet Diana, in person. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex's daughter was born in Santa Barbara on June 4, 2021 and will likely celebrate her first birthday surrounded by the Royal Family. Her Majesty will be marking her Platinum Jubilee with a 4-day celebration including her official birthday on June 2 as well as the Epsom Derby on June 3. 