Roger Federer has given a fresh injury update as he eyes a comeback at September's Laver Cup. The 20-time Grand Slam champion has been out of action since Wimbledon last year after having his third knee surgery in 18 months, and admitted he felt like "a racehorse in a box" while waiting to get his doctor's approval to step up his training even more. Federer has been sidelined since July, having suffered a "setback" with the knee injury that also kept him out of the 2020 season after the Australian Open. The former world No 1 has since returned to the gym in preparation for his comeback in September, and gave a fresh injury update as he admitting he was raring to go and give a comeback "his all". Asked about his impending return to tennis, the 20-time Major champion told Caminada: "I can't even think that far. I'm waiting for the doctors' okay. I'm ready to give it my all again. I feel like a racehorse scratching its stall and wanting to race. "In the summer I hope to be able to hit the ground running. I'm looking forward to coming home in the evening after the tough day of training and being completely exhausted." Federer first returned to a proper training schedule last month, and also shared his daily schedule as he continues to build back up to his best level. JUST IN: Naomi Osaka was 'very worried' about French Open return    "As with a car, you have to turn a thousand screws until the engine runs smoothly," he said of his training preparations. "Today, mobilisation, stretching, and a warm-up in the morning take about 45 minutes. "Then we drive to the plant. There follows a warm-up on the pitch, half an hour. After that I eat, stretch, strengthen my ankles with tapes, then warm up again, do gymnastics and explosive speed exercises. Before I finally play, I took care of my body for two and a half hours." DON'T MISSFrench Open chief refuses to budge on Nadal after learning 'lesson'Emma Raducanu’s struggles on clay explained ahead of French OpenZverev 'won't put up with' Alcaraz becoming French Open favourite   The 103-time title winner also admitted he was rehabbing to enjoy his life after tennis, adding: "I don't post many pictures of the strenuous training because I was always convinced that it was a matter of course. Everyone trains hard. "I swore to myself that by the end of my career I wouldn't be completely broken. Later I would like to go skiing with the children and play football with my colleagues. That's why I'm doing rehab now - not just for tennis. Also for life after your career." 