The all you can eat mega buffet is located in Watford, Hertfordshire, and can feed up to 3,000 people per day. Channel 5 has gone behind the scenes at All-You-Can-Eat Buffets: How Do They Really Do It?. The Watford based restaurant serves cuisines from all over the world - from Indian to Italian, Malaysian to Mexican. Doors open at midday, welcoming in a swarm of hungry customers. Speaking in the documentary, one buffet goer said that you have to have a "strategy" in to navigate the foodie arena. But what do the staff advise? READ MORE: Prince Charles is 'in no mood to help' Camilla on royal engagements  One of the best things about JRC World Buffet is that customers can eat as much as they like - and relatively cheaply. On Father's Day, one of the most lucrative days of the year for the restaurant, adults pay £20.99. Children under 90cm eat for free. Children under 150cm eat for half the adult's price. Reception manager Hannah said: "Literally from the moment we open the door, the queue has started." The staff communicate via walkie-talkies, as they try to navigate thousands of customers and 250 coveted tables. Hannah's attitude towards the mammoth task is: "Failing to plan is planning to fail." And this can also be said for customers who fail to pre-book a much-desired table. Not everyone has thought ahead and booked a table, with more than 1,000 walk-ins on a busy day. "Walk-ins fit in when somebody is late and their table is cancelled. "We'll then divide that table and give it to walk-in customers. There is even a separate queue for walk-ins to prevent "chaos" from ensuing. "You'd be surprised at how long people are willing to wait." o avoid a long walk-in queue, booking a table in advance might be the best bet for buffet goers. To avoid your pre-booked table becoming a walk-in table, make sure you're not too late to the restaurant. Customers who have booked a table in advance get longer at the buffet. At the weekends, booked in customers can keep their table for one hour and 45 minutes. Walk-in customers get 15 minutes less, just one hour at 30 minutes - "all to keep the tables turning". All-You-Can-Eat Buffets: How Do They Really Do It? is on Channel 5 on Sundays at 7pm.