Steve McClaren thinks Manchester United should keep Marcus Rashford as he prepares to return to Old Trafford, according to reports. The 61-year-old is primed to become a member of Erik ten Hag’s backroom staff. And details have emerged after a secret meeting held in Amsterdam on Thursday, shortly after Ajax won the Eredivisie title. Manchester United are set to bring McClaren back to Old Trafford this summer. The 61-year-old previously worked under Sir Alex Ferguson and was a vital part of the Scot’s backroom staff when the club won the treble back in 1999. On Thursday, United chief John Murtough met with Ten Hag, McClaren and Mitchell van der Gaag to discuss recruitment and the current players in the squad. And 90min say McClaren considers Rashford to be a player worth keeping, despite his poor form this season. At the start of the campaign, United allowed the 24-year-old to have shoulder surgery after he’d played through the pain under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. Rashford had also struggled at the European Championships, agonisingly missing a penalty in the final defeat to Italy at Wembley. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Yet the England international, upon returning, has been unable to find his best form. Rashford has scored just five goals for United this term, his lowest goal tally for a single campaign in his professional career. And that’s led to talk he could be about to leave the club behind, with several clubs showing interest as the summer transfer window edges closer. Arsenal are one team interested, even though the Gunners appear to be prioritising a deal for Gabriel Jesus. Newcastle have also been linked, with the Toon now one of the richest clubs on the planet following their takeover last year. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Barcelona previously thought they’d secure the arrival of Rashford back in the summer transfer window of 2019, only for the player to pen a contract extension with United instead. And Paris Saint-Germain can’t be ruled out either, especially with Kylian Mbappe’s future up in the air. McClaren, however, considers Rashford to be an asset United should cling on to. But it’s Ten Hag who will have the final say, with the club giving him complete control over the current squad. Rashford isn’t the only player with an uncertain future ahead at United as the summer transfer window nears. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Paul Pogba’s time with the Red Devils appears to be winding down, with the France international a target for Real Madrid, Manchester City, Juventus and PSG. Yet there’s still a chance he could stay, with United putting a contract offer on the table earlier in the campaign. Edinson Cavani, Nemanja Matic, Juan Mata, Jesse Lingard, Phil Jones and Eric Bailly are set to go. And Dean Henderson is another with an uncertain United future, with the England star expected to depart if he’s not guaranteed the No 1 jersey. Regarding Rashford, Roy Keane expressed a belief that the forward had lost ‘hunger’ at United. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Whether it’s [being] short on confidence, we’ve seen his quality before but we’ve not seen it for a year or two,” said Keane on Sky Sports. “But it doesn’t look like he’s matured enough. “We’ve seen a few games recently, when he was playing at Liverpool through the middle, I said he was playing like a child. “It’s as if he’s not learnt about the game. He’s drifting. He’s lost the hunger. “These young players get a lot of money and good luck to them, but I think he’s lost the eye of the tiger and he’s struggling to get it back.”