Charlene was accompanied by her husband Prince Albert and their twin children Prince Jacques and Princess Gabriella, seven. The tournament, which was running for its tenth edition, was founded in 2009 and encourages children who are all under the age of 12 to engage in friendly competition in the hope that they will make friends with others who come from all over the world.  During their time out, Charlene was pictured being a doting mum towards her twin children as she walked trackside with them, and protectively put her arms on Jacques. In one photo, she couldn't help but attempt to embarrass the twins, wrapping her arms around both of them and planting a kiss on the side of Jacques' face. A royal fan Vivilzi5 tweeted: “Glad to see her with the family after her long health struggles, wishing Princess Charlene and her family good health.” Another user TheDuchesszone tweeted: “She clearly adores her children.”  The Princess, alongside Jacques and Gabriella, also met with some of the competing teams, including one from Barcelona and another from Andorra. This year, the 14 competing countries were Andorra, Belgium, Spain, France, Georgia, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Morocco, Monaco, Switzerland, United Arab Emirates, Ecuador, and Mauritius. Last week, the Monaco royals headed to the E-Prix of Monaco, where they watched the race, and were also present on the podium, where Albert and Jacques handed race winner Stoffel Vandoorne the trophy. Charlene had an impressive look for her appearance, as she rocked a slinky grey power suit with a double-breasted jacket and flared trousers. READ MORE: Prince Charles to put his foot down and snub Eugenie's royal claim  Her husband wore a navy suit, while Jacques wore a grey suit with shorts and Gabriella had a navy blouse over a white dress. The loud noises from the crowds and cars proved to be a little too much to handle for the young royals and Albert, with the trio snapped covering their ears, prompting Charlene to comfort her young children. The Monaco Princess underwent surgery in October for an ear, nose and throat infection after checking in under a pseudonym in a Durban hospital, a palace source said at the time. After her return to the principality in November, Charlene left almost immediately to receive treatment for “exhaustion” at a Swiss clinic. DON'T MISS:Zelensky issues war red lines ahead of crunch talks with PutinBiden pushes Sinn Fein to ‘re-establish power-sharing executive’ 'Fabulous' Beatrice leaves royal fans gushing The last time she was heard from, in November 2021, she shared a video on Twitter as she left South Africa for Monaco. She said: “It has been, obviously, a very challenging time to be here but at the same time it has been wonderful being back in South Africa.” 