Senior civil servant Sue Gray yesterday (May 25) handed over her long-awaited report on lockdown rule breaking at Number 10 to the Government, which subsequently published it in full. Critics of the Prime Minister were quick to call for his instant resignation, while those backing him insisted it was time to move on. Spiked Online Editor Tom Slater slated those who have refused to drop the topic, despite other, in his view more important issues constantly raising their heads – most notably, the cost of living crisis. He wrote in the magazine that lockdown rule breaking was merely “an embarrassing, temporarily shocking story”. Mr Slater was particularly critical of the British media, which has greeted each new ‘Partygate’ revelation with “something approaching erotic excitement”. This, he suggested, was worth criticising not just on the basis it was an overreaction, but because the focus on this story “has crowded out everything else”. The Editor added: “The world is on fire around us and we’re still talking about fizz.” Numerous commentators have claimed the row over ‘Partygate’ will decide Mr Johnson’s fate when the next general election comes around. It’s been suggested this is why a group of Tory MPs have also come out calling for the Prime Minister to resign, fearful of him depleting their support bases. But Bow Group Chairman Ben Harris-Quinney said if the Tories do perform badly in the next election, it will not be because of lockdown rule breaking but because of his party’s policy directions. READ MORE: University forced to issue U-turn after rejecting Russian student In a post on Twitter, he wrote: “If the Conservatives scrapped net zero, dramatically cut immigration, fought back against woke and made cuts to all non-beneficial spending so as to address the cost of living (ie, if they were conservative), they'd easily win the next election. “They won't, and THAT'S why they'll lose – not Partygate.” In his article, Mr Slater also noted that much of the criticism over ‘Partygate’ is coming from “prominent Remainers who used every means at their disposal to try to overturn Brexit”. DON'T MISS: Hated Brexit deal ‘could shatter UK’ [OPINION] Farage blasts those blaming conflict in Ukraine for inflation [NEWS] Britons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ [OPINION] He added that “a nasty case of Boris Derangement Syndrome” dates back to 2016, when Britons voted to leave the EU. On Wednesday, when Ms Gray’s report was published, Tory peer Daniel Moylan argued that the anger being directed at Mr Johnson had nothing to do with ‘Partygate’ and was, instead, about Brexit. Lord Moylan wrote in a post on Twitter: “With Boris Johnson poised to suspend the operation of the Northern Ireland Protocol – the EU’s great hope for keeping the UK in permanent regulatory subjection – expect a furious last effort by Rejoiners to oust the PM… “This is not about lockdown.” He later shared a post which read: “This is not about ‘cake’, it’s all about Brexit.” Despite the release of Ms Gray’s report, the ‘Partygate’ story is not yet over, with politicos now turning their head to an upcoming Commons Privileges Committee, which will look into whether the Prime Minister misled Parliament.