TEAM NEWS Manchester City XI: Ederson; Zinchenko, Dias, Laporte, Cancelo; Rodri, Gundogan, De Bruyne; Grealish, Sterling, Jesus Newcastle XI: Dubravka; Targett, Burn, Lascelles, Krafth; Guimaraes, Joelinton, Longstaff; Almiron, Saint-Maximin, Wood Manchester City are taking on Newcastle in the Premier League this afternoon. Sky Sports will be broadcasting the big game from the Etihad live, with coverage starting at 4pm ahead of kick-off at 4.30pm. If you want to tune in you can find the best Sky Sports deals below. Manchester City go into this game with just the Premier League title as their last chance of silverware this season after a dramatic loss to Real Madrid in the Champions League semi-final midweek. Speaking after the stunning loss at the Bernabeu - which saw Manchester City set to go through to the Champions League final until a remarkable turnaround in the 90th minute - City boss Guardiola was extremely candid about how he was feeling about his side's European fortunes. Discussing whether he could lead his team to Champions League glory, Guardiola said: "Maybe I’m not good enough to help the team to do it. "Nobody knows what would have happened with other players or managers. We were close – they know it, we know it – but what is important is we are going to try again next season, and then again."  You can tune in and watch coverage of Manchester City vs Newcastle on Sky Sports Premier League and Sky Sports Main Event from 4pm, with kick-off at 4.30pm. If you've got Sky Glass or Sky Q then a Sky Sports membership will usually cost £32 a month. But Sky is currently running a deal that drops that price to £20 a month. This can be paired with the standard Sky TV bundle, which unlocks access to exclusive channels like Sky Atlantic, as well as Comedy Central, MTV, and more, coupled with a Netflix subscription. If you're not home, everything from Sky Sports is also beamed to tablets and smartphones via the Sky Go app, which is available for both Android and iOS devices. You can also sign in to Sky Go on an Xbox or PlayStation to watch in another room if someone else is using the Sky Q box. Sky-owned NOW, formerly NOW TV, offers limited-time access to Sky Sports. One month usually costs £33.99, but for a limited time only this price has dropped to £20 a month (but you'll need to sign up for nine months). While a single 24-hour period of Sky Sports will cost a one-off payment of £11.98 with NOW. NOW is also available on a NOW TV Box, Chromecast, PS5, PS4, PS3, Xbox Series X, Xbox One, Xbox 360, Roku, LG Smart TV, PC or Mac, and selected mobile and tablet devices. Unfortunately, if you're outside of the UK right now, your Sky Go and NOW subscriptions might not work as you'd expect. Sky – just like Netflix, BBC iPlayer, Prime Video and a number of other services – places restrictions based on your current location, which is determined by the IP address that your device was assigned when you connected to the internet. It's possible to bypass these geo-restrictions by employing a Virtual Private Network, or VPN, service. You can find some of the best options below... 