Members of the Royal Family own amazing properties all across the country. However, Kate Middleton’s younger sister Pippa even has a zoo under her name. The once derelict petting zoo 50 miles from London is now thriving under her ownership.  Pippa and her husband, James Matthews, reportedly bought the struggling petting zoo for £800,000. Carole and Michael Middleton raised their three children, Kate, Pippa, and James in the lap of luxury. As self-made millionaires, the couple made sure that their children had the best opportunities possible. This included a private education, plenty of extra-curricular activities and several incredible holidays.  READ MORE: Kate Middleton body language is different as she 'suppresses smile' Nowadays, the Duchess of Cambridge is lucky enough to call incredible residences such as Kensington Palace and Anmer Hall her home. Also, her younger brother James has a stunning £1.45million Berkshire home with his wife, Alizee Thevenet. Middle sister Pippa is also doing incredibly well as she and her husband James Matthews and their two children, Arthur and Grace, can call a beautiful £17million Chelsea townhouse their home. The family also have the use of the Matthews’ family's Scottish estate, Glen Affric.  It was reported that Pippa and James Matthews had bought the rundown Bucklebury Farm and deer park near Carole and Michael Middleton's home in Berkshire. Hedge fund manager James and Pippa reportedly splashed out £800,000 transforming a struggling petting zoo and expanding it to include a café with outdoor seating and a farm shop. Plans outlining the couple's vision revealed that visitor numbers have been limited to 400 people a day and the venture has added an expected £2.3million to the local economy. What does it look like?  Bucklebury Farm Deer and Safari Park is a 70-acre farm nestled in the beautiful Pang valley in West Berkshire. The farm is home to an extensive deer herd with four different breeds including Red deer, Sika, Fallow and Axis. The additional tractor rides offer visitors special up-close access to this wonderful herd. The farmyard is home to a small herd of rare breed Berkshire Pigs, Pygmy and Anglo-Nubian goats, Alpacas, Donkeys, Shetland Ponies, Lambs and a variety of chickens.  It was also reported that the team had registered a company called 'Pippa's Playground'. But it remains to be seen whether it will act as the farm's new name or whether it will play a part in the interior of the venture. Pippa and James Matthews are following in the footsteps of self-made millionaires Carole and Michael Middleton with their business investments. Carole owns a fancy dress business called Party Pieces. 