Married At First Sight Australia 2022 aired earlier this year and it saw Holly Greenstein and Andrew Davis go through the wringer with their relationship. Their turbulent romance came to a head when Holly slammed her ex for writing her off from day one. She has since spoken out about whether she has heard from Andrew since leaving the series. Andrew quit season nine of Married At First Sight after his relationship with Holly blew up. Holly said on reflection it would have been nice for Andrew to have "been honest" about his feelings for her. When Andrew walked out of the dinner party and did not return, Holly broke down in tears. He had explained he had certain requirements in his mind about who he wanted in his daughter's life. Holly, unfortunately, did not fit the bill and it appears the pair are still keeping their distance. READ MORE: Holly MAFS Australia: Has Holly Greenstein got a new boyfriend? Holly told Yahoo: "I’ve had zero communication with Andrew since the show and I’m happy with that." She also claimed she had been matched with the wrong partner, adding: "I asked for someone who would be on my team, someone who wanted a family, and someone who maybe would be open, honest and genuine - they got it wrong." It's not all doom and gloom for Holly as she has since found a new love interest. She said the pair were "really strong" and they "continue to work on" any hurdles. The reality star assured fans she was in "a very positive relationship". Holly is on Instagram and she has been keeping fans up to date with her life post-MAFS. In April she shared a series of photos of herself with her new man at Broad Beach. She said: "So lucky the man loves to #travel. Quick trip to the beautiful #broadbeach being spoilt with dinner at @missmoneypennysgc." Fans went on to call the pair a "cute" couple. They also went on a road trip to the blue mountains together, as well as Cairns. DON'T MISS...Jess and Dan MAFS Australia: What happened to Jessica and Dan? [INSIGHT]Melissa and John MAFS Australia: What happened to Melissa and John? [EXPLAINER] What happened after MAFS Australia's Domenica and Olivia's feud? [INSIGHT] At the start of April she thanked fans who had supported her during her emotional MAFS journey. She said: "A huge shout out and smile to all those who supported me on this crazy #MAFS journey. "I got a raw deal, but I also received so much love and support from unexpected corners. I choose to stay positive. "I choose strength, I choose myself, I choose self-love above all else. The rest will come." As for Andrew, fans seemed to spot the star on the dating app Tinder and he described himself as a "Texas-born triathlete, world traveller and ex-teacher". Following his departure from the show, Andrew failed to appear in the reunion episode. The star does not seem to have much of a social media presence at the moment. Speaking about her wedding day on MAFS, Holly said she was not nervous at all. She said: "I'd gotten my nails done, I had this incredible designer dress, I had my makeup done, I felt great. "Then I started to walk down the aisle and he turned around and my heart just dropped. “He kind of had this cheesy smile and an air of fakeness around him.” The star said she was willing to give him a chance and did not want to rule anything out straight away.  Married At First Sight Australia is available to watch on All4.