The tunnel is one of a total of 35 found beneath a temple at Chavín de Huántar, an archaeological site located in the north-central Andes, some 270 miles north of Lima. A UNESCO World Heritage Site, Chavín de Huántar is believed to have been occupied as early as 3000 BC, with ruins and artefacts dating back to around as early as 1200 BC. Between 900–500 BC, the locale was occupied by the Chavín, a major pre-Inca culture. According to experts, during the time of the Chavín culture, the site served as a gathering place for the the people of the region to come together and worship. In fact, it is believed that Chavín de Huántar may have been important site for people from many nearby regions as well. Social instability saw the larger Chavín culture begin to decline between around 500–300 BC, during which the important open-air space known as the “Circular Plaza” was replaced by a small village. Over time, a succession of cultural groups subsequently occupied the plaza — reaching into at least the 1940s, with residents taking building stones and carvings from the ruins to construct their houses. The path to the new tunnel’s discovery began back in 2019, when archaeologists from Stanford University used a robotic camera to explore a small duct found in one of the ruins at the Chavín de Huántar site. This effort revealed the presence of a gallery which appeared to have an object at its centre. While the coronavirus pandemic delayed further investigations, the team were recently able to enter the gallery for a better look. These tunnels, the researchers said, predate the construction of the overlying temple’s galleries — and were likely constructed between 1200–200 BC. READ MORE: Archaeology: 134 new settlements found north of Hadrian's Wall Stanford University archaeologist Dr John Rick said: “It's a passageway, but it's very different. It's a different form of construction. “It has features from earlier periods that we've never seen in passageways.” The mysterious object spotted in the 2019 camera survey, meanwhile, was found to be a sculpted ceremonial stone bowl, which include wings on either side and the carving of the head of a condor. Based on this artefact, the team have decided to name the space in which it was found “the gallery of the condor”, which they said was likely a purely ceremonial space. DON'T MISS:Russia to cut gas from two EU nations gas in HOURS [INSIGHT]Spain’s 'alternative plan' to cause 'substantial damage' to Putin [ANALYSIS]Russia takes on NATO and WIPES OUT drone amid ‘stalled’ invasion [REPORT] Chavín de Huántar has long been famous for its underground tunnels. In fact, the archaeological site lent its name to a military operation undertaken in Lima back in the December of 1997. Operation Chavín de Huántar saw 142 commandos from the Peruvian Armed Forces storm the Japanese ambassador’s residence in Lima to rescue hundreds of hostages who had been captured by 14 members of the Túpac Amaru Revolutionary Movement. To gain access to the property, the military dug tunnels under the ambassador’s residence from neighbouring buildings, blasting through the floor using explosives.