The home was situated in Dover, great for those wanting to live near the coast. However, the two-bedroom terraced home was in dire need of renovation, and with a guide price of £110,000, it was sold to father and son team Frank, Adam and Daniel for £130,000. They boosted the value by changing one room to include an extra bedroom. In comparison, the average house prices in Dover at the moment are £239,017, according to Rightmove. On the episode of Homes Under the Hammer, presenter Dion Dublin was shocked at the entranceway to the home, which had completely rotted away. He said: “Now I’m thinking to myself, could you somehow fit a bathroom off one of these bedrooms, to create a third bedroom? “The third bedroom would be the existing bathroom right now.” READ MORE: Jo Brand has 'brilliant time' at home in quiet Kent town After purchasing the property, Daniel visited the home to see its current state, and had spotted a problem. He said: “The ceiling in the kitchen is asbestos so I’ll be getting a specialist in to remove that, I don’t really want to be taking a chance with that one.” Daniel also planned to carve a third bedroom out of the upstairs layout as well as giving the place a top to bottom refurb. With a budget of up to £25,000, the family got to work to transform the home. DON'T MISS:Artificial lawn warning after Katherine Ryan’s balcony caught fire [WARNING]Grand Designs viewers 'love' £170k ranch-style home in Glasgow [VIDEO]Homes Under the Hammer buyer spends £12k to boost London home by £353k [COMMENT] The outside of the property had been painted as well as the flooring fixed, lined with laminate throughout. The house was also changed to be open-plan, allowing light to flow more freely. But it didn’t come together easily as one of the walls in the home gave way. Daniel said: “It gave way when we removed the plasterboard in the hallway. It was just lime mortar, so it wasn’t very stable. So we had to build that back up in concrete blocks.” Upstairs, the dated bathroom had been transformed into a third bedroom, moving the bathroom into a section of one of the other rooms. With a lot of hurdles to jump, did the family stick to their budget? Daniel explained: “We’ve spent just over £27,000. I think we sort of over-egged the budget at the beginning. That was quite lucky because there was a lot more to do than we anticipated.” With a total spend of £157,000, local estate agents came to view the property to see how much profit they could be making. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea A recent study by Rightmove unveiled that buyers pay almost £68,000 extra to move from a two-bed property to a three. This is due to the demand for bigger homes rising during the pandemic, with many wanting more room for a home office. One local estate agent said: “Well I am really impressed, it is so nice to go into a place where somebody has really taken the time to do a good job. “They’ve done everything, which is first class. I can’t talk so happily about it. “I would market this property at £190,000.” The other estate agent said the home could sell for as much as £200,000. If the family can achieve the higher valuation of £200,000, they could make a pre-tax profit of £43,000.