The Dry has just arrived on the streaming service Britbox and it is set in modern-day Ireland. The episodes explore the trials and tribulations of family life whilst trying to stay sober. The TV series is made up of eight instalments and Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the cast. Leading the cast is Roisin Gallagher as Shiv, who heads back to Dublin after years of living and partying in London. She has sobered up and made a better life for herself but returning to her dysfunctional family makes staying dry difficult. Roisin Gallagher is known for her previous roles in The Fall and Nowhere Special. She told the Irish News she was excited to read the script for her latest role. The star added: "I just felt really connected to Shiv and what she had to say and the way she had to say it- and the use of humour in the script." READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Andrea Tate returns as she's Gabby's stalker Tom is Shiv's father in the series and he is played by Ciarán Hinds. The 69-year-old actor is known for his various roles on stage and screen. He said of his latest role: "Tom believes he is what we call a good enough parent." His most notable credits include Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part Two, Shetland and Game of Thrones. He is married to French-Vietnamese actress Hélène Patarot and they have a daughter together. Shiv's mum Bernie is usually found drinking and spying on her neighbour. She is convinced he has murdered his wife and cannot help but get involved. Bernie is played by Pom Boyd, a writer and actress known for Frank of Ireland and Vanity Fair. Opening up about her character in The Dry, the star said: "She's been married to Tom for I think about 40 years. "She's depressed, actually. She's sad." DON'T MISS... Steph McGovern and partner forced to make change due to daughter [INSIGHT] How many episodes are in Why Didn't They Ask Evans? [EXPLAINER] Why Didn't They Ask Evans cast: Who is in the Britbox series? [INSIGHT] Caroline is Shiv’s cold and stern younger sister who works at a fracture clinic. She is played by Siobhán Cullen, known for her roles in The Long Call, Origin and Paula. The star is on Instagram and she paid tribute to her fellow cast and crew ahead of The Dry's release. She said: "@nancyfallonharris has written some of the funniest and most moving scripts I’ve ever read, @louisekielycasting & @element_pictures gathered the best team and Paddy Breathnach shaped something special (@roisingni will blow you away). Hope you enjoy! Cheers." Shiv's former boyfriend Jack is played by Moe Dunford, a 34-year-old actor known for playing Aethelwulf in Vikings. He had also starred in Dublin Murders, An Crisis and The Texas Chainsaw Massacre. The star is on Instagram and he shared a tribute to his co-stars on The Dry. He said: "Had a joy playing Jack on ‘The Dry’, with the wonderful, brave @roisingni, who plays Shiv Sheridan & goes on a rollercoaster of a journey over 8 eps. "Amazing scripts by @nancyfallonharris, Directed by Paddy Breathnach. Looking forward to people meeting Shiv &The Sheridans, & Jack the lad." [Sic]  Ant is played by newcomer Adam John Richardson whose previous credits are Intruder and Vikings: Valhalla. On Twitter, he said: "What a joy to be a part of this production." He shared an interview with Britbox and said of his character: "He kind of got that treatment of 'Oh, he's the younger sibling. "'He'll be grand, we've had three others." The Dry is available to watch on BritBox now.