The event on Sunday was the first out of a range of events lined up to celebrate the Queen’s 70th year on the throne. The star-studded event, which included horse displays, comedy, and singing and acting performances, featured Katherine Jenkins, Tom Cruise, and Sir David Jason.   The event encapsulated the history of the monarchy from Queen Elizabeth I to Queen Elizabeth II. In one of the introductory performances for the evening, Helen Mirren took on the role of Queen Elizabeth I, having won an Academy Award for her portrayal of Queen Elizabeth II in the film ‘The Queen’. As the camera panned to the Queen, it seemed to many that the Monarch was not very amused by the performance.   However, during Dame Helen’s performance, Her Majesty had a straight face which caused fans to take to social media to express their thoughts. @Twistpile tweeted: “She was extremely engrossed in all of it…though slightly more animated when horses were present, when some of the singing was occurring one could almost imagine her thoughts ‘yes very nice…now where have the horses gone.’” Meanwhile @Charlesmilleruk said: “She looked bored through quite a lot of it and sometimes even looked annoyed.” READ MORE: Putin's 'Iron Doll' claims Ukraine WAVE was Nazi salute Another wrote: “The Queen’s face after the Helen Mirren bit” along with four cry-laughing emojis. Many fans enjoyed Mirren’s performance with one saying: “Amazing performance by Dame Helen Mirren reciting the greatest monarch England ever had, Queen Elizabeth the First before the amazing Queen Elizabeth the second. “Long may she live and reign.” The Queen opted to wear a grey or platinum silver shawl studded along the hem with diamantes on top of a light blue dress embroidered with flowers matched with black shoes and a black handbag. DON'T MISS: Shock poll shows less than HALF of Scots want to keep Royal Family (POLL)Deborah James on her initial bowel cancer symptoms (INSIGHT)Putin's invasion takes another blow as rocket launch fails (REVEAL)  Another moment of potential contention arose when the host Omid Djalili was given the role of keeping the audience entertained and made a joke about the Queen missing the State Opening of Parliament last Tuesday, which some people had expressed anger about. He said: “Thank you for choosing us over the State Opening of Parliament” and the Queen simply gave him a wave in return. Other parts of the show had the Queen beaming and looking rather animated, and a particularly moving moment occurred when her granddaughter Lady Louise drove the late Prince Philip's carriage. 