Pigeons will not hesitate to attack crops or damage your plants in search of food, and they could be transporting harmful diseases to your garden in the process. Unfortunately, pigeons can be tough to move on once they’re nested on your property, but it can be done with the right tools and a bit of patience. Here’s how to get rid of pigeons in your garden. The key to getting rid of pigeons in your garden is preventing access to food sources. Birds are not picky eaters, and will feed on everything from seeds, grains and breadcrumbs, to fruit and worms - so how can you target them all at once? Fantastic Pest Control said: “In order to keep the parasite-laden demon spawn at bay, it is best to employ multiple pigeon countermeasures. “The best place to start on your quest to rid yourself of your feathered housemates is to survey the exterior of your home and make nesting areas as inhospitable as possible.” READ MORE: Oven cleaning: How to clean oven door glass under 5 minutes - ‘cheap’ While you may not be actively feeding pigeons in your garden, bird feeders and breadcrumbs scattered on your lawn will be doing it for you. If you want to continue feeding wildlife in your garden, there are a few things you can do to make feeders inaccessible to unwanted pigeons. The Royal Society for the Protection of Birds (RSPB) said: “Avoid certain food and mixes that contain whole grains such as corn, wheat and barley that are likely to be eaten by large birds like pigeons.” Switching to a smaller feeder is also worth doing in order to stop sizable pests from getting to the mix. Compost, waste bins and fallen birdseed are all attractive food sources for hungry pigeons, so it is important to keep on top of them if you are trying to avoid unwanted visitors.The easiest way to do this is to: DON'T MISS:Red spider mites: Steps to take this month to deter pests [INSIGHT]Property features that could knock £55,400 off your home’s value [REVEAL]Can you bring back plants from your holiday? 3 key rules [ANALYSIS] This is an old gardener's trick to deter birds, but it really does work. It is common to see gardens adorned with CDs or other shiny surfaces which are used to reflect sunlight and scare away unwanted visitors. When the shiny discs are hit by sunlight, it creates a prism effect that can temporarily affect the pigeons’ eyesight. This makes your garden an uninviting nesting spot for new pigeons and will encourage existing nests to flee from your outdoor space. While pigeons have few predators, owls and snakes are a sure-fire way to keep pigeons away from your plants. Buy a life-size plastic owl or snake and place it on a patio, deck or roof to deter unwanted birds. Cats and dogs love exploring the great outdoors, and they can do so safely in the comfort of the garden. Let your pet outside more often to scare away pigeons from fences, lawns and rooftop nests.