Alize Cornet had admitted she felt "abused" by the home crowd at the French Open after being forced to retire 0-6 0-3 down to debutant Qinweng Zheng. The world No 40 was carrying two leg injuries and arrived onto court with both thighs heavily strapped before ultimately forfeiting the match as she was barely able to move. Cornet has responded after the Court Philippe-Chatrier crowd booed and whistled at her when she was forced to retire her third round match after losing all nine games. The 32-year-old lasted just 44 minutes on the court as she was clearly physically hampered throughout the one-sided contest. And the Nice-born player admitted she felt as though the whistling from the fans was "abuse" in an emotional post-match press conference. "The whistles almost hurt me more than the injury itself. It's abuse," she stated after the match. "When you see everything I've been giving on the court for years, it's unfair." The former world No 11 also revealed she was suffering with a tear in her adductor, and explained why she still went out onto the court and attempted to give the home fans a show. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic's coach disagrees with Serb over Alcaraz at French Open  "With the pain, at some point it no longer makes sense to continue", she said, explaining her decision to retire. "It was my decision to go on the field but I was never going to forfeit a Grand Slam, I tried." Eurosport commentators also slammed the crowd for booing one of their own, especially following Cornet's dazzling 6-0 1-6 6-3 win over former champion Jelena Ostapenko in Thursday's night session on the same stage. "She tried her best, you could see how hampered she was. She doesn't want to stop here, now on this court," Jo Durie said. DON'T MISSDjokovic and Nadal will play 'greatest ever French Open quarter-final'Emma Raducanu 'forgot' she won US Open and discusses being 'absorbed'Boris Becker's estranged wife lets rip at jailed star  "Nonsense to boo her, she gave 15,000 people one of the times of their lives a couple of days ago and now she's paying the price for it," Frew McMillan added. Cornet is the latest player in the women's singles draw to be struck by injury in their match. Karolina Muchova rolled her ankle during her own third round battle on Friday while leading by a set, and lost all seven games she played after the match, going from a 7-6(7) 2-2 lead to 7-6(7) 2-6 0-3 before she retired in tears to Amanda Anisimova.