Kate Middleton may be 40 years old but her face shows little signs of ageing. The Duchess of Cambridge has several beauty secrets; from using a face flannel every night to cleanse her face, to her favourite rosehip face oil which adds a healthy glow to her skin. Apparently, Kate also favours a “non-injectable organic Botox” serum in a bid to fight fine lines and wrinkles. While some celebrities favour cosmetic procedures to help their skin appear smooth and youthful, Kate is reportedly a user of Biotulin Supreme Skin Gel. The 100 percent vegan product is said to be an “anti-ageing treatment” that “reduces wrinkles”. Its official description claims to make the users look “visibly younger within 60 minutes”. Having been won over by Biotulin’s simple formula, Kate is said to have recommended the beauty product to Michelle Obama. READ MORE: Queen's 'rare' pink diamond wasn't originally designed for brooch The former First Lady’s makeup artist Carl Ray explained how one of Kate’s supposedly beloved products made it into Michelle’s beauty routine. He said: “Michelle Obama has been using this organic Botox gel regularly on the recommendation of Kate Middleton.” Carl went on to reveal how “the effect is unbelievable” when it comes to erasing wrinkles.” What exactly is Biotulin? The official website explained: “The topical gel is formulated with spilanthol, a biological local anaesthetic that is derived from the extract of the plant Acmella oleracea, and it is said to work by reducing muscle contractions and relaxing your features — particularly around the eyes and between the eyebrows.” DON'T MISS...Meghan had 'astonishing' feud at 'first party' she attended at Palace [INSIDER]Kate and William show 'emotional exhaustion' after 'comments by Harry' [BODY LANGUAGE]Kate Middleton and Princess Anne are 'not a complementary double-act' [EXPERT] Alongside spilanthol, the product contains baldy grass and hyaluronic acid. Blady grass, or imperata cylindrica, is a plant originating from the deserts of South America. It grows in the driest deserts, making it an expert in finding (and holding) moisture wherever possible. The blady grass extract means the product is intensely hydrating for the skin. The third ingredient is hyaluronic acid which is said to help the skin appear more supple. Biotulin added: “Unlike traditional Botox, which is an injectable, to use Biotulin all you need is to massage a drop of the gel into your face and neck. “While the gel’s smoothing effects aren’t long term, they do work to firm and reduce wrinkles in as little as one hour and can last up to 24 hours.” However, consistency is key for longer-term results. The product is £41.95 ($53) and can be bought direct or on Amazon. As for how well the product works, thousands left mixed reviews on Amazon, and it was given an overall rating of 3.5 stars out of five. Joanna Walker said: “Helps with wrinkles!!! I like it! I could feel my skin tightening!” Someone with the username Smarty Pants wrote: “This product is very effective in removing lines around eyes and forehead, neck and rest of face. Highly recommend.” Another commented: “I'm pretty sceptical about skincare claims, from many years of experience, so I decided to try this but didn't expect much. After one application, I waited until it dried and looked in my magnifying mirror. I blinked and looked again. "My skin actually looked better. It's subtle - this isn't botox - but my skin looked tighter and smoother. I'm 71, so my fine lines and wrinkles didn't disappear, but they looked better, younger. I can't claim long-term improvement, because I've only been using this for 4 days, but I can see a noticeable difference that I'm really happy about.” J Bulter, on the other hand, said: “Very disappointed after using this product every day for a month with no observable difference.” Nemaime agreed: “I have been applying this product diligently waiting to see any results. I do not see any difference at all. None. I would not buy this again.”