Charity (played by Emma Atkins) has been plagued with guilt on Emmerdale in recent scenes after reporting Noah Dingle (Jack Downham) to the police for stalking Chloe Harris (Jessica Elland). Given the severity of his behaviour, the youngster is facing time behind bars and he blames his mother for putting him in such a position, not that his own actions have led to this. In upcoming scenes on the ITV soap, the mother and son will struggle to get their relationship back on track and as a result, Charity could move away from the Dales. The drama continues in next week's episodes as the impact of Noah's behaviour ricochet around the village and other characters are brought into the storyline. One of these is Eric Pollard (Chris Chittell), who used to be the youngster's employer but given recent events, the stalwart breaks some news to the young man. He tells Noah he is no longer welcome to work at the Bed and Breakfast and he will not be getting any more shifts from now on. This angers the youngster as he doesn't understand why people are turning their back on him, but Mackenzie Boyd (Lawrence Robb) tries to stick up for him. Hearing her boyfriend defending the stalker, Charity is pleasantly pleased but she knows Noah has a long way to go yet. READ MORE: Natalie J Robb age: How old is Emmerdale's Moira Barton star? Later in the day, Charity thanks her partner for what he did for Noah, despite putting himself in the firing line as well. Having been arguing over the whole situation for a few days, the pair agree to put their differences to one side for the sake of Noah. As they try to get over the village turning on them, Charity is shocked to hear later in the week that the date for her son's court date has been confirmed. It's sooner than she thought as she is told it will be the second week of June, meaning he could be taken away from her within days. With the distance between her and her son not easing, she is heartbroken to think she can't really support him through this. Despite being at odds with her son, she tries to reassure him she will always be there for him, no matter where they are in their relationship. However, he doesn't take his mother's support well as the youngster rejects Charity and leaves her devastated once more. Fearing she keeps getting things wrong with her children and knowing Noah doesn't need her at the moment, the mother of four could go to stay with Debbie Dingle (Charley Webb). The mechanic is living in Scotland at the moment, having left the village last year for good and starting a new chapter of her life up north. Charity has gone to stay with her a few times but she could decide to move up there for a while to try and repair her relationship with her daughter. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale star Ash Palmisciano pays tribute to ‘role model’ late mum [COMMENT]Emmerdale star Liam Fox shows off fairytale home with co-star wife [PICTURES]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock 'shocked' over 'sheer weight' of stroke plot [COMMENT] She could feel although Noah has rejected her, trying to fix another relationship with her child could make her a better mother. Knowing a few weeks isn't enough time to make a big enough change, Charity could tell her boyfriend Mackenzie she is moving there for a few months. Of course, he would be devastated to realise they would be apart for so long but he could tell her he will visit her as much as he can. Mackenzie could tell his partner he will stay in the village to make sure things with the Woolpack tick over nicely. But will Noah realise he does need his mother's support and be heartbroken to discover she is leaving him to fend for himself? The actor who plays Noah, Jack, has spoken out about his character's thought process in the wake of being arrested and how Charity plays a part in this. Speaking with Express.co.uk and other media, the soap star said: "With his past around girls, he's not really acted well. "He's not acted in the right way and with his mum, Charity, and her very interesting relationships throughout his growing up. "I think it's all had a negative effect on women and how he should act around women. I think he's really got it all wrong," Could Charity move away because she knows she is to blame for her son's behaviour and can't stand the judgement of her neighbours? It seems if she were to move away, Charity would not be gone for long as the actress who plays her, Emma, has spoken out about her future on the show. Asked if she was going to stay two years ago, the soap star said: "More than happy, yes. "I'm not a big fan of complacency, and I guess with this job, playing the same character for years, there is the potential for that to happen. I always try to make each scene feel different and sound different. "I always try and inject joy and spirit into the scenes – so that, with any hope, the audience wouldn't ever think to use the word 'bland' to describe my character. "That would be game over," she told Digital Spy. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.