Queen Letizia and King Felipe VI of Spain welcomed Qatari royals in Madrid earlier today. This evening, the Spanish royals were photographed attending a Gala Dinner at the Royal Palace. For the occasion, Queen Letizia wore a long silver lace dress with fluted sleeves. The designer of the dress is currently unknown. It is a mermaid style dress, with a sheer layer set over a small camisole. The top layer is embroidered with silver and metallic swirls, with additional beading trim. The sleeves are fluted to add extra drama to the shape. READ MORE: Meghan ignores 'outdated royal protocols' by wearing shorts in America It comes in at Queen Letizia’s waist, before gliding over her hips and legs with a slight train. No crown or tiara was worn for the occasion. Instead, the monarch opted for a chic updo and accessorised the dress with a simple pair of diamond cluster stud earrings. She also wore her signature gold O ring which is from Karen Hallam. DON'T MISS...How to look younger: Get 'firm, tight-looking skin' in 4 steps [EXPERT]Queen’s favourite sandwich she's had ‘for every afternoon tea’ [ROYAL CHEF]Weight loss: Caffeine can ‘make it easier to lose weight’ [EXCLUSIVE] The designer’s website explains: “Handmade unique ring in solid silver. “Available in sterling silver, gold-plated silver and rose gold plated silver. Also available in solid gold. “The Solid Gold rings will take longer to make as they are ordered individually. “Signature ring worn by H.M. Queen Letizia of Spain. The perfect gift for her.” Royal fashion fans took to social media to comment on the Queen’s outfit. One said: “Queen Letizia looked amazing wearing a long sleeves gown with metallic embroidery and crystals at the gala dinner hosted for the Emir of the State of Qatar and his wife.” Another simply remarked: “Stunning Queen.” Some were disappointed she didn’t wear a tiara for the occasion. One said: “She didn't wear a tiara,” with a sad face emoji. Another chimed: “Why...no tiara ??” Sheikh Tamim Bin Hamad Al Thani, the Emir of Qatar, and Sheikha Jawaher Bint Hamad Bin Suhaim Al Thani are on a two-day state visit to Spain to Spain to strengthen political, economic, and diplomatic ties.