The xx singer Oliver Sim has revealed that he has been living with HIV for the past 15 years. Taking to his Instagram today, the star, 32, told how he felt it was time he went public about his HIV status. In view of his 38,900 followers, the singer made the announcement. He told how he penned the song Hideous explaining that it was "how he felt towards himself" following the diagnosis. Oliver wrote: "I’ve been living with HIV since I was 17 and it’s played with how I’ve felt towards myself, and how I’ve assumed others have felt towards me, from that age and into my adult life. "So, quite impulsively, I wrote it on a song called Hideous. I thought I could release it in the world and be done with it. READ MORE: Carol Kirkwood on ‘shocking’ divorce before meeting 'soulmate'  After playing the song to my mum, being the protective and wise mum that she is, she gave me some of the best advice I’ve ever received. "She suggested that I spend some time having conversations with people in my life first. "Either people I hadn’t told yet, or people I had told but hadn’t wanted to talk much further on it," he added. He went on: "Since writing Hideous, I've spent the past two years having those conversations, which was difficult and uncomfortable to start with, but has allowed me to feel a lot freer and has only strengthened my relationship with myself and with the people in my life." The bass player explained that he'd reached out to Scottish singer Jimmy Sommerville whose band, Bronski Beat's debut album, The Age of Consent, was acknowledged as a milestone for the gay community. Oliver penned: "I knew for Hideous I wanted a guardian angel to appear in the song and sing to me the words I needed to hear. "Not only has Jimmy been such a powerful voice around HIV and Aids for decades, but the man quite literally sounds like a guardian angel. "I reached out to him as a complete fan boy, but now consider him a real good friend," he admitted. DON'T MISS...Ainsley Harriott breaks silence as he saves sister from drowning [INSIGHT]Martin and Shirlie Kemp's 'dream come true' for future grandchildren [ANALYSIS]Bear Grylls' hopes for 'big' project with Meghan Markle & Prince Harry [UPDATE] The musician went on: "He encouraged me to do the song for myself. And most importantly, he reminded me not to take myself too seriously, no good comes from that! "Am I Hideous?’ feels far less like a question I’m asking the world now. I know the answer. "As scary as it feels, I’m excited to share this music with you, and I hope you enjoy it," he ended his statement. In his next post, Oliver went on to share a video for Hideous. The star was soon inundated with supportive messages from his fans. Many simply left rows of red hearts. ryanpfluger commented: "Just allllll the love. You the best." (sic) While theonlydetox penned: "My heart!" alongside a red heart emoji.