During Capricorn Moon transits, feelings tend to be more grounded, aloof, and direct, and the prevailing mood in the atmosphere promotes caution. Career and more ambitious drives take centre stage, and you might feel less interested in frivolous encounters. This might not sound like a lot of fun - but that’s quite the opposite, as the planet alignments throughout the day are due to spice things up a bit. The Sun will form a trine to transformative Pluto this morning, and you might feel a lot more resourceful and efficient than usual. This is a superb time to gravitate more toward people that will help you advance in your goals and ambitions. Cafe Astrology said: “We might enjoy an opportunity to draw upon our past and capitalise on our talents and resources. “Shared goals and interests connect us with others. READ MORE: Apollo 11 photos auctioned as NASA plots Moon return  “The focus now is on eliminating negative or superficial elements in our lives and going forward with more conviction as a result.” You might feel more energised and assertive to take action, which the Capricorn Moon energies will nicely compliment. Retrograde Mercury’s sextile to Jupiter tonight will also help you harness and identify additional beneficial opportunities. Cafe Astrology said: “While we benefited from focus and specialisation in the morning, a broader vision is important as the day advances.”  Thinking big might feel a lot more comfortable during this period, and it’s important not to shut down any new ideas that might arise. This transit will also present you with an opportunity to dig deeper into the events of the day, to truly understand the particulars. Astrology.com said: “You may be asked to move from ground level to a more supervisory role, or as a supervisor, you may have to cover for one of your people.  DON'T MISS:Moon colonisation breakthrough as lunar soil used to grow cress [INSIGHT]Plants to avoid when adding a ‘burst of colour’ to gardens [ANALYSIS]How to upcycle garden furniture: Six top tips to refresh your garden [EXPLAINED]    “In either case, you can learn more about the overall operations and forge helpful relationships.” These transits don’t come by often - maybe around twice a year - but generally six to seven years apart, and they mainly represent a boost or upward movement. This more profound atmosphere will help provide you with a much broader outlook, helping to make better decisions and clearly visualise your path. Astrology King said: “The positive thinking associated with this transit is another reason why looking ahead is ideal at the moment.” 