Cleaning windows can be a laborious task that most homeowners dread doing. But with a plethora of bank holidays coming up, many Britons will be getting their homes ready for guests, which may involve giving windows a clean. For those looking for a “professional-looking finish”, a cleaning expert at Homebase has shared their technique for cleaning windows. The expert also shared how to use a squeegee correctly to “stop streaks from appearing”. In a video from Homebase, an expert said: “Keeping the windows clean and streak-free can really improve the appearance of your home. “It doesn't take long to get a professional-looking finish.” The tools homeowners will need for cleaning windows are a bucket of water, a window cleaning detergent, cobweb brush or duster, a microfibre cloth and a squeegee. READ MORE: Oven cleaning: ‘The right technique’ to clean oven door glass properly Before applying water to windows, homeowners need to remove loose dirt and dust. Homeowners should give the windows a dust down from “top to bottom”. The experts added: “Working from top to bottom prevents areas you've already cleaned from getting dirty again. “Don't forget to brush off the window sill.  DON'T MISSPaint expert: Three common decorating mistakes to avoid [INSIGHT]Grace Kelly's family home was 'inviting' like 'English pub' [UPDATE]Foxes ruining your garden? Gardening pros claim this free hack 'works' [ANALYSIS]  “Fill your bucket with water and add some detergent. “Wet your microfibre window washer and start scrubbing the window.” The experts said homeowners should “always” start at the top and work down the window. This means any dirty water won’t drip onto areas that have already been cleaned. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Next, it’s time to squeegee the window dry. The experts continued: “First, wet the blade of your squeegee then firmly wipe the window working from top to bottom. “You can stop streaks from appearing by cleaning the squeegee blade with a rag between strokes. “Now give the window sill a quick wipe with your rag to clean off the last of the grime.”  When cleaning windows, homeowners should ensure they choose a day when it’s not sunny. Direct sunlight can overheat glass and cause the streaking. The heat from the sun means the product in the water will dry too quickly. Choose a cooler day or clean windows early in the morning so there’s less risk of streaking.