Charles set out the Government's legislative agenda in a speech provided by the Government at the State Opening of Parliament on Tuesday. He was standing in for the Queen who was unable to attend due to ongoing mobility issues. However, not everyone appeared to welcome Charles's involvement. Twitter user @PaddyAMetis said: "Note to self. do not give 'cost of living' update while sitting on solid gold throne." While @BlueRoseCode added: "Had to turn off the news. I cannot watch an old man, draped in gold finery, reading nonsense about the ‘UK’s success’ and tackling a cost of living crisis that he can scarcely understand the theory of let alone experience. "It’s 2022, this anachronistic mess must end." Fellow Twitter user @gramatter also laid into the prince over the cost of living crisis.  They said: "As he sits on his gold throne next to a hat made of precious jewels, English Prince Charles adorned with bogus medals talks about how his Government will solve the cost of living crisis. "Meanwhile, thousands of his subjects are forced to use food banks." Express.co.uk readers rushed to defend Charles, who appeared solemn but at ease reading the Queen's Speech for the first time. Reader Ferntree@Upwey raged: "If you don't appreciate the Royal Family with their pomp and ceremony go and live somewhere else or keep your opinions to yourself."  READ MORE ABOUT A WARNING OF A UK RECESSION Fellow reader Radiotimes praised Charles, saying: "He did an excellent job for his mother. "Camilla and William looked so regal albeit William a tad nervous. They will all be fitting leaders when their times come as will Catherine." Uk Old Codger chimed in: "Charles did a great job. He will be a good king." Fellow reader Retep13 added: "These people have a lack of [understanding] of Great Britain and [its] history. I feel sorry for them."  DON'T MISS: Just Eat success uncovers 'greedy' takeaway owner's £350k tax fraud [REVEALED] POLL: Should government pay to replace ALL boilers with heat pumps? [POLL] Prince Harry and Meghan Markle pick place to stay for UK return [LATEST] The prince, who is the longest serving heir to the throne, made history as he read the 874 words of the Queen's Speech during the historic proceedings, discharging his most kingly duties to date. Queen Elizabeth's absence was made more poignant with the Imperial State Crown placed on a velvet cushion in front of the empty space where she would have sat. While Charles discharged the Queen's duties, he does not yet get to sit on her throne. This was underlined as the space left in the chamber by her missing throne was preserved.  And rather than moving the prince's seat to the centre, it was set to the side in its regular position under the golden canopy. Addressing those who criticised the prince, Express.co.uk reader Maggie Rob said: "The man stood in for his elderly mother and followed her wishes. Stop knocking him." Fellow reader RogerToft commented: "Charles merely read a speech composed by the government. "His mother would have done the same. It is unfair to criticise either for simply doing what they have to do."  Racon fumed at the critics: "Of course the pomp and ceremony is an anachronism for those who do not understand British heritage. "This is part of OUR CULTURE, not others. It also brings in millions of tourist pounds every year. Go read your history books before sniping at the way things are done here." On the Royal Family, Myview2day commented: "These are the people who relentlessly try to use their position to do some good in this world and particularly our country. "There are plenty of people with money who do nothing for anyone. And what do our RF get? Criticised and made fun of relentlessly, a lot of the time by people who are ignorant of how our country is even governed." 