Charity (played by Emma Atkins) has been so busy running the Woolpack in recent months on Emmerdale, she has had no time at all to spend quality time with her family. Therefore, she has no idea her son, Noah Dingle (Jack Downham), has been stalking Chloe Harris (Jessica Elland) and his behaviour has escalated uncontrollably. In upcoming scenes on the ITV soap, she will finally discover his secret and will be horrified her child has been capable of this but in order to ensure no one else finds out, the troubled teenager could take extreme action against his mother. The drama continues with the stalking plot in next week's flash-forward episodes, where it will be revealed someone has fired a gun. With several characters at the heart of the explosive instalments, there are many people who could be shot down by an unknown assailant. One of these could be Charity but there will be some unsettling drama which occurs in the lead up to the weapon being fired. Having no idea how closely Noah has been watching her over the past several weeks, Chloe agrees to spend the day with him at his house on their own. This helps as a distraction from being rejected by Nate Robinson (Jurell Carter) and so she is happy to be given some attention. READ MORE: Last Kingdom’s Father Benedict star's disappointment over season 5 The day seems to be going well and Chloe is lost for words at how lovely Noah is being, including putting her favourite music on in the background. However, it's not long before she finds her missing house keys in his house, which she hasn't stepped inside since she lost them. Unsettled, she confronts the teenager, who manages to talk his way out of the situation and get Chloe back on side, or so he thinks. Privately, she is shaking inside as she knows this might not be the full extent of the strange things that have been going on he could be connected to. Needing evidence, she sends the youngster out to the shops to get some of her favourite snacks and he happily agrees to go. When he's out of the house, Chloe quickly turns on his laptop and she sets about going through his files to see what she can find. Unfortunately, her worst fears are confirmed as she finds pictures of her and video footage of her he has filmed on his drone. The penny drops he has been stalking her for weeks and he is also about to walk through the doors and find her sitting at his laptop. Noah eventually returns home, pleasantly pleased with himself for having got what he believes to be the perfect snacks for Chloe. However, he notices the atmosphere has become frosty and he realises she has made a discovery when she confronts him again. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Rebecca Sarker left 'bruised and battered' after tough day [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock's emotional farewell as co-star leaves soap [COMMENT]Zoe Henry's gripe with husband Jeff Hordley's Cain Dingle - 'Fuming!' [COMMENT] As the situation turns heated, he refuses to let Chloe take his laptop to the police and he attempts to trap her inside his house. Luckily, Charity walks in at the right time as she catches her son in the act trying to prevent Chloe from leaving the premises. With his mother now in on the secret and with Chloe scared about what he might do to her, Noah could turn around and lock both women in the house. Knowing her son is out of control, Charity could try to talk him down and reason with him, believing she can prevent this from blowing out of control. Unfortunately, desperate for his mother to stay quiet, he could end up taking a gun he has been hiding and shooting her. With Charity bleeding out and Chloe not allowed to leave the house, the soap veteran could die as her son plays his most sinister card yet. Feeling as if his world is falling apart and with a death now on his conscience, will Noah hand himself into the police? The actor who plays Noah, Jack, spoke with Express.co.uk and other media to explain how Charity becomes part of the storyline. Jack explained: "Charity walks in on a very heightened situation with Chloe being really distraught about what Noah has done. "Noah is in a panicked state and he doesn't know what to do and he's trying to keep her quiet." "And then as soon as Charity sees it, she knows what's going on and it just goes downhill from there," the young soap star continued. So Noah could really kill his own mother if it came to it but Jack has said he is not surprised his character has turned out this way. "With his past around girls, he's not really acted well. He's not acted in the right way and with his mum, Charity, and her very interesting relationships throughout his growing up. "I think it's all had a negative effect on women and how he should act around women. I think he's really got it all wrong," he continued. So could this be another reason he kills Charity as he blames her for the way he has turned out? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.