BBC One's Here We Go follows the Jessop family as they navigate their way through day to day family life. Mum Rachel (played by Katherine Parkinson) deals with the daily struggles of her children, Amy (Freya Parks) and Sam (Jude Morgan-Collie), as well as her unemployed husband Paul (Jim Howick). When speaking about the time spent filming the series, Katherine opened up about some of her favourite scenes. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk and other press, Katherine touched on a scene in the first episode where the family rushed to spend the day at the Jungle Kingdom after forgetting about their Wowcher voucher. They encounter some trouble on the way and end up arriving at the park just minutes before the park closes, but not before Rachel manages to get a hole in one on her only shot. Katherine explained: "It makes sense that Tom (Basden) wrote the role for me because I have always been a keen golfer. "I just thought, 'wow, somebody knows about my golfing skills', it was actually one of my favourite scenes to film, it was just something fun. READ MORE: 'It was a big risk' Steph McGovern opens up on viewing figures "But then again, I have lots of favourite scenes, the paddling pool day was lovely because the production kept the water nice and warm, and the sun was out. "I also enjoyed the Italian restaurant scenes because I’m a big fan of being seated in a restaurant, and also the scenes with any of the dogs. "The cast were all so lovely and funny that the whole thing was easy, plus I am so grateful to Jim for making us all laugh constantly throughout the whole process," she praised. Katherine also touched on the dynamics of Rachel and Paul's relationship and expressed that Paul "pushed" her as an actor. "I don't think I made a decision to play the higher status, but I think Paul pushed me to not really have a choice. "I mean, he doesn't work, but I think the thing that is really difficult is that he is quite cramped because of his Olympic past. "He's an ex-Olympian, and he does give off this grandness that Rachel finds difficult to endure, but they met very young. "I think they love each other very much, and that is the saving grace of their relationship, but their marriage is not perfect, which is very relatable. DON'T MISS...Here We Go star Alison Steadman recalls 'weird feeling' on-set  [INSIGHT]Alison Steadman admits to 'getting old' whilst filming for comedy  [LATEST]Here We go star Jim Howick praises co-stars whilst filming  [WATCH] "When we were filming, I did find myself getting a bit frustrated with Paul and also feeling sorry for Rachel having to deal with him, but his heart is always in the right place." The second episode synopsis, which is set to air on Friday, April 6, reads: "Unwilling to give up his dream of making a living from his former Olympic Archery days, Paul sets up a Youtube channel and sets about making fitness videos with Sam. "Rachel, meanwhile, decides it’s time for Amy to get a real job and helps her to prepare for an upcoming interview that she discovers is with one of her old classmates from school. "When Rachel’s attempts to butter up her old schoolmate go awry, it’s down to Paul to salvage some family dignity at a local school sports day. "He has offered to give out the prizes to promote his YouTube channel, shortly after his new fitness drive has pushed his body to the limit." Speaking about his character, Jim Howick described Paul as a "tangled mess", with viewers soon realising he is more of a man-baby. "He is a tangled mess of a man, really, and he outwardly self-congratulatory and reasonably smug with his achievements, which is a big achievement. "Making the Olympic team of any sport is a big deal, and then that sort of encourages him and gives him the incentive to come up with the enterprises however niche." Here We Go air Friday from 8:30pm on BBC One.