Money saving expert and financial journalist Martin Lewis told Robert Peston on his ITV show that the cost of living crisis was a "political problem" and had to be solved by politicians. He said that Boris Johnson was his "great hope" and an instinctively "populist" politician while Chancellor Rishi Sunak was "theoretical"  Mr Lewis, who presents his own ITV money saving show, added that the public mood was "desperate" and "angry". He said: "The fact is the truth of this is a political problem and this has to be solved. Politicians are the ones with the leavers. "The difference between someone like me and the opposition is when I cajole and urge and plead. "And we should be pleading with the Government right now to put some money into people's pockets.  "I do that because I want them to, not that I want to expose the fact that they haven't. "I would be grateful to applaud them for doing something. "And I think that's the situation we're in right now. "My great hope is Boris Johnson, which may surprise people, but I say that because I think he's an instinctive populist politician who can see what's going on. READ MORE: Dawn Butler shares clip of eggs being sold beside Thatcher statue  "Rishi Sunak is more theoretical, he wants to balance the books in the long run. "But I think Boris Johnson is the one thing that keeps him where he is able to understand and lead the public mood. "The public mood is desperate, it's angry. "We may be moving towards this if we don't sort this when those bill rises come in October to £2,600 in the middle of winter, I worry about civil unrest. DON'T MISS:  Sturgeon's bizarre NATO ambitions torn apart by expert [REVEAL] Jamie Oliver slams Tories for ‘Eton mess’ after obesity U-turn [INSIGHT] BBC's Katya Adler in brutal Brexit trade war warning  [SPOTLIGHT]  "So the Government needs to get a handle on it and they need to get a handle on it quickly. "They need to listen and they need to stop people making choices whether they feed themselves or they feed their children. "We are in that now, we used to have a relative poverty condition in this country and we are moving to absolute poverty." It comes as inflation hit its highest level in 40 years, according to Sky News. Data from the Office for National Statistics (ONS) showed that over the last 12 months the price of Natural Gas had gone up 95.5 percent and 53.5 percent for electricity. 