Joining Piers Morgan on his TalkTV show Uncensored, Anne Robinson remarked she didn’t believe the couple would show up for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations. She went on to slam Meghan Markle and Prince Harry saying no one wants to hear what they have to say about helping the poor. Commenting on William and Kate, Piers stated: “You watch them tonight at the Top Gun premiere and they’r just a class act and they understand the less is more, don’t give big whiny interviews. “Obviously the comparison is Harry and Meghan who just seem to have gone completely rogue. They’re due back for the Jubilee, what do you think?” “I don’t think they’ll be at the Jubilee,” Anne replied. “I don’t know why they don’t understand they’re living in this stonking great house and I mean, you and I could sit at home doing video calls saying ‘Please help the poor today, I’m not getting off my backside.’” READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Debbie Webster reports Abi in revenge twist Piers agreed: “I find it’s the hypocrisy is what grates and also using the royal titles to make themselves very rich and then trashing the royals and the institution that afforded them the titles.” “I’m wondering if Meghan will find another step up,” Anne questioned. “Is there anyone greater?” Piers asked: “What is the next step up? Clooney maybe.” “Meghan is what I call last in the queue, first on the bus,” Anne laughed. TalkTV viewers were quick to comment with some praising Anne’s remarks about the Duchess. “Really enjoyed that interview, Ann was superb,” Edwin Mason commented. Christopher Tapping replied: “Never a truer word spoken. Loved this interview.” And, Louise Morris added: “Brilliant interview have her on the show every week.” DON'T MISS...'Get a life!' American audience in stitches as Sussexes mocked on TV [LATEST]Queen wants royal family around her after refusing to condemn Harry [INSIGHT]Prince Harry accused of 'destroying the Royal Family' [UPDATE] However, others were angered by Piers’ continued obsession with Meghan Markle. “I don't get why Meghan is included in the title of this video when they barely spoke about her. I also don't get the hostility against Meghan and Harry,” Fiorre20 posted. Gabzerelli5 added: “Piers seems to have a very strange obsession with trans people and Meghan Markle.” User Mango Juice complained: “Piers Morgan can't give a show without mentioning Meghan's name, he is so obsessed with her, goodness gracious, leave her name alone.” Meghan and Harry are expected to be in London for the Queen’s Jubilee celebrations with Lilibet and Archie also expected to fly over. It comes amid reports the couple have welcomed Netflix cameras into their home to film a docs-series as part of a $100million deal. A Hollywood insider told Page Six: “I think it's fair to say that Netflix is getting its pound of flesh.” Piers Morgan: Uncensored airs Monday-Thursday at 8pm.