Top Gear hosts Andrew 'Freddie' Flintoff, Chris Harris, and Paddy McGuinness are returning to viewers' screens for a new season of the thrill-seeking show. Joining This Morning presenters Alison Hammond and Dermot O'Leary on Tuesday, the trio spoke about the upcoming series and what fans can expect to see. Paddy also touched on a particular project they worked on, which consisted of codenames the BBC didn't allow him to use. Kicking off their interview, Alison asked: "Paddy, what have we got to look forward to? This is the 32nd series. "I can't believe it has been going on for so long, what can we look forward to? Obviously, there is this big Florida trip." Paddy began: "Yeah, that's on this Sunday. Obviously, with Covid and everything else, we had been limited to what we can do, so this time we have let the reins off. "We have gone out into the big wide world again, and we did an RV trip across the states, the three of us together, and we had such a good time. READ MORE: Gentleman Jack's Suranne Jones talks 'tiring' Anne Lister role "And do you know what? With what is going on at the minute with so much misery, it'll be nice this Sunday to just have some sunshine on the telly and a bit of laughter, and that is what it is all about." Dermot was particularly excited when he found out they had a chance to drive around in American police cars. Paddy explained a particularly funny incident which occurred when planning for the event and explained: "They said come up with an alter ego of your perfect cop. "We could pick the car too, and my detective was called Dirty Cobra because growing up, I used to love Dirty Harry, and I loved the film Cobra. "So it was going to be Dirty Harry and Lethal Weapon so Dirty Weapon, the BBC were like, 'We're not having that', so I said we will have Dirty Cobra, and then they let us have it." Co-star Freddie Flintoff chimed in and revealed: "He got into character, toothpick and everything, I was the Preston Ranger." They lived out their TV cop dreams and drove some iconic cars from TV shows such as Starsky and Hutch's Ford Gran Torino and Morse's Mark 2. The new series' first look trailer, which was released earlier this month, showed viewers they can expect bizarre and adrenaline-pumping activities with all sorts of vehicles. DON'T MISS...Top Gear release date: When is Top Gear back on BBC One?  [INSIGHT]Top Gear's Paddy, Freddie and Chris encounter trouble in new season [LATEST]Top Gear presenters reveal their favourite EVs [WATCH] And the Dirty 30 challenge, where they get behind the wheel of a line-up of Ford Crown Victoria police cars that have been modified with speed-boosting nitrous oxide. The new season will also include swamp buggy racing in Naples, Florida, in a marsh infested with alligators of all terrifying sizes. After the trailer was posted on the Top Gear official Twitter account, fans flooded the comments to express their excitement for the show's return. Claire Jones commented: "So excited for the return of Top Gear this weekend! It's the best show on TV!" @MrJames_Cannes9 added: "Cannot wait for Top Gear this weekend. Definitely shed a tear or two last season." Dom Allansal celebrated: "Is there seriously a better TV show than Top Gear? I don't think there is." Fans of the series were also delighted to see Freddie back with the team as he failed to make it out to Iceland to join his co-hosts for the ultimate off-road race up a volcano. Top Gear returns on June 5 on BBC One.