The smash-hit Netflix series has already undergone some huge changes to the stellar main cast following the departure of Regé-Jean Page and the addition of Simone Ashley and Charithra Chandran as the Sharma sisters. Now, the Bridgerton family itself will be affected by some unexpected casting news ahead of season three. Netflix has confirmed newcomer Hannah Dodd will step into the role of Francesca Bridgerton for the third season of the streamer’s popular romance. The role was previously portrayed by Ruby Stokes, who has departed the series to take on another major role for the streaming platform. Her Bridgerton character is described as “a bit of a mystery within her chatty, extroverted family". The description from Netflix goes on: “Despite her reserved nature, she goes along to get along when it comes to society affairs, fortified with a dry wit and pragmatism that confound the fickle ton yet seem to draw attention when she least desires it.” READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Tim Metcalfe gets devastating health update As her character begins to get older in the already confirmed third and fourth seasons, there’s a strong chance she could be at the centre of her own love story in due course. Hannah, 26, recently took on a stand-out role in Anatomy of a Scandal as the younger version of Sienna Miller’s character, Sophie Whitehouse. She has also appeared as a lead in two seasons of Find Me In Paris, as well as a recurring role in the period drama Harlots opposite Samantha Morton. Later this year, Hannah will be seen as part of the cast of Flowers In The Attic: The Origins, a prequel to the 2014 Lifetime movie starring Heather Graham and Ellen Burstyn. She is fast becoming a popular fixture for Netflix productions, as she has also already filmed her role in the streamer’s upcoming sequel to Enola Holmes, starring Millie Bobby Brown. Her predecessor, Ruby, is known for appearing in the films Una and Rocks. The actress, 21, has decided to part ways with the London marriage market after landing a leading role in another series for Netflix, Lockwood & Co. This project is being developed by writer-director Joe Cornish and is based on the young adult series by Jonathan Stroud. DON'T MISS:The Good Doctor season 5 theory: Shaun and Lea wedding called off [SPOILERS]Yellowstone fans spot plot hole with Jimmy and Mia showdown [BLUNDER]The Last Kingdom's Eliza Butterworth won’t return as Aelswith in movie [NEWS] Netflix’s official synopsis reads: “In London, the most talented teenage ghost-hunters journey nightly into dangerous combat with deadly spirits. “Among the many adult-staffed corporate agencies, one small startup is alone: Lockwood & Co. “Operated by two teenage boys and a psychically gifted girl who are a renegade trio free of financial motives, adult supervision and destined to unravel a mystery that will change history's course.” Meanwhile, Hannah’s Bridgerton role is only set to grow if the popular bodice-ripper goes beyond its third and fourth seasons. While season three will focus primarily on the second Bridgerton son, Benedict (Luke Thompson), it won’t take long before Francesca starts to get noticed by Queen Charlotte (Golda Rosheuvel) and the ton. The Netflix and Shondaland series is confirmed to go back into production this summer so, hopefully, new episodes will drop in just under a year’s time. Bridgerton seasons 1 and 2 are available to stream on Netflix.