Tomato plants are rewarding to grow, offering a delicious crop of juicy, red salad fruits once harvest season arrives. However, if you want to get the absolute best from your crop, there are some key care tips you should follow. According to Shannen Godwin, a tomato growing expert at bulb company J. Parker's, there are "several factors" which will "ensure the best flavour and biggest harvests". She said: "There are several factors that can affect the flavour of tomatoes, from picking the right varieties, managing temperatures, and ensuring optimal watering. "Unfortunately, British summers can be so unreliable that it's not usually as easy as letting nature do the work. "Following a few growing tips can really help to ensure you get the best out of your tomatoes when the weather might not be on your side." Before you embark on your tomato growing journey, it's important to pay attention to the specific variety of seeds you have purchased. Shannon said: "There are so many different varieties of tomatoes to grow. "When looking for the best flavour, choose a variety that ticks the boxes in terms of your personal taste. "If you prefer tomatoes with sweetness, cherry tomatoes such as Gardener's Delight offer juicy, bite-sized sweetness. "Sungold is another great choice for sweetness. As it is a yellow variety, it has less acidity, offering sweetness without any tanginess. "For a richer tomato flavour, Tomato Kakao is a more unusual variety, while Tumbling Tom Yellow is a more well-rounded option, balancing sweetness with acidity." READ MORE: How to get rid of snails from your garden - 6 easy and natural methods Though you might not realise it, much of the flavour of your tomatoes actually depends on the richness of their soil. Shannon explained: "Planting tomato plugs in soil that's rich in organic matter compost, and well-rotted manure can help to improve the flavour of the tomatoes. "Soil improver can also help enhance the soil and therefore the fruit while mulching around the tomato plants will increase moisture levels in the plant. Just make sure to leave a gap around the base of the plant so that the plant doesn't rot." As your tomato plant begins to flower, the expert recommended feeding with a nitrogen-rich tomato feed. Apply this every seven to 10 days once they have begun flowering. DON'T MISSGarden pests: ‘Most effective way’ to get rid of pigeons from gardens [EXPLAINER]How to kill moss on tarmac - 2 eco-friendly ways to ‘blitz’ driveway COMMENT]Does vinegar really kill weeds? The 'key time to apply' [INSIGHT] According to Shannon, a "common mistake" people make when growing their tomatoes is overwatering. She said: "Watering the tomato plants too much can reduce the intensity of the flavour and can make your tomatoes taste watery and mushy. "Each tomato variety will have different watering requirements, but usually, tomato plants need water a few times a week while they are growing." The key during the growing phase is to keep moisture levels in the soil consistent to avoid the soil from being waterlogged or completely dry. Once the fruit on the plant begins to ripen, you may be able to reduce the watering to one longer soak each week. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Maintaining a pruning schedule can ensure all of the nutrients and growth are focused on the fruit, rather than the rest of the plant. Shannon recommended pruning the side shoots of your plant regularly. Sunshine is key, and although we can't control how much sun we get in the UK, you can position your tomato plant to make the most of the golden rays that do arrive. Place your plant in the sunniest position of your garden and, if possible, try to keep the temperature as consistent as possible. Shannon said: "You may choose to grow tomatoes in unheated, covered glasshouses for this. "However, if this is too complex, the most important aspect of great-tasting tomatoes is helping the plants to get as much sunshine as possible."