Alison Hammond and her co-star Craig Doyle, who stepped in for Dermot O'Leary on Friday's This Morning were intrigued by a guest, called Katie Hardwick, who makes a living selling dead mice. Katie became a full-time taxidermist and reportedly makes £100,000 a year from her stuffed mice ornaments. However, her business left ITV viewers horrified, with some branding it "disrespectful". The East Sussex mother, who used to be an exotic dancer, often attaches her stuffed mice to stripper poles, tiny yoga mats and even small circus hoops. She explained her husband bought her taxidermy for beginners kit and her passion developed from there. Katie has also worked on rabbits and squirrels but made it clear they have all been roadkill. She explained: "I found them but I don't have time to be trawling the roads for roadkill so they come as and when." READ MORE: Piers Morgan rages ‘fame hungry’ Meghan will ‘hijack headlines She admitted larger animals are easier to work with than rodents, but her taxidermy forte has become mice, with her stuffing about five a day. However, Craig did not seem to approve of Katie's unusual profession and he said: "I have seen taxidermy in antique shops but they are in their natural position, like a hunting position or something like that. "But as far as I know, I have never been to a pole dancing mouse club before. "I can understand this argument that this is not a natural position for [mice], so is it respecting the dead animal?  "At least when it is in its natural position, be that a falcon or a fox, at least it is in its natural position. "Is this maybe taking the mickey out of the animal a little bit?" Katie admitted some people agree with Craig's comments but she stressed how her taxidermy makes her smile. "I just see it more as art and I personally think they look beautiful," she added. DON'T MISS...Barry Manilow's appearance on This Morning sparks frenzy  [MUST SEE]Alison Hammond shuts down Dermot over sex life probe [LATEST]Craig Doyle steps in to host This Morning for Dermot O'Leary [REACTION] Craig and Alison were curious to know who was buying her mice and Katie revealed it was mainly Americans who were placing orders. "You are making £100,000 a year, it is unbelievable," Alison gasped. The debate sparked fury among viewers at home, with many lashing out on Twitter over Katie's business. @Bambino commented: "I know they are only mice, but still I find this so disrespectful. #ThisMorning"  Fi added: "Can’t say I’ve ever woken up and thought, 'Today, I think I’ll try disembowelling a dead mouse.'" Karen Penny said: "I'd buy a mouse pole dancing as a cute talking point... If it's synthetic. But a real stuffed one... The little bodies are freaking me out completely. Just eeew. #ThisMorning" (sic) However, Emma adored the stuffed mice, adding: "I actually love these mice. They are already dead when she gets them, they are bred, killed and frozen for snakes to eat! So she isn’t physically killing them for this!" This Morning continues on Monday at 10am on ITV. 