Everyone wants to know how to look younger without spending thousands of pounds on magic creams or cosmetic procedures. Express.co.uk spoke to Harley Street Skin Repair Expert, Lorena Öberg and she shared the “best solution” to fine lines and wrinkles. Lorena said: "The sun can be harsh on your face and body and a higher SPF is a must when you are out in the sun. “This can be in the form of a moisturiser with SPF in it or a good SPF sun block under your moisturiser, or both. “Sunburn will have consequences in the form of wrinkles and hyper pigmentation (medical term for dark patches of skin) which is why it is important to wear sunscreen on your face every day. “Ultraviolet Rays (UV) will impact the skin by stimulating the melanocytes causing brown spots, dehydration (leading to fine lines and wrinkles), thinner skin, sagging skin and broken capillaries,” she added. READ MORE: Kate Middleton’s fashion choice which makes her ‘easier to photograph' “This is difficult to repair so prevention is the best solution. “Some of this damage can be long term and may need the help of peels or lasers in order to rectify. “You need to apply SPF with a minimum of SPF 30 for daily use when you are out in the sun and a top up of every 30 minutes is required because sweat will absorb the sunscreen/cream and it will evaporate. “Therefore, a regular top up application is absolutely necessary,” Lorena remarked. DON'T MISS...Food recall: Aldi recalls sandwich product over salmonella presence [NEWS]Kate Middleton re-wears Michael Kors dress & symbolic bee earrings [PICTURES]Weight warning: Pack of crisps a day could lead to gaining a stone [STUDY] “Especially the more active you are, the more regular you will need to apply it. “I advise all of my patients to incorporate SPF into their daily skincare regime all year round, not just in the summer months or when on holiday. “As a rule, a broad spectrum of sun protection to protect against sunburn, skin cancer, UVA and UVB is advisable. “As a tip, at night try using pure natural oils on your face and body to give your skin extra conditioning. “Oils are highly effective at moisturising and soothing the skin, particularly in the summer months when your skin has been exposed to the sun and suffering the effects of heat - as well as dreaded heat rash. “By applying natural oils this can also help even out skin tone and colour as well as preventing any skin imperfections if used daily,” Lorena said. Best overall: Soltan Protect & Repel Lotion SPF 50+, £16 Best for sensitive skin: Avene Intense Protect SPF 50+, £20 Best for mature skin: RoC Soleil Protect Moisturising Spray Location SPF 30, £18 Best for kids: Organic Children by Green People Scent Free SunCream SPF 30, £21.50 Best for dark skin: Supergood Unseen Sunscreen SPF30, £33 Best (less expensive) for dark skin: Bondi Sands Sunscreen Lotion SPF50+ Fragrance Free, £7 Best for sport: Neutrogena Ultra Sheer SPF45+, £14 Best for oily skin: La Roche Posay Anthelios Anti-Shine Sun Protection Invisible SPF50+ Face mist 75ml, £11 Sun creams were rated by expertreviews.co.uk.