Camilla and Charles today begin their Canadian royal tour to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. The pair landed this evening in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador. They will go on to visit the Government House, the official residence of the Lieutenant Governor of Newfoundland and Labrador, Her Honour The Honourable Judy M. Foote, to participate in various events. Camilla is known for her impeccable wardrobe and did not disappoint as she landed in St. John's. The Duchess donned a multicoloured polka dot dress with a smart white coat and black boots. Her boots were her staple suede black pair, which she has worn on multiple occasions in the past. She completed the look with a brown velour hat with a fluffy rim. READ MORE: Cleaning: ‘Most effective’ way to clean washing machine drawers Camilla's hat is one she has worn many times over the years, most notably to the Cheltenham Festival in 2019. This outfit was memorable as it was the same as what she wore in Canada today, except for the different coloured boots. Camilla's dress was cream and covered in grey, blue, black, and yellow polka dots. It featured a high neck and a pussy-bow blouse.  The Duchess' coat was white and fitted, featuring a small open collar. It was adorned with white beads around the collar, the shoulders, the sleeve cuffs, and the chest. These beads added a particular quirkiness to the coat. Camilla completed her look with a pair of black leather gloves and her trusty black velour boots. She also carried a black quilted Chanel handbag with a small handle and gold finishes. This bag is the Duchess' go-to accessory and is called the Coco Top Handle Black in a size small. It costs a whopping £3,350 and is emblazoned with the renowned Chanel logo. In the past two years, Camilla has worn the bag multiple times, and was spotted carrying it five times from October 2020 to March 2021 - even taking it to Greece with her in March 2021.  As for jewellery today, the Duchess donned a pair of simple dangling pearl earrings. Her make-up look was a little heavier than usual as she wore black eyeliner and thick lashings of black mascara. The Duchess' skin was lightly bronzed and her lips were a subtle pink. After landing, Camilla and Charles made their way up the steps of the Confederation Building, where they were greeted by Indigenous, provincial and federal leaders. Prince Charles then gave a speech, saying that he and Camilla are “ touched” to have been invited to Canada and that they acknowledge the Indigenous people who have lived here for “thousands of years".