Liverpool are set to pay an initial fee of just £5million for the Fulham star, who is expected to arrive at Anfield imminently. Carvalho has been one of the Cottagers' best players over the past year, having only made his first start for the club in May 2021. That start was given to him by Scott Parker, who was in charge of Fulham for their last season in the top-flight. One of their final games in the division before relegation was a 3-1 defeat at Southampton, with Carvalho selected on the wing. He marked his first start with his first goal, smashing in a shot off the bar with 15 minutes remaining. And that led to Parker hailing the youngster as the "one shining light" from his team's dismal performance. READ MORE: Newcastle on alert as Liverpool-linked star's agent admits Howe asset “It didn’t surprise me, he’s in the team because we’re searching for goals, we’re searching for someone to put the ball in the net and we’ve been searching for that for a little bit. He stepped into the side today to do that," Parker said. "At under-23 level he scores goals and he’s shown in training that he can do that so he was in the team today because he deserved to be in it, not because it was an opportunity to put him in, but because of the reasons that he showed. I’m delighted for him, there’s one shining bright light from today and that’s Fabio so that was a massive plus really.” DON'T MISS: Liverpool hero Carragher denied Gerrard visit in awkward exchange (NEWS)Liverpool rift between Klopp and Salah mooted - 'Doesn't feel right' (INSIGHT)Liverpool told to react to Haaland deal with their own mega signing (TRANSFERS) He backed up that impressive end to Fulham's relegation season by starring in their charge to the Championship final this term. He has scored 10 goals and notched eight assists to help Marco Silva's men win the second tier in style. The Portugual-born star's performances have also earned him a move to Liverpool, with the deal to be completed in the coming days. And if Parker's praise is anything to go by, it appears the Reds may have hit upon yet another bargain in the transfer market.