The head of the Grimaldi Family paid a surprise visit to the UK and was spotted among the members of the public at the West Ham v Manchester City Premier League match on May 15. For the visit, Prince Albert donned a smart navy suit paired with a baby blue shirt and striped tie. The Monegasque prince is known to be a keen football fan and has even stepped on the pitch himself in the past to take part in charity matches. In past years, he professed his admiration for West Ham and today he was among the fans bidding farewell to the team's captain Mark Noble, who is retiring this season. Albert appeared to be at the stadium without his wife Princess Charlene or children Prince Jacques and Princess Gabriella. Charlene returned to the public eye earlier this month, after a long absence due to health issues. Charlene marked her return to public duties by attending the Monaco E-Prix with Albert and their children. The following week, the family of four stepped out again to watch the Sainte Dévote Rugby Tournament, a contest open to under 12s. Charlene's health woes began in May last year, when she remained stuck in South Africa after developing a severe ENT infection. The royal had travelled there to carry out conservation work with her charity. READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan had 'high price to pay' for Oprah interview While her trip was meant to last for less than a fortnight, Charlene remained in the nation where she was brought up until November. During those six months, Charlene underwent several medical visits and procedures. The Monegasque princess was eventually able to fly back to her family - but her return to Monaco didn't immediately translate in a return to her public duties. A few days after, the Monegasque palace said the princess needed time to rest and recover. Prince Albert told People magazine Charlene had decided to enter a treatment facility after it became clear she was suffering from "exhaustion, both emotional and physical". DON'T MISS Princess Charlene returned home from the facility in March, as announced by the principality's palace. A statement released at the time read: "In accordance with her doctors and while her recovery is going well, their royal highnesses have agreed together that Princess Charlene can now continue her convalescence in the principality with her husband and their children." Urging Monaco citizens to be patient, the statement added Charlene would not immediately resume her duties, saying: "The next few weeks should allow for Princess Charlene to further strengthen her health, before gradually resuming her official duties and commitments." Prince Albert's trip to the London Stadium comes one day after Prince William attended the FA Cup final. The Duke of Cambridge headed to Wembley Stadium as the FA president. However, as he entered the pitch to shake hands with the players of Chelsea and Liverpool, he was booed by some football fans in the stands, a move condemned by prominent politicians. Among them, Commons speaker Sir Lindsay Hoyle told the MailOnline: "I utterly condemn any fans who booed Prince William at Wembley today. "The FA Cup final should be an occasion when we come together as a country. "It should not be ruined by a minority of fans’ totally shameful behaviour. "In this year of all years – the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee – this is dreadful." Some people at the stadium also booed the national anthem. At the end of the match, Prince William - who didn't comment the incident, awarded the Cup to Liverpool players. Liverpool won the tense final on penalties after drawing with Chelsea 0-0 over 120 minutes.