Speaking to Lorraine Kelly, author of the newest bombshell royal book, Tina Brown, said Meghan Markle merely "reinforced" the bad feeling between the brothers with the situation she and Prince Harry found themselves in. She told ITV viewers it was "unfair" to claim Meghan was responsible for Prince William and Harry's alleged broken relationship. "What's interesting about the book is a lot of people are blaming Meghan for the fact Harry and William have problems with their relationship," Lorraine pointed out. "But that was actually happening before, there were cracks there before that, maybe." "There were real cracks that were happening, which surprised me actually," Tina admitted. "The sort of common wisdom is that Meghan broke up the brothers - that's actually unfair." READ MORE: Outlander theory: Jamie Fraser ghost explained in fortune teller clue She laughed: "It was probably unfair about Yoko Ono and the Beatles!" Explaining the rift between the family, Tina continued: "She reinforced it if you like, or the situation reinforced that problem. "But the fact is that Harry and William had begun to have a sort of growing dissonance between them because Harry was so happy in the army, you know. "He had 10 amazing years, he served his country, he went twice to Afghanistan, he was super brave, it was a great success, his whole military career, but when he came out he felt sort or rootless and lost. "He kind of rattled around while his brother was now set on the path for kingship. "William was now being groomed to be king, his destiny was clear, his path was clear." The journalist explained how this became a significant period in Harry' life, stating: "And at that point really, the memo suddenly hit him that he was number two. "And he was going to be treated as number two, inevitably. He began to feel sort of marginalised, and when he started the Invictus Games, a giant success." DON'T MISS... Starmer's anti-fraud plan slammed by GMB's Reid 'Not sustainable!' [LATEST]Susanna Reid blasts Boris Johnson's 'lack of human response' [VIDEO]Carol McGiffin addresses Loose Women feud 'Pressure to deny a rift' [VIDEO] "Oh, huge," Lorraine agreed. "And an amazing thing to do." Tina went on: "A wonderful initiative. But really, again, it was like it was a superstar moment for Harry and has continued to be and he kind of realised, 'I can do this myself, I've got my own power base.' "And it was at that point that he met Meghan and she reinforced that sense for him that there was a bigger, wider world out there than being 'the number two brother' who had to wait in line." "How much damage do you think they've done, if at all to the monarchy?" Lorraine asked. "Do you think there's any damage done?" Tina explained: "I think they are an open wound, a bit, in the monarchy because this has happened at a point when, in the past, whenever the storms have buffeted, as they have - and the 90s was a really tough time for the Queen and Philip with the whole Diana thing and all the divorces - it was a nightmare for them. "But the Queen was younger and there was always her at the centre with 'Keep calm and carry on' and she held it all together and she had Philip, they were a unit." The royal specialist went on to describe how the Queen is now in the "twilight years of her reign" and doesn't have Philip anymore. "And her health is not good," she added. "And that's the big vulnerable difference now. to what things were like before." Lorraine airs weekdays from 9am on ITV.