In reality, Singapore-on-Thames was never an option in economic terms for post-Brexit Britain. Comparing a city state in Southeast Asia with a historically great power in Western Europe was never going to sit comfortably. Singapore’s economy may be low on taxes – as Brexiteers were keen to point out - but remains high when it comes to government involvement in the economy, something many Brexiteers failed to appreciate. Where post-Brexit Britain could become more Singapore-on-Thames however is in terms of political focus. It is easy to think, as the conflict in Europe rages, that the Old Continent remains the centre of the action on earth. But this just isn’t true. With 60 per cent of the world’s population, it is Asia – currently the hub of global manufacturing and trade – where the action is. This isn’t just the clichéd old argument about economic power going east. The potential for conflict over Taiwan reminds us that the Indo/Asia-Pacific are likely to be the focal point of the world’s attention for ill as well as good for the next half-century at least. For better or worse, any would-be world power has to have a presence there. In fact, most world powers already have a presence in the region simply because of geography. Aside from China, India and Japan, countries like Australia, Canada, Russia and the US all reach into the Pacific region as well. Given the historic impact which Europe has had, the legacy of two world wars, as well as a Cold War – on top of the ongoing conflict in Ukraine – it is easy to forget that Europe is becoming less relevant in world affairs. Russia, for one, considers itself a Eurasian power, not merely a European one. If the UK wants to be a player on the world stage in the next century, it too must ensure a presence ‘East of Suez’. This isn’t as implausible as it sounds. Like France, the UK has overseas territories in the region, on top of its Commonwealth Realm sibling countries in the Pacific - Australia, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea, the Solomon Islands, and Tuvalu – with which the UK shares a Queen. AUKUS – the defence deal Britain signed with Australia and the US – was a great start. But the fact China could strike a defence pact with the Solomon Islands under the noses of Australia and Britain should raise alarm bells. It is no good having the potential to reach East of Suez if the opportunity is not taken. Yes, Global Britain has a future beyond Europe if it wants one. The UK’s Commonwealth links see to it. But without a firm commitment to reach beyond Europe, the UK will be simply confined to regional power status, unable to project beyond its immediate region. If that comes to pass, the UK won’t merely become less relevant on the world stage but end up dependent on other countries to guard its defence and interests around the planet. It is little wonder that Germany – near land-locked in north-central Europe – put all its eggs into the EU basket. Little wonder too that France – another former colonial power – seeks to balance its EU focus with a more global one.  This tension between Berlin and Paris is now augmented by a division between a liberal west and conservative east within the EU, as the Eurasian power of Russia looks on. This is the world the UK operates in. AUKUS then was a great start, but only a start. By building on its Commonwealth alliances – taking in over one billion people and hinging upon Asia – and the Commonwealth Realms, which combined make up the world’s third biggest economy, the UK can project beyond its immediate region of Europe. The UK has the language, links and – just about – military might to remain at the top table. But this requires both vision and ambition on the part of London. Failure to capitalise on Britain’s global reach will merely relegate the UK to second-tier middle-power status for the foreseeable future, forever sitting on the side-lines while the action happens elsewhere. Is that really what Brexiteers wanted?