Today, that figure is £242 – with 42 percent regretting parting with so much cash. Just under half (47 percent) believe pre-wedding-parties have become more extravagant in the last couple of years. Of these, 48 percent think this is because people are making up for lost time during the pandemic, while 46 percent believe it’s down to having more savings. And 44 percent think travellers want to compare themselves to online influencers. It also emerged that, pre-pandemic, UK cities were the most likely candidates for a stag or hen party – with London, Liverpool and Manchester the most commonly visited. But the UK’s capital drops to 12th on the list of places people will go on their next one – with exotic locations like Amsterdam, Marbella, and even Miami more likely destinations. The survey was commissioned by Hotels.com, which has coined the “Stag doe” – a mixed gender celebration (for stags and does), killing two birds with one stone when it comes to celebrating ahead of the big day. Emma Tagg, Hotels.com spokeswoman, said: “It’s clear hen and stag dos are on the rise, and we have even seen a 12 percent increase in searches for group trips compared to 2019, with people clearly ready to celebrate in style. “Pre-pandemic, one in four people (24 percent) said they didn’t take any days off work to attend a hen or stag party. “However, when asked how many days people would be taking for their next do, the most popular answer was a whopping three days (21 percent). “It’s clear Brits are going bigger than ever, with more holiday days being taken and more money being spent this year.” Hotels.com booking data has also found the most searched-for amenity for groups this year was a pool, as opposed to a free breakfast in previous years. The survey also found that, of those whose have regretted going on a hen or stag do, four in ten put the blame on spending too much money. Just under a third (32 percent) admitted they had behaved in a “regrettable” manner, while the same number claimed the entire trip was just a nightmare all round. And 38 percent felt the event dragged on too long, meaning they had to take more time off work than they’d have liked. Nearly one in ten who have a pre-nuptial trip coming up reckon they’ll need to use up an entire working week of annual leave to fit it all in. As a result, nearly two-thirds (64 percent) wish they didn’t have to take so much time off to attend other people’s celebrations. And six in ten said stag and hen dos are simply bad for their bank accounts, according to the OnePoll data. Despite this, 42 percent confessed that for their own stag or hen party, they’d want their friends to take them on an extravagant trip. It also emerged that 31 percent have been on a mixed-gender stag or hen do, with men and women present. The same amount has been – or been invited to – a money-saving event, where the hen and stag parties were combined into one. Emma Tagg added: “The growing trend for people to combine their stag and hen parties into one is really interesting, as that can save both cash and precious annual leave. All hail the rise of the Stag Doe. “An easy way to save is by booking through Hotels.com – for every ten nights you stay, you get a reward night.” ELLIE AUSTIN-WILLIAMS’ MONEY SAVING TIPS FOR MANAGING HEN AND STAG DOS: TOP 20 MONEY-NO-OBJECT HEN AND STAG DO DESTINATIONS: