Erik ten Hag has been snapped in the Manchester United dugout for the first time. The 52-year-old has replaced Ralf Rangnick following a dire season at Old Trafford. And he’s eager to get the club back challenging for the biggest and best titles on offer. Manchester United unveiled Ten Hag last week, less than 24 hours after the Dutchman had seen his new side lose to Crystal Palace in their final Premier League match. And, now, the club have posted footage showing the 52-year-old in the dugout for the very first time. Ten Hag posed for pictures standing next to the famous red seat that, for over two decades, was occupied by Sir Alex Ferguson. The footage was clearly shot earlier in the week, with Ten Hag wearing the same suit he wore during his introductory press conference. And he looked content standing there while his picture was taken. Ten Hag will arrive at United as their fifth permanent boss since Ferguson retired nine years ago, shortly after steering his side to the Premier League title. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings David Moyes lasted just 10 months before being axed, having seen his side fail to qualify for Europe. Louis van Gaal won the FA Cup in 2016 but was sacked just hours later, despite the Dutchman believing he’d see out his three-year contract. After Van Gaal came Jose Mourinho. Yet Mourinho, despite winning the Carabao Cup and Europa League, was relieved of his duties after falling out with several big players behind the scenes. United thought Ole Gunnar Solskjaer would bring back the glory days when they named him as Mourinho’s permanent replacement, having initially allowed the 49-year-old to lead the team on an interim basis. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Yet he was relieved of his duties back in November after a chastening 4-1 defeat to Watford at Vicarage Road. Speaking at his unveiling, Ten Hag admitted he was ‘really excited’ to be replacing Rangnick. "Today I am happy to meet all. But I am really excited to be here,” said the former Ajax boss. “It was a really warm welcome here in the club, and I am looking forward to working at this club and I am looking forward to co-operating with you all. “It gives me energy. I am looking forward to the new season, and today I feel quite well, I feel welcome. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “This is my home, and I want to achieve success." And, on turning United around, he continued: "I've made an analysis and I think we are in the lead of the process now, with this start. “Before the season starts we have now a couple of weeks break. So I'll make an analysis, I observe, and I set conclusions, of course. “But I keep it now for myself. It’s [the Crystal Palace game] in the previous season now, and we look forward to going to the next season." In the eyes of many, Ten Hag is risking his reputation by choosing to leave Ajax for United. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Yet the 52-year-old has insisted it isn’t a gamble. "I don't see it as a risk. I think this club has a great history and now let's make a future,” he stated. “It is really exciting to do that with the people around who are in the club, and we also bring people in with the staff. “We will analyse the squad and we will go on day-to-day. "Work hard, one hundred per cent committed, and then I am sure we will get success."