A new survey has found more drivers than ever are ditching traditional fossil-fuelled cars and choosing to go electric - figures that could well spell the end for diesel cars. The study by What Car found that only five percent of new car buyers would now go for diesel. Out of the 1,000 motorists questioned the news wasn’t much better for used diesel cars as just 21 percent of potential buyers would consider those. The price of diesel has reached record highs time and again this year which has no doubt led to buyers considering other options. Surprisingly though, rather than cost, some 34 percent stated that the environment was the most important factor in not looking at buying a diesel car. In total, 90 percent of car buyers would consider anything other than a diesel-powered car and 66 percent would never consider buying one ever again, reported the RAC. READ MORE: UK car park that fines drivers even if they don’t park In terms of current diesel car owners, almost half said they would now switch to an EV in order to save cash. Further RAC analysis shows that the UK is just months away from hitting the 500,000 battery electric vehicles milestone. RAC EV spokesperson Simon Williams said: “Our analysis shows we’re now tantalisingly close to hitting the magic milestone of half a million zero-emission battery electric cars on the UK’s roads, something we expect to see reached in a matter of months. “The sight of more cars sporting a green flash on their number plates is a reminder of the fantastic progress that is being made in getting more drivers to go electric, but there’s still a lot of work to do when you consider that battery-electric cars still only represent 1.2 percent of all those on the roads." DON'T MISSFury over parking fines handed out to elderly drivers [SHOCKING]Tourist has car flooded after parking in harbour and ignoring advice [INSIGHT]Martin Lewis shows drivers how to save money on airport parking [ADVICE] He added: “As we begin to overcome the chip shortage that has so badly affected new car production, the focus for government and industry has to be on encouraging as many people to confidently move away from their current petrol and diesel powered vehicles as possible. “Key to this happening is a greater supply of pure EVs in the first place, which will help reduce prices, together with improvements to public charging networks. “The total number of cars capable of covering at least some zero-emission miles – such as plug-in hybrids which now number 348,000 – also looks like it will reach a landmark as it will soon top the one million-mark.” The latest figures from the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders released today showed BEVs) registrations continued to grow with 12,899 zero emission cars joining UK roads. That’s an increase of 40.9 percent on the same month last year – and taking a 10.8 percent market share, up from 6.5 percent last year. While registrations of hybrids (HEVs) also rose by 18.3 percent, the number of new plug-in hybrid (PHEV) registrations decreased by a third (32.8 percent). As a result, electrified vehicles comprised 27.9 percent of all new car registrations during April. But overall, UK car production fell again in April, down another 11.3 percent in a month. Some 7,752 fewer cars were made in the month than a year before and the total was -14.7 percent below the April 2019 level before the pandemic. This was itself down a staggering 44.5 percent on April 2018, due to shutdowns rescheduled to mitigate against the possibility of a no-deal Brexit. Production output for overseas markets fell by a fifth, driven by a 68.0 percent decline in shipments to the US, and a 10.4 percent drop in those to Asia. There was some small comfort in a rise in the number of cars exported to the EU, and a large rise in cars made for the UK as new models brought buyers into showrooms.