The war now entering its fourth month has seen millions of people displaced, and billions of pounds worth of damage. In the meantime, Putin’s 35-year-old daughter received the controversial treatment in Europe, with each session costing up to £4,310 per session. The process, unofficially known as a “vampire facelift” is in fact called “platelet-rich plasma” treatment, or PRP, and is highly popular with celebrities such as Kim Kardashian.  The process sees blood taken from a patient, usually from a vein in the arm.The blood is spun very quickly using a specialist piece of equipment known as a centrifuge. This very fast spinning causes the blood to separate into a range of parts depending upon weight. A specific part of the separated blood is plasma which will contain 2-5 times the usual number of platelets. Years of research have consistently demonstrated this enriched plasma has a regenerative effect on the tissues of the body by triggering natural healing processes. PRP injections are delivered under ultrasound guidance to the area normally a joint or tendon of pain and degeneration. Furthermore, the treatment can be used to reverse or prevent hair loss as well as rejuvenate body parts.  Putin’s daughter, Katerina Tikhonova travelled to Munich to perform the procedure. Ms Tikhonova is also said to have undergone Botox treatment, something her father is also rather fond of. Former Russian gymnast Alina Kabaeva, Putin’s former partner and mother of Ms Tikhonova is also keen on Botox injections.  READ MORE:Putin puppets warn Russia now has 'only one target' in nuclear strike Critique has been pouring in over the procedure. Russian social media commentators have been vocal on the news, with one saying: “Just like her daddy.” Another said: “Putin's daughter wasted thousands of euros on a weird beauty procedure - does she, just like her daddy, want to be younger and live forever.” Anti-Kremlin Telegram channel Utro Fevralya also took the opportunity to slam the President and his daughter. In a post on the popular social media communication platform, the page read: “While her dad is so protective of his biological material that he even carries a personal dry toilet with him everywhere he goes, his frivolous daughter Katerina Tikhonova…squandered valuable genetic biomaterial right and left… “Tikhonova allegedly underwent a Vampire-Lifting procedure. “But the price is not as important as the fact that now it turns out that NATO has Putin's biomaterial and DNA ... it's scary to think what they can do with it. “Perhaps they have already processed it in bio-laboratories…”  DON'T MISS:British tourist suffers cardiac arrest swimming in Spain [REPORT]Imran Khan supporters destroy police van [INSIGHT]Mother rescues son after sewage drain fall [REVEAL] Putin’s daughter is thought to have recently made several trips to Munich with her partner, former head of the Bavarian State Ballet, Igor Zelensky. Previously Katerina Tikhonova, the younger of two Putin daughters from his marriage to ex-Kremlin first lady Lyudmila, was earlier wed to Russia's youngest billionaire Kirill Shamalov, 40. The pair split after Ms Tikhonova was caught cheating with the ballet star, who at the time, was married with two daughters of his own. Putin is known to have at least two daughters, with speculation he may have a third.  Putin married Lyudmila Shkrebneva in 1983 before divorcing her in 2014. In 2020, the independent investigative Russian media platform Proekt published a series of exposes which included the claim Putin had conducted an affair with a woman called Svetlana Krivonogikh during his marriage to Ms Shkrebneva after he first became president in 1999. The site also claimed Putin had fathered Luiza Rozova, the daughter of Ms Krivonogikh, whom one British media outlet described as a “cleaner-turned-millionaire ‘mistress’”. 