Fifteen percent of the population say they will be at one of the 60,000 parties being held on Sunday, June 5 for the Big Jubilee Lunch, a poll reveals. They are being urged by the Duchess of York to “unite and put the ‘Great’ back into Great Britain”. In an exclusive interview with the Sunday Express’s S Magazine, Sarah Ferguson said: “Her Majesty puts the country first every day, and will do so during the jubilee. “I think people are excited about being able to show her how grateful they are for all she has done during her 70 years on the throne. “She is the most fantastic example of duty and service and steadfastness, and that will be her legacy. She has given her whole life selflessly to the people of the UK and Com­­monwealth.” She added: “The jubilee will be a time when the whole nation can unite and put the ‘Great’ back into Great Britain. “There is nothing better than a street party to bring a community together, and it’s a chance for us all to celebrate the extraordinary life and service of our Queen.” Today’s poll, carried out for the Sunday Express by Redfield & Wilton Strategies, also reveals that just over a quarter of people – 26 percent – intend to watch the day’s proceedings at home on TV. Almost one in five – 19 percent – will “raise a glass with friends” to toast the Queen, while 13 percent will mark the occasion “in some other way”. Pollsters quizzed 1,500 people living in the UK. Buckingham Palace has confirmed that more than 60,000 communities have registered to host Big Jubilee Lunches on June 5, “with events ranging from world record attempts for the longest street party, to back garden BBQs and everything in between.” Six hundred more lunches are being planned around the world, “from Canada to Brazil, New Zealand to Japan and South Africa to Switzerland”. Back home, it is estimated that, in all, Britons will spend as much as £825million on festivities. A Palace spokeswoman added: “The extended bank holiday weekend will provide an opportunity for people throughout the UK to come together to celebrate this historic milestone.” After lunch, massive crowds in London and many millions more on live TV are expected to watch the Platinum Jubilee Pageant, which will “bring to life” iconic moments from the Queen’s reign. Pageant Master Adrian Evans said: “We want her to feel we have done her proud.”