Forecasters are predicting warm weather across the weekend and into next week, with England and the south-east expected to see the best of the sunshine. They predict the mercury will reach 24 degrees Celsius at 1pm on Sunday, setting a new record for the year. The previous hottest day of the year so far was on April 15, when 23.4 degrees was recorded in St James's Park in the centre of London. Forecasters say temperatures will hit 26 degrees in the coming week as the warm weather continues. However, wind conditions and rainy spells will add to the humidity, making it feel warmer. Netweather says that as well as a new temperature record being set on Sunday, it will be broken once again on Tuesday. READ MORE: UK heatwave warning: 80F African plume to engulf Britain In their seven-day outlook, Netweather predicts that Britons will be able to bask in 23-degree heat this afternoon (May 14) at around 4pm. Monday (May 16) will still be warm, with highs of 23 degrees predicted, before Tuesday brings a sweltering heat of 26 degrees from 4-7pm. Netweather says that humidity and wind conditions could make things feel more like 28 degrees then. Other meteorologists agree that things should start to feel quite toasty in the coming days, as the UK heads into the summer months. In their long-range outlook for next week, BBC weather says: “Early next week, we expect high pressure to be centred across Scandinavia while deep low pressure moves across the central north Atlantic that will drive a series of fronts across the UK. “By Tuesday the high centre could be across eastern Europe. This pattern should bring a warm, southerly airstream across the country with some windy conditions.” However, they warn: “There will be a chance of some showery rain at times but especially across Northern Ireland and western regions where Monday looks particularly wet. “Some thundery outbreaks cannot be ruled out, but these should be less likely in south-east England.” DON'T MISS:Boris to issue Sinn Fein Brexit ultimatum in DAYS [INSIGHT]GB News: EU torn apart for restarting NI troubles [VIDEO]'True Conservative' Lord Frost fuels speculation he'll ditch title [ANALYSIS] The Met Office is predicting that there may be some light rain and drizzle across northern Scotland, with some “showery rain” reaching parts of south-west England towards the evening. However, elsewhere there will be “plenty of warm sunshine”. Most of northern Britain will remain dry overnight, with some showery rain continuing in the southwest, it forecasts. There will be clouds and an outbreak of rain across parts of the UK on Sunday, before “turning brighter in the south and feeling warm and humid”. Andy Page, chief meteorologist at the Met Office, said: “The plume of warm air we have been expecting from the south will bring higher temperatures across the whole country over the next week. “However, it looks like the effects from the Atlantic lows will prevent sustained high pressure building from the east. “This means that while we might see some warm – and in places very warm – days, overall the next week will feel more like what we would expect of a warm spell in May, with some heavy showers around, rather than hot summery weather.”