Aston Villa are closing in on the £17million signing of Philippe Coutinho from Barcelona this summer. The Brazil international is currently at Villa Park on loan and the Villans hold an option to turn his stay permanent. Villa boss Steven Gerrard is said to be behind the transfer, having publicly expressed his desire to sign Coutinho on a permanent basis. “We want Philippe Coutinho here for sure,” reaffirmed after Villa’s 3-1 win at Burnley. "As a club, we want to be in a place where games come thick and fast. Phil understood the decision, he has played a lot. There are no egos here." The Villans boss also declared in March: "When he's comfortable, he's happy and he's enjoying his football we all know we're dealing with a world-class talent."   Barcelona had initially put a €40m price tag on the player, but according to Mundo Deportivo, they are willing to negotiate it at a lower fee. The Spanish giants are keen to offload one of their highest earners in the squad ahead of next season. The 29-year-old was thought to be earning around £380,000-a-week at Camp Nou. Journalist Fabrizio Romano revealed that the Villans have agreed to pay 65 per cent of Coutinho’s fee to Barca. His imminent departure is said to generate €7 million for the club’s coffers. Coutinho had a remarkable first season at Barca under then-manager Ernesto Valverde 2017/18, but endured a difficult term the following season, falling well below expectations. Fans who were unimpressed with the Brazilian heckled him at times – and as a result he joined Bayern Munich on loan during the 2019/20 season. He helped the German outfit to swoop the domestic cup and the Champions League and also contributed to Bayern’s 8-2 thrashing of his old side Barca in the quarter finals of the Champions League. He scored a brace in the 85th and 89th minute. Coutinho was then part of Bayern's sixth European title, after edging past Paris Saint-Germain 1-0 in the Champions Leeague final. Coutinho later returned to Barca after manager Ronald Koeman expressed he wanted him to be part of his side for the 2020/21 season. But in the end, he only made 12 La Liga appearances and played twice in the Champions League during the whole campaign. The Brazilian is now set to continue his playing career in England, with Gerrard's side welcoming his old club Liverpool to Villa Park on Tuesday night. Since his move from Catalonia, Coutinho, who has been seen a breath of fresh air at Villa, has contributed four goals and three assists in 15 league appearances.