Alexander Sladkov, a journalist for the state-run Russia-1 TV channel, called for an atomic bombing to cause “a crater the size of several regions”. In a post on social media to his 730,000 followers, the Kremlin propagandist warned that the time for the “last resort” may be approaching as some 40 countries including Britain, the United States and Germany move to arm Ukraine with weapons to fight Russia’s invasion.  He said: “There is more and more talk about nuclear weapons, and Russia has much to say about it. We have a solution for Ukraine. “There are several, yet we are getting reminded about the last resort – nuclear weapons.” Parroting President Vladimir Putin’s claims that Russia’s so-called “military operation” in Ukraine was launched to “de-Nazify” the country, Sladkov said: “If no one is going to hear us, and 40 countries keep helping the Ukrainian neo-Nazis, we will have no way back.”  Sladkov is the latest Kremlin mouthpiece to publicly call for Russia to launch a nuclear attack as Moscow steps up its assault on parts of Ukraine, including a spate of missile attacks on Tuesday night across central and western regions. Margarita Simonyan, the editor of one of the Kremlin’s most-watched propaganda stations RT, issued a chilling warning on Wednesday night that a nuclear strike is “probable”. Another state TV channel, Channel One, simulated a nuclear strike on Europe last week. The chilling clip showed how Putin could allegedly launch a nuclear attack that would take just 200 seconds to strike Paris, Berlin and London and leave “no survivors”. Referencing the atomic bombing of Hiroshima during World War Two, Sladkov said that Russia would soon have “no choice” but to unleash a weapon capable of similar destruction to halt Western countries supporting Ukraine. He warned: “Everything is possible, and this is what the Americans teach us. Not that any of this will make it easier for Ukraine.”  He continued: “The Americans used nuclear weapons in Japan, in a demonstrative way. “So us, Russians, will have to demonstratively do it in Ukraine to remove the issue with further confrontation with those known 40 countries. “A crater the size of several regions will be a clear example of how serious is Russia’s appeal to NATO to get back to peace and harmony. “But where will Ukraine go? Exactly where it’s heading right now, with the only difference that it’ll be fast, and cheaper for Russia. “The Europeans and Americans can’t quite get it that one must not harass a neighbouring country with such a giant nuclear potential. “Thinking about it, I remember just how easily the US used nuclear weapons on Hiroshima and Nagasaki, and how easily they nearly deployed them at Dien Bien Phu in 1954.” Key figureheads on Kremlin-controlled TV channels have repeatedly threatened nuclear war in recent days as the West steps up actions against Russia over the conflict in Ukraine. A report from Russia’s Channel One on Sunday simulated the devastation caused by a nuclear attack off the coast of Ireland. Presented by Kremlin-ally Dmitry Kielyov, the segment said an attack on the UK using a Poseidon underwater drone could be a possible cause of action for Russia. He said the weapon would trigger a radioactive 500m-high tsunami that would plunge Britain “to the depths of the ocean”. Retired army officer and security analyst, Tom Clonan, said the “horrific” threats showed how “disinhibited” Putin’s cronies feel, dismissing the possibility that the Russian president would follow through. He told Newstalk Breakfast: “I know there will be many people listening to this who will be very frightened by this, or it may provoke fear and unease, but the chances of this happening are extremely small. “This is propaganda.” Soon after Russia invaded Ukraine, Putin said he was moving his “deterrent forces” - meaning nuclear weapons - to “combat ready” status.  He has since repeatedly issued threats to the West that Moscow could be prepared to use nuclear weapons against both Ukraine and Western countries. Addressing Russian lawmakers last week, Putin warned that there would be a “lightning-quick” response if any country threatens Russia or interfered in its invasion of Ukraine.  In what experts identified the latest threat of nuclear war to the West, Putin said any countries attempting to “meddle” in the Ukraine conflict would face a swift response from Russia. Addressing lawmakers in St Petersburg in a televised address, he said: “If anyone decides to meddle in ongoing events and create unacceptable strategic threats for Russia, they must know our response will be lightning-quick." The mounting warnings come as Western countries step up their support for Ukraine, with the EU set to unveil its sixth round of sanctions against Russia this week including a ban on Russian oil. Meanwhile, 40 allies including the US, UK and Germany agreed last week to furnish Ukraine with long-term military aid including missiles, tanks and heavy artillery to help Ukraine’s efforts to counter Russia’s intensified assault on the eastern Donbas region. Ukraine said Russian forces have made few advances towards their goal of securing all of the Luhansk and Donetsk regions in the east of the country despite heavy artillery fire on a number of fronts.