The future King and Queen Consort, Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, finally got their happily ever after when they married in a civil service in Windsor in 2005. But Charles and Camilla were thought to have first met some 35 years before this point, but both would marry different people in the 1970s and 80s. Charles and Camilla were thought to have mixed in the same social circles when they were younger, leading to their introduction at a polo match in the early 1970s. Reports suggest this was their first documented meeting, and Camilla joked about her great-grandmother Alice Keppel, who was the mistress of King Edward VII. Camilla said: "My great-grandmother was the mistress of your great-great-grandfather. I feel we have something in common.” READ MORE: Radio host slams Meghan Markle 'friend' for savaging Duchess  In the early 1970s, Charles and Camilla had started dating but after Charles left for Royal Navy service in 1973, the relationship dissolved and Camilla would marry Andrew Parker Bowles in the same year. Camilla was married to Andrew Parker Bowles until they divorced in 1995, and they have two children together, Tom Parker Bowles and Laura Lopes. A few years later, Prince Charles would famously marry Princess Diana in 1981 and the pair had two children, Prince William and Prince Harry.  But Charles' marriage to Diana would also break down, culminating in a bitter divorce in 1996. Many have speculated about why Charles did not marry Camilla initially, but one suggestion is Camilla was not deemed a suitable wife for a future King. Camilla was not strictly from an aristocratic family, and she had previously had relationships. Some accounts have also suggested members of the Royal Family did not approve of the match.  DON'T MISS:Spanish royal family: How King Felipe is related to 'Aunt Lilibet' [EXPLAINER]Princess Charlotte and Queen: Photos of the royal doppelgangers [INSIGHT]Platinum Jubilee celebrations MAPPED - The key events near me [MAP] As Charles sailed away with the Navy without proposing to Camilla, it has also been suggested that Charles was not ready to settle down and marry in his early 20s. Charles would later go on to marry Lady Diana Spencer in 1981, who hailed from the aristocratic Spencer family, and his friendship with Camilla Parker Bowles continued throughout his marriage. The eventual breakdown of Charles and Diana's marriage was played out in the papers, and his relationship with Camilla faced significant scrutiny. Charles admitted his relationship with Camilla had resumed while he was married to Diana, stating in a 1994 interview that he had been faithful to her "until it became irretrievably broken down, us both having tried".  Swathes of the public struggled to accept Charles and Camilla's relationship following the death of Princess Diana in a car crash in Paris in 1997. For many years, Camilla held a low public profile, occasionally accompanying Charles to some events. But in 2005, it was announced Charles and Camilla would marry, and that Camilla would be known as Princess Consort when Charles is King. However, in 2022 the Queen announced her "sincere wish" that Camilla will be Queen Consort when Charles is King, ending decades of speculation over Camilla's future title. 