The activist criticised the Prime Minister after it emerged that the European Union would shelve the agreement if the Government brings forward legislation to revoke its commitment on trade in Northern Ireland. Dr Shola tweeted: "...and it would serve UK right if EU suspended trade deal." "You wanted Boris Johnson and bought his lies about #Brexit & #NorthernIrelandProtocol - clap for yourself." Mr Johnson said during a visit to Sweden on Wednesday (May 11) that the protocol fails to command cross-community support in Northern Ireland and it needs to be sorted out. At a press conference with Swedish prime minister Magdalena Andersson, he said: "The most important agreement is the 25-year-old Belfast Good Friday agreement. "That is crucial for the stability of our country of the UK, of Northern Ireland. And it's got to be that means that things have got to command cross-community support.  "Plainly the Northern Ireland Protocol fails to do that and we need to sort it out." The protocol was agreed by the Prime Minister in 2019 and is designed to avoid a hard border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland. However, businesses moving goods from Great Britain to Northern Ireland have been saddled with extra costs and reams of red tape. Unionists and loyalists say the post Brexit arrangements have driven a wedge between Northern Ireland and the rest of the UK.   READ MORE ABOUT A UK RECESSION WARNING London and Brussels have been trying for months to break deadlock over the deal. Britain wants to overhaul the agreement and has hinted at the possibility of unilaterally suspending part of it if a new deal cannot be reached with the EU. Meanwhile, the bloc is looking for changes within the terms of the existing deal. European Commission vice-president Maros Sefcovic said on Tuesday that renegotiating the protocol is not an option. He said: "The EU remains open to such discussions. Only joint solutions will work.  DON'T MISS: Just Eat success uncovers 'greedy' takeaway owner's £350k tax fraud [REVEALED] POLL: Should government pay to replace ALL boilers with heat pumps? [POLL] Prince Harry and Meghan Markle pick place to stay for UK return [LATEST] "Unilateral action by the UK would only make our work on possible solutions more difficult. "The protocol, as a cornerstone of the withdrawal agreement, is an international agreement. Its renegotiation is not an option." Mr Johnson told BBC News: "Let's face it, we're talking about really in the scheme of things, a very, very small part of the whole European economy and I think 0.4 percent of the value of the whole of the EU economy in Northern Ireland. It is crazy. "I didn't think there's any need for drama. This is something that just needs to be fixed."  Foreign Secretary Liz Truss is due to tell the EU that the dispute cannot drag on. Ms Truss has warned she will not shy away from taking action and accused the EU of proposing solutions that would "take us backwards". Downing Street backed Ms Truss, but declined to say whether preparations have been made for a possible trade war with the EU. The PM's official spokesman said: "I think we're getting ahead of ourselves. We want nothing but good relations with our EU partners, but I'm not going to get into speculation about what might happen down the line." DUP leader Sir Jeffrey Donaldson has repeated his demand that the Government take action.  He is refusing to re-enter power-sharing at Stormont until issues with the protocol are dealt with. Sir Jeffrey told the BBC: "The sooner that happens, the better. The protocol is not supported by any unionist MLA elected to the Assembly last week. "We can't go on with the situation where there is no consensus at all for this protocol." Mr Gove, who previously led talks with Mr Sefcovic, told LBC radio he feels "super cool" with threats to tear up the protocol.  But he insisted the Government is not going to do so, telling BBC Breakfast: "No. We are going to negotiate with the EU in order to get the best possible outcome for the people of Northern Ireland, but no option is off the table." The proposed legislation would allow businesses in Northern Ireland to ignore EU rules and regulations as well as removing the power of the European Court of Justice to rule on issues relating to the region. It would also mean the UK had breached its obligations under the Brexit agreement. But it has been argued that the protocol will not be completely overridden, with measures instead being considered to ease the issues on the ground in Northern Ireland. 