Steph McGovern, 39, confessed to her fans that she was an “emotional mess” alongside a candid snap of herself with tears rolling down her face. Steph shared the photo to her 424,000 Twitter followers on Thursday evening. The presenter said she was crying after watching the last ever episode of Derry Girls.She penned: “My face after finishing Derry Girls tonight.  “The pure comedy and raw truth of it all rolled into one big emotional mess.”The selfie featured a close-up shot of bleary-eyed Steph with a single tear rolling down her face. READ MORE:Naga Munchetty bids farewell as Dan Walker exits BBC Breakfast Dozens of her followers took to the comments and said that the show’s finale had a similar effect on them.Phil wrote: “I too watched the last episode just a few minutes ago. While I have no direct Northern Ireland connections, I nonetheless remember the period. It was a *very* powerful finale!”  And Katey shared: “I was just the same last night - what a series and what a finale. It was perfect and so apt for this moment in time. I couldn’t speak for about 10 minutes after watching it (unheard of phenomenon).”Derry Girls aired its final episode of the third series on Channel 4 on Tuesday.The series, which first aired in 2018, stars Saoirse-Monica Jackson, Louisa Harland, Nicola Coughlan, Jamie-Lee O'Donnell and Dylan Llewellyn.It is set in the 1990s during The Troubles and explores the life of a teenager at such a turbulent time. DON'T MISSJane Fonda, 84, stunned by longevity[INSIGHT]Britney Spears urged to 'take it down a notch' after another naked pic[PICTURES]Jay Blades bids farewell to TV show after 'final episode'[LATEST] The show has been praised as an “accurate” depiction of Derry during that period.Author and real-life Derry Girl, Serena Terry, told Express.co.uk: “It's extremely accurate in terms of the timeline of The Troubles and continues to reference historical moments leading up to the Peace Process.“[This includes] the 1994 IRA ceasefire announcement and the 1995 visit to Derry of President Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton.”Serena, better known by her fans as Mammy Banter, said the show rang true to her because she also attended an all-girls Catholic school. She recalled: “There were always Land Rovers and soldiers everywhere. I remember when I was about five or six asking a soldier if I could hold his gun, he said no but gave me some sweets."We didn’t have much, but we did have fun."Every episode of Derry Girls is available to watch on 4od.