Jeremy Clarkson’s application to expand the car park at his Diddly Squat Farm has reportedly been rejected. The TV presenter had been hoping to increase the number of parking spaces in the compound from 10 to 70. The application also outlined new entry and exit points off Chipping Norton Road, as well as a storage compound, according to the BBC. The aforementioned outlet reported that the West Oxfordshire District Council had declined the plans, saying they would have been "visually intrusive”. West Oxfordshire District Council (WODC) explained in its decision notice issued on Friday that the location, size and design of the application would not have been "compatible or consistent in scale with the existing farming business or its open countryside location”. It added that it would have had a "harmful impact on the rural character, scenic beauty and tranquillity of the Cotswolds Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty”. The update comes after an application for a restaurant on the property was refused by the council in January. Jeremy had faced backlash from the local community over his idea to expand the farm. More than 50 objections from local residents were registered with the council. Soon after the application was rejected Jeremy broke his silence in a post shared on Twitter. Taking to the social media platform, an online user questioned if the presenter-turned-farmer had any vacancies available. The Twitter user, who went by the name Suzie Pennington, wrote: "Hi Jeremy. Do you take on work experience on the farm? “My son... grandson needs his a** kicking into shape lol." Jeremy candidly replied: "Oh my God. Blast from the past. DON'T MISS...Monty Don sparks frenzy as he announces 'perfect' new family arrival [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton causes stir in hot pink outfit at Miami Grand Prix [PICS]Steph McGovern forced to change BAFTA TV Awards look last minute [BAFTA] "No vacancies at the moment though, I’m sad to say, because of the damn council." The social media user thanked Jeremy for his response, adding that they "hoped the council comes round to your restaurant" plans. Jenn James commented: "I am sorry that, they’ve rejected the restaurant. I thought it was a wonderful idea. “The tourism you’ve bought to the community is unbelievable! “I bet the council enjoy the economical gain from it all though, which has spread throughout the Cotswolds! You did that, not them!" (sic) Diddly Squat became a popular tourist destination in the area after being featured on the Amazon Prime series Clarkson's Farm. The former Top Gear star had bought the farm in 2008 and it was run by a villager. However, when he retired in 2019, the TV personality decided to try and run it himself.