The highly acclaimed CBS crime drama The Equalizer is drawing closer to its finale, with fans still awaiting news about its potential renewal. However, it’s been revealed there was a major shake-up with the crew behind the scenes after the show confirmed its replacements.  Although season two is yet to conclude, The Equalizer confirmed both Andrew W Marlow and Terri Edda Miller had been replaced as showrunners. The two created the series, which was based on the hit 1980s show. Joseph C. Wilson, who has worked on the series since season one and Adam Glass were named as the new showrunners, should the series get renewed. However, with the major shake-up in the team, a third season could be likely, which means the new showrunners could be undergoing preparation before a release date is announced.  READ MORE: Outlander theory: Jamie Fraser ghost explained in fortune teller clue Following their departure, Marlowe and Miller released a joint statement, which read: “We are incredibly proud of the work we did to bring The Equalizer to audiences. “It's been an honour and privilege to work with one of the most talented casts and crews in the business. “Now, in the spirit of The Equalizer, it's time to raise up other important voices who we know will carry on the heart and soul of this show.” The Equalizer is one of three FBI shows waiting to be renewed by CBS, however, according to Deadline, the show should have positive news considering its high ratings.  The series followed rapper-turned-award-winning actress, Queen Latifah, as she portrayed Robyn McCall. The show centres around a single mother who uses her ex-CIA operative skills to serve as a guardian for those experiencing violence on the streets. While the series is a rebook of the 80s classic, actor Denzel Washington took The Equalizer to the big screens in 2014. Back in January, the actor confirmed he would reprise his role as Robert McCall for a third instalment of the movie.  DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan digs at Meghan Markle after Netflix cancellation [INSIGHT]The Equalizer’s Queen Latifah speaks out on Chris Noth axe [INSIGHT]The Equalizer delayed: CBS' Queen Latifah drama taken off air [INSIGHT] Washington shared: “They have written the third Equalizer, so I'm scheduled to do that.” “So I gotta get in shape and start beating people up again. I get to beat people up again.” The TV show has had to overcome some major challenges since it first premiered in 2021, so hopefully, after a renewal things will go seamlessly.  The Equalizer received a straight-to-series order in May 2020, bosses then had to overcome the challenges with COVID-19 after the pandemic shut down entire productions. After bosses agreed it was safe to film, they were forced to produce the series during the first few months of the pandemic in the show’s pilot season. By Season 2, the show had to deal with the off-screen controversy surrounding series regular Chris Noth who was written off following various sexual misconduct allegations. The Equalizer is available on CBS. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 