Princess Diana was forced to turn to the family following her divorce from Prince Charles. Seeking to escape the media scrum around the Royal Family which followed news of the separation Diana had looked to hid herself away at the family home of Althorpe estate in Northampton. However, Channel 5 documentary 'When the Spencers Met the Monarchy' uncovers how the Princess of Wales was let down "deeply" by her brother Charles. Ms Bond said: "After the separation, I think Diana was unsure whether she should stay at the palace or should she move out. "Where should she go, when her brother Charles offered her Gaden house which was on all the Althorpe estate. "It would offer her a great deal of privacy away from the cameras and a new start really. "And she was very excited about it." JUST IN: Prince William plagued by 'what if' questions after BBC attack  However, the programme narrator explains the plan was soon "stopped in its tracks." "Lord Spencer came to the conclusion that having the whole razzamatazz that goes with Diana right on his doorstep was not going to be such a good idea. "So he ended up saying no," continued royal expert Victoria Arbiter "Well of course Diana was deeply let down she was devasted." "She could not believe her brother had said no to her." Diana's brother Earl Spencer has recently been in the spotlight after an inquiry by Lord Dyson found that BBC journalist Martin Bashir had deceived him in order to secure an interview with his sister. Mr Bashir was found to have used forged bank statements in order to gain the confidence of Earl Spencer. Earl Spencer said in an interview with the BBC this week that he could draw a line between Diana interview with Martin Bashir in 1996 and his sister tragic death in Paris. DON'T MISS: Queen's 'soft spot' for Andrew caused rift with Charles [REVEAL]Defund the BBC! Backlash against corporation grows after William reply [SPOTLIGHT]Queen dealt crushing blow as young Britons turn back on monarchy [INSIGHT] He said: "The irony is that I met Martin Bashir on August 31 1995 because exactly two years later she died. "And I do draw a line between the two events. "It is quite clear from the introduction I sat in on [during] September 19 1995 that everyone was going to made untrustworthy.