Riverdale gave the iconic character of Archie Comics the much-needed makeover needed for a new generation. The show, which has been on screens since 2017, has built up a huge fandom with its dark reimagining of the Archie Comics characters. After several years on screen, the series is confirmed to be bowing out. Riverdale will be coming to a close with series seven becoming the final instalment for the gang. Speaking about the show ending, network president Mark Pedowitz said: “I am a big believer in attempting to give series that have had long runs an appropriate sendoff. “We had a long conversation with [executive producer] Roberto [Aguirre-Sacasa] yesterday, who is thrilled by this news, and we will treat the show in the manner it deserves…. We want to make sure it goes out the right way.” The CW executive went on to say: “I think they, too, felt that seven years is the right amount." READ MORE: Did Cole Sprouse leave Riverdale? He added: “As a fan myself, I do want to do what is right for the show.” Viewers have taken to Twitter to comment on the show’s demise but the response has been a mixed one from fans. User @DaaromMike posted: “Knew this was coming but honestly kinda sad… feels like the end of an era of somehow #Riverdale.” “I know this is good and that it has to happen, but I'm still going to be sad about it. #Riverdale,” @NancyRiverDrew tweeted.  “I’m not surprised it’s ending. I just NEED the writers to get the endgames correct before it’s over,” @Ash_michele32 shared. “Pleaseeeee I’m begging you.  @WriterRAS @RiverdaleWriter #bughead #varchie #choni #endgame #Riverdale.” @Beemerw21 added: “I have no idea what’s been happening on Riverdale since Season 3, but I’m pretty sure it jumped the shark like ten times. Faretheewell. #Riverdale.” @Marvels911s tweeted: “I knew it was coming. But after sticking with this show since it premiered, I’m going to miss it so much! Even if I do have a love/hate relationship with it #Riverdale.”  Judging by Pedowitz's statement, The CW kept the show on air longer than others given its previous success. The show was renewed back in March for season seven but it's only now been confirmed this will be the final outing. Season seven will be premiering at some point in 2023 with The CW holding it over until next year to broadcast. Usually, the broadcaster launches its new show as part of the American fall season but Riverdale is being held over. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Debbie Webster reports Abi in revenge twist [ANALYSIS]Sally Dexter partner: Is Emmerdale's Faith Dingle star married? [EXPLAINER]Ozark season 4 theory: Jonah actually shot Wendy as fans spot key clue [INSIGHT] Riverdale has made massive stars of its actors including KJ Apa, Lili Reinhart, Cole Sprouse and Camila Mendes. The show was a mash-up of pop culture and references which have pulled in viewers. Riverdale wasn't the only one to get the chop with Charmed, Dynasty and Roswell: New Mexico getting felled as well. Although many fans are devastated by the news, it was recently announced there will be an Indian movie called The Archies which takes characters from the comics. Riverdale airs on The CW in America and on Netflix UK