The city of Bucha in Ukraine has been devastated by violent attacks from Russian forces as they attempted to strike the capital of Kyiv. A member of the city council explained that Ukrainian authorities were now attempting to recover the area by rebuilding key infrastructure. However, Russian forces have stolen vital equipment needed for urgent city repairs and left frightful reminders of the invasion littered throughout the residential streets. Speaking to BBC’s Ukrainecast, the council member said: “We’re lacking equipment that can be used in the reconstruction.”    He continued: “A lot of such equipment has been stolen or destroyed. “Russian forces used armoured personnel carriers or small arms to fire at vehicles in Bucha to stop them from being used for helping others.” The council member has since fled to Poland to escape the war but he confirmed his city suffered terribly at the hands of Putin’s troops. “Horrible things started happening there,” he explained.    The councillor continued: “Bucha was a beautiful place before the war, lots of parks, very green. “It was absolutely stunning. “Russians left some graffiti on a wall in Bucha and it said the following: we ban you from living beautifully.” Russian troops have left harsh reminders of the destruction caused by the war in a taunting graffiti messages along the street of Bucha. Read more: Revealed: Russia’s secret hit list of British targets   Bucha has become a well recognised town in the Ukraine war as reports of Russian war crimes emerged from the area. The city council member said: “There was lots of torture and rape”. He detailed one attack he was aware of in which Russian soldiers beat a man to death with a hammer. A recent UN Human Rights Monitoring Mission confirmed Bucha had been the site of “depraved acts” against Ukrainian civilians. Don't miss:Disastrous' morale blamed for high death rate of generals [INSIGHT]Peace in Ukraine could help avoid global recession [ANALYSIS]Putin shamed as Russian war effort branded 'spectacular disaster' [REPORT] A statement issued by the UN said: “In Bucha and other suburban towns north of the capital that were overrun by Russian troops, human rights investigators recorded the unlawful killing of over 300 men, women and children.” Matilda Bogner, head of the mission, added: “This includes summary executions and people shot at either in vehicles, crossing roads and so on.” The UN statement continued: “Bucha sprang to international prominence in early April, after graphic images showed the bodies of civilians splayed in the street, some with their hands tied behind their backs. The Mission confirmed more than 3,380 Ukrainian civilians have been killed since the Russian invasion began in February.   