Jose Mourinho has suggested that Tammy Abraham “just needs to click his fingers” if he wants to leave Roma and move back to England. Abraham has been in brilliant form for the Italian club this season and his goals have seen him linked with a transfer back to the Premier League.    Abraham joined Roma in a £34million transfer from Chelsea in August and signed a five-year contract with Mourinho’s side. The England striker made the decision after growing frustrated with the lack of regular game time at Chelsea, who had just splashed out £97.5m to land Romelu Lukaku from Inter Milan. It has proven an inspired decision by Abraham, who has thrived at Roma. The 24-year-old forward has 25 goals and four assists in 50 appearances for Mourinho’s team so far this season. His goals have helped Roma reach the Europa Conference League final, where they will face Feyenoord for the chance to win a first European trophy in 50 years. Yet his success is also a double-edged sword, with the Daily Star reporting last month that Arsenal are ready to offer Roma £50m to sell Abraham this summer if they qualify for the Champions League. Mourinho has been delighted by Abraham’s impact this season but understands the allure of a move back to England. JUST IN: Lyon sent veteran Marcelo to reserves for 'farting in dressing room'  "I don't think it's an easy decision for a young player to leave his club, his house, his city, his country and to leave the Premier League which is of course a competition that when a player is in its hard to leave,” he told Sky Sports. "He took that option and I think he took it because he trusted me. And I think in this moment, if he wants to go back to England – I don't think he wants to, no – but if he wants to go back to England he just needs to click his fingers and I'm so happy for him.  DON'T MISS Tielemans can be Arsenal's next Ramsey with star 'top midfield target' Unsupportable Guardiola; Goodbye Nketiah; Ayling fortunes Arsenal learn Napoli's asking price for Ruiz as Arteta eyes transfer "He's back in the national team and is loved in Rome. I don't say proven everybody wrong, because I think everyone knows he's a good player and I think also, with Smalling, Tomori and Tammy, showing the English boys that there is life outside the Premier League and in Italy there's a life that makes them even better players." Chelsea are understood to have a £68m buy-back option on Abraham, but it is Arsenal who could make a move this summer. Gunners boss Mikel Arteta was keen to sign the young striker 12 months ago and is in desperate need of goal scorers this summer. Arsenal are short on forwards, with Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang gone and Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah poised to leave on free transfers when their contracts expire on July 1. They have been linked with a number of strikers, including Everton’s Dominic Calvert-Lewin and Manchester City’s Gabriel Jesus. 