Actress Joanna Barnes has died at the age of 89 after battling a “lengthy illness”. Joanna died at her home in Sea Ranch, California, according to her friend Sally Jackson. She is survived by her two sisters, Lally and Judith, and her three stepchildren, John, Laura, and Louise. The Parent Trap star was best known for appearing in both the original and remake versions of the hit film.  Joanna played gold-digger Vicky Robinson in the 1961 version of the movie.  The Hollywood star then made a reappearance in the 1998 remake co-starring Lindsay Lohan, in which Joanna played Vicki Blake, mother of the movie’s renamed villain, Meredith (played by Elaine Hendrix). READ MORE... Donny Osmond unveils 'secret' romance - 'Career would've fallen' Alongside her iconic role in The Parent Trap, Joanna also landed roles in the films Home Before Dark, The War Wagon and Hollywood blockbuster Spartacus.  The star earned a Golden Globe award for portraying Gloria Upson in the 1958 film Auntie Mame.    She went on to appear in several TV shows, including 21 Beacon Street, The Trials of O’Brien, and Dateline Hollywood.    Joanna was also beloved by fans for her frequent guest roles in hit shows like The Beverly Hillbillies, Murder. She Wrote and Cheers.    Alongside her successful career as an actress on the big and small screen, Joanna was also a novelist. Her first novel, The Deceivers, was published in 1970. The multi-talented star then authored Pastora in 1980. Joanna regularly wrote for the Los Angeles Times as a book reviewer. DON'T MISS:Simon Cowell admits struggle to recognise himself after years of Botox [COMMENT]Naomi Judd dead: Singer dies aged 76 as daughter Ashley 'shattered' [HEALTH UPDATE]Rachel Riley slammed after arguing 'no one should defend Johnny Depp' [OPINION] She also worked on a column for the publication on interior design. Fans of the actress took to Twitter to pay tribute to her following the sad news of her death.  Kate Gabrielle penned: “So sad to hear that Joanna Barnes has passed. As a kid I thought she was so delightfully evil as Vicky in The Parent Trap, but reevaluating the movie as an adult who doesn't like camping gave me newfound sympathy for her high-maintenence gold digger.”  Benji tweeted: “Joanna Barnes walked so Elaine Hendrix could run. The blue print. Rest well.” Jhpcine said: “RIP Joanna Barnes. She was great in The parent trap 1961, and I’m still at awe at her inmarcesible beauty after seeing her in The parent trap 1998. A truly classy lady.”  Sarah Ganske commented: “Farewell to the beautiful, hilarious Joanna Barnes.” Joanne was born in Boston in 1934 and grew up in Hingham, Massachusetts.  She later moved to California and rose to fame after playing the ditsy role of Gloria Upson in the 1958 film Auntie Mame, for which she earned great critical acclaim.