Escape to the Chateau follows the lives of husband and wife duo Dick Strawbridge and Angel Adoree in their stunning French 19th Century chateau in Martigné-Sur-Mayenne. Having purchased the Chateau de La Motte Husson in 2015 for just £280,000, the couple are continuing to renovate the building which originally had no electricity, heating or water. The Channel 4 docu-series sees how they have progressed in doing up their gorgeous home, transforming it into something even more special. Escape to the Chateau has been airing since 2016, one year after the couple moved from their Southend flat to their amazing French chateau in need of some TLC. Angel and Dick have been a hit on the show, welcoming viewers into their new life, along with their young children Dorothy and Arthur. They found success not only with the original Escape to the Chateau series but two spin-offs. The first being Escape to the Chateau Make, Do and Mend and Chateau DIY which is now considered a separate series documenting other British couples' journeys of moving into French chateaus. READ MORE: EastEnders theory: Beloved family torn apart in resident exit plot Now, it looks like there are plans for another series to be made, starring the likes of Angel and Dick as they travel. While there has been no official confirmation of the series, the pair did reveal on their website that this was the intended plan prior to the coronavirus pandemic. They wrote: "We have actually been planning a travel show for a while. "Unfortunately, lockdown has meant that we have had to put this on the backburner. "But it’s definitely something we are looking to do in the future, so watch this space!" Due to the pandemic, the famous chateau has had to close its doors to welcoming any visitors. This included postponing any weddings which were due to take place at their stunning home. Taking to Twitter, the couple shared the good news of their business slowly returning back to normal. The official Escape to the Chateau Twitter account posted: "The Chateau has been buzzing lately! "The Strawbridges hosted their first wedding in three years, the first Chateau under the Stars, and the first Day of Decadence... "After a joyous couple of weeks, the Strawbridges took a little break and spent last weekend at the seaside." DON'T MISS...Jane McDonald shares glimpse into love life as she bids farewell [EXPLAINER]Escape to the Chateau’s Dick and Angel clashed on family decision [FAMILY]Escape to the Chateau stars issue update after taking 'break' [UPDATE] Angel had previously revealed in an interview with You! magazine that their biggest revenue comes from the weddings "without a shadow of a doubt". In response to their tweet, fans expressed their joy at reading that things were getting back to normal for the famous family. Fan and Twitter follower Mike Bobnick wrote: "A well deserved time away! "Glad business is in full swing and happy you’re able to find some time to recharge! Enjoy your weekend!" Meanwhile, others questioned when the couple would be back for its next season. Escape to the Chateau has already been confirmed for season nine on Channel 4. However, a release date has not yet been announced so it isn't clear when it will be returning. Previous series have premiered in the latter half of the year so this could well be the case for season nine as well. Escape to the Chateau is available to watch on All4.