European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen announced plans to ban Russian oil imports by the end of the year as part of the new package of sanctions Wednesday. But Ukrainian MP Kira Rudik warned that Russia is not going to feel the impact of the ban until 2023. Ms Rudik called for a more imminent reaction from the EU as she said at this rate “Russia will be able to afford one or two more wars” and “the war will still be going on”. Speaking with Ms Rudik, Sky News presenter Jayne Secker said: “Oil and gas to end altogether by the end of the year. “It presumably is not fast enough for you.” Mr Rudik responded: “That is correct. We have been at war with Russia for eight years. “And all those eight years Russia was preparing to invade Ukraine when further. “They accumulated over $760 billion on their accounts. "Some of them are frozen in different countries, but it is still enough for them to continue the war and to continue to kill us. “So every single day when we are talking with you it is over one billion dollar that is paid by European countries to Russia for gas and oil.” She stated: “At this rate, they will not only be able to continue killing us, they will be able to afford one or two more wars. “And as you can see today they paid for their debt with their dollars and euros, so they omit their default ones again. READ MORE: Putin could 'tip' France into war with Russia, security analyst warns “Their financial system is able to survive all the sanctions that have been put beforehand. “The most important sanctions are against Russian oil and gas. This is critical and this is what needs to happen." She added: “However if you look deeper into this sixth package of sanctions, you see that some countries will stop buying Russian gas and oil at the end of 2023. “So when Russia would actually suffer and feeling that it will be only at the beginning of next year.” DON'T MISS: ‘Desperate’ Starmer abandons Partygate attack on Boris [WATCH]Brexit LIVE: Boris poised to break free from hated deal [LISTEN]Newsnight: Nicola Sturgeon branded ‘liar’ over Ferry Fiasco [INSIGHT] She concluded: “The war will still be going on at that time and my people will still be killed”. In light of the EU’s ban on Russian oil, President von der Leyen clarified: “This will be a complete import ban on all Russian oil, seaboard and pipeline, crude and refined” “It will not be easy as some state members are strongly dependent on Russian oil. “But it simply has to work, as Putin must pay a price, a high price, for his brutal aggression."