In the UK, crypto assets are not regulated by HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) in the same way traditional currency is. Instead, HMRC views cryptocurrency, such as Bitcoin, in the same way as investments such as stocks and shares. While the recent market collapse has left many investors concerned, many can plan for the future and reduce their tax bill to avoid losing more money thanks to HMRC rules. It turns out investors could “bank” existing crypto losses with the tax authority to balance the impact of future gains. Paul Webster, a director in Kreston Reeves’ Private Client Tax team, outlined how HMRC views crypto and how people can offset future tax liability. Mr Webster explained: “For the last few years, crypto investors have had to worry about tax liabilities on sale following dramatic increases, but now the tide has turned. “Few investors realise that losses can be banked with HMRC and offset against future gains. READ MORE: Woman, 88, in tears after losing £36,000 savings - after 'scrimping' for 50 years “The sale of cryptoassets is seen by HMRC as a disposal attracting capital gains tax payable at 20 percent. “However, when a sale is made at a loss, which will be a reality for many investors, those losses can be used to offset future gains on other investments, such as investment property. “Losses need to be claimed within four years of the end of the tax year in which they were realised, meaning losses made in May 2022 must be claimed by April 5, 2027.” Every investor in the UK is awarded an annual capital gains allowance of £12,300 which can be used on crypto assets. Under capital gains tax (CGT) rules, which apply to cryptocurrency, investors can also give assets to their spouse or civil partner without a CGT event taking place. As a result, this can double the allowance for many households who invest in this volatile market. The financial expert cited that many crypto investors may choose to “do nothing” with their assets in light of the stock plummeting. However, he added: “Yet, even if an asset is not sold, it is possible to bank a ‘negligible value claim’ with HMRC. “HMRC guidance allows claims to be made when a cryptoasset becomes worth ‘next to nothing’. Negligible value claims do not require the crypto asset to be sold and losses can be carried forward indefinitely. “With the EU looking to ban anonymous cryptoasset transactions and the Financial Action Task Force aiming to tighten money laundering regulations for exchanges and custodians, tax authorities will inevitably have enhanced data on individuals making gains. With that in mind, investors would do well to bank losses now. “The taxation of cryptoassets, particularly in relation to other income and assets, is complex. Investors should always take advice.” Last week, over £245billion was wiped out from the total value of cryptocurrencies due to investor concerns over the collapse of two major tokens. The tokens in question were Terra, or UST, and Luna. UST is a stablecoin, which slightly differs from traditional cryptocurrency as it fluctuates widely and has no set value. In comparison, Luna does fluctuate and fell from an all-time high of £96 per token last month to being removed from trading last week as the price dropped dramatically. Rising interest rates in the US are believed to have affected Luna's value which hurt investor confidence. The collapse of these tokens has had an effect on other cryptocurrencies. Last week, Bitcoin dropped to its lowest level in 18 months.