Andy Murray has officially withdrawn from the French Open as he has his sights firmly set on Wimbledon and the grass-court season. The former world No 1 was set to skip the clay season but changed his mind and accepted a wildcard into the Madrid Open though remained firm that he would not play the clay-court Grand Slam, and has now pulled out. Murray was set to miss the clay season and prepare for the grass after reuniting with former coach Ivan Lendl. But he decided to take a wildcard into the Madrid Masters and toyed with the idea of playing Rome to get some more competitive matches in before Wimbledon. The world No 69 then picked up an illness that forced him to withdraw ahead of his Madrid third-round match with Novak Djokovic, and he then pulled out of the Rome Masters qualifying. With the illness reducing the amount of matches he had, it was not known whether Murray would decide to play the French Open after all. But he is sticking to his guns and has officially removed himself from the draw as he focuses on the upcoming grass court season, where he hopes he can have the most success. The 35-year-old will also be starting his grass swing earlier than usual, having entered the ATP 250 in Stuttgart, which begins on June 4. JUST IN: Tsitsipas 'forgotten' devastating Djokovic loss ahead of Rome final   He is then expected to play at the Queens Club, where he is a five-time former champion, before heading to Wimbledon. It is not known whether he could add another tournament like Eastbourne to his schedule to get some more matches in. But Murray risks not receiving any ranking points in reward for his efforts on the British grass, as the ATP Tour looks to impose sanctions on Wimbledon and the LTA for their ban on Russian and Belarusian players. The ATP and WTA have been holding meetings in Madrid and Rome to determine punishments for the tournaments, and sound set to strip the ranking points on offer. DON'T MISSDjokovic fails to match Nadal in 1000th win standing but beats FedererDjokovic admits Federer and Nadal motivated landmark 1000th winDjokovic beats Ruud for landmark 1000th win and Rome final spot   The tours are yet to announce their final decision but on Saturday, fellow British pro Tara Moore said both the WTA and ATP Player Councils had voted in favour of removing the ranking points on offer to players at Wimbledon and the other British grass-court events. “Can someone explain to me how the WTA player council (who is supposed to represent the players) has voted for NO POINTS to be given at WIMBLEDON and no player outside the council was even consulted?!?!” she wrote in an Instagram story. The doubles world No 89 then shared screenshot of her story on Twitter, adding: “Also the ATP players council has voted this through too.” 