Liverpool will reportedly put a dent in club legend Steven Gerrard's transfer plans at Aston Villa by giving Joe Gomez a new contract in the summer which would block any possible move to Villa Park in the process. Gomez has had only a bit-part role at Anfield this season following the arrival of Ibrahima Konate and the superb form of Virgil van Dijk and Joel Matip. The London-born defender has been one of Liverpool's most consistent performers in the last few years, although injury halted his progress in 2020. That led to less game time, and after a slow start back on the pitch many questioned whether he would force his way back into Jurgen Klopp's plans. Yet after impressing at right-back when covering for Trent Alexander-Arnold, the German is expected to reward the player with a new contract to prove his faith in him according to the Telegraph. The publication states that Gomez has been discussed by Villa's recruitment staff as they look to strengthen in the summer. However, the sense at Bodymoor is that Liverpool will tie their man down to a new contract to deny Gerrard an exciting addition. Tyrone Mings and Calum Chambers are fine partners to Ezri Konsa at centre-back but a new level of centre-back appears to required to lift them up the table. And with Konsa likely to be out for around four months with a knee injury, reinforcements are needed for the start of the new season. Klopp has previously acknowledged that Gomez has been extremely unfortunate with injuries throughout his time at Anfield, and he praised the centre-back for being consistently 'incredible'. "It's really unlucky for Joe," Klopp said back in February. "He has consistently played on an incredible level and has been one of the best centre-halves in England, but then the big injury came and little injuries on top of that. Then he got Covid. That timing was really bad because he would definitely have played against Cardiff and that would have given him some rhythm and momentum. But he couldn't play, so it has been tough. "The only thing I can say as well, there are tougher things than being a squad player at the moment for Liverpool. There are much tougher things out there and the only answer in football is you have to fight through and show you are ready for the moment when the situation changes."