Former Liverpool defender Jamie Carragher has revealed that he is pleased that Everton managed to avoid relegation. The Toffees secured their Premier League status for next season with a 3-2 victory over Crystal Palace. With Everton needing a win to ensure that they stayed up, it looked like their relegation battle would not end before the final day of the season on Sunday. Palace took a 2-0 lead into half-time, with Jean-Philippe Mateta and Jordan Ayew silencing the Goodison Park crowd. But Frank Lampard managed to rejuvenate his Toffees troops at half-time, and just nine minutes after the restart Michael Keane managed to half the deficit with a smart volley. Richarlison then equalised in the 75th minute before Dominic Calvert-Lewin headed home with five minutes to go to complete the comeback. Reds hero Carragher was then probed about the Toffees surviving relegation, with a fan claiming that ‘his club’ stayed up on Thursday night due to his Everton ties. But the former England international promptly shut him down with a reply of: “My club stayed up in Jan! JUST IN: Man Utd's Paul Pogba 'agreed terms' with Man City before U-turn due to 'unbearable' fear “But I’m happy Everton stayed up, I’d miss the aggro I get after a derby!” Lampard was complimented for his game management in the second half, with many pointing to the introduction of Dele Alli as a key factor in the comeback. Speaking after the match, the Lampard said: ”Coming in here three and a half months ago with my amazing staff, positive people who work so hard and trying to affect things and getting a reaction from the players, from the fans and feeling unity when it looked split. This club is special and I am proud to be the manager of Everton on this night. DON'T MISS...Man Utd injury latest: Updates on five players for Palace clashErik ten Hag 'will have no say' on Man Utd XI vs Crystal PalaceChelsea 'hatch plan' to secure first signing after Boehly takeover “I am full of thanks tonight; thanks to the fans for taking me on board, to the board for taking me on at a difficult time when we appeared to be going in the wrong direction, and to the players. That was down to the players.” It remains to be seen whether the former Chelsea boss is able to enjoy more success in the summer transfer window having witnessed his predecessors waste plenty of money on sub-par arrivals. He will be keen to kick on from this success, and potentially use the bounce and positive atmosphere at Goodison Park to attract top talent.