Kylian Mbappe is world-class. That’s a fact, something that can’t be denied as talk of him leaving PSG for Real Madrid continues. But with the Ligue 1 giants supposedly ready to give him maximum control at the Parc des Princes to ensure he stays put, that’s something that shows why they’ve failed to win the Champions League despite being one of the richest clubs on the planet. In the summer transfer window of 2017, PSG signed Neymar from Barcelona - paying a massive £200million to lure him to France. But, not content with that, they then decided to go all-out to beat Real Madrid to the signing of Mbappe - who had dazzled for Monaco the previous season. Ever since, the 23-year-old has gone from strength to strength. He’s very much the talisman of this PSG team, ahead of both Neymar and Lionel Messi. But, as the end of his contract this summer looms larger, Mbappe could be on the move. Real Madrid had him on trial many years ago and, as mentioned above, missed out in 2017. This time, they’re hoping it’ll be third time lucky. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Mbappe has reportedly already agreed personal terms with Los Blancos ahead of a move to the Bernabeu, where he’d unite with France strike partner Karim Benzema up top. But PSG aren’t giving up just yet. Far from it. According to El Chiringuito TV, the Ligue 1 titans have offered to make Mbappe the ‘owner of their project’ next season. That would allow the France international to have a say in whoever manages the team, at a time where Mauricio Pochettino is expected to lose his job. It would also grant Mbappe the chance to play a role in their transfer policy, and who comes and who goes. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And this is on top of PSG being willing to give him a massive £4million salary each and every month, too. Yet if this is the case, then PSG are shooting themselves in the foot. No player, even one of Mbappe’s size and stature, deserves that level of power. PSG haven’t won the Champions League despite being one of the richest clubs on the planet for over a decade, now. But there’s a reason for that. They build around players, rather than a style or system. They grant them privileges few in world football do. Take Neymar, for example. Signed as one of the best players on the planet, he’s had some brilliant moments throughout his time at the Parc des Princes. However, he’s not universally popular. Some at PSG are frustrated he’s allowed to live the high life away from the field, with the Samba star often seen out on the town in Paris. PSG, by letting Mbappe oversee every decision at the young age of 23, will risk upsetting other members of the squad. And their decision to go down such a desperate route also shows Real is exactly the place to be. Yes, expectations are through the roof over at the Bernabeu. That’s always bound to be the case given their glittering history and massive trophy cabinet. But Real build around the team, rather than the individual. When they sold Cristiano Ronaldo to Juventus in 2018, and didn’t sign an A-lister as a replacement, some feared the worst. But Madrid have won two La Liga titles in the time since and can add another Champions League crown to their collection if they beat Liverpool in the final later this month. In Real’s eyes, and those of club president Florentino Perez, nobody is bigger than the club. And that’s why they continue to be successful no matter the changes in personnel, either on the pitch or behind the scenes. PSG are right to want to keep Mbappe. But, by going this far, it’s a move that could backfire horrendously for Nasser Al-Khelaifi.