The news comes following a tweet by the Deputy Labour Leader over rising prices and the effect being felt by people’s pockets. Ms Rayner said people are £2,620 “worse off” under the Conservative Party, in a tweet shared by fellow Labour shadow ministers.  According to fullfact.org, the claim made by Ms Rayner is incorrect. Following an investigation into the sum, the fact-checking organisation said: “This appears to be the same misleading claim that we have checked twice before.” In their own tweet on the topic, Full Fact said: “This figure comes from an unreliable estimate that doesn’t take account of wage or benefit rises.“We have repeatedly asked Labour to stop using it.” According to sources within the Labour Party, the figure was calculated by adding five predicted price rises an average household could expect to face this year. The organisation said: “These estimates have not been fully explained, and some are not reliable. “Crucially, Labour has also not accounted for any changes in wages or benefits, both of which are rising in cash terms.”  Full Fact has also asked Labour to cease using the estimated sum, however, it claims the party has neither stopped nor withdrawn its claims. According to the fact-checking team, the cost was estimated by adding costs coming from taxes, energy prices, petrol, food and mortgages. Labour estimated taxes would rise by £1,060, energy prices by £690, petrol by £300, food by £275 and mortgages by £295 annually. The organisation states calculating increases is far more complicated than first thought, believed in part due to varying personal circumstances.  READ MORE:'This is a Labour cover up!' Dan Wootton in heated 'beergate' row It said: “Forecasting changes to living standards is always tricky—particularly at the moment when inflation forecasts are changing rapidly. “Estimates will also vary depending on the methodology being used.” The Office for Budget Responsibility has specifically estimated the change in living standards over the next year. It said in March: “Real household disposable incomes per person fall by 2.2 percent in 2022-23, the largest fall in a single financial year since ONS records began in 1956-57.” Estimating the size of this impact on the disposable income of the average household depends on which definition of the “average household” you use.  DON'T MISS:US 'Doomsday' plane preparing for action [REPORT]Putin owes Kim 'frightening debt' [REVEAL]German airspace horror - 'Eurofighters' scrambled [INSIGHT] Using the Office for National Statistics (ONS) figure for the mean non-equivalised household income produces a figure of about £1,000. When asked to correct the claim, Labour is reported to have replied to Full Fact by saying: “Other independent groups arrive at similar figures.” In spite of claims made by Labour, the cost of living has affected everyday Britons heavily. Prime Minister Boris Johnson was heavily criticised over his handling of a question by GMB Susanna Reid when she mentioned a pensioner named Elsie who had been forced to travel on buses to stay warm as she could no longer afford to hear her home.  The 77-year old was said to be “disappointed” by Mr Johnson’s response of claiming credit for issuing 24-hour bus passes to pensioners. Ms Reid said: “I’ve spoken to Elsie, since the interview this morning with the prime minister, and she says how disappointed she is with what he said. “Because she says there are people who are even worse off than she is, and there was no answer for them, apart from ‘oh I was the person who was responsible for the bus pass,’ I mean, as if she’s supposed to be grateful.” According to EndFuelPovery.org, 6.32 million households are now predicted to be in fuel poverty due to the latest price cap rise put in place on April 1. 