The MSE founder and TV personality shared 15 ways Britons can save money during the cost of living crisis. One of the things he recommends is slashing broadband and mobile phone costs - some 16 million Britons are paying too much. Financial journalist Martin Lewis says the cost of living crisis is going to get worse before it gets better. However, people can make big savings by looking for a better broadband and mobile deal. Around 16 million Britons are out of contract and won’t be charged for switching providers, he told the Daily Mail. Mr Lewis said: “Many are on older contracts still paying the bog-standard full price.” READ MORE: HMRC tax refund of up to £3,374 could pay for your energy bills He continued: “Yet two minutes on MSE’s comparison tools can often find deals saving more than £200 a year.” Mr Lewis also reminded people there are cheaper tariffs available for Britons on Universal Credit. He added: “Or do you qualify for a broadband ‘social tariff’? “If you’re on a lower income – for example, claiming Universal Credit – MSE has a list of social tariffs, from £15 a month.” DON'T MISSPIP claim: Thousands could be owed up to £5,000 from DWP [ALERT]Cambridge Building Society offering five percent interest [UPDATE]Savings warning: The one action ‘guaranteed to lose you money’ [WARNING] The financial guru said he feels saddened because it’s difficult to help those on the lowest income, with no wriggle room to make savings. However, he did recommend 15 ways some Britons may be able to cut costs. One of the first things people should do is check whether they are entitled to government help. More than 800,000 are missing out on pension credit which is for people who receive the state pension and are on a low income.  State benefits are still significantly underclaimed - around £15 billion is lost in unclaimed DWP benefits every year. Often they also act as gateway benefits to other “freebies” like council tax reductions and for some people a free TV licence. Pensioners are the age group who are most likely to be missing out according to charity Age UK. While some may be concerned there is a stigma attached to receiving benefits, others aren’t aware they may qualify for additional help. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea If people have already applied all of Martin’s money saving tips, there are ways they can make extra money to offset rising costs. Express.co.uk recently shared 50 tried and tested ways people can make money with some pensioners earning up to £300 a day. Savvy Britons are working as TV and film extras or setting up side hustles and offering help with DIY on sites like Airtasker. People can also consider taking in a lodger or foreign language students as this could earn them an extra £7,500 a year tax free. Martin Lewis is the Founder and Chair of MoneySavingExpert.com. To join the 13 million people who get his free Money Tips weekly email, go to www.moneysavingexpert.com/latesttip.