The mood being spread around Westminster by the die-hard "Boris brigade" was the lack of any likelihood of a challenge to his leadership. "The boss" is back, fully focused, and his main rival Rishi Sunak has been sent packing in his £95 sliders. But even among those most Gung Ho for BoJo there was wariness about "those bloody local elections".  Expectation management was in full flow as a gloomy prediction of a tsunami of Tory losses was openly mooted. Now we know the Conservatives, led by the PM, had a bruising night and endured some ugly flesh wounds, but nothing, it would appear, fatal. To lose a totemic London borough such as Barnet, which had been held by the Conservatives since its creation in 1964, and West Oxford, will have hurt. Margaret Thatcher's supposedly "favourite local council" in Wandsworth is also a big loss. And the PM only needs to set foot out of his front door to be in Labour territory with the loss of Westminster. But crucially, Labour can never be the party of government if it cannot regain those vital Northern seats, and in too many of those areas, the indications of required growth were simply not there. It's one thing to win in Hampstead, but it's simply embarrassing for Labour to lose in Hull. Meanwhile, Boris had sought to make the elections about potholes and parking rather than Prosecco and parties. He clearly didn't pull it off. All of which means it's D-Day for the Conservatives and the choice could scarcely be more stark. It's not hard to deduce from last week's results that a change at the top could be the new order of the day, but those clamouring for it need to be careful what they wish for. The charge sheet against Boris is exhaustive. You can point to anything and everything from wallpaper and spiralling energy costs to a stalled Brexit. On many occasions he has undoubtedly been his own worst enemy. His ill-advised and plodding defiance when answering questions in the House of Commons made him appear leaden-footed – once an impossibility. But then there are the PM's achievements, and a row is already waging over whether he made enough of those during the campaign and why Westminster surrendered news concerning the supply and administering of vaccinations to the devolved nations. Remember, it was neither Nicola Sturgeon from Scotland nor Mark Drakeford in Wales who invested in, signed off on or successfully delivered those vital vaccines. That was all down to Westminster – but much of the UK remains blissfully unaware of this. As well as the vaccine programme, Johnson can also point to being the PM to "get Brexit done" as well as being the world leader who first realised the importance of the war in Ukraine. As US President Joe Biden was found asleep at the wheel and the EU held meetings about meetings to ensure they did the sum total of sweet flip all, Johnson was sending missiles, bullets and cash to Ukraine. His address to the Ukrainian parliament last week – the first world leader to do that – confirmed his status. Having had more drinks in the last chance saloon than your average zombie, the Prime Minister finds his fate in his own hands once more. Let's see what he makes of it this time. Initially, London's Metropolitan Police said there was no evidence to support an investigation into what went on in 10 Downing Street at those alleged parties. Then, they finally lumbered along to take a look and a raft of fines was issued. Anyone care to explain the difference with that Labour "gathering" at Durham? Initially, only a handful of people were involved – now it appears to be dozens. Leader Sir Keir Starmer was NOT joined by deputy Angela Rayner, but now we know he was. There was no food available so a takeaway was a last resort. Now we learnt there was a plethora of options. Around £200 of curry duly turned up and a healthy supply of beer was liberated. So why the reticence by Durham Police to have a fresh look? In the latest and arguably the deafest incarnation of student wokery, Cambridge University has decided students need to be protected from some works of Shakespeare – so "trigger warnings" have been added to some plays. Bizarrely, Little House On The Prairie also features on the list of books that could cause deep emotional stress for students. Peak woke? Regrettably, I sense that is unlikely as the unabated infantilisation of our students – and in this instance, some of the brighter ones – continues unchecked. One day they will need to know that life is not always sweet and it can, actually, be bloody grim. Meanwhile, what chance a story concerning a youngster coping with the fatal and unjustified shooting of their mother at such a young age can survive? Yes, it could be bye bye Bambi soon! The so-called "sale of the century" – when 2.1 million people were able to buy their council homes in 1980 under a policy brought in by Margaret Thatcher – was one of the finest policies in many, many years. Where it went badly awry is that councils pocketed the cash and then failed to replenish housing stock. If, as floated last week, Boris Johnson is looking to reintroduce it, this will be a masterstroke – so long as a major replacement building programme is included. Interestingly, Labour and the Left loathe the idea. Might it be that they much prefer to keep the working class captive in their houses and flats and reliant on the state, rather than setting them free on the path of actually becoming homeowners? Surely the argument for imposing a windfall tax grows stronger by the day. Shell became the latest oil giant to ring up colossal profits last week and in some instances, these companies have seen their profits TREBLE! Little surprise one oil boss likens the financial state of his firm at the moment as akin to a "cash machine". People are really hurting down on Struggle Street, let these firms who are taking it away in gold-plated wheelbarrows contribute more, just on this occasion. Vile Wayne Couzens – the police officer who abducted, raped and murdered Sarah Everard – does not deserve to die behind bars, argue his lawyers, because he showed such remorse at his trial. His rarely imposed full-life term should be cut to 35 years, they say. Now imagine how Couzens reacted to his victim's pleas for help during her unimaginable ordeal. I'd suggest our courts follow the same path and ignore this beast's pitiful begging for mercy. As this is written, it is a beautiful spring evening and dreams of some summer sunshine seem wholly justified. So, a fruity white wine from sundrenched climes bursting with taste seems right. Try the Esporao Bico Amarelo Vinho Verde, £9.50 at the Wine Society.