Before Meghan Markle officially joined the Royal Family in 2018, she was a public figure in her own right. She was an actress, best known for starring in Suits as paralegal-turned-associate Rachel Zane. Royal author Tom Bower, who is currently working on an unauthorised biography of the Duchess, claims that the former actress "trampled on all those others on the way" to secure her position. Speaking on GB News, Mr Bower said: "In fact, I have finished it [the book] and it will be out very soon. "It's an untold story and I found out things that are really quite extraordinary about her. Speaking about his upcoming book, Mr Bower added: "I think the public perception of her will be either confirmed or outrage, or in any case, it'll be a great surprise. "It has turned out to be a very very hard slog because people were pretty reluctant to speak. READ MORE: Prince Harry set for 'special announcement' in HOURS – Duke of Sussex poised to speak out He added: "It is an astonishing story of a woman who came from nothing and is now a world figure and has trampled on all those others on the way, which is classic". The royal author added: "These are the people I always choose, whether it is a politician or a tycoon. "The victims are keen to talk and have spoken and it's been a really gripping story". READ MORE: Prince Harry struggled with 'damaging' label since childhood 'Diana tried to shield him' Last year, it was reported that Meghan was on track for a tense battle with Buckingham Palace due to a legal probe into "bullying" allegations made against her. The 40-year-old vehemently denied the allegations made against her. The probe was launched in March after two senior members of staff alleged they had been bullied by Meghan during her time as a working royal. DON'T MISS In January 2020 Meghan and Prince Harry announced their decision to step down as senior royals. Their last royal engagement took place in March 2020. The couple currently resides in California with their two young children, three-year-old son Archie and 11-month-old daughter Lilibet. It has recently been confirmed that the couple, along with their children, will visit the UK next month for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations.