The average house price increased once again last month by 1.1 percent or £3,078 in cash terms, according to the latest house price index from Halifax. This is the longest run of continuous increases in house prices since the end of 2016. Average house prices are now up by £47,568 over the last two years. Russell Galley, managing director at Halifax, said housing transactions and mortgage approvals remain above levels seen before the coronavirus pandemic began. The property expert said heightened buyer enquiries also suggest that housing market activity will remain heightened over the next few months. He continued: “The imbalance between supply and demand persists, with an insufficient number of new properties coming onto the market to meet the needs of prospective buyers and strong competition to secure properties driving up prices. “There remains evidence that this demand is centred on larger, family homes, rather than smaller properties such as flats. “Over the past year, prices for detached and semi-detached properties have risen by over 12 percent, compared to just 7.1 percent for flats. READ MORE: Jo Brand has 'brilliant time' at home in quiet Kent town “The net cash increase for detached properties, at just under £50,000 over the past year, is nearly five times more than for flats.” The recent surge in house prices will likely continue, despite economic uncertainty brought on largely by an increase in the cost of living. However, Mr Galley said “headwinds” in the wider economy “cannot be ignored”. “The house price to income ratio is already at its highest ever level, and with interest rates on the rise and inflation further squeezing household budgets, it remains likely that the rate of house price growth will slow by the end of this year,” he added. Northern Ireland is the UK’s strongest performer in terms of annual house inflation, reaching its highest rate of annual growth since December 2007 at 14.9 percent. The average house price is now £182,565, however, this is below the country’s record high of £230,931 which was set prior to the financial crisis in the summer of 2007. DON'T MISSCleaning: How to ‘eliminate yellow stains’ from pillows ‘with ease’ [INSIGHT]‘They won’t come back’: How to remove dandelions from lawns [UPDATE]Homes Under the Hammer buyers add £43,000 to property value [ANALYSIS] Wales, which has seen a lot of growth in recent months, continues to perform with house price inflation of 14.2 percent. The average house price is £214,396 which is another all-time high. House prices in Scotland have also increased to a new record of £196,471. Six out of nine regions in England recorded double-digit annual house price inflation in April. Southwest England recorded the biggest increase with annual house price growth at 14.8 percent. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The average house price in the southwest has now reached an eye-watering £301,632. The rate of annual house price inflation in London continues to be slower than the rest of the country, with prices now up by 6.2 percent year-on-year. However, average property prices in the capital remain much higher than the rest of the country. The average house price in London is now £537,896, a new record for the city. Guy Gittins, CEO of Chestertons, said 2022 continues to set “new records”. He said: “This April, the number of agreed sales jumped by a staggering 28 percent since the beginning of the year and 12 percent compared to April last year. “London buyers registering with our branches this April were up 31 percent whilst viewings were equally at a record high. “This demand has created a strong sellers’ market which has led to 38 percent fewer vendors willing to reduce their asking prices compared to April 2021.  “The sheer volume of agreed sales in April has created a challenging workload for solicitors and banks which has impacted on the time it takes to finalise a sale. “Although we are nowhere near the delays the market has witnessed during the pandemic, buyers still need to be prepared for their deal to take slightly longer than anticipated.” Jason Tebb, Chief Executive Officer of property search website OnTheMarket.com, said the evidence suggests the housing market is “far from slowing down”. He continued: “The level of new instructions coming to the market continues to rise slowly, in part due to normal seasonal trends, but there’s still not enough to keep up with demand and this strong competition is driving up prices. “A remarkable level of confidence remains in the market, despite considerable headwinds. “Buyers who are serious about moving should be decisive or risk missing out on their chosen property, particularly if they want to take advantage of low mortgage rates while they can." Lucy Pendleton, property expert at independent estate agents James Pendleton said: “This is a housing market with its fingers in its ears, ignoring the gales blowing around it and blithely carrying on. “With all the economic speed bumps, the threat of inflation topping 10 percent and a spike in unemployment, it’s amazing how little things have been affected. “Yet a tenth successive monthly rise has been notched up and annual growth is still in double digits. “Appropriately for a market separated from reality, it is detached properties that are seeing the biggest growth, suggesting up-sizers are still having to fight hardest over dwindling stock. “The ongoing lack of supply and the savings left in some people’s pandemic piggy banks seem enough to fuel new buyer enquiries and keep the show on the road for now. “Yet the latest interest rate rise to one percent is only going to make getting a mortgage tougher in the months to come. “The cost of the average home could even reach £300,000 before the year is out, although the brakes may have been applied by then.”