ITV’s entertainment extravaganza Britain’s Got Talent comes to a head this week as the acts are whittled down for the all-important grand final at the weekend. The semi-finals will be taking place every evening across this week. Express.co.uk has all the information you need on the semi-finals including the start time, acts, and the favourites to win. Britain’s Got Talent will be airing on ITV tonight (May 30) at 8pm and will run for two hours, finishing at 10pm. The semi-finals will be airing weekday nights all this week in the same time slot at 8pm. There will be a total of eight acts taking to the stage this evening including 77-year-old singer Mel Day, the London Community Gospel Choir, David Walliams’ Golden Buzzer act and dance troupe Born to Perform, magician The Witch, impersonator Suzi Wild, Junwoo, schoolboy ventriloquist Jamie Leahey, and busker Maxwell Thorpe. There will also be a guest act in the form of Moulin Rouge! The Musical with Baz Luhrmann’s film brought to the stage. Here is a list of the semi-final dates: The judging panel had to narrow down the auditionees to just the final 40 acts to appear in the live shows. Each semi-final will see all eight acts perform before the winners are announced - one chosen by the judges and one voted on by the public. There will also be a guest act to keep audiences entertained with performances from Back To The Future: The Musical, 2009 winners Diversity, Emeli Sandé, and the winner of Ukraine's Got Talent and Britain's Got Talent: The Champions finalist, performance artist Kseniya Simonova. Friday will mark the last live semi-final when the remaining acts will be performing in the hopes of bagging one of the last slots in the final. Along with the contestants, there will be a Platinum Jubilee extravaganza to celebrate Queen Elizabeth II’s reign with previous winners Jon Courtenay and Colin Thackery coming back. They will be collaborating with The D-Day Darlings and D-Day Juniors, alongside The Chelsea Pensioners Choir and Military Drummers for an unmissable performance. Viewers must register to vote and use your mobile to verify your phone with individuals able to five free votes per window. You can only vote once the lines have been opened with hosts Ant and Dec announcing when they will be live on the show. DON'T MISS...Vera's Aiden Healy confirms 'break' from series [UPDATE]Coronation Street’s Kevin Webster confirms character exit [INSIGHT]Lucy Pargeter age: How old is Emmerdale's Chas Dingle star? [EXPLAINER] Britain’s Got Talent 2022 grand final will be on ITV on Sunday, June 5 rather than the Saturday when the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee will take place. Kicking off at 7.30pm, the final will a lengthy show which finishes at 10pm. The winner will get to perform on the Royal Variety Performance and walk away with £250,000. There will be 10 acts performing in the final but only one can reign victorious on the night. Not only this, the cast of Sister Act the musical will be appearing for a performance which includes Jennifer Saunders, Lesley Jospeh, and Beverley Knight. The current favourite to win is Maxwell Thorpe with odds of 23/10 from Paddy Power and BetFair and 9/4 from SkyBet. Tom Ball comes in second place with 9/2 from Betfred, while Born to Perform as a third most likely to win also with 9/2 from Betway. The official Britain’s Got Talent has already opened the application process for series 16 and is calling for people to apply for 2023. Applicants can either audition via video, WhatsApp or in person but need to create a performer profile via the application site. Britain’s Got Talent airs on ITV tonight at 8pm and continues every night this week