Chelsea have been urged to hijack any Barcelona move for Robert Lewandowski this summer as a possible replacement for Romelu Lukaku. After Todd Boehly completed his £4billion takeover of the club on Monday, the Blues are now able to be active in the transfer market and they have been told to back manager Thomas Tuchel and go for Bayern Munich striker Lewandowski. Former Chelsea striker Tony Cascarino told talkSPORT: “If he [Tuchel] is given the option of getting Lewandowski, you are going to go for it. “Okay he is 32 he might go like he did with Thiago Silva, I know he didn’t bring him to Chelsea but he made it very clear in Paris to everybody involved that he wanted to keep him at PSG so they kept him again.” When former Arsenal midfielder Ray Parlour speculated about a fee of £25million for the Polish striker, Cascarino replied: “To Chelsea that would be small change wouldn’t it. Okay, you would have to give him a contract that was at the very highest end but to me if I could get that one over the line, Chelsea have missed goals in the centre-forward position all season. “It has cost them so dearly. They have come third, they are Club World Cup champions, they were European champions but I think they could have done with a real ultimate goalscorer and he is one of them. You would look at him every day of the week.” Lukaku has been linked with a move back to Inter Milan after a disappointing first season back at Chelsea since his £97.5million move from the Italian club a year ago while Lewandowski has made his desire to leave Bayern very clear. His contract ends in 2023 and the Polish striker has stated his ambition to move elsewhere this summer. He recently said: “One thing is certain today, my story with Bayern is over. I realise a transfer will be the best solution for both sides. I hope they don't stop me." Lewandowski scored 35 goals in 34 Bundesliga appearances last season, as the German giants won their tenth consecutive league title. The striker has won eight Bundesliga titles with Bayern, and also won two with Borussia Dortmund before he made the switch in 2014. Chelsea’s summer business can now begin as Boehly’s acquisition of the club was finalised on Monday. The club are expected to wrap up the signing of Sevilla transfer Jules Kounde, as a number of key defensive players are set to leave Stamford Bridge this summer. Antonio Rudiger has already confirmed a move to Real Madrid on a free transfer, while Andreas Christensen is also expected to follow him to Spain with Barcelona. Club captain Cesar Azpilicueta and Marcos Alonso have also been linked with moves to La Liga.