Escape to the Chateau stars extraordinary couple Dick Strawbridge, 62, and Angel Adoree, 43, who have been married since 2015. Shortly after, they gave up their lives in the UK at their Southend flat to start afresh at a French 19th Century with the aim of transforming the run-down building into their dream home. The Channel 4 also depicts their everyday family life with their two youngsters Arthur, nine, and Dorothy, eight. Fans have come to love Dick Strawbridge and Angel Adoree who are clearly head over heels for one another. The Escape to the Chateau stars are often very affectionate with one another and adore looking after their young children. But Angel wasn't always the woman in Dick's life as he already had one marriage under his belt by the time they met. He was married to naturalist and gardener Brigit Weiner for almost three decades. READ MORE: Sally Dexter age: How old is Emmerdale's Faith Dingle star? Dick and Brigit tied the knot in the early 1980s but filed for divorce in 2010. During this time, they had two children, James Strawbridge, who is now 38-years-old, and his younger sister Charlotte, 35. James is a professional chef who owns Strawbridge Kitchen in Cornwall, a service that provides "practical step-by-step photography and more traditionally styled food photography or product shots for print editorial and online publications". As well as photographing food, James regularly develops new recipes as part of his business. On top of this, James is the author of The Artisan Kitchen and The Complete Vegetable Cookbook: A Seasonal, Zero-waste Guide to Cooking with Vegetables. According to the Strawbridge Kitchen website, he resides on the South Cornish coast with his wife Holly and their three young children. James doesn't often share any insights into his family life but earlier this year, he posted a picture of himself and his dad Dick on Instagram. When fans saw the post, they couldn't help but comment how much alike the father-and-son duo looked. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Max Turner's boyfriend unmasked  [THEORY]Escape to the Chateau’s Angel Adoree details feeling 'emotional' [CAST]Is the chateau from Escape to the Chateau open for bookings? [EXPLAINER] Daisy4moo commented: "Bl**dy hell, Strawbridge Mk 2... good genes in that family!" Suedando2 remarked James is "So like your Dad," with others also stating how much they look alike. A third added: "Twins! You’re the absolute younger version of your dad! Enjoy your special time together." James doesn't publicise spending time with his famous father typically but did previously appear in an episode of Escape to the Chateau when Angel threw her parents a 15th wedding anniversary party. Escape to the Chateau hasn't been seen since the end of 2021 for its eighth season. The Channel 4 docu-series has already been given the go-ahead for another outing. However, it is unclear exactly when Dick and Angel Strawbridge will be returning to TV screens. Escape to the Chateau is available to watch on All4.