On Wednesday, the seaside resort of Eastbourne will become the first town in the country to declare a "Cost of Living Emergency" in response to soaring energy bills and prices. Josh Babarinde OBE, Eastbourne Liberal Democrat councillor and Parliamentary Candidate, told Express.co.uk: “It has been harrowing for me to see the huge rate of people accessing food banks. My inbox is full of local residents from the very estate that I grew up on saying ‘we are struggling and not getting enough support’." The declaration comes after new data from the Trussell Trust highlighted that Eastbourne Foodbank was the busiest in the country in 2021/22, with more food parcels distributed per head than any other Foodbank in the UK. “That is a sign of the cost of living crisis, escalating into a cost of living emergency,” Mr Babarinde noted. Howard Wardle, who has been working at Eastbourne Foodbank since June 2011, has observed a shocking increase in the number of people they help. He told Express.co.uk: “Over the past two years we’ve seen numbers increasing. We've seen a lot of absolutely desperate people, people that have just got absolutely nothing. And if we didn't give them something to take away to eat then they would be in real trouble.” Last year, they gave out 155,000 meals. But comparing the first three months of 2021 with 2022, they have seen an increase of 78 percent in the demand of people coming for help. Mr Wardle explained that one of the interactions that had stuck with him was a woman who had picked up food at the food bank and revealed that they had no electricity in their flat. The young children had not watched TV in weeks and the small family would go to bed early to keep warm as the winter crept in. Mr Wardle said he took them to the local Co-op and bought her some electricity for her meter card so they could cook the food they had collected that night. He told Express.co.uk: “Those sort of things, those real people situations, really stick with you. “When you have to actually look the person in the face and deal with that, it really does just get to you and that's what I think these MPs should do - actually talk to somebody like that and see the reality of what's happening in the country.” In addition to a growing community of people needing food banks, Eastbourne has disproportionately high rates of child poverty compared to the rest of the region - 18 percent up from 13 percent in the southeast more generally. There is also a higher level of people claiming unemployment benefit, five percent rather than three percent as seen in the rest of the southeast. Mr Babarinde, who was elected in May 2021, will make the emergency declaration at a meeting of Eastbourne Borough Council on Wednesday, May 18 at 6pm. The emergency motion also calls on the Government to enact three key demands to support struggling families. The first is to immediately impose a "Windfall Tax" on the super profits of oil and gas companies and use this to take an average of £600 off Eastbournians’ energy bills this year. The second demand is to reduce the standard rate of VAT from 20 percent to 17.5 percent for one year, saving the average Eastbourne household a further £600 this year. And finally to re-introduce the pensions triple lock to support Eastbourne’s pensioners. Speaking ahead of the meeting tonight, Mr Babarinde said: “My overriding emotion is that I feel sick. I feel sick that my town, the town that I grew up in, has been hit so hard by this cost of living crisis. I feel sick that inaction from this Conservative government and from our Conservative MP is escalating. “This cost of living crisis is now a cost of living emergency. It feels absolutely necessary to take this stance to take this action in order to wake up the government and so I'm hopeful that that is achieved. But I feel pretty devastated, to be honest.” In addition to declaring an emergency, he plans on convening a "Cost of Living Emergency Summit" in Eastbourne. The Summit will bring together key stakeholders that are supporting the people of Eastbourne in its current emergency. Mr Babarinde will be inviting the food bank and the Citizens Advice Bureau among other stakeholders to assess their current situation and how to move forward. Reflecting on the crisis, Mr Wardle added: “The problem that we face is that so many of these people sort of accepting that's their lot in life. You know, that girl had sort of accepted ‘I'm going to go home to a cold flat with no electricity, eat cold food tonight and we're going to go to bed early and that's my lot.’ “But no, that isn't what we should be doing in England in 2022. It’s just not acceptable.”