Ferrari's Mattia Binotto and Red Bull's Helmut Marko have clashed over comments about the latter's expenditure on developments so far this season. The two teams are tussling at the front of the F1 grid, but while Ferrari currently have the edge in the drivers' and constructors' standings, Red Bull have flaunted their power in recent races. Charles Leclerc won two of the opening three races of the 2022 season, but Red Bull upgraded the RB18 ahead of the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix. Their boosted race pace has been blatant since, helping Max Verstappen cruise to his second and third victories of the campaign to close the gap on Leclerc and Ferrari. And Binotto has claimed he believes Red Bull have already splashed a significant amount of their annual budget on upgrades to gain an early advantage. Due to cost cap restrictions, limiting teams to around £118.8million ($140m), the Ferrari boss expects their main rivals to halt their expensive tinkering. He said: "[Red Bull] have introduced upgrades, and if I look at the last two races, maybe they've gone a couple of tenths per lap faster than us. It's no doubt that, in order to keep the pace, we need to develop ourselves, including upgrades. I hope, because there is a budget cap, that at some stage, Red Bull will stop developing. Otherwise, I think I will not understand how they can do that." JUST IN: Verstappen dealt huge title blow as Red Bull's spend on car emerges  Red Bull would likely lead the constructors' standings and Verstappen the drivers' if reliability issues hadn't caused three retirements already this year. But Marko, Red Bull's advisor, has fired back at Binotto's suggestions, stressing that the two title contenders are on an 'equal footing' when it comes to modifications to bolster straight-line speed. "Ferrari and we are on an equal footing," Marko responded. "The difference in the future will be who gets the best out of the package on the respective race track. We continue to look forward to the big fight and have full confidence in the FIA to ensure that everything goes according to the rules." READ MORE: Max Verstappen 'irritable' as Red Bull star's dad speaks out  Binotto has explained that Ferrari are planning to bring upgrades to the F1-75 for upcoming race weekends, starting at Barcelona later this month. He added: "In the next races, it will be our turn to try to develop as much as we can by introducing upgrades. "I think it's not a surprise that we may have a package in Barcelona which will be important for us. As usual, I hope that the package that we're introducing works as expected and, in that case, it can be a good boost in order to try to catch up."