The actress has been busy promoting her new autobiography, Out Of The Corner. The title, of course, is a play on the iconic Dirty Dancing line, "Nobody puts Baby in a corner." The book describes her time on the movie in great detail, as well as the turbulent build up. Swayze had previously opened up about their time together and their clash of personalities in his autobiography, The Time of My Life: "She seemed particularly emotional, sometimes bursting into tears if someone criticized her. Other times, she slipped into silly moods, forcing us to do scenes over and over again when she’d start laughing... I didn’t have a whole lot of patience for doing multiple retakes." SCROLL DOWN TO WATCH JENNIFER GREY'S INTERVIEW Just before Dirty dancing was being cast, the pair had starred together in 1984's action flick Red Dawn. Grey's experience on set made her decide she never wanted to work with her co-star again. She told The View: "Patrick was playing pranks on me and everybody, and late, and the boss of everybody. It was just, like, macho, and I just couldn't take it. I was just like, 'Please, this guy, that's enough with him. So when they said, 'What about Patrick for the (Dirty Dancing) movie?'  I said, 'Oh no, no, no.'" Gray also had a not too subtle dig at how her co-star would apparently make sure everyone knew about his background in dance. When Swayze was brought in to screen test with her, he apparently knew he needed to clear the air. Grey said: "He pulled me down the hall and said to me, 'I love you, I love you, and I'm so sorry. And I know you don't want me to do the movie.' "And he got the tears in his eyes. And I got the tears in my eyes – not for the same reason. I was like, 'Oh, this guy's working me.' And he goes, "We could kill it, we could kill it if we did this.' And I was like, 'OK, honey.'" But Grey, and everyone watching, could not deny that the pair had something special together. DON'T MISSGraceland upstairs: Priscilla modified Elvis' bed to avoid injuriesRobert Redford's 'immeasurable grief' in outliving two of his childrenNext James Bond: Henry Cavill wasn't dropped because he was 'too fat' Grey added: ''We go in there and he takes me in his arms and I was like, 'Oh, boy. I'm done. There was no competition. He was, like, the easy chair I'd been dreaming of my whole life.'" The rest was history and their chemistry propelled the movie to extraordinary and undying success. Yet, tensions remained throughout the shoot, even contributing to some of the iconic scenes. In the rehearsal montage to the song Hungry Eyes. Gray's constant giggling "ruined" multiple takes as Swayze's irritation grew. Dirty Dancing producer Linda Gottlieb said:: "They were doing the scene in which they are standing together and he is running his finger down the side of her arm and he did it and she burst out laughing. It tickled her. And Patrick was pi**ed off. It’s one of the best known and best-loved sequences in the film, which really came from the clash in their personalities."