Avon and Somerset Police confirmed they are "investigating a series of suspicious vehicle fires in the Weston-super-Mare area". A total of 14 vehicles have been damaged in what they describe as an "indiscriminate" attack.  Emergency services said the fires "are thought to have been ignited deliberately". Police reported that they discovered eight vehicles on fire between 3.59am and 5.50 am on fire, before attending the scene on the further six vehicles. Police were called to the area by a concerned member of the public, who raised the alarm just after 4am on Wednesday morning. Avon and Somerset Police attended the scene at Wooler Road, close to the centre of the town, after reports of vehicles on fire.  Incidents were then reported to the force on a number of nearby streets. Police are aware of vehicle fires on Gerard Road, Arundell Road, Upper Church Road, Cecil Road and Kewstoke Road. Officers from Avon and Somerset Police are reviewing CCTV footage captured nearby, and going door-to-door for eyewitness statements. The force is also using drone technology to route out the perpetrators. READ MORE: Cabin crew beg passengers not to order Diet Coke on planes  Residents of Kewstoke told the BBC they were woken up in the early hours by the noise of vehicles exploding. According to Somerset Live, Gillian Starchild, a local to the area, wrote on the Kewstoke, Our Village, Our Community page that she "woke to the sound of explosions." She added: "Car on fire in carpark on top road. "Police just said it's the 10th one in the last hour. DON'T MISS: Inflation LIVE: 'Gone back 50 years' BoE made 'serious mistakes' [LIVE] POLL: Should UK follow The Netherlands in making heat pumps mandatory? [VOTE] Man, 20, left without lower half of his body after horror accident [REPORT]  "Another one gone up towards Worle as we were standing watching the fire brigade. We could see the smoke. "Apparently they started in town centre Baker Street and randomly setting cars on fire... absolutely charming! Police said if anyone sees anything to let them know."  A statement from the force read: "We’re investigating a series of suspicious vehicle fires in the Weston-super-Mare area. "Officers were called by a member of the public at just after 4am today (Wednesday 18 May) to attend the Wooler Road area following a report of vehicles on fire. "At this time we’re aware of around 14 vehicles damaged by fire with incidents also reported in Gerard Road, Arundell Road, Upper Church Road, Cecil Road and Kewstoke Road. "Officers have carried out extensive searches of the area and the drone has been deployed to aid in the search for the person, or people, responsible. At this stage we don’t believe the fires are targeted, and appear to have been carried out indiscriminately. "Thankfully there have been no reports of injuries. "Officers will be reviewing CCTV, carrying out house-to-house enquiries and conducting a thorough investigation alongside Avon Fire & Rescue Service. "If you saw anyone acting suspiciously in the affected areas, or have any other information which would help with our investigation, please call us on 101 and give the call handler the reference number 5222117183." 