Incoming Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag could target Leeds ace Raphinha as he plans to sign a left-footed winger if a striker search fails, according to reports. Leeds will play for their Premier League status this weekend and dropping into the Championship could prompt several departures. Raphina is incredibly unlikely to remain with the Yorkshire outfit if they are relegated from the top-flight. The Brazilian has been one of the best performers since his transfer from Rennes in the summer of 2020. Barcelona have been credited with an interest in the winger but Man Utd are also keeping a keen eye on Leeds’ situation. Ten Hag ripped up his Ajax contract early to start working with the Red Devils this week. The Dutchman is known to be keen to replenish his forward line, with Cristiano Ronaldo turning 38 midway through next season. Edinson Cavani is expected to leave when his contract expires at the end of June. JUST IN: Man Utd boss Rangnick confirms he's finally spoken to Ten Hag According to the Daily Telegraph, Ten Hag would prefer to sign a centre forward but, should that plot fail, the 52-year-old will instead target a left-footed right winger. Raphinha would be high on United’s shortlist for that profile of player - although the rivalry between the two clubs could make a deal difficult to complete. The 25-year-old’s prolific form - 10 goals and three assists in 34 Premier League appearances - has defied Leeds’ woes. Boss Jesse Marsch has been unable to arrest the downward spiral that started under popular former coach Marcelo Bielsa. Leeds occupy the final relegation place and will likely need to better Burnley’s result on Sunday to ensure survival. The Whites travel to in-form Brentford while Burnley host a resurgent Newcastle. DON'T MISS...'Feeling' Sir Jim Ratcliffe wants to buy Man Utd from the GlazersMan City urged to back Pep Guardiola and sign Kalvin PhillipsManchester United 'agreed' a swap deal involving Juventus star Dybala Several players would likely leave Leeds if they are relegated to the Championship - just two years after promotion following a gruelling 16-year absence from the top-flight. Raphinha would be one, while the report also claims Tottenham hold a long-term interest in fellow winger Jack Harrison. Marsch has said that he has not yet sat down with any individuals to discuss their futures. The American said on Friday: “I haven’t gone through player-by-player what the consequences will be but I am aware there are always changes from season to season and the best chance to keep the core of the group together is to stay in the league. “A big part of my personal motivation is to continue the relationships I have here. I have really enjoyed working with the group and would hate to see some of the guys go because I have made a real connection with the players here and we’ve really enjoyed our time here. I think there is big potential for what we can become.” Man Utd face a battle of their own on the final day as they are yet to finalise Europa League qualification. West Ham could still pip them to the competition if United fail to beat Crystal Palace.