Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has piled pressure on rivals Tottenham by claiming the Champions League qualification favourites have it all to ‘lose’ on Sunday. Spurs sit in fourth and two points ahead of the Gunners, who need Antonio Conte’s side to lose against Norwich if they are to enter the elite European competition next term. Arteta’s team led the race for fourth place only a few weeks ago. However, disappointing defeats by Spurs and Newcastle have left them hoping for a final-day miracle. Arsenal have not played in the Champions League since 2016 and have failed to qualify for any European competition in the last two campaigns. They need to beat Everton on Sunday to harbour any hope of finishing in the top four. Arteta believes all the pressure is on Spurs ahead of the Premier League’s final day. He said of Spurs’ situation: “We were in that position a few days ago and we lost that opportunity. Now it’s down to them to lose it!” READ MORE: Cristiano Ronaldo 'to miss Man Utd's match with Crystal Palace' The Spaniard was part of the Arsenal team who found themselves in a similar situation to the one Spurs find themselves in. At the end of the 2012-13 season, Arsenal had to beat Newcastle to beat Spurs to fourth place. Arsene Wenger’s side won 1-0 thanks to Laurent Koscielny’s goal. Spurs matched Arsenal’s result at home to Aston Villa. Arteta added: “Probably, I am more optimistic about this Sunday because I lived it and know how it feels. “I know how you feel a few days before when you say, ‘Ok, we are going to Newcastle, they have nothing to play for,’ and the closer you are to the game, you think, ‘Wow, this is going to be a tough match’. DON'T MISS...Arsenal 'have the money for Lewandowski deal' as Chelsea details hitAbraham sets Serie A record after Arsenal tipped to sign Roma starArsenal boss Mikel Arteta can finally put an end to tiring Saliba saga “That day we had four injured players who might not have played. We were pushed to try to be on that pitch. I had to play with some injections and then come off because I could not help anymore. Anything can happen.” Arsenal have the youngest team on average in the Premier League this season. Their inexperience has cost them at times, particularly in those recent defeats that have seen their grasp on the top four slip away. But Arteta has insisted that the club will continue with their policy of using young players. He continued: “They’re not going to be kids for the rest of their lives. Next season, they’ll be more mature. “You have to start somewhere. What we cannot say is we’re going to use academy players and, the moment something goes wrong, not do it. I’m so grateful for what they’ve done and brought to the team. We’re sticking with them because they deserve that.”