Manchester United are planning to make Frenkie de Jong a lucrative wage offer in order to bring the Barcelona star to Old Trafford, according to reports. Erik ten Hag is keen to be reunited with the 25-year-old, with the duo previously working together at Ajax. And money, it seems, is a way of ensuring they land their man. Manchester United want to sign De Jong at a time where Paul Pogba and Nemanja Matic are primed to leave. And, according to The Daily Star, the Red Devils are prepared to make him one of the best-paid players at the club in order to secure his signature. It’s said they’re willing to pay the Netherlands international a huge weekly wage of £395,000. Only Cristiano Ronaldo currently earns more, with the Portugal international taking home £400,000-a-week. De Jong would take home more than David De Gea, who pockets £375,000 every seven days. And it would also put him above Jadon Sancho and Raphael Varane, who earn £350,000-a-week and £340,000-a-week respectively. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings United, in order to ensure they don’t overspend, are aiming to get a massive £80million off their wage bill. As well as Pogba and Matic, Jesse Lingard, Edinson Cavani and Juan Mata are set to leave on free transfers. And they’re willing to negotiate exits for the likes of Anthony Martial, Eric Bailly, Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Dean Henderson and Phil Jones should the right offer arrive. De Jong would be a major signing for United. But he’s often struggled for consistency during his time at Barcelona, blowing hot and cold under Ernesto Valverde, Quique Setien, Ronald Koeman and Xavi. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag United don’t have Champions League football to offer De Jong. However, the Barcelona star has been ‘impressed’ by the Red Devils’ refusal to take ‘no’ for an answer. Whether United are able to land their man this summer remains to be seen. But they’re also being linked with a variety of different midfielders as the start of the summer transfer window creeps closer. Declan Rice remains of interest, though West Ham are adamant their prized asset won’t be allowed to leave the London Stadium. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Kalvin Phillips is on United’s radar, yet he knows he’d risk a huge backlash from Leeds fans if he ends up moving. And while United admire Ruben Neves, Barcelona and Arsenal are also interested in signing the Wolves star. Meanwhile, speaking recently, former Liverpool and Real Madrid ace Steve McManaman opened up on De Jong. And he admitted he thinks a move to United for the Netherlands international could take place. “Manchester United could potentially sign Frenkie de Jong as I don’t think he’s had the greatest time at Barcelona,” he said. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “I know that Barcelona have just got themselves back into the Champions League for next season and they are building something there, but he does have a relationship with Erik ten Hag, so maybe it’s a case of him not feeling the love in Barcelona. “Playing for Barcelona on the rise or Manchester United on the rise is a completely different thing when one’s playing in the Champions League and the other one isn’t. “For him to go to Manchester United then I think they’d have to pay him more than he’s earning at Barcelona, which I think will be a really hard thing to do considering that he went to Barcelona for a huge amount of money. “You’d rather stay at Barcelona in the Champions League with Xavi trying to change things around. “Players like [Andreas] Christensen and [Robert] Lewandowski potentially coming in makes that a more exciting challenge in my opinion.”