James Corden has branded Prince Harry a "devoted father and husband", revealing that their children have played together. The Gavin and Stacey star, 43, shares three children with his wife Julia Carey, Carey, Max and Charlotte, while Harry and Meghan are parents to Lilibet, 11 months and Archie, three. In a new interview, the host of The Late, Late Show told how he and his wife had been for dinner with the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. It comes as the comedian and his family live only 90 minutes away from Harry and Meghan's home in Montecito. When asked whether he had visited the couple's £11million home, the funnyman confirmed that he had. James said: "It was more a sort of play date scenario [with the kids]. Then we went out for dinner after, it was lovely.' READ MORE: Dennis Waterman's cause of death given after secret two-year battle The flame-haired royal previously appeared as a guest on James' TV show following his move to the States with Meghan. James also told how he is better acquainted with Harry than Meghan after spending more time with him. He added: "I have a huge amount of respect and admiration for Harry, and anyone who has been around him and spent time with him would feel exactly the same way. “I think he is a devoted and loving husband and father and I think what they have done [in turning away from royal life] is incredibly brave and I’ll always be in their corner." The star continued: "I have nothing but admiration and respect for them. "I think it’s impossible to judge any of it really," he told The Sun. James' comments come after he confirmed that he is quitting his CBS chat show next year. The comedian explained part of his decision was in a bid to explore other avenues and take on new adventures. DON'T MISS... Amanda Owen addresses 'stressful time' at Ravenseat after power cut [INSIGHT]Adele confirms she's moved in to $58 million pad with beau Rich Paul [ANALYSIS]Kevin Clifton admits he's at 'war' girlfriend Stacey Dooley over shows [UPDATE] Speaking on the show, he said while tearing up: "Seven and half years ago I started hosting this show and there's no other way to put it, it has changed my life. "I never saw it as my final destination, and I never want this show to overstay its welcome, I love making it and I really think in a year from now that will be a good time to move on and see what's out there." He added: "We are all determined to make this the best year we have ever had...we are going to go out with a bang. The fact that you watch this...all over the world...is an absolute privilege for me and every single person who makes this show." CBS president George Cheeks said in a statement: "We wish he could stay longer, but we are very proud he made CBS his American home and that this partnership will extend one more season on The Late Late Show." The decision comes after it was reported James and his family plan to move back to the UK. James told Deadline it's been a difficult decision to quit CBS after enjoying such huge success. "It's been it's a really hard decision to leave because I'm so immensely proud of the show. I'm thrilled to be extending [for a year]," he said.