Some 200 local authorities in Britain are holding elections on May 5, in what many are seeing as the first vote of confidence in Boris Johnson's leadership since partygate and the cost of living crisis. Every council seat in Scotland, Wales and London is up for grabs and there are polls across much of the rest of England. But of the thousands of seats being contested, 27 could be key to who holds power in the UK on a local scale by the time this week is out. Many suggest partygate is having a say in how they will vote, with Labour leader Keir Starmer going hard after the Prime Minister following Mr Johnson's fixed penalty notice for attending one of the Downing Street parties/ But in Nuneaton and Bedworth, council leader Kris Wilson said partygate had been mentioned as a turnoff by just two voters. Instead, on the ground it's issues such as rising living costs that really matter. Conservative peer and polling expert Lord Hayward told Sky News "the contest there is partygate versus low council tax". He added a switch to Labour would have implications nationwide for both main parties, saying: "The loss of Wandsworth will impact the morale of the defeated party well beyond the boundaries of London and will have implications for the leadership of either party". READ MORE: Have Your Say: Will Scotland be independent by 2023? But with the polls showing Labour is still steaming well ahead of their Tory rivals, what's really going on? Last week, a YouGov poll gave Labour 50 percent of the vote - a staggering 27-point lead over the Conservatives on 23 percent. Under Boris Johnson’s leadership the Conservative Party have been able to wrestle control away from many of Sir Keir Starmer Labour Party’s so-called “red wall” strongholds, particularly in the north of England.    That trend could be due to continue in some local councils, with Sunderland City Council among those at risk of falling into Tory hands. Bolton provides another interesting battleground where Labour will be hoping to regain control, having lost overall power in 2019. At present, the council there is led by a Tory minority administration but this, like many other authorities, could change due to recent events that have harmed electoral support for the Tories. Elsewhere, Labour will be hoping to swell their support in the south of England with Southampton and Worthing among the areas being targeted.    In contrast, the Liberal Democrats have set their sights on gradually rebuilding their own political capital in all of Gosport, Hull and the recently formed council in Somerset. The results from these elections are likely to provide analysts with the first indicators of how 2024’s General Election could potentially shape up. Looking at the picture for London one of the more ambitious targets set by Labour is to overthrow the Tories from their political stronghold in Westminster. Though it’s never been held by any party other than the Tories there are concerns the ongoing “partygate” scandal could lead to a changing of the guard. A tight contest is also expected in the borough of Wandsworth where despite currently holding control the Tories secured fewer overall votes than Labour in the previous election.    Meanwhile, north of the border the Scottish National Party (SNP) are expected to make significant gains and could even achieve one of the most dominant election results in Scottish history if the polls are to be believed. In particular, Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon will be hoping her party can grow their advantage and land overall control of Edinburgh and Aberdeenshire. They are poised to face competition from the Scottish Tories and Labour but surveys suggest they are on course to reiterate their popular support in Scotland.    Three key voting battlegrounds are in position for Welsh voters and include Flintshire, Blaenau Gwent and Cardiff. Residents aged 16 and over can vote in the Welsh local elections and it’s this younger demographic Labour will be looking to gain support from to help their cause in Wales. 