Manchester United have reportedly set a price tag of around £10million for Cristiano Ronaldo. And though the veteran is approaching the twilight years of his career at the age of 37, that’s certainly far too low when you consider what an asset he is on the pitch - as well as off it. Real Madrid are keen on re-signing the Portugal international this summer, at a time where Erik ten Hag is poised to take over at Old Trafford. Ronaldo moved back to United for around £17m back in the summer. Many had expected the Portugal international to do the unthinkable and join Manchester City, with Pep Guardiola keen on snapping him up after missing out on Harry Kane. Yet Ronaldo, after talking with the likes of Sir Alex Ferguson, Patrice Evra, Bruno Fernandes and Rio Ferdinand, then decided to return to Old Trafford instead. While it’s been a horrific campaign for the Red Devils, the Portugal international has continued to deliver with unnerving consistency. He’s scored 23 goals across all competitions this season, just three short of the tally he amassed for the club in the 2008/2009 season. Yet despite continuing to produce the goods, his future is up in the air. The Mirror have said any deal to take Ronaldo away from United would have to be in the region of £10m, with Real Madrid open to taking him back. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings While Los Blancos have Karim Benzema shining at the tip of their attack, they know Ronaldo would guarantee goals. He bagged 450 during his glittering nine-year spell at the Bernabeu between 2009 and 2018, propelling the La Liga giants to four Champions League crowns along the way. And Real, even though Kylian Mbappe is their priority, are open to snapping up Ronaldo as well. But while he’s not the player he was many years ago, there’s no denying he’s still one of the best finishers in world football. And £10m seems far too low for a player who is brilliant on the field - and a financial goldmine off it. This season, only Mohamed Salah has scored more goals in the Premier League. Ronaldo’s tally of 17 is the same amount as Tottenham’s Son Heung-Min, who has stepped up several gears since the appointment of Antonio Conte. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag But the United star has also outscored Sadio Mane, Harry Kane, and Diogo Jota - despite playing in less matches than the trio. Given the Red Devils don’t have another striker who compares to Ronaldo, it makes the £10m price tag even more wrong. His 23 goals across all competitions is more than double that of Bruno Fernandes, who has scored nine. Mason Greenwood, Marcus Rashford, Edinson Cavani and Anthony Martial have netted a combined 14 between them. So it would make no sense to jettison Ronaldo because, even if United land a new marksman as expected, there’s no guarantee they’ll be able to produce right away. Then, there’s Ronaldo’s impact behind closed doors. Though Ten Hag wants to build the team in his own image, with youth and speed at the forefront of things, United lack leadership. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Harry Maguire isn’t good enough to be skipper, while Fernandes spends too much time berating team-mates rather than offering anything constructive. Yet Ronaldo, as somebody who has been there and done that, can be a positive influence behind the scenes. That leadership is key to a United team who are still looking for a way to reel in the likes of Manchester City and Liverpool. And Ronaldo is also a goldmine when it comes to making money off the field as well. When the veteran returned to United back in the summer, his jersey became the fastest-selling shirt in Premier League history. The kits, designed by Adidas, made a staggering £187.1m. Online searches for the Ronaldo jersey increased by 600 per cent compared to the year before. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And, in August, it was reported that a quarter of official kit merchandisers were sold out or close to selling out of United shirts. Given the Glazers make plenty of money from United, Ronaldo is a big asset in that regard. And that’s why his price tag of £10m is so low. Not only is he still one of the best finishers in world football, he’s also a leader and somebody who makes the club a considerable amount of cash. Letting him go, for such a low amount, would be yet another bad decision from the powerbrokers at Old Trafford. How he performs alongside Ten Hag, though, or whether he even gets a chance to ultimately remains to be seen.