Emma Raducanu has discovered her Italian Open fate, which could include a mouth-watering clash with Naomi Osaka if she makes it to the second round. The British tennis star will be keen to put together another strong run after battling to the Madrid Open round of 16 last time out. The Italian Ppen is set to get underway on Tuesday as players gear up for the pinnacle of the clay-court season at Roland Garros. Raducanu has performed well in her first few senior matches on clay, battling to the quarter-finals in Stuttgart before losing to world No 1 Iga Swiatek and going on a healthy run in Madrid. Straight sets victories over Tereza Martincova and Marta Kostyuk will instil confidence as she ventures towards the French Open, despite the three-set defeat against Anhelina Kalinina in the last 16. In Rome, she will kick off her campaign against Bianca Andreescu before a potential second-round clash with Osaka. DON'T MISS: Rafael Nadal names why 'new potential rivalry' with Carlos Alcaraz won't happen  The Japanese star has four Grand Slam titles to Raducanu's one, but was well-beaten in Madrid by Sara Sorribes Tormo. She has a chance for vengeance in Rome, however, and will have to topple Sorribes Tormo to have a chance at setting up her first ever clash with the Brit. Osaka cited an achilles injury after her Madrid Open defeat, and it remains to be seen whether that will be a factor again in Italy. "I've had this injury a few times in the past, I remember it happened two years ago in Miami, but I honestly don't think it's a very serious problem," she added.  The men's side of the draw has also thrown up some interesting ties. If the early rounds go according to form, teenage sensation Carlos Alcaraz will meet Alexander Zverev in the quarter-finals, while Novak Djokovic is projected to meet Felix Auger-Aliassime at the same stage. Rafael Nadal, who was beaten by Alacaraz in Madrid on Friday, could meet Norwegian Casper Ruud. But many British eyes will be on Raducanu, who faces a tough assignment before she can even think about facing Osaka. Andreescu won the US Open title in 2019 and, despite still being just 21-years-old, has reached as high as fourth in the world rankings. Raducanu has chosen to stay positive about her outlook for the season despite injury trouble plaguing her again in Madrid.  "I would have given myself a five percent chance of winning that match [against Kalinina], and for it to almost happen, I think that was a positive thing," she said. "I was kind of struggling a bit with my back, to be honest. Throughout the week I have been carrying some niggles, and it's kind of just taking its toll, all of the matches at this kind of level. "I think that's a good thing that I feel like I'm going through this and my body is building with each match I play. I'm feeling pretty positive. A lot of the time with me it's just overload and then three days', two, three days' complete rest and I'm okay to start training again." 