North Korea is bracing for a health crisis after the country announced its “first” case of COVID-19. For two and a half years, Pyongyang has maintained that Covid had not reached its shores, despite the virus reaching even the most far-flung corners of the planet. Now, the authorities are not only acknowledging the virus' presence but declaring an all-out battle to control it, with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un calling it the "greatest turmoil" to fall on the nation since its founding. He said: “The spread of the malignant epidemic is a great turmoil to fall on our country since the founding. “But if we don’t lose focus in implementing epidemic policy and maintain strong organisation power … we can more than overcome the crisis.” Despite the stunning admission by Pyongyang, experts fear the real number of cases could be far higher. The impending crisis in North Korea could also concern the Supreme Leader on a personal level given reports in recent years about his health. In February, North Korean state television claimed that Kim Jong-un's body “completely withered away” as he “suffered” on behalf of his people during chronic food shortages. The secretive dictator's health has been watched closely by experts over his 10-year premiership. The North Korean leader is known for his alleged indulgence in alcohol and cigarettes, while his family has a history of diabetes and heart disease. His visible weight loss over a matter of weeks in the early summer of 2021 prompted feverish speculation as to the future of his regime, with North Korea watchers and foreign intelligence agencies rushing to assess the state of Kim’s health. Colin Zwirko, a senior analyst at NK Pro, a Seoul-based information service, told the Financial Times: "The region’s security depends to a large extent on the state of the North Korean leadership, and the state of the North Korean leadership depends to a large extent on Kim Jong Un’s health. That’s why it matters so much.” READ MORE: North Korea orders nationwide lockdown after FIRST Covid case  The claims by North Korea regarding Kim's health came in a documentary, which also featured scenes of the dictator watching the sunrise over a beach from atop a white horse, images of tanks conducting firing drills, and references to Kim’s dramatic weight loss. The narrator in the propaganda film said: “[Kim] showed us his fatherly side by doggedly braving snow, rain and wind while taking on the fate of the nation and people like his own children,” a narrator said, implying that Kim’s weight loss had been a result of his hard work. “His body completely withered away, and he showed his motherly side by greatly suffering and worrying to realise the dreams of the people.” Mr Zwirko added that “we don’t know if Kim is sick — or if he is sick, what might come after him. All we do know is that he is not the reformer that many hoped he would be when he assumed power a decade ago.” DON'T MISS How Putin is leading Russia into becoming the 'next North Korea' Is North Korea planning an attack on South Korea? Kim Jong-un's sister threatens South Korea Peter Ward, a Seoul-based North Korea expert at the University of Vienna, also explained how North Korean propaganda works. Contrary to what many might think, he said the country's leaders don't hide issues going on in the country, but do hide the fact that other countries have a far better way of life. He said: “Internal North Korean propaganda tends not to hide the country’s own problems,” said Peter Ward, a Seoul-based North Korea expert at the University of Vienna. “Rather, it hides the fact that people are living so much better elsewhere, whether that is in any of North Korea’s neighbours or indeed in North Korea itself.” The secretive dictator's health has been watched closely by experts over his 10-year premiership. The North Korean leader is known for his alleged indulgence in alcohol and cigarettes, while his family has a history of diabetes and heart disease. His visible weight loss over a matter of weeks in the early summer of 2021 prompted feverish speculation as to the future of his regime, with North Korea watchers and foreign intelligence agencies rushing to assess the state of Kim’s health. Colin Zwirko, a senior analyst at NK Pro, a Seoul-based information service, told the Financial Times: "The region’s security depends to a large extent on the state of the North Korean leadership, and the state of the North Korean leadership depends to a large extent on Kim Jong Un’s health. That’s why it matters so much.”