Frenkie de Jong has reportedly not ruled out a move to Manchester United, with Barcelona shopping him around clubs. The La Liga giants are preparing for a major squad overhaul this summer, but need to bring in money to fund the signings that boss Xavi wants to make. De Jong has become United's top target in midfield with Erik ten Hag keen to link back up with the Dutchman. The duo enjoyed a successful time together at Ajax and ESPN report that the Red Devils, who Ten Hag recently took charge of, are ready to 'test Barcelona's resolve'. It is stated that United believe that Barca will have to sell De Jong this summer to fund their business. That is a situation that United want to take advantage of, given their need to overhaul their midfield department. With that in mind, it is stated that Barcelona have already begun to find 'potential suitors' for the 25-year-old. Paris Saint-Germain and Bayern Munich have both asked to be 'kept informed' of developments but United's interest is described as being the 'strongest'. READ MORE: Man Utd 'call meeting' with Ten Hag after holding talks for Torres The biggest obstacle to United completing a deal for the Dutchman is the midfielder's own view of moving to Old Trafford. It's stated that while he has not 'completely ruled out' joining the Red Devils, he will 'have to be convinced'. United's failure to qualify for next season's Champions League is providing the most doubt for De Jong. Handing a boost to United though is the news that Manchester City are now 'distancing themselves' from pursuing De Jong, with Leeds star Kalvin Phillips their top target instead. DON'T MISS: Barcelona ‘open to two De Jong swap deals’ but not with Man Utd (NEWS)Manchester United transfer target Frenkie de Jong drops hint on future (TRANSFERS)Barcelona star De Jong ‘gave away farewell gifts’ as Man Utd eye deal (INSIGHT) It would appear that Barca are already preparing for De Jong to leave this summer, with a search for a replacement underway. But before they can bring anyone in, they must sanction a sale, which could also prove difficult. The report states that Barca are seeking a transfer fee in the region of £75million, having paid £64m for him three years ago. That price is 'unlikely' to be met by United, who will seek a lower fee for the midfielder, though that is something they believe Barca will be receptive to. Pick up tomorrow's Daily Express and get a FREE £2 Shop Bet with William Hill which can be used on the Champions League Final! 18+. Terms apply. See tomorrow's paper for your voucher.