Adele’s fans have been left less than impressed over the singer’s delay in providing an update on her cancelled Las Vegas residency shows. The Rolling In The Deep hitmaker sparked outrage earlier this year after she cancelled her Caesar's Palace gigs giving just 24 hours' notice. Now, fans have hit out at the pop star for failing to provide an update for ticketholders for the past four months. Some have taken to Twitter to express their outrage and called for refunds. Visionofbliss wrote: “I've decided I'm requesting my refund from the Adele Vegas show. “It's been 4 months and we haven't received any official word on new dates. The way these flight prices are currently, it's no longer worth it to me.” Im_MoodyDuff said: “Speaking of favs, Adele had the whole world going crazy over those tickets to her Vegas residency just to ‘postpone’ & she still hasn’t announced new dates. “That’s insane to me. The show was set to start in Jan. “I’d be irate if Ashley & I were actually able to get those tickets.” (sic) Gracemgioia tweeted: “@Adele are you ever going to reschedule your Vegas Residency? “You have a serious amount of money for tickets that you haven’t provided any communication on next steps. “I’ve been waiting years to see you but seriously considering refunding the tickets. The worst fan experience.” Bombchurro enquired: “Hey sis @Adele @AdeleAccess what’s up with the Vegas residency?? Y’all keeping my money or what.” (sic) In January, a teary Adele took to Instagram to announce she was postponing all her dates at Caesars Palace Colosseum. DON'T MISS:Rebekah Vardy's future 'in tatters' after ‘complete disaster’ trial [NEWS]'Was cast out' Dan Walker says he was branded 'security risk' [UPDATE]Jada Pinkett Smith fights back tears - 'Terrified little girl' [INSIGHT] Adele explained that "half the team" had been struck down with Covid, leaving little time to get everything ready for the performance. The Set Fire To The Rain singer sobbed as she recorded herself apologising to fans for the late notice as she vowed to reschedule the dates. She said: "I'm so sorry, but my show ain't ready. I'm so upset and I'm really embarrassed. "We've tried absolutely everything that we can to pull it together in time. We've been absolutely destroyed by delivery delays and Covid. “Half my team are down with Covid, they still are. It's been impossible to finish the show. "I can't give you what I have right now and I'm gutted. I'm sorry it's so last minute." She added: “We've been awake for over 30 hours now trying to figure it out and we've run out of time. I'm so upset and I'm really embarrassed and I'm so sorry to everyone that's travelled again. "I'm really, really sorry. We're on it, we're going to reschedule all of the dates.” Express.co.uk has contacted Adele's representatives for comment.