Johnny Depp’s lawyer, Camille Vasquez, has shut down questioning when asked to respond to rumours about whether or not she and the actor are currently dating. The lawyer refused to address the claims when she was leaving court on Tuesday. As the legal professional was leaving Virginia’s Fairfax County Courthouse after a day of cross-examining the actor’s ex-wife Amber Heard, reporters then quizzed Camille about internet rumours that the two are dating. The defamation trial brought by the actor against his ex-wife Amber Heard resumed on Monday, as Camille probed the actress, 36, on Monday and Tuesday. In a video obtained by TMZ, Camille was asked: “The people want to know, are you dating Johnny Depp?” The lawyer was then seen grinning as she clutched a bottle of water and walked away from the court. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman praised after rescuing stranded hiker on mountain "It's all over the internet, can you set the record straight? Yes or no," the off-camera voice added. Camille then refused to give any verbal answer to the questions and made her way to a waiting car to interact with fans of her client. Various people on social media have speculated about the connection that the pair appear to have. Some have also suggested that they may be enjoying a romantic relationship. Neither Johnny nor Camille have acknowledged the rumours, and sources close to the lawyer have said the rumours are unfounded. The insider told the media outlet that the entire legal team are friends with Johnny. They said the relationships morph from professional to personal and they are genuinely friendly. The site also reported that Camille finds the Pirates of the Caribbean actor amusing, but there is nothing romantic going on. DON'T MISS...Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker steal Met Gala spotlight [PICS]Brooklyn Beckham shirtless as Nicola Peltz dares to bare at Met Gala [LATEST]Anne Hegerty reacts to Mark Labbett's The Chase replacement [INSIGHT] The US outlet also claimed that she was dating a Brit who worked in property. Camille is a graduate of Southwestern Law School in the class of 2010. She graduated from Southern California in 2006. The lawyer is a part of Johnny’s legal team, while he sues Amber for alleged defamation over an opinion piece she wrote for The Washington Post in 2018. Johnny’s name was not mentioned directly, but the A-lister has argued he lost work due to the allegation. The Aquaman actress is suing her ex-husband for $100 million. Johnny and Amber struck up a romance in 2011, after they met on set of The Rum Diary. They married in a civil ceremony in February 2015.