Manchester United are interested in signing both Darwin Nunez and N’Golo Kante in this summer’s transfer window. The Benfica and Chelsea players are both admired by Erik ten Hag. So Express Sport will now take a look at how the Red Devils would line up if they’re able to bring the pair to Old Trafford this summer. David De Gea went into the season under pressure from Dean Henderson, having fallen down Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s pecking order at times last season. But, fast-forward to now, and it’s fair to say the Spain international is back to his best. De Gea is set to be retrained by Ten Hag, having struggled to play out from the back in the past. Yet he certainly won’t be going anywhere anytime soon. De Gea is primed to stay at United and could even become captain if Harry Maguire is stripped of the armband come the start of next season. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings It could be a summer of change for United at the back. They conceded an unacceptable 57 goals last season, with Leicester the only team in the top half of the table to ship more. And United, at the current moment in time, are eyeing both Jurrien Timber and Pau Torres. Timber, despite being a centre-back by trade, could be deployed at right-back amid an expectancy Aaron Wan-Bissaka will leave. And Torres may be used alongside Raphael Varane, which would add to the uncertainty surrounding Maguire’s future. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag What a midfield this would be. United are interested in signing Kante, with Chelsea open to selling the France international for a reduced price due to the fact his contract is due to expire next year. And Frenkie de Jong could arrive at Old Trafford as well. Ten Hag is eager to secure the signature of the Barcelona star, who he previously managed at Ajax. De Jong and Kante would be upgrades on Scott McTominay and Fred. Furthermore, the duo would also offer defensive protection so Bruno Fernandes can maximise his attacking output. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Nunez has played through the middle of Benfica most of the time. But he can also operate as a wide-forward and, therefore, goes into this team on the left. Down the middle, Cristiano Ronaldo is still expected to play in the majority of United’s matches next season. That’s despite the fact the 37-year-old is approaching the twilight moments of his career. And, on the right, Ten Hag could unleash Jadon Sancho there - even if the former Borussia Dortmund star was mostly used on the opposite flank by Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Speaking recently, meanwhile, United chief Richard Arnold urged fans to be patient with Ten Hag. "Suffice to say, we are not happy with where we are in terms of performance on the pitch,” he said. "We are taking decisive action to improve things and there is huge commitment and passion across the club to return to where we think we belong – challenging for, and winning, titles. "We feel confidence that change is coming because of the action being taken to drive long-term success. "The appointment of Erik ten Hag was the most visible example of that action, and the most important. "We're pleased to have got that done early and we can't wait for Erik to get started. Success won't be achieved overnight but we are determined to get there, and we will be relentless in our efforts to achieve it. "I would very much hope that all fans within Old Trafford approach next season with renewed optimism and confidence as we look forward to a fresh start under Erik ten Hag."