Tottenham boss Antonio Conte could target Aston Villa star John McGinn after making permanent the signings of Cristian Romero and Dejan Kulusevski, according to reports. Spurs are putting plans in place to inject quality into their squad as they prepare for next season’s Champions League campaign. The north Londoners are all but set to qualify for the Champions League on the final weekend of the Premier League season. They lead rivals Arsenal by two points and face already-relegated Norwich on Sunday. That has allowed Conte to begin preparing for the summer. The Italian is keen to spend heavily on new signings in a bid to ensure Spurs remain among the Champions League contenders. Defender Romero and versatile attacker Kulusevski are expected to have their loan deals made permanent in the coming weeks. Both players have been key to Spurs’ monumental upturn in form post-Christmas, with Romero important in the three-man defence, while Kulusevski has contributed to 11 goals. JUST IN: Man Utd teased by Teddy Sheringham with transfer belief on Harry Kane And Conte will draw up a shortlist of potential arrivals which could include Villa midfielder McGinn, according to the Independent. Conte is believed to want a new midfielder this summer to give him better options in the middle of the park. January addition Rodrigo Bentancur and Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg have formed an excellent midfield relationship but Spurs are otherwise quite light in the position. Harry Winks has found minutes hard to come by and has been linked with a departure. Wink’s potential exit would leave just Oliver Skipp for Conte to use if he wants to refresh his midfield. Scotland international McGinn would be seen as a reliable, all-action option who fits Conte’s style. DON'T MISS...Tottenham target Paulo Dybala 'asking about living in London'Tottenham target welcomes interest but Chelsea also keen - 'I'm glad'Arsenal meltdown put down to five reasons as Gunners compared to Spurs The 27-year-old has previously been linked with moves away from Villa Park. Manchester United and Liverpool were previously credited with an interest in the former Hibernian ace. McGinn’s dynamic displays in Villa’s midfield have earned him plenty of plaudits and boss Steven Gerrard is keen to keep him. Asked about a possible departure in March, the Liverpool icon said: “There’s not many better people than John McGinn. I’ve been in the game an awfully long time and he is a really infectious character who is great for the group, on and off the pitch. “John is the glue to everything that’s good at Aston Villa. One hundred percent, he is very important for me, for the staff, for his team-mates and the club. The club have been good for John - and he has paid them back with consistent performances throughout. We are hoping to keep trying to improve him in all departments.”