Its gloomy prognostications came as interest rates hit the highest level for 13 years, deepening the sense that a storm is coming which will test the nerves of the nation. We must resist any instinct to panic. The key to the country’s success is continued confidence and a resolve to keep investing in technology, in people and in ideas. We are ideally positioned to design, manufacture and market products and services which will shape the future. During the pandemic we rediscovered the pleasures and importance of neighbours. If hard times are ahead for some households, we should all do everything we can to support them through tough days. Retailers also have a vital role to play in ensuring we can buy goods at the best possible price. The days of rip-off Britain must be banished. We should be alert to every risk and threat stalking the global economy but we should not lose faith in the fundamental strengths of this nation, especially as new trade deals are forged and we can take advantage of post-Brexit freedoms. For Britain, the best is yet to come. ------------------------------------------ Boris’s push for Britain Every Prime Minister has to deal with grumbling in party ranks but it is highly unlikely that Boris Johnson will be ousted in the wake of the mid-term council elections. It would be staggeringly bad timing for his foes to try to unseat him at a time when Britain is playing such a critical role supporting Ukraine’s fightback against the Russian invasion, and when our own country confronts a cost of living crisis. Mr Johnson rises to challenges with energy and originality of thought rarely seen in UK politics. We hope the Queen’s Speech will showcase exciting policies that will tackle the nation’s greatest problems and that the whole party and the Civil Service will unite to change Britain for good. ------------------------------------------ Icons of a different era Today's young people have instant access to more information than any previous generation but many have not heard of towering cultural figures such as Nelson Mandela, Marilyn Monroe, Muhammad Ali and Marlon Brando. It is alarming that researchers found 55 percent of people aged 18 to 30 had no idea who Mandela was or what he had achieved. Eight out of 10 were ignorant about Virginia Woolf, and Fred Astaire was a mystery to 73 per cent. Rather than despair that giants of civilisation have been forgotten, we should encourage younger friends and relatives to get Googling and discover those who will enrich their lives.