Prince Charles and his wife Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall embarked on a three-day Canadian royal tour last week. During his trip, Charles took part in a 1,000-year-old traditional Dene Dum Dance in Yellowknife. Speaking on Sky News, Mr Jobson laughed and claimed that Prince Charles' dancing looked like he was "doing the Full Monty". Sky News's Kay Burley said to Mr Jobson: "You mentioned that Charles and Camilla there, and [we're] reading that they are going to be in an episode of EastEnders next month". Mr Jobson laughed and said: "Well, not starring, I'm sure it'll be a cameo role. "The Queen, and obviously, all of the Royal Family do these visits. "Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall have been to the set of EastEnders quite recently and I think it was seen as a royal visit to the old EastEnders. The royal expert said the potential cameo "would be quite fun I think'. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry send California crowd wild as Duchess kisses Duke at charity polo match Mr Jobson then discussed clips that have emerged of the heir to the throne dancing during the Canada trip, adding that "he looks like he was doing the Full Monty to be honest. "I am not quite sure what he's doing". Ms Burley adds: "Didn't he do that when they went queuing up at the job centre. "I am sure I remember him standing in the line there when he went along". READ MORE: Queen cuts major role from Trooping the Colour to save Prince Andrew from embarrassment The itinerary for the short tour included stops in Newfoundland and Labrador, the National Capital Region, and the Northwest Territories. The three-day tour focused on Indigenous reconciliation and climate change and was shorter than usual royal tours. Speaking on GB News last week, Mr Rafe Heydel-Mankoo said: "This is a very limited trip, this is only three days. "This is the shortest trip, this and the last one under the Trudeau Government, that we've ever seen before". DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry set to 'do their own thing' at Jubilee [INSIGHT]Prince Andrew broke Philip's memorial plans by escorting Queen [ANALYSIS]Kate and William take 'step away from Queen's style' [VIDEO] Mr Heydel-Manko said the short visit is a "case of the current liberal government in Canada not being very keen on the monarchy". Charles visited Canada for the first time in 1970 and the recent trip was his 19th trip to the country. The recent trip was Camilla's fifth visit to Canada.