Lewis Hamilton rocked up to his press conference wearing three watches and a host of other bling as he spoke out on the FIA's ‘unnecessary’ jewellery ban.  The seven-time champion was asked whether he believes the FIA were singling him out after the officials aim to crack down on jewellery offenders. He said: “I couldn't get anymore jewellery on today. I don't really have a lot more to add than last time when I spoke about it. I feel like it's almost like a step backwards. If you think about the steps we are taking as a sport. All the more important issues and causes we need to be focussed on." He added: “It's a small thing. I've been in the sport for 16 years… in the car I only have my earrings on and my nose ring, of which I can’t really remove. “It seems unnecessary for us to get into this spat. I’ll try and communicate and work with Mohammed. I'm here to be an ally of the sport, of Mohammed and Formula 1." READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton threatens to skip Miami GP as FIA row takes major twist  Hamilton was responding to FIA bosses outlining strict new jewellery guidelines for race weekends. The new rules will mean jewellery checks are part of the weekend’s scrutineering documentation. The teams must declare their drivers do not wear jewellery and that the underwear meets FIA fire-proof guidelines. As the rule is now part of the technical regulations, it means drivers could get punished if they fail to follow the guidelines. It is likely drivers would only receive fines for wearing jewellery but grid penalties could be an option. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton has F1 'interest' examined by former Mercedes chief [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton told of 14-driver queue for his Mercedes seat by Button [ANALYSIS]Max Verstappen's blunt threat of ban amid Hamilton saga [COMMENT] Officials had clamped down on the rules at the Australian Grand Prix but Hamilton defied the rules.  In Melbourne, Sky Sports Ted Kravitz warned the rule appeared to be specifically targeting the seven-time champion. He said: “We checked with Mick Schumacher who wears, when he’s not in the car, a metal chain necklace and he says he doesn’t wear it in the car, so it isn’t him. So it did seem to be on the face of it, a measure, or wanting to enforce a rule specifically targeted at Lewis Hamilton who of course has ear piercings and a nose piercing.” 