Strictly Come Dancing power couple Giovanni Pernice and Rose Ayling-Ellis impressed fans a second time as they scooped the Must See Moment BAFTA TV Award for their breathtaking performance on the BBC dance show. The Glitterball trophy winners stunned audience members last year when they performed their poignant and silent dance to Symphony. Their hard work was rewarded at the weekend when they won the coveted award at the prestigious ceremony.   Rose, 27, made history as the first deaf contestant to compete in and win the show, and along with dance partner Giovanni, 31, the pair have been championing deafness in the arts. After coming "second" in the talent contest many times, Giovanni was delighted to win and divulged that he plans to storm the dance floor again in the next season. He said: "Quitting is not in my DNA. "I'm Italian and very competitive. Bring on the next challenge." Read More: Lorraine staggered by Andrew's 'fat cow' comment to ex Sarah Ferguson 'Can't believe it' Speaking to the press, including Express.co.uk, at the event, the star mentioned how he hoped his trophy-sharer would come and cheer him on in future outings. He added: "She'll be there. She'll be there supporting." Joking that Rose would actually be the one criticising him and his new partner, she chimed in: "I wouldn't be jealous at all. Look at what we achieved." Looking back on their journey together and how they helped shine a light on deafness and how it is not "spoken about enough" the duo were excited to hopefully inspire future dancers.  Giovanni described: "This has changed people's lives. The power of dance changes people's lives. It has made me proud. "Working with Rose for 15 weeks made me realise we should all make an effort to be more inclusive. "It's my privilege. This is just a trophy, but I'm privileged for what I have learnt from Rose." Showcase sign language in "week four" saw an increase in online search for sign language by "4,000 percent". DON’T MISS…Doctor Who writer details real reason Ncuti Gatwa landed Time Lord role [LATEST]Selling Sunset’s Emma Hernan confirms rekindled romance with Christine ex 'Double-dipped' [LATEST]Anne Hegerty replacement speaks out on 'terrifying' Beat the Chasers stint  [LATEST]   Remaining tight-lipped on what may be in store for the next season, he did describe how it would be "strange" to be paired with another celebrity. The dancer added: "It will be bit a strange to dance with somebody else next year. "This journey has been phenomenal. It's one of those relationships and partnerships you get once in a lifetime. "We achieved so much this year. It is beyond incredible, and it is beyond winning the show."  