The Eurovision Song Contest began on Saturday night and will see 25 countries competing against each other. TikTok star Sam Ryder will be representing the UK in the 2022 competition with his song Space Man. Ahead of the grand finale, the bookmakers have been predicting who could win the 2022 contest - and the UK could come out on top. However, just minutes into the show, angry viewers took to social media calling for the contest to stop entries from singing ballads. Portugal was the first entry to take to the stage to sing a ballad, followed by Switzerland. Shayane Lacey wrote: "I’m afraid that it doesn’t matter how talented or moving a ballad is, I’m just not here for them. My brain wants glitter! backup dancers! a random beat drop! at least one outfit change!" (sic) Cameron Eyles tweeted: "Should be some sort of ballad ban at #Eurovision - here for a good time not a sad one. Romania (and Graham Norton obviously) highlight for me." READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Dan Spencer killed off as Cain Dingle takes reven... While user @DocPhoenix fumer: "Ban ballads and everyone who votes for them tbh #Eurovision." "Goodness gracious, it’s 2022 and we’re still allowing ballads at #Eurovision ?? BAN FOR LIFE STAT," Andrada raged. While Madeleine said: "I said it last year and I'll say it again: ban boring ballads from Eurovision." Fan Hannah Jones went on say: "Petition to ban ballads from #Eurovision."  Ukraine is currently the frontrunner to win the competition with their entry Stefania. However, the UK's entry is close behind them with odds of 6/1. This makes the Space Man singer joint second-favourites with the host Italy. However, the Ukrainian entry remains the frontrunner with odds of 8/13. DON'T MISS...Matt Tebbutt hits out after being snubbed on BBC [INSIGHT]Virgin River season 4: Preacher set for new romance as wife joins cast [CAST]Escape to the Chateau’s Dick and Angel clashed on family decision [VIDEO] Discussing the latest odds, Alex Apati of Ladbrokes said: "Things are going from strength to strength for Sam Ryder as far as the odds are concerned, we wouldn't at all be surprised to see him close the gap even further on Ukraine." Essex-born Sam shot to fame during the pandemic when he posted some of his music on TikTok. The singer decided to make use of the 2020 lockdown by sharing covers of pop songs to social media. The artist has covered tracks by the likes of Sia, Alicia Keys and Justin Bieber.  However, other experts suggest that Spain could rise to victory, claiming Spanish is one of the best languages to win Eurovision. According to Preply's research, Chanel was the second most searched act. Chanel is representing Spain, with her song SloMo which incorporates both Spanish and English in the chorus. Italy and Ukraine are among the other countries which are the most searched for. The Eurovision Song Contest is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.