Fox journalist Sam Squiers has sent an inspiring message to young women about working in sport and sports journalism. Squiers was speaking live to our assistant head of social Pandora Forsyth as part of Express Sport’s Women in Sport series #SheCan when she passed on some expert advice to budding young girls looking to make their way in the sporting world. “Something that I always told myself in my career was - you know people would say it’s so hard to get into, journalism,” Squiers said. “There’s so few sports journalists who are female out there. I just kept thinking, ‘someone does that job - it’s not impossible. Someone does that job. So why can’t it be me? There’s absolutely no reason it can’t be me. If someone’s got to take that job then I’m going to make sure it’s me doing that.’ “Find your passion, find what really riles you up, what really makes you want to stand on that soapbox, which makes you want to just yell from the rooftops. You could protest in the streets - what inspires you to do that? Find what it is about you that is different and celebrate that and focus on that and push that. And know that your difference is your power in a way. “I’ve always said throughout my career, and I stole it from Julie Bishop, who was in politics here in Australia. She said, ‘a woman trying to be a man is a waste of a woman.’ And it applies to sports journalism as well. “There used to be this phrase around newsrooms, ‘oh she’s just one of the boys.’ And that used to be a badge of honour. I kept thinking, ‘it’s not a badge of honour because what sets me apart from you is my strength. So if I’m trying to be you then I’m ignoring my strength.’ The fact that I am female, the fact that I am Sam Squiers, that is what is different. And it’s something I’m proud of. I’ve never wanted to be one of the boys. “Find your strength, find your passion - and go hell for leather with that. Focus on that and push that because that is what is going to be your superpower in the end.”  Squiers recently published her first children’s book, Princesses Wear Trainers. And the journalist admits her first daughter inspired her to write it. “I actually wrote this when my daughter Imogen, my first born, was first born,” Squiers added. “I wrote it five years ago. I naturally wanted to pass on my love of sport to Immy. And I’m a big one on messages, that messages matter. I feel like I needed to put balls and cricket bats and golf clubs in her hand from an early age. So she just got these messages that sport was for her. “I went searching naturally for a book about girls and sport. And I just couldn’t find anything anywhere. I searched in the UK, I searched in America. I just thought, ‘yeah I’m going to have to do this because I want this book for Imogen.’” To watch Squiers chatting to Forsyth and hear about her experiences in full, visit the Express Sport Facebook page by clicking HERE. 