On Wednesday, A Place in the Sun's Scarlette Douglas and her brother Stuart will reunite to present their new Channel 4 series, Flipping Fast. The siblings will make their debut with their own programme after they successfully fronted Love It or List It for Channel 4’s ‘Black to Front’ project. However, the duo won't be alone as they will also have the help of architect George Clarke. Scarlette and Stuart have always had a passion for property and interior design, and for the past 15 years, they have successfully run their own renovation business. Scarlette is used to being in front of the camera after rising to fame on A Place in the Sun. However, Flipping Fast will be former professional footballer Stuart's second TV presenting job. The property programme will follow six contestants who think they have what it takes to make it big-time as property entrepreneurs, offering them the life-changing chance to start their own property business. READ MORE: Madeley confronts Sadiq Khan with furious viewers over partygate The budding developers will each be competing against each other to see who can make the most profit from property in just 12 months. The contestants will receive support and advice from Scarlette and Stuart, with the winner receiving a cash prize of the full £100,000 investment given to them at the beginning of the process. Discussing the show and what George was like to work with, Scarlette told Express.co.uk: "I think for me, George is brilliant making everyone feel comfortable. "When you're working with everyday people that don't work in front of the cameras, of course, they're going to get shy, they're going to be nervous, and he's so good the minute he comes in a room, just making everyone feel at ease and comfortable." She continued: "We're all friends, 'Let's just have a chat' and that's exactly who he is. "That is something that I've always kind of done but watching him do it and stepping back and seeing him doing that is brilliant. "There's no ego, he's not cocky, he's not arrogant, he's just so nice." Stuart went on to add that George made him feel comfortable and "at home". DON'T MISS...Jane McDonald opens up on unexpected living arrangements [VIDEO]Silent Witness sparks frenzy as fans spot Vera star  [REACTION]Brenda Blethyn hits back at criticism of Vera’s appearance [NSIGHT] "I've been fortunate enough to learn from Scarlette and George who have been absolutely brilliant," the presenter praised. "The production companies have been great, I'm truly blessed to be given such a great opportunity. " Discussing the format of Flipping Fast, Stuart explained: "It's a competition and it's very, very exciting. "And to be part of something innovative, that is new and that is fresh, it just made sense that we're going to start out as a new fresh duo." "Why not start as a new fresh duo on a new fresh programme which is what we've done," he added. In a first-look trailer of Flipping Fast, Stuart, Scarlette and George had to share the contestant's profit results. However, one couple were left devastated after they made a huge loss on their property investment. "That is a lesson for everyone," George told the contestants. "This isn't easy." George Clarke's Flipping Fast begins on Wednesday at 9pm on Channel 4.