Rio Ferdinand has tipped Chelsea defender Reece James to be named the Premier League's Young Player of the Season. The Manchester United icon believes James treated some of his former club's players like 'boys' in last week's 1-1 draw and has suggested he has 'everything'. There is fierce competition for the award, first introduced in the 2019-20 season, after a campaign bursting with youthful talent. Liverpool star Trent Alexander-Arnold was the award's inaugural winner before Manchester City's Phil Foden came out on top last term. The award commends top-flight players aged 23 or under, and this year's field has an all-star feel, headlined by Foden. He is the favourite to retain his title as the Premier League's top youngster, with Bukayo Saka and Chelsea loanee Conor Gallagher making up the top three frontrunners. James is the fourth favourite ahead of Aston Villa's Jacob Ramsey, Saka's Arsenal teammate Emile Smith Rowe and Crystal Palace ace Michael Olise. But Ferdinand has backed the right-back to trump all competition because of his proven importance to Thomas Tuchel's plans at Stamford Bridge. JUST IN: Jason Cundy doubles down on Villarreal after Liverpool defeat On his Vibe with Five podcast, he said: "I'm going to go Reece James. I just think [about] the importance that he has in this team. When he doesn't play in that team now, they miss him massively. He has a massive impact. I watched him at Old Trafford the other day. He was treating some United players like boys. That's how good he is, how comfortable he looks now. "I've seen him on loan at Wigan playing centre-back [and] playing in midfield. He's so versatile," Ferdinand added. "His passing range is off the charts. Just his all-around general play, the composure, the physicality, his defending one-v-one. I think he's got everything." READ MORE: Loftus-Cheek to be offered Chelsea escape route after Tuchel comments James has flourished into an elite right-wing-back at Chelsea, but, as Ferdinand pointed out, he can also play as a centre-back and central midfielder. His versatility is just as important as his consistent quality in making him a prime candidate for the award. With England manager Gareth Southgate also expected to use a three-at-the-back system in this year's World Cup, James should prove to be a crucial member of his squad. He will be hungry to push on next season, avoiding injuries and developing further to meet his sky-high potential. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.