Daniel Craig finished out his journey as James Bond last year in No Time To Die. The official announcement about his replacement will likely come by the end of the year, but for now, the Bond odds are fans' best bet of figuring out who is coming next. At the top of the leaderboard is Regé-Jean Page of Bridgerton fame. The British-Zimbabwean hunk has had a grip on the Bond odds for over a year, following his debut on the Netflix period drama. Ladbrokes currently have him placed at 5/2 on becoming Bond after Craig - but he himself isn't so sure. Page recently announced that he was "flattered" by the rumours of him becoming 007, but chalked it up to a "merit badge" more than anything. Coming in just behind Page is the iconic Tom Hardy, who fans have rallied around since Craig stepped down from the series. Hardy is best known for appearing in Venom, the Batman series, and Inception. And his fans want him to become the next man of mystery. Ladbrokes have placed the star at a staggering 7/1, but he just cannot get over the hurdle that is Page. With that said, both of the British stars may be under threat, now that another Englishman is gaining on them. Daniel Kaluuya has just had his odds slashed this week - and his chances are better than ever. READ MORE: 'Don't hit him, Sean!' James Bond star was 'begged' not to attack star Ladbrokes revealed Kaluuya's odds were 33/1 at the beginning of the month, but they have now been cut in half. The betting agent has now placed the Black Panther actor's odds at 16/1. This places him just behind the likes of Cillian Murphy and Idris Elba, both of whom have 12/1 odds. Kaluuya is a young, prolific actor, and has shown his range in the films from Jordan Peele and Charlie Brooker's Black Mirror series. But does he have what it takes to become the next Bond? DON'T MISS...'Don't hit him, Sean!' James Bond star was 'begged' not to attack star [INFO]Roger Moore didn't like his Escape to Athena role alongside Bond star [NEWS]David Niven: Star's battle with Lou Gehrig’s disease explained [INSIGHT] Kaluuya has yet to take on a modern action movie, so stepping into the tuxedo of 007 could be a big ask for the 33-year-old. Despite this, Ladbrokes' Alex Apati thinks things are only going to get better for Kaluuya in the coming weeks. Apati said: "Regé-Jean Page and Henry Cavill continue to lead the way in the Bond betting, but the race is far from over, and Daniel Kaluuya has been the subject of a flurry of bets this month, putting himself firmly among the frontrunners in the process. We wouldn't at all be surprised to see him at 10/1 or shorter by the end of the month." What's more, the aforementioned Henry Cavill is still a strong candidate for the highly-coveted role. Cavill currently has 3/1 on becoming Bond next from Ladbrokes. And the Superman actor would certainly love to claim the spot considering he was already turned down once before. Cavill once recalled losing out on the Bond role in 2005 to Craig after being told he was looking "chubby". With something to prove, this may be his chance. The James Bond franchise is available to watch on Amazon Prime Video now.