Speaking to Dan Wootton, the Minister for Crime and Policing shared his fears that there would be “disappointing results” for the Tories as they face potential backlash over the Partygate scandal and the cost of living crisis. Mr Malthouse said: “I think it’s going to be a difficult night across the board for a variety of reasons.  “First of all the votes are to a certain extent stacked against us, 40 percent of the votes are in London, quite a lot of them are urban, we’re coming off a bit of a high water mark. “Certainly out there knocking on doors myself and talking to people on the doorstep today and in the weeks in the run-up it feels to me like we’re going to have a very very tough night. “We are midterm, people are coming out of Covid and are certainly in some parts of the country very angry. “London in particular I know [is] still expressing anger over Brexit.  “I think over the next few hours we will see some very disappointing results.” Mr Wootton then asked if voters were more concerned over Partygate or the rising cost of living, as inflation is set to rise by 10 percent. Mr Malthouse responded: “I would say that those people who weren’t supportive, probably it’s about 80:20 cost of living versus Partygate, a bit of Partygate fading particularly in the light of Beergate.  READ MORE: Boris issues stark local election warning after Brits cast verdict “People don’t like those in glass houses throwing stones, [it] doesn't go down well with them. “But definitely the cost of living is cutting through and it’s very very tough, I mean obviously we’ve seen the economic news today from the Bank of England. “People are concerned naturally about their future, what it’s going to look like and what inflation is going to do to them.  DON'T MISS:Disaster unfolds under Putin's nose - scared Russian generals fear [UKRAINE]GB News: ‘Completely looney’ Joe Biden blasted after slamming MAGA [US POLITICS]Kate speaks out on motherhood as she takes on new royal role [ROYALS] “They can feel it in their day to day lives and that is a cause for concern, so that combined with the nature of the seats that are up for grabs, the fact that we’re midterm does mean as you said that I’m braced for a difficult night.” More than 4,000 councillors in 146 councils are standing for elections across England, including in all 32 London boroughs. There have also been elections in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland, although they are not expected to start counting until this morning. 