Supplements exist in myriad forms, and while some have quantifiable benefits, others may pose substantial risks. Certain supplements, such as testosterone boosters, have been linked to an increased risk of risky blood clotting. The Endocrine Society recommends testosterone boosters to people with symptoms of a deficiency. In men, this generally includes a low sex drive, erectile dysfunction, depressed mood, or difficulties with concentration and memory. Although the hormone is associated with male health, women can also suffer a shortfall or overproduction of the hormone. Urology Health notes: "No testosterone products are currently licensed for women in the UK so all prescribing is outside of a licence.” In males, testosterone is produced in the testicles and regulates sexual development and functions. "During puberty, testosterone helps boys develop male features like body and facial hair, deeper voice and muscle strength,” adds Urology Health. "Testosterone deficiency can affect women’s sex lives but this needed to be diagnosed by a specialist doctor." According to earlier research, a surplus of testosterone in the blood can rise a man’s risk of potentially fatal blood clots. Researchers found that men taking the male hormone had a 63 percent increased risk of having a blood clot form in the vein. DON'T MISS: Fatty liver: The sweetener known to cause scarring of the liver [INFORMER] Dementia: If you ‘crave’ three foods you may have dementia [INSIGHT] High blood pressure: The smell 'frequently' reported among patients [INSIGHT] This is medically diagnosed as venous thromboembolism, which encompasses two conditions called vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism. Deep vein thrombosis initiates when a clot forms deep inside a vein, often residing in the lower leg. It is usually harmless so long as it stays static. If it departs from its point of origin and travels to the lungs, however, it can quickly become deadly. According to the American Heart Association, clots carry a risk of heart attack, stroke, organ damage or even death. The majority of cases result from trauma and injury, but researchers believe hormone therapy may be an overlooked risk factor. A condition that warrants hormone therapy is Hypogonadism, where sex glands produce insufficient amounts of sex hormones, if any. The condition typically affects teenagers and adults of all genders, but HIV/AIDS, ageing and chemotherapy are other risk factors for developing Hypogonadism.