The Champions League final saga continues with more criticism levelled at the police for their “wrong” handling of Liverpool fans awaiting the game outside Paris’ Stade de France. While France’s interior and sports ministers blamed ticketless Liverpool fans for the chaos, French football reporter Julien Laurens put blame on local police for overreacting and deliberately targeting Liverpool fans whom they treated as “hooligans." Speaking to Talk TV’s Jeremy Kyle, Mr Laurens lashed out: "It was disgusting. It was really abject, really disgusting, really disgraceful. "I’ve said it all along for me – and I was at the stadium – I got in too early and I didn’t have any of those issues. We have a (press) path anyway as a journalist. But it felt like they were targeted. "It virtually felt like the French police was like, 'oh, it’s the English hooligans again. We will show them that we are the boss here and they can’t come to Paris and do what hooligans do.' "Which was completely wrong to start with anyway – to have those stereotypes and those clichés.  "But even more when you saw the crowd Jeremy because they were calm, they were patient. They just wanted to get in with their tickets." "Yes, you’re right: there were people without tickets, there were some people who tried to climb over the fence but not many Liverpool fans, I have to say", Mr Laurens added. The UEFA Champions League will reportedly launch an investigation into the Stade de France's chaos because of “conflicting information” emanating from France’s authorities and in-situ UEFA observers. Talk TV’s TV host Jeremy Kyle jumped in, asking: "Do you imagine the French authorities will cooperate with this review? Because as the hours and days pass, this looks to be really, really badly sorted and organised by the French." READ MORE: Liverpool get their wish as UEFA request report into Paris pandemonium While the Real Madrid fan zone was located close to the stadium, Mr Laurens explains, the Liverpool fans zone was placed in the eastern part of Paris. "So, it was impossible for example for them to walk from there to the stadium. "They had to take public transport. There was a strike. You know the French, they love a strike, they love protests. Blablabla. "And then again, we go back to the main issue there, the way the police handled those Liverpool fans. "Because when we started hearing from within the stadium of the troubles, we all went out and we were expecting chaos and scenes of hooliganism – and actually, there was nothing. DON'T MISS:Roman Kemp hits back after Brits tear gassed at Champions League final [REPORT]John Bishop and Damian Lewis stranded after Champions League final [REPORT]Arsenal told they made huge Unai Emery mistake [REPORT] "It was a sea of red shirts inside the gate that was closed. There were fifteen just waiting to go in." Mr Laurens continues: "And having queued for three-four hours and some of them never went in. "For some of them, I was the night of their lives. "Some children would never go to another Champions League final. "Their dream was to be there and hopefully see Liverpool lift the trophy. And instead, it was ruined."