We were in what was known back then as bandit country - the narrow lanes, thick hedgerows and rolling green hills of beautiful South Armagh, close to the border with Eire. There had been a lot of shootings, kidnappings and bombings there and South Armagh was one of the more dangerous postings for a British soldier. An IRA gunman could take a pot-shot at one of them and be safely back across the border before any countermeasures could be brought to bear. But all seemed peaceful as we walked down a pretty footpath between lush meadows. Grazing cows lazily lifted their heads and stared at us in bovine curiosity as we passed. The men were laughing and joking, so I relaxed too. I stopped worrying about anti-personnel mines in the hedgerows or snipers in the woods above us. I'd just stopped to light a cigarette when there was a loud crack, seemingly right above my head. (Later I would learn this is the noise a high-velocity bullet makes as it breaks the sound barrier - literally a miniature sonic boom.) I turned to ask my new friends what was happening but they'd vanished as if by a magician's spell. In fact, every man jack of them had dived into a deep ditch. "Get the **** down, you stupid ****er!" the sergeant roared at me. Reader, I did. There were no more shots and eventually we resumed the patrol. I walked on in thoughtful silence. This week, almost 50 years on, I found myself interviewing Mary Lou McDonald, president of Sinn Fein, once described as "the political wing" of the IRA. I reminded Good Morning Britain viewers that Sinn Fein just made history by becoming the first nationalist party to win the most seats in the Northern Ireland Assembly elections. Sinn Fein... in democratic charge of Ulster! I turned to McDonald after my intro and said: "If I'd uttered those words 10 years ago I would've sounded completely crazy." She nodded agreement but said we now live in different times, adding, in effect, that "the people have spoken". Later, McDonald referred to Britain as "this wonderful country of yours", and I was compelled to interrupt her, mid-sentence. "You're the leader of Sinn Fein and you just described the UK as a wonderful country! That's something else I wouldn't have believed possible even five years ago." "Well, it IS a wonderful country," she repeated, going on to announce plans for a democratic referendum on a united Ireland, similar to the one held on Scottish independence in 2014. A properly constituted referendum. Not bombs. Not gunshots. Ballot boxes. Half a century ago I heard a bullet snarl over my head. On Tuesday, a much gentler sound. The tide of history, quietly turning on the sands of time. Anastacia's smash debut hit I'm Outta Love was released in 2000. Almost a quarter of a century ago. Can you believe it? Certainly not when you look at her. She looks great, after beating breast cancer - not once but twice. I met her this week, and she still wears those cool tinted glasses. "Judy Garland had 15 pairs of ruby slippers for The Wizard Of Oz, just in case," I told her. "How many pairs of glasses d'you have?" Anastacia smiled enigmatically at me. "Enough." Make that uber-cool. There's a plethora of documentaries and movies looking back on the British punk era of the 1970s. How quaint and inoffensive the likes of Johnny Rotten and the Sex Pistols seem now. "I am an antichrist-aaaah" Rotten used to half-spit, half-warble. It was so obviously an act, a bit of showbiz shtick, I'm amazed anyone took it remotely seriously. Rotten - real name John Lydon - is 66 now, a pensioner punk. Other ex-punks are in their 70s. Meanwhile an earlier band that also sparked much pearl-clutching and even questions in the House are now nudging their 80s. Yet 60 years after their very first gig, the Rolling Stones are STILL touring. Mick Jagger and Keith Richards will be 79 this year. "Rock 'n' roll isn't supposed to be done in your 70s," Jagger admitted this week. Yet still he struts his snake-hip stuff on stage; still Keith Richards smashes out the sensational opening riffs of Start Me Up on his famous Telecaster "axe", volume wound all the way up to 11. "I hope I die before I get old," The Who's Roger Daltrey once sang. Thank God the Stones didn't (well, three of them are still with us). They're blazing a bright trail into old age for my generation.