Her Majesty has given the BBC unprecedented access to her royal and private archive to compose a new film made entirely of homemade footage recorded by herself, her parents, her husband and others close to her over the course of three decades. The film, titled 'Elizabeth: The Unseen Queen', will be broadcast on Sunday evening, to kick off the Platinum Jubilee week. The film has been pieced together with a voice-over comprising extracts from more than 60 of the Queen’s own speeches from 1940 to 2021. This means viewers will see moments of Her Majesty's early life through her own words and eyes. But the Queen also agreed to record last week at Windsor Castle an original voiceover to explain why her family has always been fond of filming private moments. In the film, she can be heard saying: "Cameras have always been part of our lives. "I think there’s a difference to watching a home movie when you know who it is on the other side of the lens, holding the camera. "It adds to the sense of intimacy. "Like many families, my parents wanted to keep a record of our precious moments together. "And when it was our turn with our own family, we did the same. READ MORE: Meghan fights back tears as Duchess honours 21 killed at Texas school "I always enjoyed capturing family moments. "Private photos can often show the fun behind the formality. "I expect just about every family has a collection of photographs or films that were once regularly looked at to recall precious moments but which, over time, are replaced by newer images and more recent memories. "You always hope that future generations will find them interesting, and perhaps be surprised that you too were young once." The 75-minute-long show covers the Queen's early life, from when she was being pushed around in a pram to her coronation in June 1953. The documentary gives a unique glimpse into her relationship with her doting father King George VI, her mother Queen Elizabeth and sister Princess Margaret. The film also includes never-before-seen footage showing Elizabeth interacting with her grandfather King George V and uncle Edward VIII - who abdicated in December 1936 and thrashed her onto the direct line of succession to the throne. The private monarch can also be seen in her role as mother of her first two children, Prince Charles and Princess Anne, filmed playing in the royal gardens. The Queen's beloved late husband, Prince Philip, features heavily in the film. Footage showing Elizabeth and the Duke together includes him and the Queen in a boat during their honeymoon in 1947 and playing with their children and dogs. Moreover, the film includes a clip from the Duke's first extended visit to Balmoral in 1946, when their engagement had not yet been made public. The shy princess can be seen smiling and showing off to the camera her engagement ring. Describing this film, royal commentator and Sunday Times editor Roya Nikkhah wrote on Twitter: "Just seen a preview of Elizabeth: The Unseen Queen, airing Sunday on @BBCOne and…wow. "The most extraordinary, intimate, moving and revealing previously unseen home-movie footage makes up almost all the film. "Viewers will get a much deeper sense of the Queen’s life and journey." Simon Young, the BBC's commissioning editor for history, highlighted how the Royal Family will be seen under a new light with this film. He said: "This documentary is an extraordinary glimpse into a deeply personal side of the Royal Family that is rarely seen, and it's wonderful to be able to share it with the nation as we mark her Platinum Jubilee." Elizabeth: The Unseen Queen will be shown on BBC1 this Sunday at 7.45pm.