Jenny Newby sparked worry amongst Gogglebox viewers when she did not attend the British Academy Television Awards earlier this month, with her pal Lee Rigby confirming she was in hospital. The Gogglebox star has now turned to Instagram to share a health update and confirm when the pair will be returning to the hit Channel 4 show. The friends shared a video on their joint Instagram yesterday to update their loyal fans. In view of their 715,000 followers, Lee began: "Hi everybody, you'll never guess who I've just bumped into!" He then panned the camera to a smiling Jenny, who looked very well. Jenny said: "I just want to thank you all for your kind wishes, they've really cheered me up, thank you very much." READ MORE: Sir David Jason hints Only Fools and Horses would be cancelled today The pair then paused before Jenny announced that they sadly would not be returning for this season of Gogglebox. Giving away the date of the new series, Lee interrupted: "September, guys. We'll be back in September. Have a lovely summer everybody!" Many social media users, including fellow Gogglebox stars, took to the posts comments to share their joy over the good news. Fellow Gogglebox star Izzi Warner said: "Glad to see you’re feeling better Jenny lots of love xxx." Daniel Lustig-Webb added: "Great to see you back Jenny." Social media user Missushunt commented: "I'll be sure to show this to my 12 year old. She has really missed you both this last few weeks on Gogglebox." This comes after Jenny missed the BAFTAs due to having to go to the hospital for an operation. Lee took the opportunity to explain the matter to Express.co.uk at the time. DON'T MISS... Demi Rose sets pulses racing as she flashes bottom [INSTAGRAM] Joan Collins' wardrobe malfunction as husband rescues star [PICS] Megan McKenna addresses 'rough childhood' after 'poisoning' herself [COMMENT] He said: "She is not very well, she is having an operation, a mini one, but she is recovering well though. "She was invited but the appointment was in BAFTA week. You can't turn down an NHS operation can you? But she is doing well." The pair have been on Gogglebox since 2014, and have shared their many laughs and digs with the nation. They lifted the nation's spirits in lockdown when it emerged they'd moved in together to self-isolate so the show could go on. In other Gogglebox news, the Malones took to social media to share an update on filming earlier this week. Tom Snr said in a video shared to the couple's joint Instagram page: "We're getting near the end of the series now. Julie is throwing out these big words. I said it's the second to last night, Julie is saying what?" Julie then quipped: "It's the penultimate night." Gogglebox continues tonight on Channel 4 at 9pm.