During Thursday's The Chase, Bradley Walsh welcomed Angela from Hollywell, Gabe from Borehamwood, Fiona from Maidenhead and Paul from Birmingham onto the ITV show. During each round, the four players had to work together as they went head to head with Shaun 'The Dark Destroyer' Wallace. Angela was the first contestant to try her luck, although, she didn't get off to the best of starts as she stumbled on several questions in the cash builder. The 38-year-old, who answered three questions correctly, then had to face Shaun in the multiple-choice question round. The quizzer gave Angela the choice of winning a low offer of £1,000 or a high offer of £20,000. However, the 999 responder decided to play it safe by playing for the £3,000 she'd already banked. READ MORE: Stranger Things season 4 release time: What time is it on Netflix?  Despite guessing a few questions, Angela managed to sail through to the final against Shaun. However, halfway through the round, host Bradley had to tell Angela off for interrupting him. The host asked: "Which of these birds almost never lands and can sleep on the wing?" The options he gave Shaun and Angela were starling, swift and sparrow. "You've put..." Bradley continued as he waited for Angela's answer to light up green. However, the player interrupted him as she replied: "B, swift." "You're not allowed to say," Bradley warned. "I'm the one who says. You can't say, I have to say it, that's what I am here for, that's my job." "Can we swap?" the player asked before Bradley shut down: "No, we can't. Say nothing, now what did you put?" DON'T MISS...BBC Breakfast's 'out of touch' Platinum Jubilee coverage sparks uproar [REACTION]Scarlette Douglas pays tribute to George Clarke ahead of new show [VIDEO]Brenda Blethyn opens up on heartbreak of marriage breakdown [INSIGHT] "Swift," Angela replied as the host joked: "I told you not to say anything." After bagging a place in the final, it was Gabe's turn to go head to head with The Dark Destroyer. Although, luck wasn't on his side after he failed to beat Shaun and was sent home. Fiona also struggled with some of her questions, but despite the odds, she also sailed through to the final. Paul was the final player to take on Shaun, and even though he had a rocky start, things picked up in the multiple-choice question round. Despite playing for the £3,000 he'd already won, Bradley pointed out he would have won the £66,000 if he'd risked it. In the final, the last three players standing had to answer as many questions as possible within two minutes. They managed to answer an impressive 16 questions correctly, although, it was no match for Shaun as he beat them with seconds to spare. The Chase airs weekdays at 5pm on ITV.