Two more people in the UK have been diagnosed with monkeypox since the start of May, bringing the total number of infections to nine. Those needing care are currently receiving treatment in infectious disease units. The recent outbreak is the biggest documented in Europe so far, but recent data has sparked fears it could spread globally in coming months. Health bosses in the UK are now asking "everybody" to be on the alert for two key warning signs. The UKHSA has issued new advice asking everyone to stay alert to unusual rashes around the mouth and genital area. In a recent update, London’s Public Health Director Professor Kevin Fenton said: “We’ve recently diagnosed a number of new cases of monkeypox in England, specifically in the greater London area. “At this point, we’re asking everybody to be aware of the signs and symptoms which include rashes around the mouth, as well as around the genital area. “We’re especially asking gay and bisexual men, among whom we’ve been seeing an increasing proportion of cases, to be on the lookout for monkeypox." READ MORE: Monkeypox latest: Experts warn spread may become global as 2 more countries announce cases The UKHSA announced last week that it was conducting investigations to assess how the new patients contracted the disease. Anyone believed to be involved could be contacted by health authorities to provide further information. “For everyone who is concerned, please contact NHS 111, or contact your local sexual health service for advice," added professor Fenton. Transmission between humans is thought to occur through contact with bodily fluids or having close enough contact to breathe in airborne droplets. But the recent surge in cases across the UK is believed to have spread through sexual contact. These suspicions were sparked by the fact that the majority of recent cases are among gay or bisexual men who were infected in London and had no travel linked to Africa. The virus, which is a relative of smallpox, typically manifests as a mild illness that lasts no more than a few weeks. While the symptoms of both diseases are comparable, however, signs of monkeypox are generally milder than those of smallpox. What's more, swelling of the lymph nodes is a prominent characteristic of monkeypox, which is less commonly seen with smallpox. The rare viral infection, which kills as many as one in 10 people in Africa, is not easily transmitted among humans. It can cause fever, headaches, and a rash, which may cause blisters comparable to those seen with a chickenpox breakout. According to the Centre for Disease Control and Prevention, other common symptoms include fever, backache and chills.