The Scottish First Minister stuck up for the Labour leader after an inquiry was launched following evidence he held a dinner and drinks with colleagues inside last April when it was forbidden under the Covid regulations. Sir Keir continues to deny breaking the rules and says he "paused" for food while working in the lead up to the local elections. Police originally dismissed allegations of lockdown breaches last year, before announcing an investigation last Friday after "new evidence" emerged. Pressure had been growing on Durham Constabulary to take action after the Prime Minister was fined for sharing a birthday cake with colleagues in lockdown during June 2020. Ms Sturgeon today blasted Tory MPs for attacking Sir Keir in a bid to protect their own leader. The First Minister said with a police investigation underway it "would be wrong for me to comment in any more detail". READ MORE: Scots turn against Sturgeon's 2023 IndyRef plan, according to poll  "Let's let's wait and see what comes of this," she said. Ms Sturgeon continued: "What I do think is pretty obvious is that there is a massive operation underway on the part of the Conservatives to divert attention from Boris Johnson. "And not just Boris Johnson's single breaking of the rules, but what appears to have been a serial breaching of the rules and, of course, Boris Johnson's inability to be straight with the House of Commons." Mr Johnson and Chancellor Rishi Sunak have faced weeks of negative headlines after being fined by the Metropolitan Police. Following the outcome, Sir Keir has repeatedly called on the Prime Minister to resign. He argued it was impossible for Mr Johnson to retain the trust of the British public after being found guilty of breaking his own rules.   Labour frontbenchers have claimed there is no comparison between Mr Johnson's rule breaking and the claims levelled against Sir Keir. Speaking during a visit to Scotland on Saturday, the Labour leader said he was "confident" he had not broken the rules. He said: "As I have explained a number of times, I was working in the office, we stopped for something to eat. DON'T MISS:Curtice pinpoints Sturgeon's error giving Greens election 'leg up' [INSIGHT]Blackford argues whether Boris will ‘respect the rights’ of Scots [WATCH]Scottish council elections: Sturgeon Indyref2 plot destroyed [UPDATE]  "There was no party, no breach of rules, I am confident of that." Ms Sturgeon's defence of Sir Keir comes after she too was found to have broken Covid rules. The SNP leader was spoken to by police in April after being spotted in an indoor public space without a face mask. Wearing a face mask was still compulsory in Scotland at the time.  Despite being spoken to by the police, Ms Sturgeon was not fined for the breach of the rules. She said in a statement at the time: "I accept that not wearing a face covering even for a few seconds was an error on my part and I am sorry for that. Having received complaints about the matter, Police Scotland made contact with me. "This is what they would have done with anyone else in these circumstances, and they were absolutely right to treat me no differently to any other citizen. "I explained that the error was inadvertent and the police have confirmed that the matter is closed." 