Helen Skelton's estranged husband Richie Myler has reportedly "jetted off with his new love interest" following his split with the Countryfile star. It comes after Helen, 38, was absent from this week's Countryfile episode following the news of her split from Leeds Rhino rugby player Richie, 31, after eight years of marriage. Last Monday Helen broke the news of the heartbreaking split with her social media followers and confirmed Richie had "left the family home". But now sources close to the TV star have claimed that the sportsman went back to pick up his passport ahead of his break with his "new love interest." An insider claimed: “He said he was going on holiday. "It’s thought he’s taken his new missus so they can be out of the public eye." READ MORE: Tom Parker held wife Kelsey's hand as he died as she shares final vow They went on to claim that the former Blue Peter presenter is doing well, adding that mutual friends of the former couple think she's been treated "appallingly". “Helen’s holding it together well, which is admirable given she was blindsided by his new relationship," they claimed to The Sun. It comes days after it was reported that the rugby player has started a relationship with a "younger, successful businesswoman." The same publication told how the pair are "in the early stages of a relationship." Just days after the heartbreaking news was announced, Countryfile viewers were saddened to see that the Cumbria-native was missing from the most recent episode as they issued their support for the star. Sunday's programme was led by Adam Henson and Anita Rani as viewers noticed Helen's absence. One fan suggested: "Turned on Countryfile to see Helen after this week but she's not on it. She must be taking some time to herself, the poor woman." Another wrote: "My heart goes out to Helen. Of course she wouldn't be working at a time like this." DON'T MISS... Angelina Jolie rushed to bomb shelter during visit to war-torn Ukraine [INSIGHT]Anne Hegerty reacts to Mark Labbett's The Chase replacement [ANALYSIS]James Corden tipped to hit stage as serious actor amid UK return [UPDATE] The shock news of Helen and Richie's split comes just four months after they welcomed their daughter, Elsie Kate. In view of her 284,000 followers, Helen confirmed that she and the rugby player are no longer together. The TV presenter wrote: "Very sad to say that Richie and I are no longer a couple. "He has left the family home. We will be doing our best to co parent our small children," she ended the post alongside a series of broken heart emojis. Prior to sharing the heartbreaking news, Helen posted a cryptic quote about motherhood. The On The Farm star’s post read: "A mama is always full of emotions, full of love, full of anxiety and worries, full of exhaustion and lack of energy, full of mum guilt and doubt, full of pride in her kids, full of pure joy. "She feels it all, that’s the beauty of her, she carries it all too, and yet she gets up every day and does it all over again." As well as their daughter, Helen and Richie are also parents to young sons Ernie, six, and Louis, four. Richie, who plays rugby for Leeds Rhinos, has not yet broken his silence on the split. Express.co.uk has contacted Richie Myler's representatives for comment. 