If you love all things Sony then you might want to pop Thursday, May 12 in your diary. The Japanese technology company has just confirmed that it will be announcing an 'exciting' new audio product at an online event and rumours are rife that an upgraded pair of premium headphones will be top of the agenda. In an email sent out to consumers over the weekend, Sony said: "Your world starts here. Coming soon… An exciting new audio product from Sony!" Sony already produces some of the best cans in the business with its brilliant WH-1000XM4s already winning every award going. You can read our full review of these 5-star headphones here. Despite all the plaudits, it seems the firm isn't happy resting on its laurels with rumours rife that a big upgrade is inbound. A number of technology websites have already published leaks from social media of the upcoming product which, as you'd probably expect, appear to be called the WH-1000XM5. Pictures of these noise-cancelling devices show a completely refreshed design that looks very different from the current flagship headphones. If true, it appears Sony is opting for an even more sleek and minimalistic look with cups that are button and clutter-free. One recent post online even shows how the packaging might look with this box also revealing that the new headphones could feature a whopping 30-hour battery life plus support for Sony’s impressive and very immersive 360 Reality Audio format. Of course, we can also expect some market-leading noise-cancelling technology, impressive sound and a wired or wireless connection to your music player. If Sony does reveal its new WH-1000XM5 cans this week it will certainly have the like of Apple's AirPods Max and the Noise Cancelling 700s from Bose seriously worried. As we mentioned earlier, Sony is renowned for making some of the best headphones in the business and these latest audio products could make them even harder to beat. Sony's big reveal will take place on Thursday, May 12 at 5pm. Express.co.uk will bring you all the news from this event live so watch this space if you want to hear more.