Political commentator Scottie Nell Hughes bashed US President Joe Biden for sending pushing through another multi-billion package to Ukraine as she accused him of ignoring US domestic issues. The United States Senate agreed in a bipartisan vote to support President Biden’s $40billion aid package to provide Kyiv with weapons and military help to defend themselves against Putin’s Russia. The package is the United States' highest package sent to Ukraine yet as Russia focuses its effort on the eastern Donbas region. But  Ms Hughes insisted Joe Biden should turn his attention to the Americans and start investing money in America. Speaking to GB News, Ms Hughes savaged: "A lot of Americans right now are saying maybe it’s a good idea for Joe Biden to stay here at home and focus on our problems here. "Keep the money here, now take care of us first before you try to take on another project. "We had the largest drop in the US stock market in two years. "That’s underneath Biden administration. You have cars hitting $6 per gallon here." "You have seen the cost of gas in a year double what it was just when Joe Biden was taking the office", Ms Hughes said. "We have our bureaucracy which you think it couldn’t get worse. Guess what? It has. "And we have starving babies in the United States of America. "And yet, the only thing Congress can agree on right now is sending billions over to Ukraine.” In a rare bipartisan vote, both Democrats and Republicans passed the legislation in the Senate in a show of unity against Putin’s war in Ukraine. READ MORE: Biden jets off to Asia as POTUS set to approve $40bn Ukraine bill Ms Hughes added: "You know, bipartisanship is very rare in the United States, especially in an election year like we’re dealing with. "However, in this case, a lot of both conservatives and progressives are scratching their head considering all of these problems that need money. "Money could actually be used for the help. "Here, in the United States, we’re now totalling almost $60billion in aid being given to Ukraine. "And of all the cars, Republicans and Democrats actually agreeing to it." DON'T MISS: Joe Biden approval rating sinks to a new low [ANALYSIS]Why NATO allies are relying on Joe Biden to convince Turkey [EXPLAINER]Finland and Sweden's Nato accession ramped up as Biden escalates it [REPORT] She added: "Some people are going: maybe we need to look at actually who their contributors are. "That would be more of an answer because at this point where’s there’s no actual checks and balances in the amount of money that the United States - and probably the UK - is giving to Ukraine to guarantee that it’s actually going to help people on the ground as what was promised." The package provides $6billion to the Pentagon for arming Ukraine’s military and almost $4billion for military operations in Europe. Another $4billion will be sent to the State Department to finance foreign military and other NATO countries.