Meghan's style has come to reflect more of her own personality since she left the Royal Family, a fashion expert has remarked. The Duchess has ditched many of the fashion protocols expected from Royal Family members. The evolution of her style reflects her move away from the British Monarchy. Harriet Castle, buyer at Public Desire, told Express.co.uk: "Meghan Markle was an actor first, and since becoming a member of the Royal Family, she would have had to follow certain protocol when it comes to her outfits. "This includes wearing longer dresses and wearing hats to formal occasions. "However, she’s always maintained true to herself throughout, every outfit reflects and suits the Duchess’ personality." She went on: "She has always opted for more solid and neutral colours which are more relaxed. READ MORE: Meghan Markle is 'classic, modern, elegant' because she follows Kate's style rules "Especially now that she and Harry have more separation between themselves and the Royal Family." One such example is Meghan's adoption of the US-style staple the jean. She has worn them for many of her recent public appearances, including last month at the Invictus Games in The Netherlands. She wore a pair of indigo straight jeans with a white jacket to watch the volleyball. She wore a lighter wash set of jeans with a black boucle jacket to watch the athletics at the event. At the event's IGF Reception Meghan ditched the longer hemlines associated with conservation royal style for a white mini dress, the hem sitting a good few inches above her knees. DON'T MISSMeghan's 'smokey eye' compared to Kate's 'natural' look [MAKE UP] Kate and Meghan opt for fuller brows with Meghan's 'more natural' [EXPERT] Prince Harry 'may have had some whitening treatment' on his teeth [DENTIST] Meghan has a number of style credentials. She has appeared in and guest-edited a September issue of British Vogue. She also created a line of affordable workwear clothing called Smar Set, with British charity Smart Works. It included a shift dress with Marks & Spencer and a tote bag with John. She also created a shirt with Misha Nonoo - whom she has described as "my dear friend, and one of my favorite designers" - for the collection, which saw one piece of clothing donated for each one bought. The white shirt has become part of Meghan's wardrobe, as experts pointed out. In fact, for her first public appearance with Prince Harry at the Invictus Games in Toronto, Meghan wore the "Husband Shirt" from Misha Nonoo's brand. Harriet told readers: "One of Meghan’s more relaxed style staples is definitely a classic white shirt paired with blue or black jeans. "This has been a classic look from the moment she made her first appearance with Prince Harry in 2017 at the Invictus Games. "She also dresses up this classic look by pairing a white shirt with a printed skirt as she did at the 2019 Wimbledon championships." The expert recently discussed the difference between Kate Middleton and Meghan's wedding dresses. She told Express.co.uk the different styles reflected the women's "positions". She told readers: "Both of their wedding dresses were stunning and really reflected both of their styles and positions in the family perfectly." The two women were marrying into two different positions in a family in which members ranked based on their order in line to the throne. Kate wore a lace-covered ivory gown designed by British fashion house Alexander McQueen with lace made in Nottingham. Meghan, on the other hand, wore a dress designed by French fashion house Givenchy.