Declan Rice has been offered a new eight-year contract to stay at West Ham, according to reports. It is claimed the England midfielder has been given the chance to more than treble his wages to £200,000 a week. Rice is currently on around £62,000 per week at the London Stadium. He has rejected all offers of a renewal so far amid interest from the likes of Manchester United and Chelsea. But talkSPORT have sensationally claimed the Hammers have made another attempt to keep hold of the 23-year-old. The report says West Ham are '99 per cent' certain they will not sell Rice this summer. Rice has been given the chance to pen a deal to keep him at the club until 2030. The £200,000-a-week contract would rise with inflation across the length of the deal. READ MORE: Four free agents Man Utd could sign after board tell Erik ten Hag to 'search for bargains'  West Ham are even willing to up the offer to a 10-year contract if Rice and his representatives were open to that idea. However, he is currently showing no inclination that he will put pen to paper, with his camp believing they could get between £300,000 and £400,000 per week elsewhere. Rice's current contract is set to expire in the summer of 2024 but the club have the option to extend it by a further season. But West Ham are desperate to keep hold of him for even longer and have laid a huge deal on the table. He has been the Irons' standout player in recent seasons and is a firm fixture in the middle of the park for Gareth Southgate at international level. Rice has been West Ham's on-field captain for the majority of the last two seasons, with Mark Noble set to leave this summer. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag’s five-man Man Utd strikeforce with two signings and Cristiano Ronaldo [COMMENT]Man Utd to save £50m when six stars leave and plan to repeat Jadon Sancho transfer tactic [TRANSFERS]Chelsea's stunning starting XI if Thomas Tuchel signs Richard Keys' three suggestions [TRANSFERS]  Rice spent time in the academy at Chelsea before being released at the age of 14. The Blues have long been linked with a move to bring him back to Stamford Bridge. United also hold a long-standing interest in the player. He remains a target for the Red Devils ahead of the arrival of Erik ten Hag as manager this summer. Hammers boss David Moyes last month insisted Rice was not for sale. And he claimed the club would not accept an offer of £150m or less. Moyes said: "The first thing to say is that he is not for sale. If you are interested, well, it will be north of that.  "One hundred was cheap last summer. One hundred and fifty just now would be minimum but he is not for sale. What I do know is that it means there are only certain clubs that could even consider it." Moyes compared the situation to Tottenham refusing to budge on their stance not to sell Harry Kane last summer. He added: "They said, 'No, there is a price and if someone wants to pay the price, then we would probably do it. If they don't then he's not going anywhere'. "That's it. They have kept him. We have got Declan on the best part of a three-and-a-half year contract. Just like Tottenham have got Kane on a contract. They control what happens." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 