Rosmarie Trapp, member of the real-life family that inspired the Sound of Music, has died at the age of 93. Her death was confirmed by her family over the weekend. A statement shared on Instagram announced she had died on Friday. The cause of her death was not mentioned in the social media post. "Stowe lost one of its kindest, most gentle souls yesterday," read the statement. “Rosmarie Trapp passed away peacefully on Friday evening at the age of 93; she was in the presence of loved ones all day long. "Her kindness, generosity, and colorful spirit were legendary, and she had a positive impact on countless lives. "Please respect our family’s privacy as we take time to process this loss, and prepare to celebrate the life of an amazing woman. "We believe the best way to recognize Rosmarie is to demonstrate the same selfless kindness and generosity that she exemplified daily." Rosmarie’s family was inundated with support as other social media users took to the post’s comments section to pay their tributes. Girakofi commented: “So sorry for your loss. “Sending condolences to the whole Von Trapp family.” Annamaria.antal7 added: “Please accept my deepest condolences. I feel privilaged to have met her and called her my friend. “She had an impact on countless lives, including mine. DON'T MISS...Coleen Rooney is 'different mother and wife' after her famous tweet [INSIGHT]Sir Ian McKellen brands Jake Daniels a ‘hero’ after coming out [COMMENT]Emmerdale star Liam Fox shows off fairytale home with co-star wife [INSTAGRAM] “Forever grateful to this wonderful lady. Rest in peace Rosmarie..” (sic) Themaddog1977 penned: “I am sorry for the loss of your loved one. May her memory live on for all those who knew her well.” Fairemere typed: “My condolences on the loss of such a lovely person to have in your lives as a gift from God. “May the memories bring joy to your heart amongst the grief.” Rosmarie was born on February 8, 1929, in the outskirts of Salzburg, Austria, and was the eldest of Captain Georg Johannes von Trapp and Maria Augusta von Trapp's seven children. Her family emigrated to the United States in 1938 to escape the Nazi occupants in Austria. Their extraordinary story was immortalised in a 1949 autobiographical book by Maria, which later inspired the Broadway musical and movie The Sound of Music, starring Julie Andrews and Christopher Plummer.