Last week, Rishi Sunak announced that Britons in receipt of certain means-tested benefits would get a £650 payment to help with the cost of living. One of these is Pension Credit, designed to help people over state pension age on a low income. Pension Credit is a benefit for pensioners on the lowest of incomes. Those getting the £650 boost can be expected to receive this in July and August so it will be paid across two lump sums over that time period. On BBC Money Box this weekend, presenter Paul Lewis spoke with Helen Morrissey, senior pensions and retirement analyst from Hargreaves Lansdown, about the cash boost available to pensioners. There are about 850,000 pensioner households with many of these people not claiming Pension Credit. READ MORE: 'I was so convinced' Man devastated after losing over £10,000 in sophisticated scam  The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) has announced a "day of action" next month which will focus on encouraging people of State Pension age to check eligibility for a benefit worth more than £3,000 each year in financial support and additional discounts. DWP’s Pension Credit Day of Action will take place on June 15 and aims to get more older people applying for support to help them manage the rising cost of living. The latest figures released by the UK Government show that up to 850,000 families who were entitled to receive Pension Credit did not claim the benefit in the financial year 2019 to 2020. The DWP launched a new awareness campaign in April and said up to £1.7 billion of available Pension Credit went unclaimed - on average. This amounted to around £1,900 per year for each family entitled to receive the "gateway" benefit. Pension Credit gives people extra money to help with living costs if they are over State Pension age and on a low income. If someone gets Pension Credit, they can also get other help, such as:Housing Benefit if they rent the property they live inSupport for Mortgage Interest if they own the property they live inA Council Tax discountA free TV licence if they are aged 75 or overHelp with NHS dental treatment, glasses and transport costs for hospital appointmentsHelp with their heating costs through the Warm Home Discount SchemeA discount on the Royal Mail redirection service if they are moving house One of the quickest ways to find out if one is eligible, and how much extra they could potentially be paid every week, is to use the Pension Credit calculator on the GOV.UK website. How to make a claimPeople can start their application up to four months before they reach state pension age. They can claim any time after they reach state pension age but their claim can only be backdated for three months. This means they can get up to three months of Pension Credit in their first payment if they were eligible during that time. Britons will need:Their National Insurance numberInformation about their income, savings and investmentsTheir bank account details, if they’re applying by phone or by postIf they’re backdating their claim, they’ll need details of their income, savings and investments on the date they want their claim to start. Apply onlinePeople can use the online service if:They have already claimed their state pensionThere are no children or young people included in their claim