Lewis Hamilton has issued a positive statement following his battling fifth place finish in Spain this week, insisting he ‘can’t wait’ for the upcoming Monaco Grand Prix. Hamilton has endured a tricky start to the 2022 season, with his Mercedes car struggling for pace. Mercedes made notable improvements ahead of the Spanish GP and Hamilton put in arguably his most impressive performance of the campaign to finish fifth. Although Hamilton was denied a fourth-placed finish due to reliability concerns in the closing laps, his efforts were heroic after suffering a collision and puncture on the opening lap, sending him to the back of the field. Like the Hamilton of old, the seven-time world champion showed remarkable speed to breeze past the majority of the field to secure a top five finish. Following the improved performance, he posted an upbeat message ahead of this weekend’s Monaco Grand Prix. He wrote on Twitter: “Yesterday [Spanish Grand Prix] was another day that reminded me just how much I love this sport. Going from your emotions hitting the floor to ending on a high is such a thrill. JUST IN: Sebastian Vettel 'chased down thieves on scooter' after being robbed in Barcelona “All of our hard work as a team is starting to pay off. Together we are making progress! Can’t wait for this weekend.” Hamilton and his Mercedes team have dominated the sport in recent years, with the Silver Arrows remarkably winning the last eight Constructors’ Championships. 2022 though has proven much more difficult for Toto Wolff’s team, as they currently sit winless in third, 75 points behind leaders and rivals Red Bull. In spite of the early season gap, the man in charge Wolff is still confident his team can challenge for a ninth successive world championship. DON'T MISSF1 fans taunt Lewis Hamilton with George Russell banner at Spanish GPMercedes predict they will 'close down' Ferrari and Red BullGeorge Russell issues Ferrari and Red Bull warning Following the race in Spain, he told Sky Sports: “Can we fight for a world championship? You bet we can. We have reasons to believe we can get there. If you look at the standings that is very hard to see but motor racing is a different ball game. "We've seen today that Ferrari didn't score a lot of points when they should have and we will absolutely push flat out to bring us back into the game." 