After the heartbreaking death of his wife last season, Jimmy Palmer (played by Brian Dietzen) has been throwing himself into his work on NCIS while maintaining a resolute and strong presence in front of the team. Now, as season 19 edges towards its finale on CBS, it looks like Jimmy may be able to move on after striking up an unlikely bond with agent Jessica Knight (Katrina Law). And in episode 20, titled All or Nothing, a first-look snap could suggest Ducky (David McCallum) will play a part in securing his colleagues’ romance. After the previous instalment focussed on McGee (Sean Murray) striking up a fatherly bond with rebellious teenager Teagan (Cay Ryan Murray), the next episode sounds like it will put Palmer and Knight back to the forefront. The synopsis reads: “NCIS investigates the unexpected death of a Navy reservist who was an investigative journalist. “Also, Knight and Jimmy’s budding romance is put on hold when a vital organ transfer goes fatally wrong.” READ MORE: NCIS' Michael Weatherly pays sweet nod to Robert Wagner in new post However, while the synopsis suggests Knight and Palmer will put their feelings on hold, first-look snaps from the episode suggest they will do anything but. In a number of preview images, the pair are shown alone seemingly hiding and fighting for their lives in the wilderness. Jimmy is shown with blood splattered on his clothes while Knight can be seen in another with her gun drawn. Who exactly the pair are hiding from and fighting back against remains to be seen but seeing as it’s just the two of them, their protective nature for one another is bound to blossom. So where does Ducky come into the scenario? Well, it’s no secret that Ducky holds a soft spot for Jimmy having worked closely with him for years. In fact, Ducky has somewhat of a fatherly bond with Jimmy himself having helped him learn the ropes inside the NCIS medical room. But in All or Nothing, it seems Ducky will be spending much more time with Knight. In another preview photo from the episode, Knight joins Ducky back at headquarters - and the pair seem in very high spirits. DON'T MISS:NCIS LA exit: Why did Adam Jamal Craig leave as Dom Vail?NCIS: Who is Sean Murray's daughter Cay Ryan Murray?NCIS’ Sean Murray pays tribute to daughter ahead of guest role Could it be that Ducky has been putting in a good word about Palmer in order to improve his chances of a romance? Knight and Ducky haven’t spent too much time together so this would give him the perfect chance to sing Jimmy’s praises for the first time. And given how much time Ducky and Jimmy have spent in close quarters over the years, he’d be just the man Jessica needs to ask about her potential new love interest. Does this mean Ducky will be the final key in securing the romance NCIS fans are so desperate to see? It would certainly be a welcome romance given the heartbreaking end many of the show’s relationships have faced in recent years. Torres (Wilmer Valderrama) saw his bond with Bishop (Emily Wickersham) dashed when she departed at the end of season 18. And series stalwart Gibbs (Mark Harmon) had to settle for a tear-jerking kiss with Jack Sloane (Maria Bello) last year too as she announced her exit to stay in Afghanistan. NCIS season 19 continues Monday on CBS in the USA and Wednesday on Disney in the UK.