Changing habits with washing machines, ovens, dishwashers, televisions or kettles can help save hundreds, according to experts and appliance engineers at leading home appliance insurance company Smart Cover, who shared their best tips and recommendations. Stuart Whitewood of Ashford Services in Kent, speaking on behalf of Smart Cover, said "changing or upgrading your household standard light bulbs from bayonet type to LED is a big cost saving in your home". With washing machines, he recommended "to run them at lower temperatures and on shorter washing cycles". The expert added: “Don’t put things in for an hour and a half cycle if they don’t need it, go for half an hour instead. "This reduces the amount of water you use and amount of energy used over a period of time. READ MORE: Foods you should never keep in the fridge including cucumbers  "It’s also important to do regular maintenance descales and keep the filters clean." Mr Whitewood also recommended trying to use kettles more wisely and less frequently, as well as "only filling them with the amount of water you need, rather than to the top each time”. By filling the kettle with the exact amount of water needed for a tea, for example, the energy used is notably reduced. He added that even if your appliances are on standby they are still using energy.  "Turn them off at the wall if you can and the same goes with your heating. If you don’t need it, turn it off,” he advised. He also recommended putting the oven and hob on lower temperatures and cooking more efficiently, especially on the hob, to save money. Stuart explained: “A lot of customers tend to put all the rings on the hob. "Instead, try to use one big pan and do it all together. "Putting lids on pans will also speed up the heat process. “If you can, try to cook in batches, and using the correct cookware is important too.” In fact, cooking in batches is a great way to save money, not only by reducing the amount of energy spent but also "the number of trips you make to a supermarket, so there’s less temptation to buy things you don’t need," said Chris Beasley from Smart Cover. He added: “Cooking in batches is a really good way to stay organised. It can also mean saving money on energy by cooking everything at once." Chris recommended doing this on Sundays to organise the meals for the whole week: "Some people find that cooking in batches on one day of the week, such as a Sunday, helps to set them up for the week ahead.” He said: "These tips show you don’t have to make huge alterations. "Just by having an eye on the amount of energy you are using, little things can build up over time. “And if you’re taking good care of your appliances it will also mean they last longer and won’t need replacing, which is good for the pocket.”