Cannabis health products are extending rapidly, and celebrities have been huge proponents of the trend. The supplements are widely touted for their ability to relieve stress and anxiety, but evidence suggests they could endanger the heart. According to recent reports, some supplements may carry a risk of “life-threatening” atrial fibrillation. A recent report has detailed the case of a 56-year-old woman who suffered a dangerous heart rhythm disorder after taking high doses of hemp oil containing CBD, (cannabidiol), CBG (cannabigerol) and berberine supplements. The woman was admitted to a hospital emergency department after experiencing a sudden onset of dizziness and faintness. She was later diagnosed with “life-threatening heart arrhythmia,” reports WebMD. An ECG revealed a rapid heartbeat originating in the ventricles and a marked prolonged QT interval. READ MORE: Supplements: Product for joint and liver conditions could be ‘toxic’ – experts warn In other words, the heart’s electrical system was taking longer to recharge between beats, according to the report published in Heart Rhythm Case Reports. Six months earlier, the patient had started taking six times the recommended dose of hemp oil and later added berberine to the mix. All supplementation was discontinued during the hospital stay, and her QT normalised within five days. Doctor Elise Bakelants, of the cardiology department at the University Hospital of Geneva in Switzerland, said: “More and more people are taking herbal supplements for their potential benefits. “Yet their ‘natural’ character can be misleading since their preparations can have serious adverse side effects on their own or if combined with other supplements or medications. “Their use should not be taken lightly, and dosing recommendations should always be respected." The physicians stressed the importance of adhering to dosing guidelines for patients with underlying heart disease or those taking QT-prolonging medication. In previous talks with the Guardian, Philip McGuire, professor of psychiatry and cognitive neuroscience at King’s College London, explained that many of the readily available formulas of CBD contained concentrations too small to have any real effect. He pointed out the importance of differentiating between extremely high doses of pharmaceutical-grade pure CBD that studies include for their research, and supplements available online. He said: “These may contain quite small amounts of CBD that might not have large enough concentrations to have any effects.” Another prevailing cause for concern is the unreliability of the purity and dosage of CBD in products, which are often marketed with unproven medical claims. Though generally considered safe, side effects, such as dry mouth, diarrhoea, reduced appetite, drowsiness and fatigue.