Food recalls occur when a product is deemed unsafe or potentially unsafe for consumers. This may be due to undeclared ingredients, packaging issues or contamination. Aye Pickled Ltd is the latest food company to recall a product, due to undeclared mustard. It is stocked in fine food stores, farm shops and delis across the UK. Pack size: 330g Batch code: 019/1 Best before: September 30, 2022 READ MORE: Instantly ‘improve relationship or marriage’ by making two choices  The Food Standards Agency (FSA) issued a risk statement regarding the recall. It stated: "This product contains mustard making it a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy to mustard. "Action taken by the company Aye Pickled Ltd is recalling the above product from customers and has been advised to contact the relevant allergy support organisations, which will tell their members about the recall. "The company has also issued a point-of-sale notice to its customers. "These notices explain to customers why the product is being recalled and tell them what to do if they have bought the product. Please see the attached notice." The notice from Aye Pickled Ltd read: "We are recalling Aye Pickled Curried Kraut due to a known allergy (Mustard) not being present in the list of ingredients included on the product label. The company informed consumers: "Please note, the mustard is contained within the Curry Powder used in the product which also contains: Coriander, Fenugreek, Tumeric, Garlic, Corn Flour, Chilli, Sunflower Oil, Bay Leaves and Cloves." Aye Pickled Ltd outlined the steps consumers should take if they have purchased the recalled product. "If you have bought Aye Pickled Curried Kraut, as detailed above, and you have an allergy or intolerance to Mustard, do not eat this product." Instead, shoppers must check to see if they are in possession of the affected batch code (019/1) with best before date of September 30, 2022. Aye Pickled Ltd suggested: "You can do this by taking a picture of this notice or writing down the batch code / best before date for reference at home." Finally, those in possession of the affected product should return it to the store for a full refund, with or without the receipt, the company explained. It concluded: "For more information contact us on hello@ayepickled.com." The FSA explained why allergy alerts occur: "Sometimes there will be a problem with a food product that means it should not be sold. "Then it might be 'withdrawn' (taken off the shelves) or 'recalled' (when customers are asked to return the product). "Sometimes foods have to be withdrawn or recalled if there is a risk to consumers because the allergy labelling is missing or incorrect or if there is any other food allergy risk. "When there is a food allergy risk, the FSA will issue an Allergy Alert."