Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba had reportedly agreed personal terms on a move to Manchester City before U-turning on his decision for fear of facing fan backlash in the northwest. Such a move would have set the summer window ablaze, much like Carlos Tevez's did when he switched red for blue back in 2009, but Pogba instead seems determined to explore alternative options. Pogba is set to call time on a six-year stint at Old Trafford this summer with his contract almost up. Many fans will be glad to see the back of him after failing to live up to his club-record price tag, and his departure will provide another kick in the teeth for the Red Devils as they won't receive a penny. City briefly joined Juventus and Paris Saint-Germain in the race to acquire the 29-year-old's services. Pep Guardiola is set to pursue a new midfielder this summer as Ilkay Gundogan and Fernandinho prepare to make way. According to The Times, the deal got as far as a personal terms agreement before a sudden change of heart. Pogba supposedly feared that locally-based United fans could make his life 'unbearable' if he went through with the deal. JUST IN: Erik ten Hag 'will have no say' on Man Utd XI vs Crystal Palace despite attending match  His decision leaves the door open for Juventus and PSG to crack on with talks as the summer window edges closer. Pogba spent four fruitful years with Juve between 2012 and 2016, but many feel as though he could benefit from a move to France given his stellar performances for the national team. Having spent three of his teenage years at United, Pogba delighted fans by returning to the club for a world record £89million in 2016. Despite positive spells, the good times did not last and he may ultimately leave with regrets that some of his prime years were spent under managers and alongside players who struggled to get the best out of him. DON'T MISSArsenal to back Arteta with 'heavy' investment despite CL failureErik ten Hag snubs Ajax end-of-season trip as 'there is a lot to do' at Manchester UnitedEverton to investigate allegations of racism from Brentford duo Ivan Toney and Rico Henry Tevez trod the same path from United to City well over a decade ago, accompanied by the now-infamous 'Welcome to Manchester' billboard. While he was tormented by Red Devils fans in the aftermath, his fortunes improved on the pitch as the striker fired in an impressive return of 58 league goals in 113 matches for the Sky Blues. With Pogba unwilling to follow suit, City will have to search elsewhere for a new midfield recruit. Frenkie de Jong is supposedly set to be put in the shop window by Barcelona - a club Guardiola has an amicable relationship with - while Leeds United's Kalvin Phillips is also on their radar.  Guardiola has already pulled off one blockbuster signing before the summer window has even begun. City's hierarchy clinically executed a move for Borussia Dortmund frontman Erling Haaland, sewing up one of the hottest transfer market properties in the process by triggering his £51m release clause. The striker could be joined by a left-back, as well as a midfielder, as Guardiola aims to form the perfect squad for next season.