Jack Grealish could one day return to Aston Villa after a disappointing start to his Manchester City career, former Villa striker Gabby Agbonlahor believes. Grealish has scored just three Premier League goals since his £100million summer move from Villa Park. Ahead of Villa’s visit to Manchester City on Sunday, where they will hope to provide twists and turns in the title race, Agbonlahor believes that Grealish could go down the same route as Ashley Young and return to the club one day. When asked if Grealish being on the other side would fire up the visiting fans on Sunday, Agbonlahor told talkSPORT: “I don’t think they will mind, I think a lot more Villa fans are okay with the idea. At first a lot of them were hurt, one of their best players has left and obviously they were disappointed, but from social media now you see a lot that if Jack Grealish wants to come back tomorrow they would take him with open arms. “I do actually believe that one day he will come back and play for Aston Villa, similar to what Ashley Young did.” Young returned to Villa Park this season on a free transfer, ten years after leaving the club to join Manchester United. Manchester City and Grealish know that a win against the England international’s former side will secure them the Premier League title, as they sit one point ahead of second-placed Liverpool. They could have been celebrating on Monday night if a heavily-rotated Jurgen Klopp side suffered defeat away to Southampton, but the Reds came from behind to win 2-1 thanks to goals from Takumi Minamino and Joel Matip. Sunday will be a big day for Grealish, not only is he hoping to win his first Premier League title but could do so against the club he joined aged six. When told after Manchester City’s 2-2 draw with West Ham that he would need to beat Villa to secure the title, Grealish told Sky Sports: “It just had to be against Aston Villa, didn’t it? It couldn’t have been any other game. “But that doesn’t matter. It’s not about me; it doesn’t matter who we play against. It’s about the team and about the club. We’re going to go out there and try and get all three points. It’s going to be different for me, I’ve never had that before, I’ve never had a game on the last day to win a title. I’m looking forward to it.” Grealish was on the scoresheet against West Ham to set up a final day title decider, his 49th-minute finish started Manchester City on their comeback from 2-0 down to tie the game.