The Midwich Cuckoos is a 1950s science fiction novel written by author John Wyndham which has previously been brought to life as the gripping horror movie The Village of the Damned. Sky is now transforming Wyndham's story for the small screen so modern audiences can be hooked on the disturbing tale, more than 65 years on after the book's release. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about shooting The Midwich Cuckoos. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Midwich Cuckoos. Midwich is a fictional village in England the original novel, simply described as "unremarkable". The 1960 film The Village of the Damned was also set in the UK but the 1995 version of the story had changed locations. While still called Midwich, the plot actually took place in the heart of California where the town was set. Sky chose to keep more in tune with the book, setting and filming the new eight-part series in England. READ MORE: ‘I wasn't a big fan’ Outlander's Caitriona Balfe speaks on key change The latest adaptation of The Midwich Cuckoos was filmed mostly in Amersham, Buckinghamshire. Talking about the decision on their location, director Alice Troughton explained: "It was filmed in Amersham which is a hillside market town. "It was very much for that reason because it was the market towns that we were looking at. "And we stayed and filmed most of it there actually, we were based at Watford and did that M25 periphery." Troughton continued: "It needed to be accessible to London, David was very clear about that. "When we first started looking for a location, we looked further afield and then most of us went 'hm, no well it can't be isolated, rural, cut-off, it needs to feel like Keeley [Hawes] can get on a train and she's in a glamorous restaurant and she would do that. "I think it brings it nearer to home as well and makes it more believable that Sam (played by Max Beesley) and Zoey (Keeley Hawes) would want to move there rather than move to somewhere backwards, it needed that plausibility." Writer David Farr added that market towns were ideal for these kinds of shows. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Nicola King for affair as lies unravel [THEORY]What is The Last Kingdom star Eliza Butterworth's next role? [CAST]The Midwich Cuckoos on Sky: Differences between drama and book [EXPLAINER] Farr added: "I always call them commuter towns because they're not weirdly designed for themselves, which gives them a slightly soulless quality to it. "Everyone is sort of there to get somewhere else quickly like seedy London! "But it lends itself to drama really well, and particularly science fiction as there's an otherness that everyone's in denial about the entire time." Luckily, the wait is almost over before fans can delve into this reimagination of a classic. The Midwich Cuckoos is going to be available to watch on Sky Max and NOW from Thursday, June 2. The limited series will consist of eight episodes, each instalment with a rough running time of an hour. A new episode is going to be released every Thursday on Sky Max but if you're eager to watch it all, the boxset will be ready to stream from the release date. The Midwich Cuckoos will premiere on Thursday, June 2, at 9pm on Sky Max and streaming service NOW.