In February 2018, Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge took to the stage, along with Meghan Markle and Prince Harry, at the Royal Foundation Forum in central London. This event was the only engagement that the 'fab four' attended together It was held as part of Heads Together, a mental health foundation that was launched by Prince Harry and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. Unearthed clips from the event have surfaced and, according to the Royally Us hosts Christine Ross and Christina Garibaldi, there was a "really weird" exchange between the Cambridges and the Sussexes. Speaking on the latest episode of Royally Us about the clip, Ms Garibaldi noted: "I think we said a couple of weeks ago, that someone else said this was kind of like, the start of the downfall between the four of them." Ms Ross added: "They pointed out that when you go back and watch these clips, it's really weird. "At the time, we didn't think anything of it, but when you go back and watch the clips, from the event, it's noticeable". Ms Garibaldi claims that there is "a lot of tension there". READ MORE: Queen extends olive branch to Meghan and Harry as Monarch celebrates Archie's 3rd birthday Ms Garibaldi added: "There's been a lot of books and a lot of reporting that said that William wanted Harry to wait a little bit longer before proposing [to Meghan]. "She says [Tina Brown] in the book [The Palace Papers] that William wanted Meghan to live in the UK for a little while longer to get, kind of, used to thing before Harry proposed. "But of course, that happened really quickly". Harry began dating Meghan in 2016 and the pair became engaged in November 2017. After meeting in 2016, Harry and Meghan kept their relationship a secret for a few months. READ MORE: 'Increasingly unlikely' Queen's health fears explode over speech – 'last-minute call' The 2018 interview took place a few months prior to Meghan and Harry's wedding and was the first official joint outing for all four of them. During the interview, the four discussed the programs they run that are close to their hearts - from the Invictus Games to Heads Together. In the interview, the four were asked if they ever have "any disagreements". Prince William replied by saying, "oh yes". Before Harry answered by stating, "healthy disagreements". DON'T MISS Meghan 'stole the soundbite' off Kate in rare Fab 4 outing [INSIGHT]Queen in 'lose-lose situation' as Harry and Meghan to steal spotlight [ANALYSIS]Princess Eugenie's podcast project questioned over Andrew's row [VIDEO] Since Meghan and Harry's royal exit in 2020, tensions have esculated between the Sussexes and the rest of the Royal Family, particularly between the brothers. Prince William and Prince Harry were once inseparable brothers with a "close" relationship. During an interview with Hoda Kotb for NBC Today, reports of the fued were heightened when the Duke of Sussex refused to say whether he missed his father the Prince of Wales or his brother the Duke of Cambridge. The Duke avoided the question and the entire interview to have caused weary consternation in palace circles.