The Gemini Moon is a messenger Moon, which means communication matters a lot more during these transits. But, it’s not just about what you say, it’s how you say it. This communicative energy will transcend into your social life, and you might feel more drawn to opportunities that allow you to connect with others. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for May 31. Saturn is will form a semi-sextile to Neptune later today. This first occurred on May 17 and is due to take place again on January 6, 2023. Cafe Astrology said: “There can be some ambivalence while this transit is active. “Sense of our obligations is strong, but so is a tendency to avoidance, which in turn feeds guilt and undermines confidence.” During these transits, you might be more prone to over-rationalise or deny situations that make you feel uncomfortable.  READ MORE: Best colour to paint a room to look bigger that's not white  Or you might avoid facing up to issues that might require more action and energy. Cafe Astrology said: “Similarly, it can be challenging to fully allow ourselves to dream or let go. “We may be attempting to feed our imagination and our need for realism, but have difficulty finding a middle ground.” During these times, it’s important to make adjustments that help strike a balance between taking the more practical and responsible approach and incorporating the more idealistic goals.  However, the more positive energies this transit brings can be anchored by the Gemini Moon, which often brings good humour and a “party frame of mind”, according to Astrology TV. Although, as air signs tend to go, moods can be slightly more flighty, and you might feel more restless and disjointed during this Moon transit. Astrology TV said you might “move quickly from one thing to another before any real difference has been made.” It continued: “At its best, the Gemini Moon can urge curiosity, discovery and the sharing of knowledge.  DON'T MISS: Apollo 11 photos auctioned as NASA plots Moon return [PICTURES]How to get rid of houseplant gnats - 4 ways 'to clear them all away' [EXPLAINED]Top 20 sitting room trends for 2022 - including open plan space [ANALYSIS]    “On its not so great days, however, this can be quite an impersonal and unemotional energy, rather aloof and abstract." The void Moon will occur from 9.11pm BST, before changing signs to trine Saturn until the Moon enters Cancer tomorrow at 6.50am. This might bring more of a retreat from the sociable and confident energies that come with the Gemini transit, and you might be more inclined to seek refuge in familiar places with familiar faces. Expect more of a likeliness of any suppressed emotions from the Gemini transit to surface. However, it’s important during this time to take the strong emotions and channel them into a positive change. Put your emotions to work instead of feeling overwhelmed by them. 