Antiques Roadshow headed to Dyffryn Gardens near Cardiff in South Wales last month, where diamond specialist John Benjamin was delighted with one find. Presenter Fiona Bruce and the rest of the team had a busy time, and John managed to score one heirloom holder several hundred more pounds after she almost sold her expensive items to an under qualified jewellery dealer. Meeting a potential seller and owner of two items of sparkly jewellery, John was pleased to see that the pieces in question had hardly been worn. Opening up on why this is such a desirable trait, he said: "A couple of weeks ago, I was doing a valuation for a customer, and we were chatting, and she said to me, 'What's the most important feature about a piece of jewellery?' and I said 'Do you know what, It's about how wearable the item is.'" The guest brought two items with her, which John pointed out were "incredibly wearable". He added: "They were made in totally different countries and both were made around about 1905." Read More: 'Unforgettable' Jane McDonald shares glimpse into love life as she bids farewell on show Wanting to know how she came into possession of the items, the owner replied: "I inherited them from an elderly neighbour. She, in turn, got them from her maiden aunt, who did a lot of private nursing. "If she hadn't killed anybody off in the process, they usually gave her a parting gift." Both were laughing at her comment, with the antique connoisseur composing himself to go into detail about the items. He highlighted that the smaller "enamelled brooch" was fashioned as a heart and in the middle of the flower was a "sapphire" surrounded by a "border of half pearls". This smaller brooch was made in the UK, and although having similar colourings to the bigger piece of jewellery, the second piece was from further afield. A "56" stamp on the second piece told John that it was "Russian". She took in all of the new information she had received and agreed on how "sweet" it looked. She said: "I haven't worn it more than a couple of times." This pleased John, with which he eagerly replied: "I'm glad you haven't worn it very much because it's in surprisingly good condition as well." DON’T MISS…NCIS Los Angeles season 13 finale: Is Callen leaving NCIS LA? [LATEST]Doctor Who boss explains how Ncuti Gatwa almost missed out on Time Lord role  [LATEST]The Chase replacement hopes for more screen time next season 'If the bosses are up for it'  [LATEST] Being in such great condition only added to the potential value and meant that the rubies and diamonds that were encrusted into each piece were unscathed. John Described: "The sparkly white stones in the two leaves are chips of diamonds." The pendant also housed a Russian ruby and getting to the point the owner really wanted to know about, the price, he commented: "Right, let's talk a little bit about what their potential value is. "Have you ever had them valued?" "Well, I did take them to Cardiff and showed a local dealer, and he offered me a £180 for the both of them," the unimpressed lady replied. Turning her frown upside down, the BBC specialist said: "This little sentimental sweet brooch would sell in auction for probably £250 to £300. "So there's your offer in one piece. "The Russian 1905 pendant at auction, you are talking about £1000 for it." He concluded: "You have got some super-duper little pieces of jewellery here. Antiques Roadshow airs on Sunday at 7pm on BBC One.