Simon Cowell, 62, has spoken up about his marriage to Lauren Silverman, 44, whom he is due to wed in June. The star has said that the primary reason for marrying Lauren is because he feels it’s the right thing to do for their son Eric, 8. The talent show judge was initially skeptical of marriage but reassessed his views after falling in love with Lauren. He explained that he couldn’t ever see himself dating ever again. Simon said he decided to propose after feeling as if the pair were already engaged during lockdown. “I also just couldn't see myself ever dating anyone again," he said. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman praised after rescuing stranded hiker on mountain “The idea of going out on a first date now is too weird.” He added that it was important to make sure Eric feels comfortable talking about his parents’ relationship as he grows. Simon added: “For Eric, as he gets older, he will be asked more and more about his parents. “I thought it was the right thing to do for him," he told The Sun.  Lauren has spoken about how she envisages the wedding to be. She explained that she wants it to be a  “small and intimate” affair. Despite having the capacity to go over-the-top, the pair would prefer it to be not so outlandish. She wishes to limit the number of celebrities at the event and keep it to mostly family and friends. DON'T MISS...Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker steal Met Gala spotlight [PICS]Brooklyn Beckham shirtless as Nicola Peltz dares to bare at Met Gala [LATEST]Anne Hegerty reacts to Mark Labbett's The Chase replacement [INSIGHT] A source close to the pair told MailOnline that Simon’s ex-girlfriend Sinitta was interested in attending the wedding. Lauren was quick to shut it down, however. - what did she say? include the quote Simon proposed to Lauren in Barbados alongside Eric. The two are keen to have their son “front and centre” at the ceremony. An insider spoke about how the two are willing to put aside their previous reservations about marriage for the sake of each other and Eric. A source told People: “They have fun together, as well as being each other's rock. “They are both passionate but really do bring out the very best in each other. “As a family, they all have such an incredible bond. “A lot of things have happened in the last few years and just like for everyone else in the world, these things have all been a reminder about what is precious to them.”