Eurovision is returning to the BBC this week with an eclectic mix of acts hoping to be crowned this year's winner. Representing Italy in this year's contest are Alessandro Mahmoud, known professionally as Mahmood, and Riccardo Fabbriconi, known as Blanco. Mahmood may sound familiar as he was the runner-up in the contestant in 2019.  Mahmood and Blanco will represent Italy in this year's Eurovision after winning the 72nd Sanremo Music Festival with their song Brividi earlier this year. Mahmood rose to fame on The X Factor Italia as did the reigning Eurovision champions Måneskin who are also Italian. He released a line of singles after coming runner up in the 2019 Eurovision and he has also put out two albums. The Milanese artist's most successful song to date has been Soldi which landed him second place in the 2019 Eurovision. READ MORE: 'Disgusted' BBC Breakfast sparks uproar over Russian news coverage The song even became the most streamed Eurovision song of all time on Spotify. The record was held until January when Duncan Laurence's hit Arcade amassed more streams. The Dutch performer was crowned the winner of the 2019 Eurovision. Mahmood will be returning to the contest, but this time he will be singing alongside fellow singer and rapper Blanco.  Blanco, who hails from Brescia, has developed a huge fanbase in his home country. His single, Mi Fai Impazzire, spent eight weeks at the top of the Italian charts last year. The hit was followed by the release of the debut album, Blu Celeste, which also reached the number. Mahmood is not the first contestant to compete in the Eurovision more than once.   DON'T MISS...Eurovision 2022 presenters: Who are the hosts? [EXPLAINER]UK Eurovision 2022 song: The sweet meaning behind Sam Ryder’s Space... [UPDATE]Eurovision 2022: Sam Ryder faces huge blow ahead of final  [INSIGHT] Cliff Richard has participated in Eurovision twice for his country, the first being in 1968 with the song Congratulations when he was runner-up. He returned to the contest in 1973 where he sang Power to All Our Friends and came in third place. According to Eurovision rules, contestants can enter Eurovision more than once. However, the rules state: "No contestant may compete for more than one country in the Eurovision Song Contest in a given year."   The United Kingdom has not been in the top 10 at the Eurovision since 2019, but fans are hoping this year's entry Sam Ryder can change that. The country has finished last for two years in a row, but the Space Man singer remains optimistic. "I'm just completely grateful people in the competition are stoked to have me on board as well," he recently told the BBC. "I'm incredibly excited to make some friends, chat some music, and just take in every moment of this beautiful, wild bonkers thing." Eurovision 2022 final is on Saturday, May 14 on BBC One.  