Carole visited her daughter in hospital on July 23, 2013, after Kate had given birth to her first child, George. The Duchess' mother turned up at the Lindo Wing at St. Mary's Hospital wearing a pale blue dress covered with tiny white flowers, which could have been mistaken for spots. Today, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were pictured recording a message which was broadcast this morning at 11am on every radio station in the UK. Kate wore a dress similar to her mother as she called on the nation to "lift someone out of loneliness" by encouraging small acts of kindness within communities. Kate and William were photographed recording the message from a room in Kensington Palace. For the occasion, the Duchess opted for a blue midi dress adorned with black and white polka dots. First worn by Kate in 2016, the dress was from Altuzarra, costing a whopping £1,700. Founded in 2008 by French-born, New-York based designer Joseph Altuzarra, the brand is and American luxury label which has been favoured by Kate in the past. The dress was mid-length, reaching Kate's knees, but had a subtle slit on its left side. It featured a V-neckline, three-quarter sleeves, and buttons running down the centre. The dress was a pale blue but was covered in black and white polka dots, with the two different colours touching one another. As for jewellery, Kate seemed to be wearing her favourite Annoushka Baroque Pearl Drops, which she dons regularly.  The Duchess has worn the Altuzarra dress before. She first stepped out in it in September 2016 when she visited the Stewards Academy in Harlow, Essex. As part of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's Heads Together campaign, the couple spoke to young people at the academy about the pressures they face when going through life changes, like starting at a new school. Interestingly, Kate wore the Altuzarra dress for an engagement centred around mental health both then - and now. Kensington Palace shared the picture of Kate and William recording the radio message this morning. The caption read: "Delighted to be a part of this year’s #MentalHealthMinute. "We all have the power to make a difference to someone who's feeling alone, and it's never been more important to support one another." In the couple's message, Kate recommended that people "give someone a ring, send a text or knock on their door", while Prince William encouraged people to "suggest meeting for a coffee or a walk" if they think they may be feeling lonely. Royal fans were quick to comment on Kensington Palace's photo, with many praising the Cambridges. Twitter user @RoxanneReaction said: "Catherine's voice is the sweetest, so soothy. William's voice is so deep and comforting. What a powerful message delivered so beautifully. Thank you so much for doing this!" User @LP81706046 wrote: "You are both truly inspirational. What a fantastic idea to interrupt all radio stations simultaneously to get across your message of help and hope. Yet again you are at the heart of us all. Thank you for being you." User @nicolawoody added: "A very important and thoughtful message. Thank you Your Highnesses for participating in this awareness day."