"Stop it!" Jeremy Clarkson's girlfriend Lisa Hogan admonished in her latest video for the Diddly Squat Farm Shop's Instagram account. However, the leader of a herd of cows continued to advance towards her, with seemingly no intention of moo-ving back. Instagram fans debated whether it was charging menacingly, or just having some playful farmyard fun. However Lisa hinted at her possible nerves after the video was captioned: "Yikes!" @skogsmaskinsforarn joked: "A cow is all fun n games until it decides to stomp you into the ground!" (sic) @nicolasangwin concurred, adding: "My 3 Labradors & I got chased by a herd of cows about 6 months ago. I was terrified." READ NOW: John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning @digitalsmartfarmsolutions laughed: "Someone hasn’t had their coffee this morning!" @paulbpmurphy quizzed: "Were there calves present? I often think cows with calves nearby are much deadlier than any bull." @paulmcmillan516 chimed in: "Cows are evil! Them and horses are not to be trusted." However @peterclayton80 had a more generous interpretation of the cow's risky behaviour, exclaiming: "Only wants some food - or play!" Diddly Squat's Instagram account, which has 783,000 followers, advertises the farmer's market held on Jeremy and Lisa's land. Though Lisa might not have had much success on taming the cow, "taming" is exactly the word that she has used in relation to getting her 62-year-old partner to settle down. The pair are adamant that they won't be marrying or having children together, as those days are over for them both. Jeremy has already been married twice, and has three kids, while Lisa's 30-year marriage, in which she also had three children, ended back in 2011. DON'T MISS... Tom Hanks' feud with Ricky Gervais laid bare: 'He's on his high horse' [INSIGHT] Meghan Markle sparks divide as Garbage fume at 'obscene' visit [DEBATE] Patricia Brake dead: Porridge actress dies aged 79 [LATEST]  Nevertheless, the pair have committed to each other wholeheartedly, vowing to be together forever. "It’s relaxing knowing you are not going to be with anybody else," former model Lisa told Fabulous. She added: "It gives you a certain amount of liberation.” Meanwhile, though Lisa, 49, and her mother were both once successful models, she is now content for her only modelling content to feature the likes of a £20 Diddly Squat hat. Jeremy posted an Instagram photo of her wearing one with the farm's logo emblazoned on it, unflatteringly captioned: "Old lady in a hat." Though it's a far cry from her glamorous past, she has still made it clear she's very happy with Jeremy and life on their 1,000 acre farm. Plus on other occasions, Jeremy has been much more complimentary about Lisa's appearance, describing her as "ageless".