Comedian John Bishop, 55, and his actor pal Damian Lewis, 61, had just witnessed their favourite team, Liverpool, lose out to Real Madrid at the Stade de France in Paris when, to make matters worse, they found themselves facing a tough delay on their way back to the UK. In spite of the circumstances, the pair tried to keep their spirits high with a stream of selfies and social media posts. Though John might be a comedian, the prospect of a six hour delay was initially no laughing matter - and he dubbed his misadventures a "c**p weekend". "I managed to get a seat on a club charter flight from Paris," he updated his followers in a Twitter rant. "This felt like a win when I got on with @lewis_damian [but] more than 5 hours later and we have not moved." He added candidly: "I wish I had got the train #c**pweekend." (sic) READ NOW: John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning He posed for the camera, beer in hand, while looking a little weary. Disgruntled Damian also took to social media to document the journey, and described John as a "top lad" alongside a snap of them both on the plane. However, he later updated his status with yet another photo of the pair together, revealing that they had now been stuck on the tarmac for five hours. The pair larked around, with Damian joking: "Day 2 in the Big Brother house...." Without skipping a beat, John joked back: "You can see the cracks in our relationship developing ...." While the pair regularly updated their status throughout the delay, it wasn't the first disappointment they'd had over the weekend. John had reported the disastrously slow charter journey was the second flight he'd tried to get a seat on that day. Before that, it had been a waiting game just to get into the stadium. DON'T MISS... Tom Hanks' feud with Ricky Gervais laid bare: 'He's on his high horse' [INSIGHT] Meghan Markle sparks divide as Garbage fume at 'obscene' visit [DEBATE] Patricia Brake dead: Porridge actress dies aged 79 [LATEST] On Saturday, John complained of "disgraceful" conditions at the ground's entrance. "At the gate in Paris - been here for 25 minutes and nobody has been allowed in," he exclaimed. He then branded it "disgraceful treatment of fans who are displaying an unbelievable level of patience". The situation then escalated and fans were reportedly tear gassed by police. The French Interior Minister made a public reference to "thousands of British supporters" holding "counterfeit tickets" or no tickets at all, and blamed them for the chaotic scenes. UEFA initially claimed the situation was caused by supporters arriving late at the stadium. However they later blamed counterfeit tickets as well. The match eventually kicked off 36 minutes late and Real Madrid defeated Liverpool 1-0.