Liverpool have released a strongly-worded statement saying they are "hugely disappointed" with the chaotic scenes before the Champions League final and demanded a full investigation. A huge amount of Liverpool fans were caught up outside the Stade de France and some were even forced to cover up from tear gas ahead of the match with Real Madrid, which was delayed twice. A club statement from Liverpool FC read: "We are hugely disappointed at the stadium entry issues and breakdown of the security perimeter that Liverpool fans faced this evening at Stade de France. "This is the greatest match in European football and supporters should not have to experience the scenes we have witnessed tonight. We have officially requested a formal investigation into the causes of these unacceptable issues." UEFA also released their own statement during the final stages of the match and they blamed the chaos on a number of fans trying to gain entry into the stadium without tickets in the Liverpool end. The statement read: "In the lead-up to the game, the turnstiles at the Liverpool end became blocked by thousands fans who had purchased fake tickets which did not work in the turnstiles. "This created a build-up of fans trying to get in. As a result, the kick off was delayed by 35 minutes to allow as many fans as possible with genuine tickets to gain access. "As numbers outside the stadium continued to build up after kick off, the police dispersed them with tear gas and forced them away from the stadium. "UEFA is sympathetic to those affected by these events and will further review these matters urgently together with the French police and authorities, and with the French Football Federation." In chaotic scenes before the match, a number of French police who were armed with shields and tear gas could be seen racing around outside the Stade de France where a host of Liverpool fans were waiting to gain entry into the stadium. UEFA had sparked fury by launching images on the big screen in the stadium insisting that the trouble outside the stadium was caused by 'fans arriving late to the stadium', although they later changed their message, claiming that the delays were down to 'security issues'. Once the match had started, Real Madrid came out on top after withstanding huge pressure from the Reds. Karim Benzema saw a strike chalked off after a lengthy VAR check in the final moments of the first half but Vinicius Jr ghosted in to stab Los Blancos into the lead on the hour mark.