The Ukrainian intelligence service at the Ministry of Defence reported that Russian officials are preparing for a cholera outbreak in the east of Ukraine. Officials at the Ukrainian Main Intelligence Directorate claimed Moscow hoped to spark an epidemic in the region, which could be used by the Kremlin to accuse Ukraine of using biowarfare. Included in the planning are “disease prevention measures” already in place on mass gatherings, it added. The Ministry of Defence in Ukraine claimed Moscow has ordered senior Russian medical officials to set up “additional measures on cholera prevention”. It added: “The chief state sanitary doctor of Russia Anna Popova signed a decree ‘on additional measures on cholera prevention’”. The Ukrainian regions closest to Russian territory would be those targeted, it predicted. The Directorate said: “Special attention is paid to additional prevention measures in the border with Ukraine regions: Bryanska, Kurska, Belgorod, Voronezka, Rostov region, Krasnodar region and occupied Crimea.” It said Russia’s “provocations in border areas” would look to confer “responsibility” on Ukraine for “the use of biological weapons”. Ukrainian intelligence gave an estimates timeline of somewhere between late May and early June. Ukrainian news platform Ukrinform then reported that the heads of Federal Service for Supervision of Consumer Rights and Human Welfare were told to ready laboratory space for cholera research. READ MORE: Putin leading Russia to 'civil war' as Chechens eye power grab The Russian sanitary agency chiefs were given a deadline for these preparations of May 15, the outlet claimed. The directors were also instructed to publicise tactics for disease prevention in Russia. It has not been confirmed whether Russia is aware of any cholera outbreak in the war-torn eastern regions of Ukraine. But conditions of war, displacement, crowded conditions, and scarce water sources would accelerate the spread of the disease. DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Putin humiliated by 70-year-old granny [LIVE]'Cancer-ridden' Putin facing COUP as inner circle prepares to axe him [REVEAL] Corpses laid out in shape of Putin's terrifying 'Z' symbol of war [REPORT] Reports from the besieged port city of Mariupol described “medieval” living conditions where diseases like cholera thrive. The Ukrainian Parliament tweeted an update of the “intolerable” reality for those remaining in the city. It posted: "Cholera, dysentery, and Escherichia coli: about 100,000 Mariupol residents are in mortal danger not only due to shelling but also to intolerable living conditions and unsanitary conditions.” It added, painting a gruesome picture: "The air temperature has already reached 20 degrees. “Powerful and deadly epidemics could soon break out in the city – due to the lack of centralized water supply and sanitation, the decomposition of thousands of corpses under the rubble, and a catastrophic shortage of water and food.” It then urged: "The occupiers cannot provide the existing population with food, water, and medicine. They block all evacuation attempts. And without that, people will die. “Now in the ruined Mariupol, there are medieval living conditions. “Immediate and complete evacuation is needed!"