George Russell’s experience ‘manhandling a Williams’ last season has proved vital in his Mercedes performances, according to Martin Brundle. The Sky Sports host claimed Russell is used to getting better results than his machine is capable of which has carried over to the first four races with the Silver Arrows. The former driver also added he was ‘not surprised’ Russell has matched champion team-mate Lewis Hamilton over the opening part of the season. Brundle said: “I think George is handling a bad car better than Lewis is. “George has still got all the motivation and the enthusiasm, and no world-weariness. He has had three years of manhandling a Williams around, getting better results than it perhaps should have done. “He's doing a fine job and I think he's very special. I'm not at all surprised he's at least matching Lewis, that's exactly what I expected him to do. I feel a bit sorry for him, to be honest! He's bided his time at Williams and now he's jumped in the Mercedes and they're not fast.” READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton warned next two races are 'critical' Russell has almost scored double Hamilton’s tally so far this season after a poor start to the campaign for the seven-time champion. Hamilton lies seventh in the standings, more than 50 points behind championship leader Charles Leclerc. The Briton scored just one point in Saudi Arabia before a 13th place finish at the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix. Meanwhile, Russell has scored four successive top-five finishes to sit fourth in the standings. Last week, former F1 star Ralf Schumacher even claimed Hamilton ‘has to admit’ Russell was ‘the better driver right now’ in the team. Mercedes were the third fastest team throughout the opening part of the season but it appeared the squad took a backwards step in Imola. DON'T MISSHamilton's hopes for eighth title this season written off by Leclerc [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton's secret tactic which could help Mercedes F1 comeback [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton hits back at 'spoiled' comments amid Mercedes nightmare [COMMENT] Both drivers were battling much of the midfield across the weekend and were unable to get anywhere near the pace of the leaders. However, Brundle still believes the team are capable of picking up victories at some point this season. He added: ​​"Another team other than Ferrari or Red Bull will win a race this year - they're bound to. There's so many races, and with difficult conditions, somebody will... and you assume it's going to be Mercedes getting their act together and finding the problem in their car.”