Mary, Crown Princess of Denmark, 50, is the wife of Frederik, the Crown Prince of Denmark. Frederik is the heir to the Danish throne, which means Mary would automatically become queen consort. Mary is often out and about on royal visits and engagements in her country, and yesterday she met with the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi. Mary looked ravishing as she had dinner last night, May 3, with Mr Modi. The Princess donned a stunning floor-length gown which was pale blue but looked almost grey or violet depending on the light. The dress was the Cape Sleeve Silk Gown from iconic Italian fashion house Valentino. It featured lace sleeves, which had been added to the orginial dress, and a floor-length cape that matched the length of the dress. READ MORE: The Queen's 'best bad mood' was telling Prince William off Mary accessorised with a J. Furmani clutch bag, which was covered in diamantés - this was called the Stone Flap Clutch in silver. Her shoes were Manolo Blahnik Hangisi 105 Grey Satin Pumps, which also featured diamantés embroidered onto their pointed toes. The Princess completed her look with diamond pendant earrings from Copenhagen-based designer Bruun Rasmussen. These featured flower-shaped studs but had three strands decorated with diamond leaves hanging from them. The Princess' make-up was minimal, except for subtle foundation, lashings of mascara, and a slightly soft brown lip.  Interestingly, this wasn't the first time Mary had worn the dress - she donned the garment in 2019 at the Enthronement Ceremony of Emperor Naruhito at the Imperial Palace in Tokyo, Japan. However, she did not wear it with lace sleeves at the time, implying she added them yesterday to make the dress look slightly different to before. Pale blue is a colour that looks good on Mary, complementing her tan skin and dark locks - but it is a colour many royals have worn in the past to important engagement. Most notably, Kate Middleton and Princess Diana are known to have favoured the colour - often wearing deresses in the hue. Most recently, the Duchess of Cambridge wore a pale blue dress to the Royal Family's Easter Sunday service two weeks ago. It was an Emilia Wickstead coat dress, featuring long sleeves and a cinched waist, that Kate had worn previously in 2017. Princess Diana also wore a lot of pale blue dresses, her most iconic one being a chiffon, floor-length gown she donned for the 1987 Cannes Film Festival. Designed by royal favourite Catherine Walker, the dress was sleeeveless and came with a thin scarf, which Diana slung around her neck. Interestingly, Kate copied this chiffon look for hear appearance at the BAFTA Brits to Watch event in 2011 - but in a different colour. The Duchess' dress was in a pale lavender hue and was by iconic British brand Alexander McQueen. Yesterday, fans were quick to comment on - and praise - Princess Mary's look on social media. Instagram user @pamascarenhas said: "Wonderful." User @isabelq42 wrote: "Gorgeous! She looks stunning. I love this dress. And wow can she rock a cape dress! Classic, chic, timeless." User @elamjen added: "Stunning."