WARNING: The following article contains spoilers from Stranger Things season four. Steve Harrington (played by Joe Keery) was sucked into the Upside Down when he discovered a gateway into the other world in Lovers Lake. When he landed, he was attacked by demonic bats and the vines which support Vecna. It looked as though he could die at the end of episode six however, Nancy (Natalia Dyer) followed him into the Upside Down and helped rescue him. Episode seven opened with Nancy, Robin (Maya Hawke) and newcomer Eddie (Joseph Quinn) fight the bat-like creatures to help Steve escape. As he stood up to assess the damage from the attack, Steve commented they’d taken “a pound of flesh” from his torso. Unfortunately he didn’t have much time to look at his other injuries as the foursome fled to the forest to escape the bats as more were on their way. Once they made it to the forest, Nancy looked at his injury and ripped part of her jumper off to stem the bleeding. READ MORE: BBC star in bias row after false claim over death of cleaner Steve was grateful for Nancy’s help and Eddie insisted he should take her actions as a sign not to give up on them reuniting romantically. While it seems Steve’s injuries have been taken care of, fans are fearful he will in fact have an infection and die in the remaining episodes of season four. Fans feared Robin’s concerns he may have rabies would be true and Steve would die before he could tell Nancy how he really feels. Reddit user Snoo5892 asked: “What if steve's infection increases and he dies?” This seemed to be a concern for many fans as Anneso23 replied: “I hope not but I wouldn't be surprised. I hate if he dies but hopefully it will happen in S5 and not in the last 2 episodes. I want Joe to be in the final season.” Sparking further concern, user Dancingskeletonman86 posted: “Right. I'm worried. Like notice when the gang shows up to Eddie’s upside down trailer location he gets off his bike and coughs a bit while slowing down and nobody else does. “Now maybe that is just my worry wart nature to notice that and it means nothing. But dude this is tv land and on tv land when a character starts coughing and slowing down like that suddenly but no one else does....uh oh. “Could be bad. I'm legit kind worried for our boy now.” DONT MISS...Stranger Things’ Max star Sadie Sink pens sweet tribute to cast [LATEST]Stranger Things: Who is Vecna and how is he linked to Victor Creel? [EXPLAINER]Stranger Things season 4 part 1 ending explained: Does Steve die? [EXPLAINER] They continued: “I’m with Robin on the rabies things or some sort of supernatural rabies. “Why was he coughing kind of like how Will and the others who had really bad contact with the upside down coughed?” Fortunately, it seems Steve will survive until season five as he teased it will be “chaotic”. He said of the final series: “I think it’s going to be bedlam. “There are a lot of plotlines to close. “I have my own hopes for next season, but I think the Duffers are most focused on the emotional payoff. “I’ve got ultimate faith in those guys. I think they’re top-notch and cannot be beat.” Stranger Things seasons 1-4, part 1, are available to stream on Netflix now.