Your feet may be clean when you step out of the bath or shower, but are they clean when you step in? All of that filth will accumulate in greater quantities because bathroom rugs are not vacuumed like other rugs in your home. In addition, the warm, humid air that is common in this room will combine with those wet footprints that you leave behind. The result is mats that are a breeding ground for everything from mould to fungi, bacteria, and more. In many bathrooms, these mats may get foot traffic from shoes and pets that track in a wide range of mucky materials as well. Rikki Fothergill, expert at online bathroom specialist Big Bathroom Shop explained that bath mats are often forgotten about when homeowners clean their bathrooms. She said: “Unfortunately, bath mats are a breeding ground for bacteria due to the amount of time they spend moist. “10 percent of Britons admitted to only cleaning their bath mat once a month. “Between everyone in a household using the shower it is hard for them to properly dry out, also bacteria thrives in a humid bathroom. “A clear sign your bath mat is in need of some attention is if there is discolouration or black marks.” READ MORE: Cleaning: How to remove yellow pillow stains - ‘easiest way’ She suggested: “Shaking out the mat to remove dust and hair to stop the washing machine from becoming clogged before washing every week.” Before you toss any bathroom rugs into the washing machine, you should take a moment to read the care instructions on the label. There are a wide range of rugs that may be made out of everything from cotton to chenille, microfibre material and more. Some rugs are backed by non-slip rubber or plastic material, and this can impact the care recommendations as well. Some materials should only be washed by hand. DON'T MISS: Weeding tips: ‘Fast and effective way’ to kill ‘stubborn’ weeds [TIPS]Gardening tips: ‘Best time of day’ to water your garden plants [INSIGHT]Pruning tips: Always ‘remember the 3 D’s’ when pruning all plants [EXPERT] Unless the care instructions read otherwise, you may be able to choose between using liquid laundry detergent or white vinegar as your cleanser. Julieanne, cleaning expert at Cleanzen, advised cleaning bath mats in the bath as a “convenient way” to wash them. She said: “A convenient way to wash the rugs is to fill the bottom of a bathroom with a combination of warm water and your preferred cleaning agent. “Once the rug is completely immersed in the tub, use a soft-bristle brush to gently agitate the fibres so that the debris and particles are removed. “Keep in mind that scrubbing harshly can cause irreparable damage. “When the rug is cleaned to your satisfaction, use fresh water to rinse it thoroughly.” Then allow the mat ample time to dry in a clean space. Those who have space available and weather conditions permit, drying it in the sunshine may be a good option. If you have a teak or bamboo bath mat, avoid using bleach or other harsh chemicals. The expert continued: “In many cases, the best way to clean these floor coverings is with a soft-bristle brush, water, and a safe cleaning agent. If your bath mat is machine-washable, the cleaning pro suggests following the instructions for the water temperature setting and washing them separately from the rest of the laundry. Julieanne said: “Even though your bath rugs may get wet frequently, the fibres may still be loaded with dyes that can bleed onto other materials in the washing machine. “With this in mind, it is a good idea to wash rugs that are similar in colour together and to wash them separately from your other laundry. “Before tossing the rugs in the dryer, refer back to the care instructions. “Some rugs have clear instructions to use a no-heat or tumble setting.”