Tottenham are now set to intensify their pursuit of a near-perfect Antonio Conte signing in the form of Eintracht Frankfurt stalwart Filip Kostic. The 29-year-old is entering the final 12 months of his contract in the Bundesliga, where he has become a household name courtesy of his relentless performances on the left flank for this season's Europa League winners. Kostic struck twice for Frankurt in their 3-2 quarter-final win at Barcelona to firmly put his name in this summer's shop window. And truth be told, it's quite remarkable that - until now - no Premier League club has ever seriously considered a move for the Serbian international, who has now emerged as a target for Tottenham. He has been a lethal weapon at wing-back for Frankfurt for several seasons and is considered to be one of the most consistent performers in the Bundesliga. Inter Milan and Lazio both came close to securing a deal last summer but now Spurs are set to firm up their interest as part of their plan to bring in six new signings for Conte. READ MORE: Pau Torres picks between Man Utd and Tottenham transfer as 'both clubs offer £45m' Fraser Forster is set to become the first of several new additions upon the expiry of his Southampton contract and Kostic would be the ideal signing to continue an impressive and promising start to Tottenham's business. His non-stop energy and industry on the left is exactly what Spurs have been missing at times this season, despite the impressive emergence of Ryan Sessegnon. Given Conte has always operated with a back-three, Kostic is already expertly accustomed to the Italian's style of football. Eintracht have also regularly played with wing-backs in recent seasons, providing Kostic with all the experience he needs for Spurs' tactical set-up. READ MORETottenham 'in pole position' to sign top target Antonio Conte wants 'at all costs'Pau Torres' agents 'will travel to Manchester this week' to negotiate Man Utd transferLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp thanks Aston Villa during classy message to Man City He would be excellent competition for Sessegnon and help create that much-needed strength in depth that is required to compete on all fronts. Kostic has long been tipped to play under Conte or Thomas Tuchel after catching the eye in Frankfurt's run to the Europa League semi-finals in 2019, when they were beaten by Chelsea on penalties. His dynamism and shooting ability would provide Tottenham with a huge attacking threat from the left, particularly behind Son Heung-min. The Serb's qualities fit Conte's football like a glove and what makes this deal even more appealing for Tottenham is that Kostic could be available on the cheap. Reports suggest Eintracht would be willing to consider bids as low as £13m this summer to avoid losing the player on a free transfer in 12 months' time. Together with Forster, the pair might not necessarily jump out at you as statement signings but they're quietly improving the options within Conte's ranks. Furthermore, saving money on a wing-back will also help Spurs financially in their pursuit of recruiting high-profile signings. Forster is of course arriving on a free and Kostic could hypothetically be secured for a fee under £15m, so wages aside, Spurs are shopping smartly at minimal cost. With Juventus also seemingly keen, it's no given that a move for Kostic materialises but so far, the signs look seriously promising.