Britons will get an extra bank holiday to celebrate The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. If the weather’s good, it could be the perfect time to head out on a walk. Which? Travel surveyed almost 2,000 of its members to find the UK’s best walks that don’t take more than a day to complete. The Botallack Mine Walk in Cornwall is an easy walk which was rated particularly highly for peace and quiet. A Which? spokesperson said: “This short and straightforward walk, takes you through the relics of Cornwall’s industrial past and into its conservation-conscious present. “Where the cliff was once blackened by the dust and smoke of mining, there now lies heathland and rare flowers.” READ MORE: Britain’s dirtiest beach is Lancashire hotspot - full list The Worcestershire Beacon Circuit takes in the Malvern Hills in a gentle route with stunning views. The spokesperson said: “Rather than going to the top of the Worcestershire Beacon, the highest peak in the Malvern Hills range, this gentler route circumnavigates its lower slopers and provides panoramic views of the Worcestershire Plain, Severn Valley, the rolling hills of Herefordshire and distant Black Mountains. “Refill your water bottle en route at one of numerous springs, it’s purified by percolation through fissures in the ancient rocks.” Rhossili was the best rated walk in Wales and takes hikers on a trail above the world-class beach. The spokesperson said: “This short, circular route takes you along the clifftop, passing the remains of an Iron Age fort and a 12th-century open field strip system known as The Vile. “Below is the four-mile stretch of beach with the remains of a shipwreck revealed at low tide, the dramatic promontory, Worms Head, and the sparkling sea, which in the summer is peppered with surfers bobbing in the waves like seals.” Rhossili Headland was given five out of five stars for scenery by Which? members. This stretch of the Fife Coastal Path was rated as the best walk in Scotland in the Which? Travel survey. The spokesperson said: “The Fife Coastal Path knits together a string of fishing villages, each one a tumble of cobbled alleyways and whitewashed cottages. “This section is the most popular, starting at the former herring port, Anstuther, before heading off along rocky shores with views across the Firth of Forth to the Isle of May and Bass Rock.” The route is easily navigable by following the coast and was rated highly for peace and quiet by Which? members. Britons looking for a longer route could try this pretty walk in Norfolk which stretches around 7.5 miles. A spokesperson said: “Starting in Wells, this easy and fairly flat route, will take you past golden sand dunes, a bustling harbour and through tall pine trees in woodland. “Once half-way, the mile-long beach is ideal for a picnic lunch and dip in the sea before looping back to Wells.” The route was given four out of five stars for food and drink and Britons could enjoy a well-earned fish and chips at the end of their walk.