Lewis Hamilton has ‘inner peace’ which is helping him to work with Mercedes to solve the issue with their new car, according to David Coulthard. The driver turned Channel 4 pundit has insisted Hamilton has also had plenty of success which is ‘enabling him’ to work on fixing the problems. According to GPFans, Coulthard said: “I never operated at Lewis' level but I always wanted more. Whatever the team would bring, if you had to juggle chainsaws and sing the national anthem backwards, if that gave you a tenth [of a second] then you would learn how to do it. "With Lewis, he has inner peace. He has had all that success, so that is enabling him to, not enjoy what is happening right now, but work with the team in trying to solve it." Hamilton has been unable to get the best from his Mercedes this season with two poor results. The seven-time champion finished just 10th in Saudi Arabia and 13th at the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix at Imola. It leaves the Briton seventh in the standings and more than 50 points behind current drivers’ leader Charles Leclerc. READ MORE: Button disagrees with Hamilton over FIA's future plans for F1 Meanwhile, team-mate George Russell has performed a lot better with four successive top-five finishes this season. The Mercedes rookie has scored almost double the number of points than Hamilton and lies fourth in the standings. Coulthard said Russell was pouncing on his ‘big opportunity’ in the team and praised his ‘youthful energy’. But, the former McLaren and Red Bull star claimed the Silver Arrows may not be back towards the front this season. Coulthard added: “[Russell’s] bright-eyed and bushy-tailed. This is his big opportunity and that youthful energy will carry him through the next year or so as Mercedes make their comeback. DON'T MISSHamilton told F1 going through 'generational change' amid Mercedes woe [INSIGHT]Damon Hill explains 'massive carrot' dangling in front of Toto Wolff [COMMENT]Miami GP track fears raised which could Lewis Hamilton and Verstappen [ANALYSIS] "They will be back but it's a question of 'Will it be this year?'" Mercedes are expected to bring some minor upgrades to the Miami GP this weekend. The team's first big set of developments are predicted to be introduced at the Spanish Grand Prix at the end of May. However, some pundits have predicted Hamilton may be undergoing extra development with the car this season which may explain his poor results. Damon Hill added: “I think Lewis has been a little unlucky, has been delving around and has been happy to play the guy who tries the experimental set-up for Mercedes a bit because he has got more experience with them. So, perhaps he has gone the wrong way sometimes and that has made him look worse off than he is against George.”