No further action will be taken against Ronnie O'Sullivan, World Snooker Tour officials have confirmed, after drama in his World Championship final victory over Judd Trump. Match referee Olivier Marteel issued a formal warning to O'Sullivan in the eighth frame of the contest, which The Rocket eventually won 18-13. Marteel adjudged O'Sullivan to have made an obscene gesture after he had missed a shot and a World Snooker Tour statement read: "Ronnie O'Sullivan received a formal warning from the referee following a gesture he made in the eighth frame." O'Sullivan was furious at the suggestion he made a gesture and jabbed a figure in the Belgian official's direction while saying: "You saw nothing. Go and look at your camera. You saw nothing. Don't start. Go check your cameras." But no follow-up action will be taken, the WST have confirmed. Marteel had refused to repeat the gesture that he believed O'Sullivan to have made. The Rocket later accused the referee of "looking for trouble" in an interview with Eurosport. He said: "I just get a vibe from the guy. They have hundreds of cameras out there. They can go and check them all. Slow-motion them down. "I will let the ref talk to you but I'm not going to have any of it – because I just think he is trying to create something. I don't know. He needs to deal with it. Not me." The incident was one of several between O'Sullivan and Marteel. There was another in the fourth frame when the now seven-time world champion was unhappy with where the cue ball had been replaced on the table after a foul. Trump even got out of his chair to inspect the position of the ball. The pair also had a run-in on Monday when O'Sullivan refused to lift up his cue off the table as Marteel inspected a re-spot of the white ball, with the referee forced to duck underneath to get a close-up view. Despite not being investigated for an apparent gesture in the final, O'Sullivan has been referred to the sport's disciplinary committee over another allegedly lewd gesture in his first-round victory against David Gilbert. After missing a shot on the black in the 13th frame of his 10-5 victory, TV cameras caught the 46-year-old seemingly making a rude gesture with one hand. The clip was shared on social media including by fellow pro Matthew Selt, who is good friends with losing finalist Trump. He sarcastically wrote: "What an ambassador." WST head of media Ivan Hirschowitz said to Eurosport of the incident: "We are aware of the incident and it has been referred to the WPBSA disciplinary committee." O'Sullivan meanwhile became the oldest ever Crucible champion after beating Trump on Monday night. He said after: "That is probably my greatest result I've ever had, against somebody like Judd. I don't know if it's a good idea but we'll probably go again [for world title number eight] next year."