Manchester United's incoming manager Erik ten Hag has been warned that the impending appointment of Steve McClaren onto his backroom staff could prove to be a "disaster". Former Crystal Palace chairman Simon Jordan has questioned why Ten Hag would want to bring in the former England boss. McClaren was one of Sir Alex Ferguson's several assistant managers during his illustrious career as United manager. He left Old Trafford to become a manager himself and enjoyed success at Middlesbrough. But Jordan claims every club, or indeed country, McClaren has been at since has suffered with his arrival. He said on talkSPORT: “Steve McClaren is a very pleasant guy but I have watched him at every club he’s attached himself to over the last 10 years. "It has been a disaster and I think his day has been and gone. Look at the contributions to the clubs he’s been at; whether its Derby County or Newcastle or whether it’s Nottingham Forest. READ MORE: Liverpool's triple transfer plan hints at new direction under Edwards successor  "They’ve all been situations that have never worked out well. I think some of the things he says are not the most intuitive. "I think once upon a time he was a very good coach under an outstanding manager at Manchester United and he did have his moment in the sun at Middlesbrough, where he did a reasonable job there.” McClaren managed FC Twente in Holland on two occasions between 2008 and 2010, and 2012 and 2013. His knowledge of the Dutch game is thought to have had an impact on Ten Hag bringing him back to United. But Jordan has warned the 61-year-old United are nowhere near the club he left 21 years ago. He added: “Of course he's managed in Dutch football so there might be a reason for his involvement. DON'T MISSArsenal 'lead the race' for Nahuel Molina as Mikel Arteta adds fifth player to wishlist [RUMOUR]Arsenal expected XI vs Newcastle as Arteta risks two stars after Tottenham win [TEAM NEWS]Man City boss Guardiola issues request to Southampton vs Liverpool after West Ham draw [INTERVIEW]  "You’re bringing a Dutch manager into the football club, he’s [McClaren] managed in Holland, understands the mentality, also understands Manchester United – once upon a time. This is not the Manchester United that Steve McClaren was fortunate enough to be involved in, this is a different Manchester United, they need a different particular fix. “I look at Steve McClaren and I think, there is nothing about you and what you say and what you’ve done in the last 10 years of your management career. Whether it’s bouncing from Nottingham Forest or Derby to Queens Park Rangers and Newcastle; the things you’ve said and the teams that you’ve produced and the selections that you’ve made and the advice that you’ve given, have all been in my view, poor. “So I don’t know what they base this current recruitment of Steve McClaren on. FC Twente are not Manchester United."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here