  Lorraine Kelly "looks better now" than she did decades ago, according to ITV star Richard Arnold, 52, who was speaking about how they'd changed over the years. The Good Morning Britain presenter spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about how he and Lorraine, 62, “look better now” than they did years ago while speaking at the Ideal Home Show, in partnership with NatWest.     Richard has been the Entertainment Editor on ITV’s Good Morning Britain since 2014 and has been working in showbiz for over two decades. He previously worked for the channel’s predecessor GMTV, first starting out as a TV critic there in 1997. Lorraine helped launch GMTV back in 1993 and has also stayed with ITV over the years, continuing her self-titled show Lorraine under the new format. Reflecting on how it’s been working for the channel over many years, Richard said: “Well, I've seen a lot of changes, and my makeup isn't quite as orange as it used to be when we did GMTV, which wasn't altogether flattering.      “I think what I find extraordinary - and it's like being in a soap opera in many respects… “When you see archived footage of you, if they play an old clip from when you were younger, you don't think that you've got any older necessarily. “But then when you see a picture of yourself when you first started out with frosted tips… “You just think, ‘Oh my goodness me, we really have all been through an awful long time together!’" he added.    Speaking about his time with Lorraine on the channel, he continued: “Lorraine and I always joke about the fact that surely we look better now than we did back then. “Even though we're getting older now!” he added with a laugh. Richard went on to discuss how he felt to be Entertainment Editor at ITV, decades on from where he first started. “I’m just lucky to still be there clinging on like a cat to a curtain and enjoying waking the nation up every morning,” he said.       “I mean, that is a real privilege and they’re a real touchstone for us and particularly recently. “Obviously, to be there at the unprecedented time that we've all been through collectively as a nation,” he continued. “It's been great to have that contact with the viewers, and now more than ever,” he said in reference to the Coronavirus pandemic. Elsewhere in the interview, Richard gushed about his job on Good Morning Britain.      “I think we're very lucky to do the job that we do,” he said. “And I'm lucky to work with a team, a family of players for as long as I have. “It’s a great honour to actually still be going in and just chatting to people at home. Sometimes I forget. “I think I'm in my own living room at home and I'm just chatting away," he admitted. The Ideal Home Show, in partnership with NatWest, the world’s longest-running home and interiors exhibition, will return to Olympia London next spring from 17th March to 2nd April 2023. For more information and tickets, please visit idealhomeshow.co.uk.   