Riders of e-scooters have been urged to keep up to date with the laws and regulations surrounding e-scooters or risk receiving a hefty fine and even a prison sentence. A recent study found that e-scooters are five times safer than bicycles, but that does not give riders the right to break laws and regulations. With that in mind, experts at GoodByeCar investigated the UK laws around e-bikes and e-scooters. E-scooters and e-bikes have completely separate regulations from normal bicycles covering them. Electrically-powered bikes and scooters fall under the same laws as motor vehicles. This, according to experts, means that drivers can face punishments such as: READ MORE: Motorway driver spotted with sofa and chair hanging out of car DON'T MISS Martin Lewis shows drivers how to save money on airport parking [ADVICE] Motorists risk 'serious fines' simply for driving on the motorway [WARNING] MPs dismiss calls to lower fuel prices despite massive driver demand [REVEAL] Additionally, riding an e-scooter or an e-bike under the influence of drugs or alcohol will receive the same punishment as those driving a car under the influence. This could land riders a prison sentence, a driving ban, and a hefty fine. Riders have also been urged not to drive carelessly. While riding an e-scooter, behaviours such as tailgating and dangerous overtaking could be considered an offence by The Highway Code.  Other offences include: using the wrong lane at a roundabout, overtaking on the left side of the lane, eating or drinking while riding, weaving through traffic, and smoking. Doing any of the above could result in up to nine penalty points, a substantial fine, and a driving ban. To be eligible to ride an e-scooter, drivers must either have the category Q, AM, A, or B entitlement on their full or provisional license. If they are banned from driving, then drivers are ineligible to ride an e-scooter and can face prison time and a large fine.  Just like driving a car, riders are forbidden from using their phones. This is even if they are at a red light or in standstill traffic. If riders need to use their phone, they should pull over where it is safe, and get off the bike or scooter. If riders are caught using their phone while riding, they can face a £1,000 fine and a driving ban. Riding e-scooters and e-bikes on pavements is also an offence (this applies to all powered transporters).