After stepping down from royal duties in 2020, Harry, 37, and Meghan, 40, pursued a number of opportunities that may not have been available to them while still serving the Crown. The couple waded in on political matters and gave speeches about subjects like vaccine equity – which appeared to distance the couple from their royal image. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex also signed deals with Netflix and Spotify, which many speculated as seeing them move toward a Hollywood and more celebrity-style approach for their brand. During their time together the couple had been involved in the acting world, the royal world, and the philanthropy circuit and appeared to be making the A-list inner circle their next target. However, Cele Otnes, co-author of Royal Fever: The British Monarchy in Consumer Culture claims the couple aren’t “relevant” to the social circles they may have been pursuing after quitting royal duties. The professor of marketing who specialises in how the Royal Family brands themselves claims there were “two telling moments” that signified their lack of relevance. One of which was the 60th birthday bash for former US president Barack Obama which was held last summer. The other was the 94th Academy Awards ceremony which she claims would have been Meghan’s “deal” owing to her career as an actress. Ms Otnes told Express.co.uk: “They're not really the power couple they thought. “I think there are two telling moments for that - one they weren't invited to Barack Obama's 60th birthday party, that huge thing had in Massachusetts. “And two, I don't believe they were invited to the Academy Awards, which for Megan would be her, you know, deal. “So they're really, for the circles they want to be in, and I don't think they're that relevant.” READ MORE: Meghan and Harry SNUBBED after inviting Sadiq Khan to California home The former president’s birthday bash took place in August last year, and hundreds of former Obama administration officials, celebrities and Democratic donors were all on the guest list. Celebrity couples including Chrissy Teigen and John Legend were photographed arriving ahead of the party at the family's Martha's Vineyard property. Royal commentator Camilla Tominey wrote in the Telegraph at the time "It was thought that the newly California-based couple would be shoo-ins at Obama's 60th, as prominent "progressives" and new-found members of the U.S. metropolitan liberal elite." However, the couple was not pictured among those attending. Speculation arose about whether they were invited or not after the guest list was scaled back amid a surge in Covid-19 cases caused by the Delta variant. DON'T MISS Adorable Isla dresses as Queen to visit care homes for Jubilee [PICTURES] Charles will 'have to keep quiet' about passion project to succeed [REVEAL] Queen wants royal family around her after refusing to condemn Harry [REPORT] While the Obamas may have invited them, it is entirely possible the couple may have declined the invitation after they weren’t pictured at the event. However royal biographer Angela Levin told The Sun: "Harry and Meghan were never even on the original list.” The couple were also not among those attending the Oscars when the ceremony took place in March. Their presence at the ceremony may have been deemed controversial especially as Harry and Meghan noted that they would not be attending the memorial service for Prince Philip which took place two days later. The couple cited security concerns as their reasoning for not making the trip to the UK to join the Royal Family at Westminster Abbey for the occasion. At the time, the Daily Beast said their appearance at the Oscars would give their critics ammunition to say that they are “choosing Hollywood glam over family responsibilities.” The couple also failed to get an invite to the Beckham wedding where Brooklyn Beckham tied the knot with Nicola Peltz in LA on April 9. Heatworld quotes a source as saying: “To be honest, they’ve failed to break into any Hollywood circles. They had hoped to become part of the elite, with friends such as….the Obamas and the Clooneys, but they can’t seem to get a foot in the door. "There’s a reason you’re not seeing them front and centre at Hollywood dinners and events – and it’s not by choice. “They thought the invites would come thick and fast when they moved to California, but the truth is, they’ve ended up being quite isolated.” Since moving to the US the couple have only returned to the UK together once, after they made a stopover to visit the Queen last month ahead of the Invictus Games. Harry has made two other trips to the UK without Meghan in tow. The couple will be joined by their two children next month though for Her Majesty’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations.