Alec Baldwin, 64, has paid a heartfelt tribute to his mother, Carol, after she died today aged 92. The Hollywood actor took to Instagram to share the sad news with his 2.4 million followers. Alec described his mother as “a fighter and a champion” as he praised her for her accomplishments. He uploaded a collage of two pictures featuring his late mother, consisting of an old photograph alongside a recent one. In the lengthy caption, Alec shared the statement issued by his family in honour of the mother-of-six. The statement read: “Carol M. Baldwin, mother of actors Alec, Daniel, William and Stephen Baldwin and two daughters, Elizabeth and Jane, died today in Syracuse, New York. She was 92. “Born Carol Newcomb Martineau, in Syracuse on December 15, 1929, she was the child of Roy and Marion Martineau and had one brother, Daniel, and five sisters, Patricia, Joan, Diane, Louise and Rebecca.” The message added how Carol met her future husband, Alexander R Baldwin Jr, also known as Alec, while both attended Syracuse University. In 1954, the couple uprooted to Long Island where Alec died in 1983 at age 55. The statement also revisited Carol’s achievements in breast cancer research and support after battling the disease herself. It read: “In 1991, she was diagnosed with breast cancer. After she survived, she joined with a group of Long Island-wide breast cancer support groups to launch an effort with SUNY Stony Brook. “With the support of the university’s then president, Shirley Strum Kenny, the Carol M Baldwin Breast Cancer Research Fund was opened on the campus at Stony Brook. “Another chapter was started some years later in cooperation with SUNY Upstate University. “The combined efforts have raised millions of dollars for the cause.” DON'T MISS...Andy Fletcher dead: Depeche Mode founding member dies aged 60 [LATEST] Kate Moss says Johnny Depp 'didn't push me' [UPDATE]Rebekah Vardy's future 'in tatters' after ‘complete disaster’ trial [INSIGHT] Alec also included a separate statement he issued paying tribute to his mother. He said: “My mother taught me about second acts. And third ones, too. “She spent the last 25 years of her life as a fighter and a champion for the cause to which she devoted so much energy. “We are all enormously proud of her accomplishments.” Alec received an outpouring of support from fans, who took to the post’s comments section to send their condolences. Saleah_kopera said: “So sorry for your loss. Deepest condolences. May she RIP. God Bless.” Nancyatlas commented: “Alec I am so very sorry. Your mother was truly inspiring in the joy she brought to life and her battle with Breast Cancer. “I am sending you and your entire family condolences and my deepest sympathy.” (sic)