La Liga have issued a scathing statement demanding action against Paris Saint-Germain after Kylian Mbappe opted to pen a lucrative new contract with the French giants. The Frenchman turned down another seismic offer from Real Madrid and has now committed his future to PSG until the summer of 2025. Real Madrid have been pursuing Mbappe for over a year and saw numerous bids rebuffed by PSG last summer. The Spanish giants were reportedly confident of snapping up the former Monaco starlet for nothing on a pre-contract agreement in the coming weeks - but Mbappe has performed a late U-turn and will be remaining with the French champions. Just before Mbappe's bumper new deal was formally confirmed, La Liga released a stunning statement demanding that UEFA take action against PSG in order to defend the 'sustainability' of European football. The statement read: "LaLiga wishes to state that this type of agreement attacks the economic stability of European football, putting at risk hundreds of thousands of jobs and the integrity of the sport, not only in European competitions, but also in domestic leagues. READ MORE: Everton could face Premier League investigation as Leeds and Burnley raise FFP concerns "It is scandalous that a club like PSG, which last season reported losses of more than 220 million euros after accumulating losses of more than 700 million euros in prior seasons (while reporting sponsorship income at doubtful valuation), with a squad cost around 650 million for this season, can close such an agreement, while those clubs that could afford the hiring of the player without seeing their wage bill compromised, are left without being able to sign him. "LaLiga will file a complaint against PSG before UEFA, the French administrative and fiscal authorities and European Union authorities to continue to defend the economic ecosystem of European football and its sustainability." Not content with issuing with an official statement, La Liga president Javier Tebas took aim at PSG president Nasser Al-Khelaifi - and even claimed that the PSG chief "is as dangerous" as the previously proposed European Super League. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'have three signings on table' as Erik ten Hag transfer budget revealedNottingham Forest fan Robert Biggs jailed for 24 weeks for Billy Sharp headbuttGabriel Jesus 'decides stance' on Arsenal transfer without Champions League football An irate Tebas tweeted: "What PSG is going to do by renewing Mbappe with large amounts of money (to know where and how he pays them) after € in recent seasons and having more than 600M € in salary, is an INSULT to football. [PSG president, Nasser] Al-Khelaifi is as dangerous as the Super League." PSG have been desperate to prevent Mbappe - who joined the club in a €180m (£152m) deal back in 2017 - from walking away from the club when his contract expired at the end of June. And the 23-year-old confirmed he was staying put in front of the club's fans at the Parc des Princes before their final match of the season against Metz on Saturday evening. Mbappe said: "I am very happy to stay at PSG in France. I always said Paris is my home, I hope we continue to play football and win trophies together. Thanks for everything. I hope that I will continue to do what I prefer to with you all… and win titles together! Thanks a lot."