The regional Government of the Balearic Islands, which includes Majorca, Menorca and Ibiza, and the shipping companies have signed an agreement following two years of talks, which limits the number of cruise ships allowed in the island. The document states that from 2022, only three cruise ships are allowed to arrive in Palma on the same day. In addition, only one of them may have a capacity of more than 5,000 passengers. This translates to only one mega cruise ship and two smaller ships allowed in Palma de Mallorca on the same day, which means a huge reduction in the number of stopovers that will also affect the number of visitors. What do you think? Join the debate in the comments section below READ MORE: Flight attendant explains 'how to ask' for free upgrade - 'I'd give' A spokesperson for the Balearic Island Government explained: "The Government and the main shipping companies in the world that operate in the Balearic Islands have signed this afternoon in Palma the document that includes all the aspects agreed upon last December in Hamburg and that represents a historic collaboration with the sector to achieve a effective regulation in the arrival of cruise ships to the Balearic Islands. "In this way, the islands are defined as the second destination in the Mediterranean - the first was Dubrovnik - to achieve a commitment of this type, which is already being effective this year, in which the port of Palma will manage to flatten the peaks of activity." The Government and the shipping companies, however, agreed to set a series of exception days. From 2023, there will be no more exceptional days, and the maximum number of agreed cruises per day cannot be exceeded. Additionally, the new rule also states that the 8,500 daily cruise passengers can never be exceeded. The agreement has been signed by companies such as TUI & MARELLA, Royal Caribbean Group, Costa Group, MSC Crociere, Virgin Voyages, NCL, Carnival UK and Yacht Collection and Compagnie Du Ponant. Green campaigners have been asking for the ban on megacruises in Mallorca for a long time accusing the Government of breaching its limit rule. The Platform against Megacruises explained huge ships have "strong environmental impacts, on health, economic and social on the city". President of the Government, Francina Armengol said: "The key is balance, with the objective of fleeing from overcrowding and respecting the residents." Tourism chief, Fernando Valdés added: "The Balearic Islands are once again a pioneer with an initiative that will surely inspire other destinations. "These measures are the result of dialogue and collaboration between the two parties involved, who understand that better management of cruise passengers who disembark in Palma benefits the quality of the tourist experience and also the well-being of the resident." The cruise tourism contributes more than 500million euros (around £427,525million) to the Balearic Islands annually and generates more than 4,000 jobs. Additional reporting from Rita Sobot