The shortened sixth season of Outlander has been a change of pace since it returned from its lengthy delay through two years of the Covid pandemic. Comprised of just eight episodes and largely set in the single location of Fraser’s Ridge, even the Diana Gabaldon-inspired series’ most devoted viewers were rather let down by Starz’s curtain call on its latest offering. The fate of Claire Fraser (played by Caitriona Balfe) was once again left in the capable hands of her husband, Jamie Fraser (Sam Heughan), by the end of the latest episode of Outlander. After a violent altercation with Richard Brown (Chris Larkin) over the murder of Malva Christie (Jessica Reynolds), Claire is taken hundreds of miles away to a prison in Wilmington. There she awaits trial and could face the death penalty if Malva’s real murderer isn’t found in time. Meanwhile, Jamie narrowly escapes his own death by Richard’s men thanks to a last-minute rescue from Young Ian (John Bell) and Chief Bird (Glen Gould). READ MORE: Here We Go star Alison Steadman recalls 'weird feeling' on-set After a mixed bag of a sixth season, Outlander fans weren’t quite sure if the last eight hours of the series were worth the two-year wait. On Reddit, user BeyondEarthly complained: “Season six is just, meh. Absolutely nothing worth noting and to be honest, I didn't even realise episode eight was the season finale. “If I were to rewatch the series, and skip this season, I wouldn't be missing anything important.” rose_catlander exclaimed: “Just eight episodes? There's still like a third of the book missing! So disappointed.” And pitypartie added: “I'm so conflicted on this season, but in the grand scheme of things I kind of hate to say that I'm more disappointed than entertained by this season.” Thelemon213 also said: “I liked the episode, and I know they had written it to be a part of a normal length season, but it did not feel like a finale to me. “I kinda wish that this episode had been episode seven and episode eight was the resolution.” Ending a season of television with a huge cliffhanger like Claire’s imprisonment isn’t out of the ordinary, but many viewers were clearly expecting more loose ends to be tied up in the season finale. DON'T MISS:Grace and Frankie: Jane and Lily’s next project confirmed [INSIGHT]Gemma Whelan lists conditions for returning to Game of Thrones [INTERVIEW]BBC Breakfast blasted over ‘poor’ Sturgeon interview [REACTION] While Outlander fans were treated to plenty of action, and a steamy yet divisive sex scene for Roger (Richard Rankin) and Brianna (Sophie Skelton), they’re still no closer to uncovering the identity of Malva’s killer. Plus, there have still been no further glimpses of the mysterious stranger who was whistling a tune from the First World War. Having hopped around time and ventured across Europe and the Caribbean, Jamie and Claire have finally settled in Fraser’s Ridge, their cosy homestead in North Carolina. Unfortunately, the minimal location and considerably lower stakes have made the latest season a rather lacklustre affair for some fans. However, lessilina394 was more complementary, writing: “As someone who has been mercilessly ragging on this season, this was the best episode in the past two, maybe even three, seasons. Just a big, fat YES.” And Shibamom11113 defended the series, commenting: “This was overall disappointing, but I know Covid made it shorter and next season will be longer. “I was just so irritated with what felt like a purposeful drawing out of this episode with filler shots of the chuckwagon caravan and locals dancing jigs at night so it could end with the cliffhanger it ended with.” Thankfully, filming has already gotten started on an extended seventh season, which will both wrap up the events of the Christie affair as well as starting a brand new chapter for the Fraser clan. Outlander season 6 is available to watch on Starz in the USA and StarzPlay in the UK.