Gary Neville has urged Liverpool to sign Christian Eriksen, who he branded "unbelievable". Eriksen spent the first six months of the season on the sidelines after suffering a cardiac arrest in Denmark's first game of Euro 2020. But he then became a revelation at Brentford after joining the Bees, becoming the driving force behind their survival battle. His contract at the Brentford Community Stadium expires at the end of June, making him one of the most attractive free agents on the market. Tottenham have been heavily linked with bringing the Dane back to the club, two years after he left for Inter Milan. But Neville believes that Liverpool should try to hijack that deal, pointing to Eriksen as the perfect alternative to Thiago. “I think Eriksen will get plucked by a big club. He might show loyalty (to Brentford) over what they have done for him. If you were any top-six club, that were looking at a midfield three, and you wanted a player to go in there and play 30 games for you in a squad-type (role)," Neville told The Overlap. READ MORE: Best and worst signings in the Premier League this season - Big Debate "He could play for Man City, Liverpool and for any club in the top-six. I am not saying starting every week. What Shaqiri was doing for Liverpool. If Liverpool are looking for a midfielder to come on for Thiago, say who gets injured a little bit, why would you not look at Eriksen? Look at him for two seasons to do a job for you. “He’s a brilliant pro. Great player. His quality on the ball is unbelievable – some of Eriksen’s passing in that game (v Man United) was out of this world. The problem with Spurs if he is going to play that system, with the two in midfield, it is an option – if Arsenal are going to play with a three – he could play for anyone in the top-six.” DON'T MISS: Klopp's 4-man Liverpool transfer wishlist hinges on Champions League (INSIGHT)Liverpool have absolutely nailed five transfer decisions in past year (ANALYSIS)Liverpool could repeat Jurgen Klopp transfer trick with three players (TRANSFERS) While he only scored one goal and notched four assists during his time at Brentford, he was key in keeping them in the Premier League. Brentford boss Thomas Frank remains keen to sign him to a long-term contract and has been hopeful that he will stay with the Bees. "I am convinced there is a good chance he can wear the Brentford shirt. Either he signs with us and everyone is going to be happy and the fans will build a statue of him outside the stadium in two or three years' time, or he goes to a bigger level and fans will applaud him and we will all say, 'Thank you for this time, go forward'," Frank said last week.