Wooden pallets are often very easy and cheap to get hold of, and are sometimes even given away for free. This is ideal for DIYers on a budget, looking to spruce up their garden. However, experts are warning Britons to check their palettes before use, as some could be treated with a “highly toxic colourless gas”. Twitter user @runningvanessa wrote: “Beware if you’re buying stuff being delivered on pallets. “A neighbour had spare pallets and hubby took them off them to make bird boxes with the wood but discovered the burnt-on MB stamp on the pallet. “Methyl Bromide was used to treat wood in India. This treatment was banned in the EU years ago but now it appears the stuff is back in circulation. “It is HIGHLY TOXIC so don’t touch them. Certainly don’t burn them or make them into bird boxes or compost bins.” READ MORE: How to sharpen your lawn mower blades - safest method The treatment for pallets was banned as far back as 2005, according to Universal Pallets, but the company is still hearing from people who have received MB stamped pallets from abroad. The experts said: “Methyl bromide is a highly toxic colourless gas. It used to be widely used as fumigant and pesticide for timber, soil and agriculture. “Pallets that have been fumigated with methyl bromide are stamped with ‘MB’.” It was banned in Europe back in 2005 because of its damaging effects on the environment. DON'T MISS:‘Household remedy’ to help remove ‘significant dirt’ from ovens [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘cheap as chips’ hack to get rid of fruit flies [EXPLAINER]Wallpaper: ‘Do’s and don’ts’ when DIYing to ‘do a room justice’ [EXPERT] The process was also found to pose health risks to the operatives applying the gas treatment. In 2010, the UK Health Protection Agency, now Public Health England, stated: “If exposed to methyl bromide, the potential adverse health effects that may occur depend on the way people are exposed and the amount to which they are exposed. “Inhalation of methyl bromide causes abdominal pain, headache, confusion, memory loss, dizziness, drowsiness, painful eyes and blurred or double vision. “In severe cases, kidney and liver damage, heart problems, fits and coma may occur. “Skin contact with liquid methyl bromide can cause redness and a feeling of pins and needles. Large amounts can cause blisters and burns, which can be delayed for several hours. “Methyl bromide can also be absorbed through the skin causing symptoms similar to those seen following inhalation exposure. “Eye contact with methyl bromide may cause irritation and burns.” Universal Pallets noted that the most significant health concerns surrounding the treatment are for the operatives applying the treatment. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea However, there may be residue traces of the treatment on MB stamped pallets. The experts continued: “Our advice is that whilst the residual risk of handling just one pallet may be slim, we would not use MB stamped pallets for craft projects and we would never burn these pallets on a fire.” One Twitter user known as FireBird said: “Thanks for the warning, I recently used mine…I hope they’re safe enough, lots of people making furniture out of them at the moment.” Another user, Paul Smith wrote: “They are highly toxic.”