Influencer Mrs Hinch became an Instagram sensation after she started sharing her cleaning tips and tricks on social media. Now, fans of the cleaning guru share their own hacks and recommendations on Facebook groups. Mrs Hinch fan and cleaning enthusiast Kay Lecia shared a trick to easily clean a washing machine using a dishwasher tablet. She said: "So I’ve been seeing the trick about putting dishwasher tablets through your washing machine to clean it out. "Well I’ve just tried it, five minutes in and the water is brown! Safe to say it works!!" The dishwasher tablet should be placed in an empty washing machine and for a short cycle at a very high temperature. READ MORE: Inside Harry's home shows 'Meghan's elegant minimalistic aesthetic'  Cleaning enthusiast Sophie Stuart asked: "How often should we be doing this...?" Kay Lecia replied saying "monthly but some people prefer weekly, so totally up to you". Many users who tried the trick described the method as "satisfying". Mrs Hinch fan Christine C Edwards said: "Wow....just wow...I didn't think much would happen, must admit I spent the whole wash just watching the water turn grey-brown. Top tip I will be sharing..."  Another group member, Rebecca Jane Gibbs, also shared her experience: "I did it! 90 wash and the water was brown. "Might do it again to see if it’s clean." Cleaning enthusiast Susan Miller said she had tried "two Finish dishwasher tablets in the machine on a 90 wash and the black on the door rubber is still there". Kay replied saying "the dishwasher tablets only really do the drum" and that "the seal and the drawer need to be done separately". To clean the rubber seal, group member Vixx Douglas recommended "wiping it out with a cloth". "That's what I did with mine!" Another one, Sandra Sanger, asked "how to clean the drawer... that's the worst part!!" Nicki Harvey shared her advice: "I take mine out and rinse in the sink under the hot tap and scrub the smaller parts with a toothbrush, then antibacterial wipes behind the drawer." The original poster, Kay, added: "I’m soooooo glad that my tip helped 98 percent of you. "Now you all have sparkly washing machines! "Makes me feel helpful."