Manchester United are 'falling down the pecking order' for top players in the transfer market, according to Teddy Sheringham, who believes Harry Kane is better off snubbing a move to Old Trafford to stay at Tottenham. While Cristiano Ronaldo has been banging in the goals on his return to United this season, the Red Devils are still expected to be in the market for a striker in the summer. Reports have linked Kane with a big-money move to Old Trafford after the striker failed to get his dream move to Manchester City last year. City baulked at Tottenham's £150million asking price with Kane forced to stay at Tottenham for another year. The transfer saga appeared to affect Kane's form in front of goal early in the campaign as he scored just once in his opening 13 Premier League games. His form soon picked up under Antonio Conte though and Kane has played a key role in helping Spurs move into the top four with one game remaining. Spurs need just a point against Norwich this weekend to secure Champions League football next season, while United are still battling to try and compete in the Europa League. Both teams are expected to be active in the transfer market bolstering their squads for next season. JUST IN: Ten Hag can make five game-changing Man Utd signings with £200m budget  But Sheringham doesn't think Kane should leave Tottenham to join Erik ten Hag at United. "If you were a United fan you’d wish that Kane joins," Sheringham told Genting Casino. "If Harry Kane made himself available, I think every club in the world would want him on their list. "Manchester United are falling down the pecking order for big players, but having said that, they are still a massive club, they’re still a massive draw. If they do come calling, it’ll be hard to turn them down. Even if they’re not in any European competitions next season, it would still be a very tough thing to say no to Manchester United. DON'T MISS  "I think it’s all about the managers that are going to be in charge and if you’re being led in the right manner. I think Ten Hag has a really tough job of steering the boat in the right direction being at Manchester United, I would say Tottenham have the better chance of winning trophies at the minute. I think Kane is more likely to win something at Tottenham with [Antonio] Conte in charge rather than at Manchester United at the moment." He added: "Yeah, I think Kane will stay at Spurs. He looks happy again, just going on body language and what his demeanour is like in and around the place. "He obviously had a four or five-month period where things were rocky but I see him back on form again now, enjoying his football, he looks like he’s happy to stay where he is."