Novak Djokovic has warned Andy Murray of a potential drubbing in their upcoming Madrid Open clash on Thursday, with the Serbian claiming his win over Gael Monfils on Tuesday was his "best performance of the year". The Belgrade-born star beat the Frenchman 6-3, 6-2 in the Spanish capital to set up a blockbuster tie against Murray. It will be the first time the duo have taken each other on in five years, when Djokovic took the spoils in a 6-3, 5-7, 6-4 final victory at the Qatar Open. And the world No 1 has issued a warning to Murray that it could be a non-contest, stating that his recent game against Monfils was the "best of his year so far". "I would probably rate it as the best performance of the year, I would say," Djokovic said. "I felt very good on the court. "I'm very pleased, considering, you know, that up to today I was not playing my best tennis in the few tournaments that I played this year and still kind of finding my rhythm, finding my groove." Murray, however, has taken a completely different career tangent since the meeting in Doha. Since his Wimbledon quarter-final in 2017, Murray has failed to progress to the last-eight of any Grand Slam and has featured in just seven since, with injuries ruling him out for the best part of a year in 2019. Having had a metal hip implanted, Murray is already at a loss in his attempts to beat Djokovic. But the Glaswegian has claimed that despite the fact victory is unlikely, it will be a good marker as to where he is compared to the world's best. "In theory I should have no chance in the match, he's obviously number one in the world and I'm playing with a metal hip," said Murray. "It's a great opportunity for me to see where my game's at and to play against him again. We've had so many battles over the years at some of the biggest tournaments in the world." The Scot currently sits 85th in the world rankings, a far cry from the No 1 ranking that he held in 2016. But having won the Madrid Open in 2015, he will be hoping to upset the odds against Djokovic.