Daniil Medvedev won't get a shot at a third Grand Slam final with either Novak Djokovic or Rafael Nadal after being resoundingly beaten by Marin Cilic at the French Open. The world No 2 had seemingly recovered from his recent injury lay-off as he comfortably moved into the fourth round in Paris, winning his first three matches without dropping a set. However, his hopes of a first French Open win came crashing down against Croatian player Cilic. The 20th seed took just an hour and 45 minutes to beat Medvedev 6-2 6-3 6-2, confining the US Open champion to his worst defeat in a Grand Slam. Cilic, 33, won 90% of points on his dominant first serve and did not face a single break point, while the Russian's serve, in contrast, was broken five times. He'll now face seventh seed Andrey Rublev, who progressed to the quarter-finals after Jannik Sinner retired while trailing 1-6 6-4 2-0. Cilic's win has scuppered the expectation of many fans, who envisaged Medvedev facing either Djokovic or Nadal in the final. The two icons will go head-to-head on Tuesday for a place in the last four, with Nadal aiming for back-to-back Slam wins after his Australian Open triumph. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic has score to settle vs Rafael Nadal at French Open despite 2021 glory Indeed, it was Medvedev who the 'King of Clay' dramatically beat in the final in Melbourne, coming back from two sets down to claim an unprecedented 21st Slam title. It was the second time the pair had met in a major final, with Nadal, 35, having also beaten the Russian in 2019 at Flushing Meadows. The 26-year-old has also previously played Djokovic twice in finals, having initially met at the Australian Open in 2021. That day, it was the Serbian star who comfortably prevailed in straight sets. However, Medvedev then got his revenge at the US Open last September. DON'T MISS:Novak Djokovic backed to thrive vs Rafael Nadal if French Open crowd boo Serb againRafael Nadal fears Novak Djokovic clash could be 'final match of career at French Open'Rafael Nadal has significant issue to overcome to beat Novak Djokovic at French Open He prevailed 6-4 6-4 6-4 to deny his rival a calendar Grand Slam. It also kept Djokovic tied with Nadal on 20 titles, with the Spaniard duly rising above him down under this year. However, there will be no third final meeting with either in Roland Garros. And nor will there be at Wimbledon, with Medvedev set to be absent after all Russian and Belarusian players were banned amid the war in Ukraine.