But amid the barbecues and bunting, just pause and ask yourself if there has ever been a more appropriate time to reflect on years past? And in particular, to recall the tumultuous, tectonic decade that was the 1970s? While the events starting on Thursday may take us back 70 years to the time the Queen ascended to the throne, it is the current slew of crises and confrontations that highlight the remarkable similarities between today and 50 years back. For a start, there is the nagging nightmare of rising inflation which the Bank of England and its governor have spectacularly failed to arrest. At nine per cent, you get into territory where you see the shopping bill rise each Friday and fuel costs jump every time you pull up to the pumps. But that is far from the most insidious result of inflation.As your boss tells you they can only manage a pay rise of three per cent, you quickly realise not only are you failing to keep pace with rising prices, it can be seen as a real-terms pay cut. In the public sector, this empowers the trade unions to a vast degree. It is no coincidence we are now looking at the possibility of our railways running for just 12 hours a day as a result of an overwhelming vote in favour of industrial action by one of the militant unions. With prices soaring and wages falling behind, pay rises can often be won by the collective muscle of a powerful trade union. Last week it was the rail unions, next week it could be the teachers, the week after the road sweepers... and so on. Meanwhile, those prepared to ditch the increasingly absurd practice of working from home, who try to struggle in and out of their office or place of work by train are treated shamefully by the unions. Never mind the untold billions poured into our rail network by the Government, and the fact every household in the land has subsidised them to the tune of £600 irrespective of whether they actually ever use a train or not. Just as in the 1970s, above-inflation pay rises merely serve as fuel on the flames of an economy ablaze and out of control, allowing the Opposition and the unions to paint a picture of a Government being out of touch. As the financial picture continues from bad to worse, companies are forced to downsize and lay off staff - reaping another whirlwind of strike action. Battle lines between bosses and workers are drawn and industrial action once again becomes an everyday way of life. The anti-government rhetoric back in the 1970s was fuelled by strident Leftwing comics and singers uniting to decry a regime as being out of touch. Again the similarities with today are plain to see. This is a scenario difficult to navigate for both the Government and Opposition. For the Conservatives, they will need to persuade voters there is much beyond their control that is forcing prices up. They must also show resolve and resist the unions' ceaseless demands for more money and in the process be prepared to be seen as unpopular. Given their change of tack on windfall taxes last week, that is clearly something they loathe. For Labour, standing up to the unions is never easily achieved. Many still recall the fact that when they quit Downing Street last time in 2010, one of the administration left a note saying: "I'm afraid there is no money." History shows the 1970s ended with the election of the nation's first female Prime Minister, who seized the reins of power to steer the country away from the brink of bankruptcy after it became "the sick man of Europe". And if any of you are thinking I've gone way too far pointing out the similarities with that decade, then reflect on this. Abba are back! Publication of the Sue Gray report last week, and cue much breathless excitement from the press pack. The BBC was hysterical with anticipation, and having broadcast a Panorama special the night before in which "informants" were shot only in silhouette with their words spoken by actors, this was hardly a surprise. You'd have thought they were victims of Fred West the way they were filmed. Yet all they said were comments such as: "And then someone opened a bottle of Prosecco." Finally, Boris Johnson subjected himself to a grilling from the Westminster press pack - and as each member tried to show how clever they were, the glaring question was never asked: "When your son Wilf said his swing had been destroyed and you discovered it had happened during a late-night jolly with your adult colleagues using it, what did you tell your boy and what did you do?" Now I guess we'll never know. The split in public opinion over Meghan Markle truly could not run any deeper. To some she appears a spoilt and selfish woman who has to have everything her way and played a part in taking Prince Harry away from the family he loved. For others, she's been an unfortunate victim of malicious briefings from the Palace, unfounded whispers and a hate campaign from the press. You probably have to go back to the days of Wallis Simpson - herself an American divorcee - to encounter such bitter division. But now comes the sad news that her father Thomas, aged 77 and not blessed with great health, has suffered a suspected major stroke. Rows within families are not rare. But it's how each member acts when the chips are down that counts. Watch this space... Doesn't it just go to show everything that is wrong with our clapped-out, over remunerated, cosseted civil service? The top Foreign Office civil servant accused of lacking "integrity and honesty" after the calamitous attempted evacuation of Kabul last year is still in his job. Sir Philip Barton, who earns up to £189,999 a year - considerably more than the Prime Minister - failed to return from his holiday in France last year during the fall of Kabul for 11 days. In the private sector, he would have been fired, yet in the civil service his obstinate failure goes unpunished. In a story not short of shock and tragedy, one fact stands out like a blazing beacon. The vile gunman in Texas who shot and killed 19 primary pupils and two teachers was aged just 18 - and had bought himself two automatic rifles as birthday gifts. However, in the same state of Texas he would not have been able to buy himself a beer until he was 21. And the US wonders why the world looks on in utter bewilderment? Why the frenzied consternation over Ricky Gervais's new SuperNature show? Rightly this brilliant, laser-focused comic goes after a wide range of areas deemed off limits by too many, knowing campaigners and activists will call for his cancellation and launch a social media frenzy. Good on you Ricky, on target as ever. And as for those so "offended", here's a tip. Don't go to the show.