Piers Morgan's Uncensored TalkTV show launched at the end of April, and the outspoken broadcaster has already jabbed at Meghan Markle several times. At first it came with the news of her cancelled Netflix show, and now, the 57-year-old took a swipe after Joe Biden's sister Valerie Biden Owens stated Meghan could run for President. Despite viewing figures dropping for the TalkTV flagship show, Piers appeared to take delight in listing the reasons why she should not be the next President.   Piers has publicly ridiculed the Duchess ever since their supposed friendship dwindled. His anger over the situation resulted in him storming off the set of Good Morning Britain in 2021, when he was questioned by co-star Alex Beresford. Now pulling no punches, he has called out the "woke" star for something she herself didn't even say. He said: "America's never had a female president, but according to President Biden's sister Valerie, the cavalry may soon be arriving. Read More: Richard Madeley digs at Meghan Markle over plans to be President 'It’s so transparent’   "Unfortunately, it's not the kind of cavalry any of us want to see coming over the hill. It's our old friend Meghan Markle." Piers paused for a moment as he showed the clip where Good Morning Britain's US Correspondent Noel Phillips and Valeria spoke about females in politics. As the clip wrapped, he let out a shocked "What!? Is that a joke? "Perhaps there is somebody out there less suited to become the leader of the free world, but I can't currently think of one."  "Before you think this is some kind of joke, remember Meghan Markle's old friends probably thought the same thing when she told them she was going to hook her claws into a British prince and make herself stupendously rich and famous." He went on to brand her as a "scheming princess" and he wouldn't put it past her to ascend to such a role of power. Piers described: "I wouldn't put anything past this scheming princess Pinocchio, [she] probably sees the White House as a perfectly feasible next rung on her relentless climb up the social ladder. DON’T MISS…'White working class lads don't get a look in' GB News guest slams diverse BBC coverage [LATEST]'Disgusted' BBC Breakfast sparks uproar over Russian news coverage 'Don't want to see [LATEST]'It was a lie!' Susanna Reid skewers Wes Streeting over Angela Rayner row [LATEST]  "Meghan's already been exposed for inappropriately phoning up bemused American publications to harangue them." The journalist continued to berate the actress: "I'm sure she's looked at Donald Trump's success in 2016 and thought to herself 'Hmm TV star, zero political experience, craves money, deeply polarising, massive marcasite and not currently talking to Piers Morgan.'" He also listed she "needs a new career" after the recent blow she was dealt by her Netflix show being cancelled and her children's book and podcast not performing as strongly as she may have liked. The clip causing the controversy saw Valerie proclaiming: "It's wonderful to have women in politics.    