The Premier League season has been wrapped up for another year and it is not one that Manchester United will look back on with any kind of fondness. With Erik ten Hag now officially taking charge, the Dutchman will have three pressing tasks to complete as he tries to turn their fortunes around. With United finishing sixth despite a final day defeat to Crystal Palace, preparations will now get under way for Ten Hag's reign. The incoming Red Devils boss has a huge challenge on his hands, with morale at Old Trafford at an all time low, and Daily Express Sport looks at the three most pressing matters in his in-tray. How to solve a problem like Ronaldo? Arguably Ten Hag's most important task will be to decide the future of Cristiano Ronaldo at Old Trafford. Ronaldo returned to United last summer, scoring 24 goals in his first campaign back at the Red Devils. But there are major doubts over the Portuguese superstar's suitability for the high-pressing game that Ten Hag is likely to enact. The incoming United boss will have to decide soon if he wants to adapt his style around Ronaldo, or whether to cut ties with the attacker. READ MORE: Man Utd hero Neville twists knife in Liverpool wounds with Fergie joke Repairing dressing room relations United have been battered this season by frequent reports of dressing room unrest, with squad members falling out with each other. That has led to fraught tensions at Old Trafford, with morale taking a huge hit as a result. A fractured dressing room does not tend to breed successful teams, and must surely be a key problem for Ten Hag to fix. How he will approach this task is unknown, but it is clear that poor player relationships has hurt United dear this campaign. DON'T MISS: Man Utd’s worst four players as Crystal Palace ruin last Rangnick game (INSIGHT)Erik ten Hag 'shakes head' at Man Utd star as new boss watches on (NEWS)Maguire breaks silence on Ten Hag and says what Man Utd squad think (ANALYSIS) Clearing out the deadwood Despite being one of the biggest spenders in the Premier League over recent seasons, it has become clear that United's squad is not up to the task. Ten Hag is expected to launch a major overhaul of his team when he arrives in Manchester. While part of that will come through bringing in new players, of similar importance is moving on the players who are not up to standard. The likes of Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Fred and Eric Bailly can all consider their place at Old Trafford at risk, though Ten Hag will need to find new homes for them.