The team at travel insurance provider Staysure, explained what impacts the cost of insurance and how to choose the best and cheapest for each trip. Travel insurance costs can vary depending on some factors such as pre-existing medical conditions, age or destination. Travel insurance premiums tend to increase with age due to the risk of illness, especially after 65. Medical conditions are also important as they increase the chance of requiring emergency medical treatment when abroad. Staysure explained "it is important to declare all of your pre-existing medical conditions to ensure your policy is valid, should you need to make a claim". READ MORE: World’s longest glass bottomed bridge opens - 150m above jungle The length of the trip and the destinations also affect the price of insurance, as on longer trips there are more chances holidaymakers may need emergency healthcare. Insurance will be cheaper for countries seen as ‘low risk’, such as Spain, while other 'high-risk' destinations such as Sri Lanka may be more expensive due to costs of repatriation. Travel insurance to the US is considerably more costly as healthcare is much more expensive than in the rest of the world. Including cover for expensive gadgets, like cameras or valuable watches and jewellery, also makes the premium go higher.  The Staysure team shared some ways holidaymakers can cut insurance costs down. Holidaymakers are advised to "leave expensive valuables such as laptops, watches and jewellery at home". "Travelling without these items can help to lower the cost of your travel insurance policy and means you are at less risk of losing them," Staysure explained. Britons should research the cost of travel insurance for their chosen destination, and compare it to other potential holiday locations. "A change of country could save you hundreds. For example, a holiday to Paris will usually cost you less in insurance premiums than a trip to New York. "It’s also important to check the country you are travelling to will be covered by your travel insurer. Some places in the world are considered too high risk," they explained. The team at Staysure recommended getting a tailored policy as holidaymakers could be paying for things you don’t need. They said: "Picking an adequate level of cover of travel insurance can easily lead to a cheaper policy. "Do you need £5,000 cancellation cover if you only paid £500 for your holiday? Don’t pay for levels of cover that you don’t actually need for your trip! "Check the table of benefits and excesses should you need to make a claim."