The Gold State Coach was spotted in London for the first time in two decades as members of the Armed Forces carried out a final rehearsal ahead of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee Pageant early this morning. Troops were seen marching down The Mall carrying flags of the Commonwealth nations, while members of the Household Cavalry were photographed in Parliament Square.  Personnel from the Royal Navy, British Army and Royal Air Force were present as they marched through London at 4:30am in final preparations for the event on Sunday which will mark the finale of the jubilee celebrations. The Gold State Coach is making its first appearance in 20 years, with moving images of the Queen in 1953 on her Coronation Day set to be played in its windows, making it seem as if the young monarch is riding inside. The footage of the then 27-year-old monarch will be beamed onto the remodelled windows, showing the Queen waving. The 260-year-old carriage, which is only ever allowed to carry the sovereign, will lead the procession on Sunday, June 5, as the bells at Westminster Abbey chime.  After the Pageant, it is hoped the Queen will make an appearance on the Buckingham Palace balcony to see the musical finale featuring Ed Sheeran singing the national anthem with a choir of nearly 200 celebrities. It also emerged earlier today [May 31] that the Palace has asked Pageant planners to avoid "over-glorifying or over-egging" the Queen and her family in consideration of anti royalists. Director of the pageant David Zolkwer said it was intended to "not take itself quite so seriously" and that republicans would be considered alongside "strident royalists". He told the Radio Times: "The feedback we're getting is that if we're over-glorifying, or over-egging, or if anything looks too aggrandising - that's what they're not comfortable with. What they're doing is ensuring that every reference to the Queen is appropriate." READ MORE: Jubilee row explodes as Harry and Meghan told they are 'NOT welcome' The coach measures 23 feet long and 12 feet tall, weighing in at four tons. Due to the weight, the coach is ever used at a walking pace and is said to be the most uncomfortable carriage the Queen owns. On Sunday, the carriage will be drawn by eight Windsor Grey horses and led by the Mounted Band of the Household Cavalry. Adrian Evans, the Pageant Master, said: 'Everywhere you look, in the golden sculptures and painted panels, in the uniforms of the postilions, grooms, footmen, attendants and mounted guards, there is rich tradition and history. 'It will be a unique spectacle that we are privileged to be opening the Pageant with. It will set the tone for the very many spectacular sights to come.'  DON'T MISS:Britons fume at French authorities over travel chaos [INSIGHT]Family on Champions League 'horror film' as 'hundreds with Stanley kni [COMMENT]Police officer taken to hospital after car and bus crash [PICTURES] The stunning coach features paintings of Roman gods and goddesses, with a massive triton figure in gilded walnut wood above each wheel to represent the spreading of the news of good government. The main body is carved to represent palm trees framing the doors and windows, with the front panel including a figure of Britannia sitting on the banks of the Thames. On the roof is a giltwood carving of the British imperial crown being held by three cherubs, representing England, Scotland and Ireland. There are expected to be some 205 vehicles appearing in the parade, including 11 Morris Minors, seven Land Rovers, 20 vintage Minis, ice cream vans, JCBs, Del-Boy's Only Fools and Horses Reliant Regal Supervan III, 15 Sinclair C5s, and seven open-top double-decker buses.