As someone once said, there is no alternative. Yes, I, like many tribal Tories, think that the Conservatives seriously could do better: where's the small-state low-tax lot so many of us thought we'd voted for? Rishi Sunak's budget was a meaningless disgrace and increasing the tax burden at a time when the cost of living is shooting through the roof is immoral. Meanwhile, a Tory MP is caught watching porn in the House of Commons chamber. It's all a bit shambolic. But... Look across the floor of the House and who could possibly vote for that lot on the other side? Whatever you think of Partygate, and personally I think there are more pressing issues to worry about, Sir Keir Starmer has been banging on about it absolutely non-stop - and then it turns out that he did the same thing himself. He was filmed drinking in the office of one of his MPs when indoor socialising was forbidden. And, surprise, surprise, Angela Rayner was there too. Incidentally, on the subject of the Deputy Labour Leader, some people thought I was being supportive of her when I called some Tory MPs neanderthal for comparing her leg flashing to Basic Instinct. Now we hear that Ms Rayner herself had been overheard laughing about exactly that with some fellow MPs. I take it all back: those Tories were not neanderthal but quite clearly had a greater insight into the mind of that woman than I did. She's a disgrace to her party, her country and the House. Of course, Neil Parish should not have been watching porn in the Commons or anywhere else in public and that he even did so shows quite how debauched we as a society have become.  But what about Claudia Webbe, who threatened to throw acid in someone's face while she was a Labour MP? She's an independent now, having had the whip withdrawn, but how did she get picked in the first place? And what about the stench of anti-Semitism in the Labour Party, which has never entirely gone away? Hypocritical, sanctimonious, resorting to class warfare and absolutely and utterly useless: that is Labour today. And never forget something else: Starmer campaigned for Jeremy Corbyn to get elected. He's not fit to run a whelk stall, let alone the country. The Tories deserve to get a bloody nose today, but let's just hope it puts them back on track. The alternative truly doesn't bear thinking about.  A new report says that men with square faces, like Brad Pitt, are more likely to be successful than men with long faces, like Sir Keir Starmer (to choose a name at random). Some years ago I was told that everyone, face-wise, was either a horse or a cabbage. Try it. It works. The annual display of exhibitionism and vulgarity at the Met Gala hit a new low this year, and I'm not naming names as that will just give them the publicity they crave. But one person stood apart from that: Elon Musk, who looked stylish and elegant in his white tie and tails. Twitter is clearly in good hands. Robots are to be employed in food testing: yup, our artificial friends will be working out if any food contains too much salt. Has anyone thought this through? What if the robots develop a taste for salt and secretly start topping up salt levels in food by pretending it's all kosher, as it were? What if they come across that lethal combination of salt and caramel and start stuffing their robotic faces with it in their off-duty time? People, I'm warning you: there's a danger of robotic obesity. You read it here first. To the Post Office on Tuesday, to mail something seriously urgent, only to find it shut because its slothful workers are on strike. Even on a good day you have to queue for hours for everything; now apparently it's far too much effort to do anything at all. Do these people not realise they are actually expected to offer a public service? That the post is not like A. N. Other business and is crucial to the efficient running of an already battered economy. Ronald Reagan had the right idea in his handling of air traffic controllers and someone might like to point out to these workshy layabouts that there are now quite a few alternatives to sending by Royal Mail and, if they carry on like this, they won't have any jobs left to strike from. Why is it even legal for people in an industry as crucial as the mail to carry out industrial action at all? Andrew Lloyd Webber's production of Cinderella is closing down: genuinely sad for all concerned. But there is talk of a future revival on Broadway, which might provide an opportunity for another couple down on their showbiz luck. Why not cast Meghan Markle as Cinders, with lookalike Kate and Camillas as the two Ugly Sisters, Meghan's confidant Omid Scobie as Buttons, Angela Kelly, who denied Meghan the tiara she wanted, as the Wicked Stepmother, the Ginger Whinger as Prince Charming and Oprah Winfrey as the Fairy Godmother? A cast list made in the stars! Having ignored online reading for many a long year, I have finally realised that it makes sense to upload the books you do not intend to keep on to your phone and have installed the necessary app. Now Kindle keeps telling me, "You're on a reading streak. You've read four weeks in a row. Keep it up!" Actually, I've been reading four weeks in a row for the best part of five decades. What a depressing sign that so many people today clearly never touch a book. French politico Coralie Dubost has had to step down after queries about how she spent her monthly allowance, which included €500 in three months on underwear. No idea about the ethics of it or if there was really wrongdoing, but what a stylish way to cause a scandal, n'est pas? Our utterly wonderful priest has told us that wedding couples often ask her to have a word with the Almighty about weather on the big day - but she has to tell them she is in sales, not management. If anyone is looking for a new church, I cannot recommend St Bride's in Fleet Street highly enough.