According to local reports, multiple attacks are alleged to have taken place on Collier Street, to the south-west of Maidstone. The most recent encounter, on May 2, is said to have led to one dog being killed. One local recounted an alleged attempted mauling, in which four men had to prize the attacking dog off her pet. Kent police said in a statement that they had spoken to the owner, but had not identified any criminal acts. According to KentOnline, there are now more than ten separate police reports regarding the same dog. Aydon Smith’s eight-year-old Dachshund-Shitzu cross, Bailey, did not survive the latest encounter, he said. READ MORE: 'Nastiest growl of my entire life' Hairdresser has nose torn off in... He was in their garden when a large dog reportedly surprised its owner by entering the garden through the gate and setting upon the smaller dog. Mr Smith told the local paper: “When Bailey was attacked the first thing I thought was to collect evidence and find out from others who had their dogs attacked. “I just knocked on all the doors down my road and I was absolutely mind-blown by how many knew about it.” Mr Smith spoke to other villagers, and found that two black Labradors had also been seriously injured by what they say was the same dog. One of those, Cindy Hawes’ dog Coco, was attacked last year, shortly after she and husband Jeff moved to the area. She had been walking her Labrador when the dog is said to have run out of its home. Ms Hawes said: “It first bit her ear then started to choke Coco; squeezing its grip tighter. “I tried to get between them but it had a good hold on her, it wouldn't let go. DON'T MISS Energy crisis: UK faced with new hurdle as record wind forced turbines [INSIGHT] Tech billionaire warns Russian cyberattack could ‘destroy society’ [REVEAL] Monkeypox horror: Pets could be CULLED to stop spread of disease [REPORT] “There were four workers in a garden nearby who luckily heard me calling for help and managed to get the dog to let go. “If it wasn't for them, Coco probably wouldn't have survived.” Meanwhile, Louis Murdoch’s 10-year-old Labrador, Tilly, was reportedly attacked a week before Bailey, while on a walk in the field behind his house. Mr Murdoch said: “I got over there as quickly as I could but whilst I pulled on Tilly’s harness, their dog had hold of her side which soon split open.” A spokesperson for Kent Police said the force “is aware of reports concerning the behaviour of a dog in Collier Street. “Officers have spoken to the owner of the dog and no criminal offences have been identified.” However, this response has angered local pet owners who fear for their dogs’ safety. Mr Smith described it as feeling like “a huge failing” that the police “won’t act pre-emptively”. He added: “I know they have been warned about it and if it was muzzled, little Bailey would still be around today.” Maidstone Borough Council said it was investigating the incidents, noting it had the power to issue fixed penalty notices “when there is sufficient evidence”. Anyone with further information about the incidents is asked to email animalwelfare@maidstone.gov.uk or call 01622 602202.