Manchester United’s hierarchy are ‘unhappy’ with the dressing room leaker at Old Trafford, according to reports. The Red Devils have endured a horrendous season under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. And members of the squad haven’t helped as their campaign has gone from bad to worse. Manchester United had expected to challenge for the Premier League title under Solskjaer this season. But, despite summer deals for the likes of Jadon Sancho, Raphael Varane and Cristiano Ronaldo, the Red Devils have been unable to challenge the likes of Manchester City and Liverpool for the biggest domestic prize on offer. Over the course of the season, there have been leaks coming out of the club that hasn’t helped matters. And the Daily Mail say that senior management are ‘unhappy’ with the player they believed briefed the media over Harry Maguire earlier in the season. Back in September, it was revealed players were scrutinising Maguire behind the scenes amid his inconsistent performances. And the United board feel the leaker ‘isn’t exempt from blame’ themselves for an awful season. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings No names are mentioned. However, fans on social media have had their theories - pointing their fingers at numerous players currently on the club’s books. United do feel as though the leaker won’t be a problem next season, suggesting they may be one of the players heading for the exit door. And that’s something Erik ten Hag won’t want to contend with when his Old Trafford reign gets started this summer. The Dutchman has been confirmed as Rangnick’s successor and, this afternoon, is expected to attend United’s match with Crystal Palace. The Red Devils go into the showdown having won just 16 of their 37 Premier League matches so far. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag But United will need to win or draw to ensure they’re playing in the Europa League, rather than the UEFA Conference League next term. United beat Palace 1-0 earlier this season, with Fred scoring the only goal of the game at Old Trafford. And whether they can put on a show, with Ten Hag in the stands, ultimately remains to be seen. Speaking prior to the contest at Selhurst Park, meanwhile, Rangnick insisted United can bounce back from their horrendous season. “Yes, I strongly believe that and I know that from my own experience,” he said when asked if United can bounce back quickly. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “I developed teams from level four to Champions League and level three to Champions League. “This is obviously different here because United are already in the Premier League and we are a club with high expectations with a big tradition of being successful. “But you can only find what you need if you know what you are looking for and you need to know that in advance. “This also depends on how Erik wants to play? If you saw Ajax or his U23 team at Bayern Munich play then it's pretty obvious how that will be. "And for me it's also clear what kind of players he needs to help him to be successful. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “There will be changes, players will be leaving because their contracts have expired so there will be space for new players. “We also spoke about the last transfer window in January where we and the board decided not to sign any players but this is different now. “In this summer window there will be some new players and Erik will also have some influence on which kind of player he wants. “That will happen in this window and hopefully the next two windows and I think it's obvious to everybody for the owners, the board and every supporter we need to increase and raise the level of quality within the squad. “And as I said if you know what you are looking for and how you want to play then it's a lot easier.”