Vladimir Putin's troops reportedly left bodies to rot in a supermarket after corpses were washed above ground by Russia's attempt to restore running water to Mariupol. Photographs from the Shchyryi kum supermarket were too graphic to publish as they showed bodies decomposing and discoloured bodies in civilian clothing, the Telegraph has revealed. The Mariupol mayor's adviser Petro Andryushchenko claimed that so many bodies were being washed out of the ground that Russian troops were unable to bury them. Mr Andryushchenko said on his Telegram channel: "The Russians are bringing the bodies of the dead here [in the supermarket], bodies which were washed out of graves and partially exhumed in an attempt to restore water supply. "They are just dumping them like garbage." Andryushchenko also suggested Russia had launched a campaign to recruit gravediggers and pathologists. JUST IN: Zoom blunder sees couple accidentally broadcast themselves having sex during bat mitzvah He added: "There is a catastrophic shortage of people to bury the corpses and of power for even makeshift mortuaries. "To such an extent that a separate recruitment campaign for pathologists has been launched in Moscow." Many of the bodies were buried in shallow graves before the Russians captured the city. Mariupol has been a key target for Russia as the city has faced a sustained attack from Putin's forces. READ MORE: Scholz faces Ukraine shame as Germany FAILS to deliver on weapon promises However, the West has claimed the Russian bombing of Mariupol is a war crime and suggested as many as 22,000 civilians were killed. The Kremlin has also showcased its capture of the city as a major military victory. Road signs in Mariupol were even changed ahead of plans by the Kremlin to hold a 'Victory Day' parade. Speaking about the scenes in Mariupol, the Ukrainian Military Intelligence said earlier this month: "The main avenues of the city are [being] urgently cleaned, the debris and the bodies of the dead removed, as well as the ammunition which did not explode." DON'T MISSRussia’s ‘five hands’ that could spark nuclear armageddon [EXPLAINER]Putin religion: Does Russia’s President believe in God? [ANALYSIS]‘Scholz called Putin a great power!’ Germany facing mockery [REPORT] The news comes after French President Emmanuel Macron and German Chancellor Olaf Scholz urged Russian President Vladimir Putin to free as many as 2,500 Ukrainians who defended the Azovstal steel plant in the devastated port city. However, the Kremlin said the Russian leader told Macron and Scholz that supplying Western arms to Ukraine was "dangerous" and had warned "of the risks of further destabilisation of the situation and aggravation of the humanitarian crisis".