Spring has seen relatively cool weather in the British Isles and few opportunities to get the barbecue out. However, that is all set to change as the temperatures are poised to soar over the coming weekend and into the following week. Forecasters are predicting a mini-heatwave for the south of England, with temperatures expected to reach as high as 21 degrees Celsius in London next Monday. The thermometer is expected to rise steadily from May 5, and continue on an upward spiral for some days to come. While the south basks in sultry weather, the north will experience cooler conditions. The Met Office said: "Into the following week generally settled conditions should prevail in the south, whereas in the north, conditions are more changeable. "Temperatures are likely to be around or above average throughout, but cooler towards the north and near coasts." Met Office forecasters appear bullish about the chances for sweltering weather over the summer. In their three-month summer forecast, they said the chances of "hot weather" were double those of other years. “There is an increase in the likelihood of warmer-than-average conditions in the month ahead. “Predictions are consistent in suggesting an increase in the likelihood of temperatures being above average overall. “While this doesn’t necessarily mean heatwaves will occur, it does increase the likelihood of heatwaves compared to normal.” Bookies have slashed the odds on a hot May, a sure sign of confidence in Met Office predictions. Ladbrokes is offering 2-1 from 4-1 on this month turning out to be the hottest May ever. READ MORE: Met Office hot weather alert: Scorching summer to see 3 MONTHS of heat Spokesman Alex Apati said: "We're strapping in for a record-breaking month of sunshine ahead." Normally, May in the UK is quite cool with temperatures fluctuating between 8 and 17 degrees Celsius. The forecast of hot and dry weather for the month ahead will bring no relief to UK farmers hoping for rain. A dry April has increased fears that Britain is heading for a drought and left farmers desperate for rain to soak parched crops and grassland. England and Wales received only half the normal amount of rainfall in April as a result of the unseasonably dry weather. DON'T MISSWeather: Britain's sun snatched away as 'fresh Arctic air' sweeps in [REVEAL]Bank Holiday weather leads to bizarre chemtrail theories [SPOTLIGHT]BBC Weather: Brits to bask in 20C warmth thanks to Azores plume [NEWS] Farmers are desperate for rain to help wash in fertiliser that has ben applied in recent weeks. Guy Smith, who farms 350ha in St Osyth, Essex, told Farmers Weekly: “The weather is just so contrary these days. “In this patch of Essex, having struggled with too much rain in the autumn and not getting crops established, we seem to be straight into the spring drought. “Spring drilling was done in reasonably good conditions. "Some crops are up nicely, but others on less than decent seedbeds are now really struggling.”