After State Champs singer Derek DiScanio opened the band’s set with Here To Stay he was quick to tell the crowd at London’s Electric Ballroom that this was one of the band’s first shows in their first-ever headline tour. His words were tinged with a hint of trepidation, as if to say: “Go easy on us, we’re a bit new to this.” Maybe I’m projecting a little… but any worries they did have were completely unwarranted. State Champs put on a real show for their fans. And they made it look extremely easy. Derek sailed through the band’s biggest hits with casual ease, drenched in style. His technical vocal stylings that have often garnered much attention were unwavering; barely a note was missed throughout their full, powerful set. The highs of Hard To Please felt as joyous and sustainable as they do on the band’s album, while the quick-quipping intricacies of Easy Enough were clear, engaging, and thrilling to watch in real-time. Derek easily has the best voice in the punk scene. It wouldn’t surprise me if he branched out on his own to start a pop career, because he could match some of Top 20 artists in vocal range (let alone in creativity). He isn’t a one-man band, though. State Champs’ back end is made up of three musicians: a guitarist, a bassist, and a drummer. But it feels so much more robust than that. Their frequent and tireless beatdowns shook the Electric Ballroom’s ground harder than I have seen even some metal bands do it. And the speed at which the foursome spewed out some of their best-loved songs felt supernatural. Guitarist Tyler Szalkowski's relentless fingers delivered perfect hooks throughout the set. While bassist Ryan Scott Graham barely even thought about how flawless his notes were while spinning across the stage. But the biggest spotlight has to be placed on drummer Evan Ambrosio. Thanks to him, State Champs are exceedingly tight. Every mid-bar halt and snare drop was executed completely perfectly throughout the entire set. Yes, I know a lot of bands are well-rehearsed, but State Champs felt different. Performing together was second nature to them. Like they were performing directly to JK Simmons' Fletcher in Whiplash and daren't move a hair out of tempo. Truly world-class stuff. Even when a technical difficulty sent the audience into silence and darkness (for actual minutes - come on Electric Ballroom), State Champs didn’t falter. Quick as a flash, they launched back into Losing Yourself and came out swinging. If you have the chance to see State Champs, go to their show. You won’t be disappointed. State Champs’ new album, Kings of the New Age, is out tomorrow. Get it here.