BBC drama series Silent Witness returns tonight (May 23) for its 25th anniversary with the show celebrating the milestone. However, some fans of the series are keen to know more about some of the previous characters in the show. Series 23 saw the exit of both Richard Lintern as Thomas Chamberlain and Liz Carr as Clarissa Mullery. Viewers were left heartbroken by the shocking twist with some wondering about Clarissa’s husband Max Thorndyke (played by Daniel Weyman). WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Silent Witness season 23 Max made a surprise comeback to Silent Witness for the season 23 finale, which was broadcast on BBC One in 2020. Clarissa (Carr) was left heartbroken in the wake of Thomas’ (Lintern) shocking death after he was killed by a nerve agent, which could penetrate charcoal masks. Nikki Alexander (Emilia Fox) and Clarissa were utterly devastated as they watched Thomas die in the middle to the Lyell as he managed to find an antidote for the nerve agent which was killing him. In a touching scene at the hospital, Max was comforting his wife Clarissa as she blamed herself for not realising the toxicity of the nerve agent. READ MORE: Amanda Burton opens up on if she will return long-term Max consoled her and kissed her head, telling her there wasn’t anything she could have done. The remaining members of the Lyell vowed to make sure Thomas’ discovery wouldn’t go to waste and they would make his death count for others in the future. In the finale, Clarissa also confirmed she was going to be leaving the team to embark on new adventures. However, it looked like the door had been left open should actress Carr ever want to come back. Max is portrayed by actor Daniel Weyman who hails from Newcastle-upon-Tyne. He’s featured in a number of episode in Silent Witness over the years since 2017. The character occasionally turns up in the show and made an appearance in Clarissa’s last episode as she departed from the Lyell. According to the BBC, Max is a digital forensics expert and has worked with his wife in some cases. DON'T MISS...Silent Witness: Why is Liz Carr leaving as Clarissa Mullery? [EXPLAINER]Silent Witness: Why did Richard Lintern leave Silent Witness? [EXPLAINER]Silent Witness 2020 ending explained: What happened at the end? [INSIGHT] The couple has an affectionate relationship and they care for each other, despite Clarissa spending most of her waking hours at the Lyell cracking cases. Max is also said to be the only person to beat Clarissa at Scrabble. He also featured in the show as Clarissa came to terms with her mother’s health issues Actor Weyman has featured in many shows and films over the year, portraying Adam Wainwright in Foyle’s War and Dr Kenny in HBO and BBC series Gentleman Jack. READ MORE: Silent Witness star Liz Carr had to turn down roles due to BBC His other roles include Vera, Poirot, The Happy Prince, Holby City, and Wire in the Blood, among others. According to IMDb, he will next be starring in Amazon’s big-budget show The Lord of the Rings. Along with his screen work, Weyman has also appeared in productions of The Life and Adventures of Nicholas Nickleby, You Like It, and The Comedy of Errors. He’s also done voiceover work and appeared in the Doctor Who adventure The Butcher of Brisbane. Actress Carr made the decision to leave Silent Witness to pursue other projects and will be featuring in a Hollywood movie next after her turn in Netflix sci-fi hit The OA. Speaking on the BBC Ouch podcast, she said: “I’ve gone and had the most incredible opportunity to develop and get better and learn and learn and learn, and there are very few disabled actors internationally who have that experience.” Carr said she hoped her performance would encourage and inspire other disabled actors to pursue a career and to give them “a break” in the notoriously ruthless entertainment business. Silent Witness airs on BBC One tonight at 9pm