Reports suggest Inter Milan are in fact willing to sell Tottenham target Alessandro Bastoni this summer - providing their £54million valuation is met for the Italian international defender. Spurs are well and truly the frontrunners for the highly-rated centre-back, who is thought to be open-minded about the idea of reuniting with his former coach Antonio Conte.  The pair were two major driving forces behind Inter's 2020/21 Serie A title triumph and enjoyed two full seasons working together at the San Siro before Conte's swift departure last summer. And now Tottenham are fixated on bringing Bastoni to north London, having identified the 23-year-old as their top defensive target following their £150m cash injection from owners ENIC. In recent weeks, there has been some suggestion that Inter would not be willing to sell their ball-playing defensive stalwart but now Spurs have seemingly been handed the green light to conclude a deal... According to The Times, Inter will indeed do business, providing their £54m asking price is matched. READ MORE: Tottenham already discussing third signing after completing Ivan Perisic formalities However, Bastoni would still need to be lured into the move though, as while he is keen to reunite with Conte one day, he feels there is simply no rush to leave Inter, where he is now part of the furniture. Nonetheless, Tottenham will feel they have enough motives to push ahead with a deal as they continue to monitor the situation closely. The perfect incentive for an opening offer could arrive in the coming weeks, as Inter remain in negotiations with Torino for Gleison Bremer. He was named Serie A Defender of the Year this season following an exceptional campaign in Turin with Il Toro and has also been tracked by Liverpool and Everton in recent seasons. READ MORETottenham already discussing third signing after completing Ivan Perisic formalitiesPau Torres picks between Man Utd and Tottenham transfer as 'both clubs offer £45m'Tottenham star Harry Kane 'open to new contract' if Antonio Conte condition met Bremer is now one of Inter's top targets but crucially, they are not planning to sign him as a replacement for Bastoni, who is still an integral part of their plans. Conte would be looking to sign Bastoni to play on the left side of his three-man defence alongside Cristian Romero and Eric Dier. He has regular experience playing in a three-man backline at both club level with Inter and with the Italian national team. Tottenham do have an alternative target in mind though, in case they fail to land Bastoni. RB Leipzig's 20-year-old centre-back Josko Gvardiol is highly rated by the club with Chelsea also interested. Leeds held talks for the defender before his move to Germany but Gvardiol is expected to stay in the Bundesliga for at least one more season. Tottenham have already wrapped up two summer signings in the form of Fraser Forster and Ivan Perisic. The pair will arrive on free transfers from Southampton and Inter Milan respectively as Spurs target at least four more acquisitions in the coming months. 