Rene Meulensteen has let rip at Manchester United players in the wake of their crushing 4-0 defeat to Brighton on Saturday. The Dutchman has been linked with a return to Old Trafford under Erik ten Hag, having previously assisted Sir Alex Ferguson. And it appears he’s unimpressed with the current state of his former club, who have endured a nightmare campaign under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. Meulensteen has been mentioned as being a potential assistant to Ten Hag when he starts work at United. And he’s unhappy with the way players at his former club are performing under Rangnick in the wake of their 4-0 defeat to Brighton. Speaking on talkSPORT, the 58-year-old accused some players of failing to rise to the challenge of being at Old Trafford. "The most important thing is when you do sign for a club is to represent them with pride,” he said. “We know some players that have come in have never really committed to the club. “Then you get these rumours fed in through the media that ‘he’s not happy’ and this player or that player wants to go. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings “If you’ve got a very solid dressing room and those players in the dressing room want to be there together, they want to do well together and fight for each other. “But if you’ve got people in there who don’t really want to be there then you feel that. You will sense it and it has an effect on the performances.” Meulensteen also admitted he had high hopes when Cristiano Ronaldo decided to return in the summer. But the former United coach is appalled by his former side’s alarming dip in form under Rangnick and Solskjaer this term. “There were a lot of expectations, even from myself,” he said. “When Ronaldo comes in, he comes in for one reason only and that’s to improve the team and basically get United challenging again. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag “They were second in the league, so no reason to believe anything else. “For some reason there was that lack of consistency at the start of the season and performances started to fall away. “The season has been derailed more and more. “You saw the frustration kick in when they got knocked out of this competition, then they got knocked out of the FA Cup, then they lost ground in the league. “They changed managers against and Rangnick came in. “Rangnick’s impact has not brought what everyone expected, to push for the top four and Champions League is so important. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “They have been derailed and irritation has turned into frustration. “When I see United play, I see a team that is lost. They are lost completely. “There is no cohesion, no organisation, no structure, any basic thing that you need in any successful performance is not there.” Meulensteen, if he does return to United, will likely not hold back. But he’s not the only person being tipped to take a job under Ten Hag at Old Trafford. Steve McClaren is another name to have been mentioned, having previously worked with Ten Hag at FC Twente. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Mitchell van der Gang, who assists Ten Hag at Ajax, has been tipped to join as well. And Frank Rutten, who has coached in the Netherlands for two decades, has claimed he’s already rejected a move to the Premier League. "Erik ten Hag has asked me to be his assistant at Manchester United, I said no,” he said over the weekend. “Everyone makes his own choices in life. I have a family, I have grandchildren that I want to see. “This type of project.. I felt uncomfortable with it."