Summer is the perfect time to enjoy drinks in the sun and with the Platinum Jubilee happening next week, get ready for the royal occasion by decorating your home in bunting and buying your favourite drinks. Refreshing and citrusy, one of the best summery drinks to enjoy is an Aperol Spritz. In addition to Pimm’s, Aperol Spritz is another one of Britain’s favourite cocktails to drink during the summer. The wine-based cocktail has a mix of bitter and sweet flavours, making it a delightful accompaniment to food and its bubbly also makes it the perfect aperitif. An Aperol Spritz is also one of the easiest cocktails to make as all you need to do is mix Aperol, Prosecco or champagne together and top with soda water. While the Italian spirit is different to gins and fizz, it feels equally as refreshing on a hot day and is distinct with its bright orange colour. Ahead of the bank holiday happening, find out where to buy the cheapskates deals on Aperol Spritz. Plus, if you sign up to Amazon Prime, you’ll get all orders delivered for free. Sign up to the free one month trial here. If you’re just looking to buy a bottle of Aperol, the cheapest place to find it is on The Bottle Club, which has slashed a 70cl bottle down to just £11.69 from £16. Amazon has also slashed a 70cl bottle down from £16 to £13 and shoppers can also find a one litre bottle for just £15 and a mini-sized version for £7.99. Morrisons and Waitrose are also selling a 70cl bottle of Aperol for £13 and minimum order amount for free delivery is £40. Buy: The Bottle Club (£11.69) Buy: Amazon (£7.99 up) Buy: Morrisons (£13) Buy: Waitrose (£13) Buy a bundle that includes a bottle of Aperol with Prosecco so you can make your own drink. The cheapest option is the Aperol Spritz mini kit, which includes a small Aperol with 375ml. On the Whiskey Exchange, it’s available for £16.95 with click or collect and delivery from £4.95. The Bottle Club is also selling the same kit for £17.99 and Amazon has it on offer for £18.10 with free delivery. Amazon is offering shoppers a deal on the normal bundle which includes a 70cl bottle of Aperol and 75cl bottle of Prosecco and it’s one of the best value purchase. Shoppers can buy this bundle for £22.79 which is eight percent cheaper than normal prices. Buy: The Whiskey Exchange (£16.95) Buy: The Bottle Club (£17.99) Buy: Amazon (£22.79) Also a great present, give loved ones a gift pack that includes a 70cl bottle of Aperol with two Aperol Spritz glasses for just £25 on Amazon.Amazon shoppers can also choose to buy a bundle that includes a bottle of Aperol, Cinzano Prosecco with one glass for £29.99. Perfect for parties, shoppers will also be able to buy a one litre Aperol bottle with two bottles of Cinzano Prosecco for £34.58 on Amazon. If you’re looking for a different twist, get this Aperol Spritz kit from Lisa Angel on Not On The High Street for £27. It’s got contents for two delicious cocktails and has one 10cl bottle of Aperol, one 20cl bottle of soda water and one 20cl bottle of Italian Prosecco Buy: Amazon (£25 up) Buy: Not On The High Street (£27)