The fourth and final season of Ozark had drama aplenty with a number of shocking deaths and twists and turns facing Marty (played by Jason Bateman) and Wendy Byrde (Laura Linney) right to the final moment. However, despite packing in so many plot twists, a number of Netflix viewers haven’t been left best pleased with how the final scene with Mel Sattem (Adam Rothenberg) played out. WARNING: This article contains major spoilers from Ozark season 4. To recap, Marty and Wendy had seemingly succeeded in the ploy to manipulate the world of politics, drug smuggling and cartel-liaising. Ruth Langmore (Julia Garner) had been killed by new cartel boss Camila (Veronica Falcon) and the gala at the Missouri Bell had managed to wow investors and big names in the political world alike. However, one man who was determined to get one over on the Byrdes was private investigator Mel whose moral compass caught up to him in the final moments of Ozark. Despite the Byrdes working their magic to get Mel reinstated with the Philadelphia Police Department in order to stop him testifying in court against them, he had a change of heart. READ MORE: Ozark plot hole: Nelson's death contained baffling Rachel error Mel was waiting for the Byrdes back at their home after breaking in and working out the mysterious goat-shaped cookie jar containing the ashes of Ben Davis (Tom Pelphrey). He finally had the piece of evidence that could sink the Byrdes and expose their murderous and wicked ways and was keen to gloat to let them know he’d cracked the case. Mel even turned down life-changing sums of cash to stay quiet, insisting he was going to take them down - although he didn’t bank on Jonah (Skylar Gaertner) appearing. With his sister by his side, Jonah emerged from the family armed with a rifle and aimed it at Mel for threatening his parents. The screen cut to black and there was a single gunshot before the credits rolled and Ozark came to a close. Ozark fans in general have come to the conclusion that this was Jonah’s way of fully siding with his parents once and for all, presumably shooting Mel. However, could he have actually shot his mother Wendy in a split-second moment of rage instead? The theory has been put forward on Reddit, with user Tr2041 suggesting: “Given that the screen flips to black before the gun is actually shot… it’s possible he shot Wendy or Marty.” DON'T MISS:Ozark season 4 ending: Fans expose real reason Mel didn't go to policeOzark star addresses Ruth Langmore scene in series finaleOzark showrunner addresses hopes for spin-off as fans slam ending Explaining their theory, they continued: “The entire season leading up to the finale showed Jonah’s and Wendy’s relationship as faltering. “At no point did it seem like there was any reconciliation. In fact, after the accident Jonah doesn’t go to Wendy like the rest of the family.” Exposing the key clue from the final confrontation with Mel, they added: “In the last scene maybe Jonah is reminded of what happened to his Uncle Ben and sees what has happened to the PI that was investigating his family. “Instead of allowing Wendy to cause anymore destruction he kills her.” Considering how broken Jonah was by the death of Ben, it’s not unlikely the stark reminder of his ashes could’ve caused him to snap. After all, the first time he saw Ben’s ashes at the family home, he unloaded the rifle into the house’s windows in a fit of rage. Could seeing Ben’s ashes in Mel’s arms have reignited this heartbreak and finally led to him shooting Wendy? With the series now over, the ambiguous ending will continue to be up for debate. Ozark seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Netflix now.