Liverpool have received a welcome transfer boost after a new report claimed that Ousmane Dembele has not come to terms on an agreement with Paris Saint-Germain. Dembele has emerged as a target for the Reds, who are bracing themselves for the potential departure of Sadio Mane. Liverpool are just one of a host of top European clubs who are believed to mulling over a move for Dembele, who is due to be a free agent in the coming weeks after running his deal down at Barcelona. Reports earlier this week had suggested that PSG had won the race for the 25-year-old's signature; however, a new report from SPORT has revealed that Dembele's negotiations with the French giants are currently 'on hold'. Although Dembele could still end up at the Parc des Princes, PSG have have temporarily 'stopped all major operations' after they finally come to terms on an agreement with Kylian Mbappe over a bumper new deal. The impending arrival of PSG's new sporting director, Luis Campo, is also another reason that talks with Dembele have been put on ice for now. READ MORE: Tottenham could beat Man Utd to Valencia starlet thanks to Bryan Gil But the delay in talks could open the door for Liverpool, who are reportedly considering Dembele as a potential replacement for Mane, who is expected to quit the club this summer. The Senegal star - who still has one year remaining on his current Anfield deal - hinted that he had already decided his future before last weekend's Champions League final defeat to Real Madrid. Mane has been linked with a move to Bayern Munich, who themselves are seemingly planning for life without Robert Lewandowski. The Polish hitman is desperate to join Barcelona this summer, and his future could hinge on whether or not Mane can be lured to the Allianz Arena in the coming weeks. Dembele has mustered just 32 goals in 150 appearances for the Catalan giants since he moved to the Nou Camp in a £126million deal in the summer of 2017, but that hasn't deterred a host of top European clubs from chasing his signature this summer. As well as Liverpool, Chelsea are also interested in bringing Dembele to the Premier League. The Blues are finally able to get to work in the transfer market after Todd Boehly's £4.25bn takeover was finally rubber-stamped earlier this week, and Dembele has worked with Blues boss Thomas Tuchel before at Borussia Dortmund. Bayern Munich are another club who the report claims are considering a move for Dembele, who looks set to depart Barcelona for good in the coming weeks.