Tottenham had scouts watching powerful Eintracht Frankfurt wide-man Filip Kostic in the German club’s Europa League final triumph over Rangers in midweek and they are now readying a summer bid for the player. Serbian international Kostic, who can play as both a wing-back and as a winger, played a key role in Frankfurt's successful European campaign this season, and is rated at around £25million. The former Stuttgart and Hamburg attacker has scored seven goals and provided 15 assists in all competitions this season for Eintracht - and in the Europa League alone has netted three times and managed six assists. It was from the strong pacey wide-man’s typically accurate cross that Rafael Borre grabbed the crucial equaliser on Wednesday night in Seville. The Serb then netted his penalty in the shoot-out that won the Bundesliga side the trophy, with Borre netting the decisive spot-kick. Tottenham were interested in Kostic in January but no bid was forthcoming then. Now though, manager Antonio Conte is intent on moving for a player he has admired for some time. Kostic still has one year left on his Eintracht contract, but a big-money move to the Premier League at his age would prove hard to resist. Spurs have Sergio Reguilon, currently injured, and Ryan Sessegnon available at left wing-back, but Kostic’s European experience and sheer strength and power are enticing qualities for the north Londoners. Frankfurt creator-in-chief Kostic, who takes all of the team's set-pieces, was on Friday named the Europa League Player of the Season for his performances in Europe. Despite that, he almost joined Lazio last summer before a move broke down. MORE TOTTENHAM NEWS...Arsenal hero Wright warns Spurs may be 'real problem' if Eriksen signsTottenham 'make three demands' to Barcelona over Clement Lenglet dealTottenham boss Conte set to finalise two signings as McGinn 'targeted' The Bundesliga outfit's manager Oliver Glasner hinted that Kostic's time at the Deutsche Bank Park is not yet over, however. He said when asked if that was the player's last appearance for the club after beating Rangers: "No I don't think so. He still has a year's contract. "We spoke on the field, but I won't tell you what [we said]. I think that was not his last game [for Eintracht Frankfurt]." Conte is keen to strengthen multiple areas of his Spurs squad this summer, regardless of whether or not they finish fourth this Sunday to qualify for the Champions League next season. It is thought the Italian would like to sign new players in defence, midfield and attack, with Kostic capable of filling in in multiple roles should he join up with the Premier League heavyweights.