Kate Middleton attended a prestigious boarding school, before meeting her future husband Prince William at university. The Duchess of Cambridge joined Marlborough College in Wiltshire midway through the academic year in 1996. Before this, she had attended St Andrew's Pangbourne primary school in Berkshire.  After this, she went to Downe House School briefly, which happens to be the same school actress Miranda Hart attended. Finally, the Duchess went on to attend St Andrews University in Scotland in 2000 where she met Prince William. At Marlborough, the 40-year-old excelled in field hockey and cross-country running. Kate also would have dined on extravagant meals.  Marlborough offers a very posh lunch menu. One option, according to the school’s website, is turkey schnitzel with tomato, red onion and capers. The following day, prawn, mango and butternut squash red Thai curry is on offer. A chef's special option is a braised pork belly with wafu spicy sauce.  For dessert, there is a salted caramel cheesecake pot. The lunch options consist of two soup options per day, with at least three main meal choices. This also includes an array of sides, plus pasta and a jacket potato filling, and four desserts. As Marlborough is a boarding school, supper options have even more variety.  Prince William by contrast attended Eton College in Berkshire, where he was later joined by his younger brother Prince Harry. The meals at Eton are most likely equally posh, if not more so. Prince George and Princess Charlotte's current school, St Thomas's in Battersea, has a pretty fancy set of food options too. Their menu includes things like turkey and ham pie served with steamed broccoli and cauliflower and oven-baked herby rice.  Fish options include roasted salmon on top of puy lentils, while vegetarians can enjoy dishes like chickpea, spinach and sweet potato curry. Prince George can tuck into luxury steamed jam and coconut sponge with vanilla bean custard for dessert. Fresh fruit platters and yoghurts or dishes such as a Portuguese egg tart, tropical fruit smoothie or oven-baked oatmeal and raisin cookie served with a banana milkshake are other options on offer. Students at Thomas's are also given a mid-morning snack that may include organic milk or water with fresh fruit or a pain aux raisin. 