Luis Suarez is apparently keen to return to Barcelona when the summer transfer window reopens. And, what’s more, Joan Laporta is open to having him back. Previous comments from the player add credence to the claims, even if his move away from Catalonia was controversial two years ago. In 2020, Barcelona decided to let Suarez go. Ronald Koeman wanted to build for the future and, with Antoine Griezmann at his disposal, decided the third-highest goalscorer in their history was surplus to requirements. In the immediate aftermath of his transfer to Atletico Madrid, however, Suarez admitted that he’d love to come back one day. "Hello to all the 'culés'. I wanted to say goodbye to all of you,” he said in a video message to the club’s supporters. “And it's not an infinite goodbye, it's a see you later because I'm sure I'll come back to the club at some point. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “This club is the one that has given me everything. For all the great moments I have experienced thanks to all of you. I send you a big hug.” Suarez is, according to El Chiringuito, now determined to make a return to Barcelona this summer. And those comments suggest there’s credence to the claims given how much the Uruguay international enjoyed himself during his time in Catalonia. Laporta is said to be open to having Suarez back. He’s told the player to wait while Barcelona get their house in order as they look to give Xavi the best possible chance of La Liga glory next season. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here But other comments from Suarez suggest that some reparation damage would be required. Prior to leaving Barcelona, Koeman forced the 35-year-old to train alone. And the player himself suggested in September that he still harboured a grudge. "Yes [I believe in karma],” he said. "Karma, destiny, that they despise you, because I have not forgotten that last year in pre-season, [Barcelona] sent me to train on my own to make me angry, and I was a professional [despite that], as the coach said. "I was a professional and I would train every day without pouting because that is what I have to do, because I am like that and fate will have its own end." Suarez did say, though, that Barcelona were being poorly ran when he left. "The situation the club is experiencing hurts, having been there for many years, for having friends there, but the club knows that things are not being done as they should be done," Suarez added. "Hopefully, it will be a bump from which the club returns to where it was because there is a lot of future within the club." And, the following month, the veteran opened up on the way Koeman treated him. "The call from Koeman to tell me that [I wasn't in his plans] lasted 40 seconds, it's not the way to say goodbye to a legend,” he said. "First he told me that I wasn't in his plans, and then he told me that if I didn't get my contract sorted out I was going to play against Villarreal. "He lacked the personality to tell me clearly if he didn't want me or if it was really the club that didn't want me." If Suarez does return to Barcelona, it will be one of the biggest stories of the summer. He certainly seems happy to do so, especially given he’ll be a free agent. But Barcelona will likely think wisely about signing a striker who isn’t operating at the same high level he used to.