Housing Secretary Michael Gove told BBC Breakfast that the European Commission vice-president Maros Sefcovic enjoys a “good relationship” with the UK Government and that both were “fully committed” to resolving the issues over the protocol. But he claimed when it came to the “security” of the entire United Kingdom, the Government must adopt the position that “no option is off the table”.    Mr Gove said: “We’re going to negotiate with the EU in order to get the best possible outcome for the people of Northern Ireland. “But no option is off the table. Liz Truss will be meeting with Maros Sefcovic, the European Commission vice-president tomorrow. “They have a good relationship. They will try to make progress tomorrow. “I’m sure, in fact I know, that both of them are fully committed to making sure that we resolve some of the very difficult issues that have arisen. “You would expect a UK Government, when it’s thinking about the security of the entire United Kingdom, to say that there is no option that is off the table, and that’s absolutely right.”    Foreign secretary Liz Truss said today that Britain would not “shy away from taking action” to resolve the ongoing disagreements over Northern Ireland. Her comments follow a rejection from the UK Government of the latest European Union proposals to address the standoff. Ms Truss said that new EU proposals to rethink checks on goods moving between Britain and Northern Ireland failed to address the core problem, "and in some cases would take us backward". She said: "Prices have risen, trade is being badly disrupted, and the people of Northern Ireland are subject to different laws and taxes than those over the Irish Sea, which has left them without an Executive and poses a threat to peace and stability.” READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: ‘Taking us backwards!’ Truss stands firm as EU launches [LIVE]  She added: "The answer cannot be more checks, paperwork, and disruption. “Our preference has always been for a negotiated solution but (we) will not shy away from taking action to stabilise the situation in Northern Ireland if solutions cannot be found." London and Brussels have been trying for months to break a deadlock over the Northern Ireland protocol, a deal that London struck before it left the bloc and now says is unworkable. The deal in effect created a customs border in the sea between Northern Ireland and the rest of the United Kingdom to preserve the province's open land border with EU member state Ireland. DON'T MISS: Boris rages at EU - horror list of punishments on Brits uncovered [REVEAL]Brexit: 'Renegotiation not an option!'​ EU issues warning to UK [REPORT] Varadkar savages Boris in Brexit outrage as PM plots next move [REPORT]   Britain wants a full overhaul of the Protocol and has hinted at the possibility of unilaterally suspending part of it if no new deal can be reached. The move could lead to a suspension of a free trade agreement at a time when inflation is soaring and warnings have grown about a British recession this year. The increasing rhetoric has already led to alarm in European capitals, with EU negotiator Maros Sefcovic saying on Wednesday that the international treaty was not up for renegotiation. Mr Sefcovic and Ms Truss will meet tomorrow to continue negotiations over the protocol.   