Royal fans will rejoice at the news the Garden Parties at the Queen's royal residences in London and Edinburgh are to resume after a two-year stop prompted by the pandemic. However, their happiness will likely be marred by concerns for Her Majesty's health conditions, as the Palace announced the sovereign won't attend any of the official Parties. A statement released on May 5 read: "Her Majesty The Queen will be represented by other Members of the Royal Family at this year's Garden Parties, with details on attendance to be confirmed in due course." The Queen has been missing most engagements outside of palace walls since late October last year and it has since been reported she is experiencing mobility issues. Concerns for her health were initially sparked on October 20, when she pulled out of a two-day trip to Northern Ireland to follow her doctors' advice to rest for a few days. It later emerged the monarch had been taken to hospital on that same day to run a few "preliminary tests", the nature of which was never revealed. Earlier that month the monarch was seen attending events using a light walking stick, which a Palace source said she had adopted for "comfort" rather than for any specific ailment. Over the following week, the sovereign cancelled the public appearances she had already scheduled to attend - including a trip to Glasgow for the evening reception at the COP26 summit. However, she continued to perform her duties as sovereign and met, via video link or in person, a number of diplomats and award winners. In February, the Queen hosted a reception at Sandringham House on the eve of the 70th anniversary of her Accession Day. READ MORE: 'Nobody would be upset if he missed it' Lorraine slams Prince Harry Over the past two months, the sovereign missed two more key events - the Commonwealth Day service and the Maundy Thursday service, where she was represented by her son and heir Prince Charles. However, she stepped outside of Windsor Castle in late March to attend the service of thanksgiving for Prince Philip at Westminster Abbey. The monarch appeared in good health and walked down a shortened route from a side entrance near Poets' Corner to her seat only with the aid of a walking stick. Buckingham Palace stated the first Garden Party will take place at the Queen's residence in London next Wednesday. Two more similar events will be held at Buckingham Palace on May 18 and 25. In accordance with tradition, one Party will also be held at the Palace of Holyroodhouse in Edinburgh on June 29. The Palace announced the four Garden Parties less than a month before the beginning of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Between June 2 and 5, the countries and the royals will come together to mark the 70th year on the throne of the Queen. An array of events to take place during the long bank holiday weekend have already been announced - including a concert at Buckingham Palace. The first and one of the most anticipated engagements will be Trooping the Colour, with the parade returning to central London after two years. Wider members of the Royal Family are expected to attend a few events, including gathering on the balcony of Buckingham Palace to watch the traditional flypast and heading to St Paul's Cathedral for a service of thanksgiving. On June 4, horse racing fans will gather at Epsom racecourse for the Derby, the only British Classics the Queen is yet to win. However, she won't have a chance to triumph in her Jubilee year as all her three entries have been scratched, as it was announced earlier this week. It isn't known whether the monarch will attend any of the celebrations in her honour, but aides are believed to be devising special arrangements to make her presence possible and as comfortable as possible. In order to be part of the Trooping the Colour parade, the Queen may ditch the carriage and ride through London in a more comfortable 4x4 car, it has been claimed. 