Prince Harry and Meghan Markle signed a lucrative deal with the streaming giant to host and produce podcasts, estimated to be worth around 25 million US dollars (£18 million), in late 2020. But Spotify could ask the royal couple to talk about their lives as royals. The Daily Mail’s Royal Editor Rebecca English pointed out this is something Harry promised the Queen he "wouldn't do". Speaking to Palace Confidential on Mailplus, Ms English said: "They left the Royal Family, Harry and Meghan signed some very lucrative million-dollar deals with some of the biggest entertainment companies in the business. "Actually over the last two years have had precious little to show for it. "We keep on hearing things are coming but they don't seem to have materialised yet. "I think it’s fair to assume that there will be a lot of pressure on them to produce. READ MORE: Meghan could 'pull plug' on Jubilee return after bad publicity - claim "It goes back to the question, how much this will ratchet up the pressure on them to talk about their time as members of the Royal Family? "To talk about what it was like to be part of the institution of the monarchy – which are things that Harry promised his grandmother he wouldn't do." It comes as Meghan's animated show about a young girl has been dropped by Netflix. The Archewell Productions show Pearl - one of two projects announced as part of Harry and Meghan's Netflix deal - was set to focus on the adventures of a 12-year-old girl inspired by influential women from history. Meghan was to serve as an executive producer of the series alongside David Furnish - filmmaker and husband of Sir Elton John - according to an announcement published on the Archewell website last July. Pearl has been axed by Netflix as part of strategic decisions the streaming giant is making around animated series. It is understood Netflix has decided not to move forward with development on several projects, one of which is Pearl. DON'T MISS Harry and Meghan facing Netflix pressure to release show before memoir [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry set to 'do their own thing' at Jubilee [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry and Meghan's new TV show 'smacks of desperation' [VIDEO] This is believed to be not uncommon for development, and Netflix recently decided not to move forward with other animated series. Harry and Meghan signed a multimillion-pound deal with Netflix in 2020. The news that Pearl is being dropped comes after it emerged that Netflix lost 200,000 users over the first three months of 2022, falling well short of predictions it would add 2.5 million subscribers. Netflix has stumbled in the face of increased competition from the likes of Disney, Amazon Prime, and the reopening of cinemas.