There are also decisions to make with someone close who always works harmoniously alongside of you. Such transactions will go more smoothly. Where there are problems it will be with a known rival whose goals are similar to your own. They seem to be determined to put problems your way to slow your progress. It doesn’t matter if others in your work or home environments are rushing around in ever decreasing circles, you will not be rushed. You will prefer to approach what you are doing carefully and methodically. By the end of the day as others see your progress they might take a leaf out of your book. You need more challenge and excitement. Don’t be surprised to find yourself searching through job vacancies in your area. If this means handing in your notice, so be it. It is time to move on and far from considering what you are leaving behind, you are anticipating the wonderful opportunities that lie in store.  A training opportunity could mean sacrificing some of your leisure time but it will be well worth considering. If you and a workmate can’t seem to agree with each other, be willing to talk things through. You both have something to learn from and to teach each other You prefer to make your own mind up but sometimes it is necessary to gain a partner or someone else’s approval before you can act on your decisions. If you sense they may not like your ideas, be diplomatic. Stay calm and you will find a way to talk them around to your way of thinking. You will be first to be given the chance of a plum assignment. There is no time to hesitate about your response. The reason you have this offer is because people in positions of power are starting to notice how precise and careful you are in your approach to your work and they respect your skills and abilities.  Contracts now being discussed will affect your future in a big way. You can understand why someone is being very cautious. If they put forward an angle you hadn’t actually considered, it may cause some delay but give this some thought before going any further. You might admit that you aren’t exactly in glowing health. Still, if you are careful and organised, there should be no reason why you can’t get on with regular responsibilities. Just don’t jump to conclusions and do your best not to show your feelings when confronted with contentious situations. A platonic friendship or working relationship is changing. You get the impression someone is taking a romantic interest in you. If you are single, what’s the problem? If you like the idea, encourage this. If you’re married, you may have to consider your priorities.  You’re quite happy with the way things are at home at the moment and you won’t be keen to support any changes being discussed in this area. A housemate will also show their reluctance to change routines and together you will persuade others to keep things as they are. The answer to a puzzle that presents itself will be found if you pause and think back to a similar experience you have been through in the past. Encourage others to do this too for it will be either your own or a colleague’s past experiences that will reveal the best thing to do to get life running on smooth tracks again. Family and domestic affairs need attention. There are a number of jobs about the house you’ve been saying you would do for some time. Suddenly you will feel bogged down by mounting odds and ends and it will be a relief to spend some time getting them out of the way. 