Angela Levin, who met and interviewed Prince Harry for a book she wrote on him, launched an explosive attack against Meghan Markle and the duke just weeks before they are due to arrive in the UK for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations. She claimed it was “very difficult” to know what the couple are going to do because Harry is “determined to destroy” the Firm after he made the bombshell decision to ditch his royal duties in early 2020.  Her claims come after it was reported the couple are producing a reality-style documentary series with Netflix about their life. Ms Levin told The Sun: "You cant trust them, it’s very difficult to know what they're going to do. "Harry has now left the Royal Family and I think he is determined to destroy it."  Meghan, 40, and Prince Harry, 37, signed a deal – estimated to be worth around £72million with US streaming giant Netflix to create content that “informs but also gives hope” after they left the Royal Family and moved to the US in 2020. No content has been published by the couple so far, but a fly-on-the-wall documentary is reportedly in the works. A source claimed Meghan and Harry are reportedly taking part in an "at-home with the Duke and Duchess of Sussex-style" docu-series.  READ MORE: Harry and Meghan warned docuseries must include their children Tensions between the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, who share son Archie Harrison and daughter Lilibet Diana, and the Firm have been fraught since the couple publicly announced in January 2020 they wished to step back from royal duties and spend more time in the US away from the public spotlight. A later deal brokered by the Queen meant they went on their own way from April 2020. As part of the agreement, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex sought to carve out “a progressive new role”, with the aim to finance themselves.  DON'T MISS Sussexes snubbed from balcony over fears royals would 'resent' them [OPINION]Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan's latest move slammed [BLOG]Lilibet Diana christening: Prince Harry and Meghan 'could extend stay' [INSIGHT] The pair made their first public appearance together in Europe since quitting as senior working royals more than two years ago when they attended a reception at the Invictus games last month after meeting the Queen for tea at Windsor Castle. Most recently, Harry ruffled feathers when he appeared to issue a veiled warning to those closest to the Queen in an interview with NBC, saying he wanted to make sure his grandmother was "protected" and had "the right people around her".  Harry did not elaborate on whether he was referring to royal aides or members of his own family, but his comments are likely to have deepened his rift with his father the Prince of Wales and his brother the Duke of Cambridge as well as perplexing palace officials. After much speculation, the couple will return to the UK next month to join the Queen for her landmark celebrations.  The pair will not appear on the Buckingham Palace balcony after the Queen made the decision to grant permission to working royals only. This will be the first time the Queen meets Prince Harry’s young daughter, Lilibet, who is named after his beloved grandmother.