Lautaro Martinez ticks several key boxes for Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta as the north Londoners consider a bid for the Inter Milan striker this summer. Signing a striker is the Gunners' top priority with Arteta hopeful of signing two new frontmen with Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah both set to depart in July on free transfers. Manchester City's Gabriel Jesus, Benfica striker Darwin Nunez and Dominic Calvert-Lewin of Everton are among Arsenal's targets. But Martinez has also been added to their shortlist. The Times say the Argentine is rated at around £60million to £70m by Inter, and they add that the striker ticks several key boxes for Arteta. His aggressive style of play, pace, versatility, experience of winning trophies with Inter and Argentina and his age are all said to ideally suit the Spanish boss. The Arsenal manager is said to be keen to recruit younger players with the potential to improve considerably. Martinez, at 24 and turning 25 in August, fits that profile. The South American has 21 goals and three assists in 45 games this season after scoring 19 goals and supplying 11 assists in 48 matches last term as the Nerazzurri won Serie A. Arsenal have long-standing interest in Martinez, it is claimed, while Manchester United and Atletico Madrid are also keen ahead of the summer. Tottenham also wanted the player last summer and still like him but have other priorities. However, key to any deal is that Martinez wants a move to a Champions League club. Arsenal currently sit fourth in the Premier League table, two points clear of fifth-placed Tottenham and three below Chelsea in third. Arsenal are also particularly keen on Jesus, who is said to be valued at around £40m by Man City. The Brazilian is entering the final year of his contract at the Etihad, with City keen to sign Erling Haaland from Borussia Dortmund this summer. Asked if he has identified players for the summer already, Arteta said: "It's not as easy as that but the plan is very clear." He also told Sky Sports: "I don't think we are in a position where we can do that [make big like Alisson and Virgil van Dijk], so we have to find other ways to do it. "Liverpool, as well, have improved their players immensely, which is as important as bringing players in. And then, the ones that you buy, [it's important] that they can have an impact straight away. "That's a big decision they have to make in recruitment, and then they are human beings as well. They have to adapt, and sometimes that's a tricky question to answer before they are actually here."