The ‘Fast and Furious’ franchise has spawned 10 films, and next year will welcome its latest, ‘Fast X’. But tonight, viewers can go back to where it all began as it is shown on ITV. The first movie of the street-racing action saga, directed by Rob Cohen, was released back in 2001. Vin Diesel’s character oversees illegal high-octane street duels between some of Los Angeles’ hottest racers. Undercover cop Brian O'Conner, played by Paul Walker, infiltrates the racing subculture as he investigates a string of truck hijackings. Paul Walker starred in the five of the first six Fast films until he tragically died in a car crash in 2013. The star was aged 40 when he passed away following the high-speed accident in Los Angeles. The US actor was in the passenger seat of a red 2005 Porsche Carerra GT, driven by his business partner Roger Rodas. The car was travelling at more than 100mph in a 45mph zone when the driver lost control and crashed. JUST IN: ‘Trying to be respectful’ Will Smith asked Jada to be present for kissing scenes on Seven The pair had been test-driving the vehicle after it had been on display at a fund-raising event at a shop owned by Roger. Paul’s friend Jim Thorp told journalists at the scene what Paul had said to him before he got into the car. The star’s final words, his friend said, were: “Hey, let's go for a drive.” Jim added: “He lived his life and he died fast and furious. “He loved speed, he loved cars, and he had to die this way. He died in a very fast car with his friend.” The Los Angeles coroner published details about the fatal accident a month after Paul was killed. A 15-page report into the autopsy laid bare how the vehicle was almost severed in two due to the impact of the crash. The report read: “After the driver’s side of the vehicle hit a light pole and tree, the car continued spinning until Walker’s passenger side slammed into another tree and burst into flames.” The actor’s cause of death was the “combined effects of traumatic and thermal injuries”, the coroner said. Paul’s body was badly burnt after the car burst into flames following the crash. DON'T MISS: Amber Heard could face perjury probe after admitting she did not give $7m to charity [LATEST]David Jason’s 'disappointment' over being knighted by Queen: ‘Where’s the other bit?’ [INSIGHT]Queen's Jubilee: Meghan and Harry warned not to 'compete' with monarch [ANALYSIS] The actor fractured his collarbone, left arm and his jaw, as he was injured across his body. Neither Paul nor the driver had alcohol or drugs found in their blood, the autopsy revealed. At the time of his death, Paul was midway filming the seventh instalment of Fast, ‘Furious 7’, directed by James Wan. The remaining scenes were completed with a mixture of CGI and using Paul’s brothers as body doubles, although James was reluctant to say which films the actor was in. He told SlashFilm: “It’s very important that people go into this movie not fixated on trying to work out which is Paul, which isn’t Paul. “I want them to just watch the movie and enjoy the film and be caught up in the emotion of it all.” ‘The Fast and the Furious’ airs on ITV tonight from 10:45pm.