Cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch is also known for sharing her lifestyle and gardening hacks. The cleaning influencer, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, often shares gardening, cleaning and DIY content on her Instagram account which has more than 4.3 million followers. Now, fans of hers have created their own groups dedicated to sharing cleaning and gardening tips. On one such group, Facebook user Debbie Shelton asked Mrs Hinch gardening fans: “How can I kill off dandelions without killing my lawn. Thanks.” Debbie’s post received more than 230 comments from gardening enthusiasts. The most popular solution was to “dig” them out using either a knife, screwdriver or tool. Jean Quinn said: “Removing dandelions in the lawn. “Cut the dandelion out with a long knife. READ MORE: When to plant out courgettes - exact time to move seeds outdoors  “The roots are at least four to six inches in depth. “Make a deep cut downwards on all four sides around it and the dandelion and its long taproot will come out whole and not leave remnants of roots to re-grow.” Kimberley Duffy commented: “I dig them out my lawn with a sharp knife.” Lucy Spyrou wrote: “Butter knife - dig them out.  DON'T MISSCleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ hack to get rid of ants in homes [INSIGHT]Cleaning: How to clean washing machine drawers - 'cheap and effective’ [UPDATE]Jo Brand has 'brilliant time' at home in quiet Kent town [ANALYSIS] “Sprinkle of top soil and grass seed. Good to go.” Clare Durie replied: “As I plant lots of bee-friendly flowers. “I dig the dandelions out with a screw driver so you can get to the root! “I wouldn't use weedkiller as this will kill the bees too when they land on them.” Susan Feltner said: “Dig a garden fork either side of the plant and wiggle it about a bit. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea "This will loosen the earth, then gently pull the dandelion and it should come up easily with all the large root intact.” Linda Reid commented: “If you can pull them out with the root.” Lynn Shirley said: “A good way is to dig them out individually.” Caroline Mabbs replied: “Get a dandelion remover tool, pull them out by the roots, then give them to someone with rabbits or guinea pigs.” Vanessa O Rourke wrote: “Dig around the root with a knife. If roots come out they won’t come back.” Wilko Hand Weeder Carbon Steel costs £3. Spear & Jackson 4059NB Elements Dandelion Weeder is £5.99 from Amazon. Spear & Jackson Traditional Stainless Daisy Grubber is £8.95 from Homebase. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch gardening enthusiasts were to use white vinegar, salt or to just leave the plants. Emma 'Emmie' Freeman said: “If you feel you must remove certain plants, then any vinegar stronger than 11 percent in acidity would work.  “Although any product you do use may kill your grass around it too. “I do encourage you to not kill them. “I would also recommend not using any chemical weed killers, there are too many negative factors to list associated with them.” Amanda ODonovan wrote: “Pour salt into the middle of the plant and leave it to die back.” Janet McLeod said: “Leave the dandelions alone. “You do not have to have the perfect lawn. “Feed and preserve bees for without them you won't be around either.” Andrea Sleight replied: “Dandelions only grow in deficient soil, once the balance is restored which they do naturally, they die. “So they are a bit of a win win if you leave them alone.” Romany Jade Woolnough wrote: “They're actually there for a reason. It can be to do with your soil.”