Deborah James, 40, has shared her dying wish is to ensure she is able to raise “as much money as we can” for research into cancer. The BBC presenter, who was diagnosed with bowel cancer in 2016, started her BowelBabe fund last week after announcing her condition was rapidly deteriorating. Appearing on BBC Five Drive last week, Deborah said: “It's quite crazy actually, I always said before I died I wanted to do one last thing, my swan song if you want to say that, which was ensure I used my platform that I have built up over five years to be able to raise as much money as we can for research into cancer. “Because that is what we need. We need to stop things like this happening.” The fund has already smashed its £250,000 target and so far raised over £6m. Money donated to the campaign will go towards funding clinical trials and research that could result in new treatments for cancer patients. READ MORE: Jane McDonald sobbed in restaurant amid late fiancé's gesture After surpassing the £5m mark, the 40-year-old said: "We're completely lost for words. This is all just beyond anything we could have ever imagined." She added: "The last 5 days have been surreal. Thank you for putting a huge smile on my face, and helping us to launch a legacy to hopefully impact a lifetime cutting edge cancer care. Thanks to an incredibly generous donation earlier today, and to every single person who's donated to the @bowelbabefund, we've just reached the unbelievable total of £5m." The You, Me And The Big C host was diagnosed with bowel cancer in 2016, and has been sharing candid posts about her progress and diagnosis to hundreds of thousands of Instagram followers. The former headteacher was made a dame on Friday, after The Duke of Cambridge visited her at her parents' home in Woking, Surrey, to personally hand over the honour. Deborah said she was "utterly honoured" that Prince William had joined her family for afternoon tea but admitted her "cleaning antics and preparation went off the scale" as she got ready for the royal visit. Prince William and Kate had previously donated to her fund and thanked the campaigner for her "tireless efforts". Last week, Deborah told her followers had been moved to hospice-at-home care to treat her terminal bowel, saying she did not know "how long I've got left" now that her body was no longer "playing ball". She added she had left "no stone unturned" in search of treatment, but that even a "magic new breakthrough" would not make a difference. DONT MISS:BBC's Deborah James 'embraces rain' as it might be 'last time' (PHOTOS)A Place In The Sun's Danni Menzies flashes bottom in tiny bikini (NEWS)Demi Rose goes topless in new pic as she returns to 'natural' look (LATEST) She said she is spending this time with her family - including her two young children - at her parents home, adding: "We will dance through this together, sunbathing and laughing at every possible moment!" On Saturday, the mother-of-two said she is "getting weaker and more tired" and is running on "pure adrenaline". "My family are being amazing and as emotional as it all is, we are finding so much to smile about in the sadness," she said. "I always said I wanted to slide in sideways when my time is up, with a massive smile, no regrets and a big glass of champagne! Still my intention!" She told the BBC she was going to her parents' home for her final days because this meant her family home in London could remain home for her children without the "medical equipment scars" in their memories. Yesterday, Deborah said she was "embracing the feeling of the rain on her face" in a poignant Instagram story - because it might be the "last time" she feels it. On Monday, the You, Me And The Big C host shared a clip of her family's garden with the message: "A late friend once told me to embrace the rain, because you never knew when the last time you might feel the rain on your face is... so am embracing it! Albeit with blankets."