Former Conservative Party MP Michael Brown told GB News’ Eammon Holmes that the Tories were “lumbered with Boris” despite the fact he’s a “nightmare”. He said while Boris  Johnson is “still in danger” with the investigation of the privileges committee yet to be concluded, he would “get away with that”, before adding that inflation could prove the PM’s downfall because people “don’t know the pain that is coming”.    Mr Brown said: “Boris is a nightmare, chaotic, potentially lying, cheating in everything he has ever done, but at the end of the day never forget that Boris has been the best winner for the Tory party since Margaret Thatcher. “So, I think they’ve got to stick with him. There’s nothing else around. There’s no Rishi Sunak, chancellor, billionaire, how the hell can he be Prime Minister in his circumstances. “So, I think they’re lumbered with Boris. However, he is still in danger. He’s, first of all, got to get through this privileges committee report. “Did he deliberately lie? It’s a very high threshold. I think he’ll get away with that.”    The former Conservative MP went on to say that rising inflation rates would prove the most costly to Mr Johnson’s longevity as PM. He added: “The public don’t know the pain that is coming.” Mr Johnson reportedly cut a sombre figure in his meeting with Tory backbenchers yesterday afternoon at the 1922 Committee. He was said to have apologised for his behaviour again after PMQs and the Sue Gray report discussions, and pledged to move on with the issues at hand, such as the cost of living crisis. READ MORE: 'I deserve better than this fool!' Dr Shola tears Boris apart [REPORT]   The reports are in stark contrast to the backbench meeting he had following his first apology earlier this year, where he allegedly joked with staff about his comments. But some Tory MPs have made calls for the PM to step down nonetheless, with others reiterating that position against Mr Johnson. Julian Sturdy, the Conservative MP for York Outer, said: "The Sue Gray report clearly shows that the Prime Minister has presided over a widespread culture of disregard for coronavirus regulations. I am now unable to give the Prime Minister the benefit of the doubt and feel it is now in the public interest for him to resign." DON'T MISS: POLL: Do YOU think Sue Gray's report matters? [POLL] Sue Gray: the quiet woman who shuns glare of media spotlight [INSIGHT] 'We can’t afford a second longer on this' Boris Johnson fires back [REPORT]   Tobias Ellwood, an outspoken critic of Mr Johnson in light of Partygate, told the Commons yesterday: "I’ve made my point and my position very clear to the Prime Minister: he does not have my support. “But a question I humbly put to my colleagues is ‘are you willing day in and day out to defend this behaviour publicly?" Boris Johnson will now try to shift attention to the cost-of-living crisis, an issue he claims the public want him to “move on” to. Chancellor Rishi Sunak will announce today a new package of support likely to include a discount on energy bills funded by a windfall tax on oil and gas giants.   