Ray Liotta devastatingly died during the making of film Dangerous Waters in the Dominican Republic according to news outlet Deadline. Just days before his tragic death at 67, the Goodfella's actor was spotted tenderly holding hands with fiancée, Jacy Nittolo. The pair had been on a romantic stroll together in the Pacific Palisades area of California. That night, they had enjoyed a meal at Italian restaurant Spruzzo. Jacy and Ray appeared to be in good spirits and were seen laughing and smiling as they exited the restaurant. READ NOW: Corrie star Adam Rickitt's wife Katy bids farewell to ITV colleague According to reports, Ray was filming Dangerous Waters when he died. Jacy was said to be accompanying the star while he filmed the movie. The duo became engaged during the Christmas season of 2020. Dangerous Waters depicts a sailing holiday that goes horribly wrong. Ray had been relatively silent in the weeks leading up to his death. However, he did produce an Instagram post three weeks ago to publicise the newly released film, Cocaine Bear. Describing what fans could expect, he wrote: "Cocaine Bear follows an oddball group of cops, criminals, tourists and teens converging in a Georgia forest where a 500-pound apex predator has ingested a staggering amount of the white powder and goes on a coke-fueled rampage seeking more blow — and blood." DON'T MISS... Boy George, 60, ditches usual glam look in rare outing [PHOTOS] Kate Moss says Johnny Depp 'didn't push me' [LATEST] Rebekah Vardy's future 'in tatters' after ‘complete disaster’ trial [INSIGHT]  The cause of the legendary gangster actor's death is as yet uncertain. However, sources have claimed to TMZ that no foul play was suspected. Ray had a tumultuous early life after his birth in 1954, when he was abandoned by his mother. He spent the first six months of his life at a New Jersey orphanage before being adopted. Ray later moved to New York and then to LA, to pursue his dream of an acting career. The star is most known for his roles as Henry Hill in hit film Goodfellas, Shoeless Joe Jackson in Field of Dreams and Tommy Vercetti in the video game, Grand Theft Auto: Vice City. In 1990, Ray starred in his most notable acting role as real-life mobster Henry Hill in Martin Scorses's film, Goodfella's, which went on to win multiple awards. Since the news of his tragic death broke, tributes have been pouring in for the Hollywood star on social media.