Mr Palmer sat down with co-host Pandora Forsyth to discuss Prince Charle's Royal calendar. The Royal expert explained that the Duke of Cornwall was scheduled to be at the Commonwealth summit CHOGM event on Prince William's birthday next month. Prince Charles is expected to be joined at CHOGM with his wife Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall. Prince Charles has been taking on more responsibility as he attends events to represent The Queen, as he prepares to become the King of England in the near future. Mr Palmer told Express Royal Round Up: "June is going to be... Again I'm away for a bit of June. "Yeah, June is going to be so busy because we've got Prince William's 40th coming up. "Which I've not really turned my attention to at all, and indeed I think I may well be away while he's celebrating that. "Because the Prince of Wales is going with the Duchess of Cornwall to the Commonwealth summit CHOGM.  JUST IN: Met Office weather warning: Blood rain set to strike as thunderstorm alert raised     Mr Palmer added: "The Commonwealth has a Government meeting in Rwanda, so I'm hoping to go on that trip. "I haven't gone to Canada this week with Charles and Camilla but I do intend to go on that one." Prince Charles sacrificing attending Prince William's 40th birthday hasn't come as a shock to many Royal correspondents. As it was announced a few weeks ago that specific members of the Royal Family, which include Prince Charles, Prince William and the Duchess of Cornwall.  READ MORE: Russian soldier accused of war crimes pleads guilty to killing civilian in landmark trial     Royal expert Robert Jobson explained that the Queen needed to rest as she prepares for her Platinum Jubilee. Mr Jobson told GB News earlier today: "The Palace have known for some time that they have got to pace the Queen. "And this particular thing for London, in particular, the Crossrail project is huge, absolutely huge for millions of people it's got her name attached to it too. "As we saw at the Windsor Horse show as well, but in all honesty, we don't expect too much of her."  Marlene Koenig a royal historian also echoed a similar sentiment. Ms Koenig told Express.co.uk: “He has been taking on more. “The fact that William was there too. That was his first time in Parliament.  “But they were there as counsellors of state. It is not a surprise. “You have a Sovereign who is 96 years old and an heir who is in his seventies — so, it is not surprising that she is delegating.” 