Boris Johnson's career at Number 10 is in jeopardy once more this week, as fresh Partygate revelations contained in Sue Gray's report have caused a political stir. New pictures included in the report showed the Prime Minister's presence at parties during the height of the Covid lockdown on several occasions between 2020 and 2021. The fallout from the new evidence has spread across Westminster, and notably compelled a fresh cohort of Tory MPs to publicly excoriate him. Several Conservative MPs have criticised the Prime Minister since Partygate ignited in late 2021, with many declaring they had lost confidence in Mr Johnson. Early objectors included arch Brexiteer MP Andrew Bridgen and Tobias Ellwood, with David Davis calling out the Prime Minister in Parliament with the most high-profile call for his resignation in "the name of God". Ms Gray's conclusion that Number 10 was at fault due to “failures of leadership and judgment" appears to have convinced a mixture of backbench and senior Tories to change their minds. READ MORE: Top Tory minister humiliates Emily Thornberry In the day since Ms Gray's report was released on May 25, four more have come forward. Backbench MP Julian Sturdy was the first to rescind his confidence in the PM on the day, as he said it was in the "public interest" for him to resign. John Baron and David Simmonds, the MPs for Basildon and Ruislip, Northwood and Pinne, followed today. Mr Baron said the conclusions from Ms Gray's damning report showed a "shameful pattern of misbehaviour" from the Prime Minister's office.  The most senior Tory to come forward post-Partygate report is Stephen Hammond, who has served in various Government positions since taking office in 2005, and is the MP for Wimbledon. On May 26, he said in a statement that the report was "damning" for the Prime Minister and civil service. He added: "All I can do as a backbencher is speak out and submit a letter."   The most senior Tory to come forward post-Partygate report is Stephen Hammond, who has served in various Government positions since taking office in 2005, and is the MP for Wimbledon. On May 26, he said in a statement that the report was "damning" for the Prime Minister and civil service. He added: "All I can do as a backbencher is speak out and submit a letter."   With three additional MPs coming out against Mr Johnson this week, the total has risen to 27 who have expressed their dissatisfaction with the Prime Minister. Growing discontent within the Conservative Party could eventually create a movement to vote him out known as a "no confidence vote". The party's Parliamentary 1922 Committee can only launch a vote of no confidence with 58 no confidence letters, and relatively few MPs have confirmed sending one.  MPs who have spoken out against the Prime Minister include: 