The Foreign Secretary reiterated last night the sentiments of all the political parties in Northern Ireland – which spoke with Boris Johnson about the issue on Monday – that the Protocol required revisions before being fully implemented. Noting that negotiations over the issue have dragged on for 18 months, including talks between Maros Sefcovic, European Commission vice-president, and Lord Frost, adding that the UK’s proposal “fundamentally respects both unions”. The Government announced yesterday (Tuesday) that it was planning legislation that would unilaterally revise parts of the post-Brexit border agreement. In a statement to the House of Commons, Ms Truss said the legislation would look to ease restrictions surrounding the movement of goods across the border, instituting a “green lane” for goods intended to be sold in Northern Ireland, and apply the UK’s tax regime to Northern Ireland. The Prime Minister has said that the UK’s intention was to find a negotiated solution with the EU, but that the legislation was an insurance policy to protect the Good Friday Agreement. The Government has been repeatedly frustrated by the EU’s obstinate rejection of changes to the Protocol itself – which would require a new mandate – after announcing an initial set of proposals last year. READ MORE: Liz Truss's Brexit plan to take another YEAR - Tory rebels plot In October, the European Commission had announced a series of concessions to border restrictions around Northern Ireland to ease delays. However, the Government maintains that the checks proposed in the Protocol – which have yet to be fully implemented – would cause unnecessary hardship. Political turmoil in Northern Ireland – which promises to remain unresolved until changes to the Protocol have been made – threatens a fragile peace in the region. Ms Truss said: “No one wants to return to the past. The basis for successful power-sharing remains strong. But the Belfast (Good Friday) Agreement is under strain.” Hours after the announcement, Mr Sefcovic put out a statement, voicing “significant concerns” and saying that if the UK were to act unilaterally, the EU “will need to respond with all measures at its disposal”. The EU negotiator noted the part the Protocol played in the other UK-EU agreements, hinting at a possible retaliation through the trade and cooperation agreement. Mr Sefcovic maintained: “The potential of the flexibilities proposed by the European Commission is yet to be fully explored. They can deliver a real difference on the ground.” Writing in the Telegraph last night, Ms Truss shot back: “The UK has proposed a comprehensive solution to address the barriers created between Great Britain and Northern Ireland. DON'T MISS:Douglas Murray says hated Brexit deal proves the EU wants to punish UK [REACTION]'Will respond!' EU's fiery retort as Truss reveals Brexit masterplan [UPDATE]Liz Truss may not done enough to satisfy Protocol critics [INSIGHT] “Our solution would maintain Northern Ireland’s place in the UK’s internal market, ensure there is no hard border, and protect the EU Single Market. “This requires a change to the Protocol itself, as its current drafting prevents this solution being implemented. “But the EU’s mandate does not allow the Protocol to be changed, and they have so far been unwilling to consider such a change.” She added that Northern Irish vendors “are not able to benefit from the same economic decisions as the rest of the UK” due to the deal, and face “particularly burdensome” customs checks. Ms Truss said that ministers “will remain open for further talks”, but that “as the Government of the whole UK, we have a responsibility to resolve this situation. “We are clear that the EU will not be negatively impacted – just as we have ensured the protection of the EU single market since the existence of the Protocol.” She added: “Our approach fundamentally respects both unions: the UK and the EU. “By taking the necessary steps to preserve peace and stability, we will live up to our commitments to all communities of Northern Ireland.”