Piers Morgan, 57, has said that it will be “over” for Boris Johnson after the prime minister appeared not to know who Lorraine Kelly was during a Good Morning Britain interview with Susanna Reid. Piers slammed the PM’s performance after the interview. The former GMB host reacted to the interview with his former co-star. During the interview, Boris asked Susanna: “Who’s Lorraine?” It came after Susanna told Boris that Lorraine would continue to question him after their segment ended. Lorraine hosts the show directly after GMB. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman praised after rescuing stranded hiker on mountain Piers discussed the moment on his TalkTV show, Piers Morgan Uncensored, in a chat with Tom Newton-Jones. The host said: “We all know Lorraine Kelly. I think he knows Lorraine Kelly. “He just didn’t know what on earth was going on in that whole interview.” Piers added that he thought Susanna “skewered” Boris in the interview. He commented: “I thought Susanna skewered him beautifully. “He just lost his way and lost his mind, as he does so often. “The trouble is he can probably survive partygate to a degree, maybe even survive surging inflation. “He can’t survive insulting Lorraine Kelly – it’s over. It’s over for him.” DON'T MISS...Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker steal Met Gala spotlight [PICS]Brooklyn Beckham shirtless as Nicola Peltz dares to bare at Met Gala [LATEST]Anne Hegerty reacts to Mark Labbett's The Chase replacement [INSIGHT] Piers left GMB last March in a row over Meghan Markle's claims about the Royal Family. The controversial news journalist said it was “good to see” Boris back on the ITV show. He joked that it “only took him five years”. The star also praised Susanna for how she handled the interview which saw Boris come under fire for his handling of the issue of a 77-year-old woman who rides the bus all day as she cannot afford to heat her home. He tweeted jokingly that he would be going “back into the fridge” after the interview. It refers to an infamous TV moment in which the PM hid in a fridge to avoid GMB questions in the run up to the 2019 election. Piers has hosted Piers Morgan Uncensored since it began airing on April 25. It airs weeknights at 8pm on TalkTV and on YouTube.