 Britain's Got Talent 2022 is heating up, with Saturday's instalment being the last audition stage ahead of shortlisting for the semi-finals. The show was full of child performers and youthful acts, which were interspersed between elderly keyboard players and singers. One act, however, seemed rather familiar to viewers. Attraction Juniors followed in the footsteps of the show's seventh season winner, Attraction, as they performed a heartfelt shadow dance.    Nine years after winning the show, Attraction took to the stage with its younger reincarnation. Formed by the original group leader, Szűcs Zoltán, Attraction Junior was made up of several performers aged between 10 and 19. Hailing from Hungary, the children's shadow theatre group performed an expressive and moving routine around the theme of bullying to the song Tomorrow by Marisha Wallace. Moving the panel and hosts Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly to tears, the troupe received four yeses. Read More: Piers Morgan rages ‘fame hungry’ Meghan will ‘hijack headlines’ from Queen at jubilee  Some viewers of the show wanted more and for the team to make it straight through to the semi-finals. @TinyPurplePug tweeted: "Have to say they were absolutely amazing! "Think the judges have wasted their golden buzzers cos they should've got one #BGT." Funmi Olutoye added: "Attraction Juniors!!!! That deserves a golden buzzer. #BGT."  "Attraction are still the best winners of #BGT in my opinion," @RyanGSoapKing11 chimed in. @WhoPotterVian stated: "If any kid act wins BGT, it should be Attraction Junior. "Yes, it may not be as good as the main Attraction, but it's still a beautiful and profound act. #bgt" Some spectators thought the winner of the show should have no previous links to the contestant. DON’T MISS…The Last Kingdom's Eliza Butterworth admits co-star Alexander Dreymon 'blows me away' [LATEST]'He's awful!' Question of Sport fans slam captain's sports knowledge 'Every week' [LATEST]Midsomer Murders welcomes back John Nettles for a special episode 'Tribute to the talent' [LATEST]     @Rosiemay_ described: "Not going to lie, I don't think it's very fair having a junior group of someone who already won #bgt on the show. Can't exactly say no, can you?" @shrimpsy291 added: "Yeah, they were ok but not a patch on the original Attraction for me #BGT." Also appearing on the show were the Teletubbies, who also performed a dance routine, 80-year-old keyboard player Maria Evans and martial arts group Team Unite. The coveted Golden Buzzers in question were already given, with some being pressed very early on in the season, which meant the final few auditionees had a harder road to the semi-final.    