Angela Levin launched a scathing attack on the Duke of Sussex saying his reported decision to play polo instead of attending the Queen’s milestone celebrations “blow away any hint he really cares about his grandmother”. Ms Levin tweeted to her more than 38,000 followers: “Harry's priorities of polo over jubilee blow away any hint he really cares about his grandmother, whatever excuses he comes up with.  “Many people will be relieved he stays away but not the most important person of all - The Queen.” Her comments come after Omid Scobie, friend of Prince Harry’s wife Meghan Markle, claimed the father-of-two would play the rest of the 12 goal pool season in Santa Barbara, California with his Los Padres teammates until mid-June. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are yet to confirm their plans and confirm or deny any return to the UK.  But Mr Scobie, author of Finding Freedom, said the duke would play in the Folded Hills Pope Challenge between May 9 and May 15, Lisle Nixon Cup between May 20 and May 29 and the Cheval Athletics USPA Intra-Circuit which takes place between June 3 and June 19. This would mean Prince Harry would not be able to attend the Queen’s Bank Holiday celebrations to mark 70 years on the throne, which takes place between Thursday, June 2 to Sunday, June 5. Royal blogger Gert's Royals also pointed out the timing appeared to show that Harry won’t be returning to the UK to join his family on Buckingham Palace’s balcony.  READ MORE:Prince Harry enjoys 'change in diet' in USA with upcoming polo match In a tweet, she wrote: “The Cheval Athletics USPA Intra-Circuit starts the same weekend as the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee Events, so I guess the Sussexes have made up their mind about attending that.” Last week, Prince Harry was spotted playing in a polo match with his close friend Nacho Figueras while his adoring wife Meghan watched on. The game was played at Santa Barbara Polo and Racquet Club for the annual Harry East Memorial Tournament in Montecito, where the Sussexes reside.  DON'T MISS'Nobody would be upset if he missed it' Lorraine slams Prince Harry [VIDEO]Prince Harry's rumoured Jubilee absence has fans 'losing patience'[INSIGHT]Harry & Meghan in BIG trouble, says CAROLE MALONE [COMMENT] Prince Harry and Meghan currently live in California with their two young children Archie Harrison and Lilibet Diana after making the bombshell decision to leave the Firm in early 2020. The pair made their first public appearance together in Europe since quitting as senior working royals more than two years ago when they attended a reception at the Invictus games last month after meeting the Queen for tea at Windsor Castle. The move sparked speculation the pair would be back in the UK to attend the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations, even taking a place on Buckingham Palace balcony.  But Prince Harry has so far refused to commit, saying of the potential visit: “I don't know yet. “There's lots of things.. security issues and everything else. So this is what I'm trying to do, trying to make it possible that, you know, I can get my kids to meet her.”  The Queen has not yet met Prince Harry’s young daughter, Lilibet, who is named after his beloved grandmother.