The 1955 Mercedes-Benz 300 SLR Uhlenhaut Coupé is only one of two such versions in existence and was auctioned off earlier this month. Auction house RM Sotheby’s announced that the classic car had sold for £114.4million - equivalent to €135million and $143million. The buyer, who has chosen to remain private, had the winning bid placed on their behalf by Simon Kidston, head of historic car specialist Kidston SA. The £114.4million car is a new world record for any car, more than doubling the previous record. The now-second most expensive car was the Ferrari 250 GTO which was sold in 2018 for £52million - less than the bidding price opened at for the 300 SLR. Just two of the 300 SLR Uhlenhaut Coupés were ever manufactured by Mercedes-Benz, which were named after the firm’s chief engineer, Rudolf Uhlenhaut. READ MORE: Sadiq Khan plans to 'punish drivers' by expanding ULEZ across London The remarkable 300 SLR was based on the hugely successful W 196 R Grand Prix car which won two World Championships in the hands of Juan Manuel Fangio, but with its engine enlarged to 3.0 litres for sports car racing. The car was capable of 180mph, making it one of the fastest road legal cars to have ever been created at the time. The 300 SLR now sits in the top 10 most valuable items ever sold at auction. Marcus Breitschwerdt, Head of Mercedes-Benz Heritage, said: “We are proud that we can contribute with our historical collection to this initiative connecting the past with the future of engineering and decarbonisation technology. DON'T MISSDrivers will regret choosing hybrids over electric cars [WARNING]Driver fined £100 for staying in car park for just four minutes [SHOCKING]Drivers 'need support' after huge diesel law changes as costs spike [INSIGHT] “The private buyer has agreed that the 300 SLR Uhlenhaut Coupé will remain accessible for public display on special occasions. “The second original 300 SLR Coupé remains in company ownership and will continue to be displayed at the Mercedes-Benz Museum in Stuttgart.” The car sold was chassis 00008/55 - the second of the two cars built by Mercedes-Benz. It was the car that Uhlenhaut himself used frequently. The money raised from the historic sale will be donated to establish a worldwide “Mercedes-Benz Fund”. This will provide educational and research scholarships in the areas of environmental science and decarbonisation for young people. Peter Wallman, Chairman, UK and EMEA at RM Sotheby’s, said it was an “absolute honour” to be involved in the auction process. He hailed the “importance and significance” of the sale, adding that nobody ever imagine that the car would be offered for sale. The sale itself took place on May 5, at an auction held at the Mercedes-Benz Museum in Stuttgart, Germany. RM Sotheby’s worked in close cooperation with Mercedes-Benz throughout the entire process to ensure the sale was concluded to the highest possible standard. Oliver Barker, Chairman of Sotheby’s Europe, also praised the sale, saying: “What an absolute thrill to bring the hammer down on this masterpiece of design and engineering, which now stands shoulder to shoulder with the greatest works of art ever sold. “Few ever dreamt that this great jewel of motoring history would ever come for sale, and how fitting that it should happen now, just as we embark on a new and exciting chapter with our partners at RM Sotheby’s.”