The monthly Democracy Institute/ Express.co.uk poll of 1,500 Americans who are “likely voters” has shown that 43 percent are “OK” with Ukraine losing compared to 41 percent “not OK” while 16 percent have no opinion. This comes despite the heroic attempts of Ukraine President Zelensky to garner worldwide support against the Russian invasion. But Democracy Institute has warned that the reason for this is “cynicism” of Government policies created by the fact “at least half of Americans thought they were hoodwinked over covid” lockdowns. In another worrying development, Americans also appear to be losing confidence in the sanctions regime against Vladimir Putin’s Russia with 53 percent believing it hurts the USA more with the cost of living crisis the top political issue. The findings are yet another blow to the Democrats and Joe Biden with voters clearly showing their intention to back the Republicans in the midterm elections in November by 50 percent ro 42 percent. While Biden polls negatively in all policy areas one of the worst is foreign policy where 56 percent disapprove compared to 40 percent approve. This follows the catastrophic handling of the Afghanistan withdrawal in 2021 but also appears to have shattered confidence in his Russia/ Ukraine policy. In fact according to the poll for a second month in a row more Americans believe that it would be better for Biden to leave office than Putin by 53 percent to 44 percent. Only 38 percent approve of Biden’s handling of the Ukraine crisis compared to 52 percent disapprove. And there is a reluctance to have Putin removed from power by 48 percent to 46 percent. They also only see Russia as the fourth biggest threat on 16 percent behind China (42 percent), Irain (20 percent) and North Korea (18 percent). The findings show that foreign policy has not save Biden’s presidency and now 63 percent do not believe he will be reelected in 2024. In every scenario against different Democrats Donald Trump would easily win, according to the poll opening the possibility of his expected comeback. Added to that if the Republicans win big majorities in the House of Representatives and the Senate, Biden will be facing potential impeachment proceedings similar to those instigated against Trump by the Democrats. READ MORE: Keir Starmer mocked for acting 'like he's won Champions League' The charges will relate to his son Hunter’s relations in Ukraine and allegations of corruption which were controversially quashed by Facebook and Twitter during the 2020 Presidential election. Patrick Basham, Director of the Democracy Institute, has explained in a video interview with Express.co.uk [above] that he believes covid policy and the failure of lockdowns combined with a cost of living crisis has had an impact on the Ukraine crisis. He said: “There is no question that most Americans oppose the Russian invasion, they don’t like Russia, they don’t like Putin but they reflect a very cynical view at this point of what is happening. “Americans were very pro sanctions at first, they are not as keen on the sanctions as they were. “The problem for Biden and Republicans and those in the media who have bbeen promoting this approach is that Biden made these predictions at the outset - the ruble would be rubble, we were going to crash the Russian economy, people will rise up, Putin will be out, the Russians will run away from Ukraine. DON'T MISS POLL: Should Boris Johnson resign over local election results? [REACT] Starmer is the big loser from the local elections not Boris [INSIGHT] Local election results 2022 mapped: Find out how your area voted here [REVEAL] “Two months in obviously the thing isn’t over however, none of those things have happened yet or look likely to happen soon.” He pointed out that gas prices are going up in America like the rst of the west and the sanctions are making it worse. “Amercians are saying ‘given that we are not getting what was advertised wy are we paying this price and getting nothing for it?’” He also said Americans fear that Ukraine can only win with Americans troops on the ground adding that “overwhelmingly don’t want troops on the ground or a no fly zone” called for by Zelensky. “They fear that is coming,” he added. He went on: “The analogy here is with covid. The media and the political establishment around the west were able to dominate public opinion and shepherd most populations aroun to do this not do that because of the seriousness of the crisis as advertised by them.  “The problem [now] is that at least half of the country in America thinks they were hoodwinked over a lot of the covid stuff. “So they are even more cynical about government and media than they were two years ago. “There’s a groundswell of people saying ‘I don’t know if we are getting the truth here and even if we are it’s just not going the way we were told it would.’ “Just like flattening the curve in a matter of weeks didn’t go the way it was advertised.” 