Ranvir Singh, 44, has told fans to stay vigilant after discovering a social media profile that was impersonating her and trying to scam people. The Good Morning Britain star took to Instagram over the weekend to issue the warning to her 120,000 followers. She shared a screenshot of the fake profile on her story, asking fans not to “engage” with the person behind it. Ranvir wrote: “This is not me. Someone is asking for money in exchange for my photos. Pls do not engage with it.” (sic) Elsewhere on the social media site, Ranvir was inundated with praise after she announced her latest collaboration with a charity. The journalist revealed she had joined the Refuge charity team to help provide support to victims of domestic abuse. She shared a video of herself in her feed telling her fans how she felt “absolutely thrilled and honoured” to become an ambassador for Refuge. Ranvir added in the caption: “I’ve been wanting this for almost ten years, and now I can say how privileged I feel to finally be part of the @refugecharity family. “I look forward to learning and giving whatever I can to improve the lives of women and children facing domestic abuse. “Call the 24-hour National Domestic Abuse Helpline on 0808 2000 247 for confidential, non-judgemental information and support. #ambassador #domesticabuse.” Fans and friends of the TV star rushed to the comments to commend her for taking on the role and helping those who are in need of safety. Traceycole101 penned: “So very well done Ranvir. An excellent cause.” Midlife.adventurers wrote: “Oh my goodness… this is fantastic news. I’m so proud of you my wonderful friend.” Mrmusels said: “I’m so immensely proud of you ranvir. You’re an amazing beautiful lady.” DON'T MISSHelen Mirren, 76, unrecognisable in heavy makeup and hair extensions [PICTURES]Tom Hanks' feud with Ricky Gervais laid bare: 'He's on his high horse' [INSIGHT]Eamonn Holmes set to undergo surgery as host unable to walk his dog [LATEST] Sujiththomasphilip commented: “Super proud. Best wishes for the cause.” Refuge issued a statement on their website welcoming Ranvir and actress Saffron Hocking as their new ambassadors. The statement read: “Refuge, the country’s largest single provider of specialist domestic abuser services, is delighted to announce journalist Ranvir Singh and actress Saffron Hocking as Ambassadors. “Both have played an important role in highlighting domestic abuse and violence against women and girls in their respective fields. “Ranvir, a prominent journalist, has covered stories on domestic abuse throughout her career, and Saffron, an actress, is currently playing Lauryn, in Top Boy, a young female character who experiences abuse.” Ranvir added in her official statement: “As a journalist, I know how common domestic abuse is, and the devastating impact it has on women’s lives. “Throughout my career, I have seen how misogyny underpins so much violence against women and girls, and how pervasive domestic abuse is. “Refuge’s work, ensuring all women and children can live a life free from abuse and fear is one that strikes a chord with me, it’s a hugely important cause and I’m grateful to be able to work with Refuge to raise awareness and create much-needed change for women and girls.” You can contact Refuge 24-Hour National Domestic Abuse Helpline on 0808 2000 247 or visit their website here