A quintessentially English city, with its medieval roots and historic architecture, Winchester is a picture-perfect example of what those outside the UK expect Britain to be like. Heritage buildings scattered across the skyline, with streets lined with the type of properties you think about living in, it's seemingly glowing with loveliness throughout. Today, Winchester combines the best of city life with the freshness of the surrounding countryside. One hour from London, this is England as it ought to be. Home of good food and the country's largest farmers' market, birthplace of the modern game of cricket, resting place of author Jane Austen and inspiration to the many craft-makers and artists who live here, Winchester is truly a destination for all seasons. In recent years, Winchester has been handed many accolades, including "best place to live" and "happiest place" in the UK.  It's well-loved by those who live there and for many more, a dream location. So much so, it's become one of the most sought-after places in the UK. One of the many reasons Winchester is seen as a desirable place to live is its close proximity to London. It's conveniently about an hour away on the train, meaning it's an entirely reasonable commute without having to live in the capital. It's also just a couple of train stops from Southampton airport - and just three from the port. Winchester is undoubtedly a prosperous area. The leafy tree-lined roads and immaculate buildings suggest a thriving and affluent area. There's houses from all eras here, ranging from Victorian villas, spacious Georgian townhouses and modern new builds. Winchester has a vibrant and active cultural scene, too. Famed for its regular festivals and events, there's seemingly always something happening. From numerous food festivals throughout the year to comedy and music galas, fairs and literary events, there's plenty of excuses to get out and celebrate the best of the city with the rest of the community. READ MORE: Durham: The £1m property, the doer-upper & the average home The average house price within a 20 mile radius of Winchester over the last 12 months stands at £454,000, according to OnTheMarket. Express.co.uk, in partnership with OnTheMarket, has found different homes for sale in the region. This includes a home worth over £1million, a property which has huge renovation potential and a property worth the average asking price in Winchester. Property: Four bedroom detached house Location: Stockers Avenue, Winchester Price: £1,250,000 Marketed by: Belgarum, Winchester, via OnTheMarket This property has been well looked after and has been cleverly extended to the ground and first floor. The ground floor boasts versatile accommodation enjoying a sitting room, family room, an open plan kitchen/dining room with a separate study, utility room and two cloakrooms. The first floor is home to three double bedrooms all of which are served by a modern family bathroom. DON'T MISS:Cleaning: How to remove yellow pillow stains - ‘easiest way’ [TIPS]Garden pests: ‘Most effective way’ to get rid of pigeons from gardens [EXPERT]Lawn task you should ‘never’ do - ‘complete waste of time, energy a... [INSIGHT] The master bedroom is a stunning room which features a large dressing room which flows beautifully into the en-suite shower room. Outside the property sits back from the road with a carriage driveway which provides parking for multiple cars and separate detached garage. The spacious wrap around garden boasts beautifully planted borders, a lawn and a patio area. Situated within this sought-after position just off Dean Lane to the north west of the City Centre, Stockers Avenue is a peaceful residential road. Property: Two bedroom terraced house Location: Couch Green, Martyr Worthy Price: £399,950 Marketed by: Hellards Estate Agents, Alresford, via OnTheMarket This is a two bedroom end of terrace house in need of renovation, set within a quiet cul-de-sac in a semi-rural location. The property has a first floor bathroom with the space the bathroom used to take up now benefitting the kitchen. The house is approached from the driveway, with the front door opening to a small hallway, a further door opens to the sitting room, which has a tiled fireplace. There is a window overlooking the front garden and a patio door to the rear garden. A door opens to the kitchen and dining room, which has some fitted units and worktops, a front facing window and a door to the rear garden. Upstairs, there are two bedrooms, one of which has an airing cupboard housing the hot water tank and a bathroom with a panel enclosed bath, low level WC and wash hand basin. Outside, the rear garden faces south and is mainly laid to lawn and parking to the rear with access via a separate driveway. Couch Green is well placed for access to Winchester, the railway station and motorway network. There is direct rail access to London from Winchester station, which is about 10 to 12 minutes' drive away. Property: Four bedroom semi-detached house Location: Conduct Gardens, Eastleigh Price: £435,000 Marketed by: David Evans Estate Agents, Eastleigh, via OnTheMarket This impressive three bedroom detached home is situated on a most desirable modern development with communal green areas. Through a welcoming entrance hallway, you will be greeted by a ground floor cloakroom, modern fitted kitchen/breakfast room and a well proportioned lounge with wide opening to an orangery overlooking the rear garden. Fitted with a range of high quality cream gloss fronted cabinets with stainless steel handles, the kitchen comes equipped with top of the range appliances. To the first floor are two double bedrooms with an ensuite shower room to the master and a well proportioned third bedroom. Two out of the three bedrooms houses fitted wardrobes accessed by sliding doors providing a good degree of hanging rail and storage. The landscaped rear garden is enclosed by timber fencing and a flagstone patio, plus an attached garage makes this a very desirable home and a property not to be missed. There is also an enclosed courtyard garden to the front of the property. Within a short stroll, Eastleigh Town centre offers a good selection of amenities to include a good range of day to day shops, medical centres and commuter links. Next week, we will be choosing three properties from in and around Windsor.