Thomas Markle was rushed to hospital on Tuesday after having a stroke. The estranged father of Meghan Markle had planned to visit the UK in June for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations, hoping to reunite his daughter and meet his grandchildren, Archie and Lilibet, for the first time. His relationship with Meghan has suffered in recent years, and the fallout even led him to say that he wanted to apologise to the Queen and the Royal Family. He made the comments in a documentary that aired on Channel 5 in January 2020 just as the Sussexes' announced their plans to step back as senior royals. Mr Markle discussed the fact that he did not walk Meghan down the aisle when she married Prince Harry in 2018, and said: "I want to apologise to the Queen and to the Royal Family,” shortly after claiming: "I want to do that and I was told by them 'don't'. "And I was scheduled to go to the airport and fly to England because they still wanted me to come to the wedding and be at the wedding. "And at that time I got a massive heart attack and was then taken to the Sharp hospital, across the border." Mr Markle also claimed portrayals of him in the media had been unfair and that he decided to take part in the documentary "because I want everyone to know that I'm not all the trashy things that are being said about me". He continued: "I want Harry and Meghan to see this video and know that this is not fair." Mr Markle also told Channel 5 that Meghan and Harry "owe" him and added that Meghan should "look after her daddy." He said: "At this point, they owe me. The royals owe me. Harry owes me, Meghan owes me. What I've been through, I should be rewarded for. "My daughter told me that when I reach my senior years she'll take care of me. I'm in my senior years now – it's time to look after daddy." Channel 5 told NBC News that Mr Markle was paid to participate in the documentary titled 'Thomas Markle: My Story' A statement read: "We mention within the program that he has been paid as part of the editorial and have been transparent about this. We never reveal how much we pay contributors." READ MORE: Meghan Markle told to 'reconsider' cruel feud with father While her father was very vocal in the media over the last three years, Meghan remained quiet. But in the Sussexes' interview with Oprah Winfrey in March 2021, she broke her silence, revealing that she felt “betrayed” when Mr Markle initially denied “working with the tabloids”. She said: “When I asked him he said ‘no, absolutely not’. “I said, ‘I just need you to tell me and if you tell me the truth, we can help.’ And he wasn’t able to do that.” She added that it had become harder for her to understand her father’s motivations since becoming a mother. Meghan said: “I look at Archie, I think about this child, and I genuinely can’t imagine doing anything to intentionally cause pain to my child. I can’t imagine it. So it’s hard for me to reconcile that. DON'T MISSMeghan Markle under pressure to reunite with ailing father [INSIGHT]Prince Harry treated 'just one of the guys' in Californian polo team [ANALYSIS]Royal Family LIVE: Queen warned Harry and Meghan risk 'overshadowing' [INSIGHT] “Look, they’ve hunted my mum down, and you’ve never heard her say a word. She’s remained in silent dignity for four years, watching me go through this.”After the interview, Mr Markle vowed he would continue speaking to the press and admitted lying to his daughter about working with the press, adding he wished he "hadn’t done the whole thing." Speaking on Good Morning Britain, he warned his daughter that he would keep up his media appearances until she got in contact with him. He said: “If I don’t hear from them in 30 days, I’ll do another one. I would love to hear from them. When they decide to talk to me, I’ll stop talking to the press. “I’d like to say sorry for what I’ve done, but this was two years ago. I’ve tried to make up for it. But these stories in the paper are because I haven’t heard from you.” In April, it appeared that little progress had been made in mending relations between the Thomas and the Sussexes. Meghan's father branded Harry an "idiot" and said he was "whipped" in his marriage. Speaking to GB News, he said: “I’m looking forward to it [flying over for the Jubilee]. I’m going to show my respect for the Queen and I’m going to make sure that the Queen understands that my entire family respects the Queen and the Royals. “I would like to meet with Prince Charles and thank him for walking my daughter down the aisle, and also to meet and talk with him because I think we have a lot in common now. We’ve pretty much both been ghosted by our children.”