Angel Adoree and Dick Strawbridge stole the hearts of the nation with their Channel 4 show Escape to the Chateau. Whilst documenting their journey of renovating their French chateau, fans also got an insight into their relationship and their life as a family with their two children, Arthur and Dorothy. Despite the pair's age gap, they continue to have "wonderful" times with one another as Angel paid tribute to her husband. In the past, Dick has made no secret of the fact that he was concerned about their 19-year age gap at the beginning of their relationship and thought they wouldn't be able to bridge the issue. He explained: "We fell in love very quickly and had a wonderful time, but then I told Angela it was time for her to find a young man [and] have children because I felt I shouldn’t keep her from that.” However, Angel wasn't letting anything get in the way of getting what she wanted, and with her heart and mindset on Dick, she wasn't backing down. “Age is but a number,” she paid tribute in a chat with the Belfast Telegraph. "Dick has always had a wonderful energy and is so passionate about everything he does, I love that about him.” READ MORE: Escape to the Chateau’s Dick Strawbridge explains 'ridiculous' buy Dick continued: "It’s incredible when you think about it, I mean, in 1959, I was born in Burma. 20 years later, Angela was just being born. "But somehow, our paths crossed, and we found each other, got married, live in a castle and have two beautiful children. "There is no way to explain it, no way to work out how it all came to be. It’s like a real fairy tale!" he expressed. Angel and Dick have two children together - Arthur Donald, who was born in 2013 and Dorothy Francis, who was born just a year later in 2014. Dick also has two children from his first marriage, his son James, 37, and daughter Charlotte, 35. Speaking about how they find time to be creative with their renovations or have time to relax with one another, Dick explained: “Arthur and Dorothy are both at school. “It’s a brilliant little village school, and Dorothy speaks French fluently. Arthur has a little bit of an English accent, but his French grammar is amazing. “Angela’s parents live in the coach house, so we have the best childcare in the world, which is an enormous help!” DON'T MISS...Escape to the Chateau’s Dick Strawbridge explains 'ridiculous' buy  [INSIGHT]Escape to the Chateau fans emotional as Dick and Angel share update [LATEST]Escape to the Chateau fans in frenzy as stars take kids on trip [WATCH] Angel also recently opened up about their children together on the Sweat, Snot and Tears podcast with hosts Annie and Wendy in 2021. She opened up about struggling with her feelings after becoming a mum and said: "The biggest change when I did feel a little bit isolated was when I had my first child. "Because I was just like, 'Right, your whole life changes completely', by the time I moved to France, I was in a different mental state from before I had children. "I think if you're going to make a move to somewhere like this, you really have to be ready for it." Fans were recently blown away by the children's transformation as Angel posted an image of her two children on Instagram. Commenting under the picture @Tatiana.creates said: "Wow, the kids are really growing up fast!" @easton47374 added: "Gosh, Arthur and Dorothy are growing up all too quickly." @ithadtobesaidnow praised: "Oh my, the children are so grown up, my oh my!" (sic) Escape to the Chateau series 1-8 is available to watch on All4.