Chris Evans, 56, recently started his radio show with news that Sharon Osbourne, 69, would be returning to TalkTV, which he found amusing. The radio DJ mocked Sharon’s return to TalkTV, since it only launched last week. Chris said: “TalkTV. There's been a return. It’s only been on the air for a week.” “Somebody's returning to it! Oh, the heady madness of showbusiness,” he exclaimed. “A TalkTV return for [Sharon]. So TalkTV has been on the air for a week today, and Sharon Osbourne has been on it, left it and is now returning to it. “She doesn't mess about, that Osbourne girl, does she?" READ MORE: Zoe Henry breaks social media silence with Jeff Hordley update “Sharon Osbourne was back on air with her TalkTV show last night after returning to TalkTV after a prolonged absence of a minute,” he joked. Chris’ co-presenters could be heard laughing in the background. It is unclear whether Chris knew the reason for Sharon’s absence from her show. Sharon’s singer husband Ozzy Osbourne, 73, contracted COVID-19 towards the end of April, Sharon had revealed. This led to Sharon being forced to miss her own show last week. Jeremy Kyle hosted the show in her place as she flew back to the US to be with her unwell husband. Also on Tuesday, Sharon revealed that she had contracted COVID-19 from Ozzy and would be hosting her chat show via a video link from LA. While on her show The Talk, Sharon shared details of Ozzy’s health. She said: “He's doing much better thank you." DON'T MISS:Dawn French, 64, glows as she attends Sondheim's Old Friends gala [PICS]Priscilla Presley, 76, looks ageless with Elvis actor at Met Gala [PICS]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock urges viewers to 'change their lifestyles' [LATEST] “His temperature is now back to normal, his coughing has stopped, he's doing much better.” Unfortunately, she caught Covid from Ozzy, and so did their daughter Kelly. When Ozzy first became unwell, Sharon said in an emotional interview: “I am very worried about Ozzy right now. “We’ve gone two years without him catching Covid, and it’s just Ozzy’s luck he would get it now.” The X Factor star's new show The Talk is a current affairs show where they invite "opinionated" famous guests to discuss hot topics.