Over the weekend, Netflix announced it was axing ‘Pearl’, an animated series created with the Duchess of Sussex at the helm. It followed Netflix revealing that its shares had plummeted by 35 percent, wiping more than $50 billion from its market value. The streaming service also floated the idea of tightening up its subscription model, changing how many viewers access the platform. Against this backdrop, journalist Matthew Lynn argued the “tectonic plates might be shifting” for the likes of Netflix and Spotify. He wrote in the Telegraph: “The streaming giants, like much of the rest of the media establishment, are starting to work out that sanctimonious woke programming doesn’t pull in the viewers.” Citing a tweet by Tesla CEO Elon Musk in which he posted that “the Woke mind is making Netflix unwatchable”, Mr Lynn added that this brand of content is likely contributing to disappointing figures for the streaming service. Netflix’s subscriber figures dropped by 200,000 in the first quarter of 2022, falling far short of the service’s targets. Mr Lynn argued: “The streaming giants have been captured by a brand of preachy, politically correct, woke programming that is at risk of driving away audiences.” ‘Pearl’, following a 12-year-old girl chasing adventures with the help of historically influential women, was to be the first available product of the Sussexes’ production brand. It was one of several projects dropped by Netflix in an attempt to slash costs after their pessimistic trading update. READ MORE: Meghan's reason to travel to Invictus Games questioned by expert Announcing the partnership with Elton John’s husband, David Furnish, in 2021, Meghan said she was excited to work with the “powerhouse” platform. Meghan said: “Like many girls her age, our heroine Pearl is on a journey of self-discovery as she tries to overcome life’s daily challenges.” She added: “I’m thrilled that Archewell Productions, partnered with the powerhouse platform of Netflix and these incredible producers, will together bring you this new animated series, which celebrates extraordinary women throughout history. But for many, the show “embodied the worst of Woke-flix”, Mr Lynn said. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan may face pressure to 'sell-out' [LIVE] Harry warned Queen 'needs protecting' from his royal 'hand grenades' [INSIGHT] Queen directly intervened amid IRA kidnapping fears for her cousin [REVEAL] He then added: “It goes a lot deeper than that. “Very soon, the entertainment industry will have to get back to being what it should have always remained: an entertainment industry.” The couple signed a multi-year deal with Netflix back in September 2020, and an estimated £18 million collaboration with Spotify was quickly added to the list. Still in the pipeline for the Duke and Duchess is a documentary series titled ‘Heart of Invictus’, after the Netflix camera crews tailed Meghan and Harry during last month’s trip across to the Hague for the Invictus Games. Mr Lynn added: “It was the couple’s Archewell Productions that promised to be the real money-spinner, producing a range of programming for the streaming services Netflix and Spotify. “The trouble is, not much in the way of content has emerged. “An upcoming documentary on the Invictus Games may finally reach the screen. “But the children’s shows, of which the ill-fated ‘Pearl’ was meant to be the first, appear to be in question, and it is looking increasingly unlikely that any more will be made.”