Prince Harry, 37, and Meghan Markle, 40, have reportedly allowed Netflix cameras into their $14million Montecito mansion to film a Kardashian-style documentary series. According to insiders, executives at the streaming site want the series to be released around the same time as Harry's upcoming memoir. Harry and Meghan are said to have filmed an "at-home docuseries" - although it is not yet known if the couple's two children, three-year-old Archie and 11-month-old Lilibet, will also feature. Piers Morgan has since reacted to the news as he hit out at the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. In view of his 7.9 million, the Uncensored host retweeted an article that read: "Prince Harry and Meghan 'to welcome cameras into their home to film docuseries for Netflix'." The TalkTV presenter didn't hold back as he slammed the couple's move as "shameless". READ MORE: Jay Blades bids farewell to TV show after 'final episode' He penned: "If this is true then even by their standards this is quite staggeringly shameless hypocrisy." News of the pair allowing cameras into their home was reported by Page Six and the publication quoted a "producer in the know" who said that "the timing is still being discussed" but that Netflix chiefs want it to be ready for the end of 2022. The docuseries have sparked concern for Buckingham Palace amid fears further allegations could be made about the Royal Family, according to reports. Express.co.uk has contacted Netflix and Archewell Productions for comment.  The news comes amid growing concerns about Harry's upcoming $20 million memoir, in which he is expected to publicly tell all about his relationship with his estranged family. Earlier this month, Netflix had announced it had dropped Meghan's animated series Pearl, amid a wave of cutbacks and plummeting revenue for the streaming platform. The show, which was created by the Duchess of Sussex through the couple's company Archewell Productions, was still only in the development stage. Meanwhile, Harry and Meghan have confirmed they will be attending Queen Elizabeth II's Platinum Jubilee celebrations along with the couple's two children. DON'T MISS... Tom Hanks fans cause stir as they spot 'Forrest Gump' watching Queen[LATEST]Carol Vorderman puts on eye-popping display ahead of Top Gun premiere[PICTURES]Carol McGiffin says co-stars threw 'insults' before cancel culture[EXCLUSIVE] The scheduled June visit to the UK comes after the Duke and Duchess of Sussex made a secret visit to the Queen last month before travelling to The Hague, Netherlands for the Invictus Games. This will mark the first time the 96-year-old monarch has met the couple's daughter Lilibet. While the family will attend the Jubilee celebrations they will not be appearing on the Buckingham Palace balcony during Trooping the Colour. The Queen has limited the balcony appearance during her official birthday celebration to working members of the royal family only. The decision means that Prince Andrew, who stepped down from public duties in 2019, will also not be present on the balcony during the Thursday 2 June celebration. “Other family members will be invited to events. We’ve always made that clear and they are likely to be public events,” a palace source said. The confirmation that the Sussexes will be returning for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations comes amid Prince Harry’s case against the Home Office over police protection in the UK. The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee will be celebrated with a four-day public holiday starting 2 June and ending 5 June.