The countdown to the Platinum Jubilee weekend has officially begun and the appearance schedules for members of the Royal Family are set to get busy. Earlier this month, Buckingham Palace revealed that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will visit Wales ahead of their new roles within the Royal Fold. Speaking on the latest episode of Royally Us, hosts Christine Ross and Christina Garibaldi discussed the Cambridge's upcoming trip. Ms Ross said: "The Cambridge's are going to Wales. "I feel like this is such an interesting choice since they are going to be the next Prince and Princess of Wales. "I think that was carefully chosen". Ms Ross also discussed how the couple "lived there for a few years, right after they got married, in Angelsey". She added: "They have lots of happy memories there. READ MORE: Queen horror as thousands of Brits say 'abolish monarchy' hours after Jubilee celebrations "They haven't been in so long so I'm sure that will be a special visit". Kate and William are not the only royals taking trips in the next few weeks, ahead of the Jubilee celebrations. Ms Ross claimed that "Princess Anne is going to Scotland" and "Prince Edward and his wife Sophie [Countess of Wessex] are going to Northern Ireland. "So again, it's going to be incredibly busy, I can't wrap my head around it". Ms Garibaldi added: "It's going to be really really busy". READ MORE: Royal POLL: Should Meghan and Harry be allowed to become part-time royals? William and Kate began married life in a remote farmhouse in Wales. Between 2010 and 2013, the Duke and Duchess lived in a four-bedroom country cottage on the Bodorgan Estate and is considered to be the couple's eldest son, Prince George's, first home. In 2013, William and Kate moved into Apartment 1A at Kensington Palace after William's job as a military pilot ended. Speaking at the Anglesey Show that same year, the Duke said: "This island has been our first home together, and it will always be an immensely special place for us both". DON'T MISS 'Her memory is incredible' Royal chef lays bare Queen's sharp mind [INSIGHT] 'Loves it in French!' Queen sends menu back if chef makes an error [REVEAL]Platinum Jubilee: How to make your own bunting to celebrate Queen [INSIGHT]  The official Platinum Jubilee celebrations will take place between June 2 and June 5, 2022. It has been confirmed that Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, along with their two young children, will be in attendance at the celebrations.