Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, consultant rheumatologist Doctor Rod Hughes made clear that there is no cure for osteoarthritis. However, there are ways to ease symptoms. "I usually recommend regular gentle exercise and stretching to maintain flexibility and to strengthen muscles around joints," Doctor Hughes began. For people who have begun to suspect they could have osteoarthritis, Doctor Hughes assured the condition "doesn’t necessarily get worse over time". "In some cases, there’s a chance that symptoms can actually improve," he added. To help improve symptoms of arthritis, Doctor Hughes suggests doing "simple" activities that can make a "big difference". "Simple exercises like daily walking, gentle yoga classes and Pilates can all make a big difference," Doctor Hughes confirmed. He also suggested eating a healthy diet to "keep your weight in check". READ MORE: Monkeypox symptoms: The sign that appears inside the mouth in 70% of cases - CDC report The doctor explained that this reduces "the strain on load-bearing joints such as knees and hips". Plus, a healthy diet – full of fresh fruit and vegetables, whole grains, nuts, seeds and oily fish – contains antioxidant nutrients. Antioxidants can help reduce inflammation within the joints and protect against cell damage. "The fish oils can help prevent and manage arthritic conditions," said Doctor Hughes. DON'T MISSHigh blood pressure: The smelly symptom to spot [TIPS]High cholesterol: Pain in three areas is a sign [INSIGHT]Cancer: Herbal supplement found to be cancerous [ADVICE] "In addition, adding an anti-inflammatory supplement may be of great help." He explained: "All osteoarthritis has a degree of associated inflammation." The doctor added: "When advising patients on how to manage the symptoms of their arthritis, I always try to look for safe supplements that may cut down the need for stronger painkillers. "Although GOPO® is not something I can prescribe, it is a supplement that can be bought directly and often helps ease pain and manage symptoms of stiffness." Doctor Hughes said GOPO® "has been found to be effective in formal clinical trials of osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis". "There are many anecdotal real-life success stories," he stated. "One patient, who would otherwise have needed a hip joint replacement, completely avoided the need for surgery after introducing GOPO® alongside a focus on a healthy and active lifestyle." Doctor Hughes is adamant that if you experience joint pain, tenderness or stiffness due to arthritis, then "yes, GOPO® may help to alleviate symptoms". Once diagnosed with any form of arthritis, patients should explore self-management options and implement lifestyle changes. "Ideally, everyone with osteoarthritis should have a tailored self-management plan in place," he said. This is "to support and encourage positive changes in joint health". Do speak to your doctor if you are unsure on how best to manage your arthritis.