Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle are expected to fly to the UK this week to join in the celebrations for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. On Thursday, they won't be guests on the Buckingham Palace balcony for the Trooping the Colour military flyover due to the 96-year-old monarch limiting the numbers to working royals. But the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are expected to attend a traditional service of thanksgiving that will be held at St Paul's Cathedral in Central London this Friday. Last month, Harry and Meghan visited the Queen at Windsor Castle on their way to the Invictus Games - their first trip to the UK together since stepping down as senior working royals more than two years ago. Speculation has been swirling over recent weeks over the type of reception the prince will receive after making several swipes against the royal household since moving to the US. However Mr Burrell, the former butler to the late Princess Diana, believes Harry will at some point return to the UK and be reconciled with his older brother William. He told OK! Magazine: "Harry’s going to need his brother one day. "I think he will come back to this country with his tail between his legs. His brother will put his arms around him and say, ‘Welcome home, Harry'." But Mr Burrell has cast doubt over whether Harry is "totally happy" with his new life in the US. He believes the prince is missing William, his family, friends and the lifestyle he had for so many years growing up in England. The former royal butler added: “I don’t think he’s totally happy. READ MORE: Princess Eugenie and husband Jack to move to Portugal "I think he’s missing his brother, I really do. "I think he’s missing his family, I think he’s missing his friends and the lifestyle he had here in England. "I think he’s given everything up for Meghan and I don’t know how long he’s going to be able to live that life." Last week, Harry and Meghan were pictured at a polo match in California in the latest in a line of public appearances during recent months. DON'T MISSSussex used name Lilibet to 'reinforce royal brand in the US' [COMMENTS]Meghan should spend time with her sick father, says CAROLE MALONE[ OPINION]Harry under 'smothering' Meghan's spell in US but Duke 'misses royals' [INTERVIEW] But again referencing the friends and lifestyle the prince may be missing, Mr Burrell warned playing polo there "isn't going to cut the mustard". He said: “Trying to resurrect his life by playing polo in Santa Barbara isn’t going to cut the mustard. "It’s not the Guards Polo Club at Windsor where everyone he went to school with plays polo. "What mates is he going to find in California? He’s not grown up there with anyone.”