Loose Women's Penny Lancaster joined The News Desk with Tom Newton Dunn on Tuesday’s Talk TV to discuss the HRT shortage women who suffer from menopausal symptoms are facing. Rod Stewart’s wife revealed she suffered from mood swings so badly she threw dinner plates across the floor at her husband before falling to the floor and “crying [her] eyes out”. Tom asked: “I understand you had very powerful mood swings [and] at one point you threw Rod’s dinner across the room at him.” “Yes,” Penny replied. “That was probably my worst moment that was one of those you know, ‘We've got to get your mum to the doctor. Something's not right.’ “Because I'm very easygoing, laid back. I take everything with my stride and want everyone around me to kind of be happy. “Like a lot of mums we kind of balance everything around us and everyone's thoughts and feelings come first before our own.” Read more: Penny Lancaster on Rod Stewart's 'empathy' during menopause “And this particular time, the kids weren’t coming down for their dinner and when they did finally come into the room, they were arguing, and I just snapped. “It was just completely out of the blue, out of character and I screamed and threw the plates across the floor. “The dogs couldn't eat that evening at dinner because the plates were all cracked and smashed. “I mean it was hideous and I just crumbled to the floor crying my eyes out and ran out into the garden and called one of my best girl friends that I knew was struggling with similar symptoms.” Penny revealed she initially thought her menopausal symptoms were Covid. She explained: “I thought it was heat exhaustion because we were in Florida at that time and then I thought it must be the virus because the main symptoms with the virus or Covid was a high temperature. “But then I shortly realised that it didn't really match with the symptoms because I didn't have a continuous cough and the temperature would fluctuate. “So the worst part for me was it was at night and it wasn't just feeling hot. It was as if the bed was on fire. And it woke me in a puddle of sweat literally.” DON'T MISSSharon Osbourne takes pop at Meghan Markle over axed show [INSIGHT]'British people will never forgive him on Brexit' Kyle slams Starmer [VIDEO]Gogglebox faces backlash from viewers for 'promoting' Piers Morgan [INSIGHT] The Loose Women panellist spoke to Tom following the Government’s announcement that HRT is to be rationed. Women will only be prescribed up to three months of the drug at a time. Penny told the Talk TV host why she thinks HRT should be free. She said: “The demand for HRT is because of the confidence women now have, after a lot of campaigning after the last two or three years, we're not sort of shying away from it. We're not embarrassed to talk about it. We're brave enough to go to doctors and demand HRT.” “There should be a tick box, with very, very simple symptoms that you just need to tick, for a doctor for them to finally go ‘okay, assign, assign your prescription. Here's the HRT,’” she continued. “Because it is really, really devastating, and because of this huge demand now, the pharmacists and manufacturers, they just can't keep up with the demand of the medication that we need. “So I think the message has gone out, and it's full steam ahead and let's hope women can get their hands on it ,and more importantly, not have to pay for it. I don't in Scotland and Wales. So we need to move on with this.” “I believe men can get hold of Viagra for free, so their hormones are being looked after. And women play a vital role in the workplace, and so many women are having to lose their jobs and walk away from very high profile positions, you know, just where men and women are in that position in their career, where they could be promoted and become CEOs of companies and very talented women of being lost.” The News Desk airs on TalkTV from Monday to Friday at 7pm (Sky 526, Virgin Media 627, Freeview 237, and Freesat 217) and live and on demand on the TalkTV app and at Talk.TV