Citizens in European Union countries may be able to sue their governments for financial compensation if illegal levels of air pollution damage their health, an adviser to Europe's top court said on Thursday. The adviser's opinion follows a string of rulings at the Luxembourg-based European Court of Justice (ECJ) in recent years, with around 10 EU countries including France, Poland, Italy and Romania found guilty of illegal air pollution. The court said: "Advocate General Juliane Kokott takes the view that an infringement of the limit values for the protection of air quality under EU law may give rise to entitlement to compensation from the State." Ms Kokott noted that it is often poorer communities that live and work in highly polluted areas and particularly need judicial protection. She said, however, any individuals claiming compensation would need to prove that the damage to their health had been directly caused by the air pollution.   A government may also avoid liability if it could prove the pollution limits would still have been breached if it had a sufficient air quality plan in place, Ms Kokott said. EU court opinions are non-binding, but the court typically agrees with them in the ruling that follows in the coming months. The opinion concerns a case brought by a Paris resident seeking 21 million euros in compensation from the French government, on the grounds that air pollution damaged his health and the government failed to ensure compliance with EU limits. A Versailles court hearing the Paris dispute asked the EU court to clarify whether individuals can claim such compensation. READ MORE: 'Unnecessarily difficult!' Expats in Spain trapped  Paris breached the EU's legal limits for nitrogen dioxide pollution between 2010 and 2019, according to past EU court rulings. It did the same in 2020, according to the French Council of State. In a bid to reduce premature deaths associated with dirty air, the EU will propose an upgrade of its pollution limits this year to better align them with stricter World Health Organisation rules. EU Commissioners first opened legal proceeding against the members states in 2015 over their failure to comply with strict anti-pollution laws laid down by Brussels. They insisted their main concern was the health of EU citizens and warned that 400,000 people die prematurely every year because of poor air quality. DON'T MISS:Brexit LIVE: Remainer civil servants' plot to scupper £10bn trade deal [LIVE BLOG]Brandon Lewis issues EU threat over hated Brexit deal after Peston [VIDEO]Ukraine LIVE: Putin humiliated as Victory Day parade slashed by third [ANALYSIS] Karmenu Vella, the EU Commissioner in charge of environment issues at the time, said: "The decision to sue member states before the ECJ has been made in the name of European citizens. “We have always said that the Commission is protective and our decision in made in that sense. "The member states sued at the EJC had enough 'last chances' to improve the situation in the last 10 years. “It is my conviction that today’s decision will lead to improvements for citizens on a much quicker timescale. “But legal action alone will not solve the problem. “That is why we are outlining the practical help that the Commission can provide to the national authorities’ efforts to promote cleaner air for European cities and towns.”