Lisa McGee’s comedy series Derry Girls first debuted back in 2018 quietly enough. Set in the 90s during The Troubles in Northern Ireland, Derry Girls followed a group of hapless teenagers navigating through life and school under the most extraordinary circumstances. Since then, the show has built up a huge global fanbase and become one of Channel 4’s biggest comedies since Father Ted. Sadly, all good things must come to an end and it was announced Derry Girls would be concluding with a third and final outing, To sweeten the news, Channel 4 recently confirmed Derry Girls would be going out with a 45-minute special send-off allowing fans to savour the show one last time. In an interview with Express.co.uk, best-selling author and TikTok comedy sensation Serena Terry spoke shared her feelings about the end of Derry Girls. She said: “Devastated honestly. It’s the comedy of the century and not only has created so much laughter all around the world, but its put the city of Derry on the map for all the right reasons.” READ MORE: Why is Derry Girls ending after season 3? The TikTok star, who is known online as Mammy Banter, has amassed legions of fans with a million followers on the platform and a whopping 29 million likes for her videos, which serve comedic warts-and-all skits on motherhood. She was introduced to the video social network by her children during lockdown and ended up creating content. Before long, she was racking up views and getting messages from people from across the globe praising her content. Her debut novel Mammy Banter: The Secret Life of an Uncool Mum came out in March and is riding high on the Sunday Times bestseller list. Serena, who grew up in Derry in the 90s, admitted her own upbringing wasn’t too far removed from storylines depicted in the show. She said the sitcom offered a fresh take on the city which was previously associated with the politics and violence of The Troubles. Reflecting on the positive impact Derry Girls has had on her hometown, Terry said: “It’s showed the tenacity and resilience of families within Derry during some incredibly violent times. “It showed our sense of community as a working-class and also highlights a stark reminder of how far we’ve came since the 90s. “It’s also showcased Derry talent. Creator and scriptwriter Lisa McGee is now a global tour de force when it comes to sitcom writing and the entire city has felt enormous pride in her for bringing Derry experiences to the screen and involving our narrative to a mainstream audience in such a heartwarming and comical way.” Terry went on to praise local stars Saoirse-Monica Jackson - who plays Erin Quinn and Jamie-Lee O’Donnell - better known as Michelle Mallon - who have become stars in the own right, saying they were likely to become household names in Hollywood before too long. She said Derry Girls resonated globally because it delivered a “different personal narrative” and perspective to The Troubles. The comic explained: “We were pigeon-holed by the media as war-torn and I suppose with footage of bombs and shootings and coverage solely focussed on violence and tragedy, global audiences possibly assumed that’s what defined us. “In a way it did define us, but it defined us as resilient, as adaptable, as a community of people who stayed strong and continued on trying to live our lives, rather than just survive. “We’re a hardy bunch and known for using humour as a way of healing through trauma or getting through tough times. We’re down to earth, and we’re more than good at rallying together as a community. “As well as the conflict, Derry Girls highlights the reality of all of that as well as poverty in those times which I’m sure global viewers in their own communities and families can relate to. “To have Lisa McGee so beautifully depict an aspect of us as actual human beings rather than just conflict civilians, means that the rest of the world can appreciate a lighter reflection of living through the troubles and how we didn’t just write ourselves off.” DON'T MISS...Sam Ryder made UK Eurovision history with major award [INSIGHT]NCIS LA Viewers left ‘speechless’ after deep fake culprit is exposed [VIEWER REACTION]Queen’s Platinum Jubilee viewers slam 'disrespectful' Tom Cruise chat [ANALYSIS] Although mourning the end of Derry Girls, Terry is busier than ever as she works on her second novel. She is also in talks with film and TV production companies about the rights tov novel Mammy Banter. Terry praised McGee and Derry Girls for serving as a huge inspiration and helping worldwide audience understand her brand of comedy. The star added: “Lisa is a huge inspiration to me and has opened up the door to global audiences for Derry comedy, and I’m ready to add little bit more Derry to that.” Derry Girls airs on Channel 4 on Tuesday at 9pm and the series finale will on Wednesday, May 18 at 9pm