Paris Saint-Germain star Kylian Mbappe has reportedly agreed personal terms with Real Madrid ahead of a potential free transfer in the summer. The Frenchman is arguably the best young striker in the world on current form, and represents a superb option on a free transfer when his contract expires in July. Manchester City, Liverpool and Real Madrid have been the main teams linked with his arrival, although the Spanish giants have been the side most likely to secure his signature. And according to The Athletic, Los Blancos have taken a huge leap in their bid to sign him after they agreed personal terms with the star - although a deal is not 'done' yet, with PSG pleading with him to stay. The report states that the French champions are trying to convince him to change his mind. Real have supposedly been confident for a long period of time that Mbappe will join them at the Santiago Bernabeu at the end of PSG's season. But despite their confidence, he has not put pen to paper on a new deal, giving PSG the chance to 'plead' with him over a potential stay at the Parc des Princes. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Manager Mauricio Pochettino will be begging to keep his star in what is an admittedly ageing attack with Lionel Messi, Neymar and Angel di Maria all on the wrong side of 30. And he claimed his star would stay just three weeks ago in a revealing interview. "There haven't been any concrete talks, beyond what is normal in terms of our plans with what we have been doing so far," he said. "We have a natural relationship, we communicate regarding different topics. Of course, they change depending on the circumstances at the time but the relationship and the communication are good. "We keep working hard, not just bearing in mind the present, but also with the responsibility in this job which is to think about the future, so that is what we are doing. That [the fact me and Mbappe are staying] is how I feel today. That is what I can say to you today. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag "I can't say anything else. That is how I feel right now." Mbappe has registered 168 goals in just 216 games since he joined the side from the capital, and is closing in on his 200th career club goal at the age of just 23. If he was to join Real Madrid, Karim Benzema would be left sweating over his long-term future despite his heroics this season. But it would be PSG who would feel the full effects of his departure after rejecting £160million for him from Real last summer.