Princess Beatrice, 33, stepped out in Windsor on Wednesday evening wearing some sparkly big earrings. The Princess is not known for wearing large statement pieces of jewellery, however, these earrings were certainly a statement. The royal and her husband, property developer Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi, were on hand for the charity preview night of the Royal Windsor Horse Show’s upcoming Platinum Jubilee spectacular.  They were in the audience to preview the two-hour show, ‘A Gallop Through History,’ which will celebrate the Queen’s 70-year reign. The show, hosted by Alan Titchmarsh, will run for four nights, with the final night taking place on Sunday evening. That performance will be broadcast on television, and if she is feeling able, the Queen is expected to attend. For the charity preview night, Princess Beatrice arrived wearing a floral evening gown by a British brand, The Vampire’s Wife. Kate Middleton is also known to be a fan of dresses from the company. But Beatrice wore some major jewellery. The Princess is known for her ultra-minimalist approach to jewels, frequently wearing no major accessories at all. Or, she will usually just her usual rings and delicate bracelets.  This time around, she added a major pair of earrings to her ensemble. The enormous diamond earrings featured a modern feather design. They appeared to be a Jennifer Gibson pair of earrings that cost £195. The ‘vintage sphinx articulated feather earrings’ in a 1960s style.  The silver earrings depict an articulated feather dropped down from a plumed top. The vintage style looked absolutely spectacular on the Princess. As well as Wednesday night, other royals were in attendance for the other three performances. The Duke and Duchess of Gloucester attended on Thursday, Prince Edward and Sophie Wessex were in the audience today, and Princess Anne will attend on Saturday.  Following the national anthem, the royals take one last lap around the arena in their car, just as Beatrice and Edoardo did on Wednesday. Twitter user @WomenofWindsor wrote: "Princess Beatrice looked amazing last night with Edoardo." User @CambridgeCrown said: "Wow she looks lovely here!" User @loveforcambridge commented: "Loved their outfits! Very elegant." 