Amber Heard's lawyer Ben Rottenborn made his closing argument today in her defamation trial against ex-husband Johnny Depp’. He claimed “vile, disgusting” texts from the Jack Sparrow actor showed the jury who “the real” Johnny is. Mr Rotttenborn referred to text messages shown in court, including Johnny telling friend Paul Bettany he wanted to “f***” Amber’s “burnt corpse”. He said the actor used “the most vile, disgusting language that you could ever imagine”. “These words are a window into the heart and mind of America’s favourite pirate,” he said. “This is the real Johnny Depp.” Mr Rottenborn returned to the argument of Ms Heard’s first amendment right under the US Constitution to freedom of speech. He said the 2018 opinion piece she wrote for The Washington Post did not have a “designed and intended” defamatory meaning. She claimed in the article to have become a “figure representing domestic abuse”, and to have “faced our culture’s wrath” because of it, and while she didn’t name Johnny, he has sued her for defamation. “There is no hidden meaning here, this isn’t a hit piece on Johnny Depp,” said Mr Rottenborn. The lawyer also referred to several pictures shown to the jury of Johnny “passed out”, to which he alleged the actor had responded with “snickering and defiance” in court. Mr Rottenborn pointed out how multiple witnesses had suggested that just because people close to Johnny had not physically witnessed instances of abuse, that didn’t mean it wasn’t true. “That’s not how domestic violence works,” he told the court. He also reminded the jury of the more graphic pieces of evidence heard during the trial, including those detailed in an incident in Australia in March 2015, which involved Johnny allegedly violating Amber with a bottle and having his finger severed. The lawyer told jurors to “think about the message that Mr Depp and his attorneys are sending to Amber and victims of domestic abuse”. “If you didn’t take pictures, it didn’t happen,” he said. “If you didn’t seek medical attention, you weren’t injured.” He added: “Mr Depp cannot and will not take responsibility… it’s all somebody else’s fault.” Johnny’s lawyer Camille Vasquez also delivered her closing argument today, claiming Amber’s claims of domestic abuse “ruined his life”. “There is an abuser in this courtroom but it is not Mr Depp,” she claimed. “There is a victim of domestic abuse in this courtroom, but it is not Ms Heard.” The jury will now deliberate and then return to the court when they have reached their verdict.