Max Verstappen was ‘silly’ to get into contact with Lewis Hamilton last year but the Dutchman was just ‘frustrated with Lewis Hamilton’ throughout the season, according to Red Bull's tech expert Adrian Newey.  Verstappen made contact with Hamilton at the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix in an intense fight as tensions boiled over. The Red Bull star appeared to ease off the accelerator before the braking zone with Hamilton hitting the back of Verstappen's car. Newey called the move ‘silly’ but warned Hamilton was not entirely fault-free during the intense title battle. He said the pair’s crash at the British Grand Prix at Silverstone was a ‘professional foul’ by seven-time champion Hamilton. The pair went side-by-side into the dangerous Copse left-hander with Hamilton making contact with Verstappen's rear left tyre. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton opens up on 'nerve-wracking' feeling ahead of Miami GP The impact was enough to throw the Red Bull man into the wall at 160mph. Newey told race.com: “Probably what he did in Brazil last year was a bit naughty. We have a lot in common, in a sense of how much we love doing what we do and driving, then on the other side, we’re ruthless. He is ruthless, I am.” Verstappen is embroiled in another title battle this season as he aims to take on Ferrari’s Charles Leclerc. However, pundits have claimed racing between the pair is different than it was with Hamilton. DON'T MISSMercedes reveal reasons behind lack of development on troubled car [INSIGHT]Mercedes statistic offers Hamilton and Russell hope ahead of Miami GP [ANALYSIS]Bottas shows no regrets over ditching Lewis Hamilton partnership again [COMMENT] The former karting partners have not made contact all season despite intense battles in Bahrain and Saudi Arabia. Verstappen said: “It feels more natural to compete against drivers that I have competed against in the past - in karts and have now come to F1. In particular Charles. It's nice to see that we are two young guys competing for victories - we’ve fought some nice duels so far.”