Stephen Hendry claimed he was surprised after Ronnie O'Sullivan matched his modern-era record of World Snooker Championship titles on Monday night - because he thought it'd take him less time to do so. The Rocket became the oldest world champion ever with his seventh success, two decades after his first at the Crucible. World No 1 O'Sullivan equals Hendry for seven titles after an 18-13 defeat of Judd Trump, which netted him £500,000 in prize money. The 46-year-old is widely considered the greatest of all time but had trailed to Hendry in terms of world titles. But now he's tied with the Scot 21 years after his first world championship, and Hendry insists O'Sullivan is fully deserving of joining him on seven triumphs. He told the BBC: "Deserved win. As I said on the commentary, he's taken snooker to new heights. I'm actually surprised it's taken him so long to get to seven - that's how good he is! "When I got six to equal Steve [Davis], I had to get seven. I presume it'll be the same for Ronnie, he'll have to get eight. I'm sure he won't be happy until he's done that. That will be the aim - as simple as that. "He's a winning machine. He said he doesn't look at the records but he'll want to get eight. Absolutely. The way he's dominated this World Championship from start to finish, it's been an outstanding performance. "OK he's maybe not been put under the pressure but that's because he's played so well and has refused to let people put him under pressure. He's just been wonderful. The compliments, you can't give him enough the way he's played here." O'Sullivan told the BBC after his win: "I've never bothered about records! Don't get me wrong when you get them, it's kinda nice. But I've never performed well if I'm going for stuff like that, I've just tried to enjoy my game, compete and enjoy being on the circuit and enjoy what I do and work hard at my game. "And then you let the snooker gods decide what they're going to decide. I honestly don't have targets. I've loved every tournament this year, I just love playing. This has brought out the worst in me to be honest! "I've detached emotion for the last seven or eight years, I do treat every tournament like a training camp, I do my gym, do my running, I eat good food. I like to win but it's not the be-all and end-all. I love competing with the guys and being around the guys. This just brings out the worst in me! I don't know if it's a good idea but we'll probably go again next year." Runner-up Trump labelled O'Sullivan the "best player of all time" and said: "It's been a pleasure to share a table with him. It's an amazing achievement. He keeps getting better and better. His determination and dedication are clear to see. He's been the best player this tournament by quite a distance. I was just glad to make a match out of it!"