Esteban Ocon had a surprise guest when he was giving an interview ahead of the Monaco Grand Prix. Stood behind Ocon was Alpine team-mate Fernando Alonso ready to interrupt the chat live on air. The two were in good spirits after Ocon finished P7 at the Spanish Grand Prix in Barcelona, with Alonso two places behind. Ocon is ninth in the overall standings with 30 points, while Alonso is 15th. During in his interview with Sky Sports News, Alonso was stood behind Ocon laughing, to which the Frenchman replied: “Hola! He has just come back from his lunch.” Replying to the rumours that Monaco GP could be scrapped in the future, Ocon said: "It has got to stay. It is one of the tracks that has so much history, we just love coming here. Of course we are going to come to great venues like Vegas and Miami but there are some special challenges, some old school characteristics of this track that makes it so special. We don't want to lose Monaco." When asked if his relationship with Alonso was going in the right direction, Ocon replied: “Definitely. We are enjoying working together, we are pushing the team in the right direction and there is great banter as you can see. I just love working with him, he is a big character, he is a big competitor also on the track and I think that is the best co-operation I have had in a very long time with a team-mate.” At the Saudi Arabia Grand Prix in Jeddah, the two Alpine riders were jostling for position and left themselves vulnerable to an overtake. Team boss Otmar Szafnauer has since told the duo that they need to be less competitive, and they looked very casual together during Ocon’s interview. Ahead of racing in Monaco, Ocon continued: “It is awesome, being French also you can feel the French culture and there is a lot of our fans and supporters from France coming to see us on the weekend. I felt that from yesterday there was so many supporters waiting for us entering the paddock, it was awesome and what a special place that is for racing as well. “Winning both [Monaco and French Grand Prix] would be awesome, but to win Monaco I think it is extremely special because of all the history it has. It is a legendary track, it is a track that you need to master, risk and reward that is what we talk about here. If you take risk you will have rewards but you need to finish the laps, especially in qualifying. It is a unique track for sure, one that everyone wants to win and we are here to perform this weekend.” Ocon has previously responded to the comment that Alonso is difficult to work with, denying those rumours and said that he has a fantastic collaboration with the Spanish racing veteran. He said in February: “A lot of people said Fernando was very difficult to work with, that he had a reputation for breaking teammates and all that. I wanted to see it from my eyes, I wanted to see if what people were saying was true and in the end, it wasn’t.