As the cost of living crisis continues, this cash boost could prove vital rising amid energy bills. Each week, claimants could receive a £92 top up. Attendance Allowance is a benefit which helps individuals with daily living expenses. It helps with extra costs if people have a physical or mental disability, or illness severe enough that makes it hard for them to look after themselves. As a benefit, Attendance Allowance is awarded at two different rates, one higher and one lower. Currently, the higher rate is £92.40 a week while the lower weekly rate is £61.85 for those in receipt of the benefit. How much a claimant gets in Attendance Allowance depends on the “severity” of their disability or health condition. READ MORE: 'It's barely enough now!' Thousands worse off as DWP moves millions to Universal Credit State pensioners who want to apply for this helpful benefit can do so by printing out an Attendance Allowance claim form from the gov.uk website. Completed forms must be sent to Freepost DWP Attendance Allowance for the application to be completed. People can apply for Attendance Allowance if they need help or supervision throughout the day or night. If Britons need help with their personal care such as getting dressed, eating or drinking, getting in and out of bed, bathing or showering and going to the toilet - they can consider claiming. Help also includes needing to stay safe and if someone has difficulties with personal tasks, for example if they take a long time, experience pain or they need physical help, like a chair to lean on. Attendance Allowance isn’t just for people with a physical disability or illness. People should also claim if they need help or supervision throughout the day or night and have: Age UK is one of the many organisations who help those on the state pension process their form and wider claim. On its website, the organisation explained: “When filling out the form, be really clear about how your illness or disability affects your life and attach any supporting information, such as GP letters, your care plans, or prescription lists. “Once you've submitted your form, the Department of Work and Pensions may contact you for more information or arrange a doctor visit. “It's a good idea to prepare for this visit by writing things down you think the doctor should know about. “You'll get a letter about whether or not you’ll get Attendance Allowance, how much, and from what date. “If you’re not happy with the decision, you can appeal. We have more information about appealing a benefits decision.” However, Turn2us has previously warned that claims for Attendance Allowance cannot be backdated which means those who are eligible should apply as soon as possible.