BBC Breakfast presenter Sally Nugent, 50, didn’t disagree with a fan of the morning show, when she and Dan Walker, 45, were likened to a popular meme of two angry-looking children being squeezed into one “get along shirt”. It comes after Sally was persuaded to fit into an oversized England shirt alongside her football-mad co-star on the BBC Breakfast sofa this morning. Sally shared the funny snap in view of her 144,000 Twitter followers and admitted Dan, who is set to leave BBC Breakfast this month, was to blame for the comical situation.  The journalist penned: “He said this was a good idea,” alongside a gritted teeth emoji.  A fan then promptly shared the meme of a young boy and girl looking furious after their parents made them wear a “get along shirt” in response to Sally’s tweet.  Ian Finlow explained alongside the viral image of the kids: “I know you two already get on reallly well, but there’s a strong vibe of this coming off there.”(sic) READ MORE... Piers Morgan slams Angelina Jolie as she's spotted visiting Ukraine  Sally didn’t hesitate in admitting Ian had a point, as she wrote back: “I hear you Ian.”    Dan was inspired to bring the huge football shirt into work after it was revealed that Maradona’s iconic ‘Hand Of God’ shirt is set to be sold for millions.    After Sally was left less than impressed by his idea, Dan took to Twitter to admit he slightly regretted it.    Twitter user GPR Williams posted a screenshot of the presenting duo wearing the football shirt on-air alongside the caption: “Think I might miss ⁦@mrdanwalker on @BBCBreakfast!”  Dan then promptly replied: “I’m not sure @sallynugent will,” alongside several crying with laughter emojis. Fortunately, the star, who is quitting BBC Breakfast for a role on Channel 5 News, was quick to set the record straight on his working relationship with Sally. John Chorlton tweeted: “Sally and Dan are the dream team. I cannot believe we are to lose Dan from the BBC.” “Thanks John.  We love working together,” Dan revealed in response. DON'T MISS:Anne Hegerty reacts to Mark Labbett's The Chase replacement [COMMENT]Madonna, 63, looks ageless in busty pic before cosying up to Maluma [PICS]Priscilla Presley, 76, looks ageless with Elvis actor at Met Gala [INSIGHT] Dan previously admitted he’s been dealing with a “surreal” feeling after announcing the date of his last show on BBC Breakfast.  Dan wrote in view of his 755,000 followers: "So… my final day on #bbcbreakfast will be 2 weeks today! (May 17th)  "It still feels a little surreal but @sallynugenttv has promised to bake me a goodbye tart," he penned alongside a laughing emoji.  "Thank you for all the kind comments. "You’re all lovely," he ended the post.  Dan also shared the announcement live on the show this week, revealing: "May 17th is my last day", as Sally looked downcast at having the date confirmed.  "That's not many shifts left is it," she replied, before Dan confirmed that they have six shows left to present together before his departure.  "Six more three o'clockers then I'm out of here!" he joked.