Buckingham Palace has revealed who will appear alongside the Queen for the Platinum Jubilee edition of Trooping the Colour this year, and several Royal Family members have been left out. The palace has now confirmed that after "careful consideration" only royals who carry out official public duties will join the Queen for the event. A Palace spokesman said: "After careful consideration, the Queen has decided this year's traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday 2nd June will be limited to Her Majesty and those members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of the Queen." Royals who will join the Queen on the Buckingham Palace balcony are: READ MORE: Will Prince Harry attend the Queen's Platinum Jubilee?  The Queen has made exceptions for two of her grandchildren and three of her great-grandchildren who do not complete official royal duties. Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex will be subsequently be joined by Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn. Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge will also be joined by their three children, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. Princess Anne will appear with her husband Vice Admiral Sir Tim Laurence, who frequently assists Anne with her royal duties and accompanied her on her Platinum Jubilee tour earlier this year.  The Palace spokesman added: "In addition the Cambridge and Wessex children are also expected to appear as is Sir Tim Laurence, who the Queen is happy to attend as a frequent attendee and support for the Princess Royal on official engagements." Prince Harry and his wife Meghan, Duchess of Sussex will not appear on the balcony as they are not working royals, but they have now confirmed they will attend the Platinum Jubilee in June with their children Archie and Lilibet. Prince Andrew will also not appear on the balcony as he no longer completes official duties. His daughters Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie are also not working royals. DON'T MISS:Who will appear on balcony for Jubilee after Harry and Meghan snubbed? [INSIGHT]Will the Queen give Queen's Speech? Why Charles could fill in [ANALYSIS]Heartbreak as Queen, Kate and William forced to use old photos [PICTURES]  The Queen is thought to be looking forward to the Platinum Jubilee celebrations, which will be taking place from Thursday, June 2 until Sunday, June 5. As has often been the case in recent months, it is expected the Queen will confirm what events she is attending closer to the time. A Palace spokesman said: "The Queen is looking forward to the weekend and will be taking part in the celebrations but her presence will not be confirmed until much nearer the time or even on the day itself." Other Platinum Jubilee events include the Derby at Epsom, the Platinum Party at the Palace and the Platinum Jubilee Pageant. 