Manchester United are willing to wait when it comes to signing Darwin Nunez from Benfica this summer, according to reports. The Uruguay international is on Erik ten Hag’s transfer wishlist as he looks to make his mark at Old Trafford. However, it appears the Red Devils are reluctant to pursue the striker with vigour at the current moment in time. Manchester United will need a new striker this summer. Edinson Cavani has played his last game for the club, while Anthony Martial is poised to leave and Mason Greenwood’s long-term future is unclear. United are among the teams who admire Nunez, with the Benfica star scoring 34 goals from 41 appearances last term. Yet while talks have apparently taken place over a deal, according to The Athletic, the Red Devils have decided they’re willing to wait at the current moment in time. Nunez’s expected move away from Benfica will be overseen by super-agent Jorge Mendes. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Mendes is said to have told Benfica he feels he can get a fee of £68million for the Uruguay international. But United don’t want to be pressed into paying the initial demand just yet. A midfielder is Ten Hag’s priority, with United aware they need replacements for both Nemanja Matic and Paul Pogba. Frenkie de Jong, of Barcelona, is one player on the Dutchman’s wishlist. De Jong previously played under Ten Hag at Ajax, helping the Eredivisie giants reach the semi-finals of the Champions League back in 2019. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag And while Barcelona have talked up the Netherlands international, their financial position means they could accept a big bid for the player. United are also interested in N’Golo Kante, too. The Chelsea star could leave Stamford Bridge this summer with his contract due to expire at the end of next season. United have previously raided the Blues for the likes of Matic and Juan Mata in the years since Sir Alex Ferguson retired. And Kante could be next, even if a deal would be a gamble due to the 31-year-old’s injury record in recent years. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Regarding Nunez, should he join, he’ll become the club’s ninth signing from the Primeira Liga. Under Ferguson, United snapped up the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo, Bebe, Anderson and Nani. Louis van Gaal recruited Marcos Rojo upon taking over in 2016, while Jose Mourinho snapped up Victor Lindelof and Diogo Dalot. And Ole Gunnar Solskjaer turned to Sporting Lisbon to raid them for Bruno Fernandes back in the January transfer window of 2020. Meanwhile, former United star Diego Forlan has urged his old team to land Nunez this summer. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And, speaking recently, he insisted Nunez would be able to succeed at Old Trafford due to his high potential. “I think that he is a very good player, a good kid who is doing really well at Benfica and is enjoying a strong season,” he said recently. “It is not just the Portuguese league where he is doing well but in the Champions League too. “He is a player who has a lot of potential and he could fit in at Manchester United. “But obviously, everyone needs to have patience, although he is getting better with more and more experience.”