Ex-Crystal Palace chairman Simon Jordan has branded Liverpool fans as a “special brand of moron” for booing the national anthem before their FA Cup final win over Chelsea. Prior to the Reds’ penalty shootout win over the Blues at Wembley, boos were heard when Prince William, the president of the Football Association, was introduced to supporters. A section of fans also showed their feelings when the national anthem was sung, along with a rendition of Abide With Me. Liverpool did beat Chelsea 6-5 on penalties but Jordan believes that there was “not a necessity" for the jeers. He said on talkSPORT: “I don’t think it is a culture we should want to encourage in this country. I think it is a spirit of an outlook and disposition that is not appropriate. “I don’t think anyone of a sensible mindset would think that the future King of England, you see him on the front page of newspapers having gone and visited that wonderful lady that is dying of cancer and giving her a damehood, and this is the kind of King that we might have, and people are sitting there booing. “I mean you have got to be a special brand of moron to boo the national anthem, I can’t relate to it and if I could relate to it I would feel there is a bigger tragedy. Because if I could relate to that kind of behaviour then I have got a problem as much as they have. “I can’t relate to it, I can’t see whatever your grievances about whatever country you live in, the argument that somehow because there is difficulty in this climate, we are all having a difficult time with the cost of living crisis. You boo the national anthem because you don’t like the government?” Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp, meanwhile, defended the club’s fans, saying: “Of course I have thoughts but I think in these situations it's best to ask the question, 'why does it happen?' “They wouldn't do it if there was no reason. I've not been here long enough to understand the reason for it - it's for sure something historical. And that's probably questions you can answer much better than I could ever. The majority of our supporters are wonderful people - really smart, go through lows and highs. They wouldn't do it without reason.” When asked if the German manager’s comments were correct, Prime Minister Boris Johnson’s spokesperson simply replied: “No.” The spokesperson added that the booing was “a great shame.” The FA Cup final saw Liverpool and Chelsea lock horns for the fourth time this season, and each time ended in a deadlock during regulation time. The two sides were goalless for 120 minutes before Kostas Tsimikas scored the winning penalty in the shootout.