Thousands of fans booed Prince William, the Duke of Cambridge, as he was introduced to the Liverpool and Chelsea players before kick-off this weekend. He attended the match in his role as president of the Football Association, a position he has held since 2006. Footage from the game shows that the jeers started during a rendition of the Christian hymn Abide With Me – a song traditionally sung at the FA Cup final since 1927 – performed by B Positive Choir. The outburst began once again when William was introduced to the crowd and began shaking the hands of the players. The booing and jeers then came to a head during the National Anthem, God Save The Queen. Liverpool went on to win the match, beating Chelsea 6-5 on penalties after extra time, marking the club’s first FA Cup since 2006 and second trophy this season. No jeers were heard when William handed out the winners’ medals afterwards but Express.co.uk asked readers’ opinions on whether they felt ashamed by the event. In a poll that ran from 11am on Sunday, May 15, to midday on Monday, May 16, Express.co.uk asked: “Are you ashamed Prince William was booed?” Overall, 14,591 people cast their votes with the overwhelming majority – 93 percent (13,603 people) – answering “yes”, they are ashamed William was booed. A further seven percent (923 people) said “no”, they are not ashamed and just 65 people said they did not know. Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article with readers sharing their thoughts on William being booed. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: 'All feel lonely' William and Kate open up as Meghan speaks out Username HeleneFromDenmark said: “HRH Prince William has done NOTHING to deserve this disrespectful and completely uncalled for disgusting behaviour.” Username MaximumOverDrive said: “It was uncalled for, Prince William has done nothing to deserve this kind of treatment.” And username Mollycoddling wrote: “Absolutely disgusting and disrespectful that Prince William was booed.” Many others were also in agreement that William did not deserve to be treated as he was, like Username raylynup, who said: “Very sad to see this happen William didn't deserve this.” Username valanne wrote: “Ignorance and bad manners at its worst. Whatever the reason, he didn't deserve that.” Another reader, username Tgs5995 said: “The booers should be ashamed. “Prince William was not affected at all with their shameful behaviour. He did his duty with dignity, as any Future King would do. William will make a marvellous King.” After the match, which marked Liverpool’s eighth FA Cup win, the Duke tweeted to share well wishes with the teams. He tweeted: “Congratulations @LFC on being crowned 2022 Men’s FA Cup champions! “Very well deserved after a long journey and commiserations to @ChelseaFC, you showed real fight for the full 120 minutes and more. W #FACupFinal”