Sam Coates, deputy political editor for Sky News, said he spoke to one Labour activist in the city of Peterborough who seemed at odds with Sir Keir’s leadership. The canvasser told Mr Coats that Sir Keir needed “to do more”, seeming uncertain about exactly what the Labour leader stood for. The umming and ahhing from Labour voters bodes poorly for the leader ahead of the local elections tomorrow.    Mr Coates said: “I think there is a gap, there is a perception. There is not enough of a conscious awareness about [Sir Keir]. “I even spoke to one Labour canvasser, a labour activist, wandering around with a plastic bag of leaflets, a red rosette on his lapel. “I asked him who he was pushing for and he said Labour. I asked what he and other people think of Keir Starmer, and he said: ‘Well, he has to do more’. “So, if even the Labour activists are coming across as slightly uncertain then perhaps there is some heavy-lifting to be done.”    Sir Keir Starmer has been bogged down by questions concerning footage that emerged of him drinking a beer with colleagues in April 2021 in Durham during campaigning for the Hartlepool by-election. Indoor mixing between households was banned at the time, though outdoor venues including pub gardens were open. Several ministers, including trade secretary Anne-Marie Trevelyan, have called for an investigation to be reopened into Sir Keir’s activities last April. But the Labour leader has accused Tory MPs of trying to distract from the issues at hand ahead of the local elections. READ MORE: Durham Police should reopen Keir Starmer beer probe – POLL [POLL]  He said: "I have not had contact from Durham Police and I think people are just about fed up with the mudslinging that's going on. "We know there's elections coming, we know what the Conservatives are up to. What we need to do, I think, is focus on the issue in hand, which is the cost of living." "We were working, we stopped, we ate. No breach of the rules. No party. And I think that's enough for the mudslinging from the Tories on this." He added: "What this mudslinging tells me is that the Conservatives have no answer to the central issue, which is the cost-of-living crisis. If they had an answer to that question, they would give it." DON'T MISS: 'Very odd he didn't give detail earlier!' Peston skewers Starmer [REPORT] Have Your Say: Should Starmer apologise for beergate? [POLL] ‘Desperate’ Starmer abandons Partygate attack on Boris [REVEAL]   Sir Keir also accused the Tory party of being “out of touch” with the public after Boris Johnson was criticised for his reaction to a story about a pensioner riding the bus to keep warm. He responded to environment secretary George Eustice’s comments that families should buy non-branded food items to save money by saying he was “out of ideas and out of excuses”. Sir Keir said: "So, tomorrow really is a chance to send a message to the Government about their abject failure and to vote for a Labour Party that is on their side." "The Prime Minister is suggesting that pensioners should ride the buses to keep warm and ministers are suggesting that families should stop buying branded food. I mean, talk about out of touch and out of ideas and out of excuses."   