The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are set to return to Britain to join other royals for the celebrations next month. The Duke of Cambridge is said to want to try to heal the rift with his brother but is concerned Harry could spill details to Netflix, Oprah Winfrey or in his tell-all memoir. A source told the Sun: “William wants to talk to Harry to try to heal the rift between them but he’s fearful it will find its way on to Netflix, Oprah or into Harry’s upcoming book.” It comes as Harry and Meghan Markle were followed by a camera crew for Netflix at the Invictus Games last month, while the Duke of Sussex is releasing his memoir later this year. Royal biographer Tom Bower added: “William will worry that Harry and Meghan will pull a stunt to try to get the limelight. “Kate and William would be foolish not to be suspicious and would be unwise not to be cautious.” Harry and Meghan last week revealed plans to travel to the UK with their two children for the milestone occasion in June. Speculation had been high over whether the couple would attend amid the Duke of Sussex's legal battle with the Home Office over police protection for his family while in the country. A spokeswoman for the couple said: "Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are excited and honoured to attend The Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations this June with their children." It will be the first time Harry and Meghan have brought their family to Britain since leaving for the US. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Harry 'eager' to return as part-time royals The Sussexes' announcement came minutes after the Queen's decision to only allow working members of the Royal Family on Buckingham Palace's balcony of for Trooping the Colour was confirmed. The sovereign's official birthday parade will kick off the four-day Jubilee weekend. A Palace spokesman said: "After careful consideration, the Queen has decided this year's traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday June 2 will be limited to Her Majesty and those members of the royal family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of the Queen." DON'T MISSMeghan and Harry slammed for adding 'another burden' to frail Queen [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Would you like to see Harry and William reunited? [POLL]Harry risks becoming 'just another foreign prince' without royal ties [ANALYSIS] However, the monarch has made an exception for Princess Anne's husband Vice Admiral Sir Tim Laurence, her two youngest grandchildren Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn and her Cambridge great-grandchildren Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. Also joining the Queen on the balcony for Trooping will be Prince Charles, Camilla, Prince William, Prince Edward, Sophie, the Princess Royal, the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester, the Duke of Kent and Princess Alexandra. But Harry and Meghan could reportedly still end up stepping out on the Palace's balcony despite the ban. According to the Daily Mail, the Sussexes could make a starring appearance at the Jubilee Pageant alongside other royals, possibly even as part of a second balcony moment. The couple are living in California with their children Archie, three, and Lili, who turns one next month, after quitting royal duties in 2020. They recently visited the Queen at Windsor Castle en route to the Invictus Games in the Netherlands. 