Aston Villa star John McGinn could be on his way to Tottenham this summer in a shock transfer after Antonio Conte identified the player as a preferred target. The Italian wants to bring in several players in the window. Villa star McGinn has emerged as a shock Tottenham transfer target this summer with Conte plotting an overhaul of his squad. Spurs look set to finish in the top four ahead of Arsenal. And doing so would be a huge bonus in the transfer window with players more willing to join if they were participating in Europe's most elite competition. It would also help Daniel Levy trying to convince Conte to stick around amid rumours that he could leave. The Italian has also been quite critical of his squad over the course of the season, even insisting that his team was weaker after January's transfer window. And he could get his wish to bring in his kind of players in the summer. According to the Telegraph, Conte has targeted as many as six players to bolster his squad in a huge shake-up in north London. One of those includes Villa star McGinn with midfield an area of concern. Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg and Rodrigo Bentancur are Conte's preferred choices in midfield but beyond that, there is little depth with Harry Winks unfancied by the former Inter Milan boss. McGinn has been a fine performer for Villa since his arrival in 2018. The Scotland international is one of the first names on the team sheet for Steven Gerrard, as well as previous manager Dean Smith. He cost just £3.5million from Hibernian and has gone on to become a fan favourite. A move to Tottenham would still come as a surprise, though, but Conte believes that he could sign McGinn with little persuasion. The 52-year-old reckons that Spurs could be an appealing location for many players. The second factor is the financial reasons behind the deal that would see the Scotsman boost his wages massively. He is not one of the top earners at Villa, though he is contracted there for another three years. It means that Spurs might be forced to fork out a big fee is they want to bring McGinn to the club. It still remains to be seen whether there is any interest from the players as well.