Simon Jordan slammed the pitch invasion at Manchester City after they won the Premier League on Sunday, calling the fans who went on “imbeciles” following their 3-2 win over Aston Villa. The final whistle at the Etihad Stadium sparked waves of City fans running onto the playing surface, as Villa goalkeeper Robin Olsen was attacked during the scenes. Pep Guardiola’s team came from two goals down to defeat Villa and seal their fourth league title in five years. Former Crystal Palace owner Jordan, speaking on talkSPORT, said: “I look at those Man City fans yesterday and the overriding, overarching reaction is not because it’s Man City, brilliant football club well done for winning the Premier League. Your fans are imbeciles for going on the pitch, and Man City for not stopping it. “Knowing it was coming, and not saying to the fans ‘We are going to police this properly, and if you do this we are not going to bring the trophy out, we are not going to celebrate. We are not going to allow the pitch to be invaded, you get off the pitch when you feel like it’. The problem is people invading the pitch to celebrate something, you can’t legislate for that one per cent of people that want to go and smack somebody else in the mouth.” Fans took to the pitch after an emotional final day of the season, as goals from Matty Cash and Philippe Coutinho saw Steven Gerrard’s side hold a two-goal cushion at the Etihad with 15 minutes left to play. However three goals in five minutes, a brace from Ilkay Gundogan and one from Rodri, saw City finish one point ahead of second-placed Liverpool, who also came from behind to defeat Wolves on Sunday. City’s pitch invasion is the latest of incidents that have seen players and staff attacked. A Nottingham Forest fan headbutted Sheffield United's Billy Sharp after their play-off semi-final before Crystal Palace boss Patrick Viera came to blows with an Everton supporter at Goodison Park on Thursday. Roy Keane, working for Sky Sports at the Etihad, held a similar view to Jordan. He said: "People have come back from Covid and forgot how to behave themselves. Idiots, scumbags. "I tell you what, a player or a manager is going to get seriously injured. If you're mad enough to come on the pitch and punch a player then you're mad enough to go and stab a player.” Gary Neville added: "All of a sudden in these last few weeks, we've got these idiots not just running on the pitch but actually attacking players. What the hell are you doing? Running on the pitch is obviously delirious, they've won the league so I get that. But attacking the opposition players on the pitch, where has this come from? It's absolutely ridiculous."