Prime Minister Boris Johnson is very popular in Ukraine, and the county has great trust for Britain, former MP Brooks Newmark has said. He has been working in Ukraine since the beginning of the Russian invasion, helping to get coaches into the country to save those unable to escape. He says that Ukrainians have trusted him due to his British accent, adding that the country is thankful for the UK's support. Mr Newmark told Express.co.uk: "You have no concept if you haven't been there. “The Brits are just the most amazing thing, everyone in Ukraine loves the Brits, trusts the Brits, loves Boris. "Other than Zelensky, Boris has to be the most popular human being in Ukraine today." This matched another viewpoint given by journalist Oz Katerji, who has been in Ukraine covering the war since it began. He tweeted in March: "As someone who has been a fierce critic of Boris Johnson for a long time, it must be said, as far as Ukrainians I speak to are concerned, he is the best ally Ukraine has. "I honestly take no pleasure in reporting this but it’s indisputably true. Come here & ask people yourself. "On a personal level, I am still extremely critical of his policies both towards Ukraine and on the domestic sanctions push. “But people here see Britain as being a more reliable ally now than the US and the EU. "I can only speak anecdotally of course, but it’s still my experience." Last week, Mr Johnson became the first world leader to address Kyiv's Parliament. He confirmed that the UK will send a package of support worth £300million to Ukraine in coming weeks. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky spoke after Mr Johnson, describing the UK and Ukraine as “brothers and sisters”. READ MORE: Russian military in ‘embarrassing’ state as generals turn on Putin Mr Johnson told the parliament: “In the coming weeks, we in the UK will send you Brimstone anti-ship missiles and Stormer anti-aircraft systems. “We are providing armoured vehicles to evacuate civilians from areas under attack and protect officials – what Volodymyr (Zelensky) mentioned to me in our most recent call – while they maintain critical infrastructure. “I can announce today from the UK Government a new package of support totalling £300million, including radars to pinpoint the artillery bombarding your cities, heavy lift drones to supply your forces and thousands of night vision devices. “We will carry on supplying Ukraine, alongside your other friends, with weapons, funding and humanitarian aid, until we have achieved our long-term goal, which must be so to fortify Ukraine that no-one will ever dare to attack you again.” While the Government has been praised for its response to the invasion, it has also come under fire for its handling of the refugee crisis. DON'T MISS Ukraine Eurovision 2022: Who is Kalush Orchestra? Russian troops WIPE OUT own unit in friendly fire fiasco NATO allies: Putin handed boost as Finland hits application block Bureaucracy has meant some asylum seekers have struggled to get access to a UK visa. Mr Newmark, who is housing two refugees himself, said: "The daughter and mother I am now housing applied at the same time for asylum. “The daughter got her visa in four days. For the mother, it took three and a half weeks. "If there are families coming over, they should apply on one application. It is absolutely foolish to make families apply on separate applications. "The criticism is correct. I gather that there are more people getting their visas."