Bargain hunters looking at ways to save on their mobile bills should head to the SMARTY website. The contract-free network, which is actually powered by Three Mobile, is right now offering an incredible SIM-only deal that includes 12GB of 5G data plus unlimited calls and texts for just £4 a month. This plan usually costs £8 a month with the 50 percent saving available for the first three months of the deal. The offer is for new SMARTY customers only, and the plan offers a number of perks. All SMARTY SIMs include Wi-Fi calling, so if you're in an area with a low signal but have access to an internet connection you can supercharge your signal. Also, unlike other leading mobile providers, SMARTY still offers EU roaming. So you can use calls, texts and data (subject to fair use) abroad with no extra charges.  One of the big selling points of SMARTY is it offers a contract-free experience, so if you want to you can cancel at any time. SMARTY says that this means it won't "force" any annual price rises on you, which will ensure you're happy with the amount that appears on your bill each month. SMARTY said: "We won’t force annual price increases on you, you can make the most of simple, honest mobile, confident that your bill will be just what you expect with our flexible monthly plans." The promotional £4 price for the SMARTY SIM is available for the first three months, after which the price will go back to its usual £8 cost. Along with that £4 SIM, the network also has another offer available which includes 100GB of data for just £12 per month.  SMARTY also offers additional ways customers can save, thanks to its refer a friend programme. For every friend that you refer to SMARTY who signs up as well you both will get a free month's worth of access. The more friends you refer that sign up, the more months you'll get for free. In theory, if you manage to refer 12 different friends who sign up to SMARTY you'll be able to get an entire year's worth of access without paying a penny. SMARTY is powered by the Three network, which offers 99 percent 3G and 4G coverage for the UK's population. While latest figures show Three's 5G network is reaching 54 percent of Britons. 