The composer Ethel Smyth was an extraordinary character: a suffragette who was sentenced to two months in Holloway Prison for attacking a politician's home, she has later created a Dame of the British Empire for her musical achievements. Her opera, The Wreckers, is set in a Cornish coastal village where their only source of income was through looting ships they had lured to crash onto their shores. A noble pair of lovers who light beacons to save the sailors are seen by the villagers as traitors, which brings local politics and romance into the story. Smyth's music is impressive, and the singing, as always at Glyndebourne, is magnificent, but dramatically The Wreckers just doesn't really work.  The plot is convoluted and ponderous, there is too little action, and the story drags. After an impressive start, with some excellent lighting and visuals conveying the passions of a storm at sea, the director, Melly Still, did little to counteract the dreariness of the story. The final act, in which the villagers seem to keep changing their minds about who they should hang, seemed particularly confusing and unconvincing.  Le Nozze di Figaro ***** The next day, however, the audience was treated to a glorious revival of Michael Grandage's production of Mozart's Marriage of Figaro. This began with Count Almaviva driving onto the stage in a sports car, which was greeted by obvious amusement, and the mood even improved when the Count got out of the car, waited a moment, and then asked the audience to bear with a slight delay as they had a small problem. Only seconds later, the stage began to rotate, as it should have done slightly earlier, taking the car off the stage as the scene changed to the bedroom Figaro is to share with his bride Susanna. The small hitch and its quick solution seemed to put the audience in a very good mood, and it was the only thing that went wrong the entire evening. Glyndebourne has assembled a hugely talented young cast for this production. Quite apart from beautiful voices, they all displayed exceptional comic skills which added to the magnificence of Mozart's music. South Korean soprano Hera Hyesang Park was outstanding as Susanna while American soprano Emily Pogorelc was brilliant as the mischievous pageboy Cherubino. Her boyish movements and especially her dancing at Figaro's wedding were gloriously funny, making her a real scene-stealer even when in the background. Both US bass-baritone Brandon Cedel (Figaro) and Mexican baritone Germán Olvera (Almaviva) sang powerfully while adding to the fun with some subtle comic moves. I have often felt that for any theatrical performance to be totally successful, the performers and the audience have to be seen to be enjoying themselves equally. By that criterion, this one was perfect. Box Office and information: glyndebourne.com or 01273 815000 (various dates until June 24 for The Wreckers, July 16 for Le Nozze di Figaro).