Michael delivers another towering performance today as the brash Jack T. Colton in 1984's Romancing the Stone, which airs at 1pm on Channel 5. It follows American bird hunter Colton who helps a romantic-adventure writer in her attempts to save her sister in the Colombian jungle. Their exploits are tested when it becomes clear that the sister would be killed if a treasure is not delivered to her captors. Alongside Michael in the Eighties flick — which became a box office success — are fellow Hollywood heavyweights Kathleen Turner and Danny DeVito. Michael, a two-time Oscar winner, and his family have an illustrious history with Hollywood. This includes his now 43-year-old son Cameron who is attempting to make a name for himself in the acting world like his father and grandfather Kirk. Away from the professional success, however, Cameron’s personal life has been fraught with trouble, including a long battle with cocaine and heroin addiction. In 2009, the actor was jailed for eight years after his exploits selling crystal meth were uncovered. He reflected on that period in his life in his 2019 book Long Way Home, which noted the struggle he had coping with the fame of his father. Douglas wrote: "It’s strange growing up seeing your father and grandfather as giants projected on screens and billboards. "It’s diminishing to be perceived mainly as someone else’s son. JUST IN: Romancing The Stone Very naughty' Kathleen Turner and Michael Douglas "How do you compete with Kirk Douglas? How do you live in Michael Douglas’ shadow?" Later, he openly discussed the experience of witnessing his parents divorce, focusing particularly on the year 1995 when Michael and Cameron's mother Diandra's relationship was at breaking point. He noted how at the time a private investigator caught Michael entering a hotel with another woman. He wrote: "It’s sad to think back on, but when they told me they were getting divorced, it didn’t knock my socks off. "Actually, I welcomed it." DON'T MISS:Michael Douglas health: 'Walnut-sized tumour' was first sign of cancer [INSIGHT]Michael Douglas' emotional last words to father Kirk on birthday [LATEST]Michael Douglas on Debra Winger bite as Kathleen Turner replaced her [ANALYSIS] While Michael and Cameron are close today, their relationship was not always as strong, with Cameron recalling a discussion where he made his thoughts on his father clear. Michael reportedly told Cameron before his arrest that he thought he was "going to overdose, or someone's going to kill you", adding: "I'm trying to prepare myself emotionally". Cameron, who has been drug-free since 2014, spoke about these issues with the Cyprus Mail in 2019, and how he hoped he had turned a corner. He said: "When I look back, it feels like a different person and a different life. I lost so many years. "I now have a fire and desire burning inside me to put a life together for myself and my family, to make up for all that lost time. "I hope eventually I will be able to thank my younger self for teaching me the lessons I need to learn to live a productive, meaningful life." Cameron's filmography includes roles in flicks such as Mr. Nice Guy and National Lampoon's Adam & Eve. He is in a long term relationship with Viviane Thibes, and the couple have two children, a daughter named Lua Izzy and a son named Ryder. Romancing the Stone airs today on Channel 5 from 1pm.