Harry, 37, was pictured on Friday enjoying a game in Santa Barbara. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have lived in Montecito, California since 2020, following their step down from royal duties. At the game, Harry was changing his shirt on the sidelines and having sun cream or an ointment applied. He then warmed up for the match, held the same day as his son Archie's third birthday. The Duke recently joined the polo team Los Padres, having played the sport for most of his life. Los Padres is run by Harry’s long-time friend Ignacio "Nacho" Figueras Bermejo, who said he was “excited” for the Duke to join the team. He told US broadcaster KCLU: “My polo team has a platform where we use the sport and the platform to raise awareness for charities. “Harry's going to be a part of this team.” Mr Bermejo is an Argentine polo player and model with a six-goal handicap, and is believed to have met Harry in 2007 when the Duke set up his charity Sentebale, which helps those affected by HIV. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Pure theatrics' Harry & Meghan savaged over Jubilee On Sunday May 1, Mr Bermejo announced Harry joined Los Padres for the Santa Barbara Polo Club‘s Harry East Memorial Tournament on Instagram. He said: “We’ve ridden together many times over the years and now that we’re both parents, it’s extra special to be able to spend this time together. “The name Los Padres was inspired by the proximity of the field to the Los Padres National Forest and also by our connection as fathers.” Mr Bermejo then posted a picture of the team holding a trophy on May 4, saying it was a “great way to start” Los Padres. DON'T MISS Brexit LIVE: Sunak to pull rug from under Truss in last-ditch bid Rishi Sunak 'looking at options' to fix sky-high bills crisis Queen sends 'Fantastic Five' on UK tour to celebrate Platinum Jubilee It comes after it was confirmed Harry, Meghan Markle and Prince Andrew will not appear on the Buckingham Palace balcony during Trooping the Colour. The monarch will be joined in June only by "members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties", Buckingham Palace said. Despite not appearing on the balcony, Prince Harry and his wife Meghan will travel to the UK for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. A spokesperson for the Duke and the Duchess of Sussex said they would be coming to the UK for the Jubilee with their two children, Archie and Lilibet. The couple were said to be "excited and honoured to attend the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations".