The dog's owner, Yvonne Williams, 59, of Millcroft Road, Cumbernauld, has been banned from owning animals for five years and received a two-year community payback order after pleading guilty to failing to provide veterinary treatment or pain relief three-year-old mastiff cross Arla. Williams pled guilty to a further charge of failing to protect her two cats, Ginger and Bandit, from suffering, injury and disease at Airdrie Sheriff Court on March 29 2022. The Scottish SPCA visited Williams' property on March 31 2021 following a complaint of dog neglect to their helpline. Scottish SPCA chief inspector, John Chisholm, said: “It was reported that Aria had a swollen, bleeding ear and had not received any veterinary treatment. “Further concerns were raised about the living conditions within the property and that a number of cats had fleas. “We have received a number of complaints regarding animals at the property, dating back to 2017. “Advice and subsequent follow up visits have been given to Williams over the last four years. “In 2019 we agreed to take one of her dogs into our care as she could not cope with two big dogs. “Williams was strongly advised not to take on any more animals." Mr Chisholm said Arla had also been suffering from an ear condition during a previous visit to the property in 2020. Williams took her pet to the vet after being issued an animal welfare notice and agreed to follow the treatment plan.  Mr Chisholm said: “At the most recent visit it was confirmed that Aria was again suffering with her ears, and Williams had not taken her to the vets since March 2020. “Aria was visibly distressed and constantly clawing and scratching at both ears.  “Her left ear in particular was swollen and solid to the touch. The inside of the ear appeared to be completely blocked with thickened skin. “Aria was taken for immediate veterinary attention. The vet described her condition as the worst ear condition they had seen in their career, confirming that Aria had experienced prolonged unnecessary suffering over a number of months. “Due to the severity of Aria’s ear condition and the irreversible nature of the damage to her ear canals, she was put to sleep on veterinary advice to end her suffering.” Williams' two cats were taken to Scottish SPCA centres where it was found they were underweight, had heavy flea infestations and needed dental surgery to fix dental disease and inflamed gums. They have received treatment but remained in the charity's care as Williams had not signed them over. Mr Chisholm added: “We are pleased Williams has pled guilty and received a five-year ban and community payback order. Now that the case has concluded we will finally be able to find Ginger and Bandit the loving homes they deserve. “Aria was caused a seriously unnecessary amount of suffering and distress despite continued advice. Her condition could have been completely treatable had Williams provided her with the care she needed. “If anyone is concerned about an animal, they can contact our confidential animal helpline on 03000 999 999.” 