Novak Djokovic will ‘want revenge’ at the French Open this year, according to Mats Wilander. The Serb will enter the showpiece tournament at Roland Garros hoping to win a record-equalling 21st Grand Slam title. However, with Rafael Nadal also in contention for the prize, it will be far from straightforward. Djokovic was prevented from playing at this year’s Australian Open due to the fact he’s unvaccinated against coronavirus. And that allowed Nadal to take centre stage and triumph Down Under, with the Spaniard beating Daniil Medvedev in the final to make history. Djokovic is now preparing to play in a first Grand Slam since the ugly saga that, eventually, saw him deported. And Wilander, speaking to Marca, thinks the 34-year-old will ‘want revenge’ when he steps out onto the clay court. “For many reasons I have to say Novak (Djokovic),” he said when asked who he thinks the favourite to emerge victorious is. “First because he has just won Rome and that will give him confidence; then because I think he has a feeling of revenge within him after everything that has happened to him in recent months... Without being able to play the Australian Open. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “He is the defender of the crown. He has proven to himself that he can play long matches again despite the loss to Alcaraz in Madrid. “In Monte Carlo he gave a bad impression at the end of his match with Davidovich, he looked tired. “He is better now and he appears to be. He is the favourite in Paris.” Wilander has previously expressed a belief Djokovic will outdo the Grand Slam exploits of both Nadal and Roger Federer. And he’s sticking to his guns, with the Swede adding: “I keep thinking about it. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Every time he is at his best level I see him very fresh in every way. “The feeling it gives is that time passes for Nadal and with Djokovic I don't know if he is 24, 25 or 35 years old. “I always see him the same on a physical level.” While the French Open has often been dominated by Nadal, Djokovic has still been able to make his mark. He triumphed in 2016, getting the better of Andy Murray in the final with a four-set win. And Djokovic was also too strong for Stefanos Tsitsipas, digging deep to prevail and claim the prize for a second time. Meanwhile, Russian players have been banned from playing at this year’s Wimbledon amid the country’s war with Ukraine. The All England Club recent imposed a blanket ban on both Russian and Belarusian players ahead of this year’s tournament. And Djokovic doesn’t think fellow stars will try and boycott the tournament despite the controversial ruling. “Athletes are here to do sports,” Djokovic said. “If we expel them from sports just because they come from a certain country, that is a bad decision. We need communication with Wimbledon. “I am not involved in the negotiations like 10 years ago and I do not talk to the representatives of Wimbledon - but they told me that they are very strict. “[A] boycott is a very aggressive thing - as well as that there are much better solutions.” And he then added: “Ordinary people always suffer - we've had lots of wars in the Balkans. “That being said, I cannot support the Wimbledon decision. It's not the athletes' fault. “When politics interfere with sport, it usually doesn't turn out well.”