Europe's largest private jet facility has gone to a standstill after protestors blocked entrances at the airport in Hampshire this morning [Sunday, May 22]. Extinction Rebellion Stirling tweeted: "In the early hours of the morning, people from Extinction Rebellion blocked the key entrances to Farnborough Airport, Europe's largest private jet facility, demanding the UK government stops private flights now."  Today’s demonstration is not the first time protestors have blocked entrances to Farnborough Airport. The activists also took to the airport yesterday, May 21, as they demand an end to private flights and tax-free fuel for the rich. Demonstrators have blocked a number of entrances at the site, which they describe as “a premier private jet facility”. The protest comes as politicians and businessmen from around the world are expected to fly using private jets to the Davos World Economic Forum meeting in Switzerland where they will discuss climate change.  READ MORE: Japan turns to UK in development of next-generation fighter jet The Extinction Rebellion protestors have highlighted the “sheer hypocrisy of the political and business elite”. The Davos meeting will take place between May 22 and May 26. Images show demonstrators blocking and lying across roads leading to the entrance of the airport. Protestors have been seen holding signs reading ‘Flying To Extinction’ and ‘Private Jets = Public Deaths’. Another reads ‘Stop Private Flights Now’.  DON'T MISS:Rishi Sunak spends £500,000 of taxpayers' cash on focus groups [COMMENT]Mum whose partner ran off with Ukrainian claims 'she was after him' [PICTURES]Boris Johnson was handed blueprint to fix biggest Brexit crisis [ANALYSIS] Danielle McHallam, a protester at Farnborough, spoke about her decision to protest and described the injustice she sees, especially in the current cost of living crisis. She said: “I cannot continue to sit by and watch the rich and powerful benefit from untaxed aviation fuel whilst those on low incomes are struggling to pay their energy bills or fill up their cars. “57 per cent of the cost to fill up a car is paid in fuel duty whilst aviation fuel is not taxed at all.” The 33-year-old added: “The continued overuse of private jets just underpins the breakdown of the social contract in today’s society where the ‘elite’ can continue to operate ‘business as usual’ without any regard for the environmental or social damage they are causing.” Dr. J. Peter Pham, who filmed the protest and was planning on catching a flight from the airport, wrote on Twitter: “Climate protesters opposed to private aviation blocked multiple entrances to the #UK’s #Farnborough Airport this morning, forcing me & other passengers to burn extra #FossilFuels & emit more #carbon driving around the perimeter looking for a way to get past them to our flights. 