Liverpool look set to miss out on their second high-profile French transfer target of the summer, with Aurelien Tchouameni choosing to join Real Madrid over a switch to Anfield. The AS Monaco midfielder has become one of Europe's highest-rated young stars over the last two seasons and is primed for a heavyweight move. Tchouameni has decided to sign a five-year contract with Real in a deal worth £69million (€80m) plus bonuses, RMC report. The La Liga champions have reacted quickly after Kylian Mbappe opted against pursuing a dream move to commit his future to Paris Saint-Germain. Real president Florentino Perez was left 'seething' after Mbappe contacted him last week ahead of putting pen to paper on a three-year contract extension at PSG, becoming the best-paid player in football history. And in the aftermath, the 23-year-old superstar revealed he didn't have the choice of Real but had also unbelievably held talks with Liverpool. He told the Telegraph: "We talked a little bit, but not too much. We talked a little bit. I talked to Liverpool because it's the favourite club of my mum, my mum loves Liverpool. I don't know why; you will have to ask her! It's a good club, and we met them five years ago. When I was in Monaco, I met them. It's a big club." JUST IN: PSG 'considering' giving Pochettino one year to wait for Guardiola Sections of the Liverpool fanbase have called for fresh blood in central midfield, particularly a player capable of regularly starting in both the 'six' and 'eight' roles. Tchouameni's decision to join the Spanish giants will come as a blow as Jurgen Klopp looks to reinvigorate his Champions League-chasing squad. There have also been calls for Klopp to recruit another out-and-out winger, with Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane's contracts up in 2023 and Diogo Jota preferred centrally. Mbappe could have been the German coach's leading target in that area, too, so the club's summer appears to have started with a double blow. READ MORE: West Ham star Kurt Zouma pleads guilty to kicking and slapping pet cat  The widespread desire for new acquisitions in the middle of the park comes as no surprise. While Liverpool's current first-choice trio - Fabinho, Jordan Henderson and Thiago - oozes class, they are aged 28, 31 and 31, respectively. Klopp has focused on young signings, both for the future and ready to add to his current team, in recent windows in the form of Diogo Jota, Ibrahima Konate and Luis Diaz. There will be plenty of intrigue into where the Reds look next in the market, with their Premier League inferiors Manchester City showing no signs of stopping Pep Guardiola's spending spree. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.