Dan Wootton shared his views on the coverage of beergate on Wednesday’s GB News and skewered Keir Starmer for focusing on partygate while simultaneously insisting he had not broken Covid rules. The GB News host branded the Labour leader a ‘hypocrite’ as he pointed out Starmer had insisted on Boris Johnson’s resignation over a “similar indiscretion”. “One thing first,” Dan began. “It's the curry cover up the mainstream media have tried to ignore for weeks. “But Labour's beers with Keir scandal could now bring down Starmer over his rank hypocrisy and potential lockdown law-breaking. “So shortly I'll have a special digest on this and then my superstar panel weigh in.” After introducing his panel, Dan continued to vent his outrage at the Labour scandal. Read more: Dan Wootton slams Labour/Lib Dem pact as ‘a nightmare’ for Brits He said: “I’m going to call it Keir’s Korma Karma. You’ll remember that for the majority of the past five months, the Labour party and its embattled leader tried to convince us that the most important issue in the country was partygate. “Even in the middle of a cost of living crisis, a once in a generation pandemic recovery and a terrifying European war, Mr Starmer told us consistently and constantly that both the Prime Minister and the Chancellor should resign because they were presented with a birthday cake in an unopened Tupperware container in the middle of 2020. “I was as angry as you about the rule-breaking, given the completely inhumane policies the government enacted on us. “But there has been no sense of perspective from the political or media class.” “Until it turns out, Starmer and his Deputy Leader Angela Rayner were at it as well,” he continued. “The Beers with Keir event in Durham last April was a far more egregious breach of the rules. “And now, treating voters as if we’re stupid, Labour doesn’t want to talk about partygate. “No, they insist, there are more important issues, despite spending the past five months demanding the Prime Minister resign for a smaller indiscretion.” DON'T MISSGB News: Prince Harry slammed by Mark Dolan as ‘king of the snowflake  [VIDEO]Dan Wootton’s GB News show crushes Sky News in ratings battle  [INSIGHT]Labour MP filmed 'sprinting' from GB News cameras after Starmer probe [INTERVIEW] Dan showcased footage of the Labour leader appearing on Sky News, BBC and on LBC insisting he had not broken Covid rules. The GB News host’s frustration comes after Starmer revealed the police have not contacted him again about accusations he broke lockdown rules. The Labour leader was pictured drinking a bottle of beer through a window in Durham on April 30, 2021. During an appearance on Tuesday’s BBC Radio 4 Today programme, he declined to answer if had spoken to the police again. However, Starmer told reporters on Wednesday: “I have not had contact from Durham Police, and I think people are just about fed up with the mudslinging going on." He then hit out at the Conservative Party and added: “[They have] no answer to the central question, which is the cost of living crisis.” Meanwhile, Boris Johnson, his wife Carrie and Chancellor Rishi Sunak were fined by the Metropolitan Police for attending a birthday party for the Prime Minister in Downing Street. Dan Wootton Tonight continues on GB News on Thursday at 9pm.