Shocked? Me too, but probably not as shocked as a chap in Govan just about to claim his first pension payment. So you'd think Nicola Sturgeon (MSP Glasgow Southside) might be doing something about it. You'd think, in fact, it might be at the very, very top of her to-do list. It's not. Death rates, especially drug death rates and suicides, are getting worse.   What she was doing this week in fact was swanning about 3,500 miles away from Scotland in the USA telling a pointless American Think Tank (dedicated entirely to "the welfare of all Americans" as opposed to say "the welfare of all Scots") that she could see a time when Scotland could become a member of NATO. Someone really, I mean really, ought to tell her that Scotland already is a member of NATO. Perhaps the skipper of the US Virginia Class nuclear sub currently parked-up at Faslane. But this is Nicola Sturgeon, an angry, myopic bundle of vaulting hubris whose self-importance is only matched by her utter inability to be of any use to the people of Scotland. Nicola, it is hard not to conclude, loves herself dearly. She can barely believe she is taken seriously (okay stop laughing at the back, semi-seriously then) on the international stage, and she is going to milk every last drop until she gets found out. The fact she is looking increasingly barmy and out of touch, with her independence dream crumbling further by the day, has done nothing to dent her hubris. I have a sneaking suspicion she only hooked up with Patrick Harvie's Greens just so she would have someone even more ridiculous than her to take the heat off. But though barm cake she may be she is still a clear and present danger to the United Kingdom and the NATO alliance. Let's just have a look at that SNP/Green position on NATO shall we, seeing as she made such a big thing about it. Scottish Nationalists (least said about them rooting for Hitler's Nazis in the Second World War the better) want to remove all traces of nuclear weaponry from Scotland. They also, by definition, want to weaken the British Army, Navy and Air Force. And then, having told NATO's leading members where they can stick their deterrence and unity, Nicola will get her best pink stationery out and write a letter to Jens Stoltenberg asking to join. Presumably so she can safely shelter under NATO's nuclear umbrella but, you know, without the inconvenience of having to pay for it or maintain it. Good luck with that First Minister. It's probably slipped Nicola's attention but there's quite a queue of nations keen to get NATO membership right now. And most of them make a lone Scotland look like a very poor bet.    Sweden and Finland not only bring considerable military clout but serve as a substantial bulwark against the mad Muscovite's imperial dreams. Ukraine, if NATO has the cohones, is a no-brainer and even Switzerland, Quisling past and Nazi gold notwithstanding, would make another weighty geopolitical point. Scotland, a pacifist state if Sturgeon's sidekick Harvie gets his way, will have little more than a few dusty claymores to bring to the NATO table. I'm not sure Jens will be clamouring. What irks me almost as much as Nicola's stupid, stupid, stupid insistence on Scottish independence - entirely against the will of the people she is supposed to represent - is that if she would just focus on making Scotland a better place for the people who live there she just might, might, be the woman for the job. But that's not going to happen. The people of Scotland have been waiting far too long for things to turn a corner and, shamefully, they still have crumbling hospitals, failing schools and a government seemingly okay with the fact their men have a lifespan more suited to the Middle Ages than a modern thriving nation. 