Paved patios and driveways add a great deal to the overall aesthetic of almost any home and that makes them a most welcome addition. However, if neglected for an indefinite amount of time, these patios can get overrun with pesky weeds. Before gardeners know it, they will be popping up, right and left between the slabs or blocks of patios. Gardening experts at Fantastic Services have shared how to use natural weed killer remedies to get rid of weeds. They explained: “Believe it or not, there are certain products that everyone has in their kitchen which can substitute store-bought weed killer. “Not only are they easy to get a hold of but they’re also surprisingly effective.” The experts noted that white vinegar is “super effective with dealing with patio weeds. READ MORE: Weeding tips: How to ‘effectively’ kill weeds for ‘zero cost’ They said: “Thanks to its acetic acid content, vinegar can be used as a weed killer. “However, it’s important to note that not all types of vinegar will work. “You have to make sure the one you’re using has a concentration of at least five percent acetic acid.” This concentration of acetic acid can be found in household white vinegar. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to remove limescale from taps using 2p hack - ‘easy’ [COMMENT]Pests: ‘Inexpensive’ and ‘simple’ way to get rid of woodlice [EXPERT]Cleaning: How to clean washing machine drawers - 'cheap and effective’ [TIPS] The gardening gurus added: “Vinegar is super effective when dealing with smaller weeds, not so much with bigger ones. “When applying it to weeds, make sure not to spill it on any neighbouring plants, as it will burn them as well.” Salt can also be used as an “effective” method of eliminating paving weeds. The experts explained: “Salt has been used for centuries as a herbicide because of how effective it is. “To start things off, mix well three parts water and one part salt in a spray bottle. “Spray the weeds growing between the block paving and wait for the mixture to dry up.” Once it’s all good and dry, gardeners can cover the weed infested areas with some dry salt. Be sure to do this method once every two to four weeks when the weather outside isn’t too windy. Baking soda is also a good natural weed killer, according to experts. The gardening pros said: “To make use of this method, scatter some baking soda in bigger quantities all over the block paving. “Then with the help of a broom, sweep the soda into the cracks where the weeds are growing out of. “Add the finishing touch by spraying water all over your patio, using a hose. “This method is most effective during spring and autumn.”