Lando Norris has warned driving the Monaco Grand Prix in wet conditions on Sunday was ‘not safe’ as it was impossible to see any cars in front. The McLaren driver stressed drivers were ‘millimetres' from having a crash every single lap as he warned it was impossible to see ‘five metres in front’. His comments come as the iconic circuit’s future on the calendar remains at risk. F1 is yet to agree a new deal with the Automobile Club de Monaco to run the race from 2023 due to a range of disagreements. Writing in his Telegraph column, Norris said: “It is only when you are actually in a Formula One car, feeling brake temperatures, the tyre temperatures, the grip levels, that you can truly appreciate what is possible and what is not. What is safe and what is not. And it was not safe on Sunday. “You literally couldn't see five metres in front of you during that first attempt to get the race underway. Ultimately, it is me that is risking my neck out there. We all saw the consequences of one tiny error on Sunday. READ MORE: Monaco Grand Prix at centre of huge watch row which may see race axed “Mick Schumacher missed the apex of the right-hander at the Swimming Pool and positioned the car just a fraction offline - maybe no more than 10cm - and that was it. Game over. “The truth is we are all millimetres away from having a crash like that every single lap. 'It can be something as small as hitting a bump slightly wrong, or missing a gear change. That is what makes it so intense.” Norris claimed he almost lost control of his car at least five to eight times over the course of Sunday’s race. The FIA's handling of the Monaco Grand Prix has been questioned after the race director decided to delay the start when it was only drizzling. A formation lap was eventually started as the weather worsened but the race was red flagged moments later. DON'T MISSGeorge Russell takes aim at TV producer over Lando Norris near-miss [INSIGHT]Lando Norris 'sleeps eight hours across four days' ahead of Monaco GP [COMMENT]McLaren chief 'stayed away' during Norris to Red Bull swap deal talks [ANALYSIS] Discussions have been held over the future of the race but several sticking points still remain before a deal can be struck. It is understood F1 is not happy with some of the previous privileges awarded to Monaco under Bernie Ecclestone such as its right to strike its own sponsorship agreements. However, Monaco organiser Michel Boeri has previously claimed the race would continue to be held. Last month he explained: “We are still in talks with them and must now seal the deal with a contract. “I can guarantee you that the Grand Prix will keep taking place beyond 2022. I don't know if it will be a three- or five-year contract, but that's a detail."