 The Palace will welcome 8,000 guests who have had a positive impact on their communities. Princess Beatrice will be accompanied by Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, Prince William, Prince Edward, Sophie, Countess of Wessex and the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester. It marks the third and final garden party at Buckingham Palace, with just one more of the annual soirees to take place at Holyrood House in Scotland.  The royals are hosting the parties on behalf of the Queen, who has not been in attendance due to ongoing mobility issues. Beatrice and her younger sister, Princess Eugenie, are known to share close relationships with their grandmother. The York sisters grew up at the Royal Lodge which is just a stone’s throw away from Windsor Castle, the Queen’s primary residence. Beatrice is the eldest daughter of Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson, and the Queen reportedly took a keen interest in her granddaughter from the minute she was born.  According to reports in The Sun, it took almost two weeks for the Yorks to formally announce their first born's name because of the Queen’s initial concerns. Fergie had decided on the name Annabel for her daughter, but Her Majesty reportedly deemed the name “too yuppie”. The Queen then suggested Beatrice, understood to be inspired by the name of Queen Victoria's youngest daughter. After 11 days of indecision, the princess was given the full name of Beatrice Elizabeth Mary, with her middle names being a nod to her grandmother and great-grandmother.  Beatrice also paid the same tribute to her grandmother when she named her daughter. Sienna Elizabeth Mapelli Mozzi was born last year to Beatrice and her husband, Edoardo. The royals are known for choosing sentimental names for their children. Eugenie named her first child August, one, and used Philip as the middle name, a nod to the Royal Family’s patriarch, Prince Philip. DON'T MISS: Royal POLL: Will you celebrate Platinum Jubilee? [VOTE] Royal Family LIVE: Queen warned Harry and Meghan risk 'overshadowing' [LIVE]Royal Family's favourite flowers and poignant meanings explained [INSIGHT]  And Kate and William’s children all have royal tributes in their names: Prince George’s full name is George Alexander Louis, thought to be in honour of the Duke of Cambridge’s great-grandfather, King George VI. Louis is believed to be a tribute to Lord Louis Mountbatten, the Duke of Edinburgh's uncle and the last British Viceroy of India before independence in 1947, and his middle names are Arthur — which he shares with his dad — and Charles, after the Prince of Wales. Princess Charlotte’s full name is Charlotte Elizabeth Diana, which pays homage to both the Queen and William’s late mother, Diana, Princess of Wales. Meghan Markle and Prince Harry also chose meaningful names for their two children.  While Archie Harrison’s name has no royal links, his middle name is a sweet nod to his father. Harrison is traditionally used as a surname and literally translates to “son of Harry”. The Sussexes’ daughter’s name pays tribute to two important women in the prince’s life. Lilibet derives from Her Majesty’s family nickname, and of course, her middle name — Diana — is a tribute to the Princess of Wales.