Haas driver Mick Schumacher is happy for F1 to add more American races to the calendar despite the backlash over this week's Miami Grand Prix. The sport will go to the Hard Rock Stadium for the first time this weekend after it was added to the schedule, alongside the US Grand Prix in Texas. Furthermore, it's been confirmed that in 2023, a race in Las Vegas will also be introduced. The build-up to Miami's big debut has been plagued by discontent though. Last month, residents in Florida took legal action in a bid to stop the event going ahead, citing 'noise pollution', only for their case to be dismissed by a judge to the relief of F1 bosses. There was then the threat of further chaos when new FIA race directors, Eduardo Freitas and Niels Wittich, both tested positive for Covid-19 and were considered major doubts to travel. It even led to some F1 fans to call for the return of Michael Masi, who was sacked amid the controversial finish to last season's Abu Dhabi Grand Prix. And to compound it all, there has been ridicule over the fake marina built by organisers especially for the race weekend. They have placed a fleet of stunning yachts on top of flooring dressed to look like water - with many hitting out online on what they feel is a ridiculous addition. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton 'at his most dangerous' as Charles Leclerc and Max Verstappen warned None of this seems to have affected the mindset of Schumacher though, who is still seeking his first F1 point of 2022: “I haven’t driven the track so it’s difficult to say what the highlights are going to be and what it’s going to be like, but an American race is always fun," he said. There’s always a lot of show, there are always celebrities that come who you wouldn’t get the opportunity to meet otherwise and it’s good to have the whole show broadcast. "I think it’s great that we’re becoming more and more American in some ways because I think the fans are great and I enjoy myself every time I go. I’m excited about racing there more and more in the future.” DON'T MISS:Mercedes statistic offers Lewis Hamilton and George Russell hope ahead of Miami Grand PrixLewis Hamilton and George Russell's Mercedes issues identified by F1 legendMiami GP's glitzy celeb guest list includes LeBron James, Michael Jordan and Tom Brady Schumacher's point about celebrities certainly looks set to ring true in Miami, with LeBron James, Michael Jordan and seven-time Super Bowl champion Tom Brady all reportedly on the guest list. David Beckham, and Serena and Venus Williams are also tipped to attend. A weekend ticket for fans costs £875 - while a day pass begins at approximately £480. If they are still available, the hospitality packages start from £3,800.