Prince William and, Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge have taken part in this year's Mental Health Minute campaign. The couple have encouraged Britons to “lift someone out of loneliness” with small acts of kindness, in a radio broadcast recorded specially for Mental Health Awareness Week. Speaking in the latest video on his YouTube channel, royal expert Neil Sean suggests that the couple's decision to take part in the campaign could have been a secret bid for William to "reach out" to Prince Harry, ahead of his UK return for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations next month. Mr Sean said: "According to a very good source, this really was a message back to Prince Harry because he seems to have taken ownership of, of course, victimhood. "I am not being cruel here but when you think about it, he's always talking about his own feelings, his own problems, burnout, you know, mental health, therapy, that sort of stuff. "He's got a brother, and his brother also will have encountered a lot of those problems, particularly as one day he's going to be our king." The royal expert added: "According to a very good source that I know inside palace walls, they said to me, look you know, if Prince Harry was shrewd enough he would realise that this wasn't just a message to the public, not a message to the world but also those closest to you, including his younger brother". READ MORE: How Meghan Markle 'entranced' Prince Harry when they first met – ‘obsessed’ He added : "A lot of people are saying is this a reach out ahead of, of course, the return for the Platinum Jubilee. "[And for] them to, at least, be more cordial. He noted that the brothers "haven't really spoken in months" and that they "haven't really seen each other at all since the unveiling of a statue for their late mother Diana last July". He concluded: "I do think it's a very clever move by Prince William because, as ever, reaching he's reaching out to others first and thinking of himself second". READ MORE: Prince Charles refuses to apologise for Queen over 'assimilation and genocide' in Canada According to Ms Brown, author of ‘The Palace Papers’, William and Harry were extremely close until Harry left the Army. Previously, Ms Brown told the Telegraph that relations between the two brothers is “very bad”. She added: “I’m told there’s absolutely nothing going on between them at the moment.” DON'T MISS Although Harry was previously unsure whether he and Meghan Markle would made a return to the UK for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations, it has since been confirmed that they will be in attendance. They are due to fly into the UK early next month, where celebrations are taking place during the first weekend in June. The couple are set to bring their two children, three-year-old son Archie and 11-month-old daughter Lilibet with them to the UK. The young girl will be celebrating her first birthday in the UK as the Queen marks her Platinum Jubilee.