New Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag doesn’t intend to let Cristiano Ronaldo play every game when he takes over at Old Trafford this summer, according to reports. The Portugal international has scored 23 goals across all competitions this term, more than any other player. But his long-term future is shrouded in uncertainty amid links to Real Madrid. Ronaldo took his tally for the season to 23 with a goal for United against Chelsea on Thursday night. But, as Ten Hag gears up for a summer switch to the Premier League, his future remains up in the air. Now, The Sunday Mirror say the incoming United boss has decided he wants to build a new Red Devils future based on ‘high energy and youth’. And he’s also decided that Ronaldo won’t be guaranteed to start every single game as a result. Ralf Rangnick and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer have deployed the former Real Madrid and Juventus star at the tip of their attack on a regular basis. But Ten Hag seems to have other ideas and Ronaldo, as he gets closer to the end of his career, won’t be the undroppable asset he once was. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Real Madrid are keen on a summer reunion with the forward, who netted 451 goals during his time with them. And what ultimately happens remains to be seen. When Ronaldo returned to United he believed the club was capable of competing with Liverpool and Manchester City for the Premier League title. But the Red Devils have got nowhere near their two rivals and will end the season without a trophy for the fifth year on the trot. United have lost against City, Liverpool, Everton and Arsenal in recent weeks and months. And that means they won’t be playing in the Champions League next season, for the first time since 2019. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Instead, United are currently on course to qualify for the Europa League instead. And they could even slide into the UEFA Conference League slots if they fail to win any of their last three matches. United would demand a fee of around £10million to let their No 7 go. And that’s in stark contrast to when Ronaldo first played for the club, with the Red Devils getting £80m from Real when he departed in 2009. Meanwhile, former United star Dimitar Berbatov would love to see his former team-mate stay put. But he also believes the veteran can be forgiven for pondering his future as the Red Devils’ season ends on a low note. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Speaking to Betfair, Berbatov said: “Ronaldo is doing incredibly well for his age with the way he plays and the goals he scores. “To have so many Premier League goals in a season at his age is an incredible achievement. “He is doing what he needs to do, and that is score goals. “His game is different now than it was before, but one thing is a constant, the goals. He still produces and scores which is so important. “He has one more year at United, which is a good thing in my opinion, and now it is down to him whether he stays or leaves. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “I’d be glad to see him stay and of course things depend on the new manager and on what Ronaldo wants. “He is an icon in football and when you are like that your opinion matters. “I’d be happy to see him stay and continue scoring as well as helping the players around him. “If he decides to go, obviously you can not blame him. “When you are used to playing Champions League football every year of your career and then you don't have it, it's tough to accept.”