Lionel Messi will reportedly leave behind Paris Saint-Germain for an ambitious project at Inter Miami next summer. Messi signed a two-year contract with PSG when he left Barcelona last summer, but he is already planning what comes next, with a move to the US under consideration according to reports.    The 34-year-old playmaker has endured an underwhelming debut campaign in Paris, contributing just six goals in 26 Ligue 1 appearances. PSG won the Ligue 1 title under Mauricio Pochettino in April, but they crashed out of the Champions League in dramatic circumstances at the hands of Real Madrid and there is a feeling that the club is yet to get the best out of Messi. Messi has been linked with a return to Barcelona ever since he touched down in Paris – in part due to the reluctant nature of his departure amid Barca’s financial difficulties. Such a proposition has been fuelled by comments from the Argentine’s father, Jorge, who said he “hopes” his son will return to Barca “one day”. However, that is not the only potential destination for Messi when his PSG contract expires in June 2023. He has also been strongly linked with new MLS side Inter Miami, who are part-owned by David Beckham.  JUST IN: Liverpool set to battle Man Utd for Antony but have Salah problem A report from Alex Candal of DIRECTV Sports claims that Messi has already agreed to join Inter Miami next summer. Not only will he play for the team, which is managed by former Manchester United defender and England womens’ boss Phil Neville, he will also take 35 per cent of the club’s shares. That possibility has received some pushback. Diario Sport say that Messi's entourage have branded the report as 'fake news' while insisting the plan is not currently on the agenda. Messi has holidayed in Florida with his family and has previously spoken about the allure of moving to the US to play in MLS before he retires. "I always had the dream of being able to enjoy and have the experience of living in the United States, experience what the league there is like,” he told Spanish TV station La Sexta last year. DON'T MISS Arsenal could have squandered Ilkay Gundogan transfer opportunity Tottenham 'make contact' with potential Harry Kane understudy Juventus CEO makes Pogba claim after talks with Man Utd star's agent  It is a mutual attraction, with Miami co-owner and executive director Jorge Mas talking up Messi earlier this year. "Leo Messi is still one of the best players in the world, his skills have not diminished," he told the Miami Herald in February. "I believe, and David [Beckham] has a relationship with him, that if he leaves PSG, at the time he leaves PSG we would love to have Messi as a player at Inter Miami and be part of our community. Can it happen? We will push. I'm an optimist at heart - can I see it happening? It's a possibility." 