Her Majesty is reported to have once said she needs "to be seen to be believed", in a stern assessment of the monarchy in the modern age. However, royal commentator Ian Lloyd believes the 96-year-old monarch no longer needs to abide by this mantra, as she has reached a stage in her life when she is "venerated". Asked if the monarch can retain her popularity in the UK despite no longer being able to be in the public eye as much as she used to be due to her age and reported mobility issues, the expert told Express.co.uk: "Yes, because I think she is at a stage in her life when she is venerated because we are coming to the end of her reign. "Had it all happened say 50 years ago, supposing she had some illness that confined her to the palace, that would have been a problem in her middle age." Mr Lloyd, author of the newly-published biography The Queen: 70 Chapters In The Life of Elizabeth II, which unearths fascinating details about Her Majesty's life and reign, said the late Duke of Edinburgh predicted the public's interest in his wife and her work would spike in her late years. He said: "I remember Prince Philip saying in the late 1950s, when the Queen was in her mid-40s and he was about 50, 'we are entering the least interesting phase of the reign', because in middle age the glamour of youth start to disappear. "And there was very little interest in the Queen and the monarchy in the 1960s and early 1970s because of that. "Charles and Anne were not really the glamorous figures Philip and the Queen had been. "Philip also predicted that, in her old age, the Queen would be venerated in the way Queen Victoria was. "Republicanism was really really high in the 1860s, when Queen Victoria withdrew from the public eye after the death of Prince Albert. READ MORE: Queen interrupted while singing by Prince Edward's ex-girlfriend "She was no longer seen in public and refused to come out of the palaces as she was in mourning - the monarchy's popularity was at an all-time low. "However, in her old age and by the time she was still venerated. "Queen Elizabeth is the only monarch many people have ever known and a big part of everybody's life and I think she is venerated by many." Mr Lloyd also noted the Queen is not spending the last years of her reign in a reclusive state the same way her great-great-grandmother Victoria did.  While in recent months she hasn't been carrying out as many royal duties outside palace walls as she used to, she continues to hold audiences in person and via video link. He said: "In a sense, thanks to technological advances, she is seen but in a different way, through video conferences and footage. "Through these means, we have actually seen as she talks to her guests when the Palace shares footage of her audiences, she is still very active and with a keen sense of humour. "We can actually see how she works." Moreover, the expert added, Buckingham Palace has shown some events can be adapted to allow the Queen to still carry out engagements. In March, the monarch hosted in the White Drawing Room at Windsor Castle staff at Halcyon Days, who brought her a selection of their hand-decorated enamelware and fine bone china for her to view in lieu of a visit to their Manchester factory. The Queen's working schedule was dramatically reduced in late October, after she cancelled her trip to Northern Ireland to rest for a few days following the advice of her doctors. It was later revealed the monarch had been taken to hospital to carry out "preliminary tests". While the monarch isn't believed to be suffering from any specific ailment and has fully recovered from Covid in February, she is said to be experiencing mobility issues. Since last October, the Queen has only attended outside of her residence the service of thanksgiving for the Duke of Edinburgh in March. The Queen is hoped to be able to take part in a few events planned next month for her Platinum Jubilee and it has been reported aides are devising plans to make her attendance easier and more comfortable. Ian Lloyd's 'The Queen: 70 Chapters In The Life of Elizabeth II', published by The History Press, is available now.