Arsenal are keen to bolster their ranks over the summer. Under Mikel Arteta, the club have focused on buying for the future and acquiring young talents, but they may struggle to sign their next target – Danilo. The Gunners are making use of their strong links in Brazil, via technical director Edu. They signed Gabriel Martinelli previously, who is slowly becoming a star in North London, and are reportedly set to announce the arrival of Sao Paulo star Marquinhos. Palmeiras’ Danilo is also another of Arsenal’s targets, with the 21-year-old becoming a sought after star over the past 12 months. But the Brazilian side’s president, Leila Pereira, has revealed that his side will not be selling the midfielder this summer despite reports. He told ESPN Brasil: “Palmeiras are working. Our squad is very short, we need reinforcements. We need to buy players, not sell players. Palmeiras needs to buy players like Merentiel. And, in the mid-year window, Danilo stays. You can nail it.” READ MORE: Arsenal to complete first summer signing with Marquinhos set for medical in London Danilo has impressed in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie A, showing maturity beyond his years and looking ready to step up into one of the top European leagues. And the youngsters added fuel to the fire by revealing that he is already learning English in preparation for the summer. He told UOL: “They told me: ‘You’ll have a good season and, when the time comes, you’ll leave. How are you going to talk, are you going to communicate with the coach? How is he going to talk to you, how will you understand?’ And I thought and said: ‘Wow, that’s right’. Then I started studying it.” DON'T MISSArsenal to complete first summer signing with Marquinhos set for medical in LondonMan Utd 'have three signings on table' as Erik ten Hag transfer budget revealedGabriel Jesus 'decides stance' on Arsenal transfer without Champions League football Danilo has aspirations of playing in Europe one day, though is in no rush to leave Palmeiras and pursue a move. He continued: “Before going to Europe, you have to play your game, you have to play well for the current team. I think that if I keep working well in my team, I think I’ll end up having more chances to fulfil my dream in Europe. Last year, everyone thought about it, but I ended up not leaving, and I’m still in my right mind, working well. And if it’s this season, let it be good for everyone. And if it’s not, I’m still happy and it doesn’t matter.” Palmeiras reportedly want an offer of over £20m for Danilo, though whether the Gunners are willing to pay that amount – or more – remains to be seen. Arteta is also keen to sign a marquee striker this summer, with Benfica star Darwin Nunez and Everton’s Dominic Calvert-Lewin linked.