Arsenal striker Eddie Nketiah appeared 'too embarrassed' to celebrate his first goal against Leeds after capitalising on Illan Meslier's horrendous error. In-form Nketiah gave the Gunners the lead after stealing possession from the young Frenchman. Sky Sports commentator Rob Hawthorne believed the 22-year-old appeared sheepish in his celebration. Nketiah jogged towards the corner flag and held his hands in the air - although the lack of a reaction might have been because it was against his old team. "He is almost too embarrassed to celebrate - or maybe it is because it is against his former club,” Hawthorne said as the Arsenal team joined Nketiah to congratulate him on his goal. In the fifth minute, Meslier received a back-pass from Luke Ayling and appeared in control of the situation. But he was quickly closed down by Nketiah and his touch was poor. It allowed the former Chelsea prospect to slide in and score the first goal of the game at the Emirates Stadium. A lack of a celebration suggested he did not want to rub Meslier’s mistake in the 22-year-old’s face. JUST IN: Rangnick picked future Man Utd captain but Brighton show he's wrong Nkietah spent half the 2019-20 season on loan at Leeds, though, which could explain his unwillingness to over-celebrate. He made 17 appearances during the Whites’ Championship promotion season but his time on the pitch amounted to just 495 minutes. The forward - who is yet to extend his contract beyond the summer - then scored again soon after. He swept a left-wing cross into the corner of Meslier’s net - with the goalkeeper having no chance of keeping out the effort. A much more passionate celebration reinforced the fact that Nketiah had downplayed his earlier reaction to protect Meslier. It extends Nketiah’s good form. Alexandre Lacazette’s poor performances have prompted Mikel Arteta to hand Nketiah a run in the team. He has started the last four Premier League fixtures. DON'T MISS...Ten Hag’s position on selling McTominay after Man Utd lose to BrightonGary Neville hits back at Carragher in row over Conte and Man UtdAndy Gray drops a clanger when talking about Man Utd's Brighton loss A brace in the 4-2 win over Chelsea in April was particularly important, giving Arsenal a boost in their hopes of finishing in the top four. Sky Sports pundit Jamie Redknapp believes he offers the North Londoners a different skillset to Lacazette. “We said last week (after Arsenal beat West Ham), he gives you an outlet and different dimension,” Redknapp said. “When you get the ball into feet from someone like Lacazaette, that’s fine. “When you’re playing in certain games, you have to stretch teams and be difficult to beat. He’s been given an opportunity with Lacazette not scoring and he’s certainly made a difference. I’ve been very impressed with him. Scoring goals and giving that real belief and confidence.” Nketiah’s contract expires in the summer and he is understood to want more game time. Crystal Palace and Brighton are two of the clubs who have been linked with the starlet.