Sally has played Faith on Emmerdale for the best part of five years, having taken on the role from former soap star Gillian Jephcott who portrayed the Dingle matriarch from 2000 to 2004. The actress has become one of the most beloved stars of the ITV soap, despite her alter-ego getting into all manner of trouble with different family members and a whole array of men. The soap star likes to keep her love life private but Express.co.uk has everything you need to know about whether she is in a relationship and whether she is married. No, Sally is not married and it is not known if she was ever married in the past as she doesn't like to talk about her personal life in the media. However, is it known the soap star has a long-term partner and they have been living together in London for some years now. It is thought the pair got together before Sally first started working on the set of Emmerdale as this is the only piece of information the media knows about her relationship. Their identity has never been disclosed and there are no pictures of the couple or the actress's partner on social media. Although the pair don't have any children, they reportedly share custody of a Cockapoo named Button, who the actress absolutely adores. READ MORE: Tipping Point's Ben Shephard blasts Boris in coin machine comparison Talking about Button, Sally mentioned her partner in an interview with ITV's Lorraine in which she said: "We've just gone to mush. "It's fantastic, we have just gone completely puppy brained over here. It's extraordinary," the soap star shared with her interviewer. Although Sally remains tight-lipped about her love life, Faith's romantic endeavours are never locked away in the box. One of her most notorious relationships was with Shadrach Dingle (Andy Devine), who was the father of Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter). He also acted as Cain Dingle's father figure before it was revealed his wife had an affair with his brother, Zach Dingle (Steve Halliwell), whilst they were still married.   This has led to Faith struggling to build a relationship with her son, who also blames her for letting Shadrach inflict abuse on him as a child. In a flashback episode, viewers discovered what it was like for Faith to be married to an alcoholic and how she was abused by her husband. For this instalment of the soap, the character was portrayed by Fleur Keith, who played a younger version of Sally Dexter's character. As well as her toxic relationship with Shadrach, viewers have seen the mother of two also have romances with the likes of Eric Pollard (Chris Chittell). Most recently, she had a rendezvous with Dan Spencer (Liam Fox) in a shed at the allotments as she started acting out after discovering she had secondary breast cancer. DON'T MISS...Sally Dexter: Star on family's history of heart problems [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock 'shocked' over 'sheer weight' of stroke plot [COMMENT]Emmerdale star says pet dog 'saved her life' amid cancer diagnosis [COMMENT] It is likely Faith will put her romances with men to the side in the coming months as she tries to rebuild her relationships with her children. This has become of the utmost importance to her as she wants them to know how much she loves them as she believes she is going to die. Moira Barton (Natalie J Robb) is the only person who knows her mother-in-law is gravely ill and she has been trying to convince her to tell her children before it's too late. At the moment, it is not yet known if Faith is going to die or if this also means Sally is going to be leaving the show. The actress has spoken out on her character's latest storyline and what this means for her future on the weeknight serial drama. Sally said: "It's upsetting, but really important as a storyline because it's more than a storyline for so many people. "It matters to people who are going through it as well as people who will go through it. I feel a sense of real responsibility, but also a privilege to be doing this storyline." Producer Laura Shaw added: "Faith's devastating cancer diagnosis will impact not only her life but all those around her. "We know at the very core of the Dingles is a strong sense of family and love, so for them to try and navigate through this heartbreaking time will be incredibly difficult. "Faith's zest for life with her spicy sense of humour and appetite for fun and adventure means that while there will inevitably be some painful and heart-wrenching moments, we will also see life-affirming and positive moments of light in the story too." "Given the calibre of actor Sally is, I know she will approach the story with great honesty and depth and do it justice," she continued. "And this in turn will raise awareness of such an important issue that affects many people on a daily basis," the producer explained. Sally has left the show before as Faith made an exit following the discovery Nate Robinson (Jurell Carter) was her grandson. The actress returned to the show last year but it was not known at the time she was going to receive a heartbreaking diagnosis. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.