Liverpool's poor start against Aston Villa was made that even worse when Fabinho was forced off with a worrying injury. Jurgen Klopp had made several changes from the team who drew 1-1 with Tottenham at the weekend.  Perhaps with one eye on the FA Cup final this weekend, Thiago and Mohamed Salah were among the key changes made. Fabinho was the only midfielder to keep his place with Naby Keita and Curtis Jones coming in alongside him. But the usually reliant Fabinho was far from his best in the opening exchanges, guilty of sloppy passes and gifting Villa possession. And the Brazilian's evening was ended early midway through the second half with Klopp only able to laugh on the sideline. Fabinho's loose touch was pounced on by Philippe Coutinho and the Liverpool star began running back to try and atone for his error. After Liverpool rallied to clear the ball, Fabinho appeared to be in some discomfort as he sat on the ground calling for medical attention. It didn't look promising for the midfielder and replays showed the extent of the injury. While Fabinho was chasing down Coutinho, he was seen clutching at his left hamstring before slowing to a halt. If Fabinho has done some damage to his hamstring, that could well jeoparise his chances of playing against Chelsea in the FA Cup final this weekend. And there will be even more fears of Fabinho missing the next few weeks, putting in doubt his chances of playing in the Champions League final at the end of the month.  Liverpool entered the game against Villa knowing they needed all three points to keep the pressure on Manchester City. Their draw against Tottenham at the weekend saw City move one step closer to a fourth title in five years. And Liverpool got off to the worst possible start against Gerrard's side with Douglas Luiz taking advantage of some sloppy defending with a close-range finish. It wasn't long until Liverpool atoned for that error with Joel Matip grabbing an equaliser. But Villa continued to stretch Liverpool's shaky defence with Alisson also below his usual high standards.  