Sophie Turner, 26, has candidly told how she would have "felt lost" following the end of hit series Game of Thrones if it wasn't for her husband Joe Jonas. In a new interview, the actress, who played Sansa Stark on the show, opened up about her marriage to the singer, 32, after the HBO programme ended in 2019. Now, looking back on her relationship with the Camp Rock star, Sophie has reflected on how the timeline of their romance fit into her life as an actress. She explained that wrapping up Game Of Thrones would have left her feeling “lost” if it was not for her partner. Sophie said: “I’m quite glad I had that next thing to move on to. “If I hadn’t found Joe, I think I would have felt quite lost after Game of Thrones.” The X-Men actress continued: “And I did feel quite lost after it finished. “But it forced me into this new chapter, which was really exciting and something for me to focus on.” “It was the perfect thing to move on to," she told ELLE UK. Sophie got engaged to Jonas Brothers star Joe Jonas in 2017 after meeting in 2016. The couple finally tied the knot in May 2019 just days before the final episode of Game Of Thrones - which saw her rise to worldwide fame - aired. Joe and Sophie went on to welcome their first daughter, Willa, into the world and are expecting their second child together. Sophie previously opened up on her engagement as she spoke to Marie Claire for the 2018 Fresh Faces issue. She compared working on her blossoming career to meeting Joe, explaining that there is a “sense of peace” in the latter. DON'T MISS...Sharon Osbourne, 69, sparks concern with frail bed-ridden photo [LATEST]Nicole Kidman, 54, looks almost unrecognisable in make-up free photo [PICTURES]Johnny and Amber pictured on the night she claimed he broke her nose [INSIGHT] Sophie said: “There's this weird misconception that being married is the greatest thing that'll ever happen to you. “But I've always found that my career is something I work for, and when I achieve something, there's a sense that this is the greatest thing I'll do in my life." She added: “It's lovely to be engaged. Not like I achieved anything, but I found my person, like I'd find a house that I love and want to stay in forever. “There's a sense of peace that comes with finding your person. “But there's a drive that comes with your career." Sophie and Joe spontaneously tied the knot in Las Vegas after the Billboard Awards, with a guest list including Priyanka Chopra, Ashley Graham and Sophie’s Maid Of Honour Maisie Williams.. A video shared on Dj Diplo’s Instagram page saw Sophie walking up the aisle in a wedding dress while wearing a veil, as Joe waited for his bride. The June issue of ELLE UK is on sale from 04 May.