Footage shows Russian soldiers firing thermite-based munitions over the Azovstal steel plant in the southern port city of Mariupol in Ukraine. The highly incendiary missiles are seen raining down on the plant, where hundreds of Ukrainian soldiers are hiding underground. While the use of air-dropped thermite-based missiles has been banned by the United Nations, Russia has explored a loophole which permits their use - if fired from the ground.    Described by one social media user as “raining death”, the thermite-based bombs can cause excruciating burns, sometimes to the bone, ... respiratory damage, infection, shock, and organ failure", according to the Human Rights Watch group. The footage uncovers the considerable lengths Russian forces have gone to destroy the Azovstal plant in Mariupol and unearth the several hundred sheltering fighters, believed to be part of the Azov battalion. The video was originally published by the pro-Russian separatist Alexander Khodakovsky, a commander of the self-proclaimed republic of Donetsk, on Telegram. Khodakovsky, in a message alongside the video, said: "If you didn't know what it is and for what purpose - you could say that it's even beautiful.”    The Ukrainian military said there was no let-up on Sunday in Russia's bombardment of the steel works in the southern port. Plumes of smoke billow from the steel plant in the video as the burning bombs destroy the area. It then shows Russian soldiers firing the munitions, packed into a 9M22S rocket launched from BM-21 Grad truck-mounted rocket launcher systems. Ukraine claimed that all civilians were evacuated from the plant last week before Russia’s Victory Day celebrations on May 9. READ MORE: China says 'only matter of time" before Putin defeated in Ukraine [REPORT]   Russia has a history of using thermite-based and phosphorus munitions; they were used in Syria and there are several unverified recordings of Russian attacks in Ukraine since they invaded on February 24. A US veteran fighting in Ukraine claimed Russia fired white phosphorous missiles near civilians earlier this month in the small city of Mariinka in eastern Ukraine. The act of using white phosphorus or thermite-based munitions against civilians is considered illegal by the UN. James Vasquez, a former US Army staff sergeant, said on social media: "I have no idea where it landed exactly but I know it was in the direction of civilians and not us.” DON'T MISS: 'F*ked up!' Russian marine loses it with commander during drone attack [REPORT]Russian troops retreat back to just nine miles from border [REVEAL] Bill Browder urges Western Nations to do more to impact Putin [REPORT]  Thermite-based munitions were designed by the Russians in 1971 during the Cold War. They were developed to ignite fires in areas such as fuel depots, ammunition storage sites and steel plants, such as in Mariupol. It was also intended to be used against enemy troops concentrations, and its ability to burn through metal makes it a potent tool to reach the sheltering Ukrainian troops. Human Rights Watch, alongside other campaigners, have been attempting to outlaw the use of these weapons outright but Russia has opposed these moves.   