Kelly Lunney, 37, for Burnley, Lancashire, said she thought she was “seeing things” when she spotted the vibrantly coloured bird. She was visiting her mum’s flat on Thursday last week when she spotted the neon bird in the communal garden. At first, she thought it must be dyed. Usually these birds have a peachy-coloured breast and feathers, a rust-coloured tail, and a dark pink beak. There are only 500 of them left in the world. The stunning bird casually dropped into Ms Lunney’s mum’s garden on May 5. Ms Lunney was left in a state of bewilderment, before getting her mother to check the colourful bird was real. That was when she started to capture footage of the amazing bird in flight. Ms Lunney said: "I thought I was seeing things at first - or it was just something weird. "But then, I got my mum up off her bed as well, just to make sure. "It's shocking more than anything to see a pink pigeon, but it's something that you can tell your grandchildren." She added the bird stayed around for a couple of hours after first noticing it. She continued: "I then later saw it come back around seven or eight o'clock in the night. And it's been back every day since that time when it first came." "As soon as my mum had looked at it as well, I got a couple of pictures of it, and I thought I'd Google it, because I'd never seen one before. "My mum had also never seen one during the whole time she'd been alive." Some have doubted the authenticity of the bird, claiming it simply fell in a vat of neon paint - but Ms Lunney remains certain. She said: "A few people have asked me if it's been dipped in paint, but it's got pink feet - and normally, they're like a white, grey colour. "And when it picks up its wings, it's got white lines underneath it, and it looks identical on both sides when it's flying. "Other people in the communal garden have seen it - and there's a man down the bottom who actually feeds them, so I'm sure he would have seen it, too. READ MORE: ‘Inexpensive’ plants to inject colour into the garden this spring [REVEAL] "I think everyone's been really shocked by it." Similar bird sightings are rare. One was spotted in 2012 in London, and another in Bristol in 2015. Whether it is truly them who are spotted remains disputed, however, with many claiming they were dyed or became so brightly coloured after eating chemical substances. In 2015, a pigeon fancier, Sher Singh, 39, from Bristol, came forward to admit that he had coated several birds in fabric dye to disguise them from predatory falcons.