The A1(M) northbound in County Durham was closed between Junction 61, the A688 Tursdale Road for Bowburn and Junction J62, the A690 road at Carrville, according to live traffic and travel database Inrix. National Highways reported at 2.08am that police were at the scene.   Just before 2pm Durham Constabulary confirmed that a woman is in a critical condition in hospital following the two-vehicle collision on the A1(M). The force said emergency services were called to the incident involving a white VW Golf and a grey Ford Kuga shortly after 1.15am on Sunday, May 22, on the northbound carriageway, close to J62 Carrville. Durham's statement added: "A woman who was a passenger in the Ford Kuga sustained serious injuries. The three other occupants of the vehicle suffered minor injuries. No-one else was injured. "A man in his 20s has been arrested in connection with the incident and remains in police custody. The road was closed for several hours to allow collision investigators to work at the scene and for the barrier to be repaired." Witnesses should call Durham Constabulary on 101, quoting incident reference 37 of May 22. Initially, there were no details about the number of vehicles involved or if there were any injuries caused by the incident. Durham police had confirmed the closure would ongoing for some time. The force tweeted: "As stated, this closure will be ongoing for some time yet." National Highways said details from the scene indicate the closure would remain in place until the early afternoon or later.   It warned that delays are likely on the approach to the closure with additional journey times expected on diversion routes. Motorists were advised to exit the A1M at J61, take the first exit on to the A688 and travel on this road until the roundabout with the A167 (Thinford Roundabout). They were then asked to take the fourth exit on to the A167 northbound, to stay on this road passing through Durham City and Chester-le-Street to the roundabout with the A1M J63. National Highways then recommended taking the second exit to rejoin the A1M northbound.  READ MORE ABOUT THE QUEEN STARTING 'TO GET FED UP' WITH ROYAL VISITS    Pictures from the scene appear to show two smashed vehicles with debris in the road and officers examining the boot of one of the cars. Durham Constabulary said at about 10am that the A1(M) was closed between J61 and J62 northbound, but officers have concluded their work at the scene. The carriageway was then being cleared and repaired by Highways Northeast, according to the force. Officers recommended following the transport agency's Twitter feed for updates on when the road will reopen.  DON'T MISS: Fury over plans to make former RAF base in tiny village asylum centre [LATEST] Warning as UK facing a ‘significant rise’ in Monkeypox cases [REPORT] ‘Big bully’ Nancy Pelosi blasted for blocking UK/US deal [REVEALED] Twitter user Joanne Jones tweeted in response to news of the crash: "That stretch of road has seen so many accidents and deaths lately it’s so sad. Hope whoever is involved is ok." Fellow Twitter user Karen Scullion commented: "My prayers are offered for all involved." Meanwhile, a collision on the M5 in Worcestershire closed one lane on Sunday, May 22. One of four southbound lanes was closed between J4 A38 Halesowen Road (Bromsgrove/Stourbridge) and J5 A38 (Droitwich/Wychbold).  