WTA world No 3 Paula Badosa has admitted that comparisons to Rafael Nadal have done herself and her fellow Spanish players “a lot of damage” The 24-year-old was ranked down at world No 65 when she made the semi-finals of last year’s Madrid Open as a wildcard, backing it up with her first Major quarter-final at the French Open. But she has detailed living in Nadal’s shadow and shut down comparisons between the 21-time Grand Slam champion and 19-year-old Carlos Alcaraz. Badosa heads into this year’s French Open as one of the favourites, sitting at No 3 in the world with a WTA 1000 title from last year’s postponed Indian Wells already under her belt. But it was a very different story for the Spaniard when she made the last-eight in Paris 12 months ago after what was a breakout clay swing, and the three-time title winner has admitted that Nadal’s success overshadowed those achievements as well as those of her fellow Spaniards. “Comparisons with him have done a lot of damage and taking the legacy has to be forgotten, it’s impossible. We are talking about the best athlete in history, not only in Spain,” she told Eurosport. “Someone like that only happens once every thousand years, we have to stay with the fact that we have been lucky but repeating Rafa’s is impossible, although I hope I’m wrong.” The comparisons have been at an all-time high with the rise of Carlos Alcaraz, who has almost mirrored some of a then-18-year-old Nadal’s achievements this year, even winning the Barcelona Open and cracking the top 10 on the same day Nadal did, 17 years later. Touching on the comments made about the 19-year-old, Badosa said: “He is going to be a great athlete, a new figure in our country. It is Carlos Alcaraz and it is only going to be him, let's not try to look similar to what we have with Rafa. JUST IN: Djokovic reveals inspiration as son fires tennis career off with win   “I hope he does the same or better, it would be a joy for Spanish sport, but it would be nice if we left him like Carlitos.” The world No 3 also thought Spaniard had been “spoiled” by the achievements of the 21-time Major champion, making her own feats last season appear less impressive. "It is difficult to come after him because everything that is done seems to be little. Doing a few quarters in a Grand Slam or winning Indian Wells is little in the country we are in, it has spoiled us. The positive thing is that it has served as inspiration, when I'm in a bad moment I always think about what he would do. But at a professional level it's not good to spend all day comparing ourselves with him,” she explained. DON'T MISSNadal compared to a horse as French Open injury fears shut downDjokovic 'wants revenge' as Wilander discusses French Open hopesUkrainian star demands Russian tennis players answer three questions   “They are very good sporting achievements and they do not finish being valued, more in the position that I am now. When you are No 70 and make fourth, it is a great tournament. If you are both, you have to be in the final.” Sharing how she blocked out the comparisons to the former world No 1, Badosa added: “We have had to live it like this, I am working on it and I try to go to sleep at the end of the day knowing that I have given 100%. I care about my opinion and that of my close circle.” 