A recent study by Confused.com analysed police data and burglary rates across the UK from 2017 to 2021 and revealed East Dunbartonshire, in Scotland, is the safest UK region to live in. In East Dunbartonshire, located near Glasglow, only 0.44 burglaries per 1,000 people were registered last year. The rate of burglaries in the region has dropped by 26.94 percent each year, on average, since 2017. East Dunbartonshire is a beautiful area with many charming towns and villages. Reviewing the region on Tripadvisor, user 'Lisc33' recommended visiting Mugdock Park, Lennox Castle and St Mary's Church. READ MORE: Lawn tips: How to to ‘thicken’ lawns and ‘crowd out weeds’  She explained: "Heard loads about Mugdock Park and we finally decided to make the journey to see what the hype was all about and we are so glad we did. "The scenery is beautiful and everyone is so friendly along the way. After our walk we made a pit stop for lunch at the garden centre to finish off our family day! Definitely worth a visit." Property owners in Scotland are least likely to experience a burglary as East Dunbartonshire is followed by four more Scottish regions: Highland, Aberdeenshire, Stirling and Argyll and Bute. In England, the South–West is the safest area according to the study.  South Devon and Dartmoor residents have the safest homes in England with 0.60 burglaries per 1,000 people. The second safest region in England is East and Mid Devon. North Devon is the third safest region in England, and Cornwall is fourth with just 0.79 burglaries per 1,000 people in 2021. In Wales, Powys and Pembrokeshire have the lowest burglary rates, with 1.59 burglaries per 1,000 people. Residents of Mid Ulster live in Northern Ireland’s safest region with only 0.93 burglaries per 1,000 people registered last year. East Dunbartonshire Highland Aberdeenshire Stirling Argyll & Bute South Devon and Dartmoor East and Mid Devon Falkirk Moray North Devon Cornwall West Lothian Home insurance expert at Confused.com, Jessica Willock, commented on the results and issued a warning to homeowners across the country. She said: “Although burglary rates seem to be dropping year on year, it’s still as important to make sure your home is safe. "Security cameras and burglary alarms aren’t only a great deterrent from potential thieves but having them could reduce your home insurance prices. “Our guide to protecting your home from burglars outlines some of the most effective ways of keeping your house safe. This includes some simple changes, such as investing in smart home security. Nowadays, technology has advanced to give us cheap, easy to install smart home devices such as doorbells and automated lights. These let you know who’s outside without you needing to go near the door.”