Speaking at the European Parliament, Macron’s suggestion was light on detail. The French leader did however claim the “legitimate aspiration” of the people of “Ukraine, through its combat and its courage, is already today a member of the heart of our Europe, of our family, of our Union.” Admitting Ukraine to the EU has long enjoyed greater support in central and eastern Europe than in western Europe, owing not just to perceived rule of law and democratic shortcomings, but possibly to Ukraine’s conservative and religious culture, more aligned as it is with the eastern half of the EU than with the secular and progressive west. Macron seemed to hammer this point home, stating: “Even if tomorrow we granted them [Ukraine] the status of candidate for membership of our European Union … we all know perfectly well that the process allowing them to join would take several years — in truth, probably several decades.” Kyiv will understand this was a gentle but nonetheless crystal-clear let-down. Macron’s proposal was problematic however for several reasons. Firstly, for Britain. The UK did not leave the EU to come back in via the back door. While in principle a loose trading arrangement could be acceptable for London, there will be too much suspicion that Macron’s real intention is to undo Brexit. Secondly, for central and eastern Europe. Not only did Macron’s comments confirm fears about Brussels’ reluctance over Ukraine but could well open the door to first - and second - tier EU membership, a concern across central and eastern Europe that they are and will be treated as second class Europeans. Thirdly, while Macron argued that a “new European organisation would allow democratic European nations adhering to our set of values to find a new space for political cooperation,” his proposal wrongly assumed there is in fact a common set of European values to begin with. In reality, the EU is very much now divided between a progressive west and traditionalist east. This is at the heart of ongoing battles between Brussels on the one hand, and Hungary and Poland on the other. If anything, the EU would perhaps be better to consensually divide than to federalise and enlarge. Finally, and perhaps most importantly, the elephant in the room was the question of Russia itself.  Macron knows that Russia will outlive its current government. Opening the door to a future democratic Russian state would not only eliminate a longstanding security threat to Europe but represent a bold move to win hearts and minds among the Russian people. Ultimately, it could be for central and eastern Europe to lead on this. Hungary and Poland are very much caught between western Europe and Russia, however much the war in Ukraine has thrown the Continent into a tailspin. Warsaw may have rock-bottom relations with Moscow, but it still remains culturally and politically at odds with Brussels, a situation unlikely to change. A path then might be created for a post-Putin Russia, reconciled with Europe and in particular with the mostly Slavic eastern half of the EU. In the meantime, the EU must navigate the ideological schism which is tearing the bloc apart, something Macron’s speech appeared to ignore entirely. There may well be a need for a new European settlement, but this was not it. 