Damon Hill has provided a possible answer to Lewis Hamilton’s race row that could solve the dispute between the seven-time world champion and the FIA. Hamilton had received a two-race grace period to remove his jewellery, but that is due to end at the Monaco Grand Prix. The Englishman may be forced to remove his necklaces, rings and earrings to race after the FIA launched a crackdown on jewellery behind the wheel this season. Hamilton must comply with the rules this weekend or could face penalties such as a fine. However, former world champion Hill has offered a solution that would absolve the FIA of liability and allow drivers to continue wearing their jewellery. He told Sky Sports News: “I understand the FIA’s position, but if they got them to sign a release. Every time we got in a racing car we signed releases, the team were absolved, the tyre company was absolved, the engine company was absolved of any responsibility. “All they have to do is come up with a contract that says you accept the risk, you sign a document and you say ‘I accept that it is my fault if anything goes wrong.’” Hill revealed he raced his entire career with jewellery on and explained what he would have done if he was in Hamilton’s situation. He said: “I raced with a gold chain and a St Christopher and there is nothing that would have persuaded me to take that off. They can try but honestly I am racing with my St Christopher. It becomes a point where it is a personal choice, I understand the argument around MRI scans and if doctors have to do work they don’t want to have to waste time in taking out piercings, but by the same token all these drivers are adults and surely they are able to assess the risks by now and make that choice for themselves.” Hamilton may be blocked from taking his Mercedes out on track at the Monaco Grand Prix today if the FIA stands their ground on his jewellery, and he has threatened to boycott races if the governing body upholds their crackdown. Sky Sports F1's Ted Kravitz explained: "It's a safety rule from the FIA and they say that drivers are not allowed to wear metal chains or metal piercings because if they have a serious accident and they need to be put in a MRI scan or somewhere where you can't have metal, it's a magnetic resonance imaging scan, you can't have something metal in your body.” Hamilton will be hoping to build on an encouraging race at the Spanish Grand Prix, where he claimed a fifth-place finish, in Monaco if he is allowed to race by the FIA.