Spreadsheet initially aired on the American streaming service Paramount+ in 2021 but now it's time for UK fans to enjoy the comedy. Starring actress Katherine Parkinson, the Channel 4 comedy follows a woman whose hectic lifestyle has led to her needing to take more control of her sexual encounters. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the cast of Spreadsheet. Leading the Channel 4 cast as Lauren, the divorced mother-of-two who creates the spreadsheet in question is actress Katherine Parkinson. She is probably best known for starring as Jen Barber in Channel 4's sitcom The IT Crowd. Parkinson has also been in Humans, Doc Martin, Defending the Guilty Hang Ups, The Kennedys and The Honourable Woman. She is currently starring in the sitcom Here We Go alongside Alison Steadman and Jim Howick. READ MORE: EastEnders theory: Beloved family torn apart in resident exit plot Lauren is keeping her new sexual activity log a secret from everyone, bar her best friend Alex. With his help, Lauren is able to set up the spreadsheet and get his opinion on some of her previous lovers. Australian actor Rowan Witt has been in Home and Away, Escape of the Artful Dodger, The 21 Conspiracy and Adore. He is well known for his work on stage, starring in productions of The Book of Mormon, Gloria, Into the Woods and South Pacific. Portraying Lauren's horrible ex-husband Jake is actor Robbie Magasiva. The Samoan-New Zealander actor is part of the Naked Samoans comedy troupe and has appeared in several films. He also portrayed Will Jackson in the hit women's prison drama Wentworth Prison for eight years. In addition to his acting career, Magasiva was the co-presenter of New Zealand's news show Tagata Pasifika with athlete Beatrice Faumuina. DON'T MISS...Jane McDonald shares glimpse into love life as she bids farewell [EXPLAINER]Real-life Derry Girl 'devastated' over Channel 4 comedy ending  [REACTION]Wilfrid Brambell: Comedy star died of cancer [HEALTH] Another key character in Spreadsheet is Helena, taken on by Australian actress Zahra Newman. She has been acting since 2010 with a handful of roles so far under her belt. Newman has been in a few episodes of Wentworth Prison, as well as Truth, Childhood's End, Sisters, Diary of an Uber Driver and Neighbours. Her latest work was in the Netflix thriller Pieces of Her as Detective Sgt. Wilson. Other cast members include: Lola - Maila Latukefu Abby - Harper Nichols Matt - Stephen Curry Roger - Richard Piper Spreadsheet premieres on Wednesday, May 18, at 10.05pm on Channel 4.