Erling Haaland has written a heartful message of goodbye to Borussia Dortmund supporters just days after it was announced that the Norwegian was joining Manchester City. The striker was applauded on numerous occasions by the Dortmund faithful on Saturday on the final day of the season. The forward has been linked with numerous clubs over the past 12 months once his £51million release clause that becomes active this summer was unveiled. Though Pep Guardiola’s patience in waiting for City to sign a striker has paid off as he will be managing one of the best in the business next season. Haaland has scored 85 goals in 88 appearances for Dortmund and had an emotional message for the supporters on Saturday. He wrote on Twitter: “It has been nothing but an honour to wear this shirt. “At Borussia Dortmund, I’ve spent memorable moments, met special people, not to mention a fanbase that has been always our extra man on the pitch. The Yellow Wall is truly incredible. I’ll never forget any of this! Thank you all!” The statement was also posted alongside a tear-jerking one-minute long video with highlights of Haaland’s career at Dortmund since joining the club in 2020. Snippets of him celebrating with teammates, such as Jadon Sancho, and scoring goals made up the majority of the video before it cut to a clip of Haaland talking. The striker said: “Dear BVB fans, I had unforgettable years with you in Dortmund, thank you for the great support. You will always have a place in my heart. All the best to you all.” DON'T MISSMan Utd 'working on second deal as well as De Jong' with Ten Hag reaching out [GOSSIP]Man Utd target De Jong 'ready to snub £75m transfer' despite Ten Hag lure [RUMOUR]Steve McClaren’s stance on Marcus Rashford after secret Man Utd meeting with Erik ten Hag [REPORT] The 21-year-old marked his farewell with a goal against Hertha Berlin, drilling a penalty into the back of the net in the 68th minute in Dortmund’s 2-1 victory. The goal was his 22nd of the season in what has been an incredibly memorable campaign for the former Salzburg star. But the farewells for Haaland began before the final game of the season even kicked off. The striker was applauded by a packed-out Signal Iduna Park by fans and players before being handed a bouquet of flowers and a poster that read ‘Danke Haaland’ (Thank you, Haaland). Fans were also given the opportunity to say goodbye to several other players, including Axel Witsel and Dan-Axel Zagadou, who are leaving the club this summer too.