Like Mary Poppins, over the bank holiday she'll descend and give us all a spoon full of sugar (if that's still allowed), restore a little order, and relieve us - if only momentarily - from a world of gloom. How simply supercalifragilisticexpialidocious! I am sure we will all be celebrating down our street, linked arm in arm, doing tug-of-war, running threelegged and sack races - but that's only if killjoy council officials don't interfere, demanding - as they have been in some areas - temporary licences, comprehensive insurance, counter-terrorism and severe weather management plans in order to hold any jubilee celebration party. These pettifogging busybodies really know how to suck the life out of even the most joyous occasions. We can't do anything without filling in a form, can't even do the hokey-cokey on the high street without health and safety zealots checking distance and speed. And the joy is hardly being helped by the RMT union members voting to go on strike this week. In fact, I told the RMT's General Secretary Mick Lynch that he'd read the mood of the country wrong. The Government gave the railways £16billion worth of additional support (taxpayers' money to you and me) during lockdown. When most of the population were on furlough getting 80 percent of their normal pay, and many self-employed people received no income at all, railway workers were on 100 percent pay (even though trains were empty for much of the time and there was little, if anything, to do). And yet they want to go on strike - largely to protect outdated working practices.  In fact it seems we're in a similar situation to the Queen's Silver Jubilee in 1977, with the return to industrial strife, soaring inflation and high oil prices. Then, those jubilee celebrations gave a much needed boost to our morale. As kids we ran races, dipped in pools and ate ice cream - 45 years on the Queen is again bringing a much-needed smile to our faces. Pass the bunting, long may she reign. ----------------------------------- Whatever happened to going down to the local RSPCA to find a dog? During lockdown the average price of pups soared to a record high of £2,300. I couldn't believe what people were paying for a family pup. So it's good to see prices are tailing off and have dropped on average 40 percent. Mind you, a labradoodle still costs more than £1,000. If I was charged that much I'd expect it to come with at least a year's worth of dog food! -----------------------------------   As the BBC goes on its journey from licence fee model to subscription fee model, the corporation is said to be open-minded about a two-tier licence fee/ subscription hybrid. So what would you call such a two-tier model...? A start.  ----------------------------------- I see that Marks & Spencer is closing some of its town centre stores and moving them to edge-of-town sites. One of the explanations being given is the cost of car parking and the lack of available spaces. Council leaders should be hanging their heads in shame that their anti-motorist policies are killing off the high street. ----------------------------------- The Depp/Heard trial has been a media sensation and stealing the show with her "objections" and tense exchanges with Ms Heard is lawyer for Johnny Depp, Camille Vasquez, who in 2021 was named as "one to watch" in Best Lawyer magazine. Everyone is certainly doing that now.