Paris Saint-Germain forward Kylian Mbappe is expected to decide his future soon, as French journalist Julien Laurens has claimed that the club do not believe that he will stay. After being linked with Real Madrid for several years, the young superstar looks set to leave PSG on a free transfer at the end of the season. Laurens told ESPN: “It is coming to an end now we will know very soon, he will reveal very soon his decision about his future. Already in Paris people at the club, they don’t believe he will stay, they believe he will leave and go to Real Madrid. “We know it has always been his dream to one day play at the Bernabeu and play in the famous white shirt, and it looks very much the way it is now. Certainly Paris don’t believe anymore that he can stay, that they can keep him. They have tried everything, big financial offers, all his image rights, the captain's armband, promising a big team for next season but it looks like it won’t be enough, they won’t be able to keep him for just a little bit more. “He has been there nearly five years, five great years where they won a lot of trophies, played in the final of the Champions League and lost to Bayern Munich, where he scored a lot of goals of course, but it looks like there won’t be a sixth year in Paris, certainly they don’t believe so. “There are still details to be sorted out between his lawyer and the Real Madrid supremos, Florentino Perez and his people, but sources have told ESPN that those details are not enough to prevent the deal from happening so in the next few days, that is the belief and feeling in Paris and PSG right now, that Kylian Mbappe will announce that he will go to Real Madrid next season.” Mbappe has scored 168 goals in 216 games since joining PSG from AS Monaco, and the 23-year-old has reportedly agreed personal terms with the Spanish giants. Jurgen Klopp admitted that Liverpool did hold an interest in Mbappe, but they are not willing to compete financially with the offers that the French forward has on the table. Klopp said: "Of course, we are interested in Kylian Mbappe; we are not blind! I have nothing to say about [the reported contact] between Kylian and Liverpool. “It's all set; it's all fine," Klopp explained. "We, of course, like him, and if you don't like him, then you have to question yourself. But no, we are not; we cannot be part of these battles. There must be other clubs involved, and that is fine. He is a great player."