With the weather heating up, many gardeners will be looking to get outside to give their plants some much-needed colour. May is the perfect month to start planting with frosts largely gone and the ground warm enough to plant tender bedding plants. This month is also a great time to add colour ready for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee at the beginning of June. To find out what Britons should be planting now, Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to Chris Bonnett, founder of Gardening Express. Chris said gardeners can start planting tender plants, tomatoes and summer bedding. “Now, hopefully frosts are finishing - although rural areas have still had the odd one over the last week or two - it’s time to get any tender plants outside. “Things like your tomato plants if you’re vegetable gardening, or your normal summer bedding can go out. “Plants like busy Lizzies and that sort of thing. READ MORE: How to get rid of pigeons in your garden - 5 easy ways “Now frosts should have finished in urban areas, you’ve probably been able to do it for a couple of weeks already. “Even the rural and more northern locations should be getting safer to get them out now. “I don’t think we will be getting any more frost, so get them out now.” Busy Lizzie, also known as impatiens walleriana, is a plant that’s native to Eastern Africa.  DON'T MISSOven cleaning: How to clean oven door glass under 5 minutes - ‘cheap’ [INSIGHT]Oven cleaning: ‘The right technique’ to clean oven door glass properly [UPDATE]Wallpaper: ‘Do’s and don’ts’ when DIYing to ‘do a room justice’ [ANALYSIS] The plant is tender and needs to be planted out in May to June. They will then flower from June through to September, providing plenty of colour in a garden right up until frosts begin. The plant products bright red, pink, orange and purple flowers as well as white and softer pastels. Tomato plants can be sown from February to April and planted from May to June. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea They can harvest from July through to October, depending on when they were sown. May is also an opportunity to sow particular seeds. Broad beans, climbing beans, runner beans, beetroot, broccoli, cabbage, carrot, kale, parsnip, sweetcorn, squash and pumpkin seeds can all be sown in May. There are also plenty of flowers to plant in May.  Cornflower seeds can be sown now to get blooms in the same year. Sunflower seeds can also be down directly outside now to get beautiful, bright yellow flowers later on. Verbena, which is known for its delicate scent, can also be sown directly into well-prepared, moist soil in full sun to partial shade. Nasturtiums, biennials for next year and fruit flowers can also be planted in May.