Red Bull team principal Christian Horner has warned Max Verstappen that he will be forced to work hard to clinch this year's Drivers' Championship title despite winning every race that he has completed in 2022 to date. Verstappen moved ahead of Charles Leclerc at the top of the individual standings by taking his latest victory at last weekend's Spanish Grand Prix after the Ferrari driver was cruelly forced to retire through no fault of his own with a power unit failure. The 24-year-old slipped behind Leclerc after the first three races of the campaign due to Red Bull's poor reliability but has since fought back to claim top spot and kickstart his bid to win back-to-back Drivers' Championship titles at the end of this year. Horner is not expecting it to be all plain sailing for Verstappen, though, in spite of his dominant on-track performances in recent weeks.When asked if Verstappen was 'unbeatable' given his 100 per cent record in every Grand Prix that he has managed to complete this year, Horner said: "No, not at all because the competitors are very strong."I think we’ve had our moments but every race we have won, bar this one, has been on the absolute limit. I think that Max is driving extremely well, Checo [Perez] is doing a great job but I expect it to be a very tight competition throughout the season." JUST IN: Mercedes told they need 'another' upgrade for Lewis Hamilton Verstappen was left frustrated by a problem relating to his DRS activator at the Spanish Grand Prix but eventually managed to claim his fourth victory of the year despite being held up by the Mercedes of George Russell for a number of laps. Red Bull ultimately chose to switch strategies to aid the defending champion's hopes of taking the chequered flag but needed to force Perez to allow his team-mate through in order to rubber-stamp the result at the Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya."I think that it needs further analysis," added Horner when quizzed on what had caused the problem that gave Verstappen plenty of extra work to do in Spain. "Of course, we’re chasing every ounce of performance. "When weight is a factor as well, maybe we’ve been too ambitious there, but I think we need to understand exactly what the issue is because we thought we had a fix but unfortunately it didn’t prove to be a reliable fix for the whole of the race."Meanwhile, it remains to be seen whether Verstappen will be able to maintain his formidable momentum when F1 returns to the streets of Monaco over the course of this weekend. The Red Bull man won last year's race in the principality and will be desperate to follow up with another maximum haul of points in order to extend his narrow advantage over home favourite Leclerc at the top of the Drivers' Championship standings. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE