Politics professor Matthew Goodwin said Mr Johnson's party must recapture non-London voters in England after the Tories lost hundreds of seats to Labour in the local elections - losing more than one quarter of all local council seats it was defending. Mr Goodwin said it would be "easy to conclude that Boris Johnson’s Conservative Party is on its way out" as it is "being chased out of the southern Blue Wall" while Labour has expanded its seats in London and Scotland. The politics expert said: "Had the 2022 local elections been held across the entire country then Labour would have a national equivalent vote of 35 percent compared with the Conservative’s 32 percent." MPs, including those in his own party, have been calling on the Prime Minister to resign after being embroiled in a number of scandals during his time in office. The politics academic listed "Partygate, Cummingsgate, Rishigate, scandals, inflation, and a rapidly escalating cost-of-living crisis" as some of the scandals the Tory party has been involved in.  Because of this, Mr Goodwin, believes the only way forward for him and his party is to change course quickly. Despite Labour's success in the local elections, he believes that they are still a long way from winning the next general election. He said: "And this is especially true when you look at Labour’s performance in one part of the country that will play a major role in determining the outcome of that election: England." He noted Labour had moved in the right direction in London, Scotland and Wales as they stacked up votes in areas where there was already a great deal of support for the party. But Mr Goodwin claimed that "it is an entirely different story" in non-London England which is where most votes for Brexit and Boris Johnson came from. READ MORE: Don't believe you! Boris still thinks EU will crumble on Brexit He said: "Labour only advanced modestly in southern England, while falling back by three-points in the north and failing to demonstrate serious progress elsewhere. "Of the four local councils Labour took from the Conservatives, three were in London and all were in the south. "Despite all the talk over the last two years about Labour ‘winning back the Red Wall’, Labour recorded net losses in the North and Midlands. "Remarkably, the Greens (+63) and Luftur Rahman’s Aspire Party (+23) gained more councillors in England than Labour (+22) — a damning indictment of a party that hopes to return to Number 10 less than two years from now". The politics professor believes Boris Johnson's Government will now do everything to mobilise non-London, pro-Brexit England, to help them remain in power. DON'T MISS: Comedy legend Jim Davidson talks about racism, sexism and politics [INSIGHT]Boris urged to launch search for ‘Brexiteer’ Chancellor over Rishi [ANALYSIS]Sturgeon's independence dream faltering as SNP fail to capitalise [COMMENT] This, he said, could be done by targetting the nearly three dozen seats in the Red Wall 2.0 to make up the heavy losses in the southeast. Mr Goodwin said: "There is no doubt this is incredibly high risk. "If levelling-up fails to deliver, if the Government fails to show it can control illegal immigration, if the cost of living escalates to such a point that the Conservatives are no longer considered more economically competent than Labour, and if Starmer wins his gamble over Beergate and proceeds to exploit the recession, inflation, rising unemployment, and a sharp economic downturn that looms on the horizon, then it is not hard to see how Johnson’s entire coalition could fall apart in one fell swoop. "But looking at these results and the direction of British politics, with less than two years to go until the next general election, both the Prime Minister and the people around him may well conclude that there is no alternative — that their path to retaining power no longer lies in being a one-nation party but rather a party for forgotten England." 