Antique expert Richard Price analysed the Rolex and gave the Antiques Roadshow guest a brief history of it before delving into the all-important valuation. The watch had been developed by an aeroplane company specifically to use for GMT (Greenwich Mean Time). Looking into the watch's characteristics, Richard told the owner on the hit BBC show that the watch was worth thousands, but could have been around the £20,000 mark if a significant adjustment hadn't been made.  "So, Rolex collectors obviously know what this is, and this is a Rolex Oyster GMT Master," the specialist explained. "And they refer to everything by the reference number, in this case, it is the reference 1675. "It's also here on the bill of sale which I see is from a Hong Kong retailer in the early part of 1971." Wondering how it came to be in the guest's possession, he asked: "Who bought it in 1971?" READ MORE: The Handmaid’s Tale season 5 theory: Serena Joy avenges Fred’s death "Basically, it was a gift for my dad and then about five years ago he passed it to me for inheritance," the owner of the watch replied. He went on to say: "He's still alive, but he just thought he'd give it to me to see what I want to do with it and it's been in the drawer ever since." Detailing the history, Richard unearthed some surprising facts. He commented: "The airline industry in the 40s and 50s were making much longer trips. "Pilots used to fly and work on GMT. You've probably heard of Pan Am, Pan American Airways. "They were in discussion with Rolex in the mid-50s to develop a watch with an extra hand that could be set to GMT. "And this thing was developed really specifically for Pan Am initially, in 1954." "Right, okay," remarked the guest, surprised by the Rolex's unique past. "By 1959 or around five years later, this reference, which is 1675, became the standard GMT master," Richard went on. DON'T MISS... Coronation Street theory: Audrey Roberts loses everything in scam [THEORY]ThisMorning guest breaks down over heartbreaking dognap [VIDEO]Amanda Abbington fights tears as she speaks on fiancé's stunt injury [LATEST] "And what is so lovely about this is you've got all the paperwork. "Things to point to - the bezel is original. Had it been changed, its value would have been reduced." It wasn't all good news though, and the expert described a flaw in the watch. "The bracelet is not original, this will be what you call a service replacement," he stated. "The only thing that spoils it. Otherwise, it's in lovely original condition." Moving onto the valuation, he added: "So, the bill of sale - 1,040 Hong Kong dollars. I reckon that probably would have been just under £200. "That £200 50 years ago has actually done quite well. If it had had the original bracelet, with the full set, we could have put two noughts on and made it £20,000." "Wow," the guest gasped, looking shocked but disappointed. "But it's not got the original bracelet," Richard repeated. "So I'm going to take it back to... in this condition, around £14,000." "What? no way!" the guest exclaimed as Richard replied: "Yeah, you happy?" Laughing, he responded: "Yeah, I didn't expect that at all!" Antiques Roadshow continues on Sunday at 8pm on BBC One.