Kirstie Allsopp took to Twitter and expressed her dismay at witnessing rubbish on the roads as she headed towards Heathrow's Terminal Five today. The Location, Location, Location presenter admitted she was left unimpressed before taking a cheeky dig at Piers Morgan. The 50-year-old explained she had stayed at an airport hotel overnight ahead of her flight. Taking to the micro-blogging site, the Channel 4 star vented her frustration, in view of her 427,000 followers. Kirstie penned: "Stayed at an airport hotel at Heathrow last night, currently on the Hoppa Bus to Term 5. "I’m not sure I’ve ever seen more litter on a journey, ashamed that this is the first/last impression many visitors will have of the UK." READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm star Amanda Owen says she's left 'stranded' This was not the presenter's only complaint as she explained she feared her bus would not reach the terminal. Instead, she joked about being forced to see Piers' advertisement for his new Uncensored show on TalkTV, which is plastered on buses and billboards. Kirstie commented: "In other news, I fear this Hoppa bus will never get to Terminal 5 and I will be forever circling the airport looking at the litter and ads that tell me 'Piers is back' this is my room 101." Room 101 is a reference to a torture chamber in the Ministry of Love in George Orwell's novel Nineteen Eighty-Four.  Kirstie and Piers have gone back and forth on social media in the past as the two broadcasters have previously clashed online. The property expert and the Uncensored host have locked horns several times over the past year over coronavirus issues. Last year, Kirstie took to Twitter to complain about being accused of leaving London for Devon while her husband had suspected coronavirus. She wrote: "The last 24 hours has been utterly horrible, full of vile, unpleasant and frankly frightening comments." DON'T MISS... Loose Women's Denise Welch says 'stop talking' about Harry and Meghan[LATEST]Gogglebox's Jenny Newby taken to hospital for operation[UPDATES]Brooklyn Beckham and wife Nicola put on a loved up display[PICTURES] Piers enraged Kirstie after he retweeted her post and said: "Kirstie, you’re rich, privileged & isolating in a lavish country home with your family. "Maybe stop making this crisis about your struggle with trolls & direct your energy into rallying support for NHS workers risking their lives for us all in very dangerous circumstances?" She fired back, saying: "You total B*****D there was NO need to Retweet that to your millions of followers, it was totally unnecessary and unkind thing to do." More recently, Piers issued a scathing post when he branded Kirstie "idiotic" after an inaccurate report made claims about Kirstie's thoughts on young people and home ownership back in February. However, Kirstie had refuted the comments quoted in the article published in The Sunday Times which has since been removed. Meanwhile, the on-screen presenter later shared an update ahead of her travels, as she urged the public to Keep Britain Tidy. She penned: "I slightly lose it when people say the answer to litter is to spend more money. "The answer to litter is to teach our kids to take it home, and pick it up when they see it @KeepBritainTidy."  