Airing on BBC One, the BAFTA TV Awards saw the popular, straight-faced comedian hosting the glamourous evening for the second year. As he welcomed "overly-filmed" stars, the 44-year-old assured the audience nobody would be made into a "punchline or a punchbag" after he referenced someone being "slapped". It comes after the 2022 Oscars saw actor Will Smith getting up from his chair and striking comedian Chris Rock after he made a joke at Jada Smith's expense. As he joked about the famous awards night, Richard commented: "In 1955, there were only six categories. "There was barely enough time to get up from your seat and slap someone before the whole ceremony would be over." As the audience laughed, he added: "But do not worry your overly-filmed heads, I'm not going to use your faces as punchlines, or punchbags, you've suffered enough. "And no one works harder than us, apart from people in other professions." READ MORE: Jennie Bond details why royals will NOT stand with Prince Andrew Will Smith - who won his first Oscar at the awards do - took offence after Chris made a jibe about Jada. During the Oscars in March, he walked up to the stage and hit a stunned Chris as global audiences watched on. After the altercation, he shouted: "Keep my wife’s name out of your f****** mouth." The clash left Oscars viewers stunned and was widely discussed in the weeks following. Ahead of the cheeky sneer, Richard made some self-deprecating comments and joked heavily about the attendees of the BAFTAs not being in touch with reality. "Good evening and in a way, welcome," he remarked as he opened the speech. "The first thing I want to say is, thank you for not judging me. "I, like many of you, need, or feel the need, for money - so here I am. DON'T MISS... Ruth Langsford talks landing role away from This Morning [VIDEO]EastEnders theory: Jean Slater becomes killer in hospital plot [THEORY]BGT judges sent into panic as risky ice act results in injury [LATEST] "It would help me if you could just imagine that I'm doing this well." He continued: "We here, and we are in some ways here, all want the same thing. "And I'm here to reassure you that yes, this will eventually end. "It won't feel like it will. I don't know who's won what, and it's not just because I don't care, it's also because no one here trusts me, and that sentence still applies if I remove the word 'here.' "This is the last time I'll be hosting these awards, unless, for some reason, they ask me back, in which case this will be the second to last time I host these awards. "In BAFTAs 75th year, the BBC's 100th, and my 23rd - thank you - I want to say well done to all of you for the things you do, or simply take credit for doing. "That's a job and regarding the things you don't do, also congratulations. "But perhaps not quite as many congratulations as are due to Sir David Attenborough, who's 96 today." The BAFTAs in available to watch on BBC iPlayer.