Daniil Medvedev has confirmed his return from hernia surgery, taking a wildcard into the ATP 250 in Geneva to be held the week before the French Open. The world No 2 has not played since Miami after undergoing a medical procedure for a small hernia but still had the chance to overtake Novak Djokovic as world No 1 without playing the clay season. With the 26-year-old set to be back in time for the French, it threatens the Serb’s top ranking even more. Medvedev has been given a wildcard into the Geneva Open, taking place on May 14. The clay-court tournament is one of the last held in the lead-up to the French Open, meaning the world No 2 will be back in time for the clay-court Major. Confirming the news, the tournament wrote: “The first of the three wild cards for the Gonet Geneva Open has been awarded to Daniil Medvedev. The world No. 2 will make his return to Geneva after undergoing surgery last month to treat a hernia.” The US Open champion announced early last month that he would be away from competition for one to two months after discovering he had been playing with a small hernia, opting to undergo a medical procedure to “fix the problem”. JUST IN: Murray withdraws from second tournament after Djokovic match cancelled  It left many believing he would be forced out of the entire clay season but even if Medvedev had been unable to play until the grass swing - where he and all other Russian players have been banned from competing in Wimbledon - he could have stolen the world No 1 spot from Djokovic, with the 34-year-old defending 500 points this week in Madrid from 2019, 600 in Rome and 2,000 at the French Open. The 20-time Major champion has already managed to hold onto his top ranking for another week by winning his opening match in Madrid, but will need to do more to stay on top of the pile in the week after the upcoming Masters - also the week Medvedev is now returning to competition. DON'T MISSRafael Nadal will face different Carlos Alcaraz beast one year onNadal says Real Madrid's stunning Man City comeback 'inspired' victoryAlexander Zverev fears running out of time in tennis career  Into the quarter-final in Madrid already, a semi-final in both Spain and Italy will guarantee Djokovic remains world No 1 when his rival returns on May 14. A final showing at one of the two Masters with a third-round at the other will also keep him at the top, but Medvedev can now build to his own points in Geneva and French Open. The 13-time title winner won just one match across Madrid and Rome last year, which means he is only losing 100 points across the two events. He can gain up to 250 in Geneva and, having lost in the quarter-finals of the French Open last year, will have 360 points to defend at the Grand Slam that he could build on by advancing further in 2022. 