Fans of cleaning sensation and social media influencer Mrs Hinch love sharing their own cleaning hacks online. One of the most common hacks that pops up repeatedly on social media is using The Pink Stuff paste and tinfoil to clean oven glass. The Pink Stuff paste is a cleaning product that’s used for cleaning dirt, grime and stains on saucepans, cookers, sinks, UPVC, ceramic tiles, glass, garden furniture and more. The paste was popularised by Mrs Hinch, also known as Sophie Hinchliffe, who often posts about the product on social media. The cleaning product doesn’t smell strongly like other cleaning products and is relatively affordable. A pot of the paste costs just £1 from Morrisons and Ocado. While trying out Mrs Hinch fans’ favourite oven glass cleaning hack, I thought it was only fair to test out a natural method alongside the cleaning product. Cleaning influencer Lynsey Crombie, who is known for sharing natural, affordable cleaning tips, has recommended using white vinegar and baking soda to clean ovens in the past. READ MORE: Oven cleaning: ‘The right technique’ to clean oven door glass properly Using baking soda and white vinegar is a natural solution that often doesn’t require people to even leave their homes. Luckily, I had both baking soda and white vinegar at the back of my cupboards, but for those who don’t, it’s definitely an affordable option. Clean+Natural Bicarb Of Soda costs £1 from Savers. ASDA Bicarbonate of Soda costs 55p from ASDA. Arm and Hammer Baking Soda is £1.35 from Amazon. DriPak Pure White Vinegar is £1.50 from Wilko. Stardrops White Vinegar Spray costs 89p from The Range.  DON'T MISSPaint expert: Three common decorating mistakes to avoid [INSIGHT]Grace Kelly's family home was 'inviting' like 'English pub' [UPDATE]Foxes ruining your garden? Gardening pros claim this free hack 'works' [ANALYSIS] The very first thing I did is put some old towels under my oven to protect my flooring. While this isn’t necessary, I would recommend doing this if your flooring is particularly prone to staining or if you live in a rental property. I started with the baking soda and white vinegar method as I knew this needed to be left on the oven glass for longer. My oven glass had brown stains on it as well as grease marks. Like many Britons, cleaning the oven is one of my least favourite tasks so I try to avoid doing it at all costs. My oven is a Bosch oven and the glass was not removed while I was testing this hack. I lightly wet half of the oven glass before sprinkling the baking soda across it. I gently rubbed this in to ensure all the glass was evenly spread with the baking soda. Next, I sprayed Stardrops white vinegar across the baking soda. A reaction between the two substances occurred instantly with the baking soda bubbling and hissing when mixed with the vinegar. I then left the solution on the oven glass for an hour. Half an hour into my waiting time, I applied The Pink Stuff paste directly onto the other half of the oven glass using scrunched up tinfoil. I rubbed the scrunched up tin foil with The Pink Stuff paste in light circular motions on the glass. Straight away, the dirt and grime from the oven glass started to show up on the foil.  I had to use three pieces of foil in total as it became too compacted and overloaded with product to use the same piece. Once applied, I left the paste on for around 15 minutes. I used a damp microfibre cloth to remove the products from the oven glass. I had the washing up bowl filled with warm water next to me so I could rinse the product off the cloth each time I wiped. When removing the cleaning products from the sink, it was clear one method had worked more effectively than the other. When removing The Pink Stuff paste, the oven glass appeared to be completely clean. However, when removing the baking soda solution, there were still brown smears and stains left on the glass, despite having left the solution on for an hour. I had to scrub the glass again with some warm soapy water to remove the excess grime. Overall, I would say The Pink Stuff paste tinfoil hack worked more effectively as it was easier to apply with quicker results. But, the baking soda hack is more natural and didn’t require me to go out and spend money on extra cleaning products.