The Flight Attendant has been airing on HBO in the US and the Kaley Cuoco series takes a dramatic turn after the explosive season one finale. Cassie Bowden (played by Kaley Cuoco) is faced with a new challenge as she works for the CIA as a valuable asset. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about how to watch the TV series in the UK. The second outing of The Flight Attendant made its debut back in April 2022 and the finale is due to air in the US on May 26. For fans in the UK, they have been waiting patiently and desperately trying to avoid spoilers ahead of the show's release. Thankfully, they will not have to wait much longer as the series will arrive on May 26, as the finale airs in the US. Viewers will be able to watch the episodes via Sky Max and the streaming service NOW. They will need to sign up for an Entertainment Membership through NOW, which is available at £9.99 per month. READ MORE: The Flight Attendant: Young Cassie star on playing child alcoholic The first episode of season two sees Cassie almost a year sober and she has started fresh in LA with her supportive new boyfriend, Marco (Santiago Cabrera). But her side job as a CIA asset soon finds Cassie caught up in an international murder mystery once again. This season she will be jetting off to Los Angeles, Berlin and Reykjavik. The new series features a number of newcomers including Mo McRae as Benjamin Berry, Callie Hernandez as Gabrielle Diaz and JJ Soria as Esteban Diaz. Guest stars joining the show include Alanna Ubach as Carol Atkinson, Cheryl Hines as Dot Karlson, Jessie Ennis as Jenny, Mae Martin as Grace St James, Margaret Cho as Utada and Shohreh Aghdashloo as Brenda. One huge name joining the season two cast is Sharon Stone, who plays Cassie’s estranged mother, Lisa Bowden. In the first season, Cassie evaluated her relationship with her alcoholic father. This time around, she will be trying to reconcile with her eccentric mother. DON'T MISS... The Flight Attendant’s young Cassie on antagonistic role in season 2 [INTERVIEW] Big Bang Theory's Kaley Cuoco recalls 'wild' slap by HBO co-star [INSIGHT] Big Bang Theory’s Leonard star pays tribute to Kaley Cuoco [DISCUSSION] Cuoco opened up about some of the scenes with her on-screen mother, including an explosive 'slap' scene, which was not actually a part of the script. Speaking to TV Line, she said: "That slap? Not written in the script…. That was a Sharon Stone Speciality! "Came outta nowhere, that was a true reaction. I was in shock, which is exactly what we used. “That was a wild experience, and it ended up being actually kinda perfect for the scene.” To celebrate the launch of season two of The Flight Attendant NOW is giving fans the unique opportunity to experience the luxuries of first-class travel. Inspired by the fictional airline Imperial Atlantic Airlines from the series, NOW is revealing an exclusive first-class lounge experience in The Cinema at Selfridges. The lounge will be open on May 25 and 26 ahead of the new season's release. Perks include luxury LA-inspired beauty and wellness treatments and canapes from crew members. Guests can relax in style in the lavish recliner cinema and watch the first two episodes of the new season. The Flight Attendant first-class lounge experience and screening will take place at The Cinema at Selfridges at 40 Duke Street, London. Sessions will be starting at 5pm and 7.30pm, visit firstclassloungeexperience.nowtv.com to enter.  The Flight Attendant season 2 is available on Sky Max and streaming service NOW from May 26 on the Entertainment Membership at £9.99 per month.