Lando Norris might be one of the most popular drivers on the F1 circuit - but fellow drivers have accusing him of 'lying' when it comes to his height. The charismatic 22-year-old is billed as a future star of the sport having signed a new long-term deal at McLaren, and is also considered one of the most engaging by journalists and fans. However, Norris is definitely not considered one of the tallest. And that notion turned into a topic of hot debate after the F1 YouTube account uploaded a comical video called 'Grill the Grid 2022: Driver Heights!'. During eight minutes of footage, the drivers are ranked on their height and Norris dubiously claimed to come in at 1.76 metres, the same as the likes of four-time champion Sebastian Vettel and Mick Schumacher. The first to cast serious doubt on this notion was fellow British driver Alex Albon, of Williams. "Lando? Lando? Has he had a growth spurt since I last saw him because that's not true," he joked. Albon then mischievously removed Norris' tab from the chart and stuck it right at the bottom. JUST IN: Red Bull promise Max Verstappen 'developments' in message to Ferrari and Charles Leclerc   He wasn't the only one with doubts. Current leader of the F1 standings, Ferrari driver Charles Leclerc, was equally sceptical. "Lando? No way, no way Lando is here," he scoffed, before questioning the suggestion that he and Schumacher were the same height. Nicholas Latifi was blunter still in his assessment, despite being told by the interviewer: "They tell me Lando is 1.76?" The Canadian responded with "I think that's a lie," although he was chuckling to himself as he made the statement. DON'T MISS:Mercedes have 'easy route' out of Lewis Hamilton issues as Toto Wolff outlines planLewis Hamilton warned he could be banned from F1's prestigious Monaco Grand PrixCarlos Sainz sends Spanish Grand Prix threat to Max Verstappen and Charles Leclerc  The two men who Norris claimed to match in height also has their say. When told that Norris was apparently listed as 1.76 metres in his passport, Schumacher answered with "He cheated." Vettel was also surprised, promptly stating he was 1.77. Overall, it was the Alpine pairing who led the way. Esteban Ocon took the title of the tallest driver on the circuit, ahead of teammate Fernando Alonso.