Liz Truss has been grilled over the British Government's handling of the Northern Ireland Protocol amid a row with the European Union over aspects of the Brexit treaty which govern trade rules between the EU common market and GB. Kay Burley was quick to put the Tory minister on the spot over recent talk from Boris Johnson's Government about tackling the outstanding problems with the Protocol which have sparked anger from both the DUP and the Brussels. Ms Burely asked the Foreign Secretary: "It's not of your own making, but the Government has angered the DUP, the Government has angered the EU. So where does that actually leave us the UK? Are we sort of somewhere adrift in the Irish Sea!?" Ms Truss replied: "We have put forward a solution that base delivers for the people of Northern Ireland. "It delivers for the problems that they've been facing, whether it's about tax or whether it's about trade, but also delivers for the EU single market, and that's what we want to legislate for. It's not scrapping the protocols.  "Some people have claimed it's fixing the protocol, making it better make it work better. "And that works for everybody. That's the solution we want to get to" Ms Truss described the situation in Northern Ireland as of grave concern. "The situation in Northern Ireland is of grave concern. The Belfast Good Friday Agreement was a huge step-change for Northern Ireland in a positive direction. We're now seeing that undermined by the fact that the Northern Ireland protocol isn't working," she told Sky News.  The EU has threatened to retaliate with "all measures at its disposal" if the UK proceeds with controversial plans to rip up parts of the Northern Ireland Protocol. Ms Truss has set out her intention to bring forward legislation within weeks, overwriting parts of the post-Brexit deal, freeing goods destined to stay within the UK from EU-level checks. She told the Commons the move was needed to reduce "unnecessary bureaucracy" and to protect the Good Friday Agreement, arguing that the EU's proposals "would go backward from the situation we have today". Ms Truss said the Bill would take measures to protect the EU single market by implementing "robust penalties" for those who "seek to abuse the new system". DON'T MISS: Boris Johnson MUST scrap protocol and ‘put Northern Ireland before EU’ (POLL)Suitcase packing: The 'folding' method to 'carry more' in your bag (INSIGHT)FIA president breaks silence on Lewis Hamilton facing Monaco GP ban (REVEAL)  But European Commission vice-president Maros Sefcovic criticised her plan and warned that Brussels could retaliate. Should the UK proceed with the Bill, the EU will respond with "all measures at its disposal", he said. The legislation will propose separate "green" and "red" lanes for goods travelling between Great Britain and Northern Ireland, drawing a line between those destined to stay within the UK and those heading to the Republic of Ireland and beyond. There will be no crossover between the channels, it is understood, with goods filtering through one or the other, depending on their intended destination.