A new series of Antiques Road Trip will be airing very soon and will see the likes of Roo Irvine, Natasha Raskin Sharp and Charles Hanson going head to head as they attempt to find unique items as they travel up and down the country. However, it has now been confirmed that new expert Mark Hill will be joining the BBC team. In a clip shared on Antiques Road Trip's official Twitter account, Roo introduced the new expert to the series. "Hi Antiques Road Trippers, I hope you're well," Roo began. "I have some exciting news, a brand new expert and he's here right now. "Enter the dragon...Mark Hill! How are you doing?" READ MORE: This Morning guest breaks down over heartbreaking dognap Mark replied: "I am doing really well, all the better for seeing you. I can't wait to cross Scotland with you." "Are you looking forward to it?" Roo asked as he replied: "Really very much." "I tell you what, I will look after you from London to John O'Groats. You're going to be mighty cold. But we will make it work, won't we?" "We'll make it work," Mark said optimistically before Roo concluded: "Don't forget to tune in for a brand new series of Antiques Road Trip with a brand new expert." Fans rushed to welcome Mark to the team, with Brian Peters tweeting: "Welcome Mark, what a wonderful way to kick off your road trip experience with the glamorous and talented Roo, though a word to the wise, refrain from wearing a kilt in that braw windy weather!" Jame wrote: "Welcome Mark to the Antique Road Trip." While Susan Silver added: "Love Mark. Looking forward to seeing him with you Roo should be a fab Road Trip." "Good luck, I am sure you'll smash it," Anne Edward went on to write. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Audrey Roberts loses everything in scam [SPOILERS]Emmerdale fans spot clue Faith Dingle is dying [INSIGHT]Simon Cowell speaks out on retiring from Britain's Got Talent [NEWS] Mark will be a familiar face to some viewers as he has also appeared on Antiques Roadshow. He began his career in antiques by becoming an apprentice, cleaning the items for auctions. The 47-year-old also has a love of fashion as he explained most of his clothes are vintage. Discussing what it was like landing a role on the show, Mark began: "It's basically what I do in life. Finding treasures around antique shops is what I do, so to do it with that sort of added competition makes me very excited." Mark's first episode will see him travelling to Scotland with Roo Irvine. The duo will get to choose five antiques each which they will then sell at auction. Speaking about working with Roo, Mark added to Hello Magazine: "Working with Roo is really great. "She's just so much fun and I think what comes across is that it really is two good friends travelling around the country with the edge of competition." Antiques Road Trip is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.