Prince George and Princess Charlotte's £23,000 school fees every year afford them a terrific school menu. As members of the Royal Family, the two young children will be used to dining with the Queen. The menu at Thomas's Battersea is made by world-class chefs.  When most Britons think of their school lunches, they might be reminded of squashed sandwiches, an apple and a juice box. However, this is a stark contrast to the indulgent menus served at Thomas's Battersea. Prince George, eight, and Princess Charlotte, seven, are treated to food curated by world-class chefs and the finest seasonal ingredients. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge won't have to worry about preparing packed lunches for their children during their time at school.  READ MORE: Kate and William show 'emotional exhaustion' after 'comments by Harry' Thomas's Battersea, where the young royals have been enrolled since George started in 2017, prides itself on offering seasonal, nutritionally balanced meals for students. Students are provided with the perfect fuel to get through the day, so no packed lunches are needed for the future King. The school, which charges up to £23,430 per year, even has a three-week menu cycle that is repeated once throughout the school term. So what exactly do the royal tots dine on in between lessons?  According to the school website, everything from lamb ragout with wholewheat pasta to Mediterranean couscous with baked smoked mackerel has been featured on the elite menu at Thomas's. An example lunch menu could see Prince George and his classmates tuck into a turkey and ham pie served with steamed broccoli and cauliflower and oven-baked herby rice. Fish options include roasted salmon on a bed of puy lentils. Meanwhile, vegetarians can enjoy dishes like chickpea, spinach and sweet potato curry.  Many Britons would have been used to a sweet sponge cake drowned in watery custard in their primary school lunches. But Prince George and Charlotte on the other hand can tuck into luxury steamed jam and coconut sponge with vanilla bean custard. Fresh fruit platters and yoghurts or dishes such as a Portuguese egg tart, tropical fruit smoothie or oven-baked oatmeal and raisin cookie served with a banana milkshake are alternative sweet options on offer. Students at Thomas's are also given a mid-morning snack that may include organic milk or water with fresh fruit or a pain aux raisin.  There is also a freshly made soup of the day and bread on offer each lunchtime. There have been many reports, however, that Kate and William are looking for a new school for Prince George to attend. This is because the Cambridges apparently would like to move to Windsor to be closer to the Queen. Lambrook School in Berkshire is one such school that has been suggested in the media. 