Manchester United are set to revamp their squad when Erik ten Hag takes charge this summer. The Red Devils endured a torrid time of things under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last term. And Express Sport will now identify the seven players who are well and truly worth keeping. Plenty went wrong at United last season. But David De Gea wasn’t one of them, with the Spain international rediscovering his best form. De Gea is now operating at the peak of his powers once again and, if he can be retrained to play out from the back, can get even better. The former Atletico Madrid star is one of the few leaders within the squad Ten Hag is inheriting, too. And that’s something Ten Hag certainly needs as he looks to turn the club around. Big things were expected of Raphael Varane when he joined from Real Madrid a year ago. But the France international had a quiet first year in England, not always setting the Premier League alight. Still, if Varane gets back to his Real Madrid best, the Red Devils will be onto a winner. Like De Gea, he’s a leader too. And he’s got experience of winning big trophies having claimed every prize available at Real Madrid. United are certainly hopeful that, with a year of Premier League action under his belt, he’ll be all the better for it. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Luke Shaw had an injury-hit season for United. But while he’s often struggled for consistency, he’s still very much a player who can be a big asset at Old Trafford. Shaw was outstanding a year ago for United, shining as Solskjaer steered the club to second in the Premier League table. He even outdid Liverpool’s Andy Robertson - which takes some doing. And while Shaw can admittedly be frustrating, he’s a confidence player. If Ten Hag can get his mood right, the former Southampton star will have a big role to play. Out of all the midfielders at the club, Bruno Fernandes remains the best at their disposal. Admittedly, the Portugal international got increasingly worse towards the end of last season. He was, for example, particularly bad in the 1-0 defeat to Crystal Palace on Sunday. Yet Fernandes is still one of the best players in world football. That’s why United gave him a five-year deal at the club last month. It’s because they know, behind the scenes, the former Sporting Lisbon star is worth the investment. Ten Hag just needs to add more finesse to Fernandes’ game, and order, for him to improve. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Yes, Cristiano Ronaldo isn’t the player he once was. But if the magic is fading, it’s doing so at a slow rate. Ronaldo was a shining light for United under Rangnick and Solskjaer, netting an impressive 24 goals across all competitions. Ten Hag has already confirmed the 37-year-old is in his plans. And Ronaldo is ready to stay at United, with the Portugal international unwilling to write off his Hollywood homecoming just yet. Marcus Rashford has endured a woeful 12 months. Since missing England’s crunch penalty against Italy at the European Championships, he’s scored just five goals at United. Yet Rashford is another player who Ten Hag is likely to keep. At the age of 24, he’s still got time on his side in order to fulfil his true potential. And if United can improve Rashford, and get his confidence up, he’ll be a substantial asset both on and off the pitch. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz It took Jadon Sancho a little while to adjust to life back in the Premier League. But the former Borussia Dortmund star was better under Rangnick than Solskjaer, which bodes well for the future. Sancho remains a generational talent, which is why United paid £73million to snap him up last year. Ten Hag has shown he can get the best from young forwards during his spell at Ajax. So it’s feasible Sancho will be the future of United as they seek to reel in the likes of Liverpool and Manchester City. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Anthony Elanga: A good talent but is he good enough? Two goals and three assists suggests he’s definitely not the end product yet. Scott McTominay: Could be a useful squad player but few United fans will shed a tear if the Scotland international is shown the door. Fred: Has improved considerably but, again, the ultimate question has to be asked: Is he a player who can take United to the next level? Harry Maguire: On his day, he’s good. On others, he’s woeful. The England international will likely never be worth £80m but keeping him could still have its uses, especially with the likes of Phil Jones, Eric Bailly and Axel Tuanzebe primed to go.