US commentator Kinsey Schofield said the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, who are living in California after quitting royal duties, are in a "really weird place" between being royals and celebrities but "not enough of either one". Ms Schofield made the comments as she spoke to former TMZ journalists Dax Holt and Adam Glyn on her To Di For Daily podcast. The royal commentator said of Harry and Meghan: "They are in this really weird place of being royalty and celebrity… but not enough of either one. "Really, it’s kind of strange. They’re in this limbo." Ms Schofield pointed to the Sussexes' recent polo match in the US, claiming it had prompted accusations of "royal cosplay". But Mr Holt and Mr Glyn, co-hosts of the Hollywood Raw podcast, insisted that the couple are considered royalty in the US. Mr Holt said: "I would say that, that’s probably people over in the UK saying that because here in America, Prince Harry and Meghan are still royalty to us. "We don’t care what they think over in the UK… you guys can be mad at them… you can be upset that they left… you can side with whatever you want. "Sorry, they’re royalty here in America and by all means… dress up, play royal, have a good time… because we are here for it." Mr Glyn added: "Yeah, no, I agree with Dax. READ MORE: Is there such a thing as royal protocol? Meghan fans hit back  "It’s no matter what they do, even though they left the royalty, they are still royalty, they will always be treated as royalty." Harry and Meghan quit as working royals in March 2020 for new lives of personal and financial freedom across the pond. The couple, who are parents to Archie and Lilibet, have set up home in the celebrity enclave of Montecito. DON'T MISSGB News: Samantha Markle gives update on father’s stroke [VIDEO]Royal Family: 'Compassionate' Meghan urged to visit sick dad [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle 'has a decision to make' over meeting ailing dad [ANALYSIS] They are set to return to Britain with their family for the first time since Megxit in just weeks for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee in June. Speculation had been high over whether the Sussexes would join the royals for the celebration. Harry and Meghan made a series of bombshell claims about the monarchy in their Oprah Winfrey interview in March 2021. The Duke also dodged a question on whether he missed his father Prince Charles and his brother Prince William at the Invictus Games last month. It is not known what parts of the four-day Jubilee weekend Harry and Meghan will attend. They will not step out on Buckingham Palace's balcony during Trooping the Colour as the Queen has limited the appearance to working royals only. 