The Queen was married to her late husband, Prince Philip, for 73 years. What did her engagement ring look like? The Platinum Jubilee bank holiday is coming up soon from June 2 to June 5.  Queen Elizabeth recently marked the occasion by sharing unreleased footage of her younger self wearing her engagement ring. Never-before-seen footage of the Queen will appear in the upcoming BBC documentary, Elizabeth: The Unseen Queen, available later this week. Prince Philip made a very romantic gesture in 1947 when he designed an engagement ring for his fiancé, then Princess Elizabeth. The Duke of Edinburgh used diamonds from his mother's tiara and even had some left over to make more jewellery for his bride.  READ MORE: Pragmatic Princess Anne's missing out on top spot is 'sad for Britain' Prince Philip, who died at the age of 99 this time last year, proposed to the Queen in 1947 with the three-carat design. Daniel O’Farrell, the founder of DC Jewellery and gemologist, commented on the timeless piece to Express.co.uk. He said: “The Queen's engagement ring is arguably her most treasured piece, having been presented to her by Prince Phillip in 1946 when they were staying at Balmoral. “However the official announcement of the engagement was delayed until after the Queen’s 21st birthday.  “The diamond is a three carat round brilliant cut taken and repurposed from a tiara belonging to Philip's mother,” the expert noted. He added: “It is set into the eight claw outward tapering pave set ring with four round brilliant cuts set into either shoulder.” How much is the ring worth? Mr O’Farrell explained: “The ring would likely retail in the region of £150,000.  “But due to the provenance and historical significance of the ring, were it ever to come to market, it would be worth many millions.” However, the Queen’s engagement ring did not require every diamond featured on the tiara. So, with the excess, the Duke designed a bracelet for his soon-to-be wife. He gave her the bracelet as a wedding gift, and she went on to wear it for numerous events and portraits.  In more recent years, the accessory has seemingly been worn by Kate Middleton. The Queen met Prince Philip when they both attended the wedding of Philip’s cousin, Princess Marina of Greece, who was set to marry The Duke of Kent. This was in 1934 when the Queen was eight and Prince Philip was 13. The full footage of the ring, alongside other depictions of rare royal moments will be aired in the BBC documentary on May 29. 