Roxy has played the role of Leyla on Emmerdale for 12 years, having first been introduced to the cast in 2008 and taking a two-year hiatus between 2011 and 2013. The mother of one also took maternity leave from the ITV soap in 2018 as she and her husband were excepting their first child together. She has been happily married for 12 years and it seems some viewers of the show might recognise her husband from a few other programmes on the small screen. The actress got married in 2010 to actor Arsher Ali, who has appeared in a multitude of dramas on various different channels. Their relationship moved at pace as, within two weeks of meeting each other, the pair were engaged and were planning their wedding. They both met each other when they were working on a play at The National Theatre in 2007, meaning they have known each other for 15 years. Speaking about the first time they met, Roxy said: "He just looked me in the eye at a cast party and said, ‘Will you marry me?’ "I didn’t answer and he said, ‘You will be my wife’ and that was it. I didn’t quite know what to make of it because I didn’t know him that well.” READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Debbie Webster reports Abi in revenge twist "I knew that he liked me but we hadn’t really said anything. We hadn’t even kissed," the actress continued to tell The Mirror. "I half wanted to laugh and say, ‘That’s absolutely ridiculous!’ and the other half thought, ‘Oooh, kiss me passionately.'” The pair are often pictured together on the actress's Instagram page where she keeps her 62,300 followers up to date on her life. Publicly, they are not usually pictured together apart from when they announced their pregnancy as part of a magazine shoot. It is not thought they have worked together on-screen, either, as Arsher has featured in a lot of different serial dramas. Arsher is well known for being a regular lead actor at the Royal Shakespeare Company in Stratford-upon-Avon after graduating from East 15 Acting School. He has featured in everything from Silent Witness, as the character Zak Khan, to Line of Duty in which he played PC Hari Bains in season three. For two seasons, he also played the character of teacher Samir Qureshi in the Channel 4 drama, Ackley Bridge, before he left in 2018. Most recently, he starred in the television show called Cold Courage, which premiered on BritBox in August 2020 when it was released. He plays the main role, Peter Chandra, in the programme and the actor is also featured in a film called The Dig last year. DON'T MISS...Danny Miller's depression forced him to halt Emmerdale filming [COMMENT]Emmerdale star Liam Fox shows off fairytale home with co-star wife [PICTURES]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock 'shocked' over 'sheer weight' of stroke plot [COMMENT] However, Arsher has often spoken out on being typecast in roles and the challenges faced by British Asian actors in the profession. Speaking about the impact this has had on his career, Arsher said: "I’m glad no one told me it would be like this when I came out of drama school, or I would have been destroyed. "That’s why I do a lot of theatre. I can do Shakespeare and it rarely feels like it's an issue. "There’s a lack of imagination in film and TV, not just on the part of the writers but the gatekeepers, the casting directors. "I left drama school five years ago and it feels like not much has changed," the actor said in an interview with Time Out in 2013. "People leave for America and report back that there’s more opportunity there," Arsher added. "But if you bring that up, people call it preposterous and show you a load of figures and tables. They call you “BMEs”! Black, Minority or Ethnics." In recent years, the pair have had to juggle the responsibilities of being an actor with the duties of being a parent to their child. The parents have decided not to announce to the world the name or the gender of their child to give it as much privacy as possible. Speaking about finding out they were having a baby, Roxy said: "To be honest, I was absolutely terrified when I saw the test was positive. I burst into tears." "We had only been trying for a few weeks and I was sure it was going to take us much longer," she said in an interview with OK! Magazine. "It took a few weeks before I got my head around it but, once I did, I was filled with joy. "It’s weird as Charley [Webb] actually told me she thought I was pregnant before I did the test. We had been working together and she called me when I got home and said my boobs gave it away. “Arsher also guessed too because one day I had a sudden craving for Hula Hoops, which isn’t something I’d usually eat!” Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.