 The One Show viewers were treated to interviews from Tom Hanks and Austin Butler on Monday as the co-stars discussed their new film, Elvis. However, the Oscar-winning actor’s appearance alarmed some BBC One viewers with some fans questioning if Tom was preparing for an upcoming role.     @AnthonyRubio5 tweeted: “Is Tom Hanks filming Philadelphia 2? Looks poorly! #TheOneShow.” @Ginger_Ninja27 added: “Is Tom Hanks in training for a role? #TheOneShow.” “Has Tom Hanks become really skinny or have I just forgotten he was always skinny #TheOneShow,” @diddlywiddly wrote. @ReginaF1addict questioned: “Is Tom Hanks ok? #TheOneShow #BBC1.” Read more: ‘Don’t get that in the US!’ Tom Hanks praises BBC on The One Show    @ice_crystal said: “Crikey. Tom Hanks is disappearing. #TheOneShow.” @FlopsyPickle shared: “Tom Hanks is looking very skinny and old tonight, I don’t like it, it makes me remember how old he is and therefore how old I am. “He only looks older because he’s not his usual weight and therefore not much to fill his face out. #TheOneShow.” Meanwhile, Tom opened up about meeting the Queen as host Alex probed him on the dinner he attended hosted by the monarch.     The Queen hosted an evening for the then President of the United States and First Lady, Barack Obama and Michelle Obama in 2011. Tom and Helena Bonham Carter were in attendance alongside a host of other famous faces. Revealing he was sitting next to the Queen, Tom said: “I knew I was going to be sitting next to her so I wanted to be able to talk about things that were of [importance] but not presumptuous. “So a few things like how often she truly has time off, it was nice chit chat, it was okay.” DON'T MISSThe Repair Shop star reflects on one of 'most emotional' moments [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise's Ardal O'Hanlon admits to 'demanding' work schedule [INTERVIEW]Call the Midwife’s Helen George opens up on ‘awkward’ kiss [VIDEO]  one show  “And then out of the corner of my eye, I saw this white-gloved hand just put between me and Her Royal Majesty this glass of water. “That’s all it was. A white glove and a glass of water.” “But it wasn’t in a water glass,” the Hollywood actor added. “It was a clear liquid and so I dared to ask the Queen, ‘And what is your majesty’s cocktail of choice?’”     “She said, ‘Ooh martini!’” Tom revealed as The One Show studio erupted into laughter. The actor added: “She had the one, that’s what she nursed throughout the night. “She’s had a wonderful reign so maybe if I want to polish up my game a little bit I’ll start having martinis.” The One Show airs on BBC One on weekdays at 7pm.   