The homeowner, who wishes to remain anonymous, was devastated after her family's £2,500 trail bikes were stolen from their garden shed last Monday. Forensic officers were sent to the scene but the woman has heard nothing since, as the investigating officer has gone on holiday. So the mother worked tirelessly to secure CCTV from her neighbours and discovering the names and addresses of suspects, who are also believed to have been behind other thefts in Newcastle-under-Lyme, Staffordshire. But the woman claims police have advised her to "sit and wait for more cases to be reported" and "not to take it into (her) own hands". Speaking to Stoke-on-Trent Live, she said: "It's gotten to a very sad point in this area with people scared to sleep at night. We are all messaging one another. The police tell us not to take it in to our own hands yet they aren't doing a single thing about it. "We are totally appalled by the lack of police backing. Surely if someone commits a crime with hard evidence against them then an arrest should have taken place? "We tried to speak to police on Monday morning to update them on all of the information we had gathered and to get an update from them as no arrests have taken place. Absolutely nothing has changed and these idiots are being left to roam the streets and take what they like without any come back. They've told us to stay away, now we have no further information." It's believed the investigating officer left for a holiday days after the initial forensic probe in the Kidsgrove area of Newcastle-under-Lyme. The woman continued: "I thought the police were good at first - they sent forensics. Normally they just give you a crime reference number and leave it at that. They brushed down one of the children's bikes that had been thrown across the garden for fingerprints. They sent a police officer who came and took details. "We thought 'great, they've got all the information'. But he said there was a 95 per cent chance the bikes would be gone by now. "We are now being bombarded with private messages from other people who have had things stolen day after day, night after night. These thieves are also blatantly trying their luck at any time. "We have been told that the policeman who visited us is on holiday until Tuesday and therefore they can't discuss the case with us. So we now have to sit and wait for more cases to be reported and in the meantime. The people of Kidsgrove are worried stiff watching and waiting for something to happen to them." A Staffordshire Police spokesman said: "Police were called at 11.45am on Monday 16 May to a report of a burglary at an address on Parklands in Kidsgrove. "We prioritise every call and subsequent response and investigation based on the nature of the threat, the harm caused, the risk of further crimes being committed and opportunities to identify the suspect. "During times of high-demand, there may be occasions where our response is delayed. "A suspect has been identified and enquiries are on-going to locate them. Neighbourhood officers will be in touch with the resident to discuss this further." 