Tension in the nation remains high after the former cricketer was removed from office following a vote of no confidence by parliamentarians. Mr Khan was replaced by Shehbaz Sharif who until now has yet to instigate a general election as per the rules of the constitution of the country. Protesters have remained vocal since Mr Khan’s removal, with one analyst speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk saying Mr Khan’s popularity has increased since the coup against him.  In the latest video to emerge from the country on Twitter, protesters believed to be loyal to the former Prime Minister can be seen attacking a police vehicle on the main street. Using sticks, stones and rubble, a group of around 30 people can be seen smashing the police van, targeting the windows and front of the vehicle. Smashing can be heard as shards of powdered glass spray the area as the protesters hit the vehicle repeatedly. Posting the video on Twitter, FJ said: “Imran Khan's violent supporters destroyed a police vehicle in Karachi.”  Protests had been planned to take place across Pakistan in support of the ousted premier. All roads leading into Pakistan's capital Islamabad were blocked on Wednesday ahead of a major protest planned by Mr Khan. Since being removed from power through a no-confidence vote last month, Mr Khan has heaped pressure on the country's fragile new coalition government by staging mass rallies across the country. The coalition government headed by Mr Sharif has pledged to stop Mr Khan's supporters from pouring into the city, calling the rally an attempt to “divide the nation and promote chaos.” Interior Minister Rana Sanaullah said: “Nobody should be allowed to besiege the capital and dictate his terms.”  READ MORE:Putin's allies: The six countries likely to support Russia in WW3 Attempts have also been made across several major cities in Pakistan to stem the flow of traffic heading to the capital. Cities such as Lahore, Peshawar and Multan have had entry and exit points to the cities blocked by police as a precautionary measure. Shipping containers have been seen laid across roads blocking vehicle access to the capital from such towns and cities. Prior to the protests, Mr Khan’s PTI party accused police of arresting hundreds its supporters in overnight raids. Source in Lahore have informed AFP more than 200 people had been detained prior to the planned protest. The current government has justified the arrest claiming Mr Khan’s supporters were seeking to attend the protests with weapons.  DON'T MISS:Mother rescues son after sewage drain fall [REVEAL]Food shortage fears in UK due to Ukraine war [INSIGHT]Passenger refuses to switch seats with mum and baby [REPORT] Across Islamabad, police have fired tear gas and have used baton charges against Mr Khan’s supporters, resulting in the protest spilling over against police assets. Spurring on his supporters, Mr Khan has urged his faithful, in particular younger members of the community, to remove barricades and reach Islamabad “at any cost.” Taking to Twitter to discuss the movement, the former PM said: “Would urge everyone to carry the Pakistan flag with them. “This is a defining moment today for the Haqiqi Azaadi of Pakistan.”  A reporter from Al-Jazeera at the scene described the chaos of the protests. Kamal Hyder said: “There are reports of scuffles in many Punjab cities between the police, despite the fact that the Pakistani constitution allows for peaceful protests, which is the fundamental right of the citizens. “But the government it seems has panicked and is overreacting despite the fact that there were court orders not to arrest or harass workers.” Imran Khan was notorious during his tenure for his anti-US rhetoric and has blamed the West for his ousting. 