Regularly cleaning the fridge is essential to keep the food fresh for longer, and in order to remove unpleasant smells, placing a jar of baking soda in the fridge helps neutralize odours. Simply combine one cup of baking soda and a few drops of lemon in a little container or jar. Place in the fridge for at least one month. On a Mrs Hinch fans Facebook group, cleaning enthusiast Sophie Mckeown asked for advice and many other users recommended the same hack to clean and freshen the fridge. Sophie said: "I have been away for a week and I think before I left in a rush I’ve knocked my fridge/freezer plug and stuff has defrosted. READ MORE: When to cut back tulips - key date to secure fresh blooms next year  "My room is now giving off an odour, I have cleaned every surface, cleaned fridge/freezer head to toe but now paranoid my room will smell for ages! "I was wondering if anyone has any tips please?? My mum suggested leaving a cup of salt/baking soda out or half an onion?" Cleaning enthusiast and Mrs Hinch fan Lisa Bramley said: "Put a bowl of bicarbonate of soda in your fridge too." Lesley Taylor recommended using dry cat litter.  She explained: "Dry cat litter in a tray works a treat. It absorbs smells. "Put in a container in the fridge." Another one named Caroline Clifford added: "Leave vinegar in a bowl as well all good tips your mum has giving you." Facebook user Lisa Gibbs also shared her experience and recommended "ground coffee" as the most effective way to get rid of unpleasant smells. Lisa explained: "I was away on holiday one very hot May and our electrics tripped seemingly just after we left the house. "Nine days into the holiday a friend popped into the house and said it smelled like someone had died. "She reset the electrics, chucked out everything from both fridge freezers, got a load of fly spray and air fresheners and washed the fridge freezers out with bicarb. "We got home a week later and almost puked when we walked in - she had forgotten the dog meat freezer in the extension which was full of raw tripe. Still there and beyond ripe. "You honestly can’t imagine how bad it was. "The best thing I found was ground coffee, I put dishes of it in fridge freezers, drawers, cupboards and went mad with lemon juice, vinegar and bicarb. "By the end of the weekend everything was fresh and clean - the memory still makes me hurl by the way."