The woman said her husband has been forced to sell their car because of rising prices and soaring energy bills. If it wasn’t for her free bus pass she doesn’t know what they’d do. Speaking to Sky News, Cathy said: “We have to cut back on electric and be very careful. “It’s the same with food - every time you go out it’s gone up so you have to choose what you can afford to eat - especially meat which has gone sky high. “My husband had a car - he had to give that up as we can’t afford it so the one thing we’re happy about is our Freedom passes. “At least we can move around so that’s one good thing at least.” READ MORE: Chase offers 1.5% interest on savings account with no fees In England, people can apply for their free bus pass when they reach the state pension age of 66-years-old. However, in Scotland and Wales they can apply when they are 60-years-old. But it's not just pensioners who could benefit from reduced travel - 10 groups of people could be eligible for a free bus pass depending on where they live in the UK. Yet, not everyone is making the most of this benefit. DON'T MISSRishi Sunak announcement: Full list of handouts for Britons [UPDATE]State pension payments set to change next month [ALERT]Martin Lewis delighted as Sunak cuts £400 off energy bills 'GOOD MOVE' [INSIGHT]      Britons looking to make savings should check they are making the most of freebies like a free bus pass. It’s not just age that determines whether someone qualifies for discounted travel. This freebie is also available to people who are blind or partially sighted. People with a disability or carers looking after someone with a condition may also qualify.     In total 10 groups of people qualify for a free bus pass: Anyone who is deaf or unable to speakSomeone who can’t walk very far because of a disability, illness or injuryAn individual who doesn’t have arms or can’t use their armsA person who has a severe learning disabilitySomeone who has been refused a driving licence because of their health (but not because of problems with drugs or alcohol)Jobseekers who are on Universal Credit may be able to get half price bus and train travelUnder 18s if they live in ScotlandOver 60s in Scotland and WalesThose 66 and over in England.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea To apply for a free bus pass, people should speak to their local council. People are also being reminded to check they are receiving all the benefits and freebies they are entitled. People on certain benefits qualify for help towards energy bills, a reduction in council tax and in some cases a free TV licence. To find out if someone could claim financial help from the DWP, there’s a handy benefits calculator on Gov.uk.