Coverage from Saturday’s game shows Prince William, 39, being introduced to Chelsea and Liverpool players before kick-off. The Duke of Cambridge attended the match in his role as president of the Football Association, a position he has held since 2006. Footage from the game shows the jeers started during a rendition of the Christian hymn Abide With Me performed by B Positive Choir. The hymn has traditionally been sung at the FA Cup final since 1927. The outburst began once again when Prince William was introduced to the crowd and began shaking the hands of the players. The booing and jeers then came to a head during the National Anthem, God Save The Queen. Liverpool emerged victorious during the game, beating Chelsea 6-5 on penalties after extra time. It marked the club’s first win since 2006. As the Duke of Cambridge handed out winners' medals to the Liverpool players afterwards, however, no jeering could be heard from the crowd. So, what do YOU think? Are you ashamed Prince William was booed by crowds at the match? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below. Many royal fans rushed to the prince's defence on social media, including a user called ‘Scarfie’ who wrote: “Class act as always, Prince William!! Congrats to Liverpool!” @MPpauta added: “This was truly the best highlight for me. To see Prince William attend and present the medals to my team. What a day!!! “Thank you your Royal Highness. Difficult circumstances but always handled with class!! Nothing but respect to our future King” Monica Christopher added: “Pure class, Prince William!” One more, @EvolveBN, wrote: “Thank you Prince William, for being there to cheer on both teams. Thrilling result for Liverpool. So nice to hear @bpositivechoir singing ~ #GodSavetheQueen” DON'T MISS Prince Harry's Jubilee plan offers clue about feared memoir [INSIGHT] Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'need to top up brand with royalty' [REVEAL]Zara Tindall can be a 'royal rebel' but 'without causing controversy' [REPORT] William tweeted about his excitement ahead of the match on his and Kate’s Twitter account, Kensington Royal. The tweet reads: “Off to the men’s #FACupFinal! Who do we think will win?" After the match, which marked Liverpool’s eighth FA Cup triumph, the Duke tweeted again to share well wishes with the teams. The message was signed off with the initial ‘W’ making it a rare personal tweet from the royal. He tweeted: “Congratulations @LFC on being crowned 2022 Men’s FA Cup champions! “Very well deserved after a long journey and commiserations to @ChelseaFC, you showed real fight for the full 120 minutes and more. W #FACupFinal” The controversy came a day after Prince William personally delivered a damehood to Deborah James before sharing afternoon tea and champagne with her and her family. She launched the Bowelbabe fund earlier this week, with an initial goal of raising £250,000 for research into personalised medicine for cancer patients and to support campaigns to raise awareness of bowel cancer. Mrs James, 40, has now raised almost £6million since revealing she is receiving end-of-life care for her bowel cancer. In an Instagram post about the Duke’s visit, she wrote: "Prince William actually came to our family house today!! I am utterly honoured that he joined us for afternoon tea and champagne, where he not only spent a generous amount of time talking to my whole family but also honoured me with my Damehood.” She added: "It's quite surreal having a royal pop in at home, and yes you can imagine the cleaning antics and preparation went off the scale - but it was all irrelevant because William was so kind and he put us all at ease. "He is clearly passionate about improving oncology outcomes as the President of the Royal Marsden. It was such a special day for my whole family, making memories to last a lifetime. He's welcome back any time!"