Military analysts are warning that the tide has turned in east Ukraine with the potential for a regrouped and regalvanised Russian military to have a second crack at Kyiv. For all the talk of Russia as paper tiger, experts always knew that Russia’s military was far superior to Ukraine’s – not that this would guarantee victory (just look at US losses in Vietnam and Afghanistan). But Russia remains one of the major world powers which has long been grossly underestimated.  As the Russian advance continues – with the loss of at least 100 Ukrainian soldiers per day – Beijing will be eyeing the situation closely. The Chinese Communist Party (CCP) is committed to bring democratic Chinese-majority Taiwan under its control, the island lying 100 miles east of the mainland. Throughout the Ukraine conflict, Chinese state media has pumped the message that Russia has been both justified and victorious in its campaign. This alone would perhaps have been enough to encourage Chinese nationalists among the public to agitate for an invasion of Taiwan. Now, with Russian forces seeming to turn the tide in Ukraine, the CCP is going to find it very difficult - perhaps an unimaginable loss of face – to not make at least some move on Taiwan before too long. Last week, US President Joe Biden said that should China attack Taiwan the US would intervene militarily. Whatever criticism the US President has faced since then, his statement revealed a degree of truth – the US would find it much harder to stay out of a conflict over Taiwan than over Ukraine. Taiwan is part of the ‘first island chain’ which includes considerable Japanese territory as well. This chain of islands effectively blocks Chinese dominance of the western Pacific. If Taiwan falls then Chinese dominance is, if not fully secured, certainly highly advanced, pushing the US out of the region. Aside from anything else, America’s role as guarantor of the sea lanes for international trade – one of the major reasons for the US Dollar’s position as the world’s reserve currency – could be eroded considerably. The implications for US power and economic prestige could then be incalculable. In Ukraine, we know the West has been equipping Ukrainians, and further supplies through land borders not yet under Russian control could still help Ukraine. But Taiwan is an island. A quick blockade by the Chinese People’s Liberation Army (PLA) would seriously curtail supplies for defending Taiwan. An invasion of Taiwan would, of course, be no mean feat. The 100-mile-wide Taiwan Strait is difficult to pass for much of the year, though not all of it. Meanwhile, any invasion would require a colossal invading force. But with two million soldiers and at least 500,000 in reserve, the PLA has this at its disposal. Yes – as with Russia’s invasion of Ukraine – preparations for any invasion of Taiwan would be captured on satellite imagery long before any initial assault began.   In reality however, it would also take considerable time for US and allied forces to ready themselves as well. One difference with Ukraine perhaps is that EU and NATO allies are not yet willing to intervene without US involvement. Should the US not get involved in Taiwan however, one wonders how long India, Japan and South Korea would sit on the side-lines given the existential threat of CCP dominance. India would be wary of an emboldened China muscling in on its territory (China and India have ongoing border clashes), while export giants Japan and South Korea cannot afford to let sea lanes they depend upon become dominated by Beijing. All three also have reservations about US resolve. Therefore, as the tide turns in Ukraine the CCP could find it increasingly difficult to stand the loss of face of watching Moscow’s victories without launching an attack on Taiwan. Meanwhile Beijing will not want the world to think they are scared of Biden’s threats of intervention. The risk of any Taiwan conflict spiralling into a wider war is very real. China’s security pact with the Solomon Islands near Australian territory and talk of one with Kiribati near Hawaii suggest the CCP is all too aware of this. Russian gains in Ukraine therefore could start turning up the temperature in east Asia.  