With summer just around the corner, now is the time to give lawns a well-needed boost. Caring for lawns now will ensure they are ready for guests and socialising in the late summer months. Tristan Sissons, garden buying manager at Homebase, has exclusively shared how to care for a garden lawn in May. According to the lawn expert, May is the month to “focus on weeding and feeding your green space”. Here are Homebase’s top lawn tips for May: The warmer weather and extra sunlight means weeds thrive in May. This month is the perfect time to keep on top of them. READ MORE: Mould: Best houseplants to get rid of mould in your bathroom The lawn care pro told Express.co.uk: “In May, the aim is to keep them at bay, to keep your grass healthy throughout the summer months. “The first step is choosing the right weed killer – think about whether you need a spot weed killer for tricky areas or an all-in-one product, which tends to include moss killer, for your whole lawn.” Feeding needs to be done now before temperatures get too warm. This should also be done once weeds have been removed.  DON'T MISSMrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ hack to get rid of spiders - ‘repels them’ [INSIGHT]Inside Kate Middleton's childhood home that sold for £500,000 in 2011 [UPDATE]Steps to achieve a ‘lush lawn’ by summer - ‘perfect time’ [ANALYSIS] The expert said: “Once you have your weeds and moss under control, it’s time for lawn feed. “Getting this sorted in May makes life easier as warmer summer temperatures make it difficult for the feed to be absorbed later in the year. “There are also feeds that contain grass seed. “If you want a thicker lusher lawn, these are perfect.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Neatening the edges of a lawn creates a better, sharper shape. For the final touches to your lawn, pay attention to the edges by using shears, a trimmer or an edger. Mr Sissons said: “To get the sharpest, most accurate edge possible you can’t beat a pair of long handled garden shears.  “However, if you’re looking for a quicker option you can also use a powered trimmer or edger. “Most have settings to adjust the trimmer to meet the edge perfectly.” Edging should be done at least once a year. Doing this once a year means people won’t get huge overgrowth.