The Duchess of Cambridge came to the student’s aid during a visit to the University of Glasgow campus on Wednesday, March 11, with Prince William. The pair were greeting students when one individual caught Kate’s eye by waving a copy of an old crossword puzzle. Jack Baird, 21, a second-year student, appealed to the duchess for help with one question about the Royal Family that he had been grappling with. Kate, who has a 2:1 degree in the history of art, took the Times crossword puzzle off him and offered to help. Mr Baird said he had been stuck on the clue about the “sovereign’s annual allowance”, the Times reported. The Duchess was reportedly “thrilled” when she got the answer regarding the Queen’s financial arrangements. Mr Baird, a statistics undergraduate, said: “It was two words of five and four letters. “I couldn’t get the second word. I gave it to Kate and asked her as I’m sure she would have known. And she said it was ‘Civil List’.  “She was very excited. It didn’t look like she was going to get it for a moment. I’m really chuffed. I’m going to frame it. “She looked thrilled. I think she thought ‘I wouldn’t live this down if I get this wrong’.” Mr Baird, from Lisburn in Northern Ireland, had been revising when Kate arrived on campus. He said he had not realised the royals were due to be visiting but happened to have the old crossword puzzle in his pocket. Mr Baird said: “I’d been studying in the library for exams and saw a group of people out here and wondered what was going on.” The crossword was the Times2 non-cryptic version of the Jumbo Crossword 1554 from Monday, May 2. READ MORE: Queen broke with tradition to ensure Prince Charles took over speech  The student’s friends said he is a big fan of crosswords and even takes the puzzles with him to nightclubs. He added: “I’m a big crossword fan and have several going at once.”  The royal couple visited the University of Glasgow campus to speak with students and professors about efforts to support mental health during COVID-19 lockdowns and exams. They had earlier visited St John’s Primary School in Port Glasgow where the pair helped teachers get across their message of teaching empathy to youngsters. Kate was pictured cuddling a baby and singing along with the children.  DON'T MISS:Prince William in stitches as he is presented with adorable gift [BREAKING]Royal Family LIVE: Kate's security is 'constant worry' [LIVE]Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's UK return pivotal to future projects [LATEST] The visit prompted Prince William to joke: “Can you get my wife out of here before she gets broody?” Meanwhile, the Prince of Wales caused a buzz in south London on Wednesday morning when he took part in a chaotic walkabout in a street market with chancellor Rishi Sunak. Hundreds of people gathered at East Street market off the Walworth Road to glimpse the prince, who greeted members of the public. The prince had been visiting youngsters who have been supported by the Kickstart scheme, a job creation scheme supported by the Prince’s Trust. The £2 billion scheme was set up by Chancellor Sunak during the pandemic to combat mass youth unemployment. 