Helen Skelton, 38, has been getting over her recent split from her husband Richie Myler, 31, with whom she shares three children. However, the Countryfile presenter cannot seem to catch a break as she took to Instagram to share her discovery that a scammer has taken on her identity as she warned her followers to avoid it. Helen shared a screenshot of the fake page on her Instagram in view of her 297,000 followers. Over the screenshot she penned: "This is not me!! Fake account." This comes as Helen announced the shock end of her marriage last month on Instagram. She shared a story which read: "Very sad to say that Richie and I are no longer a couple. READ MORE: Jane Fonda cheekily spills who her 'favourite ex-husband' is "He has left the family home. We will be doing our best to co-parent our small children." She shared two heartbreak emojis along with the message, showing her devastation over the situation. Helen married Richie in December 2013 and the pair have three children together. Until the announcement of the break-up, they appeared to the outside world to have the perfect marriage, with many expressions of their devotion on social media in recent weeks.  Their split came just four months after the arrival of the couple's third child, a baby daughter. Helen took to Instagram yesterday as she put on a cheerful display as she posted a snap of her sons' toy collection. The Countryfile presenter beamed for the promo shot as she seemed in high spirits. She sported a natural makeup look to highlight her smooth complexion. DON'T MISS... Phillip Schofield sparks divide amid Queen's Jubilee - 'Switched off!' [COMMENT] French model Amandine Petit flashes underwear at Cannes 2022 [CANNES] Eva Longoria, 47, bares her braless body at Cannes Film Festival [PICS] Her blonde locks fell neatly down her face and were styled in a straight look. She also donned a floral print top for the snap as she held her children's toys. Helen captioned the post: "We are big Bluey watchers in our family! Now I have a small problem... "I was going to give my nephew the new Bluey toys as a gift, but my boys are obsessed and won't let me give them away!" Rumours have also been circulating recently that Helen is top of the list for this year's upcoming Strictly Come Dancing. Reports claim that since appearing on the show's Christmas Special in 2012, bosses are desperate to get her back on screens. According to The Sun, a source said: "Helen has been on the Strictly wishlist since she did the Christmas special but the timing has never been quite right for her to sign up. "She relocated to France in 2015 for three years while Richie was playing there and has also taken time out for her three pregnancies."