Regardless, if you can take steps to avoid cancer, you would. While you can not guarantee what you do will remove the likelihood of cancer ever developing, you can minimise your risk. Doctor William Li said: "Our choices regarding food are essential for preventing, treating, and even reversing cancer." One of the best cancer-busting foods you can eat is nuts, specifically walnuts, almonds, hazelnuts, cashews, pistachios, and Brazil nuts. "Nuts contain cancer-fighting polyphenols that boost our immune systems to fight cancer," explained Doctor Li. "And they also have healthy omega-3 fatty acids, which can starve cancer by cutting off its blood supply." The next food to consider eating more of is tomatoes, which is described as a "tasty cancer-fighter" by Doctor Li. He elaborated: "Its power may be attributable to the lycopene, a cancer starver found in the highest levels in the San Marzano tomato. READ MORE: Testosterone deficiency syndrome – feeling dreadfully unhappy might not be depression "Lycopene also protects your DNA from damage, which helps shield you against cancer." Doctor Li pointed out research where men who ate two to three cups of cooked tomatoes twice weekly had a 30 percent lowered risk of prostate cancer. Another cancer-fighting friend is purple potatoes, which contain a natural chemical called anthocyanin. Anthocyanin "starves and kills cancer cells and wipes out the dreaded cancer stem cells". Last, but not least, Doctor Li recommends oysters, as the meat contains proteins, polysaccharides, and amino acids. The contents of an oyster have powerful antioxidant effects that protect DNA against free radical damage. "Researchers found eating extracts from oysters can reduce DNA damage by 90 percent," said Doctor Li. "And [eating oysters] increase the protective antioxidant glutathione by 50 percent." When it comes to a healthy beverage, it may surprise you that Doctor Li hasn't said water. Instead, the doctor recommends drinking matcha green tea. "Cancer researchers in England have shown that matcha green tea can fight breast cancer by cutting off the fuel lines to their cancer stem cells. "Without fuel, the cancer stem cells can’t function and die." The study was done in a laboratory, however, and not on people who have breast cancer. Yet, Doctor Li says the discovery is "exciting and should lead to further research to see if the same effects will occur in people with breast cancer". Do I have signs of cancer in my body? There are endless amounts of symptoms that can occur dependent on where a tumour arises. If anything is unusual for you, and you are concerned, it's best to seek advice from your doctor. Doctor William Li is an internationally renowned Harvard-trained medical doctor who authored Eat to Beat Disease.