If your Windows 10 PC suddenly asks you to download a new Microsoft security patch beware. It appears that hackers have launched a nasty new ransomware campaign that could leave those fooled facing a bill of over £1,800. This latest threat uses the Magniber bug to infect PCs and, once installed, it then sets about locking files, encrypting documents and stealing data with owners forced to pay a huge fee to end the hack. In fact, some have reported being asked to pay a whopping $2,300 to get their PC unlocked and free from Magniber. The message users are faced with reads, "Your files are NOT damaged! Your files are modified only. This modification is reversible. The only 1 way to decrypt your files is to receive the private key and decryption program. Any attempts to restore your files with the third party software will be fatal for your files!" According to the team at BleepingComputer, the campaign began last month with more and more users now flocking to forums to ask for help. "Hi, I've just been hit by ransomware a few hours ago. Need assistance," said one Windows 10 user on BleepingComputer's help page. And another added: "My PC been infected by ransomware and my files have been encrypted. Unfortunately, there is no decryptor yet. I was hoping someone has any success decrypting this and can please reach out to me and help me out." It's currently unclear how Magniber is being spread but it appears to be focusing on consumers rather than business accounts. If you are whizzing around the web and suddenly see a message to download a new Windows 10 update it's definitely worth being extremely cautious before installing any files. The best way to check for any impending upgrades is to head to Microsoft's official platform. To see if your PC needs new software to help keep it running smoothly select Check for Windows updates. Or select the Start button, and then go to Settings > Update & Security > Windows Update . Here you'll find what's available for your PC. Speaking about ransomware attacks and what to do if you've been hit by a bug, Microsoft said: "Unfortunately, a ransomware infection usually doesn’t show itself until you see some type of notification, either in a window, an app, or a full-screen message, demanding money to regain access to your PC or files. These messages often display after encrypting your files. "Try fully cleaning your PC with Windows Security. You should do this before you try to recover your files. Also see Backup and Restore in Windows for help on backing up and recovering files for your version of Windows. "Don't pay money to recover your files. Even if you were to pay the ransom, there is no guarantee that you'll regain access to your PC or files. If you’ve already paid the ransom, immediately contact your bank and your local authorities. If you paid with a credit card, your bank may be able to block the transaction and return your money."