Kim Woodburn, 80, told her fans she “refuses to die” after undergoing an operation to remove a disc from the back of her neck. Kim seemed in good spirits as she filmed from her kitchen while sipping gin and eating grapes. The former Celebrity Big Brother contestant looked well with her hair styled in her signature high bun, perfectly painted red nails and a full face of makeup.Still wearing a large dressing across her neck, Kim told her 76,000 followers: “Hello my loves, thank you for all your good messages and I’ll tell you what has gone on.“I had a disc behind my ear that was fractured or broken.  “The doctor had to go in and cut a big hole in my throat to take out the rotten disc and put a titanium disc in. READ MORE:Piers Morgan slams Angelina Jolie as she's spotted visiting Ukraine “I am getting the use back in my fingers because it was killing all the use in my fingers.  Comedian Joe Lycett wrote: “’I refuse to die dear’. I love you! Get well soon xxx.” RuPaul’s Drag Race star Divina De Campo echoed: “Omg Kim! Glad they’ve got you sorted.” While a fan named Peter said: “Bless you Kim! You’ll outlive us all! Enjoy your gin x.” And Rachel added: “All the best for a quick recovery Kim. The gin must surely help.” DON'T MISSHelen Skelton devastated over husband Richie 'dating younger woman'[LATEST]Angelina Jolie rushed to bomb shelter during visit to war-torn Ukraine[INSIGHT]Victoria Beckham says David 'can't get enough' as he's caught staring[PICTURES] Kim sparked concern on Friday when she shared a photograph from her hospital bed.Once she was well enough to return home, the How Clean Is Your House Star appeared on GB News to put her fans at ease.She told hosts Stephen Dixon and Anne Diamond that she will have to rest for a few weeks while she recovers. Nevertheless, the 80-year-old insisted that she is “not ill” and is as “fit as a fiddle”.She said: “It’s a few hours after my surgery, it's painful, I've got stitches, they sent me home and my love, I’m as fit as a fiddle."I've got about four or five weeks to rest but I've got this big cut-throat.  “Mind you, it’s not stopped me talking.”