Mr Dyke, who was director-general of the broadcaster from 2000 to 2004, gave his assessment to the Lords Communications and Digital Committee. He said: "I have always been of the view that the licence fee has always been an unsatisfactory tax and it is an unsatisfactory tax largely because it costs the same if you are the poor or the rich." And that always seemed to me to be deeply unfair. And I felt that in the period that I was at the BBC. "The reason I think it survives is because when you start to look at what you replace it with, it becomes difficult." Up until August 2020, all over-75s had the £159 licence fee waived, meaning more than 5.3 million properties, who had at least one pensioner aged above 75 living at home, benefited. While many pensioners are now struggling to make ends meet amid the cost-ofliving crisis, campaigners are reigniting calls to scrap the fee. Dennis Reed, who runs the Silver Voices group for the elderly, said: "We've always known it's an unfair tax. It's a bit late in the day for Greg Dyke now to come public with this. "The current incumbent at Broadcasting House, Tim Davie, has actually made the tax more unfair by scrapping the free licence for the over- 75s, and refusing to consider wider exemptions from the licence fee for those who can't afford to pay it." Mr Reed said the broadcaster needed to support older people amid the costof-living crisis. He said: "You've got a very aggressive, unfair, flat-rate tax that hits poor households more than it does wealthy households by the nature of the tax. I hope whatever replaces the licence fee will be made much fairer." Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries announced earlier this year that the BBC's licence fee will be frozen for the next two years. She also said she wants to find a new funding model. Broadcaster Andrew Neil said the licence fee is both a "wonderful asset" and a "straitjacket". During a discussion about the future funding of the corporation, Mr Neil said: "The problem is that the licence fee is both a wonderful asset - not many businesses can count on £3.75billion of guaranteed income a year - but it is also a straitjacket. "Because even £5billion is not enough to run a full television network with international ambitions these days. "The easy way out, the most comfortable way out, is to continue with the licence fee, and I suspect that is what will happen again. It usually is."