Paulo Dybala will join Arsenal this summer if they qualify for the Champions League, former Italian defender Massimo Brambati has been told. Dybala is set to leave Juventus at the end of his contract and Brambati says the destination could very well be Arsenal. The Gunners are currently fourth in the Premier League table, aiming to finish in the top four for the first time since 2016. Mikel Arteta's side will likely have to win their two remaining matches to finish above north London rivals Tottenham. Doing so may well provide more than the satisfaction of being back in Europe's elite club competition. That is because Brambati claims the signing of Dybala depends on it. Speaking on TMW Radio, as reported by JuventusNews24.com, Brambati says he has spoken to someone close to the player and says Arsenal are very much in the conversation to sign him. He said: "I was told by a person close to the environment that if Arsenal qualifies for the Champions League the Argentine will go there." READ MORE: Arsenal can sign two top strikers for just £42.4m as agent 'flies in to London'  If Tottenham beat Burnley on Sunday, Arsenal will then have to beat both Newcastle and Everton, with Spurs facing a straightforward game on paper against relegated Norwich on the final day of the season. Arsenal are in the market for forward players this summer and Dybala looks to be one of their top targets. With Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah both out of contract at the end of the season, Arteta may look to bring in multiple reinforcements up top. Manchester City's Gabriel Jesus is also a key target for the north London side. However, that deal may also rest on whether Arsenal do indeed finish in the top four. It was reported by CalcioMercato on Saturday that Dybala's agent was in London to discuss a possible move to the Premier League. DON'T MISSMan Utd stars 'totally flat' before season finale after being left 'annoyed' by Rangnick [REPORT]Man Utd target De Jong 'ready to snub £75m transfer' despite Ten Hag lure [RUMOUR]Steve McClaren’s stance on Marcus Rashford after secret Man Utd meeting with Erik ten Hag [REPORT]  The Italian outlet named only Arsenal as long-term admirers for the 28-year-old. Dybala joined Juventus from Palermo in 2015 and has made almost 300 appearances for the club, scoring 115 goals. He is set to be available on a free transfer once he leaves the Old Lady. Meanwhile, City are said to want a minimum of £42.4million for Jesus this summer, despite his contract at the Etihad expiring in just over a year's time. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 