Pest control expert at PriceYourJob.co.uk, Walter Murphy, said: "The best way to get rid of flies is by making sure your home is clean and free of any sugary substances, rotting meat or other waste. This will involve wiping down surfaces and emptying the bin as often as possible to prevent flies from lingering in your home. You can also use natural repellents, such as apple cider vinegar, to get rid of flies." However, there is a simple and very effective hack which only requires two household items. All people need is a sealable bag, water and a few coins. Fill the clear bag halfway with water. Add five or six coins to the bag, squeeze the excess air and close the seal. The bag should be ideally placed by a window. READ MORE: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘very effective’ way to get rid of ants  Why does this repel flies? Flies have what is known as compound vision, which means they see things differently. Flies will see the bag of water multiple times and as they hate water, this is an instant deterrent. The water and the pennies also create a prism that creates a rainbow of colours which hurts flies' eyes.  Mrs Hinch is an influencer who rose to fame after she started sharing her cleaning tips on social media. Now fans of the sensation share their best hacks on Facebook groups, where they recently recommended this trick to repel flies. Mrs Hinch Keira Millward explained: "Help! Flies! "I've moved into a house with a glass-roofed conservatory/extension, it's our first summer here so no previous experience but I'm getting sooooo many flies in and quite a few huge bees." Facebook user Laura Rusk, shared her advice: "Put a few pennies in a clear bag in water and hang it up.. (you need to change the water every now and then though). "Flies and wasps think it’s a wasps nest and stay away!" Laura Rusk said: "I did this today, I hung it in the centre of the french doors into the conservatory, I’ve only seen one fly today, well worth a try!" Megan Scott recommended: "I put a copper coin on the window sill/ door tread of all open doors. "No idea why it works but it definitely does!" TikTok user @alexandrasolera, who often shares useful hacks on the social media platform shared a video showing how to do it. She said: "Keeping flies and bees out of your house. It worked for us last year." User Pippa Bissett tried the trick after watching the TikTok video and said: "I do this and it does work. "Have to hang them in every window though."