Comedian Russell Kane has spoken to Express.co.uk about the Queen and her upcoming Platinum Jubilee, discussing the fact the 96-year-old pulled out of several recent public appearances. Russell said he believes she doesn’t want to be seen to be struggling to move around because it’s not “leaderlike”. “I don't know if you remember the Queen Mother, she wasn't seen in public towards the end, because she didn't like to be seen,” he said. “She wouldn't use a wheelchair and didn't want to be seen using a zimmer frame because she thought it was un-leaderlike and not regal. “I suspect Her Majesty has got a similar sort of [thing], it's not vanity, it's a PR-type thing. “You need to be seen as a strong leader, she's always so powerful, she probably doesn't want to be seen having mobility issues, in fact she has stated that. “So, I think she's picking and choosing her engagements so when she does an engagement she can boss it, pearls on, standing up and in style. “That would be my guess, rather than some hideous condition that we are not seeing.” He continued: “I think it's more that she's got these mobility issues, as she's allowed to, at her age, I suspect it's that. “At the end of the day, Charles and William are more than capable of picking up and running with it, they just did the Opening of Parliament last week, England didn't collapse - I like the way they left her chair empty though, that was such a power move!” Imitating the Princes’ posh voices, he quipped: “‘We're not going to sit in mummy's chair there, mummy's chair shall remain empty.'” A health update on the Queen issued by Buckingham Palace yesterday, read: "In a happy development, Her Majesty The Queen is attending today's event to mark the completion of the Elizabeth line. “Her Majesty was aware of the engagement and the organisers were informed of the possibility she may attend. Her Jubilee celebrations take place in two weeks’ time, as she celebrates 70 years on the throne." Self-confessed “royalist” Russell praised the Queen’s “true leadership qualities,” adding that she “doesn’t have to shout or make a fuss to lead”. “Loads of people can become leaders by force of their personality, but it's much harder to become a leader through what you don't say,” he said. “I just love British culture and all things about us. It wouldn't feel like Britain to not have [the Royal Family]. We are proud of it. “You can get yourself tied up in knots about inherited privilege, but there's a certain core crew that I do think should be there on the throne, I think they're amazing.” Russell also opened up on his feelings about cancel culture, claiming the only comedian who has truly been a victim of it is his “poor mate” Seann Walsh. Seann was heavily criticised after pictures emerged of him kissing Katya Jones during their Strictly Come Dancing partnership in 2018 - while she was still married to Neil Jones. “The last person who got seriously attempted to be cancelled and bullied was my poor mate Seann Walsh, and that was nothing to do with stand up whatsoever,” said Russell. . “It was because of a dance show which has got nothing to do with free speech and comedy. No one can ever name a comedian.” Russell has partnered with Nextdoor, the online community network, to help encourage people all over the UK to get together with their neighbours this June and celebrate the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee with a Big Jubilee Lunch. To find out Russell’s tips to avoid any awkward interactions when inviting neighbours to your royal celebrations, watch his latest sketch here.