Manchester United duo Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Eric Bailly 'have chances' to leave the club this summer, which could take the total number of departures to seven by the time next season comes around. That's according to Fabrizio Romano, who has made it clear that there is firm interest in both players now we are approaching the end of the campaign. Things haven't worked out for Wan-Bissaka following his £50million switch to Old Trafford from Crystal Palace in 2019 - despite being a regular under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. The arrival of Ralf Rangnick as interim boss saw Diogo Dalot installed as United's first-choice right-back, something that may impact Wan-Bissaka's future. Speaking on his YouTube channel, Romano confirmed that Crystal Palace were interested in re-signing their former academy starlet, while there is also interest in Bailly. United are already set to lose Jesse Lingard, Juan Mata, Edinson Cavani and Paul Pogba upon the expiry of their contracts. READ MORE: Virgil van Dijk details Jurgen Klopp's half-time message that inspired Liverpool comeback  Nemanja Matic has also opted to depart after five seasons with the club. Wholesale changes are expected at Old Trafford this summer but the list of potential exits is continuing to grow. Despite signing a new contract last April, Bailly has made just four appearances in the Premier League this season. He will now be handed the chance to move onto pastures new with AC Milan one of several clubs thought to be interested in a deal. DON'T MISSMan City chiefs sent Gabriel Jesus transfer message by Kevin De Bruyne as Arsenal eye dealEverton receive police request over Richarlison flare incident as FA 'pause' investigationVirgil van Dijk details Jurgen Klopp's half-time message that inspired Liverpool comeback  New manager Erik ten Hag is planning to hold meetings with all members of the current United squad to discuss their futures. The meetings are set to take place via Zoom as Ten Hag looks to get a feel for his new project. Furthermore, he will be keen to establish which players he will be able to call upon for the 2022/23 season. Wan-Bissaka is yet to decide whether he will leave United and it's been suggested that Ten Hag wants to keep him at Old Trafford. In addition to Crystal Palace, there is also interest from both Roma and Atletico Madrid in his services. United have already been linked with a host of players since Ten Hag was officially unveiled as the club's new boss. Ajax centre-back Jurrien Timber and Feyenoord full-back Tyrell Malacia are both believed to be under consideration. The United board could hand Ten Hag up to £200m to spend on transfers this summer and that includes the money received through player sales...