Drivers over 65 have hit back at suggestions a maximum age for motoring should be brought in. It comes as new figures emerged that there are more than 134,000 drivers over the age of 90 on the UK roads. According to the Older Drivers Task Force, there will be more than one million drivers over the age of 85 by 2025. The Task Force said it is “vital” that changes are made to “prepare for this demographic change”. But despite the calls, there are no official Government plans to go through with the proposal as of yet. Under the current law, once a driver reaches the age of 70 years old, they must renew their driving licence every three years. READ MORE: 'Potentially fatal' hypermiling techniques are 'not worth it' Reacting to the news, hundreds of Express.co.uk readers were outraged at the idea, with many pointing out young drivers are responsible for the majority of accidents. Some were also keen to point out that years of experience make for a much safer driver. While others underlined the fact that insurance costs drop the older the driver gets. One motorist, ‘Billy9660’ said: ”I've got one for you 70 percent of accidents are caused by under 35s, 20 percent by 35 to 65 and only 10 percent by those over 65, so if we get rid of the first 2 there would be 90 percent fewer accidents - simples.” DON'T MISSDrivers warned of huge fines and fire hazards from water bottles [WARNING]Millions of drivers at risk of £1,000 fine for simple MOT mistake [SHOCKING]Drivers face automatic £100 fines for ignoring smart motorway signs [NEW LAWS] ‘Fred Hendon’ agreed, writing: “Sounds like age discrimination to me. There are plenty of young drivers who shouldn't be on the road.” ‘Proud Scot’ added: “There is a very real and very unpleasant development in this country right now where the elderly are being picked on. “What with the over 75's losing the free TV licence, the loss of the increase in pensions, a general feeling that we're here to be shoved around as not wanted. “People need to realise what they're imposing on us, now, will eventually be imposed on themselves if they manage to reach old age too.” ‘RabidFerret’ wrote: “The danger on our roads is caused by YOUNG drivers under 25, AND by Cyclists who have zero training and zero accountability.| And ‘MomentousMo’ agreed, adding:” I have 52 years no claims and my husband has 62 years no claims. “We have both done the older person's driving course. We are no threat to anyone.” ‘UKTink’ pointed the finger at a different cross-section of drivers, writing: “If you want to see bad driving? Watch the driving near a school on the school run. They are the ones I would not allow on the road.” ‘Caribidus’ however had a different take, writing: “Age has nothing to do with this. It should be based on the ability and physical/mental ability to drive. End of.” ‘Stuart47’ added: “Look at the statistics and in what age group most accidents occur. “Before taking away older drivers' licences think about raising the age that people are allowed to drive. The statistics clearly demonstrate at which age most driving accidents occur. “If you are after safer roads let the oldies continue driving and restrict the age that you can drive until 30.” ‘Christopherchristoforou’ added: “Maybe keep drivers on a provisional licence until they are 20, even after passing their test, and make them retest if they have an accident, or get nicked for something.”