An Aquarius Moon transit often forces a favour of the intellectual and abstract over emotional issues, which often has pros and cons. The greater focus on logic this sign promotes can cool emotional temperatures, however, it can lead to brushing emotional situations aside leaving them to fester; which isn’t always helpful. The Moon continues it transit of Capricorn until 1.54pm, meaning the start of the day might feel more grounded, calm, and goal-oriented. However, when it enters Aquarius soon after, prepare to feel a little more idealistic and futuristic, which might help drive forward any of the goals you set earlier in the day. A Sun-Chiron semi-square is also due to take place, and this transit’s energies are always slightly awkward to deal with. Cafe Astrology said: “While we have a strong desire to learn and grow through our relationships and experiences, a lack of confidence or a fear of being different can hinder this urge. READ MORE: Brain scans could reveal Alzheimer's, claims study   “Still, we’re learning, perhaps getting a better understanding of our ambitions and goals, and becoming more aware of how they support or conflict with our need for independence and personal growth.” The Sun will enter Gemini later today, and it’ll remain in transit here until June 21. Knowledge and greater diversity will be a strong motivation under this influence, and you might feel you become more sociable, intellectual and curious. Cafe Astrology said: “We tend to scatter our energies due to this curiosity and awareness of all of our options.”  The Gemini star sign is known to represent duality and mediation. Although, while its traits are known to promote a higher sense of optimism, adaptability, observance and intelligence; these can also lead you to become more sceptical. Cafe Astrology said: “We gather information during the Sun-in-Gemini cycle, and we benefit from this transit’s objectivity. You might be more quick-witted, cheerful, and engaging under this “clever and crafty” influence.  DON'T MISS:Apollo 11 photos auctioned as NASA plots Moon return [PICTURES]Moon colonisation breakthrough as lunar soil used to grow cress [INSIGHT]How to get rid of garden weeds with ‘zero cost’ involved [EXPLAINED]    However, with all of the positive extractions from these traits, there are always downsides. You might find yourself drawn to gossip, being over rational and a bit of a know-it-all when a softer approach to situations might be more needed. Cafe Astrology said: “As we relay and process information, we could be living too much in our heads, disconnected from what’s in our hearts.” Either way, you should feel the Gemini-Sun shift, where emotions can be dealt with more objectively; communication and social events might feel more lively, and adaptability will become one of your strong points. 