All Creatures Great and Small continues to be a Channel 5 hit and the third season is due to air later in 2022. Samuel West stars as James Herriot's (played by Nicholas Ralph) boss Siegfried, who showed a more vulnerable side in the latest outing. Fans are keen to find out more about the TV actor's family, including his brother and sister. Acting has always been in Samuel's blood as he is the son of renowned TV stars Prunella Scales and Timothy West. The Random Quest star is also the grandson of actor Lockwood West, who died in 1989. Samuel has appeared alongside his parents in a number of films and he has shared the screen with his actor brother. Joseph West is one of Samuel's siblings and he starred alongside Samuel in the series Edward the Seventh. The pair played siblings as they were the sons of the title character, portrayed by their own father Timothy. READ MORE: What is Bargain Hunt expert Christina Trevanion's nationality? Joseph has also appeared alongside his father on Piers Morgan's Life Stories. The family featured in a couple of episodes of Great Canal Journeys on Channel 4. Samuel also has a half-sister, called Juliet, and he said he got his taste in music from her. Speaking to The Guardian in 2011, he said: "I got all my tastes in music from our half-sister, Juliet, who was into bands like Pink Floyd and Sparks. "She's my father's daughter from his first marriage and came to live with us on and off when I was eight. "She was 10 years older with a great succession of cool boyfriends. "She's a hairdresser now with two children in their 20s, and I don't see her nearly enough." He also opened up about his younger brother Joseph, saying how they had nannies to look after them when they were children. With both of their parents touring in plays for work, they became self-sufficient as siblings. He said: "We are very close because we have similar tastes and he still makes me laugh like no one else. I don't think we were nightmare children, but I was certainly fairly hyperactive and a bit precocious – so we were a handful. DON'T MISS... All Creatures Great and Small boss details real-life Siegfried Farnon [INSIGHT]All Creatures Great and Small's Samuel West gives verdict on Siegfried [INTERVIEW] All Creatures Great and Small's Samuel West on Siegfried and Mrs Hall [DISCUSSION] "Joe is a charming, beautiful person who was a bit less serious than me and I think he found all the discussions at home about acting rather boring." Joe decided to travel the country before moving to France, where he lived with his wife and children. As of 2011, he was working as a teacher and translator. Samuel returned to the spotlight as All Creatures Great and Small became a global success. The escapist series has gone down a hit in America and the star opened up about his relationship with his on-screen brother, Tristan (Callum Woodhouse). He told Masterpiece: "The first thing we did was approach the fact that we’re cast as brothers—and, I think, quite well cast as brothers—but Callum’s extremely young, and I’m very old. "He’s in his late 20s, and I’m in my nearly mid-50s. We eventually worked out that if I played Siegfried slightly younger, and he played Tristan a couple of years older, there could be 19 years between us, and we could still be brothers of the same parents, with him as very much an afterthought. "There’s a little bit of backstory here that was important to us because we wanted to believe it ourselves." In the series, the pair's father died when Tristan was quite small and he did not know him very well.  All Creatures Great and Small is available to watch on My5.