The popular CBS spin-off will return this Sunday for an exciting 300th mission for the NCIS agents. While both G Callen (played by Chris O’Donnell) and Sam Hanna (LL Cool J) make some important decisions of their own, NCIS: Los Angeles mainstays Marty Deeks (Eric Christian Olsen) and Kensi Blye (Daniela Ruah) drop a huge bombshell in the latest clip for the next episode. Deeks and Kensi could be one step further to adoption after their young houseguest Rosa (Natalia Del Riego) gets some devastating news about her parents. They first came across the young girl during a dangerous excursion across the Mexican border. Unfortunately, once in the United States, the two agents have found it impossible to track down her family from Guatemala. In the recent promo for this Sunday’s upcoming episode, Rosa’s search for her parents is struck a blow, and they realise she’s in very real danger of being deported. READ MORE: The Handmaid’s Tale season 5 theory: Serena Joy avenges Fred’s death “I knew it was too good to be true,” Rosa confesses to Kensi. Kensi encourages her: “No, Rosa, you are not going to give up. ‘Cause we certainly aren’t. “We are going to find a way, confía en mí [trust me].” In the background, Deeks starts to formulate a plan and suggests he and Kensi try everything they can to continue the search for Rosa’s family. “Okay, okay, alright,” he thinks. “So we file an appeal and we put a motion to reopen the case. We do a continuation that buys us time to find the evidence. Does that work?” Kensi agrees and adds: “We can certainly try, right?” “So how much time do we have before they report her?” Deeks asks a social worker on the scene. Sadly, she informs the couple: “Due to the number of migrants from her country, there are weekly deportation flights back to Guatemala.” DON'T MISS:Cobra Kai season 5 theory: Tori and Danny join forces [THEORY]Nick Knowles ‘walked off camera’ during emotional DIY SOS [INSIGHT]Dan Wootton rages at ‘woke’ FA who want Three Lions banned [OPINION] Deeks then fumes: “I’m sorry, what? Weekly? This is ridiculous, there has to be something else that we can do.” After struggling to get pregnant, Deeks and Kensi have been considering foster care or adoption for the past couple of years on NCIS: LA. Although Rosa may be slightly older than fans were expecting, her dire situation and the threat of deportation forces them to make a split-second decision. “We don’t really have any options,” Deeks reminds Kensi. “They can deport her within the week." After a moment's thought, the two agents ask in unison: “What if we adopt her?” As the clip cuts off at this pivotal point in the scene, the social worker may be about to let them down by telling them why adoption wouldn’t be possible. However, both Deeks and Kensi have clearly developed a close bond with Rosa over the last few months, and fans are certainly ready for the agents to take the plunge into parenthood. NCIS: Los Angeles season 13 continues Sundays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.