It comes as defence chiefs reveal that two female recruits will take part in the Special Forces selection process over the summer. If they pass, they will make history as the first women entitled to wear the iconic Who Dares Wins winged dagger cap badge on a full-time basis. The pair, who serve as regular soldiers, have passed the SAS reserve course, covering the same training that in July 2013 cost three male soldiers their lives from heat exhaustion. Aged in their late 20s, both hopefuls have served in Afghanistan, one with an infantry battalion and the other in a specialist corps. They will join 145 candidates in a gruelling four-week selection process in which their mental and physical ability will be tested across the mountains of south Wales and the Pontrilas training area in Herefordshire. The first week will be spent on tests ranging from map reading and swimming to other "sickeners" - seemingly never-ending physical challenges - as instructors weed out the weaker candidates. Weeks two and three will see the recruits navigating at night carrying heavy backpacks across long distances in the Brecon Beacons. They will face an arduous four-day escape and evasion exercise in which they will be caught and interrogated. Test week will culminate in a series of events designed to push each volunteer to the limit, including the "high walk" - a timed march with full kit and rifle across Pen y Fan mountain. After little sleep, a final endurance march of 40 miles must be completed within a set time, with the weight carried increased to 60lb. It is here many candidates fail. Although women have been able to serve with the SAS after transferring from covert surveillance units since 2018, none has passed the selection process to become a fully-fledged member.  During the 1970s, female soldiers served alongside SAS units in Northern Ireland, and for the past decade, the adjutant at the SAS headquarters has been a female captain. In 2008, Cpl Sarah Bryant, of the Intelligence Corps, was working alongside the regiment when she became the first British servicewoman killed in the Afghanistan campaign after the Land Rover she was in was blown up by an IED near the city of Lashkar Gah. In 2020, Captain Rosie Wild was the first female to pass the Parachute Regiment's gruelling all arms preparachute selection. And last year Hannah Knapton made history as the first woman to join the Paras direct from Sandhurst. A senior military source said: "If a woman wants to join the SAS why shouldn't she? The regiment needs intelligent, fit individuals who can think fast and make good decisions in difficult circumstances." 