Depending on how much laundry you get through a week, your iron might be one of your most-used household appliances. Yet, when it comes to cleaning, the iron can often fall to the wayside. According to Good Housekeeping, most manufacturers recommend cleaning your iron "every one to four months depending on how much you use it." Luckily, you don't need to spend lots of money on specialist cleaning products in order to get your iron looking and working its best. In fact, baking soda can be used to scrub away a build-up of dirt and grime on your iron soleplate. The iron soleplate is the area which will likely need the most attention when it comes to cleaning. READ MORE: Cleaning: ‘Cheapest’ way to clean washing machine seals - ‘amazing!’ The soleplate is the flat bottom part of the iron that comes into contact with your clothes while ironing. Often this is made from stainless steel or ceramic. You can often see when the soleplate is in need of a clean, as it can become marked and discoloured. In some cases, this discolouration can transfer to your clothes and leave marks behind, which is why it is so important to clean. Furthermore, regularly cleaning your soleplate can increase your iron's efficiency and require less energy to eliminate creases from your garments. DON'T MISSCleaning: ‘Most effective’ way to clean washing machine drawers [COMMENT]Paint expert shares number one colour to avoid painting your walls [REVEALED]Cleaning: How to keep bath towels soft - ‘cheap and amazing’ way [INSIGHT] According to experts from Handy.com, baking soda is "a great way to dissolve any gunk that made itself at home on your iron." In order to use baking soda, you simply need to mix it with a little bit of water to create a paste. Next, rub this paste onto the iron soleplate, making sure to cover any heavily marked areas. Use a soft brush or towel to scrub the surface. Then, use fresh water to wipe away any leftover residue. The experts add: "Make sure the paste is completely wiped away and let the iron dry before use." Baking soda, also known as bicarbonate of soda, is hailed as an organic, multipurpose cleaning agent for surfaces around the home. As baking soda is alkaline, it is able to dissolve any build-ups of dirt and grime. The mineral structure of each baking soda particle provides a gentle abrasive to clean without leaving harsh scratches behind.