The Duke of Cambridge visited The Royal Marsden Cancer Charity on Tuesday morning. Donning a face mask and a blue suit, Prince William appeared in high spirits as he spoke to staff to learn more about some of the treatments the charity's cancer hospital is pioneering. Speaking about the visit, royal editor Rebecca English tweeted: "The Duke of Cambridge is visiting @royalmarsden today in his role as its president, seeing some of the innovative treatments the world-famous cancer hospital is pioneering." During the engagement, the royal even changed into scrubs and entered an operation room to watch a revolutionary robot-guided microwave ablation. This visit comes only a few days after Prince William visited Dame Deborah James, a writer and podcaster who has candidly documented her five-year-long fight against a stage four bowel cancer. Prior to this visit, Dame Deborah had announced to her Instagram followers she had been moved to hospice at home care. In her heartbreaking message, the podcaster revealed one of her wishes before dying has always been to raise "as much awareness and money for the charities that are closest to me". Launching the Bowel Babe Fund, the name of which was inspired by Dame Deborah's social media nickname Bowel Babe, the former deputy headteacher said the donations would go to a number of charities - including Royal Marsden, where she received treatment. Within hours from the Fund's launch, donations had already reached the initial goal, set at £250,000. Within three days, donations had surpassed the £3.5million milestone and to date the Just Giving page linked to the Fund shows to have received more than £6.5m. READ MORE: Kate and William 'nightmare' for Harry and Meghan Shortly after Dame Deborah shared her message, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge said to have been touched by the writer's post. They wrote on Twitter: "Every now and then, someone captures the heart of the nation with their zest for life & tenacious desire to give back to society. "@bowelbabe is one of those special people. "Her tireless efforts to raise awareness of bowel cancer & end the stigma of treatment are inspiring. "We are so sad to hear her recent update but pleased to support the @bowelbabef, which will benefit the @royalmarsdenNHS among others. "Deborah, our thoughts are with you, your family and your friends. "Thank you for giving hope to so many who are living with cancer." The royals also made a private donation to the Fund. A few days later, after the Duke had been urged to push in favour of marking the podcaster's efforts with an honour, it was announced the Queen had agreed on investing the fundraiser with a damehood. Prince William himself delivered the honour to the newly-appointed Dame and discussed, as president of Royal Marsden, how could oncology outcomes be improved. Dame Deborah wrote on Instagram following the royal visit: "Prince William actually came to our family house today!! "I am utterly honoured that he joined us for afternoon tea and champagne, where he not only spent a generous amount of time talking to my whole family but also honoured me with my Damehood.  "It’s quite surreal having a royal pop in at home, and yes you can imagine the cleaning antics and preparation went off the scale - but it was all irrelevant because William was so kind and he put us all at ease. "He is clearly passionate about improving oncology outcomes as the President of the Royal Marsden. "It was such a special day for my whole family, making memories to last a life time. He’s welcome back any time!"