Brett Downes, 41, first switched bank accounts when he was just 18 because he wanted the option of paying by card in shops. The entrepreneur, who now runs a digital marketing company called Haro Helpers said it’s a simple and straightforward way to make free cash. Thrifty Brits have been telling Express.co.uk what they have been doing to make money to help others through the cost of living crisis. One simple money making tip which is often spoken about is switching bank accounts. However, more than a third of British bank customers (35 percent) still have the same bank account they opened when they were a child, according to Raisin UK. This is despite the fact that it definitely does not pay to remain loyal. READ MORE: Premium Bonds: NS&I's May millionaire prize draw is days away When it comes to managing money and balancing budgets, Brett Downes certainly knows a thing or two. Not only does he run his own company by day, but he’s clearly on top of his finances when he gets home too. Mr Downes first switched bank accounts when he was 18-years-old because he wanted to pay by card. He told Express.co.uk: “I opened my account with Abbey National, now Santander, and I changed at 18 as there were a lot more options open to me.” DON'T MISS:Nationwide increases interest rates on savings accounts [UPDATE]State pension alert as many ‘fearful’ sum will be axed altogether [WARNING]State pension may be received early with payment today - why? [ALERT]    Mr Downes continued: “The original account earned 1p interest every month. “I switched to Halifax as they had Electron and I could pay in shops with my card instead of withdrawing cash from the banks all the time.” Since then he’s switched at least once a year and does the same with credit card companies, transferring his balance to benefit from new member deals. Although he’s never had an issue when switching, he does warn others that it can have a small impact on one’s credit score. The entrepreneur explained: “My credit rating, in the beginning, was taking a dip as I had too many bank accounts and credit cards. “I ended up solving this by closing down ones I didn’t use and sticking to one at a time” Another man, 33-year-old Will Hatton who lives in Exeter says he has also made thousands from being a ‘serial switcher’. He told Express.co.uk that it’s not just about the money, advising people to evaluate what else is important from the interest rate available, through to customer service. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Kevin Mountford, savings expert and co-founder of Raisin UK said: “If you do switch bank accounts you will see that often, loyalty doesn’t pay. "In fact, it is the opposite! “Banks want to attract new customers, so naturally, new joiners are likely to get the best deals. “Although you may be tempted to stay with your lifelong account, often because you don’t want the hassle off having to look for a new account - browsing new opportunities for banking is going to give you far better returns in the long run.” 