There is a widely held belief among supplement users that the pills are free from danger, but many contain active ingredients that have marked biological effects on the body. What's more, launching the pills onto the market requires no approval from health authorities. This can render their regulation problematic, as it is down to distributors to evaluate the safety and labelling of their products. Failure to comply with such regulations, however, could result in legal action from the FDA. The FDA issued a warning earlier this month, over several companies selling supplements containing concerning ingredients. The agency alerted that a group of supplements containing new dietary ingredients (NDIs) have not been properly reviewed by the body. A statement on the Agency’s official website reads: “The U.S. Food and Drug Administration posted warning letters to multiple companies for selling adulterated dietary supplements that contain, in some cases, new dietary ingredients (NDIs) for which the FDA has not received the pre-required premarket NDI notifications and, in others, unsafe food additives. “Some of the identified dietary supplements are also drugs, despite lacking approval, because they are intended for use in the cure, mitigation, treatment, or prevention of disease. READ MORE: Supplements: The digestive issues that can arise from taking too much vitamin C “These products could potentially harm consumers. “The dietary supplements sold by the companies […] contain one or more of the following ingredients: 5-alpha-hydroxy-laxogenin, higenamine HCI, hordenine, hordenine HCI, and octopamine. “The agency has previously expressed concern about the severity of these ingredients for reasons including, for example, the potential adverse effect of higenamine on the cardiovascular system.” Higenamine compounds are some of the main chemicals in a plant called aconite, which is notorious for its heart-related side effects. Taken at high doses, the plant derivative is known to cause irregular heartbeat and even death, according to WebMD. It affects the vital organ by increasing its ejection fraction - the amount of blood pumped out at each contraction - which is deemed helpful in endurance training. This is why the supplement ingredient, found in the lotus flower, is generally marketed as a ‘fat-burner’. Preliminary research, however, shows that the plant fails to increase heart rate in a way that has training benefits or therapeutic effects. In 2019, a study conducted by researchers at Harvard University and the National Science Foundation raised concerns over high concentrations of the compounds found in supplements. The findings, published in the journal of Clinical Toxicology, found that some supplements contain more than 200 percent of the stimulant than stated on their labels. Speaking to the Inverse, Pieter Cohen, Ph.D of Harvard Medical School, said a great number of people are unaware of the plant derivative's toxic effects. He continued: “We found that the consumer has no way of figuring out how much higenamine is in the supplement other than a label and the levels were widely variable. “So in other words, even if we had the research to demonstrate that higenamine works, there would be no way to replicate that with the supplements sold in the US because of the lack of information about what's actually in them.” The agency said it had requested responses from the companies concerned, stating how they will address the issue, within 15 working days. It has also asked the bodies to produce reasoning and supporting information detailing why they believe their products do not violate the law. “Failure to adequately address this matter may result in legal action, including product seizure and/ or injunction,” warned the agency. Although scientists are aware that taking high amounts of higenamine is dangerous, a prevailing issue is an uncertainty around dosage safety.