Jackdaws are known for abruptly filling the air in their thousands during winter mornings. Researchers have found that they apparently choose to do so by way of a democratic vote - but one that may be ruined by human interference. Each jackdaw calls out to signal they want to leave.  Then, only when the noise reaches a certain critical level, do the birds take off. Alex Thornton, professor of cognitive evolution at University of Exeter, said it was a great insight into how animals make decisions as a group. He told the BBC: "When a bird calls, it's casting a vote or signalling it wants to leave." After that, whether the vote is carried or not depends on two factors. The first is the overall volume of the noise, while the second is the crescendo - how rapidly the noise increases.  When a consensus is reached, the thousands-strong roost launches within an average of five seconds. However, they will leave more quickly if the noise levels rise more rapidly. Roosts totalling 40,000 jackdaws in Norfolk were observed leaving trees en masse. Leaving together helps protect the birds from predators. Prof Thornton also suggested it it useful for “information sharing”. He said: "If you're flying off altogether, you might notice that another individual is particularly well-fed or you can tell from their calls that they've eaten.  READ MORE: Scientists baffled as images reveal mysterious 'continent-sized' blobs [REVEAL] “You might realise that's a bird worth following to find a good place for a meal.” Scientists made the discovery of avian democracy by attaching audio recorders to the trees where jackdaws roost in Cornwall over two winters. Masters student Alex Dibner led the researchers, who analysed the sounds and compared the noise to times at take off. To test their findings, the scientists played back recordings at jackdaws and observed that the roosts responded to the sounds, departing six minutes earlier on average. Meanwhile, when wind noises were played, the jackdaws did not leave, suggesting they responded to the call of their fellow birds - not simply noise disturbance.  While other birds may behave similarly, scientists have yet to study them in detail. However, the research does contain an important message for the effect humans may inadvertently have on the animal kingdom. Noise and light pollution may interfere with the ability of animals to communicate. Prof Thornton said: "Imagine a big roost near a town or busy road. If the birds can't hear and can't form a consensus to leave together, it could have big impacts on their population.” 