Backbencher Brexiteers want the North East Somerset MP to do more to rip up bureaucratic EU rules imposed on Britain when the UK was a part of the bloc. One even compared him to Jim Hacker, the notoriously incompetent central charter in the hit 1980s comedy Yes Minister. Mr Rees-Mogg was appointed to the Brexit Opportunities brief in February in order to One MP told Express.co.uk: "He's a bit like Jim Hacker as minister for administrative affairs. "We've got Brexit done but we now need to see the benefits of it." The fictional Birmingham East MP was well known for his failure to ever implement anything in the face of civil service opposition. READ MORE ON OUR BREXIT LIVE BLOG Sources close to Mr Rees-Mogg say work is underway on plans to show the benefits of leaving the EU and that the plans will come to fruition later this year. Another Conservative MP admitted frustration that plans on how to eradicate unnecessary red tape from Brussels were handed to No10 last June with little progress since then. Tory grandee Sir Iain Duncan Smith led a the Taskforce on Innovation, Growth and Regulatory Reform commissioned by the Prime Minister to look at how to "seize new opportunities from Brexit with its newfound regulatory freedom". Compromised of Sir Ian along with MPs Theresa Villiers and George Freeman, the Taskforce were asked to "identify and develop proposals across a range of areas that will drive innovation, growth and competitiveness through regulatory reform". They put forward more than 100 proposals that they believed would “unlock” more than £100billion of investment in small businesses and high-growth tech firms in Britain. Nearly a year on none of the suggestions have yet been put into action. DON'T MISS:Truss speaks out after 'outrageous' US comment [REACTION]EU plot to strangle Britain and create 'all-Ireland economy' [INSIGHT]'There's a gun on the table' EU 'very anxious' as Brexit tensions rise [UPDATE] The Government says it remains committed to scrapping unnecessary retain EU law. In the Queen's Speech earlier this month, a pledge was made to introduce a Brexit Freedoms Bill in the coming months to ditch Brussels rules. The legislation would make it easier for ministers to amend or remove laws required when Britain was a part of the EU that remain on the UK statute book. First Pledging the legislation in January, Boris Johnson said the Bill would "further unleash the benefits of Brexit and ensure that businesses can spend more of their money investing, innovating and creating jobs". He added: "Our new Brexit Freedoms Bill will end the special status of EU law in our legal framework and ensure that we can more easily amend or remove outdated EU law in future." Attorney General Suella Braverman added: "Setting up a mechanism to deal with these legacy EU rules is essential. "It underpins our ability to grasp important opportunities provided by Brexit. "It means we can move away from outdated EU laws that were the result of unsatisfactory compromises within the EU, some of which the UK voted and lobbied against – but was required to adopt without question."