Roger Federer could be about to make a Hollywood return to Wimbledon. The Swiss is hoping to play at SW19 and is on track to make his comeback in September at the Laver Cup after 12 months of injury woes. While it’s unlikely he’ll make it to the capital in time for this year’s showpiece tournament, it represents exciting news for the tennis world nonetheless. Federer’s agent has revealed the Swiss maestro is on track to return to tennis this year. And, what’s more, he wants to play at Wimbledon again. Tony Godsick, speaking to The Evening Standard, said: “He’s exactly where he wants to be but unfortunately it takes time. He’s going to play Laver Cup and Swiss Indoors. “Could he add a tournament before then? Maybe yes but more likely after that. “He doesn’t want to commit to anything too soon before having to pull out. But the Laver Cup is enough time that, if all goes well with rehab events, he can get back for.” When quizzed on Wimbledon specifically, he then added: “He won’t rush back this time. “He will have to be 100 per cent and know he’s 100 per cent and that’s why he’s taking his time doing heavy rehab and training. “It’s not just when the knee feels good but building up the muscles and getting lungs back. I know he’s encouraged where he is. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “I don’t want to be the doctor but what I hope for him is to able to have a great rehab this summer, play some in the fall and give a nice shot at 2023, and then see what happens. I haven’t talked to him about that. “It was a great effort last year on one leg. And I think he’d like another Wimbledon. “That place has been incredibly special to him.” If Federer does play at Wimbledon in 2023, it will be the stuff of fairytale given he’ll be approaching his 42nd birthday. So, with that being the case, it’s time to wind the clock back. Back in August, Federer revealed he’d suffered another injury setback that would require surgery. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here He said he’d be ‘on crutches for many weeks and then also out of the game for many months.’ Then, in September last year, Federer spoke out after undergoing a third operation on his knee - insisting his rehab was going ‘really good’. “I am recovering well, rehab is going really good I must say, I’ve had no setbacks every day is a better day,” he stated. “I’m feeling strong and excited for what is to come. “I experienced it last year and I was surprised how easy for me to go through the rehab process because I know it’s not the easiest thing to do. “I wish I could be back on a tennis court as quick as possible, but I have to be patient and it’s a slower period right now. I’ve got to take it step-by-step, so far, so good, I am very happy.” In November, Federer said he’d be ‘surprised’ if he played at Wimbledon. “The truth is I would be surprised to play Wimbledon, so Australia does not even come into play,” he stated. “And that is not a surprise. We knew before that an operation of this nature would require a long break. So there is nothing new. “But I wanted to wait for the doctors’ first major check-up to talk about it – and it was very encouraging. “So I have started a long process of rehabilitation into which I am putting all my heart… You have to be patient to give my knee time to recover to 100 per cent.” His most recent update was in March. And Federer said he felt ‘much better’, saying at the time: "It's fine. Much better, obviously I was on crutches for two months so you have to start from the bottom. "It was certainly the right thing to do, the knee wasn't right after Wimbledon (last year), so it couldn't go on. "Currently I'm in three parts. First the whole rehab, getting back on your feet at the beginning. Then afterwards learning to walk and building up the whole thing. "It's only now where I'm at the phase where I can start thinking about my comeback. I had a very good MRI a few weeks ago, which makes me feel very positive." Now, fans can pray Federer returns to Wimbledon. All signs suggest that’s possible and, given his stunning career, another Grand Slam can’t be ruled out - even if it remains extremely unlikely.