Ronnie Hawkins, who mentored The Band, died on Sunday aged 87. His wife, Wanda Hawkins, confirmed the news of his death. Speaking to the Canadian Press, she said: “He went peacefully and he looked as handsome as ever." Though he was born in Arkansas, Ronnie called Canada home for most of his career and was considered a formative influence on the evolution of the country’s rock scene thanks to his passion for Southern blues music. Tributes have since poured in for the legendary musician as people took to social media and offered messages of condolence. In a tribute to Ronnie on Sunday, the Band’s Robbie Robertson said the musician had taught him and his bandmates “the rules of the road”. READ MORE: Meghan Markle sparks divide as Garbage fume at 'obscene' visit  “He was not only a great artist, tremendous performer and bandleader, but had a style of humor unequaled,” Robbie said in a statement posted on Twitter. “Fall down funny and completely unique. Yep, God only made one of those. And he will live in our hearts for ever. My deepest condolences to his family.” Eric Alper penned: "Ronnie Hawkins, the single most important rock and roller in the history of Canada, has passed away at age 87. The Band, Dale Hawkins, Bob Dylan and thousands of others wouldn't be the same without him. Music wouldn't be the same. He will be deeply missed, and thank you, Hawk." Jeanne Beker wrote: "Ronnie Hawkins: Thank you for changing my life when you invited me to dance onstage at the 1969 Toronto Pop Festival. You helped fuel my teenage dreams and showed me what true legends are made of. Forever in my heart."  Twitter user Charles P commented: "The Hawk has flown. RIP to one of the greatest talent scouts in music history. 'Son, you won't make much money...'" Manuel Archive remarked: "Rest easy, Ronnie Hawkins. One of the earliest people to recognize the magic of Richard Manuel’s voice, and the one to set him and the rest of The Band on their path to creating a musical legacy unlike any other. A true icon in his own right." Burton Cummings added: "Very sad to hear that Ronnie Hawkins has passed away...it was virtually impossible ever to find anyone who didn't like Ronnie...I spent some great times with him, listening to his stories and experiences...he could always make you howl with laughter." Born in Huntsville, Arkansas on 10 January 1935 (two days after the birth of Elvis Presley), Ronnie was a born showman and quickly earned a reputation as a hellraiser on the burgeoning rock’n’roll circuit of the 1950s. Nicknamed “The Hawk”, he had minor hits with Mary Lou and Odessa and ran a club in Fayetteville, Arkansas, where acts included such early rock stars as Carl Perkins, Jerry Lee Lewis and Conway Twitty. The musician later nicknamed himself “The King of Rockabilly” and “Mr. Dynamo”, and he did have an eye for talent. He first performed in Canada in the late 50s and realised he would stand out far more in a country where homegrown rock still barely existed. Canadian musicians had often moved to the US to advance their careers, but Ronnie was the rare American to try the reverse.