David (played by Jason Durr) and Ollie (Harry Collett) have always had a complicated relationship on Casualty, with the father and son duo constantly working through barriers which arise. Rosa Cadenas (Jacey Salles) seemed she was going to be the person to change all of this when she got married to the nurse on the BBC medical drama and she became a surrogate mother to his son. However, with Rosa no longer in the picture, it seems her absence has been causing Ollie a lot of heartache. It seems there is one solution to the problem on the television programme but it could possibly leave David all on his own. The drama begins in Saturday night's episode as Ollie's bullying ordeal continues as he seems to have fallen in with the wrong crowd. In last week's episodes, the teenager was manipulated into taking some gas and air from a loaded canister stolen from an ambulance. Unfortunately, this led to the youngster being admitted to the Emergency Department and when his father looked for answers, he didn't get any. However, when Ollie is humiliated in front of the entire school in upcoming scenes, his friend decides to take action and damages the bully's car. Although David's son is appreciative, his mood suddenly turns to panic when he and his friend are chased by a police officer. READ MORE: Outlander theory: Jamie Fraser ghost explained in fortune teller clue As they make a run from the crime scene, Ollie's friend falls and injures his leg, meaning it's another trip to the hospital for David's son. The nurse is less than impressed to see his son in the Emergency Department as he is struggling since Rosa left the picture. With the teenager determined to keep his mouth shut, the father of one turns to the friend for some help about what's going on with Ollie. David gets a huge shock when he learns the reason his son is hitting out is because he misses having Rosa around as she was his mother in his eyes. Talking the revelation through with his colleague, Faith Cadogan (Kirsty Mitchell), the nurse explains his son blames him for Rosa leaving. Knowing he needs to make contact with Rosa, David makes the call but whether or not she is willing to listen to him is another matter altogether. If she decides she wants to hear the nurse out, she could tell him there is no way she is going to be coming back to Holby. With this in mind, David could offer up another solution; Ollie goes and lives with Rosa for a bit until he feels more settled. Taking him out of Holby would stop the bullying and allow the teenager to get some space from his father, who doesn't seem to have understood the problem at hand. Although he doesn't want to say goodbye to his son, David could be forced to let him go as the youngster makes his exit from the show. DON'T MISS...Casualty legend Amanda Mealing on 'chaotic' Coronation Street job [COMMENT]Casualty's Amanda Mealing blames Queen for Coronation Street chaos [COMMENT]Casualty's Amanda Mealing reacts to show news as fans call for return [COMMENT] However, could a future storyline see him return alongside Rosa as the pair decide they want to be a family with David again? Earlier this year, series producer Loretta Preece teased there were going to be many storylines for viewers to get their teeth stuck into over the Spring months. One of these plots was to focus on David's relationship with his son and whether another challenge would bring them closer together or tear them apart. The show boss said: "It's going to be a roller coaster ride in Holby hospital this spring." But was she hinting at an exit for Ollie's character after more than eight years of featuring in storylines with his father? The actor who plays David, Jason, has spoken out in the past about his character's relationship with Ollie and how despite their troubles, they have always worked through them together. Jason explained: "David and Ollie have both had their issues in the past. The fact that Ollie had to go off to live in Spain with his mum means David didn’t have a day-to-day relationship with him. "David has missed a lot of Ollie’s childhood – not through any fault of his own, just that his ex-wife, Roslene lived in a different country. "And that, by definition has made things difficult. David wants to be with his son and that’s absolutely at the forefront of his mind and top of his list." However, Jason admitted his character does sometimes put his work ahead of his son, meaning he misses out on the signs Ollie is missing Rosa. Jason added: "But working in a hospital can make it very difficult. "Being a single dad and trying to get their relationship working again comes with pitfalls. Because David’s working in a hospital he has everybody else to look after as well. "Inevitably that causes friction and conflict, but hopefully they’ll find a way through it," he said in an interview with What To Watch. However, will the father and son duo be able to get through this latest barrier or will it be the one to pull them apart forever? Casualty continues tonight at 8:50pm on BBC One.