Amber Heard, 36, has alleged that Johnny Depp, 58, hit her in the head with a mobile phone after he accused her friends of leaving poo in his bed. The actress resumed giving evidence in court yesterday after a week-long break in the defamation trial. During the trial, Amber has alleged that throughout their relationship, Johnny has physically and sexually assaulted her. The Pirates of the Caribbean star has denied his ex-wife's accusations. Today, Amber spoke about an alleged incident in May 2016, one month after the two hadn’t seen each other. She says that at the time, the marriage was over and “falling apart in front of our eyes”. READ MORE: David Birney dead: Bridget Loves Bernie star dies aged 83 The star said that Johnny’s mum had just died, and, wanting to see her, he came and visited her in her LA home. Amber explained that at first, the situation was “relatively peaceful”. She further claimed that Johnny was “inebriated” but not “incoherent”. The actress then stated that Johnny started talking “about the faeces again”, saying one of her friends had left it in his bed, which she went on to deny. "Our marriage was over, falling apart in front of our eyes, his mum had just passed. “I couldn't believe he wanted to talk about faeces", she added. Amber then called a friend who Johnny accused of leaving the faeces, and then reportedly went on to scream at Amber “at the top of his lungs” and insult her. The friend, who was on speakerphone, then reminded Amber she “wasn’t safe” and told her to leave the house several times, the actress told the court. DON'T MISS... Janette Manrara's injury fear addressed after hospital dash[LATEST]Lily James puts on jaw-dropping display in see-through Met Gala gown[PICTURES]Vanessa Hudgens risks wardrobe malfunction at Met Gala 2022[RED CARPET] Hearing this from the top of the stairs, Johnny “bolted” down and started “screaming”, calling the friend “every imaginable name you can call and LGBTQI person". Amber continued: “When he was done he said 'you want to have my woman, you want to have my b***h? You take her, you can have her’. “With that he pulls his arm back with my phone and throws it at my face, hit me, it felt like my eyes." Amber then claimed that Johnny was “yanking” her around the room. At the time, her friend Raquelle then walked in and saw the two of them. The Aquaman star then told the court that Raquelle had interjected, saying “Johnny, no”. Amber claimed her friend then put her arms around the actress when Johnny “barrelled towards” her. She said that Johnny screamed “Amber get the f*** up” about ten times.