If you've got a half decent PC and want something new to play, then you should head over to the Epic Games Store. As part of its attempts to pry customers away from Steam, Epic continues to give away at least one game a week. This week's free game giveaway is the excellent Borderlands 3, which is available to download and keep until 3.59pm BST on May 26. If you want to take advantage of the free game giveaway, simply head over to the Epic Games Store and either login or create an account. Once you're set up, you can visit the Borderlands 3 store page and redeem the looter shooter for free. One of the funniest and most action-packed games around, Borderlands 3 sees players take on twin bandits in a huge semi open-world setting. "The original shooter-looter returns, packing bazillions of guns and an all-new mayhem-fuelled adventure!" reads the official description. "Blast through new worlds and enemies as one of four brand new Vault Hunters – the ultimate treasure-seeking badasses of the Borderlands, each with deep skill trees, abilities and customisation. "Play solo or join with friends to take on insane enemies, score loads of loot and save your home from the most ruthless cult leaders in the galaxy." Borderlands 3 will be replaced by a mystery game at 4pm BST on May 26, so check back then for more information. If that wasn't enough, Epic has also launched its latest Mega Sale on PC. The sale features dozens of blockbuster games and indie gems, including Tiny Tina's Wonderlands, Ghostwire Tokyo and Far Cry 6. That's on top of lesser-known releases like Weird West, NORCO, Inscryption, Rogue Legacy 2, Paradise Killer, Dread Templar and UnMetal. There are some incredible bargains to be found, such as Disco Elysium for £12.24, XCOM 2 for £3.49, the original Rogue Legacy for £2.99, and Nioh: The Complete Edition for just £9.99! Furthermore, customers can redeem a 25% discount code, which can be used on purchases priced at £13.99 or more. The sale runs from now until June 16, so there's plenty of time to make some savings.