Many viewers felt the BBC Breakfast interview should have tackled a wider range of more pressing issues for the United Kingdom as a whole, and took to Twitter to criticise Dan Walker’s easy questions as he questioned First Minister Nicola Sturgeon. Some even argued the broadcaster did not "show neutrality" and branded the interview "very poor". BBC viewers were left disappointed when the morning presenter seemed to go easy on Sturgeon during their conversation on Monday morning. After speaking to Labour and Conservative MPs throughout the show, Walker accused Sturgeon’s policies of being “out of touch” for focusing so heavily on another referendum. “You have no plans for local government because you’re ‘tired and out of touch,'” Walker relayed. “How do you answer that allegation?” Sturgeon responded: “The people of Scotland will get the opportunity to answer that on Thursday, and I take nothing for granted. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Ethan Anderson to leave village as he's sacked “Labour and the Conservatives, by their own admission, in Scotland are in a scrap for second place in this election, so I’ll leave them to that. “My responsibility every day, as it has been particularly through the last two years of the pandemic, is to lead Scotland through the circumstances we’re in. “That, at the moment, is very much about the cost of living. The cost of living crisis has been absolutely at the heart of my party’s local election campaign.” Although Sturgeon reiterated the SNP were committed to addressing the cost of living crisis, viewers didn’t think she was specific enough about her party’s plans beyond independence. On Twitter, Shirley Telford wrote: “Watched Nicola Sturgeon being interviewed on breakfast TV. Why were there no questions about the failings of SNP? “Deaths in care homes, education shambles, all the missing money! I expect some neutrality when watching BBC but this turned into the Ms Sturgeon show!” And @RealMitchell1 fumed: “What a very poor so-called interview just now on BBC Breakfast with N Sturgeon. “Where was the aggressive stance unusually taken for any Tory interview? They allowed her to go on and on Boris bashing, preening herself up etc with no check. It tells you all you need to know.” Walker’s line of questioning also included misogyny within UK politics and her track record of blaming Prime Minister Boris Johnson for issues beyond Scotland’s control. DON'T MISS:NCIS LA Devin and Fatima in life-threatening explosion [VIDEO]Selling Sunset’s Christine Quinn ‘quits Oppenheim Group’ [LATEST]Grace and Frankie ending: Dolly Parton's cameo in finale explained [INSIGHT] Robert Ward argued: “BBC have a section on Thursday's elections for local Councils, and the breakfast TV journalist feeds Nicola Sturgeon an easy question allowing her to blather on about independence. These are local Council elections.” However Jane Samuels argued: “Cost of living crisis - Strong BBC Breakfast interview with Nicola Sturgeon. “She explains Scotland’s child payment gives low income families £20.00 a child each week who are under six years - but not in England. She tells BBC Boris Johnson is “out of touch” #MayElections.” Michael Kitchener wrote: “Watching Dan Walker interview Nicola Sturgeon and it’s actually boring how much she just blames Westminster for everything! “Nothing she says has any substance. Why on earth do Scottish people want her to lead their country?” Although Andrew Dalgleish retorted: “Because she is correct, Westminster has all the power and yet we are facing the worst cost of living crisis in living memory. “Only an idiot would think Westminster works for anybody but the richest.” Sturgeon signed off the interview amicably by addressing misogyny in modern politics, suggesting men’s behaviour should be addressed to ensure Westminster is representative and diverse. BBC Breakfast airs weekdays from 6am on BBC One.