Legal framework proposed by researchers at the University of Warwick lays out how future micromobility vehicles such as eScooters could be designed and operated in the UK by mid-2023. New standards would require manufacturers to develop safer and better quality vehicles and adhere to specific standards and regulations for each vehicle type. Through the proposals, a new vehicle category - “Powered Micro Vehicles” - would be created. This would run alongside three initial vehicle types in the category: E-scooter, Light Electric Cargo Vehicle and Electric Light Moped. WMG researchers at the University of Warwick, with support from Cenex, have published “Micromobility, a UK roadmap”. All vehicles would need to be registered and visually identifiable with plans to include daytime running lights, a sound emitter and indicators to improve visibility for current road users. READ MORE: Major warning as councils look to ban motorhomes from popular areas E-scooters would not be allowed to be used on the pavement in any circumstances, and instead only used on roads and cycle-ways. Another key recommendation from the roadmap would be to give new powers for local police forces across England and Wales to fine people for breaches and illegal use. Lead author John Fox, Programme Director at WMG at the University of Warwick, said: “The purpose of the 'Micromobilty, a UK roadmap’, is to provide regulations on how powered micromobility vehicles could be designed and operated in the UK. “It’s important that these vehicles are high quality, safe, and legal. DON'T MISS'Fear factor': Multiple women hit with £160 parking fine at surgery [SHOCKING]Furious BMW driver causes £4,000 in damages after being charged £4 [FURIOUS]'Rip off UK’: Drivers blast proposals to ban motorhomes from hotspots [OUTRAGE] “They can provide a low-carbon mobility option which is available to everybody, allowing us to make choices about how we travel, and stimulating future innovation which will accelerate a market for UK manufacturers.” It is hoped that this regulatory framework will provide a set of standards for e-scooters and other micro vehicles to be operated legally in the UK. The aim of the roadmap is to support regulatory change through Parliament. One hundred organisations representing road users, safety groups, transport authorities and industry experts have helped shape the roadmap. If the roadmap was adopted, the public could legally operate e-scooters and other micromobility vehicles by mid-2023. Richard Dilks, Chief Executive at Collaborative Mobility UK, praised the roadmap and the possibility of it being introduced in Government. He added: “Further to our recent letter to the Transport Secretary, CoMoUK sees a clear need for legislation to fill the void we currently have over micromobility options such as e-scooters beyond the welcome rental scheme trials. “We welcome the announcement from the Transport Secretary that the Government intends to legislate. “We need all the options we can lay our hands on to reduce our over-reliance on private cars in particular and motorised mileage in general, and proposals such as these help put flesh on the bones of how we can fill the gap.” The roadmap proposes that only people aged 14 years and over should be able to ride an e-scooter, as well as capping the maximum speed at 15.5mph. The proposed roadmap could pass as legislation as soon as January 2023, with the latest passage date coming in July 2023. It is expected that the Queen’s Speech will reference e-scooters after Transport Secretary Grant Shapps said the Government would be looking into changing driving laws. Adam Norris, Founder of Pure Electric, said: “As Europe’s largest e-scooter retailer we are working hard to support the Government with bringing in legislation. “The UK still remains the only large economy not to have legalised and regulated private e-scooters. “It is frustrating that the UK has fallen behind the rest of Europe, however, the detailed work from the experts at the University of Warwick demonstrates that the UK has the potential to become a world leader in micro-mobility.”