Erik ten Hag is expecting Paul Pogba to leave as his time at Manchester United winds down, according to reports. The France international has emerged as a shock transfer target for Pep Guardiola at Manchester City. However, while any move to the Etihad Stadium would be controversial, it’s also complicated. Pogba has been at United since 2016, when he returned from Juventus for a fee of £89million four years after departing for free. But, now, his time at the club is drawing to a close with his current contract due to expire at the end of the season. Manchester City are eyeing the 29-year-old, with Pep Guardiola a big admirer of Pogba despite his struggles for consistency at Old Trafford. And the Telegraph say that, when it comes to the player’s future at United, Ten Hag is expecting the midfielder to leave. The 52-year-old will take over from Ralf Rangnick this summer, something the club confirmed last month just days after a chastening 4-0 defeat to Liverpool. Pogba started that match but was forced off early on through injury, in what could have been his last game for the club. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings United have, for their part, made the 2018 World Cup winner a big contract offer to ensure he stats. Yet Ten Hag seems resigned to losing the midfielder, who has won two trophies during his second stint at the club. Any move to City remains complicated, however. They’re saving the bulk of their money for Borussia Dortmund’s Erling Haaland, who is looking increasingly likely to join. And City would want Pogba to accept lower wages than he’s currently on to ensure he doesn’t disrupt the atmosphere in the Etihad dressing room. Should a move across Manchester materialise, it would be one of the biggest transfers in Premier League history. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Pogba previously came through the United academy but, despite that, has never been universally popular among fans. Supporters vented their fury at the midfielder last month, booing him following a 3-2 win over Norwich City. And that may explain why Pogba is willing to entertain the idea of playing for City, even though there are other teams interested. One is Juventus, who sold the midfielder to United six years ago. But whether the Old Lady have the financial muscle to bring Pogba back to Serie A is something that’s currently unclear. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Likewise Real Madrid, whose preference would be to land Kylian Mbappe from Paris Saint-Germain on a free transfer. Barcelona also have other priorities, including Chelsea trio Cesar Azpilicueta, Marcos Alonso and Andreas Christensen. And PSG are looking at their current transfer policy after missing out on the Champions League trophy yet again. Pogba’s personal trainer Coach Meddy, meanwhile, recently implored the midfielder to ‘look elsewhere’. "At the end of June he will no longer be a Manchester [United] player," he said. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "I think it is right for him to look elsewhere, perhaps Manchester also wants to renew themselves and the most sensible thing is to separate. "The time will come to change and try new challenges, new emotions, new environments for both Pogba and Manchester, to try something different and maybe they will both be happy. "Right now, I think he's enjoying himself, they have a good team, especially since [Cristiano] Ronaldo decided to return. “The problem is that the results don't come. "A top player doesn't waste his time on minor competitions, he wants to be motivated to play for ambitious trophies."