Ruben Neves may as well have placed a ‘for sale’ sign above his head after making cryptic comments about his future. But Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta may be advised to rethink his potential move for the Wolves star given the midfielder’s previous comments about his side. Back in February, Arsenal used every last bit of energy to grind their way to a 1-0 win over Wolves after spending the second half with 10 men following Gabriel Martinelli’s controversial sending off. The Gunners defended for their lives, knowing their top-four hopes potentially hinged on the result, and when the final whistle was sounded, Arteta and his players celebrated euphorically. Wolves were seemingly disappointed with how the celebrations may have been over the top, considering that Arsenal were favourites for the game anyway. Neves took it as a positive, insisting that it showed how far they had come before aiming a thinly-veiled dig at Arsenal’s mentality. READ MORE: Arsenal plan to use player's sale to 'fund Saka's new contract' "We saw the way they celebrated the win and that shows the level we are,” Neves said. “I didn't see Arsenal celebrating like this in the past 10 years - it was like they won the league.” It may seem like nothing more than sour grapes to the normal person, but perhaps not to Arteta. Neves is understood to be a target for Arsenal and Manchester United as the Portuguese looks set to move on from the Midlands outfit after five years at the club. Barcelona are also thought to be tracking the 24-year-old in case they decide to cash in on Frankie de Jong. And the central midfielder did nothing to dispel speculation about his future after Wolves’ 3-1 defeat to Liverpool in the final day saw them finish 10th in the Premier League, with Neves indicating he could leave Molineux this summer. “Everyone knows what football is about, what our lives are about. Our career is really short and we need to take the opportunities we have,” he said. “All of us have dreams and we need to live those dreams in a small space of time. Let’s see what happens, I cannot say too much about it.” DON'T MISSEdu sends 'guarantee' to Arsenal fans in parting message to seasonFive strikers Arsenal could sign if Spurs win race for JesusFour teams Neves could slot into after Wolves star's transfer plea /sport/football/1614352/wolves-ruben-neves-transfer-news-man-utd-barcelona-SNT The Arsenal boss has created a culture of commitment and togetherness at the club, whereby victories are celebrated together and the responsibility that comes with defeats shouldered by the entire squad too. Bit by bit, he has eradicated any sign of toxicity from the squad — exiling Mesut Ozil, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Matteo Guendouzi since taking charge. And while Neves is a fantastic footballer, such comments may point to an area of his character which may not align with the culture Arteta is breeding at the club. The last thing the 39-year-old wants is to spend £40million or more on a player who could pose a danger to the squad’s encouraging chemistry and harmony. Clubs scout players extensively in the modern era to ensure they are a good fit for the club, not just on the pitch or in their formation, but in terms of social dynamics and in their . There is nothing to suggest Neves wouldn’t fit in, but his outspoken nature has already come to the surface once — and Arteta may be wary of moving forward if it means sacrificing everything he has built at the club since 2019.