From escaping to far-flung beaches or sailing mid-ocean to organising the perfect staycation, get ready for your next getaway, with the help of these companies. For awe-inspiring fjords and frosty landscapes, Iceland is the place to go. On the south coast, at Nordur-Nyjabæ farm, lies Hotel Vos, a cosy, family-run hotel with stunning views and great personalised service. All 18 rooms have private bathrooms, TV with channels in several languages, and free wi-fi. Relax in the hot tub after a day of enjoying Icelandic nature, listening to the ocean or birdsong, or even watching the Northern Lights. The hotel is close to the Atlantic Ocean, so expect long strolls on an extensive black-sand beach. Absorb the energy from the ocean while admiring spectacular mountain views from Bláfjöll to Eyjafjallajökull Glacier and Vestmannaeyjar and perhaps even watching seals swim by. Enjoy 10 percent off your booking with code OFFER22 online at hotelvos.is. Offer valid until June 30, 2022. It’s that time of year again when we’re in desperate need of endless sunshine, white sands and a touch of glitz. Abu Dhabi offers all three no matter when you choose to visit. Simply search for the vacation of your dreams on loveholidays.com and create a bespoke, ATOL-protected getaway. Soon enough, you could be lying on Abu Dhabi’s smooth beaches, visiting the awe-inspiring Grand Mosque or exploring the Louvre — yes, Abu Dhabi has its own. Or you could take a thrilling ride at Ferrari World, and even an off-road one across the desert. Alternatively, get your race fix at the Grand Prix. Whether you’re visiting with friends or family, there’s a little something for everyone. For places to stay, try Radisson Blu Hotel & Resort Abu Dhabi Corniche, Intercontinental Abu Dhabi or Rixos Premium Saadiyat Island. With almost 14 years’ experience providing Open Pit Lane track days at some of the UK and Europe's most popular circuits, OpenTrack offers the largest selection of circuits both in the UK and Europe, with 27 on offer in 2022. The company started back in 2008 out of a passion for cars and track days. All events now include photography and on-track tuition in the price — this applies to both UK and Europe dates — while cost starts from £119 per car and driver. You’ll get to drive your car out on the racetrack learning your limits, as well as those of the car, in a safe and controlled environment. The events are designed for first-timers and track-day veterans alike. opentrack.co.uk If there’s one sports event to attend this summer, it’s The Hundred. The cricket competition combines world-class sport with high-energy entertainment, appealing to families, cricket fans and event seekers who are looking for a fun summer event. There are two competitions – the women’s and the men’s – involving eight teams, taking place across seven cities in five weeks. You’ll get to see the best players in the world compete on the same stage. The rules are simple: each team gets 100 balls, and the team with the most runs wins. Tickets are on sale now — all tickets are £5 for under 16s, with tickets for adults from £12. thehundred-com/tickets If you’re looking for a budget-friendly hotel for your travels in the UK, give Days Inn by Wyndham a go. The brand’s hotels don’t skimp on convenience — spacious and bright, the rooms provide the perfect setting for a comfortable stay and a good night’s sleep. Free parking is available at many of the hotels, along with electric vehicle charging. Free wi-fi is offered everywhere if you need to catch up on some work or stay in touch with friends. You can bring your four-legged friend along, too, as the hotels are pet-friendly. Days Inn is also part of the world’s largest hotel loyalty programmes, Wyndham Rewards, which gives you the chance to earn points and redeem them for hotel stays across the world. Explore Days Inn by Wyndham at wyndhamhotels.com/days-inn Why holiday in one place when you can rent a boat and sail your way around multiple exotic destinations at your convenience? Leading boat rental and yacht charter marketplace Borrow A Boat has over 45,000 boat listings across more than 65 countries to choose from, aiming to make boating more accessible. You could soon be sunbathing on a remote beach in Thailand or scuba-diving in deep blue waters in Greece and Croatia. Boats are available across the Mediterranean, the Caribbean, North America and further afield, in all shapes and sizes – from bareboat sailing yachts to fully-crewed superyachts – suiting different holiday tastes. The team will help you find the boat that’s right for you with free advice from yachting experts. Find out more at borrowaboat.com Go behind the scenes at a legendary London football club with a tour of the Emirates Stadium. You’ll receive access to the iconic home of Arsenal, including the Directors Box, Diamond Club, Players Entrance, Dressing Rooms, Players Tunnel, Pitchside and Home Dugout, as well as the Interview Rooms and Press Conference Room. The self-guided tour uses a state-of-the-art multimedia handset, with commentary available in English from Arsenal legends Charlie George or Lee Dixon, or matchday announcer Nigel Mitchell, and in nine more languages including BSL. You can also book the Legends Tours, a guided tour led by former Arsenal players Perry Groves, Charlie George or Nigel Winterburn. Book at arsenal.com/tours In summer, the Austrian Gamsstadt delights with an extraordinary mix of alpine lifestyle, idyllic nature, rustic tradition and modern lifestyle. Enjoy mountains, meadows and lakes, as well as culinary diversity, exclusive shopping opportunities, varied recreation and leisure activities — which all encompass summer in Kitzbühel. As one of the most legendary sports town in the Alps, Gamsstadt is one of the only towns in the area to combine these contrasts so charmingly. Find out more at kitzbuhel.com/en/summer The National Geographic Traveller Food Festival is back on July 16 and 17 at London’s Business Design Centre. Be inspired by top food personalities and fantastic culinary destinations. Broaden your palate stall by stall on a world tour of our exhibitor space, before getting the lowdown on some of the world’s most exciting dishes at Masterclass theatres, where you’ll discover top tips and tricks and come away inspired to make your own versions at home. Catch your favourite food writers at Speakers’ Corner, where celebrated cookbook authors such as MiMi Aye, Felicity Cloake and Yasmin Khan will be discussing their latest work in an intimate and inspiring space. Plus, visit our Main Stage for demonstrations from big-name chefs, including Richard Corrigan, Aldo Zilli, Fuchsia Dunlop, Jack Stein, Romy Gill, Ching-He Huang, Olia Hercules, Andi Oliver, Judy Joo and Theo Michaels, and interviews with top food personalities such as Jay Rayner and Grace Dent. Find out more at food-festival.natgeotraveller.co.uk This content is brought to you by living360.uk, a new digital lifestyle destination keeping you up to date with health and fitness, food and drink, homes and gardens, beauty, travel, finance and lifestyle trends.