Real Madrid fans have been mocking Kylian Mbappe ahead of their Champions League final clash with Liverpool. The Paris Saint-Germain striker had been expected to move to the Bernabeu in this summer’s transfer window. However, in the end, he opted to stay in France instead. Real Madrid will go up against Liverpool tonight hoping to win a 14th Champions League trophy. And fans in Paris have wasted no time mocking Mbappe ahead of the match. A picture from the Out of Context Football account shows two fans holding a PSG shirt, with Mbappe’s name on the back. However, they’ve also given the France international the number zero - with small writing that reads ‘Champions League’ underneath. Mbappe has never won the tournament over the course of his career so far. And with Real on the verge of another triumph, it appears supporters are lapping up that fact. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Another image, from Getty, shows a Madrid fan holding up a cardboard sign. On it, the text reads: ‘Mbappe you will regret’. It’s unclear if the PSG striker will be watching tonight’s match like the rest of the footballing world. Yet Real now have a chance to show the 23-year-old exactly what he’s missing out on if they’re able to put Liverpool to the sword. The La Liga giants have won 13 of their 16 finals in the competition over the years. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And that includes when they beat Liverpool back in 2018, with Gareth Bale scoring a magnificent brace to steal the show. Real first lost a Champions League final way back in 1962, when they were beaten by Portuguese titans Benfica. They also lost to Inter Milan two years later before losing to tonight’s opponents Liverpool in 1981. Mbappe, meanwhile, last week explained his decision to commit his future to PSG instead of jumping ship. The forward has signed a new three-year deal with the club that runs until the summer of 2023. And Mbappe said: "Everybody knows I wanted to leave last year. But things are different now, in sporting terms and personally. "Leaving my country wasn't the right thing. “There's a sentimental aspect to this, and the sporting project has changed as well. ... We spoke for months about the sporting project, and we spoke about money for just a few minutes. "I made my decision last week. I spoke to Florentino Perez. "I have a lot of respect for him and for Real Madrid. They did everything to bring me there and make me happy, so I thank them for that." And Mbappe also shut down claims that he’d asked to become PSG captain during negotiations with the club. "I'm not going to go beyond my role as a player,” he said. "You don't need special responsibility to be involved in this project. “There's a captain at this club, Marquinhos, and I'm not looking to take over from him. “I don't need to be captain to give my point of view."