Healthy, sustainable weight loss is achieved through a calorie deficit and moderate exercise. But for those wanting to lose weight quickly, might consider consuming green tea, coffee or apple cider vinegar following several studies claiming these three drinks aid weight loss by speeding up the metabolism. Express.co.uk spoke to Rachel Clarkson, a Doctify-reviewed dietician and nutritionist, and the founder of The DNA Dietitian about these three drinks, and whether they contain ingredients that help break down fat. In conclusion, Rachel revealed there is one drink that she believes is “essential for fat loss” - water. According to a medical report, “green tea contains caffeine and a type of flavonoid called catechin, which is an antioxidant”. Research suggests that these compounds can speed up metabolism. Catechin is also said to help to break down excess fat. Rachel said: “Green tea contains antioxidant compounds called catechins which have several health benefits. “Some research has shown that specific catechins called epigallocatechin gallate or EGCGs may increase metabolic rate. “Although there has been some research showing modest increases in metabolism from caffeine or antioxidants like catechins, these can be considered minor and insignificant when compared to optimising overall dietary patterns and lifestyle factors.” READ MORE: Nutritionist shares foods for women over 50 to lose weight Rachel commented: “The research on caffeine increasing metabolism is mixed. “Caffeine in beverages like coffee can increase heart rate, and blood pressure and in the short term can have a small effect on metabolic rate. “However, caffeine has not been shown to have long term effects on metabolism. “Additionally, it is important to note that consuming too much caffeine can be harmful to heart health. “The general dietary recommendations are no more than 400mg per day, however, 50 percent of the population have a genetic variation that leads to them struggling to break down caffeine and should be consuming no more than 200mg per day, or their risk of a heart attack doubles,” she explained. DON'T MISS...Queen’s favourite sandwich she's had ‘for every afternoon tea’ [VIDEO]How to look younger: Get 'firm, tight-looking skin' in 4 steps [EXPERT]Prince Harry ‘better suited to take over monarchy’ compared to William [CLAIM] Apple cider vinegar has been linked to many health benefits - including weight loss. Rachel spoke about whether it really works: “The research regarding apple cider vinegar and weight loss is inconclusive. “Some studies suggest there may be a very mild benefit to helping diabetic patients, however, the research is not robust enough to be used in clinical practice for weight loss. “Often people don’t eat as much after consuming the apple cider vinegar because they feel nauseous. “Additionally, undiluted apple cider vinegar can be harmful to the stomach and oesophagus as it is highly acidic.” Rachel said this is the best drink to consume for anyone wanting to lose weight. She explained: “Water is essential for fat loss because the process of burning or breaking down fat in the body requires water. “Without water, the process will not be as efficient as it can be, which can hinder weight loss and fat loss progress. “Fluid is also vital because it helps bulk up the fibre in the stomach which gives us the feeling of fullness and satiety, aiding with weight loss.” The NHS recommends consuming 1.2 litres of water a day, eqivilent to six to eight glasses. Over the past 10 years, The DNA Dietician has been able to personalise diets to enhance weight loss results using specific genes that alter someone’s response to the nutrients found in food. This area is called Nutrigenomics and only requires a saliva sample and a consultation with a highly trained Dietitian in the area – general dietary recommendations aren’t getting people the results they desire and that’s why they come to The DNA Dietitian for a 100 percent personalised diet that’s unique to them. Eating The DNA Way has also been shown in the British Medical Journal to be more effective at long term weight loss and adherence to the diet when compared to standard dietary advice.