Erik ten Hag has been urged to offload Cristiano Ronaldo in his first summer transfer window as Manchester United manager. Jamie Carragher is 'convinced' the 37-year-old striker would be a 'massive problem' if he had to accept a rotational role next season. Ten Hag wants Ronaldo to stay at Old Trafford rather than cutting his return one year short, but he is also expected to prioritise signing a new striker this summer. With Edinson Cavani leaving on a free transfer, Marcus Rashford facing a make-or-break campaign and Mason Greenwood unavailable, United need reinforcements. However, Ronaldo often reacted negatively this season when dropped to the bench or substituted by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. And Carragher believes Ten Hag should get rid of the five-time Ballon d'Or winner to avoid dressing room conflict at the start of his reign. During The Overlap's fourth live fan debate, he said: "I'm convinced [Ten Hag] has got to do it with Ronaldo. I'm convinced. Whether he's allowed to or not, and I've said this consistently through this season, that was not a good signing. Cristiano Ronaldo is one of the greatest players of all time, and I'm seen as the guy that's criticising Ronaldo. JUST IN: Man Utd's options to replace Harry Maguire as captain if demoted "Ronaldo's a miles better player than I was; I couldn't even lace his boots, obviously. But I'm not saying that to be disrespectful to him - he's amazing. Ronaldo has never played in a team this bad. He's always played for great teams. His attitude of trying to be the main man, getting the goals, driving people on; when you're in a great team, they're seen as positives. "When you're not playing for a great team, it can be seen as a negative, and I think it has been a negative this season. Man United can't go into next season with a forward who's going to be 38. Even if he does score goals, that's not right for Man United - one of the biggest clubs in the world." He added: "United need to buy a striker because there's only Ronaldo there. Who do you buy? Do you buy someone to play or someone who's happy to be on the bench? What do you do? If you buy a really good one, you've got to play him, and then Ronaldo has to be on the bench. Ronaldo would be a massive problem for Man United next season if he wasn't playing every week." READ MORE: Todd Boehly wants to hand three Chelsea players new contracts Carragher used Pep Guardiola and Jurgen Klopp as examples, recalling their cut-throat approaches early in their successful reigns. And the ex-Liverpool defender suggested Ten Hag needs to make a head-turning decision ahead of his first season at Old Trafford. "I think of Pep Guardiola and Klopp right now," Carragher explained. "When Pep came into Man City, he just went, 'Joe Hart, no', and everyone was like, 'wow, this is England's 'keeper, he's been a great player for City'. But he was like, 'no, you're not here'. "Klopp comes into Liverpool straight away, [and] they bought players under Brendan Rodgers in that summer. I think Benteke cost £35-40million, it was a few quid, a big centre-forward., [but Klopp said,] 'no you're not but me, out'. Making that big, bold decision straight away makes everybody sit up and take notice." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.