Britain's Got Talent fans tuned into ITV this evening to find out which semi-final acts would be taking to the stage. A total of eight acts gave it their all as they fought for a chance to star in the grand final this weekend. Fans were not happy as musical duo Flintz and T4ylor bagged a place in the final. The 15th season of BGT has almost reached an end as the grand final is in sight, with only a few places left. As the second semi-final got underway, Dante Marvin, Armed Forces Children Choir, young magician Ryland Petty, impressionist Ben Nickless, Dinosaur dancing Ranger Chris, Music duo Flintz and T4ylor and Escapologist Andrew Basso all took to the stage. However one of the most impressive acts was Amber and the Dancing Collies, who performed a jaw-dropping Pirates of the Caribbean number. Sadly, they missed out on a place in the grand final to Flintz and T4ylor and Ben Nickless, and fans were less than impressed. READ MORE: BGT viewers call for change after claiming semi-finals are 'Kids club' Taking to Twitter to share their frustration, @Eazoof shared: "#bgt What the f**k was that? The dogs were the best act on there and the rappers get through?? Rubbish turnout."   @abz_06 concluded: "#BGT gutted for Amber and the dogs... I love dog acts but I have to say those boys were far too talented to choose a pair of dogs over them. "Whether you like that type of music or not... The right decision was made." However, some fans were thrilled with the result, with @inamaaix saying: "YESSSSS!!!! Flintz & Taylor went through." [Sic] @Marissa6433645 shared: "Flintz and Taylor absolutely smashed @BGT tonight well deserved to get through @AleshaOfficial." DON'T MISS... Kirstie Allsopp praises ‘loyal’ Amanda Holden for defending her on BGTAmanda Holden and Alesha Dixon run off BGT stage after seeing ratAmanda Holden distracts BGT viewers with 'stunning' gown Amber was dressed as a pirate for her act as she and her furry friends performed in front of a giant pirate ship. The crowd cheered as her beloved dogs obeyed her every command. Amanda Holden was left open-mouthed as one of the dogs even played dead in an emotional moment. They executed all kinds of stunts, including jumping through Amber's arms and standing on her elevated feet. They were met with a standing ovation from all four judges, with Alesha Dixon saying: "Oh my goodness, you choreographed that to perfection! "You did well to keep up with those dogs, brilliant addition. Ruby, she's a feisty one isn't she! "I commend you, when it's live anything can go wrong and they were so brilliant. "They worked so well, I can see how hard you have worked. That was a spectacle." Britain's Got Talent returns to ITV on Wednesday night at 8pm.