Former Tottenham hero Gary Lineker has been torn apart on social media after claiming that there had been a food poisoning outbreak at the north London side. Antonio Conte's men are gearing up for a crunch clash against Norwich City this Sunday, which could seal their place in next season's Champions League at Arsenal's expense. Lineker initially got minds racing on Friday by tweeting: "Hearing there's a food poisoning outbreak at Spurs. No, I am not joking." Other Tottenham sources denied the development, however, insisting that only Harry Kane is unwell and it is not related to food poisoning. Spurs have been stung by food poisoning at a crucial stage before as the infamous 'lasagne-gate' fiasco saw them miss out on Champions League qualification back in 2006. Conte also revealed that a stomach bug hampered the squad last time out against Burnley. JUST IN: Arsenal ace Gabriel Martinelli won't get same special treatment given to Cristiano Ronaldo As news broke that Lineker's claims were likely false, many fans did not hold back on Twitter. @pokeefe1 vented: "Irresponsible to tweet this when you’ve no idea of the reality. There’s no 'outbreak'. The club have said it’s only Kane. Stick to crisps." Meanwhile, @TheonlyBird added: "I can't do this anymore, unfollowed." And they were not the only ones to bite back at the former England marksman. @NKSpurs stated: "There are people who either believe this, or think is is funny. I feel sorry for both." Even former Spurs star Graham Roberts, who only left the club three years before Lineker signed, called out the 61-year-old for spreading 'fake news'. Lineker stood firm with his story though, responding: "I wish." DON'T MISS...Man Utd injury latest: Updates on five players for Palace clashErik ten Hag 'will have no say' on Man Utd XI vs Crystal PalaceChelsea 'hatch plan' to secure first signing after Boehly takeover It was later claimed that Lineker's upcoming interview with Kane, which was scheduled for Friday evening, may have been the source of the drama. The interview's postponement is likely to have caused a misunderstanding that illness had spread throughout the squad, and journalist Kat Lucas added: "No lasagnes in sight." The rest of the squad may well be free from food poisoning, but losing Kane would be a huge blow on the final day of the season. Spurs would still be favourites to avoid defeat and finish in the top four in his absence, but with no natural replacement, Heung-min Son would likely be torn away from his preferred left-wing position and deployed through the middle. Conte later confirmed that Kane should recover in time to play.  "If you remember the last game [against Burnley], we had three or four cases of stomach problems," said the Italian. "In this week I have to be honest we had a couple of cases but we overcame the situation. "Also members of the staff, one day they were not feeling so good. I don't know why, the last week but also this week we faced this situation. In this moment though this virus is the last of our problems. We are close to a big achievement and we are totally focused. The situation of the players is the same as the last game."