Jurrien Timber’s representatives are reportedly in England to discuss a move to Manchester United. The 22-year-old has developed well in Amsterdam under Erik ten Hag, establishing himself as one of the best defensive prospects in world football. And, now, a summer switch to Old Trafford could be on the cards. Manchester United will need to sign a centre-back this summer. And all signs are pointing to that being Timber, at a time where the likes of Eric Bailly, Phil Jones and Axel Tuanzebe are all expected to depart. The defender, who is capable of playing at both right-back and centre-back, has flourished under the guidance of Ten Hag. And journalist Jonathan Shrager has now revealed that while a move to United isn’t exactly close, Timber’s camp are in England for talks with the Red Devils. “At this moment, Timber to Manchester United is not done, and there is competition from other clubs,” he stated. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings “But Jurrien’s representation is currently in England to learn about MUFC’s plans.” Then, in a second tweet, he added: “There is a belief that Manchester United are currently the frontrunners to sign Jurrien Timber.” If United do sign Timber, it’s possible he’ll be deployed alongside Raphael Varane at centre-back. And that would spell trouble for club captain Harry Maguire, whose stock has fallen after a terrible season under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. It’s also feasible he’ll be used as a right-back as well. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Aaron Wan-Bissaka is expected to leave United this summer, three years after the club paid £50million to land him from Crystal Palace. Atletico Madrid have emerged as potential suitors for the full-back, who has fallen behind Diogo Dalot in the club’s pecking order. And, given Timber’s versatility, it’s possible he’ll be used there if a move to United is completed. The Red Devils aren’t only looking at their defence as the summer transfer window creeps closer, however. They want to land a new midfielder at a time where the likes of Paul Pogba and Nemanja Matic are heading elsewhere. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Frenkie de Jong, Declan Rice, Ruben Neves and Kalvin Phillips have been listed as targets amid uncertainty over their futures at Barcelona, West Ham, Wolves and Leeds respectively. And, up top, United are monitoring Darwin Nunez and Antony as they look to ease the goalscoring responsibility on Cristiano Ronaldo. Meanwhile, regarding Timber, Ruud Gullit recently expressed concerns over his suitability for the Premier League. “I think Timber is a very good player, but whether he can be a defender in England,” he said. “You also play against Burnley and West Brom. The top seven strikers are all world-beaters. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “I think he is a very good footballer, but I have my doubts about whether he is a good defender.” United have signed many Dutch players over the years. Ruud van Nistelrooy, Edwin van der Sar and Robin van Persie were all hits in the Sir Alex Ferguson years. But Donny van de Beek, Daley Blind and Memphis Depay have all struggled at the club since the Scot’s retirement.