Lynsey Crombie is a cleaning expert who shares her housework insights on This Morning. Lynsey, who is a former professional cleaner, has a legion of fans who love her clever cleaning methods. Recently she discussed a cheap way to help your clothes last longer and get cleaner in the wash. The product costs just 27p and Lynsey swears by it. Lynsey said: "Do you ever add salt to your dark laundry? "Well, if you don’t next time you have a dark load in particular dark jeans add a scoop of table salt to the drum before adding your laundry. "Why? Well, salt is a great inexpensive staple that most homes have and when added to dark laundry will help prevent colour fading." READ MORE: Huge laundry product mistake to avoid at all costs - 'only used as recommended' The expert shared another must-do trick to preserving your clothes. She added: "Don’t forget to also wash dark garments inside out and use a cooler wash temperature too. "Simple tips like this will keep your clothes looking good for longer." Lynsey advised using the salt alongside your normal detergent. DON'T MISSDo your clothes smell even after washing? Cleaner shares essential step [LAUNDRY] How to use limescale tablets for a 'brilliant' wash [EXPERT] Free tip to clean drawer and drum to 'prevent nasty odour' [HACK] Just normal table salt is perfectly fine for the tip. It can be bought from any supermarket for around 27p. Salt is said to stop fabric colours from bleeding in the wash, as well as setting the colour into the garment. Salt is used frequently to set dye during commercial dying purposes. Table salt can also be used on the surface of fabrics to remove dirt and dust, making colours look brighter. This is particularly good for non-washable fabrics, which you could shake in a bag with salt. Salt can also be used for stain removal, removing stains like blood, grease, mildew and more. One of Lynsey's followers advised the trick too, and said: "(I) do this all the time it’s great." Another cleaning expert detailed three cheap items to add to the wash to "give your detergent oomph". Cleaning and organisation guru Stephanie Booth from Georgia explained all. Her tip meant that clothes will be softer and fresher even if you have very hard water. "Here’s three effective laundry boosters to give your detergent that extra oomph to get your fabrics fresh and clean," she said. Stephanie recommended baking soda, super washing soda, and borax.