One way to solve an immediate problem is to look back on similar experiences in the past. Go over old ground to find a solution. Others are looking to you to lead the way and seem to think you have all the answers. You have been through this before and this is why you are coping better than others. A spontaneous meeting with an old friend or schoolmate will bring back many happy memories. You might make some quick plans to see each other again fairly soon for today you both have other obligations. A positive frame of mind helps you look to the future with increased hope. You’re having problems making yourself understood. You could continue to try to get other people to understand by explaining things all over again or you might just get on with what you want to do on your own for at least you know what you are aiming for.  Someone will be surprised by your stubborn attitude when you decide to pull out of a joint project. You have discovered something that sheds a new light on this matter and with this new information you know you are making a right decision. Recent financial difficulties will be easing. You should soon notice a pleasing improvement in this area and this could come second hand through the good fortune of your partner or a relative. What matters most to you is: things are starting to look up. You aren’t surprised by how a little planning can make a lot of difference. Those who are less organised will be amazed by the progress you are making. You feel more positive about the future and you’re making it a priority to do all you can to improve your lifestyle.  All will seem to happen at once. Getting your thoughts into some kind of order won’t be easy. You will need some quiet time later just to think and to make certain you haven’t missed anything. Talk to a practical friend if you need advice. An event or situation that was hushed in the past is brought out into the open. You feel some relief that there is no longer a need to keep this a secret. You’re wondering about the direction in which a friendship is going. Keep an eye on someone who is acting strangely. The absurdity and injustice of a situation would make you laugh if it wasn’t real. This isn’t comedy and looking past the laughter and jokes, you realise that something serious has to be done to put wrongs to right.  You’re thinking of making some highly favourable changes. The feedback coming from family or workmates confirms your plans are good ones and you they will get plenty support. There’s a strict and stringent process that will be applied very rigorously to a legal or business transaction. The initial stages of a project will go well but don’t assume that all will be plain sailing. Stay cool if and when small problems crop up. Look to the obvious for answers for the solution is likely to be staring you straight in the face. Stay alert if you feel something new and different is in the pipeline. Your intuition rarely lets you down. If you’ve been looking for something rewarding to do, volunteering your services at a community group or charity event could mark the start of an interesting phase of your life. 