Amber Heard took to the stand for the second day as the £100million defamation trial between her and her ex-husband, Hollywood star Johnny Depp continues. The Virginia court was shown pictures of the Aquanman actress's broken nose and bruises on her face, which she claims were caused after Depp "punched" her. Yesterday, the court was shown a series of pictures which Heard claims are of her broken nose and bruises that she sustained at the hands of her ex-husband. The Aquaman actress claimed to the Virginia court that the actor punched her and broke her nose after the 2014 Met Gala. Heard said: "At the Met Gala, he was accusing me of flirting with a woman. "We get back to the hotel room, he shoves me and grabs my collarbone. READ MORE: Amber Heard's low-cut charity event dress she says sparked fury shown "I remember he threw a bottle at me, missed me, hit the chandelier," she added. Heard went on to claim that Depp then punched her, breaking her nose. She added: "We were struggling, he’s bigger than me. "He hit me, I remember my nose being swollen, red. I made a remark to my friend of how bad," (sic) she told the court. Heard first took to the stand on Wednesday where she told the court about the first time Depp allegedly hit her. She said: "I will never forget it. It changed my life. "He slapped me across the face and I laughed because I didn't know what else to do. "I thought this must be a joke. Then he slapped me again." DON'T MISS...Saira Khan has £2.5k bum lift and husband can’t keep hands off [INSIGHT]Jane Fonda, 84, reflects on 'final act' in career in new interview [ANALYSIS]Madonna’s take on Dave Chappelle attack after seeing 'disturbing' show [UPDATE] "I didn't move or freak out. Then he slapped me again. Hard," she added. Heard claimed that they had been having a "normal conversation" on the sofa when the incident occured. She claimed that Depp was drinking when she asked him about his "wino forever" tattoo. The actress told the court how Depp later got down on his knees and cried uncontrollably, saying "he would rather cut [his] hand off" than lay it on her again. She claimed he told her: "I'm so sorry baby. I thought I put the monster away." Heard is being sued by Depp for defamation over a 2018 article she wrote for The Washington Post where she described herself as a "public figure representing domestic abuse". Despite not naming her ex-husband, Depp is suing her for $50 million, claiming the allegations cost him work. Heard is countersuing for $100 million.