Darragh Ennis, known as ‘The Menace’ on The Chase, sent his apologies last night as he was forced to skip the BAFTAs due to contracting Covid. The Chase ended up winning the Daytime award - but poor Darragh was unable to join in with the celebrations. In view of his 26.8 followers, Darragh tweeted: “Great to win but unfortunately I am home with Covid so missed out on going to the #Baftas2022”. Carly replied: “Oh no I’ve only just seen this . I hope you get better soon Darragh. I wish you a speedy recovery . “I think it’ll be fair once your recovered for us to see a photo of you holding the well deserved #BAFTAS award”. Jill added: “Wishing you a very speedy recovery Darragh lol x. Congratulations on your win!! “Must admit I was disappointed that your category didn't feature on the main show. “Daytime TV is a lifeline to many people.” Lucy B wrote: “Oh god, hope you get well soon! Feeling relatively okay though?” To this, Darragh replied: “Not too bad. A bit rubbish”. As ITV’s The Chase won the best Daytime gong, Chasers Paul Sinha, Anne Hegerty, Mark Labbett and Jenny Ryan accepted the award on stage. Paul, AKA ‘The Sinnerman’, wiped his eyes as his co-stars made an acceptance speech. But sadly, these scenes didn’t air in the television broadcast. Taking to Twitter in view of his 218.9k followers, Paul wrote: “It looks like we may have been cut from the main show but just to say - The Chase won a Bafta today. DON'T MISS...Monty Don sparks frenzy as he announces 'perfect' new family arrivalMadonna, 63, looks younger than ever on stroll with teenage son DavidPiers Morgan left 'sad' over Dennis Waterman amid candid chat “One of the proudest days of my life, and rest assured we've had a drink.” Holding the coveted gong on stage in a video posted by the official BAFTA Twitter account, Mark said: “I got it first, I’ve got the longest legs.” He continued: “In case you noticed, six foot seven, available for Panto, I make a hell of a bad guy.” Producer Michael Kelpie then took the mic, saying: “We really didn’t expect this. “So much so, that Brad’s not even here,” he added, referring to host Bradley Walsh. “He’s off watching the football,” said Michael. He added that his “amazing” team were “very, very proud” to receive the BAFTA after “plugging away for 13 years”. The producer concluded his speech by announcing they were about to get “very, very drunk”.