Liverpool are taking on Southampton tonight in a must-win game. The big match from St Mary's Stadium kicks off at 7.45pm, and is being broadcast live exclusively on Sky Sports, which you can access via your Sky Q, Virgin TV 360 or BT TV box. You can find the best Sky Sports deals below - or, if you'd rather you can head to the NOW website and sign up to a bargain deal on Sky Sports if you'd rather watch via your phone, tablet, laptop, Smart TV or games console. Tonight's game is a crucial match for Liverpool to keep both their Premier League and quadruple hopes alive. Jurgen Klopp's side trail league leaders Manchester City by four points, and a win tonight would move them to within one point of the Citizens. That result would ensure the Premier League title race goes down to the wire, with Liverpool playing Wolves on the final day and Manchester City taking on Aston Villa. The way the fixtures have panned out means Liverpool legend Steven Gerrard could play a crucial role in the title race, as the Anfield icon is now in the dugout for Villa who could take points off City this weekend.  You can tune in and watch coverage of Southampton vs Liverpool on Sky Sports Premier League and Sky Sports Main Event from 7pm, with kick-off at 7.45pm. If you've got Sky Glass or Sky Q then a Sky Sports membership will usually cost £32 a month. But Sky is currently running a deal that drops that price to £20 a month. This can be paired with the standard Sky TV bundle, which unlocks access to exclusive channels like Sky Atlantic, as well as Comedy Central, MTV, and more, coupled with a Netflix subscription. If you're not home, everything from Sky Sports is also beamed to tablets and smartphones via the Sky Go app, which is available for both Android and iOS devices. You can also sign in to Sky Go on an Xbox or PlayStation to watch in another room if someone else is using the Sky Q box. Sky-owned NOW, formerly NOW TV, offers limited-time access to Sky Sports. One month costs £33.99 while a single 24-hour period of Sky Sports will usually cost £11.98 but this is now reduced to £5.99. NOW is also available on a NOW TV Box, Chromecast, PS5, PS4, PS3, Xbox Series X, Xbox One, Xbox 360, Roku, LG Smart TV, PC or Mac, and selected mobile and tablet devices. Unfortunately, if you're outside of the UK right now, your Sky Go and NOW subscriptions might not work as you'd expect. Sky – just like Netflix, BBC iPlayer, Prime Video and a number of other services – places restrictions based on your current location, which is determined by the IP address that your device was assigned when you connected to the internet. It's possible to bypass these geo-restrictions by employing a Virtual Private Network, or VPN, service. You can find some of the best options below... 