It comes as reports suggest the couple will now be joining the Queen and other royals in next week's jubilee celebrations, which Piers Morgan deemed as a strategic move from the "fame-hungry" couple to "exploit their royal status for big bucks". A notorious critic of the couple, the 57-year-old accused them of showing no compassion in light of Thomas Markle's reported poor health. He claimed they would make Her Majesty's Platinum Jubilee "all about them". Piers began discussing the upcoming celebrations and the way in which the Queen "represents the very best of British values". He soon swerved into a long tirade about Meghan and Harry's appearance. "Unfortunately, jetting in are a couple who represent the complete opposite," he fumed. "The Duke and Duchess of Sussex, the southern English county that I come from, incidentally, where they've spent precisely three hours, are a pair of undignified, whiney, hypocritical virtue-signalling, selfish wastrels." READ MORE: Stranger Things season 4 release time: What time is it on Netflix? He continued: "The privacy demanding, poverty preaching carbon-conscious couple will fly 5,000 miles, spilling 1.5 metric tones of CO2 emissions, accompanied of course by the Netflix documentary camera crew recording their every move, Kardashian-style, reality show. "The emissions of most concern to me, however, are the other noxious toxic fumes they will inevitably emit from the moment they land here and make the jubilee all about themselves. "Banished from the Buckingham Palace balcony for the trooping of the colour opening celebrations next Thursday, it's now been reported they will nevertheless be with the Queen at the service in St Paul's Cathedral on Friday. "It's billed as the biggest royal gathering since their wedding. "And I'm already shuddering at how this fame-hungry duo will hijack the headlines from the woman who should be given them purely to cement their rival royal brand." The broadcaster went on: "Frankly, I'm bemused they're flying here at all, given that Meghan's father Thomas lies seriously ill in hospital after suffering a stroke. "Meghan and Harry love to preach about compassion, yet they show none of it to their own families. DON'T MISS... Escape to the Chateau’s Angel admits Paris 'overwhelmed' daughter [LATEST]The Chase forced to undergo major change by ITV boss 'Boring' [VIDEO]'I don't care' Jane McDonald opens up on appearance concerns [VIDEO] "If they had an ounce of real compassion they'd cancel their trip to the jubilee and visit Thomas Markle in hospital. "That would be the first time, incredibly, that Harry would have ever met his father-in-law. "That would also mean missing the chance to exploit their royal status for big bucks - that ain't gonna happen." After changing the discussed topic, Piers later revisited the subject of the royal couple after seeing a photograph of Meghan visiting the site of the recent school shooting in Texas. After being asked by comedian Kate Smurthwaite why he was so "horrendous" about Meghan, he replied he had supported her until she "disowned her father". "On their wedding day, I wrote a big piece for the Mail on Sunday saying it was a wonderful day for the country, brilliant for the Royal family, we had our first biracial member of the Royal Family," Piers argued. "And then she disowned her father who right now, in America, is actually in a very serious condition after a massive stroke." Piers Morgan: Uncensored airs Monday to Thursday from 8pm on TalkTV.