Sam (played by James Hooton) has been having money troubles on Emmerdale recently, with the father of one resorting to poaching from Home Farm for food. However, just as he gets himself a job, Lydia (Karen Blick) has told him she would like a caravan so they can go travelling around the country and have holidays away from the village. Lucikly for him, Vinny Dingle (Bradley Johnson) offered him a solution to all his problems by finding him a motorhome at the scrapyard. Unfortunately, his wife's reaction isn't what he'd expected in upcoming scenes on the ITV soap and it could lead him to take drastic action. The drama continues as next week's episodes get underway as Sam and Vinny are busy renovating the caravan at the scrapyard. It seems the work is coming along nicely and they are optimistic about the transformation until Lydia turns up at the site. Seeing the caravan her husband has bought for her, the Home Farm cleaner is aghast as she has never seen anything so hideous in her life. She doesn't hold back in slating the motorhome, unaware her other half has purchased it for her as a present, hoping to make her dreams come true. Sam does his best to come up with a cover story but he knows he has made a big mistake spending money on the caravan. READ MORE: Coronation Street fans 'expose' Phill Whittaker's true identity He will try to come up with a few ways of getting rid of it but because of the state it is in, it will be hard to sell. Especially with the renovations incomplete, people would think they would have to put more money in to transform it to the way they want it. As it seems his avenues are exhausted, the Dingle icon could decide he is going to get the motorhome insured as part of a bigger plan. With the insurance agreed, he could decide he is going to crash the vehicle to try and get some of the money back he paid, if not more. Unfortunately, his plans don't always go the way he wants and ultimately, tragedy could ensue shortly after his plans begin to fall into place. As he takes to the road in the dead of night, not telling his family where he is going, Sam could end up rolling the van. This means he could be knocked unconscious and the vehicle goes flying off the road and into a nearby ditch. At first, it would seem as if the beloved character's plans to scam the insurers would be working but he could suddenly realise he is trapped. With the van being extremely old as well, the engine could start leaking and with the electrics creating sparks, it could soon catch light. Sam could desperately try to free himself but it could be too late as the caravan could explode with him still trapped inside. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale star Ash Palmisciano pays tribute to ‘role model’ late mum [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock issues warning to fans on Facebook [COMMENT]Emmerdale star Liam Fox shows off fairytale home with co-star wife [PICTURES] What could make his death more heartbreaking is Vinny could be driving past as the explosion happens, just seconds too late to help Sam. The days and weeks which follow would be heartbreaking as the village would mourn the loss of one of their most beloved characters. Lydia could learn the truth from Vinny about the caravan and she would instantly feel guilt as she would know Sam would have only done that because of the comments she made. This could lead to a big storyline for Lydia as she tries to come to terms with her grief, as well as helping Samson Dingle (Sam Hall) process his. As she confides in the teenager about the part she thinks she might have played in his father's death, will he blame her for the tragedy? The actor who plays Sam, James, has spoken out in the past about a time he considered quitting the show, which would have seen the character leave the earlier a lot sooner. Speaking about his time on the soap, the actor said: "The character I play went through a very lean period and it got to the stage I started to dislike my job. "I didn't have much to do. I was young and ambitious and I wanted to do more work. "I asked if there was a chance to get involved in more stories...It left me in no doubt I was not going to be a character who drove stories in the show. "I hated my job for a while. I had a lot of things to work out in my brain," he explained in an interview with The Sunday People. However, he remained in the role and will be celebrating 27 years in the job this year, having been cast as Sam in 1995. The actor added: "My choice was to search elsewhere for more work and challenges or to find ways of making my working life easier. "I decided to stay with the show and take work home as little as possible." But will Sam be leaving in the near future as his time in the village comes to a tragic end, or will he find other means of selling the caravan? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.