The two teams vying for the title cruised relatively safely through another untouchable round of Premier League fixtures while the north London rivals battling for third and fourth were a little less convincing but no more damaged in keeping up their own pace. Those two worlds collide next week when Tottenham travel to Liverpool, a game Manchester City and Arsenal will be watching with great interest. Everton, meanwhile, will have their focus very much closer to home. It's just a shame their match isn't closer to home next week. Express Sport's Matthew Dunn looks at the latest talking points. It used to be August but it was looking like April was to become the month Harry Kane could not find the back of the net. But just as it looked like Tottenham might have to sound their own May Day in a bid to find him, he turned up right on time with the opening goal against Leicester. Or wrong on time if you are Liverpool. Kane remains very much the form player, and this season, if he did not score in the previous Premier League match, there has been a 70 per cent chance of him failing to net in the next one. On the flip side, coming into a game on the back of a goal, he is as likely as not to score again - food for thought as he heads to Anfield to face a side he almost single-handedly stopped in their tracks in the 2-2 at White Hart Lane in the reverse fixture earlier this season. In the build-up to the 2019 Champions League final, injury robbed Spurs of the England captain. But in the last four seasons he has completed fully, Kane has scored 19 goals in the final four fixtures. Burnley and Norwich may expect to cop for a few in the final two fixtures, but one or two on Saturday could play a big part in two neck-and-neck races. ARSENAL CANNOT AFFORD TO LAUGH THEIR WAY TO THE LEEDS The mood at London Colney should be sky-high this week. The Arsenal training ground would have been a far different place if West Ham had taken something from the London Stadium on Sunday, buy Mikel Arteta's side sit pretty in fourth place. That is vital. It means if the Gunners hold their nerve against Leeds, Newcastle and Everton, their rivals have no option but to beat both Liverpool and Arsenal themselves in two tumultuous games in the space of five days. But they cannot afford to take their eye off Leeds. After a narrow 1-0 defeat against Leicester in his very first game in charge, Leeds have not lost a single away game under Jesse Marsch. They have the resilience they lacked under Marcelo Bielsa. The problem for Arteta is that a point is not enough for Arsenal - with the goal difference what it is, Spurs could lose at Anfield and still emerge from the north London derby in fourth place. The margins are that fine. HOME COMFORTS FOR EVERTON NOT ENOUGH Frank Lampard was understandably gushing after the win at Goodison against Chelsea. “If it doesn’t give you goosebumps, if it doesn’t get you ready to go out and give everything, then there is something wrong with you, you shouldn’t be playing the game,” he said. Even the '12th man' cliche was wheeled out. That advantage may well work again in the games against Brentford and Crystal Palace: two wins that would take Everton to 38 points, enough to see off Watford. Resurgent Burnley are worth a win and a draw in the final four games - maybe enough with their superior goal difference. And Leeds' points per game record under Jesse Marsch would edge them nearer to the 40-point mark. Everton need something from the road, where they have not won since August. Certainly something more than travel sickness.