The Radio 1 DJing legend shared his conversation with the Duke of Cambridge on Twitter, as he was presented with the honour at Buckingham Palace. William and Princess Anne teamed up to present recipients with Royal honours on Wednesday at the first Investiture to be held at Buckingham Palace in two years.  Mr Mayo tweeted: “So this happened. Prince William did the pinning. “A class act! We talked about Radio 1 and how he loved Faithless/Insomnia and Spiller/Groovejet. “I suggested that he was clearly a bit of a clubber….” He then posted in a follow up tweet: “He said maybe a secret clubber.  “I plugged Drivetime on GHR (Greatest Hits Radio) obviously, suggested he was just the right age to be joining us….” ‘Groovejet’ was a disco hit for Spiller featuring Sophie Ellis-Bextor back in 2000, whereas Faithless’ rave smash ‘Insomnia’ remains popular on dancefloors to this day. Mr Mayo, 63, now presents a drivetime show on Greatest Hits Radio, having left the BBC in 2022 after 40 years.  READ MORE: Harry and Meghan exit would have gone 'differently' if Diana was alive He said receiving his MBE was “a thrill” and an “amazing experience”, reported The Times. However, he also revealed some more negative emotions crept in, saying: “I suspect most people, when they come in for an award, they think, ‘Do I really deserve this?’ “I think I felt a lot of impostor syndrome.”  DON'T MISS:Farage warning as 100k migrants to arrive unless Brexit is completed [BREXIT NEWS]Dan Wootton roasts Ken Livingstone over past comments [GB NEWS]Naga Munchetty ponders BBC role after staying 'longer than I thought' [LATEST] The Prince previously shared details of his varied taste in music on a podcast last year, admitting that Shakira’s ‘Waka Waka’ is a favourite with his children Prince George, eight, and Princess Charlotte, who turned seven on Monday. He also revealed that the rock anthem ‘Thunderstruck’ by AC/DC is one of his go-to tracks for Monday motivation. He said: “There’s nothing better on a Monday morning, when you’re bleary-eyed after the weekend and trying to get back into the grind of the week. “It wakes you up, puts you in the best mood possible, and you feel like you can take on anything and anyone." 