Nicola Sturgeon claimed that if a different decision had been taken, Ferguson shipyard would have closed and 400 employees would have lost their jobs while appearing on BBC Good Morning Scotland. The former owner of the shipyard, Jim McColl however denied the claim and said that Ms Sturgeon’s statement was a “lie”. Speaking to the programme on Tuesday, he said the First Minister appeared to have been "rattled" over the questions and likely "mixed up" her data. BBC Good Morning Scotland presenter Laura Maxwell said: “You said the last time you were on the programme on March 29 that you thought that this announcement had been made for political reasons. “Nicola Sturgeon, leader of the SNP and the First minister who was on the programme yesterday, said that if a different decision had been taken Ferguson would have most certainly closed and 400 jobs would have gone. Mr McColl responded: “That’s a lie. “At the time there were 150 employees, not 400. “I think she was a bit rattled in the interview. “And she mixed it up with the statement that they made about saving the yard. Ms Maxwell said: “It is a very strong word to call it a lie.” Mr McColl reiterated: “Well, it is not true. READ MORE: Haslemere fire: Huge blaze burns former school to the ground “The yard had outstanding work. “It was still working on the ferry Catriona which wasn’t launched until 2016 and was delivered early and on budget “It also had additional constriction work, fabrication work. “So there was no danger of the yard going under at that time." DON'T MISS: Putin is suffering from ‘dementia’ and paranoia-induced insanity [WATCH]Ukraine: ‘Finest hour’ Boris pledges £300m as he channels Churchill [LISTEN]Putin humiliated as middle ranking officers 'sabotage' [INSIGHT] He concluded: “It was a slip by the First Minister in the interview." The claims follow Ms Sturgeon’s statement that “the yard would almost certainly have closed and the 400 people who are currently employed there, earning a wage, supporting their families, would not be in that employment”. Mr McColl has also previously claimed that the contract to build the new ferries Hull 802 and Glen Sannox was awarded for political reasons. The ferries are still unfinished and massively over budget.