Warren Leight served as showrunner from the 13th to 17th seasons of the popular NBC drama, and returned to helm three more seasons in 2019. Law and Order: SVU now faces a major shake-up behind-the-scenes after the writer and executive producer announced on Twitter he won’t be returning for season 24. The current Law and Order boss has confirmed he’ll be stepping down from his role as the longest-running showrunner in SVU’s history. Warren returned to the job after a four-year break from leading the series and helmed the successful primetime drama during some of its toughest years. Now the series has survived the Covid pandemic, and is already confirmed to return for season 24, the writer took to social media to confirm his final day with the series. “The final day of shooting is always bittersweet,” he wrote. READ MORE: TalkTV's James Max shocked as caller cuts off heating to save money “Today was a little more than that. As some of you have already figured out, I am stepping down at the end of #SVU23. “The last two years of show running during a pandemic have been arduous, and I've decided to take a break.” A replacement showrunner has yet to be announced, but is expected to be confirmed in the coming weeks as NBC gets ready for SVU season 24. Warren went on to thank the show’s crew members and lead cast, including Mariska Hargitay, who has portrayed detective Olivia Benson for over two decades. The showrunner also detailed some of the hardships which emerged from piloting the longest-running live-action series in TV history during Covid restrictions. “At least once a week this year a brick came thru the window (sic),” he continued. “This person quarantined, that location lost, another show fell behind and our guest star was no longer available.” He also added a special shout-out to the show’s editor, Arthur Forney, who has been with the Law and Order franchise since the beginning. DON'T MISS:NCIS LA season 13: Callen and Anna romance dealt huge blow [TEASER]Outlander season 7 theory: Tom Christie confesses to Malva’s murder [SPOILERS]Law and Order Organized Crime’s Bell star on opening up to Stabler [INTERVIEW] He explained: “Each time casting, camera, design, wardrobe, locations, h/mu, props, drivers came up with a save and when they didn’t, our editing room, led by the indefatigable genius, Arthur Forney did. “Somehow the obstacles pulled us all closer together. The episodes stayed on track and seemed to get stronger the longer the season went on.” Warren signed off by thanking the legions of fans who continue to tune in to new episodes of Law and Order more than 30 years later. He concluded: “Finally, I'd like to thank the fans. You've stayed loyal to the show, and vocal in your support and occasional dismay, for 23 years.” “No other show can say that, and so you know, EVERYBODY at #SVU is grateful to you for that commitment.” Each episode of the Law and Order spin-off is still pulling in roughly three or four million live viewers, with the return of Elliot Stabler (Christopher Meloni) attracting a jaw-dropping eight million fans. SVU’s next showrunner now faces the difficult task of taking the series in a new direction whilst still pleasing its most devoted fans when production gets underway after the summer. Law and Order season 23 continues Thursdays on NBC in the US. A UK release date is yet to be announced.