Supporters of the levy are warning that the “BBC will be destroyed” as a result of this potential decision and have started a petition to prevent the licence fee from coming to an end. Last month, the Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries shared her plan to “create a golden age” of British television in her department’s White Paper. While one of the key proposals was the privatisation of Channel 4, Ms Dorries gave a hint as to her plans regarding the state and funding of the BBC. Recently, the Minister announced a two-year freeze of the licence fee to support struggling households with the cost of living crisis and explore alternative funding options for the broadcaster. This means the licence fee will stay at an annual price of £159 for two years before rising with the rate of inflation from April 2024. The licence fee is guaranteed until at least the end of 2027 by the BBC’s royal charter, which sets out the organisation’s purpose and remit. However, Ms Dorries has confirmed the Government will review the licence fee’s funding model ahead of the next charter period. READ MORE: Woman, 88, in tears after losing £36,000 savings - after 'scrimping' for 50 years On the last review of the funding model, the white paper emphasised “it recognised there were a number of drawbacks to the licence fee, but concluded it remained the most appropriate funding model for the BBC for this charter period”. Some of the alternative funding models for the public broadcaster being debated include a subscription service model, similar to Netflix and Disney+. However, advocates for the BBC are calling on the Government to end its exploration of scrapping the licence fee. One petition is appealing to Ms Dorries, the Prime Minister and Keir Starmer directly to save the BBC. Stephen Regan, the person who started the petition, warned that getting rid of the licence fee could have far-reaching consequences for the public broadcaster. Mr Regan explained: “Unless we act the BBC as we know it will be destroyed, hidden behind a paywall, and only accessible to those who can afford it. “Do we want this, or do we want the broadcaster to remain independent and handed down to future generations to enjoy? Do we want it to be broken into pieces and become a shell of its former self? “The final licence fee will run out in 2027, we can’t afford to sit on our hands. The fight to save the BBC has begun, and it’s a fight we must win. “So please, write to your MP and the Government, and sign this petition to show them they can’t take away their nation's broadcaster and destroy its independence for their own pernicious aims.” So far, the petition has amassed over 200,000 signatures from people looking to save the television levy. However, other people in the comments section of the petition are voicing opposing views on the topic. One commentator named Christine Hadfield said: “I want to get rid of the BBC and the licence fee.” Another with the name Maria Mathews added: “It’s disgusting having to pay.” However, many agreed with petition with one person writing: “The BBC, along with the NHS, are the best expressions of the British people and mustn't be destroyed by the idiotic ideology, corrupt greed and the mean-minded vindictiveness of a failed Government. “Do any actual people want to see the BBC fail?”