An early diagnosis is paramount to survival of bowel cancer, something journalist Deborah James is far too familiar with, as the podcast host of You, Me and the Big C is now receiving end-of-life care following her late stage diagnosis. Inspired by Deborah's campaigning for cancer awareness, when Cara Hoofe – a member of M&S Clothing and Home team – underwent treatment for bowel cancer, she put forward her campaign idea to M&S CEO Stuart Machin. "Deborah is a huge inspiration to me and so many other young people diagnosed with bowel cancer," said Cara. "I feel fortunate my journey since diagnosis has taken a different path, but I want to give a voice to all those who can no longer use theirs to raise awareness. "Early detection is so important and my main message to people is don’t feel embarrassed, get things checked out and speak to your doctor." Cara was diagnosed with stage four bowel cancer in 2016 when she was only 32 years old. "I’ve worked at M&S for over 10 years and I am so happy they are putting my idea into action and so quickly – I’m hoping other companies will consider joining us,” she added. READ MORE: Heart attack: Certain facial features could be hinting you're at risk - what to look for In addition to adding Bowel Cancer UK's symptoms infographic onto toilet roll packaging, M&S are also going to display informative signage around their stores from June. Available across all M&S stores, customers will be able to scan a QR code redirecting them to Bowel Cancer UK’s website to find out more. Not only that, M&S are donating £50,000 to Bowel Cancer UK to help its mission to save lives. M&S CEO Stuart Machin said: "Cara’s idea will undoubtedly help to save lives. DON'T MISS: Hair loss: 'Nail rubbing' trick may stimulate new growth claims expert [INSIGHT[Vitamin B12 deficiency: Two changes to your hair that could be signs [EXPLAINED]Hair loss: Swordfish among healthy foods shown to induce hair loss [ANALYSIS] "And by working with Bowel Cancer UK, we can get the message out there to check for symptoms; if you have any concerns, to go and see your doctor. "This is a real opportunity to raise awareness across the UK and make a difference. "I’m asking all retailers to join us - the more people we reach, the more lives we can potentially help save." The chief executive of Bowel Cancer UK, Genevieve Edwards, stated: "We are delighted to partner with M&S to raise vital awareness of bowel cancer symptoms with people all over the country. "It’s the UK’s fourth most common cancer, with someone diagnosed with the disease every 15 minutes in the UK." If diagnosed in the earliest of stages, bowel cancer is treatable and curable. However, up to 60 percent of people are diagnosed at the later stages, which makes the disease much more difficult to treat. The symptoms of bowel cancer If you are concerned you may have bowel cancer, the best first step you can take is to make a symptoms diary. This will be useful when you go to see your doctor, as you will be able to talk in detail about what you are experiencing. Should your doctor refer you to hospital, do not be alarmed, as it is a precautionary measure. For more information on bowel cancer, visit Bowel Cancer UK.