Parents are being urged to stop children from using Omegle amid fears it has been hijacked by paedophiles making video contact with children. The platform, which requires no registration, puts users in contact with random strangers but messaging can quickly be moved to video communication, with previous reports of adults exposing themselves to children. Omegle says it monitors video calls after identifying "predators" on the site but the Internet Watch Foundation which removes child pornography from the internet, said it had found indecent material involving children hosted on other websites which appeared to have been recorded from live streams on Omegle around the world. Earlier this month, prosecutors in Boston, USA, charged Alexander Dilella, 22, with multiple child exploitation offences after he allegedly enticed girls as young as 13 into sending indecent images over Omegle, Snapchat and FaceTime. In a letter to parents, one Essex school wrote: "We have been made aware of a website that is currently being used by students, that is marketed with the phrase Talk to Strangers!. "This is obviously a concerning matter, potentially putting predatory adults in video communication with children." It warned: "Please be vigilant and ensure and users do not need to prove they are accompanied by an adult. The homepage warns: "Predators have been known to use Omegle, so please be careful." Andy Burrows, head of the NSPCC's Child Safety Online policy said: "Omegle is an inherently high-risk platform that presents myriad dangers to children. In particular, its live, visual and unpredictable nature provides a toxic cocktail of risks for grooming." Omegle was founded by Leif K-Brooks at the age of 18 in 2009. Its use exploded in lockdown as chats were streamed on TikTok and YouTube, attracting more minors to the site. The Online Safety Bill, which is hoped will target risks to children, is currently going through Parliament. Mr Burrows added: "[Omegle's lack of action] underlines why we need a strengthened Online Safety Bill with senior managers being held personally accountable for their decisions that put children at risk." Mr K-Brooks was unavailable for comment. 'It is a high-risk platform with myriad dangers' your child knows not to chat with strangers on an anonymous website, particularly via video." Omegle says it is open to 13 to 17-year-olds, only with parental supervision. But there is no date-of-birth verification