Sadio Mane is close to agreeing a shock £25million transfer to Bayern Munich as the forward edges closer to a Liverpool exit, according to reports. The 30-year-old hinted that he would make an announcement about his future following Saturday's Champions League final against Real Madrid, but it now appears that he has opted to move to Germany. Mane is about to enter the final year of his contract with the Reds and there has been speculation over his future. Liverpool are also yet to agree to an extension with strike partner Mohamed Salah. The Merseyside outfit risked losing Mane for free next summer when his deal expires. However, it appears that they have decided to cash in while they can still receive a fee for the prolific striker. Mane is close to agreeing a deal to join Bayern this summer, according to a blockbuster revelation by French publication L’Equipe. The report claims that Liverpool will receive just £25m (€30m) for a player who has had a major impact at Anfield. JUST IN: Klopp told why Salah is not club's 'most important' player It comes after Mane told journalists that he would reveal all about his future after Saturday’s clash with Madrid in Paris. It initially appeared to be good news for Liverpool, with a couple of reports earlier this week suggesting that Mane was in line for a new contract. But it has now emerged that Mane’s entourage met with Bayern sporting director Hasan Salihamidzic to discuss a move 10 days ago. A surprisingly low £25m fee will be enough for the transfer to go through. Mane enjoyed another successful season with Liverpool, helping them win the Carabao Cup and the FA Cup. A second Champions League winners’ medal of his Reds career is up for grabs on Saturday night when Liverpool face Los Blancos. DON'T MISS...Liverpool 'hold talks with Harry Kane' as striker set to make decisionLiverpool have Mane belief as star 'draws up £25m Bayern Munich plan'Mane sparks Liverpool panic with transfer 'promise' as Bayern eye deal  He scored 23 goals across all competitions and rounded off the Premier League campaign by scoring in Liverpool’s 3-1 win over Wolves. Had Manchester City not staged a remarkable comeback against Aston Villa, Jurgen Klopp’s side would have won the top-flight. Mane will likely be a replacement for Bayern forward Robert Lewandowski, the publication’s report continues. The Poland international is apparently expected to join Barcelona 12 years before his deal with the Bavarians ends. Liverpool might not need to spend too heavily on a replacement given they signed Luis Diaz in January. The Colombian scored six times and impressed after joining from Porto.