Tennis legend Chris Evert has warned we could be seeing the end of a "weary" Rafael Nadal after the Spaniard won through to the French Open quarter-finals. Nadal, 35, is aiming for an unprecedented 14th title at Roland Garros, but was pushed all the way in his last-16 tie by Canadian youngster Felix Auger-Aliassime. Nadal, who also has a record 21 Grand Slam titles to his name, prevailed 3-6 6-3 6-2 3-6 6-3 to set up a mouth-watering quarter-final tie with Novak Djokovic. It maintained the Mallorca man's incredible record of never losing a five-set match on clay. It was the biggest physical test for Nadal since returning from the stress fracture in his rib that plagued him during his final defeat at Indian Wells. Prior to that, he had begun 2022 in superb form, capturing the Australian Open with a fantastic fightback against Daniil Medvedev. His triumph in Melbourne was considered an unlikely one, considering he missed the latter months of 2021 with an ankle injury. And after beating Auger-Aliassime, he raised eyebrows by telling reporters: "I am just enjoying the fact I am here for one more year." JUST IN: Coco Gauff inspired by Emma Raducanu as teenager plots French Open title charge His comments were picked up by Eurosport pundit Evert, herself an 18-time Grand Slam champion, who said: “He is sounding weary. There is so much more that comes with being a professional tennis player than playing a match, but he sounded tired. The respect I have for him because he is 35 years old and he can keep getting psyched up every single day for these matches." The American drew comparisons with her own career, adding" “I started burning out in my early 30s. When I woke up in the morning I didn’t have anything in me, so I don’t know where he gets this passion and fire in his belly from. I am sure with the injury, I don’t want to say he is falling apart, but you get a little more affected by the playing and training." DON'T MISS:Carlos Alcaraz gets standing ovation at French Open after shot of the year contenderAndy Murray shares Wimbledon dragon outfit as he learns first grass season opponentNaomi Osaka details terrifying experience running from false 'active shooter' in New York  And she warned fans that retirement for Nadal isn't far away: “It is going to happen, whether it is next year, two years, three years. I would not give him more than two or three years to play tennis.” His clash with rival Djokovic will take place on Tuesday, almost a year after they met at the semi-final stage in Paris. That day it was the Serbian who prevailed, before going on to beat Stefanos Tsitsipas in a thrilling final.