With David De Gea being one of the few standout performers for Manchester United this season, Dean Henderson appears to have fallen further out of favour at Old Trafford. Sunday People have now revealed that the goalkeeper is willing to ‘quit’ the club if he is not United no.1 next season. Erik ten Hag is expected to cause a major stir in the United dressing room upon his arrival next season, with numerous stars expected to be departing. But the Dutchman could be saying farewell to Henderson against his wishes if he cannot give Henderson certain assurances. The 25-year-old is understood to be ‘ready to seek a move’ unless Ten Hag ensures to him that he will be United’s first-choice keeper next season. Newcastle were keen to sign Henderson on loan in January and are prepared to step up their interest when the summer transfer window opens. Eddie Howe reportedly sees Henderson as the ideal candidate to succeed Martin Dubravka at St James’ Park. Given that United would need to sign a direct replacement for the former Sheffield United loanee, they are likely to demand a fair fee for Henderson’s services. But Henderson isn’t the only United outcast that has been tipped to make a move to Newcastle though. Midfielder Jesse Lingard, who is out of contract at the end of the season, has been heavily linked with moving to the Magpies and the idea of being a key figure in their major project could prove very persuasive. Reports have also claimed that Paris Saint-Germain, West Ham and several Serie A outfits are keen to sign the 29-year-old. Like Henderson, it will be crucial for Lingard to ensure that his next move guarantees game time with the Qatar World Cup on the horizon. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained  Barcelona midfielder Frenkie De Jong has been linked as being a potential replacement for Lingard, as well as other departing midfielders, and could be keen to reunite with former manager Erik ten Hag, who worked together at Ajax. The transfer has also received the seal of approval of club legend Rio Ferdinand, who told his Vibe YouTube channel: “He doesn’t get too many goals or assists but he gives you many more elements of the game that, I think United need as a team; especially in that position. “United are definitely losing Paul Pogba, Jesse Lingard, Nemanja Matic, and Juan Mata, they are all leaving in that position, so it does need reinforcement. And I think he would be a fantastic signing if this deal goes ahead.”