But with the Conservative Party’s failure to act, the entire party is now in the crosshairs of guilt. The Conservative Party could just about have been forgiven for waiting for Sue Gray’s report before making its mind up about Boris Johnson. With its publication, it had to act. It has chosen to turn a blind eye. Gray’s report revealed nothing short of Bullingdon Club levels of bad behaviour. Irrespective of its illegality, that behaviour was surely a sackable offence. No organisation should tolerate employees being drunk at work, vomiting and abusing cleaning and other staff. It is a peculiar sense of entitlement and superiority that accompanies such behaviour. Frankly, it should not have been tolerated at Oxford, let alone in the highest office of our land. This is not a Prime Minister who made a mistake. Partying, more like orgying, was endemic in No. 10. That is who he is – an unreformed member of the Bullingdon Club. That he was doing this during lockdown reveals a Prime Minister in contempt of the people. His supporters like to say he has got the “big decisions” right. That is utter nonsense. He has broken the big promises he made to get elected and has delivered the United Kingdom into a constitutional crisis, a cost of living crisis, with national debt through the roof, taxes through the roof and a looming recession. Remember he was elected to Get Brexit Done. That required the whole country leaving the EU as one United Kingdom (his words, not mine). Instead Northern Ireland has been left behind in the EU and the Acts of Union which created the United Kingdom have been broken. The UK is in lunar orbit of the EU’s regulatory framework with his level playing field. We have not taken back control of fishing, our cash or our borders. Streams of illegal immigrants cross the channel daily with no Rwandan destination even remotely in sight.    This is a man seemingly drunk on being Prime Minister but with no vision for the United Kingdom, no ability to plan and no ability execute a plan even if he had one. Decisions are made on the hoof, largely to deflect public opinion and kick cans down the road. If he was capable of making a correct “big decision”, he would have done the right thing months ago and resigned. But this article’s focus should not be Boris Johnson. We all now know what sort of man he is. It is the Conservative Party that needs to be taken into focus. It is now a party which openly rewards failure. It prefers being in power to doing the right thing. There is a handful of Tory MPs still pushing the Prime Minister to resign. He will not do so. If this group of people possess a moral compass, they themselves would resign from the Party. 