Coleen and Wayne Rooney have skipped the last day of the Wagatha Christie trial as Rebekah Vardy arrived at the High Court alone today. It is expected that both sides' lawyers will be delivering their closing speeches today after the wife of footballer Jamie Vardy took Coleen Rooney to court for libel. The Rooneys were not seen arriving at the Royal Courts of Justice for the final day of the £3million case between Coleen and Rebekah. The trial, dubbed the Wagatha Christie case, was set to end yesterday, however, both sides were since given more time to prepare their final arguments. Wayne and Coleen have now missed the last day after taking their children on holiday. An insider explained that the couple thought the case would be over by now and didn't want to disappoint their four sons. READ MORE: Amber Heard could face perjury probe over charitable donation claims "It’s been a long and gruelling process for both Wayne and Coleen and they didn’t want to disappoint their children," the source claimed to MailOnline. Rebekah arrived at the trial at 10am without her husband Jamie. He is set to play for Leicester City tonight in their game against Chelsea. Rebekah is suing Coleen for libel after the mother of four accused her of leaking information from her private Instagram account to The Sun. On the penultimate day of the trial, the court saw the fake stories that Coleen posted to her Instagram, which she told were designed to "trap" Rebekah. Coleen told how she had carried out a months-long "sting operation" and accused Rebekah of leaking "false stories" about her private life to the press. Rebelah firmly denied the accusations and is suing Coleen for libel. The wife of Wayne is defending her claims on the basis her statement in a social media post in October 2019 was "substantially true". DON'T MISS... Will Smith asked Jada Pinket Smith to be present for kissing scenes [INSIGHT]Dick Van Dyke, 96, steps out in rare appearance with young wife, 50 [ANALYSIS]Demi Rose stuns in busty display as she channels Princess Leia [UPDATE] Yesterday, Coleen broke her silence amid the ongoing "Wagatha Christie" trial to pay a heartfelt tribute to her mum on her birthday. Coleen posted an adorable picture with her mum for her birthday in view of her 925,000 Instagram followers. The sweet black and white snap showed the pair smiling at a table, drinking some delicious-looking beverages. Coleen captioned the picture: “Happy Birthday to an extremely special person, My Mum. “Have the best time celebrating, I love you so much and appreciate everything you do for me and us all.” Some of Coleen’s famous friends took to the comments section to send Colette their best wishes. Lizzie Cundy commented: “Happy birthday to your lovely mum.” While Real Housewives star Tanya Bardsley added: “Happy birthday to your beautiful mummy.”