Ray Liotta has died aged 67. The Hollywood star reportedly died in his sleep, according to news outlet Deadline.  The star reportedly died in the Dominican Republic where he was shooting the upcoming film, Dangerous Waters, according to the publication. A cause of death has not been given by the outlet. His fiance Jacy Nittolo was said to be with him while he was filming. The star is most known for his roles as Henry Hill in hit film Goodfellas, Shoeless Joe Jackson in Field of Dreams and Tommy Vercetti in the video game, Grand Theft Auto: Vice City. READ MORE: Corrie star Adam Rickitt's wife Katy bids farewell to ITV colleague  Liotta was born in New Jersey in 1954 and was soon abandoned at an orphanage. He was adopted at the age of six and went on to study acting at the University of Miami where he also performed in musicals. The star made his film debut in 1983's The Lonely Lady but his first major acting role was in 1986 film Something Wild as Ray Sinclair. It landed him his first Golden Globe nomination for Best Supporting Actor. Three years later, he starred as the ghost of baseball star Shoeless Joe Jackson in Field of Dreams alongside Kevin Costner. The film was nominated for three Oscars, including for best picture and has since been known as one of the most loved sports movies of all time. In 1990, Liotta starred in his most notable acting role as real-life mobster Henry Hill in Martin Scorses's film, Goodfella's. Goodfella's landed rave reviews and went on to win multiple film awards. DON'T MISS...Boy George, 60, ditches usual glam look in rare outing [INSIGHT]Kevin Spacey charged over alleged sex attacks [UPDATE]Alex Scott avoids 'altitude sickness' as BBC star suffers foot issues [ANALYSIS] Tributes have since come pouring in for the Hollywood star on social media. Leading the way, Piers Morgan reacted to the tragic news on Twitter. He told his 7.9 million followers: "RIP Ray Liotta, 67. "Brilliant actor, loved him in Goodfellas. Sad news," he wrote, alongside a snap of the star as Henry Hill. Twitter user @john_clubb posted: "RIP Ray Liotta. I think I’ll be watching Goodfellas this evening in his honour." Others paid tribute with one of the star's most memorable quotes. “'As far back as I can remember, I always wanted to be a gangster'” - Ray Liotta," @ChrisDachille penned. Liotta leaves behind daughter Karsen Liotta and his fiancee Jacy Nittolo, who he became engaged to in December 2020.