The daily Wordle puzzles just keep on coming, with Wordle 336 going live for May 21. If you've been playing Wordle since it launched last year, then the pressure is well and truly on to keep that winning streak alive. Fortunately, Express Online is here to help, courtesy of a brand new selection of spoiler-free hints and clues to ensure you figure out the correct answer. Just scroll down to the bottom of the page for the latest hints for Wordle 336, and good luck maintaining that winning streak. Perfect for when you have a spare five or ten minutes, Wordle tasks players with figuring out a five letter word in just six guesses. To master Wordle and solve those daily puzzles, you'll need to pay close attention to the colour of the tiles after each guess. If the letter tile turns grey, the letter does not appear in the word you are guessing. If the tile turns yellow, the letter you guessed is in the word, just not in the correct position. If the tile turns green, the letter is in the word and in the right place. The app keeps track of your statistics, showing the number of correct answers you've managed, as well as your winning streak. If you fail to solve the puzzle, then you'll have to wait until the next day for a new Wordle to be released. You'll also lose your precious winning streak. Read on for some general Wordle tips, followed by three specific clues for Wordle 336 on May 21... General Wordle tips and tricks... • Don't use the same letter twice in your opening guess. • Try to use a couple of vowels in your first guess, particularly 'A' and 'E'. • Avoid letters such as 'X', 'Z' and 'Q' until later on, when you have a better idea what the answer is. • 'RAISE' is a good word to start with, while 'TOUCH' is a decent second guess. • Check out the daily hints provided by Express Online below... Wordle 336 hints and clues for May 21... 1. Wordle 336 starts with the letter S. 2. Wordle 336 contains just one vowel. 3. Get this wrong and your winning streak will be on the old heap.