 An investigation has been launched into the incident which occurred at Victoria Barracks on Sheet Street, Windsor last Tuesday while the Queen was at Sandringham for Easter. The Queen was not at Windsor Castle at the time of the security breach at the nearby barracks as she had continued her stay at the Sandringham Estate after her Easter and birthday celebrations.   The Victoria Barracks is the home of The Coldstream Guards who were reportedly duped by the con artist who claimed to be a friend of the battalions Padre Rev Matt Coles. Despite showing no identification, the intruder was welcomed into the Officer’s Mess and even offered a bed for the night after he drank and ate with senior officers. A source told The Sun: “This is just an extraordinary breach of security. “The guy turned up at the gate in the evening and said his name was Father Cruise and claimed to be a friend of the battalion’s Padre Rev Matt Coles. “He was invited in and offered something to eat in the Officer’s Mess.”   The source added: “Within a couple of hours, he was drinking with the officers in the bar and telling them stories of how he had served in Iraq. “He was telling lots of tall stories and the lads were enjoying his banter and having a few drinks.” A spokesperson for the Army said: “The Army takes this breach of security extremely seriously and it will be thoroughly investigated as a matter of priority. “This incident is now part of an ongoing investigation, and it would therefore be inappropriate to comment further at this time.” The Sun reported that suspicions about the man grew as the night went on despite the fact, he was still offered a place to sleep for the night. The source told the paper: “It was only later when he started talking about how he had worked as an ejector-seat test pilot and had some organs replaced that the chaps started to get suspicious. READ MORE: Facial yoga practitioner shares 'best' anti-ageing morning routine   “Checks were made in the morning. It was apparent this guy wasn’t a bona fide priest.” The call to the police was finally made after he had breakfast the following morning. The Thames Valley Police received a report at 9:20am on Wednesday morning and “officers attended and removed the intruder from the barracks” and “no further action was required”, according to a spokesman from the police force who spoke to The Sun. The Queen arrived back to her Windsor residence a few hours after the intruder was escorted off the barracks. Sources who spoke to TalkTV claimed the man was known to the police as suffering from mental health issues and he was not arrested. DON'T MISS:Election POLL: Do you back Boris Johnson ahead of local elections? (POLL)When to cut back tulips - key date to secure fresh blooms next year (INSIGHT)Airport 'like the Hunger Games' as Brits queue for hours at security (REVEAL)   After the attempted break in of Windsor Castle on Christmas day which posed a threat to the Queen and members of her family, a new security officer position was advertised at Holyroodhouse Palace. The man who was arrested on the grounds of the Castle on Christmas day was sectioned under the mental health act after being arrested on suspicion of “breach or trespass of a protected site” and possession of a weapon. Security forces are in the middle of preparing for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee which will present many security issues. A former Met Police Commander told The Sun: “The timing is very serious. They should already be on full alert for the Jubilee. “We are still under a continuing threat from terrorists. It’s this lackadaisical attitude which leads to disasters.” 