Italy and Hungary have urged the EU to call explicitly for a ceasefire in Ukraine and peace talks with Russia, putting themselves at odds with other member states determined to take a hard line with Moscow ahead of a summit next week. A draft concluding statement for the May 30-31 summit, seen by Reuters and dated May 19, describes the European Union as "unwavering in its commitment to help Ukraine exercise its inherent right of self-defence against the Russian aggression." It does not mention peace talks. At a meeting of EU envoys on Friday, Italy's ambassador proposed changes to the text saying it should refer to peace talks and set out an immediate ceasefire as one of the EU's first goals, according to people who attended the meeting. That proposal was backed by Hungary and Cyprus, which are among the states most critical of a new package of EU sanctions against Russia that has been blocked for weeks because of internal divisions. Hungary opposes a planned oil embargo, while Cyprus has concerns about a proposed ban on property sales to Russian citizens. Prime Minister Viktor Orban said on Tuesday that sanctions against Russia should not be discussed at all at next week's summit. In the letter to Charles Michel, dated May 23, Mr Orban said it was unlikely a solution could be found by then, and that Hungary was not in a position to agree to the proposed EU sanctions until all outstanding issues are resolved. Mr Orban reiterated his stance that "solutions must come before sanctions". "Looking at the gravity of the issues still open, it is very unlikely that a comprehensive solution could be found before the special meeting of the European Council on 30-31 May," he said. READ MORE: Ukraine wipes out Russian military base with NATO-supplied howitzer "I am convinced that discussing the sanctions package at the level of leaders in the absence of a consensus would be counterproductive." Hungary, which is heavily dependent on Russian oil, has said it would need about 750 million euros in short-term investments to upgrade refineries and expand a pipeline bringing oil from Croatia. It also said the longer-term conversion of its economy away from Russian oil could cost as much as 15-18 billion euros. European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, in a speech at the Davos forum on Tuesday, took a hawkish stand on Russia and made no mention of peace talks. "Ukraine must win this war, and Putin's aggression must be a strategic failure," she said. DON'T MISS:Putin humiliated as Kremlin officials plot replacement [INSIGHT]Russian forces making ‘incremental gains’ [VIDEO]‘Now you know how we feel!' Pelosi blasted as Turkey takes UK's side [ANALYSIS] The latest draft of the summit conclusions says the EU "remains committed to bolstering the ability of Ukraine to defend its territorial integrity and sovereignty." Baltic countries and Poland are among the strongest supporters of a hard line, and Latvia has urged even more explicit wording for increased military support, diplomats said. A revised draft is due later on Wednesday after a meeting of EU envoys, one diplomat said. Italy last week proposed a peace plan that would involve the United Nations, the EU and the Organisation for Security and Co-operation in Europe as facilitators to initially arrange localised ceasefires.