Attendees of the Royal Windsor Horse Show celebrated a rare appearance by the Queen. The monarch defied speculation she would miss the event due to health concerns as she arrived at the showground by car.   “I really wanted to see her, I hoped she’d be well enough to come and she came for the parade of fell ponies,” one spectator said. She continued: “I was over the moon, not only to see her but the beautiful ponies too.” A man attending the show marvelled at the opportunity to see the monarch in person. He said: “I’m very pleased to have been able to see her, it really makes a difference. “Being able to come to Windsor and actually see her in her own back garden is a wonderful opportunity that most people don’t have.” The Royal Windsor Horse Show takes place just a short distance from the Queen’s Windsor Castle residence.  Attendees of the show expressed particular gratitude towards the Queen’s effort to attend amid her ongoing health concerns. One woman said: “She’s 90 odd now, she’s entitled to be a bit stiff. “She didn’t get out of the car, she stayed in the car, but she seemed in good spirits and people were talking to her.” The Queen has considerably reduced royal appearances in recent months due to mobility issues. Read more: Prince Harry 'missing' Cambridge children since moving to the US The monarch appeared cheerful as she waved to fellow attendees from the front seat of a black Range Rover. The Queen stopped to talk with several groups of showgoers as she was driven around the grounds. Sky News correspondent Shamaan Freeman-Powell said: “She seemed to be in really good spirits, actually she seemed really relaxed and she was smiling and speaking to the people that had gathered to see her.” She continued: “Lots of people down here were really surprised by the fact she managed to make it here today and also really excited to see her.” Don't miss:Royal POLL: Do you support Queen as ‘Zoom monarch’? [POLL]Royal residences ranked: The one house more popular than Windsor [REVEAL]Queen all smiles as she rolls into Royal Windsor Horse Show [INSIGHT] The Royal Windsor Horse Show outing is the Queen’s first public appearance since March when she attended the Thanksgiving Service for her late husband, Prince Philip. Alternative members of the Royal Family have stood in place of the Queen at recent notable events as the Monarch reduced engagements due to health concerns. Most recently, Prince Charles delivered the historic Queen’s Speech for the annual opening of Parliament on behalf of Her Majesty. Attendees of the Royal Windsor Horse Show noted their appreciation surrounding the appearance of the 96-year-old monarch in defiance of her ongoing mobility issues.   