TikTok user The Saving Whiz (@savingwhizgina) has shared a hack for saving money on meat whilst doing the weekly shop. While some have praised the savvy save, others raised some ethical questions. @savingwhizgina asked her viewers: "Do you want to save money on your groceries, but not have to eliminate foods from your grocery list? "This trick helped me save money on my groceries but also feed my family." The cost of living is on the rise and many are feeling the pinch. However, this TikTok user doesn't want to see families going without any essential ingredients. READ MORE: Inside Queen's relationship with beloved granddaughter Zara Tindall The Saving Whiz explained: "When I started trying to save money on groceries, I didn't want to cut back on meat." She proceeded to tell viewers how to "stretch out" their meat purchases rather than cutting it out. "One of the easiest ways to do that is by slicing your meat thin. "Or, cut it into small, bite-sized pieces." Saving Whiz Gina explained: "This is a great way for you to reduce the meat without anyone noticing." The video has amassed a huge 109,500 likes at the time of publication and it has been saved over 2,000 times. However, some argued that this money saving hack creates more problems than it solves. Speaking about feeding a family, @jemwithangels asked: "So feed them a quarter of the protein they need instead of the full amount?" @meyalli143 seconded this: "Too thin, my kids wouldn't get full." @sgttxtazsgirl said: "My husband would move out - we don't bread anything - all of us want food not filler." @gabbielovesyhu added: "Girl my stomach gunna notice the difference lol." But lots of TikTok users were delighted with this method of saving money without foregoing a key ingredient for many families. @vnaples said: "I do this also. The piece in the package is a very large portion." @grandmar10 added: "Plus you may more for thin sliced cutlets, when you can take an extra few minutes to do it yourself." TikTok user @joden_07 added a further recommendation: "I buy a case of chicken thighs at Costco and divide them into frozen baggies...saves me a lot of money." Others picked up on an additional benefit; with less food on the plate, there is less chance to overeat. @vdogcarl stated: "FACTS. I just did this today and I have chicken to last days!!! And I didn't overeat what was on my plate." @thefirststepcoaching offered a compromise: "lol I love this but ... my husband would just take more pieces. I add lentils, beans, veggies etc so we eat larger portions but more filling ones."