Earlier this year, Vera fans were left gutted when the final two episodes of series 11 weren't broadcast on ITV. Production for the Brenda Blethyn series was put on hold due to the coronavirus pandemic, meaning bosses were forced to spread out when the episodes would air. The first two instalments were shown in 2021, followed by the second two which aired in January 2022. However, fans expected the final two episodes to be shown shortly after, but instead, they were replaced with Good Karma Hospital. Despite the wait for series 11, Brenda Blethyn and Kenny Doughty have been spotted filming for series 12 in Newcastle. In a new interview, ITV bosses have discussed when filming for the upcoming series will come to an end. A spokesperson for ITV told The Northern Echo that the cast and crew are expected to wrap up filming for series 12 in Autumn. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Dan Spencer killed off as Cain Dingle takes reven... However, much to fans' disappointment, they could not confirm when the final two episodes of series 11 would be broadcast. Although, they went on to reveal that there would be four feature-length episodes in series 12. Earlier this year, leading lady Brenda, who plays DCI Stanhope, admitted she didn't know when the final episodes would air either. The actress spoke with Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield about the cop drama during an appearance on This Morning. “We’ve got two more episodes of the current series of Vera,” Holly said as she held up a DVD of the show. “We’ve got episodes one, two, three and four,” the host continued as Brenda replied: “Yes, they are out now. “There will be another one with five and six at some point," she added as she discussed the final two episodes of series 11. “Are you still loving it?” Phillip asked as the actress replied: “Yeah, yeah, it is great." DON'T MISS...Matt Tebbutt hits out after being snubbed on BBC [INSIGHT]Virgin River season 4: Preacher set for new romance as wife joins cast [CAST]Escape to the Chateau’s Dick and Angel clashed on family decision [VIDEO] She continued: “I love the North East and the people are just fabulous up there and the crew are very loyal and the cast are all the same. “It’s the same as on Kate and Koji, it’s like a family.” She went on to explain that she had finished filming for her ITV comedy Kate and Koji, and was about to head to Newcastle to shoot series 12 of Vera. Brenda has played DCI Vera Stanhope since the ITV series began in 2011, and she has become a hit with fans ever since. Joe Ashworth (played by David Leon) was DCI Stanhope's original sidekick before he was replaced by Aiden Healy (Kenny Doughty) in 2014. Brenda's character is famous for wearing her signature green hat and coat, but according to the star, it is the shoes that help her to get into character. "Do you put the hat and the mack on and think, 'There she is?'" Phillip asked the star in the same interview. "Boots," Brenda replied as a shocked Holly asked: "Is it?" Brenda replied: "Everything I do, it starts with the shoes." Vera is expected to air on ITV later this year.