The Duke and Duchess of Cornwall stepped out to meet the Candian community earlier today, and Camilla Parker Bowles wore a red wool dress for the occasion. The dress is believed to be a new item in the royal’s wardrobe and is made by designer Bruce Oldfield - the same person who designed Camilla’s baby blue ballgown for the James Bond premiere. Bruce Oldfield’s dresses are not available to buy, they are usually personally made. Camilla’s red dress featured a full sleeve and tucked pleats which created an A-line silhouette from the hips. The dress hit just below the knee and had a small V opening breaking up the collar-less round neck. To complete the outfit, Camilla wore a pair of black heels. They come from the royal’s favourite shoe brand, Sole Bliss which makes shoes for women that suffer from bunions or other foot problems. READ MORE: 'Elegant' Princess Beatrice stuns in 'amazing' £1375 floral dress Camilla has many pairs of Ingrid heels, in several different colours. Today she wore the black leather pair, which are priced at £159. They feature a “comfortable rounded almond-shape toe” and block heel with a “ triple-layer underfoot cushioning”. Camilla accessorised her outfit with two necklaces; a thick gold short one and a smaller discreet chain with a small pendant. On her wrist was the Vintage Alhambra bracelet with five motifs in yellow gold and Agate from Van Cleef & Arpels bracelet. DON'T MISS...Prince Harry ‘better suited to take over monarchy’ compared to William [CLAIM]'Best solution’ to fine lines and wrinkles according to skin expert [EXCLUSIVE]Kate Middleton snuggles up to baby in chic blue top and trouser combo [PICTURES] The royal also carried a small black Chanel bag with her. This bag is a staple in Camilla’s wardrobe, with her having worn it many times over the years. The exact bag is the Chanel Coco Top Handle Black in size small, and retails for £3,350. She kept her hair down in its signature bouffant style and added a pale pink lipstick for some colour. Royal fans commented on the Duchess of Cornwall’s appearance. One said: “The Duchess of Cornwall is looking fabulous today.” “The Duchess of Cornwall looks gorgeous! Love her dress!” Someone else commented. A third added: "Omg she looks SO gorgeous, this colour is just... ahhh...And, please everyone, look at this smile!"  Camilla and Charles are set to visit Canada later this month for a three day royal tour in celebration of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. The royal couple will travel to Newfoundland and Labrador, before moving onto Ottawa. On the last day they will be in the Northwest Territories to visit Yellowknife and Dettah.