Last week, the Government announced every household would get £400 to assist with the rising cost of energy. While the support has been widely welcomed, it has not stopped scammers who are looking to cash in. Sadly, there have already been reports of a dangerous scam which claims to offer Britons hundreds of pounds if they take action. The email purports to be from UK energy regulator Ofgem, adding supposed legitimacy to claims made in the correspondence. Appearing on BBC’s Morning Live today, expert Rav Wilding issued a vital warning to those who receive an email of this kind. He said: “Scammers are sending out emails to people, saying they can get an energy rebate worth £450 if they are to follow the instructions on the website. READ MORE: Best places to retire in the UK - areas which boast the top care “It is a fraud. It is a fake. It is not real in any way shape or form, please do not fall for this.” Co-presenter Gethin Jones was quick to point out an error he spotted within the email. The message claims to offer £450 to Britons, however, this is not the correct amount being issued by the Government. Rav concurred, continuing to provide insight into the email, and said: "That is one of the clues I want people to look out for." DON'T MISSState pension to be paid early this week - are you affected? [INSIGHT]Your state pension may be key - five top tips for retirement [EXCLUSIVE]State pension: Four key ways you could increase your sum [ANALYSIS] He added: “People will get an email from nowhere which will have an email address of info@rebate-ofgem.com, which is not the right address they use. “As pointed out by you Gethin, it is the wrong amount. They say you will get £450. “But this is of course in reference to the £400 people are getting to help with the rising cost of energy this year. The number is completely wrong. “At the bottom, it says you can claim the rebate now. But this is, of course, what they want people to do. They want people to click on that link. “If you are to click on it, you’ll be taken to a website like this where they’ll ask for all your personal information, your financial information. “Then, people are going to lose money to these fraudsters in various ways. But ultimately, they want to drain people’s bank accounts. Please do not click on links!” The energy bill rebate is being paid directly to eligible Britons, and as such, no action is likely to be needed. As a result, individuals who receive an email like this can safely assume it is a scam. At this point, it should be deleted from their inbox, and not engaged with any further. Rav added: “If you pay by direct debit, it will come straight back to the account you pay your energy from. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “If you have a pre-payment meter, you will get a voucher credited to that account. “Ofgem do not ask people for money anyway! It is not what they do. They are a regulator.” Many Britons will want to take additional steps to protect themselves, and co-presenter Alex Jones was keen to establish what individuals should do next. Rav explained: “The best advice is to stop and take a moment to think about whether it could be a scam. “Check the details such as the spelling, the punctuation and the grammar, the email address it is sent from. Could it be a scam? “Protect yourself and each other. People who are scammers will pressure you to take action, genuine companies will not.” Rav stressed that anyone who feels they have fallen victim to a scam should act as soon as possible. They can report the matter to Action Fraud, or Police Scotland if they are in Scotland, to alert authorities of the issue. In addition, people should always call their bank directly on the number 159. This will connect them to legitimate bank officials who may be able to take action to stop payments.