Rolling Stones legend Sir Mick Jagger, 78, has expressed his disappointment Brexit has had on the UK becoming "isolated". The veteran musician has suggested that the UK coming out of the European Union (EU) has been the cause of a number of economical problems for the country - including the UK touring industry. The legendary performer opened up about Brexit's impact on the touring industry. Since 2016, there has been much talk about the impact leaving the EU will have on artists looking to tour Europe. It has included obtaining visas and work permits in the EU, as well as transporting equipment across borders and other problems facing artists coming to the UK to perform. "There are a lot of supply-chain problems," Mick said. "A lot of shortages, a lot of problems because of Brexit. READ MORE: Rylan Clark urged critics 'lay off' Scott Mills amid BBC replacement He went on: "Brexit has not been a success for the British touring industry. I'm not saying, 'Well, we've got to rejoin the EU.' "Unfortunately that's all in the past." He continued to the Sunday Times: "But from personal experience and talking to friends who are in other businesses, it's not a success, it's a nightmare. "We've isolated ourselves, and that sounds good to some, but it's an ideology more than a practicality."  In October, the Society of Musicians warned of many tours being “unviable” for artists post-Brexit. Their survey revealed 42 per cent of artists would consider quitting the UK in order to rescue their careers. Back in 2017, Mick released two songs titled 'England Lost' and 'Gotta Get a Grip' which critiqued Brexit. At the time, the singer admitted he had rushed to release the songs. DON'T MISS... Carol Kirkwood shares engagement news with mystery man[LATEST]Carol McGiffin says co-stars threw 'insults' before cancel culture[EXCLUSIVE]Andrea McLean 'needed a salary' amid ITV exit - 'Wasn't making money'[ADMISSION] Mick released the music online along with gritty music videos to showcase the tracks. The dad-of-eight candidly admitted Brexit had left him with a great deal of “anxiety, unknowability, of the changing political situation”. After the vote in 2016, Mick said Brexit, in the short term at least, would be “detrimental”. He added: “I wonder if David Cameron, if he was asked today, whether he would actually want to put this out for a referendum now.” The rocker’s song, England Lost is a collaboration between himself and Grime artist Skepta. It used Mick’s feelings about a hypothetical loss for the England football team as an indication of what state he believes the country is in. He said: “Ostensibly, it’s about seeing an England football team lose, but when I wrote the title I knew it would be about more than that. “It’s about feeling that we are in a difficult moment in our history.” The other song, Gotta Get a Grip reflected on the rocker's past.