Ben Davies has warned Arsenal that Tottenham's performance against Liverpool shows they can compete with the Premier League's best teams. The Welshman was named man of the match as Spurs impressively held the title chasing Reds to a draw on Sunday. That result will give Antonio Conte's men a huge boost heading into Thursday's North London derby. That is a game they need to win to keep their hopes of finishing in the top four alive, and Davies certainly believes Arsenal will be taking on a confident Spurs team. “I’d like to think the performance at Liverpool shows we are going in the right direction, no matter what happens. We have to be competitive against the best teams. I think we’ve shown that this year. We’ve got to up our consistency, we struggled with that for a while but yeah we have to take the positives from results like Liverpool," Davies said. “It has been building up to this for a while now. Ever since it got postponed we were looking to when this game would come because we knew it would be important in the context of the season. READ MORE: Liverpool's Van Dijk disagrees with Klopp after shots fired at Spurs “For us now Thursday is huge. We know what we have to do going into it. There’s no hiding from that. We have to go out there and put in a similar performance to the game at Liverpool.” The Gunners are in pole position to claim the final qualification spot for next year's Champions League. And Davies is under no illusions as to the importance of Thursday's game to Tottenham's season. DON'T MISS: Tottenham have perfect chance to rectify Luis Diaz error (INSIGHT)Tottenham board hold 'reservations' about Mauricio Pochettino return (NEWS)Liverpool star Diaz's dad has highlighted Tottenham's transfer issues (TRANSFERS) “It’s a massive game. Look, we can only do what we can control, and Arsenal have been on a fantastic run," he said, having seen the Gunners defeat Leeds on Sunday to claim their fourth successive win. "You can’t hide from that but there is a lot of pressure to keep it up and do it in the remaining games. We have to control what we can, try and win the game and try to win our remaining games and even then it’s not in our hands but we will see what happens.”