Chris Packham, 61, opened up about the well-documented criticism he receives as a result of his work as a presenter and campaigner. While Chris states that his BBC show, Springwatch, attracts very little backlash, he admits that the hosts’ “often dreadful mispronunciation” can anger viewers. He explained to Express.co.uk and other press: “I should have noted our often dreadful mispronunciation of Scottish, Welsh and Irish districts.  “But we do our best.“Michaela [Strachan] tries a lot harder than I do to say things like ‘loch’, but of course we’ve got Iolo [Williams] there and he always gets it right. So at least one member of the team has the correct vernacular to satisfy the UK audience." Chris has spoken openly about the backlash he has received throughout his career. READ MORE:Catherine Zeta-Jones' emotional tribute as son Dylan, 21, graduates He says that the abuse got so bad that he received death threats, dead animals have been left outside his house, and last year arsonists set fire to a car that burned down his gate. Nevertheless, the wildlife expert maintains that “none of the abuse” comes from his work on Springwatch.He went on: “I get very little abuse as a result of the programme and when we get things wrong, actually, we take a vicarious pleasure in putting our hands up and saying, ‘I got that wrong’.  “We don’t like to be the lecturing experts. We like to be part of the conversation with our audience. “So, as long as they are polite about it, and they invariably are, when we do occasionally make mistakes, it is actually good because it keeps us on our toes.”Chris also said that he has begun to see the abuse he receives as “part of the process” because he is asking people to “change their minds”. He explained: “If you are asking someone to radically rethink a way of thinking that they have held for a long period of time and they aren’t adaptable enough to do that, then occasionally they will lash out.“I don’t see it going away. DON'T MISSTom Hanks' feud with Ricky Gervais laid bare: 'He's on his high horse'[INSIGHT]Dan Walker's father-in-law unimpressed at Champions League final[LATEST]Kay Burley sparks concern as she wears trainers live on Sky News[NEWS] “I see it as being a necessary part of the transformation that I am trying to steer people to so that we can live in a healthier, happier world for wildlife and people.  “I’ve just got to take it on the chin, and that is what I do.”It comes as Springwatch finally returned to BBC Two for its new series.The wildlife programme will be on screens for the next three weeks from Monday to Thursday. In the coming days, Megan [McCubbin] will be enjoying a road trip across the North of England.Meanwhile, Chris and Michaela will be back at Wild Ken Hill in Norfolk as Iolo returns to the Isle of Mull.Springwatch airs on BBC Two at 8pm.