David Baddiel, 57, has spoken up about his friendship with comedian Jimmy Carr after the latter made a controversial joke during his Netflix comedy special, which the former considered to be offensive. He added that despite the trouble, he “hopes” they are still friends. Jimmy received widespread backlash for his joke, in which he made a quip about gypsies who were murdered by the Nazis during the holocaust. David, who has insisted in the past that nothing in comedy should be off-limits, has nevertheless said the joke was indefensible. Reflecting on the row, David said that the situation was “complicated” for him to speak out on. He explained: “It was a complicated thing for me to say because Jimmy is a friend of mine. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman praised after rescuing stranded hiker on mountain “It is not the subject matter but the lineaments of a joke that count. “My position on that has always been the same.” When asked if he was still friends with Jimmy, he responded saying “I hope so.” David, who is Jewish, added in an exclusive interview with Saga magazine: “I haven’t spoke to him recently because he went into hiding a bit.” The joke was made in Jimmy’s Netflix special His Dark Material, which was released on Christmas Day 2021. In the clip, the comedian says: “When people talk about the Holocaust, they talk about the tragedy and horror of six million Jewish lives being lost to the Nazi war machine. “But they never mention the thousands of gypsies that were killed by the Nazis. “No one ever talks about that because no one wants to talk about the positives.” DON'T MISS...Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker steal Met Gala spotlight [PICS]Brooklyn Beckham shirtless as Nicola Peltz dares to bare at Met Gala [LATEST]Anne Hegerty reacts to Mark Labbett's The Chase replacement [INSIGHT] The clip began circulating on social media shortly after the special was released. Several MPs and the Holocaust Memorial Day Trust condemned Carr for the joke. They also called on Netflix to take down the special. On the 5th of February, David shared why he thought the joke was offensive and deserving of criticism on Twitter. He wrote: “You can obviously tell a Holocaust joke that is cruel and inhumane and mean-spirited and racist. “Or you can tell one that targets the oppressors, or draws attention to the fundamental evil of it, or shines a light on the humanity of the victims.” David added to his followers: “I said this every night during my Trolls: Not The Dolls tour as part of a bit arguing that it’s not the subject matter of a joke that counts. “Instead, it’s the specifics of the individual joke. Clearly, Jimmy Carr’s was the former.”