One of the main topics of conversation on Thursday's This Morning was about the cost of living crisis and how thousands of people are struggling to heat their homes. During one segment, Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby spoke with guests Bev Turner and Tom Swarbrick about what they thought about it. However, the discussion got heated when Bev suggested that if someone is struggling, there are plenty of jobs out there. Holly began to discuss the harsh reality of what a lot of families are facing. Reading out examples, she explained some parents are sitting in McDonald's because they can't afford to heat their homes. "It is desperate times and then you hear stories like this and it's one of saddest stories I've ever heard," the host began. "Parents who are living in McDonald's with their kids because of soaring costs, they buy as little food as they can justify. "People have even seen families brushing their teeth in these restaurants and this is the reality of the situation we face." Chipping into the discussion, Bev hit back: "I don't think there are that many people doing that, I think we have to keep it in perspective to some extent." "But still someone is," Holly fumed. "This story hasn't just been made up, this is the reality for someone and if it's one person, that's terrible." Bev went on to reply: "It is terrible but we also have, and I'm going to sound incredibly callous now, but we also have a huge employment shortage, we have more availability for jobs at the moment than we have ever had before." "And who pays for the childcare?" Holly quizzed before Bev added: "If the children are not at school age Holly, I totally agree, that's really difficult. But if your children are at school all day, I'm sorry I just don't think...unless you have a severe mental health problem or a genuine illness, in which case I would urge anyone to seek help for that. "But we have cafes, restaurants, shops, everyone is desperate for staff." DON'T MISS...EastEnders theory: Stacey Slater finds happiness with Walford resident [THEORY]'My life changed' Vera's Brenda Blethyn opens up on marriage breakdown [INSIGHT]Coronation Street fans work out Phill's sinister link to Pat Phelan [REACTION] Phillip, who appeared to be frustrated by Bev's comments, raged: "But it does sound rather callous, because the mere fact of what Holly said they're in McDonald's with their kids, so those kids are maybe not at school age so what else do you do?" "I don't know Phillip, I don't know..." Bev responded before the host interrupted: "I mean essentially you're just saying, 'Go out and get a job.'" Bev's comments sparked outrage with viewers and many took to social media to slam the guest's comments. Stephanie fumed: "Spoken by someone who doesn't have a clue about the poorest people in this Country. F**K off Bev." (sic) Molls raged: "Shut it, Bev. You have no idea! You don’t even have to worry about money! Get her off." While Lisa Leviston added: "Bev u don’t live in the real world. The benefits system is a complete joke and going to the job centre?? Most of them have closed down you stupid woman." "Get on the silly b***h Bev Turner on #thismorning just now. 'Get a job' was her only answer to people spending time in Maccies with their families to keep warm etc. Callous b***h," Jammy Dodger tweeted. Victoria said: "Bev Turner isn’t in the real world is she #ThisMorning." Sir Gordon commented: "Why #ThisMorning gives Beverley Turner airtime I'll never know." This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV.