Liverpool have given Bayern Munich three reasons for their £40million-plus price tag for Sadio Mane this summer as the Senegalese star looks to depart the club for pastures new. Mane, who joined the club in 2016 from Southampton, told reporters before the Champions League final on Saturday that he would decide his future after the game. Publications following the 1-0 defeat claimed that the star was ready for a new experience away from the club. Bayern Munich are the most likely party due to their financial power and need for a winger to compete with Leroy Sane and Serge Gnabry in the long-run. But that may prove to be a tough deal to complete with Liverpool demanding over £40million for the star. The Liverpool Echo claims that bosses of the club feel that Mane's versatility and quality are two outstanding features of his game, as seen by the six accolades he has picked up in his time at Anfield. This, alongside his versatility and excellence at playing anywhere across the front three of the attack, means he is almost irreplaceable for Jurgen Klopp, who will sorely miss him should he seek a new challenge in Bavaria. Mane would more than likely require a higher transfer fee in years gone by, although that has been lowered by the fact that his contract runs out next season. His 23 goals and five assists in just 51 matches this season shows that he can still produce superb numbers in the most prestigious competitions in the world. And the star was unfortunate not to win the Champions League once again after a superb campaign for the Reds, which saw them go two games from an unprecedented treble. Klopp praised his players for their performance in Paris after largely dominating against a resolute Real Madrid side. "After the game when I saw the stats it was 50-50 possession. We had a lot more shots, a lot more shots on target, but the most decisive stat is absolutely on Madrid’s side," Klopp said. "Just to make sure that nobody thinks I wouldn’t congratulate Real Madrid, I do that now but I [also] congratulated everybody present and involved outside personally. "They scored a goal, we didn’t, that’s the easiest explanation in the world of football and it’s hard, harsh to get anyway, [but we] respect that of course. "When the goalkeeper is Man of the Match then something is going wrong for the other team, so we had I think three really big chances where Courtois made incredible saves. I would have loved to have had a few more of this calibre." It is yet to be seen who Liverpool would bring in to replace Mane, although a return deal for Bayern's Gnabry has been mooted, along with a potential swoop for exciting Ajax star Antony.