Chelsea might have just have killed two birds with one stone as they prepare to enter another uneasy season with contract issues looming. The Blues look set to lose Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen this summer for nothing in the transfer window. Chelsea have the ideal solution staring at them amid their contract issues with N'Golo Kante and Jorginho. Both players are entering the final year of their deals and have yet to put pen to paper. Neither have had their best years on the pitch and there has been talk that they could be sold with Paris Saint-Germain keen on Kante and Juventus looking at Jorginho. However, it would be unlikely to see them depart considering the sheer magnitude of business going down in London. Rudiger and Christensen are set to depart when their contracts expire next month for Real Madrid and Barcelona respectively. Chelsea must now act to tie Kante or Jorginho down to new deals or risk a similar situation evolving next year. With the likes of Declan Rice and Aurelien Tchouameni being linked, it is clear that Thomas Tuchel has plans to sign another midfielder. But with so much business to attend to, it would not be a surprise to see this shunted aside for more pressing matters such as in defence and in attack. Fortunately, Chelsea have two players returning from loan who could help alleviate the problem and grow into the role while Kante and Jorginho ponder their futures. Conor Gallagher and Billy Gilmour have had chalk and cheese seasons but their talent cannot be denied. Gallagher finished the year as Crystal Palace's player of the year and was nominated for the Premier League player of the year as well after a sensational campaign. In 34 Premier League appearances, the 22-year-old scored eight times and made three assists but it is his harrying of defenders for 90 minutes every week that saw Palace fans fall in love with the loanee. While still a youngster, Tuchel has already got plans to bring him into the first-team fold next season but he must develop his positional sense to play in midfield for Chelsea. However, there are certainly similarities between Gallagher and Kante that the Blues academy product can learn from. As for Gilmour, it has been something of a nightmare campaign after Norwich were relegated from the Premier League, finishing rock-bottom and regularly on the end of thrashings. At one point, even the fans were getting on the young Scotsman's back but, regardless, it should be something of a learning curve for the midfielder. The 20-year-old made 24 appearances in the Premier League for the Canaries but does not want to go back on loan next year and wants to fight for his spot at Stamford Bridge. Again, if Tuchel can teach the midfielder how to hold the centre of the pitch as a No. 6, there is a real talent there. Jorginho is a master of such a craft, winning the Champions League and European Championships in the same summer last year as a mainstay in both teams. If Gilmour can take a leaf out of the Italian's book, then Chelsea have already landed their replacements targets for both Jorginho and Kante.