Bowel cancer, like all forms of cancer, needs to be acted on as soon as symptoms emerge. That's because cancerous cells spread to other regions, thereby undermining the effectiveness of treatments. Unfortunately, the initial symptoms are sometimes overlooked due to deep-rooted misconceptions about the disease. Therese Grace lost her daughter Amelia Grace, 24, to bowel cancer just 10 months after being diagnosed and her story holds important lessons for spotting cancer. Amelia's symptoms were initially discounted owing to her age, explained Therese on BBC Breakfast. "In 2020 she became unwell with stomach pain and she was feeling lumps and bumps in her stomach," said Therese. Amelia also experienced bleeding from her bottom and blood in her poo and she was tired, she said. "That was mostly January/December 2020." READ MORE: New study finds direct link between diet and molecule linked to cancer - what to avoid As Therese explained, before then she did have "blood in her poo intermittently". Amelia had been to the doctors for blood tests and stool samples taken. But she was never tested for bowel cancer, said Therese. "I was told she was too young for that, it's nothing sinister." DON'T MISSPancreatic cancer: Smell that? The smelly symptom to spot [ADVICE]NHS to stop issuing prescriptions for 35 minor conditions [INSIGHT]Dementia: The red fruit that produces 'significant' improvements [TIPS] Amelia went for scans in relation to her stomach because she was getting pains and the doctors found a cyst on her ovaries. "So in January 2020 she should have had an operation to remove the cyst and flush her Fallopian tubes through," explained Therese. Unfortunately, that got cancelled because of Covid, and from then on Amelia's symptoms "significantly increased". Amelia's "stomach was swollen, she could feel these lumps and bumps. She was tired. Not eating. All the symptoms of bowel cancer", said Therese. As Amelia's mum explained, the doctors were testing for other things and her daughter should have gone for a colonoscopy. In December of that year Amelia finally had the operation to remove the cyst from her ovaries and that's when the surgeon found something. She initially returned home and then went back to the hospital because she wasn't very well. They kept her in and that's when Amelia was told she had cancer. Amelia was then diagnosed with stage 4 bowel cancer and was told it's spread to her liver and ovaries. Amelia passed away in October 2021, just 10 months after being diagnosed with bowel cancer. Around 2,600 people under the age of 50 are diagnosed with bowel cancer every year. Because it's more rare under the age of fifty people keep going back to either rule out bowel cancer or get a diagnosis. "See a GP If you have any of the symptoms of bowel cancer for three weeks or more," advises the NHS.