Italian actor Alessandro Borghi teams with Grey’s Anatomy star Patrick Dempsey in the smash hit Sky drama, Devils, which has recently returned for its second season. As the battle to save the New York London Investment Bank from the economic turmoils of Brexit continues each week, the show’s co-creator revealed the co-leads had more sway behind-the-scenes than viewers might think. Guido Maria Brera, the author of the original novel which forms the basis of Sky’s Italian drama, has revealed more about working with Devils’ core cast. His bestselling 2014 novel of the same name takes place in 2011 and tracks the financial crisis’ impact on stock trading in New York and London. Massimo Ruggero (played by Borghi) is making millions from financial speculation, but his mentor Dominic Morgan (Dempsey) denies him a coveted promotion after his wife gets caught up in a scandal. For the second season, Devils fast-forwards to the weeks surrounding the pivotal Brexit referendum and details the vast financial implications of the UK’s decision to leave the European Union. READ MORE: TalkTV's James Max shocked as caller cuts off heating to save money “The fact I could see this at the time it came about was fascinating and very challenging,” Guido said of the wide scope of Devils’ second season. He went on to tell media including Express.co.uk: “For me to do that I needed to have very courageous and daring producers. “And then the actors, Patrick and Alessandro, who decided to be on board. And I was really impressed.” The trading experts’ partnership in the second season has proven even more strained as Massimo struggles to deal with the death of a colleague and further scandals within the industry. With Chinese investors and speculative technology in play, Massimo and NYL are on track to gain millions from the Brexit vote. However, risky investments, interpersonal drama and a risky 5G deal with the EU all threaten to throw his career off course. As the stakes get increasingly higher, Massimo and Dominic’s mind games are even more compelling than ever thanks, in part, to some assistance from the co-stars themselves. Guido explained at the show’s recent press conference: “They didn’t just stay there passively, just reading their scripts. DON'T MISS:Eamonn Holmes defends France for betrayal of Falklands vets [COMMENT]Law and Order: SVU set for upheaval after showrunner exits [LATEST]NCIS LA season 13: Callen and Anna romance dealt huge blow [SPOILERS] “But they even tried to re-write it and interpret it, played with the [scripts] with a flow of ideas and opinions.” Not only did Alessandro and Patrick manage to shed a light on the exciting side of the complex world of investment banking, but their years of television experience helped to guide the narrative of Devils’ second season. By the end of the series, a new beginning is forged for the two banking friends-turned-rivals, as Massimo plots to take advantage of the Covid-19 pandemic to launch himself to the top. “For me, they were not really actors but co-authors and partners,” Guido added. Devils has yet to be officially renewed for a third season, but both the producers and actors were eager to see how the story can continue into the 2020s. Patrick also teased: “I found it really satisfying the way it ends. “Because you could see how it could continue. But it’s the arc of the overall characters that I found the most fascinating.” If the financial thriller does continue, Alessandro and Patrick could take on an even more crucial role in deciding where their characters go next. Devils season 2 premieres Friday, April 29, 2022, at 9pm on Sky Atlantic with all episodes available via NOW and Sky On Demand.