The Blacklist has enthralled its fans for almost a decade as wanted fugitive Reddington (played by James Spader) agreed to work alongside the FBI in order to catch some of America's most prolific criminals. The NBC series has seen some major shake-ups over the years, including the exit of actress Megan Boone as Liz Keen at the end of season eight. With just the series nine grand finale left to air, the next question on everyone's minds is whether or not it will be back for more. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Blacklist. Fans of The Blacklist have nothing to worry about in terms of the drama's future. NBC renewed the espionage series back in February with actor Spader making the announcement on The Tonight Show starring Jimmy Fallon. While speaking to the talkshow host, Spader said: "[W]e just got picked up just this afternoon. "[E]veryone was hustling around to try and do it, so we could announce it on the show." READ MORE: The Last Kingdom's Eliza Butterworth on co-star Alexander Dreymon For a time, it was unclear if The Blacklist would be able to carry on without its lead actress Boone who was FBI Agent Liz Keen. She was the reason Reddington agreed to work with the Government in the first place so when Liz was killed at the end of series eight, were unsure if it would still be as good without her presence. Season nine picked up two years after the incident with Liz being murdered by one of Neville Townsend's (Reg Rogers) henchmen. Nevertheless, the ratings have proved doubters wrong and that the show really can go on. According to Variety, season nine has received around 22 million viewers across both linear and digital platforms. The Blacklist has seen a 200 percent growth spurt from its live and same-day average viewers. In addition to this, the drama is the fourth-highest broadcast drama in terms of its upscale audience. Unfortunately, it could be quite a while before the new series makes its debut. DON'T MISS...BBC Breakfast's 'out of touch' Platinum Jubilee coverage sparks uproar [REACTION]The Blacklist season 9 finale: Panabaker's return confirmed [CAST]The Blacklist fans demand Dembe return after Red reunion [EXPLAINER] NBC has announced its fall schedule plans and The Blacklist has not been listed as returning in September as it usually would. This means that the 10th season is likely to premiere sometime in early 2023 instead. Series nine isn't quite over yet though as there is still the finale to look forward to. And going by previous seasons' last episodes, this is bound to be a gripping instalment. The Blacklist season nine, episode 22, the grand finale, will be entitled Marvin Gerard: Conclusion Pt. 2, following the plot that began in the penultimate instalment. The description reads: "Red and Cooper square off with conflicting endgames for their mutual traitor. "A major secret about the task force falls into the wrong hands." The Blacklist is available to watch on NBC in America and Amazon Prime Video in the UK.