Paramount Network’s hit western series Yellowstone is officially in production, thanks to a recent revelation from Beth Dutton star Kelly Reilly. The actress also dropped a major update about season five which caused a frenzy with fans.  After Yellowstone came to a shocking end in January, fans have been eagerly awaiting the release of season five to find out the fates of their favourite characters. In the unexpected scenes, Jamie Dutton (played by Wes Bentley) was forced to do the unthinkable after betraying his family. He was forced to do so by his sister Beth Dutton (Kelly Reilly) who took the opportunity to one up her brother and obtain dirt on him. Thankfully for fans, the actress shared a highly desired update about the show's upcoming instalment. READ MORE: Stranger Things season 4 release time: What time is it on Netflix? Taking to Instagram. Kelly shared a scenic photo of the greenery and mountains in Montana. The caption read: “Lily of the valley made it from my garden today to this beautiful valley in Montana . “I have missed these mountains so much, this cast and crew and of course her.” With confirmation that production for season five had officially begun, fans were sent into a frenzy as they shared their excitement in her comment section. This included @queenmela32 who wrote: “Can't wait for the new season and to find out what on earth happens!!!! Rewatching it again for the third time from the beginning.” After posting the post, Kelly then returned to the comments to add another major update about season five. The actress revealed: “Forgot to say November 13th ! 14 episodes folks.” This caused a further frenzy under the comment as fans as they responded to the actress with glee DON'T MISS...BBC Breakfast's 'out of touch' Platinum Jubilee coverage sparks uproar [REACTION]Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly pays tribute to former co-star [INSIGHT]1883’s Faith Hill fights tears recalling ‘tough’ Yellowstone death [INSIGHT] An excited @gypsy_rose_love23 shared: “Cannot. Wait.” @sunny.s.spencer added: “Already counting down the days!!” A fourth viewer @debala0916 commented: “Music to my ears Kelly, I’ve hoped forever more episodes would be added, so happy, can’t wait for Season 5!” While @strric9 celebrated: “My birthday gift this year, can’t wait!!” With an official date for its return, fans can look forward to seeing the Dutton family make their comeback to screens, as each star will be reprising their roles. This is also the case for the season for newcomers Jacki Weaver who played Caroline Warner and Piper Perabo who was Summer Higgins, who are both expected to return for season five. With a number of different storylines left unresolved from season four, fans will have to tune in to see what the outcome will be for their favourite characters. Yellowstone season 5 will air on The Paramount Network on November 13. 