Real Madrid ace Toni Kroos stormed out of a German television interview after being asked two “s**t” questions in the aftermath of Los Blancos’ Champions League triumph over Liverpool. The La Liga outfit won 1-0 in Paris thanks to Vinicius Junior’s second-half goal.   It was a relatively tepid clash between two of Europe’s most historic clubs. Karim Benzema had a first-half strike controversially disallowed for offside before Vinicius scored the game’s only goal midway through the second period. Real managed to frustrate Liverpool and limited the Premier League runners-up to few chances. When Jurgen Klopp’s side had a sight of goal, they found shot-stopper Thibaut Courtois in sensational form. Midfield star Kroos was therefore angered when asked by a German broadcaster about the Reds ‘dominating’. In a tense exchange posted to social media, the 32-year-old can be seen growing visibly frustrated with the questions being asked in the interview. JUST IN: Gary Neville brutally twists knife after Real Madrid beat Liverpool In response to being quizzed about Liverpool ‘dominating’ Kroos eventually snaps: “You had 90 minutes and you come up with two s*** questions.” The Germany international is then led away from the interview by a press officer but walks up to the journalist again. He shouts: “Two negative questions, you can tell right away that you're German." Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti left Liverpool’s rivals Everton in the summer to re-join the Spanish giants. The Italian completed a remarkable first season back at the Bernabeu by winning La Liga, the Spanish Super Cup and now the Champions League. DON'T MISS...Jurgen Klopp makes huge Liverpool prediction after Real Madrid defeatRicharlison brutally trolls Liverpool after Champions League defeatRio Ferdinand perplexed by Michael Owen's 'disrespectful' comment The victory against Liverpool, secured as Vinicius tapped home Federico Valverde’s cross-shot, marked Ancelotti’s fourth Champions League success - an outright record for a head coach. Madrid incredibly defeated Paris Saint-Germain, Chelsea and Manchester City to set up the showpiece event with Liverpool. Asked about his record and how Madrid overcame so many great teams, Ancelotti told BT Sport: “I can’t believe. I cannot believe. We are really happy. What can I say? I cannot say more. “I am a record man. I had the luck to come here last year and we’ve had a fantastic season. I found a squad, as usual, with a lot of quality and a lot of mental character. “We passed through some really difficult games. The supporters helped us a lot. Tonight, I’m really happy that they are happy.”  