Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge made a two-day visit to Scotland earlier this week to complete engagements centred on mental health awareness. During his visit, William showed his softer side when he hugged a pensioner who was visibly overwhelmed to meet him. Members of the Royal Family tend to avoid hugging members of the public, but this isn't the first time that royal moderniser William has done away with the usual royal protocols. Speaking on behalf of Slingo, body language expert Darren Stanton told Goodto.com that the move showed how William and Kate are "empathetic" royals. He said: “During his appearance in Glasgow, Prince William was seen hugging an emotional elderly man as he interacted with crowds. "Such a moment marks an unprecedented demonstration of just how authentic, empathetic and open Kate and William are. “As per royal protocol, the Queen will never shake hands with anyone with bare hands. You’ll notice if she’s shaking hands with another person, she will always be wearing gloves and it’s one of the traditions she has adopted throughout her reign.” Here are three other ways William has ripped up the royal rulebook in recent years. READ MORE: Prince Charles 'will need' Meghan and Harry back in Royal Family  As shellfish can cause infection in some cases, members of the Royal Family tend to steer clear of it when out on royal engagements or trips abroad. But William is a self-professed sushi lover, and while touring cultural centre Japan House on Kensington High Street in 2018, William said: “My wife and I love sushi. “We might have to come down here for lunch when there’s no one else down.” Kate was also pictured recently sampling conch, a marine snail, while on a royal visit to the Bahamas to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee.  Prince William and his eldest child Prince George are both in line to the throne, so technically both should not travel together via plane during trips abroad. The rule isn't set in stone, but it is thought to be in place to protect the monarchy in case the worst should happen. But William has frequently done away with this rule, and he has been pictured on multiple occasions over the years disembarking with George from the same aircraft. DON'T MISS:How Prince William saved Prince Harry from moment of 'distress' [INSIGHT]Kate and Prince William's children to come under 'intense pressure' [ANALYSIS]William broke royal protocol in heartwarming moment with pensioner [PICTURES]  Royal Family members tend to avoid selfies with royal fans while out and about on engagements. But the Cambridges have broken this rule on occasion, most recently while in Jamaica on their royal tour in March 2022. The couple posed in a bobsled while meeting the country's bobsleigh and skeleton team, and the pair looked truly delighted in the snap. 