Why should they be able to stop people getting to their work, holiday, etc and still be paid? If they were working in another type of job they wouldn’t be paid if they didn’t go in. These railway workers are on good salaries and should be thankful they have a job at all. The same goes for people supposedly working from home, with no transport costs, no need to dress smartly, etc. Of course some work hard from home. But it is easy to sit about in pyjamas and have as many cups of tea and coffee as you want. Jill Rey, Stockport, Cheshire ----------------------------------------------- The same old Tory from power-mad union chiefs So THIS is what we can expect from the rail unions. Whenever things look good for a Tory government, they will cause as much trouble as possible. The leaders of the union want to change government by force and not by the ballot box. Because of the current economic climate, there is little money to go around. We have to live through this situation. Malcolm Seddon, Barnsley, S Yorks ----------------------------------------------- Bosses sitting pretty as nation deals with fallout The Rail, Maritime and Transport union should be outlawed and members of the union should be boycotting it until management take a vast cut in salary, not striking for more money (“Bumper pay packets of the union bosses”, May 25). How were they allowed to give themselves such big salaries? Do they have the interests of their members at heart? People trying to cope with rising costs while getting to work should not need to find alternative transport while union members sit at home on full pay. Suzi White, Taunton, Somerset ----------------------------------------------- Gun massacre heartache rocks America once again Another school shooting in America, this time Texas, with 19 children and two teachers dead (“Texas shooting: Joe Biden calls for action on gun laws following school ‘massacre’”, May 25). It’s not the first massacre in the country and it won’t be the last until someone makes that all important decision about gun control. A very sad day. Trevor Buckle, Lichfield