Lewis Hamilton has been tipped to concern Mercedes team-mate George Russell as he gets used to the W13 car. Russell has so far outshone the seven-times world champion this season. Hamilton is still familiarising himself with the new vehicle, which was revamped ahead of this season due to sweeping changes to the regulations. Both Mercedes drivers have struggled with their cars bouncing, although Russell has seemed to deal with the issue far better. There has been just one podium finish for Hamilton this year, coming in the first Grand Prix in Bahrain. The 37-year-old has finished among the middle of the grid for the rest of the season. But Sky Sports pundit Paul di Resta has backed Hamilton to ‘worry’ Russell while he acclimatises to the new Mercedes vehicle. The former Williams reserve driver was asked why Russell was coping better than Hamilton, responding: “It’s not suiting him, some cars are like that with drivers. It depends on the nature of how you drive in it and how you feel in it. It looks like it’s a bit more scrappy for Lewis. JUST IN: Federer visits Hamilton and Russell sending Spanish GP fans wild “I believe he will get it together, and when Lewis does that, that’s when you’ve got to worry as his team-mate because he just keeps going. When the pressure ramps up, he tends to deliver more and more. “I think with Lewis being a bit more settled and a bit happier, you can see he’s in a different mindset. Grands Prix like [Sunday], higher preservation comes in. That’s when his wealth of experience will shine through.” Hamilton has heaped ‘pressure’ on Mercedes to continue improving the W13’s performance, Di Resta believes. The former McLaren ace has frequently called on his team to ensure he records better finishes. DON'T MISS...Federer visits Hamilton and Russell sending Spanish GP fans wildGeorge Russell raises Mercedes doubts after Spanish GP practiceLewis Hamilton reacts to Valtteri Bottas making £42,000 for bum pics “Lewis has had a lot of luck at some points in his career. He’s definitely successful because he’s put the hard work in - he’s not going to give up. The only consolation for him is that they (Mercedes) are not winning races while he is losing out,” Di Resta continued. “You can see the frustration in him and he’s questioning the team. He’s applying a lot of pressure that we’ve not heard on the radio, and he’s making them work [hard].” Hamilton told Sky Sports after qualifying in sixth ahead of the Spanish GP: “The team have done such a great job, so big, big thank you to everyone at both factories. We don’t have bouncing in a straight line, which is a huge improvement for us, and the car has generally been nicer this weekend. “We do have some bouncing through the high speed corners like Turn 3 and Turn 9, so we just need to keep working away at that and gain a little bit more downforce. I’m a little bit gutted because I want to be a little bit further ahead, and George has been able to, but I’ll keep pushing.”