Thousands lost their lives as Covid-19 cut a swathe through our communities – but, equally, thousands of cancer sufferers missed out on vital check-ups and were denied life-saving treatment. We are now playing catch-up, with record numbers being referred to specialists – although there are still some 30,000 people still waiting for the help they desperately need. A lack of face-to-face appointments with GPs is coming back to haunt us and while the NHS says that 95 percent of all cancer patients should have to wait no longer than 62 days before starting treatment, that target has not been met for six years. Our record in general when it comes to cancer detection is poor compared with other European countries. This now must become an NHS priority. Cancer shows no mercy and remains the biggest killer disease of them all. Early detection is paramount. People must be encouraged to come forward and not suffer in silence as they have done for the last two years. --------------------------- Look around the world and you see many countries modelling their parliamentary system on the British one. In the past we have taken pride in our constitutional democracy – but we are now in danger of becoming a laughing stock. And it isn’t the slightest bit funny. In March, an inquiry described former speaker John Bercow as a “serial bully”, and Conservative MPs Imran Ahmad Khan and Neil Parish have resigned within weeks of each other; Khan after being convicted of sexually assaulting a 15-year-old boy and Parish after admitting that he watched pornography in the House of Commons. Further stories about excessive drinking, a lack of respect for women and general boorish behaviour have surfaced. What’s needed now is a radical overhaul to bring Westminster in line with other working environments, where drunkenness and misogyny lead to instant dismissal. Only then will our lawmakers have a chance of being respected by the British people. Only then will the reputation of British democracy stand a chance of being restored. ---------------------- In just over a month’s time, the party will begin – and although the Queen might not be strong enough to make an appearance on the Buckingham Palace balcony, there will be no shortage of stirring moments during the Platinum Jubilee weekend. In what must be a blow for those who wish to see an end to the monarchy, nearly two-thirds of Britons plan to celebrate Her Majesty’s reign. We are delighted to hear it. Let’s put on a show of unity of the kind not witnessed since, well, the Queen’s Diamond Jubilee in 2012.