Game Of Thrones stars Kit Harington, 35, and Rose Leslie, 35, were among celebrities at Sunday’s Monaco Grand Prix. The couple were in Monte Carlo to watch the race and support Kit’s brother, John, who is a member of the Red Bull team. Upon their arrival at the Circuit de Monaco, Kit gave a rare insight into his family life with Rose and how he is finding things as a new parent.When asked by Sky Sports pundit Martin Brundle about any upcoming projects, the Jon Snow actor replied: "I've got a couple of films I'm going to do in the UK this year. READ MORE:Monty Don details difficult time after he and wife 'lost everything' In the interview, Kit also discussed his love of Formula One.He explained: “It’s a family thing, I've been watching it since I was knee-high and now my brother works at Red Bull.“So yeah, I’m a big Formula One fan.” Kit and Rose met on the set of Game Of Thrones and began dating in 2011. They played on-screen lovers, Jon Snow and wildling Ygritte, from season two until season four.They then married in 2018 at Rose’s family castle in Scotland.The ceremony was attended by their Game Of Thrones castmates including Emilia Clarke, Sophie Turner, Maisie Williams and Peter Dinklage. DON'T MISSHelen Mirren, 76, unrecognisable in heavy makeup and hair extensions[PICTURES]Eamonn Holmes set to undergo surgery as host unable to walk his dog[INSIGHT]Rachel Riley replaces BBC presenter as Countdown star in new role[LATEST] The couple confirmed the arrival of their baby boy in February 2021.Kit later spoke about fatherhood and what had surprised him most about raising a child.He told Access Hollywood last year: “I think the thing that's surprised me most is, you know, they tell you, 'Look, it's big. What you're about to go through is big,' and you have no way of knowing that until it happens. "You don't get a break from it... Every day I wake up and look after this little human and now we're part of a unit together."You are now a unit, the three of you."That's a whole new dynamic you need to find, and pretty much find every day as he grows and changes, and how that changes you. It's a beautiful thing, it really is."