Jesse Lingard was told he wasn’t a starter for Manchester United when his representatives held talks with the club earlier in the season, according to reports. Despite dazzling at West Ham last term, the England international has barely been given a chance at Old Trafford by both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. Now, a parting of the ways seems to be on the cards. Many Manchester United fans were expecting Lingard to play a big role this season given his fine form for West Ham. However, the England international has been a peripheral figure throughout the course of the campaign and is now primed to leave Old Trafford on a free transfer. Now, The Athletic say Lingard’s representatives held talks with key figures at United earlier in the campaign. And they brutally told the player’s camp that, despite his impressive performances for the Hammers, he simply wasn’t considered a starter at the club. While that’s the case, however, United still refused to let their academy graduate go in January. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Tottenham were interested but, with Spurs rivals when it comes to qualifying for the Champions League, the Red Devils turned them down. And it was a similar story with West Ham, who were keen on taking Lingard to the London Stadium on a permanent basis. Newcastle were another team who were targeting Lingard in January. But the Toon were rebuffed, with some industry insiders claiming United fear what they could become in the coming years. United telling Lingard he’s not a starter, despite his years of loyal service and trophies won, was a blow to the playmaker. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag And he was denied the chance to play for the club at Old Trafford for the last time during his side’s 3-0 win over Brentford on Monday night. Rangnick explained that decision by saying: “Yes, but for personal and family reasons he didn’t train a lot. “I think yesterday [Sunday] was the first training session after he asked me [to give him] some time at home. “Again, tonight was one of those nights where I would have loved to have five substitutes for other players; Alejandro Garnacho, I would have loved to have brought him on at 3-0 and let him play for 15 minutes. “Then I had to decide whether to bring on him or Edinson Cavani, and that’s why I decided to bring on Edinson.” THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Lingard’s brother criticised United for the way they’ve treated his sibling in the aftermath of the Brentford snub. “20 years of blood sweat and tears, 4 domestic trophies, 3 cup final goal. Not even a farewell,” he said on Instagram. “No wonder it’s Conference League next year. "Attacking players for celebrations when the clubs being sold to the super league ok. “Class of 92, Busby Babes, you’re ran by people who don’t even know the offside trap. Classless and the fans need to realise. Goodnight, godbless! Tarar. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Been there since 9 years of age and didn’t even get a send off!!! “Well done bro your family are proud.” Lingard could be involved when United lock horns with Brighton at the Amex Stadium on Saturday (5.30pm). They won 2-0 at Old Trafford earlier in the campaign, with Cristiano Ronaldo and Bruno Fernandes on target.