The Gogglebox couple have become fan favourites after leaving viewers in hysterics ever since they first joined the show in 2018. While the couple are a familiar sight, their children have largely been kept off-screen. Together, the pair have a son Yash, and Mica has two daughters, Sachelle and Shuggy, from a previous relationship, who have appeared on the Channel 4 show previously. Marcus also has a child from a previous relationship, 22-year-old son Shiloh Defreitas. But many viewers may not know that Marcus’s son Shiloh has his own fan base aside from his father's Gogglebox fame. Shiloh has pursued a successful career as a boxer, under the name Sugar Shy, and has appeared in fights at the O2 in London. READ MORE: Jodie Comer risks wardrobe malfunction in daring gown at BAFTAs The sports star has tens of thousands of followers on social media and has also posted videos of him training with dad Marcus. Marcus is a boxing coach and gym owner, having founded TM Boxing Gym in 2009 to work with disadvantaged young people in their local community. Marcus’s business website states: “The main focus of the gym was to work with disadvantaged youth from the local community. “We then went on to running sessions for the general public in the evenings as an interest quickly grew.  He continued: “Shy told me that he'd never let me pull him out of a fight and would rather die in the ring - but he's my baby. “He doesn't want me to throw in the towel but am I going to sit there and watch my son potentially die in the ring? “We love the sport but I'll always choose my boy over boxing, any day of the week.” Shiloh said that he tried going on Gogglebox once after requests from the producers, but it didn't work out. DONT MISS:Janet Jackson, 55, stuns in rare public appearance in all-black outfit (PHOTOS)Emmerdale's Mark Charnock left 'exhausted' by 'hellish' stroke plot (NEWS)Hollyoaks' Sophie Porley apologises for online absence amid cyst op (LATEST) Marcus told the BBC: “Gogglebox is not for everyone. “Not everyone can 'Goggle'. He's too aggressive. “Me and him just argued so I told him to sling his hook."  He added: “The producers were trying to help him out but then he'd go off on one again. "No Gogglebox for him, he's a fighter.” Gogglebox airs Friday on Channel 4 at 9pm.