After two postponements due to the pandemic, Queen and Adam Lambert are finally gearing up for their long-awaited UK and Europe Rhapsody tour. Brian May, Roger Taylor and their singing collaborator are about to embark on an epic 36 dates of concerts, kicking off in Belfast on May 27 and concluding in Finland in late July. The show has been called, “the latest astonishing chapter in the story of rock’s greatest band, putting a brand new, highly distinctive spin on over five decades of Queen’s music”, and the trio couldn’t be more excited to finally get back out there. Book tickets for the Queen and Adam Lambert tour here. Roger Taylor said: “We are all absolutely gagging to get out there and start filling arenas with Queen again. I was lucky enough to play a tour last October to promote my album Outsider, which was great fun but it was obviously a more modest outing. However, playing with Queen is the real deal. It was so frustrating when the Rhapsody Tour was interrupted in March 2020, and it feels as if we’ve been suspended in aspic ever since. But I’m absolutely overjoyed that the half a million or more people who bought tickets for this leg of the tour have kept their tickets. The absolute joy of being able to get out and connect with thousands of people is palpable.” Brian May shared: “Just the thought of getting back on tour is incredibly exciting. I can feel the tension building already! Two years ago we finished the Australia leg of our tour, which included the Fire Fight benefit concert at the ANZ Stadium in Sydney, in front of around 75,000 people. That was like another Live Aid and it was one of the best concerts we’ve ever played. So we were on a real emotional high after that. We’d played the States, Korea, Japan, New Zealand and Australia – and we were then plunged straight into lockdown. So we now have a real obligation to deliver, after postponing these dates twice. We’ve got the crew back together. There will be no compromises. This is going to be a full Queen show. There’s nothing like it. We are all so excited to see people’s reactions and exceed everybody’s expectations.” Adam Lambert added: “I am so anxious to get back on stage! It has been incredibly frustrating for all musicians over the last two years, because we really do live for this physical connection with the audience. We had just played an amazing tour of America, Japan, South Korea, Australia and New Zealand, and we were all ready to play Britain and Europe, but then lockdown happened. I was very lucky to do a few shows on my own last year – but there is nothing like being on a stadium and arena tour with Queen. It is such a thrill and I am desperate to get out there again.” Here are the full tour dates for Queen and Adam Lambert’s UK and Europe tour: DON'T MISSBrian May launches special gift for Spanish world with new music video [BRIAN MAY]Brian May ‘heartbroken’ Another World wasn't in Sliding Doors movie [SLIDING DOORS]Brian May on Freddie Mercury death ‘Rog and I completely overreacted’ [FREDDIE MERCURY] May 27 & 28 Belfast, UKMay 30 & 31 Manchester, UKJune 2 & 3 Glasgow, UKJune 5, 6, 8, & 9 London, UKJune 11 & 12 Birmingham, UKJune 14, 15, 17, 18, 20 & 21 London, UKJune 24 Berlin, GermanyJune 26 Cologne, GermanyJune 28 Zurich, SwitzerlandJune 29 Munich, GermanyJuly 1 & 2 Amsterdam, NetherlandsJuly 7 Madrid, SpainJuly 10 Bologna, ItalyJuly 13 Paris, FranceJuly 15 Antwerp, BelgiumJuly 17 & 18 Copenhagen, DenmarkJuly 20 Stockholm, SwedenJuly 21 Oslo, NorwayJuly 24 & 25 Tampere, Finland To book tickets for Queen and Adam Lambert’s UK and European tour, click here.