Senior MPs have launched an inquiry this week to determine whether France lied about a "kill switch"on Exocet missiles which caused the deaths of several British sailors in the Falklands War. French President Mitterrand denied its existence at the time, but Eamonn Holmes stunned some TV viewers on Thursday morning when he claimed France shouldn’t have to inform the UK about their weapons on GB News. Holmes and his co-host Isabel Webster spoke to former Liberal Democrat minister Norman Baker about the headline on Thursday. “What do you make of this story on the front page of the Daily Telegraph about Falklands vets and Lord Tebbit calling for this reexamination of the Exocet missiles that sunk HMS Sheffield?” Holmes asked. “There was a kill switch which these people objecting believe the French should have told them about. “The French had sold the missiles to the Argentinians and the UK is now saying, ‘Well they should have told us they could have neutered these missiles.’ READ MORE: TalkTV's James Max shocked as caller cuts off heating to save money “I think it’s awful, I think it’s unfortunate. But I don’t see how and why the French should have told the UK.” The inquiry was launched on the 40th Anniversary of the HMS Sheffield attack, which caused the first British casualty in the Falklands War. MPs are now demanding to know whether or not the French government could have informed Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher and her Cabinet the missiles could have been remotely deactivated. Holmes’ view on the debate may have surprised some viewers as he believed the French shouldn’t be held responsible, even if the allegations are true. Baker agreed with his sentiment, adding: “No, Eamonn, I think you’re right. “All countries sell arms to all sorts of regimes, sometimes above board and sometimes through quite shady methods. “We can’t anticipate how they’re going to be used. We’ve got these so-called NU certificates which guarantee how they’re going to be used defensively. “Well, frankly, they’re not worth the paper they’re written on half the time. It’s a nasty business. DON'T MISS:Law and Order: SVU set for upheaval after showrunner exits [LATEST]NCIS LA season 13: Callen and Anna romance dealt huge blow [TEASER]Outlander season 7 theory: Tom Christie confesses to Malva’s murder [SPOILERS] “It’s a very profitable business for Britain. We sell lots of arms to lots of countries, and so do the French. That’s just the way it is.” The inquiry is based on UK experts believing the missiles could have contained such a feature due to earlier versions bought by the British Army. Chairman of Parliament's defence select committee Tobias Ellwood said the issue “warrants further investigation” and former defence secretary Liam Fox said France should be “open and honest” about their part in the 1982 war. Ellwood said: “We don't know the wider decision-making that surrounded this. Indeed, those responsible might not even be alive today. “As we look to future battles we must learn from past events, and that includes how we work with allies and how we share critical intelligence. “It certainly would have been game-changing had France chosen to share this characteristic of the Exocet.” The French manufacturer behind the weapons, Aerospatiale, has denied the existence of the kill switch. Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel airs weekdays from 6am on GB News.