Gary Lineker has taken to Twitter to react to the news Kylian Mbappe is increasingly likely to stay at Paris Saint-Germain. The France international has been a top target for Real Madrid. However, with the summer transfer window creeping closer, it now appears he’s primed to stay at the Parc des Princes. Mbappe has been on Real Madrid’s radar for some time, now. He turned down the club back in the summer transfer window of 2017, instead choosing to join PSG because he wanted to make history in his homeland. All signs have been pointing to Mbappe heading to the Bernabeu this summer, with his PSG contract due to expire. Yet the 23-year-old is now looking likely to stay at PSG, amid claims the club have promised him full control on footballing matters. And Lineker has now weighed in, insisting he’s ‘not surprised’ at Mbappe choosing to stay put. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “Not overly surprised,” the former Barcelona, Leicester and Tottenham star said on Twitter. “He’s had such a brilliant season playing alongside 2 absolute greats [Lionel Messi and Neymar], and it’s his home City. “Oh, and it appears that he’ll now practically run the club.” Reports have suggested PSG will let Mbappe have a say in whoever replaces Mauricio Pochettino, who is likely to be sacked. The Argentine failed to win the Champions League this year and, though he steered the team to Ligue 1 glory, a parting of the ways is on the cards. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here PSG will also apparently let Mbappe dictate their transfer policy, too. That includes new signings, with the French titans presently being linked with Manchester United star Paul Pogba. And that also relates to outgoings as well, with PSG eager to overhaul their squad as they hunt European glory. Madrid, if they are turned down by Mbappe, will miss out on the player for the third time. They previously had him on trial when he was a teenager, only for the forward to develop at Monaco instead. And Real had hoped to win the race for him in 2017 before Mbappe rocked then by joining Real Madrid instead. Meanwhile, Mbappe’s mother Fayza Lamari recently opened up on her son’s future. And she claimed that the offers from PSG and Madrid were both similar, while revealing Mbappe himself will decide his future. "We will not have new meetings to discuss Mbappe's future, these meetings are now over,” she said. "Now we have found an agreement with both Real Madrid and PSG and the discussions are over because it is Kylian who has to choose now. “The two offers, that of PSG and Real, are almost identical. “At Real, my son will have control of his image rights. We will now await his decision. "In the Real Madrid offer we have full power of image rights, on the other hand there is an economic balance that rewards this thing. “In short, there is no difference between the two are similar.” Mbappe will be hoping to feature when PSG take on Metz on Saturday night (8pm).