The 51-year-old has been part of the Pointless presenting duo for 12 years but announced last month he was leaving the BBC quiz show. Richard Osman announced it was time for someone else to host alongside Alexander Armstrong. Speaking about his decision, the presenter told This Morning hosts Phillip Schofield and Rochelle Humes the job “takes a lot out of you”. Richard, who also hosts his own show House Of Games and has penned several bestsellers, decided he had to focus more on his other ventures. He explained: “It takes a lot out of you. “My thing has been people only play Pointless once or twice, and I want to give them a good time and have it be exciting for everyone. “So, I’ve always given 100 percent to Pointless, and I was getting to the stage where I don’t have time to give 100 percent to everything. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Tim Metcalfe gets devastating health update “I had done 12 years of it, so if one thing could go, because I still love House of Games, and I love doing the writing. “It was just the one thing where I was like, you know what let someone else have a go at this.” It’s not known who will take over from Richard when he steps down later this year but they’ll certainly have big shoes to fill. Richard told 1.1million followers in April: “SOME NEWS! After 13 wonderful years I'm leaving daytime Pointless, to concentrate on writing. “Will still be doing the celebrity shows and 'HouseOfGames'. “It has been the GREATEST pleasure and I can't wait to start watching as a viewer. Thank you to everyone!” He added: “Will miss the whole team, especially the incomparable @XanderArmstrong. “Thank you to everyone who watches, it really has been a dream, and I know the show will continue to go from strength to strength.” DON'T MISS...'Sleeps on piles of gold!' The Chase stars mock Bradley Walsh's salary [LATEST]Richard Osman gushes over 'happiness' with partner on red carpet [PICTURES]'Never mess with Susie' Rachel Riley warns amid Anne's Countdown exit [UPDATE] Signing off, Richard commented: “#TheThursdayMurderClub has become such a juggernaut around the world I simply couldn't keep up with my schedule. “Delighted I'll still be involved in Pointless Celebrities though. I will still always be your Pointless friend.” While fans are guessing who will take over from Richard, many have speculated he could move to Countdown as Anne Robinson has quit as host. However, the presenter ruled himself out as he joked he is “mortal enemies” with Susie Dent. He tweeted: “I keep reading I'm the favourite to be the new Countdown host. But there are 3 problems. “1. I just gave up a show I love because I have no time. “2. @susiedent and I are mortal enemies. 3. They should give the job to @ColinMurray.” Colin will in fact be taking over as temporary host from July to November. Pointless airs weekdays on BBC One from 5.15pm.