Erik ten Hag has told his close friends that he is excited to work with Cristiano Ronaldo at Manchester United next season. There has been some speculation over whether Ronaldo would stay at Old Trafford and see out the final year of his contract, but Ten Hag is keen to keep the 37-year-old forward on the books this summer.    Ten Hag is so eager to get to work at Carrington that he has terminated his contract with Ajax early to bring forward his start date with United. The Dutchman, who has ordered his players to report for pre-season training two weeks earlier than originally planned, will have his first day in charge of the club on Monday after leaving Ajax following their 2-2 draw against Vitesse in the final match of the Eredivisie season on Sunday. "I am switching very rapidly, yes,” he said. “But is it really necessary, because a lot of things need to be dealt with.” One of those things is settling on the make-up of his squad for the 2022/23 campaign. Ronaldo is United’s top-scorer this season, with 24 goals in 37 games, but there has been much debate over his place in the side, due to a supposed lack of pressing off the ball. But according to The Mirror, Ten Hag is unconcerned by those claims and has told friends he wants to work with the Portuguese forward. JUST IN: Barcelona chief speaks out on Man Utd transfer links to De Jong  Ten Hag wants Ronaldo to stay and see out the final year of his deal, because statistically he has been the side’s top performer under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick this season. Ronaldo signed a two-year contract when he returned to the club from Juventus last summer which would take him into a 21st year as a professional. Ten Hag’s stance appears to be in agreement with Ronaldo himself, who spoke about the 52-year-old ahead of United’s final game of the season against Crystal Palace on Sunday.  DON'T MISS Man Utd new manager Erik ten Hag may have been done favour by Man City Ten Hag's Man Utd transfer target ticks the boxes for Scholes demands Man Utd's XI with N'Golo Kante under Erik ten Hag after deal request "What I know about him is he did a fantastic job for Ajax, that he's an experienced coach," Ronaldo told the club website. "But we need to give him time. Things need to change the way he wants. "I hope we have success, of course, because, if you have success, all of Manchester is going to have success as well. I wish him the best. We are happy and excited, not only as players, but the supporters as well. I wish him the best and let's believe that, next year, we are going to win trophies." 