Heading into the fifth season of Paramount Network’s Yellowstone, the future of Monica Dutton (played by Kelsey Asbille) and Jamie Dutton (Wes Bentley) look particularly uncertain. While they may not cross into each other’s circles all that often, the pair are both pivotal figures in patriarch John Dutton’s (Kevin Costner) world and season five will undoubtedly explore Monica’s turbulent marriage with Kayce Dutton (Luke Grimes), and Jamie’s struggle with adoptive sister Beth (Kelly Reilly). To recap, Monica isn’t particularly on the sturdiest of footing with her husband Kayce after he embarked on a Native American ritual to rid himself of his demons. When he emerged, he told his wife he saw “the end of us”, and if that wasn’t ominous enough, there’s the not-so-small matter of Avery (Tanaya Beatty) letting her feeling known for him. Jamie, on the other hand, is at the mercy of sister Beth and adoptive father John after they manipulated him into killing his biological father Garrett Randall (Will Patton). Season five of Yellowstone will undoubtedly see Jamie wrapped around Beth and John’s fingers as he desperately tries to stop the truth and photographic evidence of his part in Garrett’s death from coming to light. READ MORE: Yellowstone's Walker star shares hidden meaning in Kayce's vision But will it be Monica who steps in to try and free Jamie from under John’s grasp? There are a few clues to suggest so but arguably new quotes from actor Asbille fuel the potential storyline most. Discussing the lack of time Jamie and Monica spend together, Asbille said: “It’s true. Those characters never interact. “So it’s always funny because Wes and I always joke, ‘Maybe Monica and Jamie are just having a secret affair somewhere.’” She added to TV Insider: “These characters never speak to each other. I’m not really sure (why).” However, Asbille went on to tell the publication she’d love to see more of them on-screen together. “I’d love to see those characters interact,” she added. “I’d love to see in Taylor’s [Sheridan, showrunner] mind what Monica thinks of Jamie.” So with Asbille seemingly onboard with a Jamie and Monica storyline, why would she help him get one over on John? DON'T MISS:Yellowstone season 5 theory: Kayce to abandon Dutton Ranch after clue?Yellowstone’s Cole Hauser opens up on back injury 'Couldn’t move around'Kevin Costner on challenges of launching project away from Yellowstone Well, it’s no secret Monica holds some level of resentment towards John for the near-death rollercoaster ride the Duttons have been through over the years. As soon as Yellowstone began, it was clear Kayce and John butted heads and it soon transpired he’d left the ranch to live on the reservation with his wife because his father had pushed for an abortion when Monica was pregnant with son Tate (Brecken Merrill). Kayce and John have been mending their relationship over the course of four seasons so far and Tate has grown to love his grandad. However, Monica has never forgotten and season four threw up arguably the biggest challenge to her family unit than ever before when Tate was forced to kill an intruder sent by John’s enemies. Monica was being attacked herself when Tate took deadly action and it left the youngster with a case of PTSD. Kayce’s wife finally felt she had no choice but to leave John’s ranch and start afresh somewhere else but if Kayce’s vision quest ends with them apart, it’s likely revenge will be on the cards for her. And with so much resentment held towards John and the Duttons as a whole already, what better way than to get one over than to form an alliance with Jamie. The hatred towards Jamie from both Beth and John is palatable, so if Asbille’s wish of more screen time with Bentley comes to fruition, what better way than to help him and dash the Dutton duo’s plans. Fans will have to wait until Yellowstone season five arrives to find out if the theory will come to fruition. Yellowstone seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Peacock in the USA now. Seasons 1-3 will arrive when Paramount Plus launches in the UK later this year.