Ozark has officially come to an end on Netflix after four action-packed and deadly seasons - although it’s safe to say not everyone has been left best pleased by the show’s conclusion. There were a number of storylines which have divided viewers - from Ruth Langmore’s (Julia Garner) deadly end to Marty (Jason Bateman) and Wendy Byrde (Laura Linney) both making it out alive. But arguably one of the most talked-about twists involved private investigator Mel Sattem (Adam Rothenberg). Throughout season four, Mel had been a thorn in the Byrdes’ sides as they desperately tried to figure out a way to iron out a deal between the Navarro Cartel and the FBI. Complications faced them at every turn, whether it be Ruth killing cartel lieutenant Javi (Alfonso Herrera) or agent Maya Miller (Jessica Frances Dukes) going rogue and arresting kingpin Omar (Felix Solis). All the while, Mel was lingering and poking his nose where it wasn’t wanted in the background - first investigating Helen’s (Janet McTeer) disappearance and then employed by Wendy’s dad to dig into Ben’s (Tom Pelphrey) whereabouts. As Mel’s discoveries began to pile up and Marty and Wendy became desperate to get him out of the picture, they did their best to buy him off. READ MORE: Ozark fans heartbroken by Ben’s ‘gut-wrenching’ comeback And they appeared to succeed as, when he offered to share evidence against them in court which would see Charlotte (Sofia Hublitz) and Jonah Byrde (Skylar Gaertner) placed under the care of Wendy’s dad, the Byrdes managed to get his job back in the police force. Mel had been fired in disgrace after being caught taking drugs from an evidence room and admitted he’d “dreamed” of being reemployed to law enforcement. But in the final moments of season four, it transpired he couldn’t let Marty and Wendy get away with buying themselves out of trouble and he broke into their home to find Ben’s ashes. Stored in a goat-shaped cookie jar, Mel had put two and two together and came to the conclusion the ashes inside were Ben’s and, of course, the Byrdes were behind his demise. The disgraced police officer had broken into the Byrdes’ home and waited for them in their garden in the show’s final moments to rub in their faces that he had gotten to the bottom of Ben’s disappearance. He defiantly told the Byrdes they didn’t get to win and turned down their offer of life-changing sums of money to keep quiet, although he didn’t bank on young Jonah emerging armed with a rifle. The series ended with a gunshot, presumably with Jonah killing Mel in order to keep his family safe, but it led to many fans questioning why Mel would’ve hung about with Ben’s ashes just to taunt Marty and Wendy. However, a number of the fandom appear to have worked out exactly why Mel made this decision and risked his life just to tell the Byrdes he’d discovered their wicked ways. DON'T MISS:Ozark showrunner addresses hopes for spin-off as fans slam ending Ozark: Why did Rachel Garrison star Jordana Spiro really leave Ozark?Ozark explained: Who killed Ruth's dad in Ozark? Real killer revealed Taking to Reddit under a thread where one fan asked why Mel didn’t go to the police with Ben’s ashes, many explained. Redditor @psuedo_nemesis pointed out: “Cops can't just break into your house to obtain evidence. Dude, would have been kicked back off the force just as soon as he got back on for breaking into a wealthy influential white family home. Their lawyer would have had a field day... if they didn't kill him, that is.” And @Wharekiri agreed: “It would be inadmissible since he committed a crime to obtain it. He was just trying to feel like he hadn’t been played by them.” Elsewhere, @TheOtherUprising concurred: “Go to the cops and say what? How is he going to prove where he got the ashes from nevermind prove the Byrde’s where involved in his death? “He was fired from the force for stealing drugs, his credibility in a court of law would be less than zero.” And @R-D-I weighed in: “As a cop you know you can’t break into someone’s home to get evidence. His entire case relies on that urn and discovered it illegally.” Others had their own thoughts on why Mel didn’t expose the Byrdes, as @Chicagobat bluntly suggested: “S****y lazy writing.” (sic) Ozark seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Netflix now.