Manchester United have offered Inter Milan a fee of £42million and Anthony Martial in order to land Lautaro Martinez, according to reports. The Red Devils are keen to back Erik ten Hag as he prepares for his first summer transfer window in the job. However, the Serie A giants have turned down their approach in an early setback to the Dutchman. Manchester United have seen Martial regress over the past two years. And, now, Italian journalist Marco Barzaghi has claimed on his YouTube channel that they’ve tried to use the France international in a swap deal to land Martinez. Martinez has been a consistent performer for the Serie A giants in recent years, developing into one of the best young strikers on the planet. He was linked with Arsenal and Tottenham but ultimately decided to stay at the San Siro. And he hasn’t disappointed since, with the 24-year-old scoring 16 goals from 31 Serie A matches this term. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings While United have apparently offered Martial and a fee of £42m to try and land the Argentina international, Inter aren’t interested. They’d instead prefer to receive cash for the striker instead, with the reigning Scudetto holders hoping to balance their finances. Whether United return with another offer is unclear. But they do want to sign a new striker for Ten Hag this summer amid uncertainty over four of their current marksmen. Cristiano Ronaldo hasn’t disappointed since returning from Juventus, scoring 23 goals across all competitions. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Yet there’s a chance he could leave the club due to the fact Ten Hag is reluctant to guarantee him regular action. Ronaldo also may push to leave given United will be playing in the Europa League or UEFA Conference League next season. Real Madrid have been credited with an interest, while Paris Saint-Germain can’t be entirely ruled out either. Edinson Cavani is hoping to leave United this summer. The Uruguay international’s contract expires in the summer and the Red Devils won’t be renewing it. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And then there’s Mason Greenwood, too. Greenwood last played for United during their narrow 1-0 win over West Ham in January, when Marcus Rashford scored the winning goal. He’s currently unavailable pending a police investigation and has been suspended by the club. As well as Martinez, United have also been linked with other strikers, too. Darwin Nunez is one of them, with the Benfica star scoring an impressive 33 goals across all competitions. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And Alexander Isak and Sebastian Haller have also been linked amid their good form for Real Sociedad and Ajax this term. Meanwhile, speaking earlier in the season, Martinez’s agent Alejandro Camano has said that the South American is not looking to leave San Siro. "No, he's very happy at Inter," Camano told FCInter1908 when asked whether his client is keen to move clubs. "Lautaro doesn't care about Lautaro. Lautaro cares about Inter. “Because he wants to contribute, he wants the fans to be happy, he wants to make his club happy with him."