Voters deserted the Tories in droves, as the Conservatives suffered a crushing blow at the polls - losing 63 councillors. However, the drop in support for the Tories appeared to have benefitted Ms Sturgeon's rivals. While the SNP gained 22 seats, Labour and the Lib Dems each picked up 20 seats and the Greens came out with 16. David Mundell, the MP or Dumfriesshire, Clydesdale and Tweeddale, argued the results showed voters wanted to remain part of the UK. The former Tory Scottish secretary said: "This is not an endorsement for independence. "It has absolutely zero support from the voters." The SNP hailed their performance in the local elections and vowed to continue their push for Scottish independence. In a statement on their Twitter page, they said: "Today has been the greatest ever result in a local election in the SNP's history. "We'll get on with the job of delivering for the people of Scotland, including giving them the choice over their future and the chance to build a fairer, more equal and independent Scotland." Ian Blackford said Boris Johnson needed to respect democracy and allow Scots to vote on their future relationship with the UK. The SNP's Westminster leader told the BBC: "Let me say to Westminster whether it's Boris Johnson or his successor - any government in Westminster has got to respect democracy. "It has got to respect that in election after election, people in Scotland speak out and make it clear that they want that choice to have that say in their future. "Woe betide anybody in Westminster that seeks to deny democracy." Current polling would not seem to support the SNP's optimism that Scotland is ready to cut ties with the UK. READ MORE: Sturgeon and Gerrard react to Rangers booking Europa League Final spot Research by Survation found 53 per cent would vote 'no' in an independence referendum, excluding those who said they were undecided. That represents a one per cent increase from last year, suggesting that Ms Sturgeon and her supporters are out of step with the Scottish public. Many social media users were critical of the SNP's renewed call for a referendum. One wrote: "So what was the point of the 2014 referendum? "Why should we even consider another when the result of the largest democratic exercise in our lifetime is just ignored by the SNP because they didn’t like the result?" DON'T MISSScottish council elections: Sturgeon Indyref2 plot destroyed [ANALYSIS]Sturgeon reveals major update in desperate bid to rip UK apart  [NEWS]Next General Election ‘crunch point’ to decide IndyRef2 [SPOTLIGHT] While another said: "Why is it that no one from the SNP can explain objectively how and why the average Scot would be tangibly better off in terms of jobs, tax, pensions, welfare, housing etc with Indy." A third noted: "17% of total possible votes in.....local council elections. "As ever, SNP hyperbole vastly overstates the rather grim reality. One of the main beneficiaries of Thursday's vote was the Labour Party, which overtook the Tories to take second place behind the SNP. Labour's Daniel Johnson, MSP for Edinburgh Southern, argued the results proved the voters were 'suffering fatigue' over the independence question.