Napoli could replace Manchester United and Arsenal target Victor Osimhen with Chelsea striker Armando Broja. The Serie A club are among a whole host of teams who are interested in signing the 20-year-old this summer. Napoli have been tipped to lose their star player Osimhen when the transfer market reopens. The 23-year-old enjoyed a remarkable season last time out and found the back of the net on 18 occasions. The former Lille and Charleroi striker, who moved to Europe when he signed for Wolfsburg from Nigerian club Ultimate Strikers Academy in 2017, has lit up Serie A and has come to the attention of the Premier League powerhouses. Arsenal, who could lose Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah when their contracts expire at the end of June, are desperate for a new frontman, while new United boss Erik ten Hag is looking to bolster his attack following his arrival in Manchester. READ MORE: Liverpool 'hold talks with Harry Kane' as striker set to make decision    And, according to Calciomercato, Napoli sporting director Cristiano Giuntoli has been in contact with Broja’s representatives about a move to Italy. Conversations are continuing between the parties but the player is said to have a number of options on the table, with Inter Milan and Southampton also keen to sign him. Broja spent last season on loan at Southampton and impressed on the south coast as he became a regular in their side. The youngster pulled on the Saints shirt 38 times in all competitions and racked up nine goals. And his performances mean Ralph Hasenhuttl’s side are now keen to get their hands on him on a permanent basis. Meanwhile, the likes of AC Milan, West Ham and Newcastle are also reportedly interested in agreeing terms with the player. Broja will return to Stamford Bridge when pre-season training gets underway next month. And the ace could yet force his way into Thomas Tuchel’s plans and remain in west London. Broja is contracted to the Blues until the summer of 2026 - but with a whole host of star names ahead of him in the Chelsea pecking order, the player could be faced with a big decision in the coming months if he wants to play first-team football next season. DON'T MISS Everton 'foolish' if they don't bin Alli before Spurs bonuses kick in Newcastle 'ready to make £30m bid' after Aston Villa snatch Carlos Liverpool warned using family link to sign Bellingham won't work  Meanwhile, Tuchel has already revealed that he plans to give Broja an opportunity to impress in the summer. “They will come back, for sure, because they are our players,” the German told the media earlier this month as he spoke about Broja and Conor Gallagher, who spent last season on loan at Crystal Palace. “When we [send] them on loan, we do this for them but also for us - to have better players, more experienced players back. They are our players and I want to have them in pre-season and in pre-season we will decide what’s going on. It’s heavily linked to them, how they integrate and what they do and what our ideas are for them and what they want to reach.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here