Number spoofing appears when then the fraudsters deliberately change the number that appears on one’s phone when it rings. This is to make it seem like someone is being called from their real bank or organisation. Mr Alan Suleyman explained how these scammers were able to take his cash on BBC’s Rip Off Britain this morning. It is having a surge of popularity. He said: “At no stage did I feel like his person was anyone other than a bona fide member of the bank.” Scammers are able to mimic the phone number of one’s bank or trusted service to get people to hand over their cash. Number spoofing was on the rise in May 2021. Ofcom warned people to not trust caller ID on their phones as a means to identify a caller. READ MORE: 'Victim being blamed!' Man fearful as hackers steal over £500 but he can't prove it Mr Suleyman went along with the security checks as everything seemed legitimate. He was told that he would receive a text with a code that will let him access his accounts. A text came from the same number that Mr Suleyman was speaking to, so he had no reason to doubt the authenticity. The caller told him that the security code password had failed and that he would be sent another which he too handed over. He said: “When she got to the seventh time that she needed to verify, then I started thinking, ‘This can’t be right.'" He decided to call his bank from another line and once he had actually connected to them, the scammers hung up the phone, reinforcing the fact there were scammers on the other line. He added: “I thought, 'Oh my goodness, I’ve been scammed.' It felt horrible. “It was just over £10,100, and it’s very embarrassing. “I would consider myself savvy, streetwise, awake but I was so convinced.” In the first half of 2021, number spoofing more than doubled with nearly £130million stolen by criminals using this tactic. Scammers use number spoofing to steal sensitive information such as one’s bank account or login details. Last year, Ofcom warned Britons not to trust caller ID on their phones as a means to identify the caller. Mr Suleyman was able to get his money back from the bank, who had recognised that he was the victim of fraud.