Lynsey Crombie, aka The Queen of Clean has shared her cleaning tips exclusively with Express.co.uk. The TV star has joined forces with Vileda - a leading brand in the cleaning industry - to reveal her tips when it comes to cleaning duvets and pillows this summer. In addition, she has suggested the best products for the job. With the summer approaching, it's a great time to get your duvet washed and dried in the warm sun. But how can you wash a duvet at home? Lynsey said: “If you are lucky enough to have a large drum washing machine then most duvets can be washed this way using the duvet setting. “If this isn’t the case, most dry cleaners offer a duvet cleaning service. READ MORE: Why you 'should never' make your bed in the morning - 'leave it messy' “Or alternatively on a beautiful bright sunny day get your duvet out on the washing line. “Ensure you have a strong one, like the Vileda Cordomatic retractable washing line, and leave out in the fresh air and sunshine. “The sun is a natural disinfectant so will help to kill germs and bacteria.” She added: “If you have any stains use hydrogen peroxide and apply neat to the stain, once the stain has removed rinse away. DON'T MISS...Homes Under the Hammer buyer spends £27k to boost flat value by £71k [VIDEO]Does vinegar really kill weeds? The 'key time to apply' [EXPERT]Aldi shoppers love ‘BBQ worthy’ drinks dispenser for £12.99 [SHOP] “If your outside space is limited, dry naturally indoors, the Vileda Infinity airer, which can extend out for bigger items like your duvet or bed sheets.” Pillows also need to be washed occasionally, Lynsey spoke about the best way to do so. “Only certain pillows can be soaked in the bath, feathered pillows and foam pillows most certainly can’t be,” she explained. “Use thick, quilted pillow protectors and ensure these are washed at least twice a month. “This will eliminate the need to wash your pillows. “If you want to refresh them again, hang outside using the Vileda Premium 2in1 Indoor Airer which has extra strong wires and you can dry your pillows flat. “Treat any yellow staining using hydrogen peroxide,” the cleaning expert commented. As for how many times you should wash your duvet cover, it is advised twice a year. Pillows should be replaced every two to three years. Whereas duvets should be replaced every five years to keep them fresh.