The former Labour leader Mr Johnson had shown a "disregard" for the rules during the pandemic. His attack came after a report by senior civil servant Sue Gray criticised the "senior leadership" in No10 for breaches of legal restrictions. It also spoke of "multiple examples of a lack of respect and poor treatment" of cleaning and security staff during the events, which Ms Gray said was "unacceptable". Reacting to the conclusions of the report, the Islington North MP said: "The revelations from the full Sue Gray report detail numerous parties, a disregard for Covid laws, and the disgusting treatment of security and cleaning staff at 10 Downing Street. "Boris Johnson must resign." His calls for the Prime Minister to step down come despite Mr Corbyn having been forced to apologise for breaking Covid regulations himself. READ MORE: Boris rages at Starmer’s hypocrisy - ‘You’re under investigation!’ In October 2020 the veteran MP was photographed at a dinner party with eight other people, including his wife Laura Alvarez. At the time, the "rule of six" was in place, banning Britons from socialising with more than five other people indoors. Mr Corbyn admitted breaking the rules, saying at the time: "I recently had dinner at a friend’s house where the number of guests eventually exceeded five. "I understand that remaining at the dinner was a breach of the rule of six. "I apologise for my mistake." Mr Corbyn did not receive a fine for the breach, with the Met Police saying at the time that they do not investigate "Covid-related issues retrospectively". DON'T MISS:'Is this what all fuss is about?' New Partygate photos mocked [REACTION]No10 staff told to 'just be quieter' as they partied during conference [UPDATE]Sue Gray report: All NINE photos of Boris breaking lockdown rules [PICTURED] "Where we become aware of a breach occurring, officers will seek to engage, explain and encourage people to follow the rules, only enforcing as a last resort, they added. "Where alleged breaches are brought to our attention after the event, officers will not have not had the opportunity to engage, explain or encourage, and those involved will not have not had the opportunity to respond positively to that process – as most people do. "Therefore, it would not be appropriate or an effective use of resources in most circumstances to investigate or pursue enforcement. We encourage everyone to make themselves aware of, and to follow, the rules." Despite the police guidance at the time, earlier this year Mr Johnson received a fixed term penalty notice for rule breaking inside No10 after a retrospective investigation was launched by Scotland Yard. Mr Corbyn also faced accusations of rule breaking in December 2020 when he held a conversation with his brother and one other on his doorstep and in February 2021 after pictures emerged of him on a park bench with a large group. He has always rejected flouting the Covid restrictions on those occasions. The former Labour frontbencher also faced criticism during the pandemic when he was pictured in the House of Commons not wearing a face mask. Although it was not illegal to not wear a face covering, guidance suggested MPs should work from home when possible and wear a mask in the Chamber if necessary to sit in Parliament in person. Responding to Mr Corbyn's demands for Mr Johnson's resignation, Tory MP Michael Fabricant told Express.co.uk: "We all knew that Corbyn was a class one, card carrying Marxist, but now we know he's got double standards too."