Bargain Hunt star Christina Trevanion has been part of the BBC series since 2013. Alongside Anita Manning, Charlie Ross, Charles Hanson, and Eric Knowles, among others, she scours shops and fairs for valuable items and then tries to sell them at a profit. Express.co.uk takes a look at the star and her background. Christina is British and the antiques auctioneer attended Southampton Solent University. Her love of antiques came from her mother who was a florist as well as a “closet auction fanatic”. She admitted she attended auctions and was “surrounded” by antiques at home while growing up. The 50-year-old star added: “It has always been an environment I have felt very comfortable in.” READ MORE: When did Bargain Hunt's Christina Trevanion lose business partner? Following her childhood passion for antiques, Christina studied trade at university to help her pursue a career in auctioneering. In terms of expertise, she is an auctioneer and an antiques valuer in the Shropshire-based Trevanion & Dean. She founded the firm with her business partner Aaron Dean after previously working at the prestigious London auction house Christie’s. Her speciality is in jewellery with an appreciation for the likes of Cartier and Fabergé. Christina also collects 1970s bud vases and 18th century teapots. However, she admitted she bought items with her heart and would offer purchase an item “coffers dependent”. Therefore, her collection of items is fairly “eclectic” and she admitted she’d never be a “millionaire” because “my conscience always gets the better of me”. Speaking about the popularity and longevity of Bargain Hunt, Christina told the BBC: “A good mix of great characters, factual entertainment and fun with a smattering of antiques thrown in for good measure.” DON'T MISS...Sam Ryder made UK Eurovision history with major award [INSIGHT]NCIS LA Viewers left ‘speechless’ after deep fake culprit is exposed [VIEWER REACTION]Queen’s Platinum Jubilee viewers slam 'disrespectful' Tom Cruise chat [ANALYSIS] On being part of the Bargain Hunt family, Christina said: “I love it when viewers come up and chat to us. “The way I have been taken into the Bargain Hunt viewer’s hearts so quickly is incredibly touching, I feel very honoured to be involved in such an established institution. She described her favourite antiques hunting grounds as carrots and charity shops. The star is private about her life away from the cameras but is married with two children. Christina said her life was “pretty noisy, hectic and good fun” with the children and their dog. Along with appearing on Bargain Hunt, she is also an expert on Flog It!, Antiques Road Trip and Put Your Money Where Your Mouth Is. The star often shares her antiques exploits on Instagram with her 24,000 followers. She's also been filming on a new series called Travelling Auctioneers and headed to Stafford Castle. Bargain Hunt airs on BBC One at 12.15pm today