Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta and transfer chief Edu may be forced to scour the market for alternative options if Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola prevents Gabriel Jesus from leaving, as has been reported. The Gunners are believed to be eyeing up a move for the Brazilian, who has one year left to run on his contract at the Etihad, but if Guardiola stands firm there are five other targets who could head to north London instead... The Dutchman would be a natural alternative to Jesus, given that he is equally adept at playing through the middle and out wide. With an eye-catching haul of 23 goal contributions in 24 PSV matches this term, it is perhaps no surprise that the likes of Bayern Munich and Barcelona have also been linked with the youngster. At just 22-years-old, Gakpo could gel with the rest of Arsenal's youthful attacking contingent, which includes the likes of Gabriel Martinelli, Bukayo Saka and Emile Smith Rowe. Now that people are wise to his talents, however, reports indicate that he could set the Gunners back up to £42million. JUST IN: Cristiano Ronaldo sparks confusion on Man Utd future by denying TV camera message All signs point towards the Uruguayan striker being one of the hottest properties on the summer transfer market. The same age as Gakpo and with 26 goals in 27 matches for Benfica this campaign, a host of top clubs are believed to be keeping tabs on his situation. Given how coveted his signature is likely to be once the window swings open, Champions League qualification may be crucial to getting the deal over the line. The green light from Arteta and Edu to shell out a whopping £63m will also be needed, and other reports indicate that Benfica could demand an even heftier sum. MORE PREMIER LEAGUE NEWS...Liverpool's board agree on selling Thiago with two factors at playMan Utd 'offer' to Ousmane Dembele emerges and Barcelona must act fastArsenal clearout set to begin as Arteta 'accelerates' £12.6m exit Much like Nunez, Osimhen is more of an out-and-out striker than Jesus. The Nigerian has a goal-scoring return to prove it, too, with 13 Serie A goals this season. And there could be more room for improvement given that he is only 23-years-old. Reports indicate that the Gunners are 'leading the way' over other interested parties such as Manchester United and Newcastle, but just two years after Napoli splashed almost £70m to acquire him, they are set to demand £84m to let him go. Arsenal have reportedly reignited their interest in Martinez, having put the feelers out last summer. The Inter Milan striker is having a great season in front of goal, bagging 17 in the league already having stepped up his output in the wake of Romelu Lukaku's departure. With a price-tag believed to be around £60m, the Gunners may have to battle Tottenham for Martinez's signature, while the Lilywhites also boast Antonio Conte and Fabio Paratici who are both highly respected in Italian football. The Brentford striker has been caught up in two controversies this season, both of which suggest that he sees himself as destined for bigger things than the Bees. With 12 league goals this season, he is deemed to have acquitted himself well in his first full top-flight season. While Arsenal legend Ray Parlour has tipped his former side to swoop for the 26-year-old, his name has not often been thrown around in relation to the Gunners' vacancy up top. That being said, he could be the cheapest option of the five and have plenty to offer with more Premier League experience under his belt.