Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has claimed that the signing of Erling Haaland will elevate Manchester City to new levels after reports suggested the striker's move to the Etihad Stadium was close to completion. The Norwegian has been heavily linked with Real Madrid and the Citizens in recent weeks, although Madrid's well-documented pursuit of Kylian Mbappe gave City the lead for the Borussia Dortmund prodigy. His release clause has been detailed to be around the £50million mark, enticing clubs across Europe to make a bid for his services. And after it was widely reported that City had won the race for his signature, Klopp said that if he was to join it would elevate the club to new levels in the title race against his side. "I signed a new contract knowing that City will not stop developing, so it is not about City to define if we can be happy or not," Klopp told Sky Sports. "It is about us and what we can make of it, there are so many opportunities and different ways to win a football game and we have to find just one. It is possible obviously, we can do that. We face City in two or three competitions, [and with] Champions League [it could be] five or six times maybe! Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings  "We play against all the other teams, yes, but if Erling Haaland goes there it will not weaken them, definitely not. I think it is enough spoken about, this transfer. I know in this moment there is a lot of talking about money but this transfer will set new levels, let me say it like this." Haaland and Mbappe are the two most coveted young strikers in the world. The Norwegian star has scored 85 goals in 88 games for the German outfit since joining in January 2020, although he has only won one trophy in his time there. With City competing on all fronts for silverware this season, Haaland has a much better chance of battling for the Champions League and other pieces of silverware if he makes the switch. City were just a matter of minutes from progressing to the Champions League final this season, although two late Rodrygo goals in Madrid saw them falter at the final hurdle. DON'T MISSChelsea's new owners tipped to do three things completely different to Roman Abramovich [QUOTES]Darwin Nunez sends Liverpool fans wild with social media activity - 'In the bag'[SOCIAL]Ten Hag may copy controversial Van Gaal transfer call at Man Utd straight away[TRANSFERS]  But by sitting three points ahead of Liverpool with three games to go in the Premier League, Guardiola's men could take their fourth title in just five years. The Spaniard will have to overcome Wolves, West Ham and Aston Villa if they are to win the league. And with a striker of Haaland's ability next season, it could well be that City win the accolade once more.