Kate Middleton, aged 26 at the time, co-organised an 80s themed Day-Glo Midnight Roller Disco charity event back in 2008 with Holly Branson. She turned heads in a pair of luminescent yellow shorts and a green sequin top. It is rare that the Duchess of Cambridge is seen wearing a dress or skirt much above the knee nowadays. As wife of the future King of England, the Duchess is subject to royal protocol and style regulations. However, whilst Kate was still very much in the royal circle back in 2008, it wasn't until 2011 that she married Prince William, giving her slightly more free rein. She showed off her enviable physique and fun, quirky side in a sparkly emerald halter neck top. READ MORE: Kate & Beatrice step out in nearly identical outfits - pictures ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** She paired this with vibrant yellow shorts. Peeking out from her roller skates were a pair of bright pink leg warmers. To accessorise, William's then-girlfriend wore a pink wristband. The mid-20s fashionista held the event to raise money for two extremely good causes, Tom’s Ward at the Children’s Hospital in Oxford, and Place2Be, a mental health support provider for children. Kate's childhood friend, Thomas Waley-Cohen, whom the ward was named after, had tragically passed away from bone cancer in 2004 at just 20-years-old. Royal fans have taken to social media over the years to comment on the now Duchess' past bold look. @kr_mccroy wrote on Instagram: "She was just a child here and not yet married to William." Another user, @prprinsessa, coined it a "perfect Halloween look". @Kady19353254 tweeted: "I love the outfit she wore, especially the colours she picked. "It's fun, flirty and fabulous!" Referring to a picture of Kate having fallen flat on her back at the roller disco, @emma_paints commented: "This image made me snort tea from my nostrils. Brilliant." Other royal faces pictured at the event were Pippa Middleton and Princess Beatrice. Pippa was a lot more reserved than her sister, opting for a black sequinned dress that showed off her toned legs. She added a pop of colour with pink sunglasses which she wore on her dress and a pair of pink leg warmers. Princess Beatrice stepped out with former boyfriend Dave Clark, wearing a chic grey jacket, a blue mini dress and black tights. She gave a big nod to the colourful eyeliner trend with some fabulous blue eyeliner.