WARNING: The following article contains spoilers from Outlander season six and potentially season seven. After the tragic murder of Malva Christie (played by Jessica Reynolds), the settlers on Fraser’s Ridge have pointed the finger of blame at Claire Fraser (Caitriona Balfe). The time travelling doctor tried to save Malva’s unborn child but was too late. Wanting justice for his brother’s death, Richard Brown (Chris Larkin) rocked up with his Committee of Safety and demanded Jamie (Sam Heughan) hand over his wife so she could be taken to face trial. Jamie would not give up without a fight and agreed he would travel with Claire to the trial. However, things took a worrying turn when the couple were separated and Claire was taken to Wilmington alone. Now, locked in a prison cell, fans are wondering, will Claire Fraser be hanged? Express.co.uk has everything you need to know. Outlander season six ended with Claire being locked in a cell and Richard telling her: “She you at the gallows Mistress Fraser.” Richard is desperate to see Claire pay for the death of his brother Lionel (Ned Dennehey) who raped and attacked the medic in the series five finale. He spread rumours Claire was a murderous witch as his Committee of Safety travelled to Wilmington. At one point on their journey, a village of settlers began to stone Claire and Jamie, leaving them with worrying injuries. READ MORE: Blue Bloods' Abigail Hawk left in hysterics at season 13 renewal video With Richard spreading gossip about Claire, it’s unlikely she’d face a fair trial and could end up being hanged for killing Malva. Claire has protested her innocence and fans of Diana Gabaldon’s novels will know she is innocent. Allan Christie (Alexander Vlahos) is the one who killed his sister in the books while his father Tom (Mark Lewis Jones) takes the blame. Tom’s actions mean Claire is able to travel back to Fraser’s Ridge where she is reunited with her family and can recover from another horrifying ordeal. Whether or not the Starz series will follow the same storyline remains to be seen and fans have a long wait to find out what Claire’s fate will be. While it seems there’s no hope for Claire after the season finale, Outlander should rest assured it’s unlikely a star of the show will be killed off. The series has remained largely truthful to the novels and a comment from Tom hints it will follow the same trajectory with regards to this particular storyline. Tom told Claire: “Believe me, your husband is alive. I would not have his death on my conscience, or yours. “Trust in God. He will deliver the righteous out of danger. I will not leave town Mistress Fraser, you may trust that too.” Could Tom’s comment he won’t leave Wilmington be a sign he will confess to Malva’s murder and be hanged instead? DON'T MISS...Outlander star to return for 'future episodes' after brief appearance [INTERVIEW]Outlander season 6 theory: Jamie banishes Lizzie from the Ridge [THEORY]Outlander author on character ‘showrunners were loath to lose’ [INSIGHT] While Tom is looking out for Claire in Wilmington, after Jamie was attacked and separated from his wife, he was taken to a ship to be sent back to Scotland. However, Young Ian (John Bell) had been following his uncle and gathered the Cherokee to help rescue him. Just as Jamie was about to knocked out and put on the ship, Ian arrived and killed his uncle’s captors. He reassured Jamie they knew where Claire was and the series ended with the group riding along a beach to help rescue the highlander’s wife. Jamie will not stop until he finds and rescues his wife so with both the Scotsman and Tom looking out for Claire, it’s unlikely she’ll be hanged. Outlander season seven has already started filming so fans won’t have to wait as long to find out what will happen to Claire. The next series will also be 16 episodes long to make up for a shorter season six. Unfortunately for Claire and Jamie, it seems they won’t get too long to rest if they are reunited as the American Revolutionary War is already underway. Will the couple decide it’s time to leave their new life in America behind and return to Scotland? Outlander seasons 1-6 are available to stream on Starz and StarzPlay.