Jeremy Clarkson has called for the police to catch the culprit after a farmer was reportedly attacked by a dog walker who threw a rock at his head. The Clarkson’s Farm star said it should be the “number one priority” for Avon and Somerset police. Taking to Twitter in view of his 7.7million followers, Jeremy, 62, wrote: “Dear The Police in Avon and Somerset. “Please catch the dog walker who threw a rock at a farmer. “It is your number one priority.” He was referring to reports a 70-year-old farmer was injured after he was hit with a rock while ploughing a field in Somerset. Christopher Pine claimed he was attacked by a male dog walker who threw dirt at him. The dog walker then allegedly told him “don’t plough the footpath”. “He wasn’t, he does everything 100 percent correctly,” Mr Pine’s wife Jane told the Somerset Apple. “We rent the field so in a sense you’re even more careful with what you do.” Mr Pine says he told the man he had a right to work the field, and claims that in response, the man picked up a rock and threw it at his head. The blow caused cuts to the side of Mr Pine’s head, leaving him with heavy bleeding and needing treatment in A&E. "With that he picked up a rock - and there are rocks there the size of your hand - and threw it at my husband's head, then he ran off,” Mrs Pine told Somerset Live. "He is 70, and [he] purposefully threw it at someone's head. If my husband had been looking maybe two inches the other way he'd have had his eye out." DON'T MISS...BBC's Deborah James bids farewell as she moves to hospice at home care [UPDATE]Jane Fonda, 84, shows off drastic new look while filming in Rome [PICTURES]Dennis Waterman spent last years ‘doing f*** all’ in Spain [INSIGHT] After news broke of the incident, Mr Pine’s son James responded to those concerned, writing: “He’s fine – just a few staples”. The dog walker has been described as in his mid thirties with dark hair on the sides and back but balding on top. He is also of slight build, was wearing shorts and had a grey Staffordshire Terrier. Anyone with any information about the incident should call Avon and Somerset Police on 101. Jeremy’s followers responded in the comments. 2ManyOfUs argued: “Yes that is serious @ASPolice however Jeremy needs to take in account domestic violence, child abuse, knife crime and terrorism before telling an entire police force how to prioritize their workload.” Paul added: “Don’t just assume this is a Jeremy tweet. Ie. Banter. “It actually happened to a farmer the other day.  Disgusting.”