Nearly a third (32 percent) don’t feel they can reach their desired goals by remaining in the city they call home, with 26 percent wanting to move and find their “purpose” in life. A further three in ten (31 percent) said they’ve outgrown their hometown, while 23 percent claim it stifles their creativity. The research, commissioned by Reebok – which has partnered with MTV to launch a talent series of videos titled My City, My Sound – also revealed the cities youngsters would most like to move to, including London, Manchester, Birmingham, and Liverpool. Other UK cities considered exciting to live in include Glasgow, Bristol, Leeds, and Oxford. It also emerged that, of the 30 percent of 18- to 30-year-olds who have already uprooted from their hometown, nearly half (44 percent) couldn’t wait to leave. Josephine Walters, Reebok’s senior director, said: “Where we live can have a substantial impact on how we are as a person. “The inspiration we draw from the city or place we live in is almost subconscious, and an essential part of our choices. “There may come a time where we might outgrow somewhere and it is time to find something new in order for us to grow as a person, and we feel the results show just this. “The UK is filled with vibrant and exciting cities to live in, or even just visit as a weekend getaway. “It’s amazing how so many cities also have various diverse communities within them – with different music scenes, fashion trends and tastes that reflect the specific cultural nuances of the people.” The study also found that, of those who have left their hometown for pastures new, 28 percent did so because there were better job opportunities for their desired career. And almost one in four (24 percent) felt they had outgrown it, while 17 percent didn’t feel they were able to reach their full potential there. However, one in five would still be willing to move back to the place they grew up – while half who have moved away from home reckon they stuck around for just the right amount of time. It also emerged over a quarter (26 percent) of all those polled, via OnePoll, agreed cultural influences help drive creativity, as well as your location and where you live. In fact, nearly a fifth (18 percent) love the culture of where they live, which is why they enjoy residing where they do – whether it be their hometown or elsewhere. A further 42 percent agreed the place they live helps stimulate their creativity, with 59 percent saying the place you live can help you uncover your “purpose” in life. THE TOP 10 MOST EXCITING UK CITIES TO LIVE IN, ACCORDING TO 18- TO 30-YEAR-OLDS: