The paternal grandmother of Queen Elizabeth II, Queen Mary, was Queen Consort for more than a quarter of a century while married to King George V. But her incredible tiaras remain a key part of the royal jewellery collection today and have appeared atop the heads of key Royal Family members. Express.co.uk takes a look at three dazzling diadems worn by the Queen, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and Meghan Markle, Duchess of Sussex in recent years. The Queen traditionally allows royal brides to wear a tiara from her collection when they get married, and Meghan Markle chose a truly stunning one when she married Prince Harry in 2018. Queen Mary's Bandeau Tiara was made for her in 1932 and it has a distinctly geometric design. Fiona Wellington, jewellery expert and founder of Myne London, told Express.co.uk: "Queen Mary, Queen Elizabeth’s grandmother was a tiara connoisseur and great advocate for jewellery re-building and restructuring. READ MORE: Why the Queen never wore Kate Middleton's wedding tiara publicly  "There are several tiaras which are believed to be broken down to create other pieces and Duchess of Sussex Meghan's incredible bandeau was one of them, having not been seen publicly since the 1960s." Queen Mary's Bandeau Tiara is a classic Art Deco piece Meghan chose to complete her angelic wedding ensemble, but it started life as something completely different. Ms Wellington added: "This tiara began life in 1893 as a broach but was created in 1932 into a stunning clean lined diamond and platinum 11-piece bandeau tiara. "Such a wonderful choice for The Duchess of Sussex, this simple elegant yet incredibly beautiful and valuable piece suited her elegant timeless dress with a clean simple silhouette and her other pieces of Cartier jewellery - all of which came from or nods back to the Art Deco period."  The Lover's Knot Tiara was designed by Garrard for Queen Mary in 1913, and the tiara was made with pearls and diamonds already in the Royal Family's possession. The stunning diadem's most iconic feature is its array of dangling pearls, and the piece is topped with several glistening diamonds. The tiara was worn by Queen Mary on occasions throughout her lifetime, and decades after her death, it became a firm favourite of Princess Diana when she was married to Prince Charles. Since Prince William married Kate Middleton in 2011, the Duchess of Cambridge has often been pictured wearing the stunning diadem at state events.  Queen Mary's Fringe Tiara was famously worn by Princess Elizabeth when she married the Duke of Edinburgh in 1947. The stunning piece holds incredible historical provenance, and it was made for Queen Mary from a diamond necklace Queen Victoria gifted her on her wedding day in 1893. The fringe style was immensely popular in the Russian court, and Queen Mary's Fringe Tiara is best identified by its sharp striking bars of diamonds. The Queen's daughter Princess Anne and granddaughter Princess Beatrice have since worn the tiara on their wedding days. 