The Russian leader has ratcheted up threats against the West as NATO countries and allies pour weapons and funding into Ukrainian forces. Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said: “The tendency to pump weapons, including heavy weapons, to Ukraine and other countries are actions that threaten the security of the continent and provoke instability." Putin himself then threatened a “lightning-fast response” to any external military intervention in a speech to Russian lawmakers. The main rationale from many European nations for holding back military intervention was to prevent the war spreading throughout Europe and becoming World War 3. But Dr Carl Senior of Aston University told Express.co.uk the “outward signs of confidence” Putin is trying to display are not in harmony with the “personal vulnerability” he feels. With decision-making becoming “more erratic”, he warned, “we are entering a stage in the war when brinkmanship is not to be tested”. As such, through actions such as closing the gas pipeline in Poland last, and threatening to spill the conflict further into Europe, Putin "has shown that he is ready to push other countries across the precipice and into a much wider conflict”. In late April, Russia’s state-owned energy company, Gazprom, cut off Poland and Bulgaria’s supply after the countries refused to pay in Russian roubles. The measure came as Russia’s economy staggered under the weight of Western sanctions slapped on Moscow for the invasion of Ukraine. But since Putin gave the order for Russian forces to invade Ukraine in February, observers of the Russian president have denounced his behaviour as confusing and unreasoned. READ MORE: Stock market slide fuels global financial meltdown fears Within a week of the invasion, former US Secretary of State, Condoleezza Rice, said the “delusional” leader had “bit off more” than he could “chew” with the takeover effort. She said earlier this year: "Vladimir Putin expected an easy win here. He thought he would waltz into the capital, into Kyiv. “In his own delusional rendering of history, Ukrainians and Russians are the same—and he would overthrow this government and might even be welcomed as a liberator." Having met the Russian leader “many times”, she said the world was now dealing with a “different Putin” who was far more “erratic”. DON'T MISS: Should the UK join Macron’s new ‘European Community’? - POLL [VOTE] Ukraine LIVE: 'Tragic' Russian army morale battered - Putin's puppets [LIVE] Ukraine: Putin terror as Kremlin launches nuclear-capable weapons [REPORT] She added: "He had that tough veneer, he was always calculating and cold, but this is different.” She then commented: “He's descending to something that I personally haven't seen before." Soon after, a security source from the Western intelligence alliance claimed: “It is only human sources that can offer you the sort of rich picture that we have of Putin’s psyche. “There has been an identifiable change in his decision-making over the past five years or so. “Those around him see a marked change in the cogency and clarity of what he says and how he perceives the world around him.” The Russian leader most recently sparked speculation over his physical health as he appeared to limp as he led Victory Day celebrations in Moscow’s Red Square on Monday. Putin sat with a thick green cover draped across his legs in the 9C weather, unlike those who sat near him. He was also spotted coughing during the parade, as some reports suggest he could be suffering from Parkinson’s disease or a form of cancer.