The Duchess of Cambridge stepped out in a stunning mint green Philip Treacy fascinator with a large floral applique on the left side. It was almost identical to the cream fascinator with roses, by the same designer, which Kate wore to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's royal wedding in 2018. Eagle-eyed royal fashion fans are likely to have spotted the strikingly similar fascinators. Kate looked typically elegant in mint green on Wednesday for the third garden party to take place at the palace this year. She wore a floating midi dress with a high neck teamed with heels in a similar shade. The Duchess's brunette hair was loose around her shoulders and she accessorised with a pair of dangly earrings. Also at the party were Prince William, Prince Edward, Sophie and Princess Beatrice along with some 8,000 guests. The royals appeared on the palace terrace at 4pm as the National Anthem was played. They produced umbrella shortly afterwards when the rain began to fall as they mingled with guests. The weather eventually brightened up and palace staff began moving among the crowd offering ice creams on silver platters. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice stepping into limelight as 'reliable' royal It was the second garden party of the year that Kate has made an appearance at. The royal garden party season kicked off at Buckingham Palace earlier this month for the first time since 2019. The parties at the head of state's London residence had not been held for three years due to the Covid pandemic. They are important events in the royal calendar as those who have served their country or communities are recognised. DON'T MISSSussexes are 'trying to piece together a long-game' plan [ANALYSIS]Queen faced with three major 'challenges' on eve of Platinum Jubilee [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Should Meghan Markle visit her father in hospital? [POLL] The first two garden parties were staged on May 18 and 25. The Palace of Holyroodhouse in Edinburgh will be the venue for a further garden party on June 29. It was previously confirmed that the Queen, who has been suffering from mobility issues, would not attend the garden parties. Buckingham Palace said: "Her Majesty The Queen will be represented by other members of the Royal Family at this year's garden parties, with details on attendance to be confirmed in due course." It is understood the key factor in other members of the Royal Family being asked to represent the Queen was the length of time royal hosts spend standing during garden parties which last well over an hour.