Tomato plants are usually ready to harvest from July all the way through to September, depending on the variety sown. This means many gardeners will be taking care of their fruit plants, making sure they are provided with enough water and food. Gardeners’ World has shared how to look after tomato plants, including tips on improving pollination. Although it may be too late to sow tomatoes, they can always be purchased from garden centres as small plants. When growing, it is important they are taken care of to help them thrive and produce flavoursome fruits. According to Gardeners’ World, “just a couple of plants will reward you with plenty of delicious tomatoes through the summer”. However, they can be high maintenance, especially during the warmer months of the year to ensure they don’t suffer from diseases such as blight. READ MORE: How to get rid of snails from your garden - 6 easy and natural methods Gardeners’ World said gardeners should feed their plants every 10 to 14 days. This can help “boost fruiting” as well as provide extra nutrients the tomatoes need to grow quickly. Gardeners should use a specific tomato fertiliser or can make their own using comfrey leaves. Measures should also be taken to make sure tomato plants are not fed too much as this can cause other problems. DON'T MISS:Houseplants: ‘Increase watering schedule’ but use ‘pencil’ trick first [EXPERT]Japanese knotweed hotspots for 2022 unveiled - is your area affected? [EXPLAINER]Cleaning fans share ‘game-changing’ hack to remove marker stains [COMMENT] As well as feeding, the fruit plant needs watering regularly to keep the soil or compost evenly moist. Gardeners’ World said: “Fluctuating moisture levels can cause problems with the fruit, such as splitting or blossom end rot. “Plants in containers dry out quickly, so they may need watering daily in hot weather.” Gardeners who haven’t yet placed mulch around their plants should do so as soon as possible. Mulch can help to lock in moisture as well as deter weeds. This can be done using garden compost or well-rotted manure, leaving a gap around the base of the stem. Gardeners’ World added: “When growing tomatoes in a greenhouse, open the vents regularly to give pollinating insects access to the flowers. “You can also lightly tap or shake the flowers when fully open to aid pollen transfer within the flower. “Misting flowers with water may also help.” If growing cordon tomatoes, they will need tall supports and the side-shoots should be removed regularly. They are grown as tall, single-stemmed plants. The other type of tomato is known as the bush tomato, which is the most compact and the side-shoots do not need to be removed. They might need support, depending on how large they grow and whether the stems are strong enough to carry their crop. If support is needed, Gardeners’ World recommended using short vertical canes when required.