Manchester United’s new boss Erik ten Hag has hinted that he could attempt to take Ajax defender Jurrien Timber to England with him. But he has distanced his new club from the Dutch side’s Brazil winger Anthony. Ten Hag took charge of his last match as Ajax manager on Sunday as his side drew 2-2 with Vitesse in their final clash of the season. After the encounter, the 52-year-old was quizzed about the Ajax players he could sign for the Red Devils. And his response was telling. “I think that all top clubs in Europe have Timber in their sights,” Ten Hag told reporters. “But I think that currently applies to a lot of Ajax players. If Antony were to go, it would be a loss for Ajax, because you have no one in the current selection who can take over his position.” Netherlands international Timber was in stellar form this season and racked up 43 appearances as Ajax reached the last 16 of the Champions League. Anthony, meanwhile, contributed 12 goals and 10 assists throughout the campaign and was rewarded for his fine displays by being handed nine caps for Brazil. READ MORE: Arsenal's shortlist shrinks by one as star told he's 'going nowhere'   Last week, Ten Hag helped Ajax secure their third Eredivisie title since he took over in 2017 as he led the team to a 5-0 thrashing of Heerenveen at the Johan Cruyff Arena. The Dutchman has enjoyed a fecund spell in Holland and also guided Ajax to league and cup doubles in 2019 and 2021. Under Ten Hag, Ajax reached the semi-finals of the Champions League in 2019 before crashing out to Tottenham. And he was extolled at will for nurturing the likes of Hakim Ziyech, Frenkie de Jong and Matthijs de Ligt during that campaign. If Ten Hag does sign players from Ajax, he will need to ensure they have what it takes to succeed in the Premier League. The last player the Red Devils prised away from the Dutch club, Donny van de Beek, failed to find his feet at Old Trafford and was shipped out on loan to Everton in January. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag      Ajax have a whole host of talented players plying their trade at the Johan Cruyff Arena and could be raided by other clubs this summer following the loss of their manager. Former West Ham striker Sebastien Haller found the back of the net a staggering 34 times in 43 games before the season ended and could move on at the end of the campaign if a top club comes in for him. And the likes of midfielder Ryan Gravenberch, centre-back Lisandro Martinez and right-back Noussair Mazraoui have all also impressed throughout the campaign. So Ajax could find themselves being dismantled in the coming months. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 