After quitting royal duties, the couple settled down in Montecito, Santa Barbara, where they reside with their eldest child Archie and his younger sister Lilibet, who turns one next month. Harry and Meghan extended an invite to their home to Sadiq Khan after they were unable to accept an invitation to be the star guests at a VIP party hosted by him in Los Angeles last week. However, their offer was slapped down by Mr Khan, who cited he was unable to accept due to “logistical” difficulties. This was due to the mayor’s packed schedule across his five-day stateside visit and because their California home was a 90-minute drive from his party in West Hollywood. The mayor’s decision also saw him avoiding getting drawn into any disagreements between the Sussexes and the Firm. Norman Baker, former Lib Dem Transport Secretary and an author of a book on the Royal Family, expressed that he was “surprised” by Harry and Meghan’s choice to extend an invitation to their home. He told MailOnline: “Although Harry and Meghan are semi-divorced from the Royal Family they need to be careful not to demonstrate any political allegiance. “Sadiq Khan was right to turn this invitation down.” Tensions are still speculated to be high after Meghan and Harry’s bombshell interview with Oprah Winfrey last year that saw them make a series of claims about their time as senior royals. The couple will be reuniting with the Firm next month when they return to the UK with their children in tow for Platinum Jubilee celebrations. READ MORE: Adorable Isla dresses as Queen to visit care homes for Jubilee Among the claims made during the interview, Harry said his brother and father were “trapped” in the Royal Family. The 51-year-old mayor is a friend of Prince William and the pair have met on several occasions before. The Duke of Cambridge and the mayor both attended the FA Cup final last weekend. They also have a shared interest in tackling environmental issues. Mr Khan also appeared alongside the Queen during the opening of the Elizabeth Line on Tuesday. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry set to 'do their own thing' at Jubilee [INSIGHT] William and Charles anticipating controversial Harry and Meghan return [REVEAL] Royal LIVE: Meghan & Harry's return to block 'separaration of powers' [LIVE UPDATES] Harry and Meghan sent three aides to the mayor’s rooftop party instead of attending themselves. They included James Holt, who is executive director of the Archewell Foundation, the couple’s charity. Mr Holt had previously served as head of communications for Nick Clegg when he was Deputy Prime Minister. A spokesman for the Archewell Foundation did not deny the couple had been invited to the party nor that a return invitation had been extended to the mayor when contacted by The Standard. Mr Khan’s party was hosted at Holloway House, the West Hollywood offshoot of the Soho House group of private members’ clubs. Among those in attendance were James Corden and film director Richard Curtis. Also on the guestlist were other people from the “creative industries”. The star-studded party was preceded a roundtable discussion between Mr Khan and a host of TV and film executives. Representatives from Apple, Netflix, Universal, Disney, Paramount, Sony, 20th Century, HBO and Warner Bros were reportedly in attendance. Justine Simons, London’s deputy mayor for culture, described the meeting as an “unprecedented gathering of [the] world’s top studios”. The predominant focus of Mr Khan’s trip was to attract US tourists back to London. The Platinum Jubilee and the UK’s royal history were noted as reasons to make the trip across the pond.