Barcelona's director of football Mateu Alemany has revealed the club are yet to make a decision on whether they will sell Frenkie de Jong this summer. The 59-year-old was faced with questions on the player, who has been strongly linked to Manchester United following the appointment of his former manager Erik ten Hag.  De Jong's value is said to have plateaued after three seasons in Catalonia, meaning Barcelona may be forced to consider a sale. Furthermore, the Spanish giants could also be faced with more financial difficulties this summer and offloading De Jong could ease the pressure. But Alemany made it clear he feels the technician is an important cog in Xavi's machine. “We haven't made any decisions on the squad, de Jong is important for us," Alemany said. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag snubs Ajax end-of-season trip as 'there is a lot to do' at Manchester United “We are clear about what we need, and also that we are conditioned by financial fair play." Xavi has already made it clear that he feels De Jong should stay put, although there have been no discussions between the Barcelona manager and the Dutchman. I haven't talked with him about his future," Xavi explained. "He is playing at a very good level and has to continue here – he can be one of the best midfielders in the world for years to come. "If it were up to me, I would continue here for many more years. He is very important and can mark an era here. He has to score, assist and he has to be the protagonist." DON'T MISSMan Utd rocked with Newcastle to celebrate Prem survival with '£60m Darwin Nunez bid'Erik ten Hag can weaken PSV for Ajax with exceptional Man Utd midfield signingCristiano Ronaldo 'has view on Man Utd signing striker' with Erik ten Hag meeting planned Express Sport understands that while United are interested in De Jong, the speculation has got well ahead of the reality. Ten Hag is open to a reunion with his former player as he prepares to get to work at Old Trafford. De Jong built a reputation as one of the brightest young midfielders in all of world football under the 52-year-old tactician, as Ajax reached the Champions League semi-finals in 2019. Donny van de Beek is expected to be handed a clean slate at United following his loan spell with Everton and there could now be major changes to United's midfield. Following talk an agreement was close with Man United, De Jong was understood to be frustrated by the intensive speculation as he focuses on finishing the season strongly with Barcelona. United could have up to £150million to spend on transfers this summer, plus whatever cash is raised through player sales. With Paul Pogba and Nemanja Matic set to leave the club, United will be in need of at least two midfielders. James Garner could be handed his breakthrough moment following an impressive stint on loan at Nottingham Forest this season.