The 87-year-old is back on screens this afternoon as she takes on the role of Nora in the 1965 classic Operation Crossbow, which airs on BBC Two from 3.45pm. The World War Two drama, which also stars George Peppard, transports viewers back to December 1942, and the emergence of fresh details about a deadly new weapon being developed by Germany. When the Nazi plot becomes clear, a small team of British agents are sent in to destroy the weapon's base in Holland, and claim a victory for the Allies. The role helped continued Loren's incredible status amongst filmgoers, who still marvel at the Italian-born star's amazing talents decades on. Such is her legacy, Loren was named as one of the greatest female stars of Classic Hollywood cinema by the American Film Institute (AFI). The double Oscar-winner is also now the last surviving major star from the Golden Age of Hollywood, and the only living person on the AFI's list of legends. While Loren, who also won six Golden Globes in her career, has enjoyed a long and fruitful life, she did admit to struggling as the world was ravaged by the coronavirus pandemic. The star noted that while "sometimes when I say I'm 86, I don't believe it", instead "feeling 20", the pandemic had struck her. She told AARP THE MAGAZINE in December 2020: "I just try to have that moment of happiness during this pandemic, as we will wait for a better tomorrow." At that time, Loren noted how she was now living in Geneva, Switzerland, and kept in contact with her grandchildren, which ensured her morale was always high. This filtered through in her life lessons, admitting that negative thinking was never something she dwelled on. JUST IN: Charlton Heston 'hated' Sophia Loren during El Cid The legend said: "If you are healthy and doing something you enjoy, then you cannot think, 'God, tomorrow I'm going to die!'" She added: "Why change your body and be somebody else if you are happy inside? "I never thought of that - never. I like what I have. I like me!" Loren, who won her first Academy Award in 1960 for Best Actress in Two Women, also opened up about the pain she endured after losing her husband in 2007. DON'T MISS:Unearthed snaps of Sophia Loren will leave you speechless [LATEST]Sophia Loren's appearance mocked by Joan Collins [ANALYSIS]Queen & Julie Christie to Diana and Sophia Loren: The best pictures [INSIGHT] Loren and Carlo Ponti, the hugely successful Italian film director, were married twice – first in 1957 before the marriage was annulled in 1962, and then again 1966, after which they remained together until his death, aged 94, in 2007. She said: "I was very sad when my husband died, because you can never get over this kind of feeling. "Never. Each time you think about it, there's a moment of the loneliness, which is very strong, but that's life." According to a MailOnline report, Loren was promoting her new role in The Life Ahead, where she played a Holocaust survivor who bonds with a young Nigerian immigrant. Released on Netflix in 2020, the project was directed by her son Edoardo. Speaking about the role, Loren noted how she "liked to work very much and when you fall in love with a story" it was easy to say yes to a role, even though she was then well into her eighties. Loren continued: "It's kind of magic and it happened to me and my son as we soon as we were making this film. "What happens between the young, troubled boy and the woman I play is beautiful. "These are the kinds of miracles that we need today." Operation Crossbow airs today at 3.45pm on BBC Two.