Jason and Chrishell’s romance was one of Selling Sunset season five’s biggest talking points as Netflix viewers witnessed the highs and lows of their surprise relationship. In heartbreaking scenes, the finale revealed the pair had gone their separate way as they couldn’t agree to have children, leading to many an emotional moment. Now, in the newly released reunion, the tears soon began to flow again as Jason spoke openly about the breakdown in their romance, leading him to ask his co-stars for a “second” to compose himself. The emotional moment in the reunion special came just seconds after Jason and Chrishell dismissed speculation their relationship was merely a “showmance”. “I don’t wanna give it any credence,” Jason said on the subject. “It’s like asking me if the Earth’s flat. It’s a stupid question to me.” “Wow,” Tan France, who was hosting the Selling Sunset reunion, said in response before Jason continued: “I don’t feel the need to explain to people that a very meaningful rel -“ The Oppenheim Group owner stopped himself to take a breath as he coughed to clear his throat. READ MORE: Christine Quinn launches savage dig at Selling Sunset bosses Silence descended on the studio as his twin brother Brett placed a supportive hand on his shoulder before season five newcomer Chelsea Lazkani chipped in. “You’re going to make me cry,” Chelsea said. “I’ve never seen Jason sad, that’s so sad.” Chrishell appeared to get teary-eyed too as Jason apologised for letting his emotions get the best of him. “I just need a second, guys,” Jason said as he tried to steady himself while co-star Davina Potratz commented: “It’s tough to see you like this.” Chrishell then wiped a tear away before Tan got the discussion going again by asking Jason what exactly it was he was feeling. “I mean, there’s a lot of sadness and loss,” Jason replied. “I think watching the show made it more difficult, it brought it back up. “It’s been a few months but it - I’m still just going through stuff and I think there was a lot of love between and there is. “I still care about her very much,” the Selling Sunset star continued. “This has been a very difficult breakup.” DON'T MISS:Selling Sunset's Jeff and Chelsea Lazkani net worth exploredSelling Sunset’s Chrishell Stause lands new ITV role after season 5Micah Selling Sunset: Who is Micah and where is his restaurant? While their split was a major talking point during the reunion, Chrishell also shocked Jason and the rest of the agency by revealing she’s now dating someone else. Later in the episode, Chrishell confirmed she was dating singer G Flip after meeting on the set of their music video. “Listen, you don’t get to choose where you meet someone,” Chrishell opened up. “You don’t get to choose when you meet someone in their life. “So recently, I’ve met someone that is in a different place in their life as well and so…” Tan eventually cut to the chase to ask Chrishell her current dating status, prompting the Selling Sunset star to reply: “Okay, I recently have been spending a lot of time with someone that’s very important to me. Their name is G Flip. “They’re non-binary so they go by they-them. And they are an extremely talented musician. “It started because I was going to be in their music video (and) it’s about this chaotic love story. I come from soaps, I love acting and with the job that we have we don’t always get to do it.” The cast were then shown a clip of the music video which showed Chrishell kissing her new flame. And Jason candidly admitted that seeing how happy Chrishell was talking about her new romance led him to feel “very happy” and “proud” of his ex. Selling Sunset seasons 1-5 are available to stream on Netflix now.