Kevin De Bruyne says he cannot wait to hook up with superstar striker Erling Haaland next season, insisting he can take Manchester City to the next level in a warning to Liverpool and the rest of their rivals. The City midfielder was in dazzling form to find the net four times in the win against Wolves as Pep Guardiola’s side inched closer to a fourth title in five years. But it is the mouthwatering prospect of adding £51million Haaland to the squad which could put City out of reach of their league opposition according to De Bruyne. “Obviously he is one of the biggest prospects as a striker,” said the Belgium international. “It is not something that I really think about right now because it is not necessary and there are bigger things for us in the next 10 days. But obviously with all of the strikers going away this year and only having Gabriel [Jesus] this season, it will help us move forward. “It is something for next season. He is going to be a great prospect for us in the summer.” De Bruyne replicated Haaland’s meditation celebration when racking up his hat-trick in tongue in cheek homage to his soon to be team-mate. But there will be precious little laughter amongst City’s title rivals given the news about Haaland and the fact they look likely to land another Premier League crown without a recognised striker. De Bruyne insists nothing is done and dusted yet with a difficult trip to West Ham this weekend followed by Aston Villa to come to the Etihad on the final day of the season. He added: “We have two games left so we do what we need to do to try and win the league. We have to recover and be ready for Sunday. “We can see that the team is a little bit fatigued and it has been a hard season. We don’t have a lot of players, but it is about commitment right now. “West Ham away is a really tough game. They are a really great team and have had a good season, so we are definitely not going to underestimate them. But we go there to win.” City are set to be without Fernandinho, John Stones, Ruben Dias, Aymeric Laporte and Kyle Walker this weekend with Rodri likely to fill in at centre-back alongside Nathan Ake.