Dimitar Berbatov has warned Tottenham that they face a “dangerous” situation this summer with Son Heung-min’s fantastic form set to be followed by transfer interest. Last summer it was Harry Kane who dominated the headlines after he tried to force through a move to Manchester City, but Berbatov predicts it could be Son this time around.    Son is enjoying a brilliant season in front of goal for Antonio Conte’s side, having contributed 21 goals and seven assists in 41 appearances so far. The 29-year-old forward has nine goals and two assists in his last seven Premier League games alone and is now only two strikes behind Liverpool’s Mohamed Salah in the race for the golden boot. Erling Haaland’s £51million move from Borussia Dortmund to Man City could prevent a repeat of the speculation around Kane this off-season. But Berbatov, who himself spent two years with Spurs before sealing a contentious £30.75m transfer to Manchester United, believes Son could be the subject of bids from rival clubs. “It is interesting now because we all speak about Harry Kane, maybe in the summer we are going to see another soap opera like the one before, coming and going,” Berbatov told The Evening Standard. “But also Son is getting better and better with every season. So this is another dangerous situation, where all of a sudden maybe someone comes for your other striker, some other team offering you a lot of money. JUST IN: West Ham offer Declan Rice huge EIGHT-YEAR contract extension  “Then you are going to be in a situation where I and Keano (Robbie Keane) were back in the day. One was wanted by Liverpool and the other [Manchester] United. Then we were both gone. “So in this case, with Son and Kane, it is a dangerous one because they are your top, top players in the team who can give you goals. If someone comes for them and offers you a lot of money, then what do you do? What do you do? But I know that Antonio Conte wants to keep them for sure, because these are the stars that can produce those moments that make the difference.”  DON'T MISS Newcastle 'make decision' on Lingard as Man Utd exit plan takes shape Man Utd told Nordi Mukiele transfer 'easy to make' after bargain price Arsenal could face £14.1m loss as West Ham willing to make high offer Son is under contract with Spurs until June 2025 after signing an extension at the start of the campaign. Unlike Kane, the South Korea international has never agitated for a transfer away from north London, but the possibility of another season without Champions League football could change things. After spending this season in the third-tier Europa Conference League, Tottenham are fifth in the Premier League and currently heading towards a 2022/23 season spent in the Europa League. With three league games remaining, Conte’s side are four points behind Arsenal and desperately need to beat their rivals in Thursday’s crunch tie to stand any chance of overhauling them. 