Manchester United are reportedly hoping to save £80million on their wage bill this summer, according to reports. Erik ten Hag is aiming to bolster the squad when the transfer window reopens after a disastrous season under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. And an exodus is also expected to take place at Old Trafford, too. Manchester United have interest in a host of players as they prepare for the start of the Ten Hag era. From Ajax pair Jurrien Timber and Antony, to the likes of Darwin Nunez and Frenkie de Jong, the Red Devils are expected to act as they seek to close the gap on rivals such as Manchester City and Liverpool. And the Daily Star say United are now aiming to wipe an eye-watering £80m off their annual wage bill this summer. Paul Pogba, Edinson Cavani, Juan Mata, Jesse Lingard and Nemanja Matic are all set to depart on free transfers. And that will save United a small fortune, with the five players earning £275,000, £250,000, £175,000, £110,000 and £140,000 each week. United are also looking to raise funds by putting squad members deemed surplus to requirements up for sale, too. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Aaron Wan-Bissaka is on the market, with the former Crystal Palace star wanted by both the Eagles and Diego Simeone’s Atletico Madrid. Should he go, that will save United £90,000-a-week - which is money they can then use on a replacement. Eric Bailly, Anthony Martial and Dean Henderson are also primed to be shown the door as well. Bailly penned a new deal last year because he thought he’d get more chances under Solskjaer, who had talked him into staying put. Yet with the Ivory Coast international making just four Premier League appearances, a parting of the ways is on the cards. Martial has toiled at Sevilla and, after seven years of blowing hot and cold, won’t be at Old Trafford next season. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag And Henderson will leave, either on loan or permanently, with the England international failing to dislodge David De Gea from between the sticks. It means that, overall, United can save £1.5m in wages every seven days. Ten Hag has apparently held talks with De Gea, too, with the Dutchman eager to play out from the back next term. It’s claimed the 52-year-old will have smaller training pitches at Carrington in order to ‘help improve the possession game of the outfield player’. And he’s also instructed ground staff to mark out half-size pitch areas to ‘replicate playing in more confined spaces’. Meanwhile, Ten Hag is set to be unveiled at United this week alongside Steve McClaren. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And former Red Devils star Rio Ferdinand thinks McClaren can improve training at United when he makes his return to Old Trafford, having previously worked under Sir Alex Ferguson. “I think he is coming in as a coach, a shoulder to lean on, somebody who can give advice at the right times. Maybe eyes and ears, he said on his YouTube channel. “In terms of judging him from his management in previous years gone by, I don’t think it’s irrelevant. “What you do get with Steve McClaren is someone who is a football man, loves that game, is so enthusiastic, meticulous, cares about the details. “Not just from a football point of view but also mentally, and he understands what it takes at Man Utd to win. That’s important.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And Ferdinand added: “I think he will be a good addition. “What’s good for Ten Hag is that they have already got a relationship from before which is pure and he will be able to steer him in the right direction. “I don’t care who you are or where you come from, when you come to Man Utd, especially if you haven’t been at a club like that, of that statute and that size – Ajax are a big club with all due respect but not the size of Man Utd – when you do come into the door here, it takes a bit of getting used to. “To have that little bit of help immediately is a real good decision from him.” United will close out their season when they lock horns with Crystal Palace on Sunday.