The former first minister of Northern Ireland condemned the protest actions of “joy killers” seeking to abolish the monarchy. Arlene Foster praised the service and nature of the Queen and shamed abolitionists for denouncing her reign ahead of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The former leader of the DUP engaged in a fiery GB News debate with leader of campaign group Republic, Graham Smith. Mr Smith criticised the bank holiday celebrations as he said: “I don’t think that it’s a good thing to celebrate, that one person has been head of state for that long.”    Mr Smith is CEO of pressure group Republic which advocates for an end to the monarchy in the United Kingdom with the replacement being a parliamentary republic with a head of state elected by the nation. He said: “In a democracy there should be the opportunity every few years to choose who our head of state is.” The Republic group has launched a public billboard campaign calling for the monarchy to be abolished through giant posters proclaiming “make Elizabeth the last.” Ms Foster hit back at the actions of the group, branding their strategy “offensive” as she defended the “dedication” of the Queen to public service. Ms Foster said: “The advertisements on make Elizabeth the last are grossly offensive to those of us who see the dedication, the duty, the service that her majesty, the Queen, has given to this nation and, indeed, the world.” Mr Smith had also argued that the monarchy will already be severely weakened after the passing of Queen Elizabeth as Prince Charlies will fail to command the same level of affection and loyalty from the public. Ms Foster continued: “I completely disagree that the monarchy will not continue after her majesty the Queen passes away.” “I think there’s a continuity there which is so strong and I think to suggest that the nation would give the loyalty, the love that they give to the monarch, that they would give that to an elected head of state is just for the birds, frankly, it would certainly not happen.” Read more: Meghan could 'pull plug' on Jubilee return after bad publicity The former first minister of Northern Ireland praised the longevity of the monarchy as she branded critics of the Queen “joy killers” seeking to tarnish the Platinum Jubilee celebrations with their anti-royalist views. “I think that the monarchy is something that transcends us, it is so wonderful to have it here in the United Kingdom and it will last very much into the future. “It’s just so sad to see joy killers that want to make this Jubilee weekend something that it certainly will not be.” Mr Smith continued the battle as he said: “We do not need to have love and affection for our head of state, it's a job to be done by someone that should be independent of the Government and should be chosen by the people.” Don't miss:Meghan's recent appearances spark claims that Sussexes are in trouble [REVEAL]Queen tipped to 'take part in as much as she can' during Jubilee [REPORT]Meghan and Harry to be just ‘part of the crowd' [INSIGHT] The insistence of the Republic group CEO resulted in a tired eye roll from Ms Foster as he continued to denounce the service of the Queen as head of state. Mr Smith added: “The message is make Elizabeth the last because Charles does not have the same support, he is easy to criticise without getting people riled up and upset and he is not going to sustain the level of support that we’ve got at the moment.” Ms Foster continued to show her disaffection with the views of the abolitionist as she shook her head in disapproval. The 96 year old monarch is due to celebrate a momentous 70 years on the throne over the June bank holiday as the occasion is marked with a series of welcomed royal events.   