With the cost of living crisis not showing any signs of slowing down, British motorists will look to save money wherever they can. And one of the best ways of doing that is making sure that drivers do not receive unnecessary driving fines, according to motoring experts. With that in mind, experts at LeaseVan.co.uk have reminded car owners about an unusual parking law that many drivers do not realise even exists. Most of the driving laws such as giving way to emergency services vehicles and not driving under the influence of alcohol are pretty well-known. However, some are quite obscure and can see people being given a big fine or getting points added to their licence. According to the law, parking at night without leaving your sidelights, or parking lights on is illegal in certain circumstances. READ MORE: Police Scotland spend £20million on electric cars Tim Alcock, of LeaseVan.co.uk, said: “Vehicle owners across the country could be breaking the law simply by parking their vehicles and not even realise it." Vehicles parked on a road with a speed limit of more than 30mph, facing away from the traffic or outside a designated parking area should have their sidelights left on overnight. This comes under the Road Vehicles Lighting Regulations 1989 and means that drivers are legally required to leave on their sidelights when parking on it at night. The best thing to do is to avoid parking on these roads altogether, finding an alternative spot where possible, the RAC says. DON'T MISSDrivers face automatic £100 fines for ignoring smart motorway signs [REVEAL] 'Potentially fatal' hypermiling techniques are 'not worth it' [INSIGHT] Motorists may save hundreds of pounds despite new laws [ADVICE] Sidelights can be found in the front corners of your car and by the number plate. Drivers must ensure these lights are unobscured. These lights can help to prevent a nasty and potentially serious collision, as they help others to see the parked vehicle when it is dark. This rule also applies to drivers parking on any road that is foggy. The RAC added that when sidelights are turned on; two rear tail lights, the number plate lights and those at the front of your car must all be illuminated. Some authorities do tend to take a common-sense approach to this rule. However, failure to follow this regulation can see drivers given a Fixed Charge Notice of up to £75. Most cars will allow the driver to turn the sidelights on with the same control as the headlights. The parking lights symbol is usually two small semi-circles facing in opposite directions. Each has three lines coming from them. Many drivers might fear the lights will run down their car battery, however, sidelights are not as powerful as headlights, which are used when visibility is seriously reduced. They operate on a low wattage and are designed to be able to withstand being left on for long periods, such as overnight. Drivers have also been urged to remember that they do not need to leave their sidelights on if the road has a speed limit of 30mph or less. The same rule applies if the car is in a recognised parking bay and not facing the direction of the traffic flow. Other obscure driving rules to look out for include keeping the number plate clean and not using the horn whilst a vehicle is stationary.