Celine Dion, 54, has taken to Instagram to pay tribute to mothers in Ukraine as she shared a rare photo of her three sons. The singer marked Mother’s Day on Sunday with a special post dedicated to mums in the war-torn country. For the occasion, she uploaded a makeup-free snap surrounded by her sons Rene-Charles, 21, and 11-year-old twins Eddy and Nelson. In view of her 5 million followers, Celine wrote: “This Mother’s Day, I feel very fortunate to be able to be with my children, and I think about mothers in Ukraine and around the world who have lost their children… and for those mothers who constantly worry about how to keep their children safe... and for those mothers who devote every ounce of their energy just to provide their children with the bare necessities of life. “These mothers truly are the courageous ones, and I dedicate this Mother’s Day to all of them. “We pray that they will find peace and comfort for their families.” Celine signed off her message with her name and a love heart and added a French translation of her caption. Fans of the My Heart Will Go On singer took to the post’s comment section to wish her a Happy Mother’s Day. Jessicaknicole penned: “My mom looked up to you. Would listen to your music any time she would clean the house. “Now anytime I listen to any of your beautiful music I can’t help but think of her. Happy Mothers Day.” Watashiwaris added: “Happy mother's day Celine, you are such an inspiring mom. “And by the way, Eddy And Nelson grow up so fast.” Ericka__kaine__ said: “Happy Mother’s Day @celinedion! When you said those of us who devout every ounce of energy to provide, I FELT that tremendously because I give the last of myself EVERYDAY for mine! “Thank you for the recognition!!!” (sic) DON'T MISS...Monty Don sparks frenzy as he announces 'perfect' new family arrival [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton causes stir in hot pink outfit at Miami Grand Prix [PICS]Steph McGovern forced to change BAFTA TV Awards look last minute [BAFTA] Celine recently sparked health concerns as she was forced to cancel her UK tour due to muscle spasms. The star took to Instagram last month to apologise to UK fans who are hoping to see her perform later this year. In an emotional video, Celine began: “Here we are again!” "I am so sorry we have to change our tour plans for Europe one more time," she told fans, while blinking back tears. "First we had to move the shows because of the pandemic, [but] now it’s my health issues causing us to postpone some shows and unfortunately we have to cancel some too." Explaining how her treatment for muscle pain was helping her, Celine said: "The good news is that I am doing a little bit better, but it is going very slow and it’s very frustrating for me. “I’m getting treatment from my doctors and taking medication but I’m still experiencing some spasms and it’s taking a lot longer for me to recover than I had hoped."