Most homeowners are aware that one of the most dreadful household chores is cleaning your oven. This is especially true when oven racks are covered with sticky grime, baked on grease and burnt bits of food. Even those who use their oven sparingly will still have an accumulation of residue after a few months and even weeks. But putting off cleaning the oven will only delay the inevitable, and make the job much tougher when it comes time to do it. Learning how to clean an oven is all about saving yourself as much time and effort as possible. This was certainly what I had hoped for before starting to test out this hack. While browsing Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman explained a “fantastic” oven rack cleaning tip. Siobhan Mc Dermott Dunne wrote: “Ladies, here’s a tip my friend gave me. It’s fantastic as it gives maximum results for minimum effort.” Seeing the woman’s results instantly made me want to put the hack to the test. This trick promises no need to scrub, due to the chemical reaction that is caused between the tin foil and dishwasher tablet. READ MORE: Oven cleaning: ‘The right technique’ to clean oven door glass properly Evident from my photos, the oven rack was covered in grease and burnt on food stains so I wasn’t very hopeful with how this hack would turn out. For this method all that I used were a single dishwasher tablet, tin foil and boiling water. I used tin foil, which can be picked up from Tesco for as little as 65p. The dishwasher tablet worked out as 10p from Sainsbury’s as a pack of 30 tablets are £3. Homeowners could try using another brand of dishwasher tablets as they would presumably work just as well. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to get rid of slugs in homes using salt - ‘cheapest way’ [COMMENT]Lawn task you should ‘never’ do - ‘complete waste of time, energy a... [EXPERT]Property: How to add house value ‘cheaply’ using ‘simple option’ [TIPS] The first thing homeowners need to do is take their oven racks out of the oven and wrap them in tinfoil, making sure to completely cover them. I wrapped the tin foil twice around my oven rack just to be on the safe side. Next, place the covered oven racks into the bathtub before adding the water. I did this to pinpoint how much water was enough to cover the racks. Then use the kettle to boil water to add to your bathtub. I used just enough to cover the racks, which was around six litres. However, I would suggest opting to use a plastic storage box, instead of the bathtub to help use less water and speed up the process. Once the water completely covered the racks, I placed a single dishwasher tablet in the middle of the racks, as shown in the photos. I then left the rack to soak in the hot water with the dishwasher tablet overnight. However, I did start to notice that the tin foil had started to turn a black/brown colour after several minutes, which made me realise that this hack might actually work sooner than I had thought. The next morning I noticed that the water had turned brown and so had the foil as I was taking the oven rack out of the bath. I unwrapped the rack from the foil and used a wet microfibre cloth to wipe the dirt off. To my surprise the grease and grime came off so easily, without any need to scrub at all. Once wiped down, I gave the racks a final rinse under warm water before drying it with a tea towel. After draining my bathtub, I also found no grease stains left behind - and my bathtub actually looked as good as new after. Although cleaning oven racks in the bathtub is more time-consuming than just taking them out and scrubbing them, it definitely requires way less effort. This bathtub method has also been said to clean oven racks using baking soda and white vinegar.