Lewis Hamilton could risk being banned for the Monaco Grand Prix if he decides to keep wearing jewellery while in the cockpit. The seven-time world champion's two race exemption from the jewellery ban will run out in the principality and he could face huge ramifications if he does not conform to the FIA’s wishes. The Mercedes driver has been locked in a tense stand-off with the Formula 1 governing body ever since they decided to clamp down on existing regulations on what drivers wear. The 37-year-old Briton has many accessories and piercings, including ear and nose rings which he says are impossible to remove. Speaking before last weekend’s Miami Grand Prix, Hamilton said: “It seems unnecessary to get into this. I am here to be an ally of the sport - we have bigger fish to fry. We should have the freedom to do what feels right." FIA president, Mohammed ben Sulayem, has spoken out on the matter. While he did not say whether Hamilton could face a ban, he did confirm the Brit would be fined. “There are fines that apply," he told the Daily Mail. "It's like if someone speeds on the roads - you can't stop them doing it but they get fined, even if it was accidental. “You can’t let people off because they are your friends. There has to be one rule for all. In the car there can be no choice. People say they [the rules] haven’t been implemented before but they can ask the old regime why that was the case.” Should Hamilton receive a race ban for his jewellery, the attention placed on the Monaco Grand Prix would be massive. The Mercedes driver would become the first driver since Romain Grosjean to be banned for a race. The Frenchman received a one race ban for causing a huge collison in the 2012 Belgian Grand Prix. While Mercedes may feel a race ban is unlikely, they could be planning for the eventuality. The team would have two main options to replace him, both coming from their Formula E outfit. Stoffel Vandoorne would be the more experienced option, having raced in Formula 1 for McLaren between 2016 and 2018. Nyck De Vries is the other option, he is the reigning Formula E champion but has never raced in Formula 1 before, leaving him as a more outside bet. Nico Hulkenburg could also find himself in contention having regularly filled in as a reserve for the Mercedes powered Aston Martin. The German is highly experienced having started 181 Formula 1 races and would have the added bonus of taking part this season so would have a better understanding of the new cars. Next weekend’s Grand Prix in Barcelona will provide more clues to the fate that could await Hamilton in the current stand-off. All eyes will be on the British driver and the actions he plans to take. 