Daniel Brocklebank, 42, joined Coronation Street in 2014 as the show's new vicar Billy Mayhew. The soap star has caused a commotion after he took to Twitter to share the drastic action he has taken to cut down the cost of his electricity bill, with some criticising the star due to his estimated net worth. On Tuesday, Daniel wrote in view of his 112,000 Twitter followers: "Anyone else find themselves going to bed early just so they don’t have to turn the lights on? "I feel like I did when I was 8 & could still hear the bigger kids playing outside #energycrisis." Many social media users took to the comments to share their view, with some social media users hitting out at the actor. Jonesey_boy commented: "Lights on in an emergency situation only for me!" DanBrown_Actor added: "To save on my energy bill bills whenever I'm home I never put the lights on and limit how much TV I watch." DarnF1 said: "Says the soap star whose on at least 70k p/a. No idea what an #energycrisis is you." READ MORE: Elon Musk breaks silence after accusations in Amber and Johnny trial MyrnaHeidi added: "What a k**b. People who are genuinely struggling must feel insulted by this. #costofliving #FuelPoverty #FuelPrice." Sco060 commented: "You're a millionaire aren't you?" Daniel wrote the Twitter message before Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced that every household would get a £400 energy bill discount. Criticism of the actor for his comments comes after it was estimated that Daniel had a net worth of $8 million. This is currently the equivalent of around £5.7million. In terms of Coronation Street, cast members receive an annual salary, with bonuses for the episodes they appear in, according to the MailOnline. Familiar faces on the soaps are said to earn around £200,000 a year while younger stars can pick up around £100,000 annually. Simon Gregson, who has played Steve McDonald since 1989, reportedly takes home around £160,000 a year. DON'T MISS... Monty Don details difficult time after he and wife 'lost everything' [INSIGHT] 'Felt like glass in my joints' Kirsty Young on debilitating illness [HEALTH] Madonna, 63, unveils ageless appearance at Davis and Romero fight [PICS] Daniel has starred in many TV programmes throughout his career as well as appearing as Sam Goose in the Oscar-winning movie Shakespeare In Love. The Corrie actor came out as gay, roughly at the same time he got the role on the hit soap. He has since claimed that his sexuality killed any hope of a further career in Hollywood. Speaking to the Mirror, he said: "I pretend for a living, I didn’t want to pretend in my private life. When you spend your life on screen, it’s important to hold on to the bits that are real. "Who I am in my real life should bear no relevance to what I play on screen. "I came out publicly just after Shakespeare in Love was released, so I would have been 18. "I remember my management in Los Angeles trying to convince me not to come out because they said it would affect work – and it did. "I stopped being screen-tested for the heterosexual male leads and I was either the gay best friend or the character parts. "It was more in America than in Britain, but it was still very prevalent."