It was painfully ­obvious the case needed re-opening and no decent police force could have ignored the mountain of ­evidence and video footage various newspapers have published in recent weeks – evidence Durham Police should have unearthed. But you can’t gather evidence when you don’t bother to interview anyone or look at video footage – neither of which Durham Police did. This is why it’s hard to see how they could have concluded that no Covid rules were broken that fateful night at Durham Miners Hall. Never mind, better late than never. At least now all eyes will be on officers as they conduct their investigation. And it’s only right and fitting that the man who wants to be Britain’s next prime minister is held to account in the same way our ­current PM has been. Although Starmer himself doesn’t seem to think so. For weeks he’s careered around on his moral high horse, literally screaming for Boris to resign, yelling that he’s a joke, a liar and isn’t fit to lead – all because he walked into a birthday cake­ ­presentation he didn’t know was happening. But Beergate looks way worse than anything Boris did. It’s why for two weeks Starmer has squirmed like a wriggly worm on a hook, avoiding questions about it, making out he’s Mr Good Guy. His sanctimony has been sickening and he’s looked increasingly shifty with every day that passes. More importantly, we now know his party lied about Angela Rayner being in Durham. So what else might they have lied about? We need to know and it is to be hoped this investigation will tell us. The law has to act without fear or favour but until yesterday it was very much looking like the law in Durham was favouring Sir Keir, who had helped Police Commissioner Joy Allen get elected.  Whatever happens with Beergate, the obvious fact remains that Starmer isn’t fit to lead. And the local election results weren’t the bloodbath the Tories expected mainly because people are finally seeing Sir Keir for what he is – a hypocrite whose relationship with the truth is no better than Boris’s. This is why no one’s swallowing his smug self-righteousness any more. The bottom line is both leaders have made mistakes about socialising indoors – the major difference being one of them has apologised 35 times for it while the other won’t admit he’s done anything wrong. But forget all the “gates” for a minute, these local elections have shown that not only is Starmer not the man to win back the Red Wall seats – those working-class people stuck with Boris – he’s absolutely not the man to lead us in these dangerous times. The Labour Party was dead in the water when Starmer took over two years ago. But even though the Tories have been hit with disaster after disaster it’s been predicted Labour STILL won’t win a majority at the next general election. That’s because he has no ­charisma, he’s cold, ineffective, ­boring, he lacks courage, he has no policies and he doesn’t connect with people. In short, he’s not a winner or a leader. Boris, for all his faults, is! ------------------------------------  Mel B told a newspaper that when she collected her MBE from Prince William she wasn’t wearing knickers. “I was stark b****ck naked,” she said. Ye gods – is this woman so desperate to grab a headline that she has to disrespect not just the honours process but also the charity she represents by being so crude? She was given this award because she supports Women’s Aid. But instead of THAT being the story it became all about her pottymouth and the fact she was knickerless. ------------------------------------ There's been a sighting of the Loch Ness monster – the first of 2022 – by a man who says that the large creature had what looked like “whale skin crossed with fish skin”. Funny how this sighting has coincided with the start of the tourist season. Does Nessie know she has to put in an appearance to keep the tourist cash flowing in? Dominic Raab has lost his fight to keep Baby P’s mother in jail. This is the woman who stood by and did nothing (so therefore helped) as her monster boyfriend tortured her helpless son to death, inflicting 50 hideous injuries on little Peter Connelly, including a snapped spine. Raab said the decision to release Tracey Connelly even though she’d broken her licence conditions shows that the Parole Board needs overhauling to protect the public. No, it needs scrapping because it’s not fit for purpose and the obscenely overpaid idiots who are on it aren’t just clueless and irresponsible, they never have to take responsibility when the scum they set free hurt and kill more innocent people. ------------------------------------ I was delighted to see Netflix has binned Meghan’s woke cartoon series Pearl. It was obviously tosh – hardly surprising as it was put together by her and Elton John’s husband David Furnish. When did they become experts in animation? I reckon this is the beginning of the end for Meghan and Harry and the Big Bucks pay cheques because companies like Netflix are fast realising that forking out multi-millions for a second-rate actress and a royal in exile isn’t paying off. So, the one thing this greedy pair thought they had to sell – their royal connection – isn’t such a draw after all because people aren’t that interested in anything they have to say. Andrew Marr says he’s happy to have left his £360,000-a-year BBC job for LBC radio because “I’m glad to get my own voice back.” I’ve listened to his lacklustre LBC show and he’s got exactly the same voice he’s always had, except now he shouts a lot. Truth is, after 21 years at the Beeb, Marr’s Leftie ideology is so ingrained he doesn’t even realise his voice is still exactly in tune with the corporation’s – and sadly it’s a voice most of us don’t want to hear! ------------------------------------------------- Countdowns’s nondescript number cruncher Rachel Riley appeared to be celebrating Anne Robinson’s departure from the show as she raised a glass on Instagram to its “next chapter”. Reports of a rift between the two have been rife, with rumours Anne was irritated about Rachel jabbering noisily to contestants on set (which distracted her), spending too much time on her phone and often being late. Did she think Ms Riley was a bit of a “lite” flibbertigibbet? Who knows? But now Anne has quit and leaves the show with its highest ratings in a decade. I imagine Rachel fancies herself for the job – even though it was Anne who sent the ratings soaring, not her. But then, to be a successful main presenter you need talent, a ton of charisma and a big personality. Anne has all three in spades, Ms Riley not so much.  In fact, in the 13 years she’s been on TV she’s barely made a mark other than on Countdown, a gig on The Gadget Show and a stint on Strictly. Although this week she did get a whole page in a newspaper talking about how some nameless celebrity had upskirted her. Annie, on the other hand, has had a stellar 50-year-career and is a multi-millionaire with homes all over the shop – all because she takes what she does extremely seriously. She didn’t get where she is because of her looks or by flogging herself on social media – it was with talent, hard graft and determination. I suspect Ms Riley’s TV career will start to fade around the same time as her looks. Perhaps instead of being “snippy” about Annie Robinson she should have learnt from her. Because, even at 77, Annie still has a TV career that Ms Riley would give her right arm for. 