Midsomer Murders has been a constant in many ITV viewers' lives, whether the cast is led by actor John Nettles or his predecessor Neil Dudgeon. But what happened to the original stars of the series which made the drama so successful in the first place? Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the original cast of Midsomer Murders. Starring as the original Causton detective DCI Tom Barnaby was actor John Nettles who left the drama in 2011. Since making his exit, the 78-year-old has been focusing most of his attention on documentaries, hosting Jack the Ripper: Reality and Myth, Shakespeare: The Legacy, History and Walks with My Dog. He was also the narrator for Channel 4's Devon and Cornwall and remains to be the voice of BBC Two's My Unique B&B. In terms of acting, Nettles' latest role was in 2017 when he portrayed Ray Penvenen in the BBC romantic drama Poldark. READ MORE: Sally Dexter age: How old is Emmerdale's Faith Dingle star? Joyce Barnaby was Tom's beloved wife who left Causton in season 13 after deciding that Midsomer wasn't the right place for her to live. A couple of years after leaving the popular series, actress Jane Wymark featured in the mini-series Jo as a character called Catherine. In 2014, Wymark went on to perform in a production of Medea at the National Theatre Live, according to her IMDb page but has remained out of the spotlight ever since. The 69-year-old is married to Paul Howson who she shares two sons with. DS Ben Jones had worked for both Tom and John Barnaby before making his exit in 2013. He has continued to appear on the small screen after leaving his Midsomer Murders days behind, featuring in Death in Paradise and Three Girls. The Welsh star was also Vince Whitman in ITV's crime series Marcella in 2018 and last year he played Max in BBC One's The Pact. Most recently, he was in the Sky original drama Save the Cinema back in January. DON'T MISS...BBC Breakfast's 'out of touch' Platinum Jubilee coverage sparks uproar [REACTION]Midsomer Murders brings back veterans for anniversary special [EXPLAINER]Michael Caine's warning detailed by Midsomer Murders' Annette Badland [WARNING] DS Gavin Troy was the original sidekick of DCI Tom Barnaby when Midsomer Murders first started. He was in the first six seasons of the long-running drama before making his exit. Since leaving, actor Daniel Casey has made a string of appearances in soap dramas. In 2016, Casey was Tom Finlay in ITV's Coronation Street, Tom Bailey in EastEnders the following year and Terry in Emmerdale in 2018. The Midsomer Murders – 25 Years of Mayhem will be an hour-long documentary that will air ahead of a brand new episode of the drama. It has been more than a decade since Nettles left after 14 years in the drama as DCI Tom Barnaby and replaced by Neil Dudgeon as his cousin DCI John Barnaby. The two will reunite in this episode for the first time since the change-over in 2011. The Midsomer Murders – 25 Years of Mayhem airs at 7pm on Sunday, May 29, on ITV.