Joining Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield on This Morning, Tony explained he is raising money for Pancreatic Cancer UK by cycling around London in honour of his late wife Ruth. The actor recalled how she learned she had cancer and what they did when they heard it had spread to other parts of her body. “She was great, she was good fun, she was easy-going, in fact 15 years ago we came on the show and she fancied Phillip,” Tony began describing his late wife. “When she was 15, she’d drawn a picture of him and put it on her wall. So, she had great taste in men. “She was really hard-working, at the age of 30 she was a ward sister on the acute mental health ward in Oldham.” Tony continued: “Then she became a CBT therapist and she was a really fit person. READ MORE: Ozark season 4 theory: Jonah actually shot Wendy as fans spot key clue “She ran, she cycled and it was part of that which masked the symptoms. “She did a lot of running and it could have been dehydration but other than that she was feeling a bit tired, but our daughter had just gone travelling so it could have had something to do with that. “But she went to the doctors, this dark urine happened for a few days and they thought it might be a urine infection. “They took tests and it wasn’t, by this time she’d gone yellow herself and her poo had gone a different colour. “I can’t believe I’m talking about Ruth’s poo. She’d be mortified in front of you Phillip obviously. “She went back to the doctors and she’d already Googled it could be pancreatic cancer and she had anxiety about it being cancer. “The doctor said it could be up to two weeks before she could get a scan. We knew because she’d read with pancreatic cancer, over half the people die within three months of diagnosis. “It’s been the case since the seventies, it’s really been left behind in regard to funding. So she checked herself in, Halloween 2015 at the local hospital and had a scan and then it unfolded it was pancreatic cancer.” DON'T MISS...Lorraine warns Emmerdale guest to ‘behave' after appearance remark [VIDEO]Zoe Henry children: How many kids does Emmerdale star have? [INSIGHT]Emmerdale theory: Adam Barton returns in Victoria Sugden proposal plot [THEORY] Tony explained doctors did investigations and put in a stent to help stop the jaundice before they confirmed it was cancer. The Emmerdale star explained it was a “really grim outlook at the start” but Ruth refused to give up. In the end, Ruth did have an operation and chemotherapy but it was too late as her cancer spread. “It was devastating because it was about two months after the operation we learned it had spread already,” Tony recalled. The pair decided they would live life like they were retired and Ruth would go out and meet up with friends and cycle. “We did lots of stuff, went on loads of breaks and when she was well enough, we went out,” the actor shared. Tony’s wife died in 2017 leaving behind their son George and daughter Emily. To raise money for Pancreatic Cancer UK, Tony is planning to cycle around London in honour of Ruth’s memory. This Morning airs weekdays on ITV at 10am and Emmerdale airs weeknights on ITV from 7.30pm