Electric hobs are practical and simple to use, but they can easily become caked in grease. Grease and food debris can be made even worse if it’s not cleaned up after the hob is used. In fact, often any grease marks or stains can become worse as more heat is applied to them. While there are plenty of hob-cleaning products out there for electric hobs, we decided to try one of Sophie Hinchliffe’s go-to products. Often seen on the cleaning influencer’s Instagram account, Cif Cream contains micro particles to help lift dirt and grease. The product claims to contain “100 percent natural cleaning particles” and remove “100 percent of the toughest dirt”. Cif cream also comes in a plethora of pleasant fragrances including original, lemon, tuberose and cherry blossom. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to remove yellow pillow stains - ‘easiest way’ The cleaning product claims it can completely remove the “most-stubborn dirt, like encrusted grease and burnt-on food”, making it the perfect solution for my dirty hob. It also only costs £1 from ASDA and Morrisons, making it an affordable option too. After a weekend of cooking on the hob, I decided to tackle the grease stains that had been left behind. Firstly, I switched my electric hob off at the mains to make sure I didn’t accidentally turn it on during cleaning. Please read your hob manufacturer’s cleaning guidance before attempting this method.  DON'T MISSHow to get rid of slugs in your home [INSIGHT]How to properly organise your wardrobe to ‘maximise the space’ [UPDATE]How to clean duvet and pillows without washing machine ‘Kills germs’ [ANALYSIS] I wet my sponge lightly with cold water before squeezing it out in the sink. The sponge I used was the Marigold Scrub Away which is a heavy-duty scourer for cleaning in the kitchen. I then put the Cif Cream directly onto the pad. I put a small circle on the sponge which was enough for the small area I was cleaning. You may need more product if you’re planning on tackling the whole hob. I then gave the affected area a scrub, using light circular motions. While I was doing this, I couldn’t see or feel whether the grease was being removed, I just had to trust that the product was working. Once I had scrubbed the area for a minute or so, I then rinsed the sponge and put it to one side. You could thoroughly rinse the sponge and use it again to wipe the product from the hob, but I decided to use a softer sponge to remove the product.  I wet an antibacterial cleaning pad to remove the Cif Cream. I used the microfibre side of the pad to remove the product and to help buff the surface. When removing the product, I was pleasantly surprised at how simple it was to remove and how instantaneous the results were. The product glided off the hob, leaving a sparklingly clean surface free of any stains or food debris. Once the product had been wiped away, I left the hob to dry and rinsed the sponge.