Brooklyn Beckham, 23, has unveiled a brand new tattoo inspired by his wedding to billionaire heiress Nicola Peltz, 27. David and Victoria Beckham’s eldest son has proved his commitment to his “other half” again by getting his wedding vows tattooed on him. In a new story shared in view of his 14 million Instagram followers, Brooklyn gave fans a glimpse of the piece. The lengthy text was placed on his inner arm and features small black cursive writing. The inking reads: "Nicola when you walked down the aisle you took my breath away you look so beautiful tonight and always. "Let me start by saying that words cannot even describe my love for you just looking at you I see my future and it feels like a dream. “You are my world and I continue to fall more in love with you every single day. Having you in my life is the best thing that has ever happened to me as you have made me become the man I am today.” The piece, which featured the vows Brooklyn said during his nuptials last month, reveals Brooklyn’s excitement ahead of his big day. It continued: “I have been looking forward to this day for so long, because today is the day I get to marry you, my forever babe, my love and my best friend, Nicola - today you become my partner, my other half - and my family and because of that I am the luckiest man in the world to be able to spend the rest of my life with you. “I promise to be the best partner, the best husband and man and to always take care of you, to make you laugh, feel safe and more importantly loved.” Brooklyn’s statement concluded: “I can't wait to live out our dreams together and have lots of babies and be yours forever because you are forever mine." The photographer has a number of tattoos dedicated to Nicola on different parts of his body. His various tribute inkings include a drawing of her eyes on the back of his neck. He also got Nicola’s name tattooed on the side of his neck. Plus, he got a love letter from his now-wife tattooed across the top of his back. In the heartfelt message, Nicola, who brands her beau “incredible”, refers to herself as “your future wifey”. She penned: "My forever boy. Read this anytime you feel anxious. I want you to know how deeply loved you are. "You have the kindest heart I've ever met and hope I never go a day without your love. "I think you are so incredible. Just we can get through it all together if you breathe slow and trust. “I love you beyond. Love always, your future wifey." Brooklyn and Nicola wed last month at the bride’s father Nelson's multi-million pound property in Palm Beach, Florida. The compound featured three huge marquees set on the oceanfront garden.