The proposals made to and accepted by Brussels chiefs come after months of consultations with EU citizens for the Conference on the Future of Europe. The project was set up to provide recommendations to EU leaders on how to change and improve the EU. Among the proposals approved to be considered by Brussels, pro-Brexit British think tank The Red Cell has identified what it called a ramp up of "EU propaganda". The plan will seek to introduce educational programmes in EU schools to teach pupils about the EU institutions. Moreover, in order to tackle "fake news", EU institutions chiefs will pay in-person visits to schools to deliver an unfiltered point of view on the Brussels bloc. The recommendations read: “We recommend that the European Union allocate a specific budget to develop educational programmes on the functioning of the EU and its values. "Then it will be proposed to the Member States that wish that they can integrate them into their school curricula (primary, secondary schools, and universities). "In addition, a specific course on the EU and its functioning could be offered to students wishing to study in another European country through the Erasmus programme. "Students choosing this course would be given priority in the allocation of said Erasmus programmes. We recommend this to strengthen the sense of belonging to the EU. "This will enable citizens to better identify with the EU and transmit its values. Moreover, it will also improve transparency regarding the functioning of the EU, the benefits of being part of it, and the fight against anti European movements. "This should act as a deterrent to Member States leaving the EU." Under the heading for a "Stronger economy, social justice and jobs/youth, sport, culture and education/digital transformation", the proposals also suggest: "The EU to set up and run an organisation tackling fake news (but, we note, at risk of becoming a propaganda agency in its own right), to include innovative approaches such as designing computer games to get the message across. "Also and separately, an official EU fact checking organisation, including assessing the credibility of mainstream news providers across all media - including newspapers, radio and tv. READ MORE: Putin humiliated as middle ranking officers 'sabotage'  Under the title of "EU in the world/migration", the recommendations continue: “School visits by EU politicians, radio, podcasts, direct post, press, bus campaigns, social media, local citizen assemblies and creating a special task force to improve EU communication. "These measures will allow the citizens to get EU information that is not filtered through national media." Predicting a further "power grab" by the EU on member states, The Red Cell stated in its report: "We already have precedent on what happens next from the Convention on the Future of Europe. "This was set up in response to the Laeken Declaration by heads of government in 2001. Laeken contained an invitation to consider expanding but also removing powers from the EU. "This however ended up as a power grab, generating an EU Constitution. "When that was rejected in referenda, the text was slightly diluted and then pushed through as the Lisbon Treaty. DON'T MISS:Putin's nuclear threat dismantled as Russia would be 'wiped out' [INSIGHT]Britain preparing for £8BILLION legal battle over 500 planes ‘stolen’ [ANALYSIS]Keir Starmer and Angela Rayner ‘out of Beergate excuses’ [REACTION] "The democratic controversy surrounding this process has been a major feature behind the pause in transferring more powers to the EU level. "But the lesson is clear: the process leads to more powers handed over to Brussels. "Why call it a “Conference”? The Lisbon Treaty introduced a formal process for running a new Constitutional Convention. "Triggering one generates the intent from the outset of pursuing a major treaty change and formally brings in MEPs keen to pursue it. This process has been ducked as it would have removed power from national governments in controlling the end agenda." The Conference ended on April 30 and leaders agreed on a set of 49 detailed proposals covering a wide range of subjects from climate change to health, migration and the EU's international affairs. The representatives of the European Parliament, the Council, the Commission and representatives from national Parliaments expressed consensus on the proposals. The citizens participating in the Plenary also expressed their positions on these proposals. Vice-President for Democracy and Demography, Dubravka Šuica, as a co-chair of the Conference, led the Commission's contribution in implementing this major deliverable of the current mandate. She said: "Our Conference is in its final chapter. I am proud to say that by working together during this innovative process in deliberative democracy, we are collectively delivering concrete results. "Our engaged and inspiring citizens have shown us the direction they wish Europe to take. Now it is our task, of the EU Institutions, to make it happen. "In the wake of the pandemic and with the reality of a brutal war of aggression on European soil, it has been more important than ever to witness democracy at work and citizens in action."