Ian Wright admits his comments claiming Manchester City "crumble" in pressure moments can be construed as "cruel" on the Etihad club. Wright has given his reaction to City's dramatic Champions League exit to Real Madrid on Wednesday. Pep Guardiola's side led by two goals on aggregate in the closing stages of the second leg at the Bernabeu. But substitute Rodrygo scored twice in the space of two minutes to take the game to extra-time, before Karim Benzema's penalty sealed the comeback in the extra period. City have once again failed to win the Champions League - a task many believe Guardiola was brought to the club to do. Following the match, the Independent took an in-depth look at all of Guardiola's exits from the Champions League during his managerial career. The report claims eight of Guardiola's 11 eliminations from the competition have either included a flurry of goals from the opposition or a dramatic collapse from the Spaniard's time. That led Arsenal legend Wright into claiming City "crumble" in big moments. READ MORE: Chelsea tipped to sign 'new Varane' as Antonio Rudiger replacement  But he concedes some City fans will not be happy with his comments. Speaking on the Kelly & Wrighty Show, Wright said: "The point you made there about the flurry of goals, I think they have to look at that somewhere along the line because mentally that team crumble. "In those moments, at the latter stages of those games, those important games. Man City fans might be thinking that's quite cruel to say they crumble but the amount of times it's happened, that's a problem. "That's a problem, to lose goals in quick succession in important games like that is a problem. That's what we're doing now, we're trying to find why. "And when you look at that, such a constant for Manchester City, a team so good, coached so brilliantly with unbelievable players, cannot get over the line. And then you look at that, that's the problem. DON'T MISSNapoli star Osimhen 'chooses' between Arsenal and Manchester United transfer [GOSSIP]Liverpool's five-year plan under Klopp complete after 'comedic' Tottenham show [COMMENT]Man Utd's price tag for Marcus Rashford exit speaks volumes about him [OPINION]  "They have to look at that, why does it happen? What happens to the players in that moment? It's almost like 'oh that's it, it's over'." Real boss Carlo Ancelotti has reached a record fifth final as manager. And Wright knows which manager he would rather play under in the latter stages of a tournament. He added: "I get the impression, at this stage of the competition, I'd rather be in a dressing room with Ancelotti than Pep. I just feel that would be a much more relaxing place."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here