Earlier this month, the lawmakers on the European Parliament’s environment committee backed an EU plan to impose a ban from 2035. They also voted against proposals for tougher targets to cut car CO2 emissions within this decade, angering climate change campaigners. The committee supported the proposal for a 100 percent cut in CO2 emissions by 2035, which would make it impossible to sell new fossil fuel-powered vehicles in the 27-countries of the European Union. And now, a former TopGear presenter and the founder of FairCharge, Quentin Willson, has slammed the EU for putting the ban forward too soon. The electric vehicle advocate exclusively told Express.co.uk: “Saying that you are going to take all those diesel and petrol cars off the road is wasteful and means that disadvantaged drivers will have no zero-emissions mobility. “I think it’s a bit premature and we don’t want to disincentivise people from changing to electric cars and create this anti-EV narrative.” READ MORE: UK drivers can avoid paying road tax with a smart hybrid car trick Mr Willson added: “What I really worry about is that it would create a class division. “Electric cars are now fairly middle class. “We don’t want that situation where the people who don’t have driveways, don’t have off-street parking can’t afford to replace their combustion car with an EV because the demand and prices are still so high.“ The expert continued: “I think it’s a divisive policy. DON'T MISSElectric car owners could be forced to pay more for charging cars [REVEAL] Giant car manufacturer backs EU’s plan to ban diesel and petrol cars [INSIGHT] Furious driver reclaims her own car after being targeted by thieves [SHOCKING] “I can see why they are doing it but it’s a bit premature. “I don’t think we should countenance this huge destruction of these vehicles before people and the infrastructure can allow it, and the prices have come down to an affordable level. “That will come. But if you’re going to do it, let’s do it towards 2050. “I don’t think this Government would ever sanction that.” The European Commission proposed the targets in a package of climate change policies last year. They were based around the proposal that new cars stay on the roads for 10 to 15 years - meaning that 2035 is the latest date that sales of polluting cars could stop without affecting the plan to have zero emissions by 2050. The European Parliament will vote on the car CO2 proposals later this year, after which lawmakers and EU countries must negotiate the final rules. Jan Huitema, the lead lawmaker on the policy told Reuters: "With CO2 standards, we create clarity for the car industry and stimulate innovation and investments for car manufacturers," adding that it should make driving electric vehicles cheaper. By switching to EVs the EU aims to tackle the quarter of European emissions that come from transport, which have risen in recent years. Many car manufacturers have announced plans to stop selling combustion-engine vehicles completely in Europe by 2035. In the UK it is even earlier in order to meet the 2030 ban on new petrol and diesel car sales. The EU is also negotiating proposals to require countries to install public charging points at regular intervals along major roads. The European Commission has also reached a provisional agreement that all new vehicles sold in Europe will be fitted with a speed limiter as a legal requirement from July 6 this year.