Patrick Vieira could face punishment after the Crystal Palace boss kicked an Everton fan on Thursday night. The Toffees won 3-2 at Goodison Park to consolidate their place in the Premier League for next year. But, now, the evening is poised to be remembered for all the wrong reasons. Palace were leading Everton 2-0 at Goodison after first-half goals from Jean-Philippe Mateta and Jordan Ayew. But the Toffees then mounted a stirring comeback to claim all three points. Michael Keane, Richarlison and Dominic Calvert-Lewin all found the net to ensure Everton will still be playing in the Premier League next season. After the game, jubilant supporters stormed the field in order to celebrate with their heroes. But Vieira, after being provoked by one particular hooligan, then reacted by lashing out with his foot. Undoubtedly, he didn’t warrant the abuse he received. Yet it will now be a memorable moment from this season and Express Sport will now take a look at other occasions where managers have lost the plot with fans. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Nigel Pearson has often been in the headlines for things he’s said. His ostrich comment, in particular, is memorable. But, during his time in charge with Leicester, he overstepped the mark. Pearson became embroiled in a war of words with a disgruntled fan who continuously labelled him a ‘disgrace’ within the King Power Stadium with the club rooted to the bottom of the Premier League table. And he then proceeded to swear at them before also telling the fan in question to ‘die’. Pearson didn’t apologise, either. He later said: “If people were offended by what happened in some ways that is regrettable but there’s no need for me to apologise to someone of that ilk.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Sunderland Till I Die provided many entertaining moments. And, among them, was when Chris Coleman had a heated war of words with a fan. The supporter called the former Wales boss a ‘p****’ - and that forced Coleman into snapping back. Rather amusingly, he said he couldn’t be called such a word because of the fact he’s a married man with six kids. That wasn’t really relevant to the insult but Coleman, given he was being good to fans outside the Stadium of Light, certainly didn’t warrant the abuse he received. Brian Clough was one of a kind. Bullish, brilliant and bruising all in equal measure. And he showed his tough side when fans stormed the pitch following Nottingham Forest’s League Cup quarter-final win in 1989 over Queens Park Rangers. Clough actively punched four different fans during the pitch invasion, in scenes that are still remarkable to this day. Wearing his classic green jumper, he also attempted to drag individuals off the playing surface. And he was later criticised by David Evans, who was a Conservative MP at the time. Evans said: “It's absolutely deplorable. He should have been sacked this morning.” Another colourful character, Mick McCarthy has been no stranger to controversy over the course of his career. And, in 2018, he went berserk on the touchline. After Ipswich scored in a 1-1 with Norwich, the former Republic of Ireland and Wolves boss told his own fans, in no uncertain terms, where to go. Needless to say, it wasn’t well-received. McCarthy was under the cosh at the time and didn’t last much longer. That said, he did deny the words were aimed at fans - but not everybody was convinced.