Scientists say exposure to forever chemicals can lead to liver damage and be the reason for steadily rising rates of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. Published in the journal Environmental Health Perspectives, they found “consistent” evidence of forever chemical toxicity in rats. This is considered to be the first systematic analysis of this kind. Furthermore, it could lead to further research and improved understanding of non-alcoholic liver disease, or NAFLD for short. READ MORE: Cancer: Milk thistle could help prevent the disease Lead author Elizabeth Costello said: “The mechanism is not well understood yet, but there are a few proposed theories. “PFAS (forever chemicals) are similar to fatty acids in chemical structure, so it’s possible that they activate some of the same receptors or otherwise interfere with fat metabolism. “This might lead to inflammation or fat accumulation in the liver” said Costello. PFAS are present everywhere, including in the water supply.  Costello adds: “We are exposed to PFAS in so many ways – through water, food, and products we use. It can be very difficult for individuals to control their own exposure.” Despite the prevalence of PFAs in circulation, Costello says the world must look for a way to remove them from the environment and phase them out so exposure is reduced. Evidence linking PFAs to liver disease comes as a new mysterious form of liver disease is spreading around the world. Children, most of them under the age of five, are becoming infected and falling seriously ill with a new strain of acute hepatitis. The outbreak began in Scotland at the beginning of the year and has so far spread to more than 12 countries. The strongest theory suggested has been linked to the adenovirus, an infection known to cause the sniffles. Symptoms of acute hepatitis include:• Muscle and joint pain• A high temperature• Nausea• Vomiting• Feeling unusually tired• A general sense of feeling unwell• Loss of appetite• Abdominal or tummy pain• Pale, grey coloured poo• Itchy skin• Jaundice. Parents are advised to take their child to see their GP if they spot these symptoms in their children.