Lewis Hamilton has reacted to his tough start to the 2022 F1 season by testing out his driving in Miami - but on the fairway as opposed to racetrack. The 37-year-old warmed up for this weekend's inaugural race in Florida by joining the legendary Tom Brady for a charity golf morning. The seven-time world champion has arrived in the US amid one of the toughest periods of his career, as he struggles to get to grips with the new W13 Mercedes car. He started the season with a fortuitous third-placed finish at the Bahrain Grand Prix, but hasn't been on the podium since. Just a week after the season opener, he exited in Q1 in Saudi Arabia, before eventually finishing 10th in the Grand Prix. He did manage fifth in Australia, but then endured a harrowing weekend in Emilia Romagna. He exited in Q2 to start the Saturday Sprint Race in 14th, and made no inroads in the 21-lap dash. He only managed to move up one place the following day, with his misery compounded by being lapped by his 2021 title rival, Max Verstappen. JUST IN: Max Verstappen backed by Red Bull chief despite 'silly' Lewis Hamilton incident - 'Unfair' But the seven-time world champion wasn't obsessing over his issues when he took to the golf course this week. American F1 reporter Phillip Horton tweeted a picture of the British driver in a buggy heading for the first tee, with Brady yards behind in his own transport, captioning the image "Golf morning with Lewis Hamilton and Tom Brady." He then posted another picture of Hamilton in full swing, seemingly on the practice driving range of the Miami Beach Golf Course, and wrote "A different sort of driving for Lewis Hamilton." The new sporting alliance went down well with fans, many claiming 'two GOAT'S' [greatest of all time] and joined each other. DON'T MISS:Max Verstappen expecting 'pretty crazy' Miami GP as Charles Leclerc battle continuesFerrari boss doesn't like comparisons between Charles Leclerc and F1 legendLando Norris 'as good as' Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen say McLaren ahead of Miami GP  "Now this is the content we needed," replied @Riszes, while @D_Gozinya reacted with: "Wait… WHAT!? Brady AND Hamilton!?" There were however, a few jokes at Hamilton's expense. "Golf cart is probably faster than W13," jibed @greenxham44, while @LancerUWM said: "When Lewis doesn’t play fast enough he’ll definitely blame the golf cart." Regardless, Hamilton will have to put the clubs away on Friday, when first practice for the Grand Prix takes place. 