Seemingly not caring a jot about their own wellbeing, they wrestle the killer to the ground as he threatens them with the knife he’d just used to stab defenceless MP Sir David Amess 21 times. That horrific attack was carried out in Leigh-on-Sea in Essex. Meanwhile, just over 80 miles up the road in Ely, a member of the Cambridge-shire force cut a distinctly different figure, as the picture shows. Superintendent James Sutherland wore this freshly decorated police helmet to celebrate International Day Against Homophobia, Trans-phobia and Biphobia.  Are these blokes really doing the same job? Justifying this insanity, Cambridgeshire Police says the force is “committed to being inclusive”, which is of course all very laudable and right. But at a time when police are under justified attack for becoming increasingly politicised, what message does this send? The job really doesn’t need to be this difficult. These brave men and women are tasked to police us without fear or favour and in the words of Sir Robert Peel, who developed what has gone on to become the modern day police force, they must “seek and preserve public favour not by catering to the public opinion but by demonstrating absolute impartial service to the law”. That was 1829, so what’s gone wrong? It seems fair to suggest that running around wearing a police helmet that makes you look like Sideshow Bob from the Simpsons questions your level of impartiality. Presumably we can count on the not-so-Superintendent Sutherland to wear a crown during the Jubilee celebrations? You can only wonder what PCs Ryan Curtis and Scott James, the brave Essex coppers who put their lives on the line to arrest that crazed killer, might think if they bumped into Sutherland on the beat. Regrettably, this pathetic policing path is not confined solely to those on the beat. Even the police watchdog seems to have become infected with the same idiocy. Former Merseyside Police Chief Andy Cooke took over as head of Her Majesty’s Inspectorate of Constabulary last month. In an interview last week he urged police officers to go easy on shoplifters who steal to eat. He said officers need to “bear in mind what is the best thing for the community, and that individual in the way they deal with those issues, and I certainly fully support police officers using their discretion… they need to more often”. What an odious dereliction of duty this senior officer is suggesting. Does this idiotic inspector not realise these thieves – the word “shoplifter” fails to convey the gravity of the crime – are actually stealing from the shopkeepers’ tables? They lose money, but supposedly that shouldn’t matter because someone is allowed to make off with whatever they fancy from their shop’s shelves. And he is not alone in propounding this misguided twaddle. Last year Donna Jones, the “lead” for serious violence and victims at the Association of Police and Crime Commissioners, suggested persistent shoplifters should be spared jail. By the way, what is this idea of “lead” in these job titles all about? Some of these people lack the ability to take out the rubbish, let alone lead anything! Let’s get this straight. In stealing from shops, when it comes to adults “discretion” doesn’t come into it. Perhaps you can look the other way if a 12-year-old nicks a packet of Smarties, but everyone else is fair game. We are blessed with a fantastically brave body of men and women as our police. But those heroes are let down on too many occasions by colleagues who turn it into a police farce. --------------------------------------- Can we bank on this man to get rampant inflation under control? With every media appearance, the Governor of the Bank of England Andrew Bailey seems more out of his depth. Presumably his role means he has every scintilla of financial data at his fingertips, yet more often than not he appears like a deer caught in the headlights during his press conferences. His key role is to ensure inflation is kept in check and last week he was shown to be a total failure. At nine percent, we are back to a level of inflation not seen for 40 years. Back in those days a pint of beer cost 61p and the average house price was just under £21,000. Benny Hill was one of the biggest shows on TV and Boy George’s “Do You Really Want To Hurt Me?” was at number one. The hurt now is on us. Having been warned last June by the Bank’s outgoing chief economist that it would be prudent to put interest rates up by 0.25 percent, Bailey totally ignored the suggestion. Towards the end of last year the demand for the raise had grown to a deafening chorus and he finally acted. The trouble was he had left it too late. Now factor in the Bank’s addiction to quantitative easing (better known as the insane policy of printing your own money) and the chaotic scenario was complete. So let’s compare us with another country, such as Switzerland, which weaned itself off printing money and raised interest rates bit by bit – it is now blessed with inflation at just 2.5 percent. With a catastrophic failure of these proportions on their hands, it would seem fair to expect all these staff funded by we taxpayers to be at work. Not a chance. Most of them are permitted to work one day a week at their offices and the rest at home. No private business would tolerate this absurdity and it is nothing short of an insult to those who are forced to pay for this bonkers bank set-up. --------------------------------------- PM must do more to sort cost-of-living It's been yet another week of words and contradictions about the likelihood of tax cuts to ease the looming spectre of the cost-of-living crisis. One minute the windfall tax on energy companies that could raise up to £2billion is off the table, then it’s on – and then it’s in the wastepaper bin. Businesses are lectured that they hold the key to drive growth and help drag us out of the financial doldrums. And if they do they can apparently look forward to tax breaks. Then it’s the possibility of those at the lower end of the wage scale being given hand- outs as soon as July. Confusion reigns but, as I said to Prime Minister Boris Johnson the week before last, “warm words don’t butter the parsnips”. Any chance he and his colleagues could actually serve up something? --------------------------------------- Chardonnay best buys Such is the popularity of Chardonnay it now has its own day – last Friday. Sales are soaring so if you fancy offering a slightly belated cheers to one of the world’s powerhouse white wines, try the Villa Maria Private Bin Chardonnay 2020, £10 at Tesco.