The second season of Bridgerton introduced two more iconic characters in the Sharma sisters Kate (played by Simone Ashley) and Edwina (Charithra Chandran). With at least two more instalments of the steamy Netflix drama on the way, the series has already started to make some major changes to Julia Quinn’s books, as Nicola Coughlan has just confirmed Penelope Featherington and Colin Bridgerton’s (Luke Newton) much-teased romance is up next. Penelope and Colin’s love story will form the basis of the next season of Bridgerton after their will-they-won’t-they throughout the first two outings. After revealing her alter-ego as gossip columnist Lady Whistledown to her best friend Eloise (Claudia Jessie), Penelope will take on an even more important role as Bridgerton’s next romantic lead. At Netflix’s FYSEE Space’s opening night ATAS panel on Sunday night, Nicola was asked what fans can expect from Penelope next season. To viewers and readers’ surprise, Nicola confirmed the Netflix adaptation will be shaking up the order of Julia’s romance novels by putting “#Polin” front and centre. READ MORE: Queen’s Platinum Jubilee viewers slam 'disrespectful' Tom Cruise chat She said: “Like Lady Whistledown, I have been keeping a secret for quite some time and I can confirm to you all that season three is Colin and Penelope’s love story. “I have kept that secret since two weeks into season two. This is the first time I am saying it here.” Bridgerton fans were previously expecting the third season to take inspiration from Julia’s third book in the series, An Offer From A Gentleman. This novel explores the love life of the second Bridgerton son, Benedict (Luke Thompson), while Penelope’s story is reserved for book four. However, possibly due to fans’ positive reaction to Nicola’s performance in the series, the Netflix and Shondaland series will be pushing Penelope and Colin’s relationship forward. The pair were initially introduced as good friends and have started to become closer throughout the first two runs of the series. Unfortunately, they have struggled to admit their feelings for each other, often leaving Penelope feeling hurt and rejected. Now, Nicola has confirmed the secret columnist will finally find love for herself after fans ate up Daphne (Phoebe Dynevor) and the Duke’s (Regé-Jean Page) and Kate and Anthony’s (Jonathan Bailey) steamy affairs over the last two years. DON'T MISS:Joan Collins recalls precious Queen item ‘stolen’ [INTERVIEW]Time Traveler’s Wife: Theo James didn’t drop American accent [EXCLUSIVE]The Last Kingdom’s Sigtryggr star teases spin-off [INSIGHT] Could the narrative shift spell trouble for Penelope, though, as she debates whether or not to reveal her alter-ego to the love of her life? Colin is clearly conflicted over his feelings for the young Featherington, and discovering she has been keeping secrets from him could threaten their already strained relationship. Changing up the series leads won’t be the only upheaval in the cast for Bridgerton season three. In addition to promoting Nicola and Luke to even bigger roles, Netflix confirmed last week Hannah Dodd will be taking over as Francesca Bridgerton. The role was previously portrayed by Ruby Stokes, who departed to join another series for the streamer, Lockwood & Co. Also expected to return for season three are Simone and Charithra, while former lead Regé remains absent as Duke Simone Basset. Filming is set to take place in the summer, so fans should expect new episodes to hit Netflix during the first half of 2023. Bridgerton seasons 1 and 2 are available to stream on Netflix.