Meghan Markle married Prince Harry in May 2018. Their marriage meant that she became an official member of the British Royal Family. It has now been suggested that upon marrying into the Royal Family, Meghan "didn't understand" what she was getting herself into and that she could not suppress her views on royal roles. Royal author Tina Brown has discussed Meghan's adjustment into the Royal Family. Speaking to Lorraine, Ms Brown said: "She found the whole representational job of suppressing your own views, essentially, and representing the monarchy, for her was just anathema. "It's not how she viewed her role, the world, anything, She didn't understand the point of it". Ms Brown added: "For her, yes she was a great success but it was not something she wanted to do. "I think that was her fundamental, in a sense, kind of misunderstanding of what was going to happen when she joined the Royal Family". READ MORE: Prince William's watershed speech shows Duke of Cambridge 'trusts Kate implicitly' Prior to royal life, Meghan held a public status in her own right. She was an actress and starred in the US legal drama Suits. She played paralegal-turned-associate Rachel Zane in the show for seven seasons. Before the world knew that Meghan and Harry were a couple, the couple kept their relationship a secret. READ MORE: Kate and William's next joint engagement confirmed as Cambridges face heartbreaking trip The couple got engaged in November 2017. Their 2018 wedding was televised and was watched by millions all around the world. They got married in St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle. DON'T MISS Prince Harry in 'much better spot' than Meghan Markle [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry 'going nowhere' as royals left 'scrambling' for deals [ANALYSIS]Dr Shola hits out at royals as she demands reparations [VIDEO] Since their wedding, the pair have welcomed two children. Their son Archie was born in 2019 and their second child, daughter Lilibet, was born in June 2021. Their royal exit, which was termed Megxit, was announced via their official Instagram account, in January 2020. Since their departure, the two have now settled in the US.