BBC Weather's Chris Fawkes forecast temperatures dropping to as low as 6C on Saturday evening with showers on Sunday. The unsettled weather, bringing showers and clouds, is set to stick around until at least Wednesday when temperatures will start creeping up again in the south. He said: "There has been a little bit more cloud bubbling up over recent hours. "There will be a few isolated showers across northeast Scotland and one or two across the eastern coast. "Temperatures are down on recent days for many of us. "Typically around 18C but 19C for Cardiff and London. "Then overnight it turns quite chilly for this time of year with temperatures down to 6C or 7C." READ MORE: 'Loose cannon' jet stream to spark erratic heavy rain over Jubilee He continued: "Tomorrow will be a similar kind of weather set up, we've still got these brisk and chilly northwesterly winds and if anything it's getting a tad colder as well. "Many of you will start off with some sunshine before the cloud starts to bubble up and fill across the sky as we head into the afternoon but this time, there is a greater chance of seeing a few showers. "You'll notice the temperatures easing down a few degrees when cloudy." With all eyes on the forecast for the four-day bank holiday, the Met Office said that while there is still "plenty of detail to work out", a showery start could make way for finer, warmer conditions for the celebrations. The sunny weather enjoyed by many on Friday is set to last until Saturday for most, according to the Met Office. After a fresh start, the day is expected to be dry with blue skies, and temperatures reaching 21C in southern England. With all eyes on the forecast for the four-day bank holiday, the Met Office said that while there is still "plenty of detail to work out", a showery start could make way for finer, warmer conditions for the celebrations. The sunny weather enjoyed by many on Friday is set to last until Saturday for most, according to the Met Office. After a fresh start, the day is expected to be dry with blue skies, and temperatures reaching 21C in southern England. DON'T MISS 'Approach carefully' How to get neighbours to turn the music down [INSIGHT]'Organic' homemade weed killers that won't harm your soil [ANALYSIS]Jubilee nightmare as maps turn blue and THUNDERSTORMS forecast [VIDEO] Greyer skies and a stronger breeze are in store for much of the UK while there will also be a higher risk of rain for the north and east. That risk will extend to the rest of the UK on Monday and Tuesday, when northerly winds will drag below-average temperatures down further into the low teens. Forecasters will be monitoring how a plume of warm air from over the continent behaves as the Queen's Platinum Jubilee weekend draws closer. It could bring heavy showers that may, however, be supplanted by drier weather and "rather warm" temperatures as a high pressure system moves in.