The Eurovision Song Contest 2022 sees Mika - real name Michael Holbrook Penniman Jr. - hosting alongside Italian stars Alessandro Cattelan and Laura Pausini. Some fans may be wondering why he is hosting and his nationality. Express.co.uk takes a look at the star and his roots. The Eurovision Song Contest has kicked off in Turin, Italy with pop star Mika serving as one of the hosts of this year’s show. He is best known for his track Grace Kelly and his album Life in Cartoon Motion. Mika was born in the 1980s in Beirut, Lebanon to an American-born Lebanese mother while his father was an Israeli-born American. The family moved to Paris during the war before they settled in London, which may account for his excellent French. READ MORE: Why is Mika hosting Eurovision? Star explains 'humbling' role Mika is something of an international star but according to the website Mika Sounds, he is British. Speaking to the site, he said of his displaced upbringing: "It was the combination of moving as well as a horrible time I had at school in the first few years of living in London that lead me to forget how to read and write, and stop talking for a little while. "I was pulled out of school for over six months; in order to sort myself out and find a new school. "This is when music really became important. It got me back on my feet."   He is a self-taught pianist and has been hailed for his impressive vocal abilities. As a child, he attended the prestigious Westminster School but felt out of place. Before really embarking on a music career, Mika was due to undertake an academic degree as the London School of Economics but quit after the first day. Two weeks later, he joined the Royal College of Music and flourished as a singer-songwriter. DON'T MISS...How much do Amanda and Clive Owen get paid for Our Yorkshire Farm? [EXPLAINER]Laila Rouass on Ronnie O'Sullivan 'feeling flat' after world title win [INTERVIEW]Emmerdale theory: Dan Spencer killed off as Cain Dingle takes revenge [ANALYSIS]  Speaking about his inspirations, Mika said he listened to "everything" from Joan Baez and Dylan, to Serge Gainsbourg and Flamenco." He said his tastes had become "more eclectic" with age, nonetheless, his touchstone artists remained the same and included the likes of Prince, Sir Elton John, Michael Jackson, and Harry Nilsson. In recent years, Mika has been a judge on The X Factor Italy as well as a coach on The Voice France, hence his now international presence. He also topped the charts in France with his song Boum Boum Boum and will be again appearing on The X Factor Italia.  On why he was hosting Eurovision, he said: “I have done television in Italy. "I learnt to speak Italian just because I got this opportunity to go and do The X Factor in Italy. “I learnt in a couple of months, luckily my Italian is better now, the ironic thing about this whole thing is that I’m gonna do Eurovision, the biggest TV show Italy has ever had to put on, and the whole thing is in English." The Eurovision Song Contest 2022 will be available to watch on catch up on BBC iPlayer