Former Top Gear host Jeremy Clarkson, 62, has revealed Kaleb Cooper met his most recent moral dilemma on Diddly Squat Farm with a “chorus” of tutting noises and “oh for God’s sake”, in disapproval. However, Jeremy couldn’t get over his “guilt” when he discovered a tiny mouse was trapped in the frame of his seed drill last week. Kaleb urged Jeremy not to worry about the creature, as the spring barley needed to be planted without delay.  The car enthusiast admitted: “I couldn’t go out into the fields and unfurl this enormous machine — it’s like an oil rig, only bigger and more complicated — knowing that a sweet little mouse was in there.  “And that in all probability it wouldn’t survive.  “Kaleb was staggered by this and pointed out that the whole farmyard is littered with mouse and rat traps.” READ MORE... Donny Osmond unveils 'secret' romance - 'Career would've fallen'  While acknowledging that his co-star and colleague had a point, Jeremy was left “white-faced with horror and guilt” when he thought he had rescued the mouse, only for it to take shelter under the back wheel of his tractor.    Jeremy then embarked on another rescue attempt, by doing “the best hill start you’ve ever seen”.    The star ran into trouble yet again, as he recalled in his latest column for The Sunday Times: “Straight away there was a problem.    “Because as this 3.5-tonne machine rose from the ground, it pulled the tractor backwards about nine inches.  “A sickening nine inches. A crunchy nine inches.” He added: “And so, with a heavy heart, I let the clutch in and set off knowing that after the tyre had done a quarter of a rotation, a small red splodge would become visible.” Luckily for Jeremy, his hopes that the mouse would survive the dangerous situation paid off, as the animal sensibly headed for the hills as soon as his tractor moved, while narrowly avoiding being “stamped” on by Kaleb’s brother. It isn’t the first time that Jeremy has been reduced to guilty emotions over his new job as a farmer. DON'T MISS:Simon Cowell admits struggle to recognise himself after years of Botox [COMMENT]Tom Parker held wife Kelsey's hand as he died as she shares final vow [INSIGHT]Madonna, 63, straddles singer Maluma, 28, as she flaunts ageless looks [PICS] Amazon Prime Video viewers watched on as Jeremy broke down in tears during season one of Clarkson’s Farm.  Jeremy became visibly upset when he drove away from an abattoir where he'd sent three sick ewes to be killed.  The star had been advised that three of his ewes would not be able to breed healthy lambs and, as they were not pets, the best solution would be to have them killed.  “I don’t know what to say or think about this mission this morning,” Jeremy admitted as he drove the sheep to the abattoir. “I’m a sheep farmer, this is what sheep farmers do, they take their animals to make, they take them to the abattoir.”  Jeremy then wanted to say his final farewells to the sheep, but was left taken aback when the man in charge of the abattoir told him it was too late.  “Are they really? Are they dead?” Jeremy exclaimed, as he searched for his beloved ewes.  After his worst fears were confirmed, Jeremy began to cry over his loss after getting back into his car.