 That means I get paid actual money to be interested in news. But I have to tell you, hand on heart, God's honest truth, I am bash-me-over-the-head-with-a-breezeblock-and-put-me-out-of-my-misery stupifyingly bored of Partygate. So the boredom you lot must be feeling doesn't bear thinking about. I know I'm supposed to care. I know I should care. I know I should be outraged on your behalf and especially on behalf of my fellow journalists at the BBC who suffer from a pitiable collective Obsessive Compulsive Disorder about this matter. (Compulsive behaviour is defined as performing an action persistently and repetitively without it necessarily leading to an actual reward or pleasure...ringing any bells Beeb-liebers?) Facts: Boris had a drink two years ago. Then, well for the sake of the lawyers let's say he was a bit equivocal about the matter. Then Sir Keir and Angela Rayner had a drink two years ago. Then, again for the sake of the lawyers, Labour was even more equivocal about the matter. Conclusion? Almost everybody broke lockdown rules, politicians lie, and the Met Police are utterly useless. Probably won't be stopping the presses for any of those. With MPs suitably shamed and ridiculed, and with the whole thing logged by voters for the next time they stick a cross in a box, you may have thought it was time to move on. But no. For months and months (and months and months) the unelected leftwing luvvie media classes in Islington have decided Boris - just Boris of course - must go. And they will happily ignore the fact the world is burning to the ground around them to achieve this end. It is quite wonderful in a way to see these useful idiots on the left doing the hard right Tory backbenchers' dirty work for them. Trebles all round in the Strangers Bar! Because there is nothing a big chunk of that lot would love more than a shamed Bojo hounded from office - though it has to be admitted the numbers and the names of the Boris-bashers do seem to change on a carousel-like basis. I like to use the gymnastically flexible Douglas Ross as a bellwether of the way the Parliamentary party's wind is blowing - one day Mr Ross is screaming Brutus-like for the PM's demise and the next he is graciously and happily conceding "this is not the time to be discussing resignations." Currently Mr Ross's wind seems to favour Boris. As well it may because while Mr Ross's flexible principles makes him easy fodder for ridicule he does at least get the bigger picture - you know, the picture almost everyone in Britain seems to be able to get except those in Whitehall and the BBC. There's a horrible war on. That war is making our food bills more expensive. That war is making our gas bills more expensive. That war, and the continued misery of Covid, is making our money worth less and putting our taxes up, that war is about to trigger world hunger on a Biblical scale, that war is about to hike up your mortgage. That war, and the Covid fallout, not Boris's and Keir's crafty beer, is making us all poorer. And, by almost every measure, it's all going to get worse. Given this, you'd think we'd be focusing on encouraging our finest minds to figure out ways to mitigate against these horrors. And Boris, for his multiplicity of other monumental failings, is frankly quite good at getting others to do the thinking for him. It's a journalist trick - we don't need to be clever (indeed cleverness can actually be dangerous in this game), we just need to be good at finding people who are. The last thing Britain needs right now is a leadership crisis. Is it too much to ask of our politicians that they show just a crumb of unity, stop obsessing about themselves and start finding some solutions to the very hard questions facing every man woman and child in the country? Y'know, like we pay them for?