Before the Duchess of Sussex married Prince Harry, she ran ‘The Tig’. Meghan reportedly wants to revive it and has reapplied for the trademark for the title. Express.co.uk checked the US Patent and Trademark Office, and found a live trademark filing for ‘The Tig’. The trademark is listed as 1B on “current basis”, meaning the holder has “a bona fide intention to use your mark in commerce with your goods and/or services in the near future”, and was filed on February 25, 2022. The same logo used on the Duchess’ old blog is listed on the US website, and detailed as follows: “Providing a website featuring non-downloadable articles, interviews, photographs, and commentary in the field of food, cooking, recipes, travel, relationships, fashion, style, lifestyle, the arts, culture, design, conscious living, and health and wellness”. The attorney of record was Marjorie Witter Norman, who handled previous trademark registrations for Meghan. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan 'hated every second' of 'silly' royal tours The Mail on Sunday reported that Markle's lawyer Majorie Witter Norman had filed a new application to trademark ‘The Tig’ in July 2021. The application was made under a Delaware-based holding company Frim Fram Inc, which has links to the duchess's business manager Andrew Meyer. Royal author Tina Brown wrote in her book ‘The Palace Papers’ Meghan “often was still on set at 4AM” after filming ‘Suits’ updating her blog. She said: “She spent the downtime furiously updating The Tig, which she was convinced, not without reason, could emulate the success of Goop, Gwyneth Paltrow’s canny second-act creation of a pampering and wellness e-commerce site, with its $550 healing quartz necklaces. "'Meghan was always talking about Goop,' one of the Suits team told me.” DON'T MISS Royal Navy's £130bn laser can wipe out Putin's hypersonic weapons How the Stormont elections could undermine Boris's Brexit plan Furious expats rage at Brexit 's*** show UK In October 2021, royal commentator Neil Sean said he was told the couple thought it was a “good time” to restart The Tig. On his YouTube channel, he said: “According to a very good source, it appears that Meghan, alongside Harry, think this would be a very good time to restart The Tig. “This was something that Meghan and Harry simply couldn’t do as part of the British monarchy. “But her close advisors think she could easily eclipse the very successful Gwyneth Paltrow.” It comes after Meghan’s series ‘Pearl’ was cancelled by Netflix due to budget cuts on Monday It was being created under Meghan and Harry’s entertainment company Archewell Productions, and was scheduled to see Meghan, 40, take on the role of “creator and executive producer”. ‘Pearl’ was pitched as an animated series that documents the adventures of a 12-year-old girl, and how she overcomes ‘daily challenges’. Netflix however confirmed it will continue to work on a number of projects with Archewell Productions, including a documentary series called ‘Heart of Invictus’. The series will focus on athletes competing in the Invictus Games for injured veterans, an event founded by Prince Harry, in The Hague in 2022. In April, it was reported Meghan was seeking to trademark the word ‘archetypes’ for her first series of podcasts. The application was made at the United States Patent and Trademark Office last month by Archewell Audio, one of several businesses founded by Meghan and Harry. Archewell’s application says the word would cover a long list of entertainment services "in the fields of cultural treatment of women and stereotypes facing women".