Gary Neville has hit back at Jamie Carragher in the latest Twitter bickering match between the pair after disagreeing over Antonio Conte’s suitability as Manchester United manager. Neville felt compelled to respond after his Sky Sports colleague poked fun at him for his criticism of Conte’s tactics. Neville had tweeted his opinion on why Man United did not hire Conte after sacking Ole Gunnar Solskjaer in November, with the Italian eventually joining Tottenham: “I respect Conte and his football enormously but this Klopp interview gives the clear reason why he wasn’t the right fit for United,” Neville wrote after watching footage from Jurgen Klopp’s press conference. Liverpool boss Klopp had criticised the brand of defensive football played by Conte at Anfield on Saturday evening after the teams settled for a 1-1 draw, which ultimately could cost them their chance to win the Premier League title. Son Heung-min put Spurs in front before Luis Diaz’s deflected strike ensured the spoils were shared. READ MORE: Neville agrees with Carragher about two Man Utd targets The German caused a stir after responding to a question about Conte’s football, saying: “I’m sorry, I’m the wrong person to ask, I don’t like this kind of football. But that’s my personal problem. I think they’re world-class and I think they should do more in the game against Liverpool than 36-38 per cent possession. “But it’s my problem, I cannot coach it. I cannot do it. World-class players block all the balls, very difficult. My friend is doing it, fine, whatever. Absolutely fine, but I can’t. I respect everything that they do, but it’s not for me." DON'T MISSLiverpool's Klopp fires shot at Tottenham ‘game plan’ after title blowMan Utd and Liverpool's pre-season plans will make Keane's blood boilCarragher sets ten Hag his first major task as Man Utd boss After seeing Neville’s tweet, Carragher appeared to bait the Man United legend by posting a screenshot of an article where Neville had previously called for Diego Simeone to be hired as Manchester United’s next manager. The Argentinian is widely renowned for his dull but effective brand of football that frustrates teams by lining up in two compact low blocks of four. Seemingly, the ex-Liverpool defender was pointing out that Neville had wanted a defensive coach before and that Conte was not too dissimilar to Simeone. In his response, Neville replied: “Simone [sic] 4-4-2 aggressive style. Proper United that. Conte wing backs ?? No..” It is certainly not the first time the Sky Sports Monday Night Football punditry pair have engaged in a public debate. Their Twitter scraps are often unmissable due to the mixture of banter and genuine football opinions, which is what makes Neville and Carragher arguably the best duo in football broadcasting.