After losing the first round to Marine Le Pen by a single percentage point, defeated presidential hopeful Jean-Luc Mélenchon is now hoping to become the leader of the opposition to re-elected President Emmanuel Macron. On the day of his defeat, Mr Mélenchon called on his supporters to elect him Prime Minister in the upcoming parliamentary elections.  "I don’t want Mr Macron to keep power", he said ahead of the second round. When President Macron won the French presidential election, Jean-Luc Mélenchon called him "the worst elected president of the Fifth Republic" and renewed calls on his supporter to vote for his coalition. Speaking to Express.co.uk, MEP Manon Aubry joined Jean-Luc Mélenchon in calling Emmanuel Macron "the worst elected President": "Why do we say he is the worst elected? "Because in reality, among the votes that were cast for him in the ballot boxes on 24 April, there were a lot of votes that were not votes for Emmanuel Macron, that were votes against Emmanuel Macron. "Against - slip of the tongue - against Marine Le Pen." Political analysts argue the reason for Mr Macron’s re-election is he was the only alternative to Marine Le Pen who is still viewed as a far-right politician despite her attempt to ‘de-demonise’ herself and her party. But Marine Le Pen has made in roads compared to the 2017 presidential election that saw her and Emmanuel Macron face off in the second round. She lost with 41.5 percent of the votes this time around against 34 percent in 2017. MEP Aubry continued: "So, if you add at the same time that he (Macron) has a very low percentage of registered voters - the lowest percentage behind (former President) Pompidou in the whole of the Fifth Republic." Georges Pompidou won the French presidential election in 1969 with a slim lead at 58 percent of the votes. READ MORE: 'We deserve respect' Zelensky slams EU's 'unfair' treatment of Ukraine "In addition, a non-negligible and significant part of the votes that supported him at the ballot box was not really a vote of support, not a vote of adhesion. "But a vote to block to stop the far right, so yes Emmanuel Macron is in the minority. "Emmanuel Macron's project is in the minority in the country." Macron has been promoting unpopular measures such as raising the retirement age to 65 – a policy he failed to pass in his first term. DON'T MISS:Macron savaged as he is warned ‘five coming years will be even worse’ [REPORT]'Thanks but no thanks!' Richard Tice rejects Macron’s political EU [REPORT]What is Emmanuel Macron's political European community? [EXPLAINER] "You only have to look at who is defending retirement at 65 today, it's an extreme minority", Ms Aubry said. "So, I think he will have difficulty governing, difficulty governing on his project. "And that it is proposed to make his task easier by sending his opposition directly to Matignon (and become Prime Minister)."