Manchester City have launched an investigation after Aston Villa goalkeeper Robin Olsen was assaulted after Sunday's Premier League clash. Roy Keane branded those culpable 'scumbags' following the latest count of violence following pitch invasions at football games. The Etihad Stadium exploded into bedlam at full-time after Man City came back from two goals down to beat Villa 3-2 and pip Liverpool to their fourth Premier League title in five years. Supporters ignored a mid-game announcement requesting to stay off the pitch following the stunning comeback. And footage has revealed Olsen being hit numerous times by City fans rushing onto the pitch as he tried to make his way to the dressing room. The club released a statement shortly after the shameful incident, apologising to the 32-year-old and warning those guilty with lifetime stadium bans. It read: "Manchester City would like to sincerely apologise to Aston Villa goalkeeper Robin Olsen, who was assaulted after the final whistle at today's match when fans entered the pitch. The club has launched an immediate investigation, and once identified, the individual responsible will be issued with an indefinite stadium ban." JUST IN: Redknapp jokes he may 'knock out' Richards, Keane takes in City title  Villa manager Steven Gerrard was to first to confirm Olsen had been assaulted during his post-match press conference. "Our goalkeeper was attacked," he told reporters. "We're going to see how he is now, but I think you should ask Pep [Guardiola] and Manchester City those questions." It's the latest in a recent flurry of worrying incidents that have followed pitch invasions as tensions reach a high at the end of the season. A Nottingham Forest fan headbutted Sheffield United's Billy Sharp after their Play-Off semi-final before Crystal Palace boss Patrick Viera came to blows with an Everton supporter at Goodison Park on Thursday. READ MORE: Everton star Richarlison trolls Liverpool after Premier League agony  Roy Keane, working as a pundit for Sky Sports, was disgusted by the images. During City's celebrations, after everyone had returned to their seats, he lamented: "People have come back from COVID and forgot how to behave themselves. Idiots, scumbags." The incident put a slight dampener on a joyous day for the Citizens, who netted three goals in six minutes to break Liverpool hearts and finish a remarkable season as champions. But those involved in the assault will have City lifting their sixth Premier League title as their final-ever memory at the Etihad Stadium. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here. 