Carol Vorderman, 61, has reacted to Anne Robinson’s decision to step down from her role as Countdown host. Carol was a co-host on the Channel 4 game show for 26 years from 1982 until 2008. She took to Twitter yesterday to send Anne a message amid news she had quit the role to spend more time with her family. Carol retweeted an article reporting on Anne’s latest career update in view of her 481,000 Twitter followers. She added: “Awwwww.....lovely Countdown. “Hope you enjoyed it immensely Anne.” Fans were quick to reply to Carol’s tweet suggesting she reprises her hosting role. MikeTrio3 said: “Ever thought of going back to host the show Carol ? “to sit in Dickie's chair & present it as the main man once did.” BearlyAwakeLion asked: “You be up for hosting it yourself, Vorders? Go on!” ClairePuxley wrote: “Carol why don’t you return as the host.” Anne had taken over the role last year from former The Apprentice adviser Nick Hewer. She announced her departure earlier this week in a statement in which she said she had “stayed longer than I signed up for”. Anne said in a statement: "I’ve had a blast hosting this wonderful show. And I stayed longer than I signed up for. Now it is time for an older woman to take the reins. DON'T MISS...Anne Hegerty reacts to Mark Labbett's The Chase replacement [LATEST]Nicki Minaj struggles to contain her modesty at Met Gala 2022 [PICTURES]Katy Perry puts on risqué display as she flashes boob at Met Gala [RED CARPET] “I hope too I’ve encouraged TV bosses to realise that not all women at the wrong end of their seventies are in care homes playing bingo and watching conjuring tricks. "In fact the genius of Countdown is that it’s a brilliant way to keep the brain exercised. I run 5k most days of the week. “And I can now do an anagram at twice the speed I could this time last year.” The TV presenter concluded: But I have grandchildren, a large garden and a home in New York, all deserving more of my attention.” But for now, Anne will appear in the series up until the summer. Channel 4 said a replacement for the former Weakest Link star will be announced soon. The broadcaster praised the "quick-witted" presenter and called her a "brilliant host" on the hit daytime show. She featured alongside mathematician Rachel Riley and lexicographer Susie Dent.