Last week saw AMC’S hit series, Better Call Saul, finalise part one of its sixth and final season. With the second half returning to screens in July, actor Giancarlo Esposito opened up about working with Jonathan Banks, who starred as Mike Ehrmantraut.  As the crime series premiered its mid-season finale, fans watched as Jimmy McGill's (played by Bob Odenkirk) transformation into Saul Goodman was almost complete. Better Call Saul was a highly in-demand series as it was the prequel spin-off of Netlfix’s Breaking Bad. The series transported fans into the past as the show explored his journey to becoming the Saul who represented Walter White in Breaking Bad. Thankfully for fans, the episode titled Axe and Grind also saw a major change for Giancarlo Esposito who portrayed Gus Fring. READ MORE: Vera's Aiden Healy confirms 'break' from series Although Gus didn’t make an appearance in the episode, Giancarlo was hard at work behind the cameras, making his TV directorial debut. While the actor had directed films such as Gospel Hill and The Show, episode six was the first time he did so for a TV show. Giancarlo opened up about this in an interview with TVGuide and revealed: “I was really honoured and then I got nervous. “The visual sense of this is different than anything I've done, [I've] directed film, and this season in particular, more than any other, really reflects a film.”  Throughout the episode, fans watched the touching scene as Mike Ehrmantraut (Jonathan Banks) went stargazing with his daughter-in-law and granddaughter. Although they believe he is in Chattanooga, he was in fact watching them look at stars from across the road, while he spoke through the phone. While Mike was watching with binoculars, Kaylee had a telescope and they discussed the solar system through the phone. Giancarlo also reflected on working alongside Jonathan and called him “such a fine actor.”  DON'T MISS...Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly pays tribute to former co-star [INSIGHT]Better Call Saul ending explained: Why did Lalo kill Howard? [EXPLAINER]Better Call Saul’s Patrick Fabian on ‘emotional’ Howard exit [INSIGHT] As he directed the actor, Giancarlo revealed he wanted “him to be able to tap into showing us little glimpses of what we haven't seen of Mike.” He continued: “He achieved that very well, but I wanted to not lose his edge and his despair in his scene watching his granddaughter and his daughter-in-law, and he delivered that scene so beautifully. “He has to give her a directive to go back inside and listen to her mother, which could have been really, really tough, that's a directive, an order, but it sets a gentle side of a grandfather. “I contend that Jonathan is a really soft human being underneath his gruff exposure, and visually, it was creating the closeness that he has to them and the love he has for them, but he can't reach out and touch them. They don't know he's that close.”  Giancarlo continued: “It's tricky to work with Jonathan because Jonathan is so smart. “He also understands Mike better than any of us, and he realises that Mike has all these colours, and he can pull them out of his back pocket.” He added: “The challenge is always to allow him to know how good he is, and to allow him to know that we want to see all that variety. “I love working with him because he delivers,” Giancarlo stated, “He just needs to understand what you're trying to convey, and when you're on the same page, then it's done.” Better Call Saul Part two returns to AMC Monday, July 11. 