The Ipsos poll was conducted with 2,061 people aged between 16 and 75 in Great Britain between May 11 and May 12, and revealed that 51 percent of people were “very concerned” over the cost of living. With inflation and the cost of food on the rise, people around the country have been forced to look into their weekly spending habits, with food shopping costs having to be slashed. This has led to Brits becoming “concerned” for their diets, but experts have revealed some handy tips for creating healthy meals on a low budget.  Noel Bollman, co-founder of yfood, told how Brits can curb their monetary anxieties whilst also maintaining a nutritionally balanced diet. Yfood recently commissioned new national research which revealed close to 16 million people are now buying cheap food as the “expense of their nutritional needs”. According to their research, 51 percent are surviving on “cheap calories” by opting to buy food that is more affordable and will last longer, like frozen food and ready meals. A further 41 percent of people associate nutritious food products with unaffordable prices. Mr Bollman said: “Our research has highlighted that despite wellbeing and health being at the forefront of our minds over the course of the last two years, there is still a lack of understanding as to where Brits can source their essential nutrients. Convenience has understandably become a significant motivator behind the food Brits purchase, but on occasion, this can lead to a nutritionally imbalanced diet.”   The research also revealed the top five food items that can be bought on a budget and keep us fuller for longer. First on the list was beans, including kidney, butter and borlotti types that “are filling and cheap”. Next up was smoked mackerel, and with experts recommending two portions of oily fish a week, this has been revealed as one of the cheapest options when food shopping. The third item is a staple in most dishes, with onions containing “a myriad of health benefits, from anti-inflammatory to aiding digestion.” Yfood put kale as the fourth item, with the vegetable “containing vitamins and being a good source of iron”. READ MORE: 'Chaos' hits Heathrow Airport as 'huge queues' stretch  Finally, mushrooms made the list, containing “good-for-your-bladder selenium, and vitamin D”. The research also suggests 54 percent of Brits agree they are more money-conscious than nutrition-conscious. According to the Ipsos poll, two in five people have had to switch to a cheaper supermarket to keep food costs low, with costs of staple items like chicken and butter rising by a tenth over the last year. Pressure from rising bills is being felt particularly by those on lower incomes, with more than half of those earning less than £20,000 a year feeling “very concerned” about the rising cost of living over the next six months. Research at Loughborough University has revealed that costs for an average two-child family have increased by £400 a month.  DON'T MISS:Monkeypox patients to be treated with drugs made for smallpox  [INSIGHT]Brexit LIVE: 'Not what we voted for' furious Farage pinpoints  [COMMENT]High blood pressure: The smell 'frequently' reported among patients [ANALYSIS] According to the research, food prices have also increased by 9.3 percent. Pressure is being put on the government to come up with a plan to prevent families and individuals from falling into poverty as a result of the hike in inflation. A senior Tory MP has demanded Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak immediately slash three items to ease the cost of living crisis. Sir John Redwood said: “I would cancel the National Insurance rise. I don’t think you want to tax work more heavily. The best way to pay your bills is to have a job. Not everybody can do that so you need to be a bit more generous on Universal Credit for people who don’t have any other income coming in. “I would suspend VAT on domestic heating bills. And then probably do a bit on Income Tax as well. All of this you’ve got to do now. I wanted it done at the beginning of April because I’ve been warning for a long time as have others that this is going to happen.” 