The parade in Moscow has traditionally become a show of military power and strength for Russia, but after the conflict in Ukraine and Russia sustaining losses, the parade may seem much sparser. There will be fewer soldiers, armoured vehicles, tanks, and self-propelled artillery vehicles and, according to Russia’s defence ministry, there will be no T-80BVM tanks, Solntsepek flamethrower equipment or Pantsir-S anti-aircraft systems due to their continued use in the conflict.  Compared to the 191 military vehicles that were paraded last year, approximately 130 vehicles will be displayed this year. Meanwhile, 2,000 fewer military personnel will take part in this year’s parade compared to the 12,000 people of last year. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has stated that the lack of military equipment at the parade demonstrates how much the Russian army has suffered from the war. He said: “Yes, they still have missiles to strike at our territory, but this war has already weakened Russia so much that they have to plan even less military equipment for the parade in Moscow.”   Kazakh commentator Sulushash Magzieva even said that Putin’s conflict with Ukraine has destroyed and “evaporated” the “mirage” of Russian military strength in former Soviet states. Kazakhstan has cancelled its own annual Victory Day military parade once again, with recent events cancelled due to the coronavirus pandemic. Though no formal reason has been given, Kazakh President Qasym-Zhomart Toqaev said he “respected” Ukraine’s territorial sovereignty and has followed sanctions imposed on its neighbour by NATO allies. READ MORE: Key reasons Ukraine has NOT hit targets in Russia Ms Magzieva criticised the Russian army for “low ethics” and noted the lack of motivation for this war, unlike “the Second World War [which] was a different story” as “people were protecting their own homes and motherland”. Ms Magzieva also said Russia was “trying to get back to the Soviet days by demonstrating their military power at parades” but also suggested that with the Ukraine war “the reality showed a completely different picture”. President Zelensky has claimed in unverified statistics that Russia has lost over 23,000 troops, 1,000 tanks, 2,500 infantry fighting vehicles and 200 planes. DON'T MISS: Election POLL: Do you back Boris Johnson ahead of local elections? (POLL)Angelina Jolie rushed to bomb shelter during visit to war-torn Ukraine (REVEAL)Germany to soften Russia stance as Scholz' 'double-dealing' (INSIGHT)   