Mercury’s retrograde will end in Taurus on June 3, and this means the month with start off with serious, practical vibes. On June 4, Saturn - the planet of discipline and responsibility — will begin its retrograde in eccentric Aquarius. The summer solstice is also set to take place on June 21, when the Sun illuminates Cancer marking the beginning of an affectionate, and personal season. With so much going on, Express.co.uk spoke to Celebrity Psychic and Astrologer Inbaal Honigman, who revealed exactly what the month has in store for each star sign. "The Month of June is full of promise for us all,” Inbaal summarised. “There's a sense of fun throughout, with sporting events taking place, a lot of outdoor pursuits, and much competition, under the watchful eye of active planet Mars, and Jupiter, the planet of generosity, which are both in playful, competitive Aries all month long. “It's a great month for home improvement, as the first two to three weeks see Venus, planet of the home, and Mercury, planet of coordination, both in elegant, domestic Taurus. “Both then transition to fun, creative Gemini, which means the time is fabulous for theatre productions and outdoor concerts.” Inbaal said: “Big month for you Aries - just how you like it! “As a very active sign, you favour busy months with lots of human interaction, and June certainly delivers on that front. “Your own ruling planet, Mars, which likes hustle and bustle, is in your sign all month long, so you'll be running around every day. “Jupiter, planet of financial success, is also in your sign every day, so all the running around will result in some good fortune.” READ MORE: Kate should wear garnet over sapphire to match 'ambitious personality' “You're a calm and home loving sign, and your ruling planet is calm, home loving planet Venus,” the expert said. “This planet happens to rest in your own sign till the 22nd, so you'll be having quiet gatherings indoors with your favourite people. “Mercury, planet of communication is also in your sign until the 13th, so you'll be enjoying a relaxed chinwag on those days.” “Happy Birthday for Gemini Season!” The astrologer remarked. “From the 14th of the month, you see Mercury, planet of conversation and coordination, in your sign, which means you will be offered new jobs and new contracts. “Slightly overlapping, from the 23rd onwards, Venus is also in your sign. “This is the planet of love and romance, so you will be sorting through new proposals on that front, too.” DON'T MISS...Weight loss: Woman shed 5st by following NHS-approved diet plan [PICTURES]Food recall: Tesco recalls popular pastry product - full details [LATEST]How to clean duvet and pillows without washing machine ‘Kills germs’ [EXCLUSIVE] “As the sun sets into your own sign from the 22nd, you finally have a moment to think about yourself,” Inbaal explained. “Your own desires and your own benefit. As Cancer season starts, you feel less guilt about prioritising your own needs. “Normally, you're all over the place. Your ruling planet is the moon, which switches signs every two to three days, so you pay attention to different vibes three times a week all year! Cancer season is your time out.” “Your vibe is always in keeping with the rest of humanity - because your ruling planet is the Sun, and the Sun is so big and bright (as far as solar system planets go), that when the Sun is in Gemini this month, it effects you a lot, and you will feel very chatty, sociable and capable until the 22nd, but everyone else will sense it too - to a lesser degree,” she went on. “When the Sun moves to Cancer for the final 9 days of the month, you'll feel calmer and more inclined to go indoors.” “You are one of the two signs ruled by planet of communication, Mercury,” the expert revealed. “This makes you a great conversationalist, and helps your reputation as one of the most charming signs. “For the past two to three weeks, Mercury was in retrograde. This made it harder to work, run a business or own a phone. “From June 4, Mercury is back on track, so you can find all those lost emails and desktop folders.” “This should be such an easy month for you, you'll feel like you're on holiday, because everything will be in alignment with what you love,” the astrologer said. “Your ruling planet, romantic Venus, starts the month in Taurus, a fellow Venusian sign, until June 23. “Those weeks will be calm and happy, all about the home. The rest of the month, Venus is in Gemini, which happens to be an air sign, like you are - so you'll feel intellectual, creative and capable.” “June promises to be a stable month for you... but not necessarily an easy one,” Inbaal commented. “Traditionally, Scorpio was said to be ruled by Mars, planet of war, which will be in combative Aries all this month - so it's a month that pulls up arguments from long ago, so that they can be settled. “But Scorpio's modern ruling planet is Pluto, which will be in mature Capricorn all month... but retrograde. So Pluto isn't helping matters, and means that the month is still argumentative, whichever planet we're getting the information from.” “Once a year, we experience a full moon in your sign,” she added. “This is your moment to set your intentions for the rest of the year - manifest. “Write down everything you wish for, on the 14th when the moon is full, and leave the list on the windowsill under a clear crystal, and in the morning, put it in your pocket as a reminder to then go and achieve it all.” “This month, you feel as if things are working against you, in subtle, but very very real ways,” Inbaal explained. “First of all the planet of transformation Pluto, which is in your sign for decades, happens to be retrograde, which can bring bad luck at times, and a feeling as if you can't change things that need changing. “Add to that Saturn, planet of achievements and your personal ruler, going retrograde from June 5. You can't shake the feeling that anything you try, takes forever till it finally comes right.” “Saturn, which is one of your personal planets, is in your sign, Aquarius, all June long,” she added. “This planet is exactly the reason why you can be cold, detached and more involved in intellectual pursuits than physical. “But at least for the first five days of the month, it's going straight. As it flips into retrograde after June 5, you find that you're walking through treacle, and any changes you want to implement just take forever.” “Neptune has been in Pisces for 11 years... so can it still impact you every day, even after all this time?” Inbaal asked. “The answer is yes, absolutely. “Neptune is a planet of illusion. Dreams, confusion, even psychic messages - all qualities which Pisceans share. “So you're called to being more your true self - don't hide your personality from others. Wear it loud and proud.”