Kate Garraway recalled the awkward moment when she met Prince Charles at the Prince's Trust Awards at the Theatre Royal on Tuesday to her Good Morning Britain co-star Ben Shephard. Ben was left in stitches when Kate explained the reason she "smelt really bad" when she spoke to the royal on Thursday's instalment of the ITV news programme. A photograph of Kate wearing an orange and purple dress and smiling with the prince was shown to Good Morning Britain viewers.Kate started laughing and admitted: "Do you know what? First of all, I smelt really bad."It was because I had gone to the event and it was on Tuesday when there was a downpour, so I got absolutely soaked and when I went into the warm room I started to smell a bit like a wet dog." READ MORE: The Last Kingdom's Eliza Butterworth on co-star Alexander Dreymon As Ben was laughing, Kate continued: "You will see it when it goes on television tonight that my hair is like that scene with Monica from Friends. "So I was already feeling a bit sweaty and uncomfortable and Charles came along." Kate revealed the moment she went to shake the prince's hand, there was a "massive" thunderclap. "It was like electricity between us," the broadcaster exclaimed. "And he said, 'Do you have the power to control Zeus?'"   Kate admitted her knowledge of classics was from the Avengers movie franchise and she thought Charles was referencing the hammer-wielding god Thor who is also associated with thunder. "I thought [Charles] had got it wrong, but he hadn't," she admitted to Ben. Referring to the Marvel films, Ben quipped: "He was doing proper classics, he wasn't doing Chris Hemsworth classics." Turning the conversation back toward the thunder clapping when they shook hands, Kate explained: "Charles is laughing at the thunderclap [in the picture] and probably wondering what the smell is at that moment." DON'T MISS...'Move on!' GMB fans 'switch off' over Eustice partygate probe [LATEST] Richard Madeley shuts down George Eustice in GMB Partygate row [DEBATE]Brave mum 'will never mentally recover' after son fell into drain [INTERVIEW]   She joked: "Yes, I know all about the good life, I know how to get on with life." Ben smiled and said Kate had friends in high places before she explained the ceremony was "wonderful". "There were some incredible success stories which we just need to hear about, don't we?" The Prince's Trust awards were hosted by Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly.  The awards celebrate the achievements of young people and the ceremony will air on ITV on Thursday. Among the winners of awards was a woman who was helped through her addiction issues by the Prince's Trust and a mother who secured a job in the ambulance service after overcoming her experience of domestic violence. The Prince rubbed shoulders with a host of famous names at the event, including Bridgerton stars Phoebe Dynevor and Jonathan Bailey. Good Morning Britain continues on weekdays at 6am on ITV. 