Barcelona reportedly want to include Samuel Umtiti as part of the deal if they decide to sell Memphis Depay to Arsenal. It has been claimed in the last few days that Umtiti has been offered to the Gunners and Barca are seemingly desperate to get the player out of the club. It was reported on Tuesday that Barca are keen to give the French defender away, with Arsenal given the chance to sign him. The 28-year-old has made just one La Liga appearance all season in the 2-2 draw at Osasuna in December. Spanish outlet Sport has now explained how Depay could come into play. The Holland international wants to stay at Barca, however his game time could be restricted next season with Robert Lewandowski heavily linked with a move to the club. Barca are planning to make some attacking signings this summer to push Depay down the pecking order. Arsenal have shown the most interest in the player, who had an unsuccessful spell at Manchester United earlier in his career. READ MORE: Kylian Mbappe: PSG’s horrendous ‘decision’ proves Real Madrid is the best place to be  Sport claims Barca will look to accelerate the exit of a couple of players in the coming days. They are yet to decide if Depay is a player they want to sell. However, Arsenal are said to view the 28-year-old as a 'reliable option' as they add to their strikeforce in the close season. Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah are both out of contract in the summer, leaving Folarin Balogun as the only recognised striker available to Mikel Arteta. If Barca do decide they want to sell Depay, they will try to include Umtiti in the deal as well. Arsenal see Depay as the priority, though would 'study' the idea of signing Umtiti if Barca want to negotiate. DON'T MISSMan Utd reach conclusion after ‘investigating’ leaks under Ralf Rangnick [REPORT]Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag makes decision on futures of Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Eric Bailly [RUMOUR]Man Utd may be using Frenkie de Jong as a smokescreen for different signing instead [COMMENT]  Talks are said to have already been held between Arsenal and Depay regarding a potential transfer. The Gunners and Barca have good recent relations following Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's move to the Nou Camp in January. Barca have already sold Philippe Coutinho to Aston Villa following his loan spell in the second half of this season. Frenkie de Jong is a target for United and could raise a substantial amount of money if he leaves. Umititi has long been linked with a move to Arsenal, dating back to Arsene Wenger's time in charge. However, he has made just 50 appearances in all competitions in the last four seasons due to fitness problems and falling out of favour at Barca.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here