After her husband died, retiree Vicky Haywood wanted to plan her funeral ahead as her husband passed away very suddenly. She found arranging his funeral hard so wanted to make sure things were taken care of when she leaves her family. “I know how traumatic it can be when you lose someone, having to go through that process was very upsetting,” she said. To stop her family going through this she looked into pre-paid funeral packages which, for a monthly cost, would take care of all funeral arrangements. On Rip Off Britain today, Vicky explained her situation, and how it happened. In 2015, she took out a plan with Safe Hands Funeral Plans. Vicky paid £53.90 each month for five years. READ MORE: Inflation rise: 850,000 people at risk of bills 'immediately' rocketing again next month  Eventually, Vicky received a letter from Safe Hands stating that they would go into Joint Administration due to financial challenges they were having. Safe Hands told her that the company did not have enough money to repay all account holders in full, meaning she could be left with less than £3,500. She said: “I’m so angry that it is possible for a company to set themselves up as providing this service, and then just take the money and run basically.” Paul Wright, another customer, shared his experience on the show.  He paid £2,575 to SafeHands to cover his funeral care but now he has no idea if he will see the money again. He said: “It’s just sickening. It makes me feel sick to the pit of my stomach. “I can’t afford to pay out again for another funeral plan. “It makes you feel as if there is no point in planning. It’s just ludicrous.” Rip Off Britain spoke to Safe Hands administrators and they said they could not confirm whether plan holders would get any of their money back, or comment on Vicky’s and Paul’s cases. Presenter Gloria Hunniford added:“But they did say they will be conducting a detailed investigation into the firm's failures including the names of the companies directors and they will report in due course.” The joint administrators for Safe Hands told Express.co.uk they were unable to confirm any potential estimated return to plan holders right now, explaining the process of realising assets, determining liabilities and issuing partial repayments to plan holders is a significant undertaking and will take some time to complete. They said there will be an update within eight weeks of appointment. They also said they are carrying out our investigations into the events leading up to the insolvency and conduct of the Company’s Directors, and are unable to comment any further while those investigations are ongoing. Furthermore, when asked why some, but not all, plans were temporarily administered by Dignity Funerals Limited, they explained that upon appointment, they agreed an interim funeral services provision with the firm, as a temporary measure to honour plans activated during the administration while the Joint Administrators explore options for a longer-term solution. Rip Off Britain continues tomorrow on BBC one at 10am.