The value of properties in most parts of Britain maintained their growth rate in 2022, despite the impacts of the Covid pandemic. The latest UK House Price Index revealed all but three regions have reported positive monthly growth in March. How much did the average house sell for in your area? The House Price Index demonstrated average house prices in the UK increased by 9.8 percent in the year to March 2022. But this was down slightly from 11.3 percent in February 2022. At country level, Northern Ireland enjoyed the greatest monthly increase in house prices, rising by 3.4 percent (£164,590). Wales was next highest at 0.4 percent, England measured at 0.3 percent and Scotland showed no month-on-month growth.  READ MORE: First photo of rat that tried to eat disabled pensioner as she slep In England, the region which topped the charts with the highest monthly hike was the East Midlands, where prices grew by 1.2 percent to £240,329. Three regions - North East, South East and West Midlands - were tied in second place for monthly growth. All three regions registered a score of 1.1 percent, with house prices greatest in the South East (£384,966). Next was the North West with growth of 0.4 percent while the South West was marginally behind on 0.1 percent.  The bad news for residents who live in the East of England, London or Yorkshire and The Humber is that monthly growth actually fell. London saw the worst slump at -0.9 percent, but average house prices in the capital are still by far the most expensive at £523,666. Meanwhile, the East of England and Yorkshire and The Humber recorded ratings of -0.8 and -0.2 percent respectively. Annually, every region is still enjoying price growth of at least eight percent, rising as high as 12.4 percent in the East Midlands.  DON'T MISS: 'Energy-draining' standby appliances wasting you money [INSIGHT]House prices: Will house prices drop in 2022? Expert predictions [ANALYSIS]Parents panic after boy stabbed knifed at school gates [NEWS] Market analysts have explained the growth in house prices mainly through increased competition to buy a property. Despite a downturn in activity, the housing market has been supported by Government wage support schemes and savings during lockdowns. The decision by ministers to intervene with stamp duty cuts has also subsidised the housing industry and helped to keep prices rising as soon as the market unfroze.  At present there is thought to be more than twice as many buyers as sellers, giving way to an unprecedented mismatch between supply and demand. While selling now carries the benefit of a high return on your property, it does also mean you’ll be thrown into a fiercely competitive housing market. However, estate agents have reported those who have a buyer lined up, subject to contract, are in a much stronger position than individuals who have yet to sell. In fact, these ‘power buyers’ are more likely to get the property that they want and negotiate the best deal on price. 