When your appliance is dirty, washing your laundry can end up doing more harm than good. Dirt, laundry detergent, mould, and hard-water deposits build up inside your machine, and over time these can develop a musty odour, giving your clothes that damp, mouldy smell. If left untreated for a long time, they can even affect the efficiency of your machine. So, it’s essential to keep dirt and muck in check by giving your washing machine a little TLC from time to time. Cleaning experts at Laudrapp explained that the task of caring for washing machines doesn’t just stop at cleaning them, homeowners need to more importantly prevent the issue. They said: “Once you’ve cleaned your washing machine, there are a few simple things you can do to stop it from getting grimy again, and keep it working as efficiently as possible.” The first way is to avoid using too many products when washing clothes in the machine. The cleaning pros continued: “While all of those specialist detergents and fabric softeners might be great for your clothes, it’s thought that these extra products can contribute to build-up inside your machine. READ MORE: Laundry: How to ‘correctly’ load washing machines for ‘better results’ “So, try to use specialist products only when you really need some extra cleaning power to deal with tough stains or heavy soiling.” A hot cycle should also be carried out once a week to prevent bacteria festering. Most laundry, including everything from clothing to bedsheets, is washed at 30 to 40 degrees. The experts said: “But, while washing at 30 degrees might be better for the environment, it won’t get rid of any nasty bacteria that could be lurking inside your machine. “A long hot cycle once a week - at least ‎60 degrees and preferably 90 degrees — should kill off any bacteria and sanitise your machine.” DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to keep bath towels soft - ‘cheap and amazing’ way [COMMENT]Gardening tips: ‘Excellent’ 14p solution to ‘burn’ stubborn weeds [EXPERT]Gardening: ‘Critical’ way to give your daffodils post-flowering care [TIPS] As well as washing areas of the machine, it is also important to descale these appliances. Britons’ water supply contains calcium and magnesium, the amounts depend on the area you live in, and these minerals combine to form limescale. Large build-ups of limescale inside your washing machine can make your appliance less effective, and can even make your machine less energy-efficient and more expensive to run. The cleaning pros warned: “Left untreated, they could even cause your machine to break down. “That’s why it’s so important to descale your machine with a quality descaler at least once every three to six months. “Limescale will build up faster if you live in an area that’s served by a hard water supply, so you may need to descale your machine more frequently.” In between washes, the door of your machine should be left open slightly to allow moisture to escape. The experts explained that this will help to prevent a build up of mould. They said: “This will help to air the drum out, and prevent mould from forming inside the appliance and on the seal. “It will also help to wipe the seal dry after washing, as this will stop mould from forming in the folds of the rim.” It’s also essential that homeowners avoid leaving laundry sitting in the drum. The cleaning gurus explained: “Leaving your clean washing to sit in the drum for hours after the wash cycle has finished will make both your laundry and your machine smell musty and damp. “So, always remove your wet laundry as soon as possible after washing. “If you’ll be out of the house, use the delay function, so that the end of the wash cycle coincides with when you’ll return home.”