On the Pension Confident podcast, Peter Komolafe was joined by a panel of experts to discuss the various options available for funding retirement.The question put for discussion was whether buying a property was a better way to fund a happy retirement rather than paying into a pension.Peter Komolafe was joined by a panel of experts to discuss the various options available for funding retirement. The question put for discussion was whether buying a property was a better way to fund a happy retirement rather than paying into a pension. Mr Komolafe shared growth data from Halifax which showed that UK house prices have gone up around 200 percent in the past 20 years whereas the main US stock market - the SNP 500 - has generated over 400 percent over the same period, according to Investopedia. This shows that investing into pensions may bring higher returns over time than property, but the property market has still seen huge growth over the decades, far outstripping inflation. However Britons are reminded that past performance is not an indicator of future performance and investments can go up or down. Rachael Oku, Vice President of Brand and Communications at Pension Bee explained that some people overplay the practicalities of paying their mortgage off to own the home, and then selling it. Getting on the property ladder is a whole task in itself so many people underestimate how hard it can be to sell their homes once retirement comes. She said: “The thought of having to vacate [your home] when you turn 65 or whenever you want to retire can be difficult. If you want to free up some money or all of the money you can’t stay in the property. READ MORE: PIP: How to make a successful claim and receive over £600 a month  Abba Newbery, Chief Marketing Officer at online mortgage broker explained that attitudes towards pensions and retirement need to “fundamentally change” as people are living much longer, so there is more time to save for. She said: “If you’re thinking about retirement at 65, you need a pot of money that is going to last you at least 30 years so.” Ken Okoroafor said that property gives this visual gratification but people need better visualisations of the benefits of their pensions. He said: “People overlook pensions because they can’t access it, but it’s actually an advantage.” Mr Okoroafor explained that people need to learn to close the behavioural gap between where they want to be and where they are. What separates this is people’s mindsets and lifestyles. If people learn how to change the way they operate in terms of lifestyle and subscriptions, living in debt and off of credit cards, and through Instagram, then it could help for the future. He said: “If you can narrow in on the gap of where you are and where you want to get to the result you get, the out put you get is more money in pensions, or the buy to let. This is what happens. When you close the gap you simplify your lifestyle.” Data from Halifax showed that UK house prices have gone up around 200 percent in the past two years whereas the main US stock market - the SNP 500 - has generated over 400 percent over the same period, according to Investopedia. Britons are reminded that past performance is not an indicator of future performance and investments can go up or down. Ms Oku believed that pensions may be better use of one’s money due to the many benefits attached to them, not just the returns. With workplace pensions, employers can match offers and people can effectively get “free money”, so people should not opt out. She said: “Your pension will grow much faster if you remain opted in.” She also explained that Britons get 25 percent tax relief on their personal contributions. So if someone paid £100 into their pension, the Government would add £25 (for basic rate tax payers). “Over time this will snowball and just grow and grow,” she added.