Chelsea are lagging behind in their summer transfer window plans because Thomas Tuchel is yet to hold discussions with the club’s hierarchy or talk to players he'd like to sign, the Blues head coach has bemoaned. Todd Boehly is expected to be named as the club’s new owner over the next few days, with a stumbling block regarding Roman Abramovich’s sale understood to be overcome. The west Londoners need a busy transfer window to remain among the Premier League’s elite but their takeover saga is proving to be an obstacle. Chelsea will likely need at least two defenders and have been linked with several forwards. Tuchel is set to lose centre-back pair Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen on free transfers when their contracts expire at the end of June. But the German has been unable to discuss plans with the club’s hierarchy while priority has been given to ensuring a legal passover of ownership. The Chelsea boss briefly met with Boehly over lunch last week but is yet to have serious discussions over transfers. Tuchel has said that he has ‘ideas’ about the summer plans but has not been able to hold talks with any of the club’s hierarchy. JUST IN: Man Utd reach conclusion after ‘investigating’ leaks under Rangnick He said: "We have an idea, but unfortunately, the guys don't know that we have an idea, nor do the clubs. We have ideas, but we also need to find out what the ideas of the new owners are. This is also a key point, and from there, we go. "Normally, at this time of the season, you are contacting players, you are out, you get a feeling, a read, you have discussions, you have dialogue, you have feedback, you know who is committed, you find your targets, you sign your players, and you go from there to the next step. Because we didn't have this step, this is where we are." Rudiger is leaving to join Real Madrid while Christensen is likely to sign for Barcelona. Fellow defender Thiago Silva will turn 38 at the start of next season. Tuchel added: "We had a core in our back three, and we do have an issue with Thiago. “He is not Benjamin Button. It seems like he is, but he's not. He is getting older, and it would have maybe been enough to find a natural replacement for this kind of position and keep everybody else. DON'T MISS...Chelsea's Cesar Azpilicueta in 'final talks' with Thomas Tuchel today Chelsea 'hatch plan' to secure first signing after Boehly takeoverChelsea boss Thomas Tuchel believes they 'deserved' to do the double "Suddenly, we lose two, three, three-and-a-half players at the back and this is actually concerning. It is a huge, huge challenge, given the fact that you cannot act. "Everybody else is driving from the start, and you are still not finding the right gear to get your kickstart. This is where we are. It is a long race, but we don't give up. It makes it a bit more complicated, but this is what it is. We try our very best to make up for the disadvantage, but there are some things to solve." Boehly’s takeover is expected to be ratified over the coming days following a slight stumbling block that caused disruption. The government wanted assurances over the £1.5billion loan that sanctioned owner Abramovich is waiving. Tuchel will hope that he can soon catch up with rivals’ plans, particularly after falling well short in the Premier League title race. Chelsea slipped away while Manchester City and Liverpool dominated - with the champion set to be decided on the final weekend.