The Top Gun star was on hand to host part of the celebrations in Windsor with Alan Titchmarsh but before the proceedings got underway, he caused chaos as he walked to the ITV set. Tom Cruise sparked a frenzy as he walked through the town and was mobbed by fans. But Phillip Schofield explained he took the time to speak to everyone working on the Jubilee celebrations. “Now he’s a class act, that’s for sure,” Phillip commented. “He caused absolute chaos in Windsor because he decided to walk to the studio. “So the police, obviously, then had to do serious crowd control at the drop of a hat but he met everybody. “We went into his winnebago, he had a pair of aviators sitting on - because obviously I’m looking ta everything. READ MORE: Queen’s Platinum Jubilee viewers slam 'disrespectful' Tom Cruise chat “The most delightful man. When he did our interview he then went downstairs and met everybody and went into rooms to meet people. “He made upper eye contact. He is a class act.” Tom sat down to chat with Phillip and co-host Julie Etchingham before the Jubilee Celebrations kicked off. Commenting on his latest film, Phillip said: “We both went to see Top Gun: Maverick last week and as you know, sort of big fans of the original, we were terrified, we thought, ‘What are we going to say if we don’t like it?’ “It is incredible. It’s everything you want it to be and more. And for you, I guess a very important movie to get right?” “Very,” Tom replied. “I mean every film I make is very important but this one people have been asking for decades.” Despite Phillip claiming Tom was a “class act” many ITV viewers were furious with the amount of coverage Top Gun was given. Some claimed it was “disrespectful” to the Queen as the presenters seemed more interested in the film than her Jubilee celebrations. DON'T MISS...Platinum Jubilee viewers blast ITV and beg for BBC coverage [REACTION]POLL: Should Meghan and Harry be allowed to become part-time royals? [POLL]Sir David Jason on how the Queen epitomises true Brit grit [INSIGHT] @JiveDancer99 posted on Twitter: “Time to turn over to #AntiquesRoadshow as #ITV have spent 45 minutes waffling on and allowing #TomCruise to plug his new film and not the platinum celebration of The Queen’s reign that was advertised.” @CityHobo61 added: “Given up on the dire @ITV coverage of #PlatinumJubilee - after an hour seen more of Tom Cruise plugging his film than show & far too much of Phil & Julie. Utter waste of programming time!” (sic) @eileenp92811144 asked: “ thought this was all about Her Majesty. C'mon, who cares about Tom Cruise. Publicity for himself and his films.” “Can @itv just show the full ceremony without ads and Tom Cruise promoting his film?” @bryanjdavis posted. “So far, the production is just a mess and hugely disrespectful for her majesty when the live show is probably very good.” Tom said of being asked to partake in the celebrations: “What she has accomplished is historic. “She has met presidents, world leaders, people from all walks of life. Not just Americans, but the world knows the dignity, devotion and kindness, that is what I have always felt about her. “Someone that understands her position and has held it through a history that's just been extraordinary the past 70 years.” This Morning airs weekdays on ITV from 10am.