Wondering how you can make your online dating profile attract more successful matches and connections? Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to Match’s dating expert, Hayley Quinn about the do’s and don’ts when it comes to setting up a profile, and what pictures to include if you’re looking to find love. “What makes a great profile is creating one full of your own unique personality,” Hayley said. “Don't write cliches such as, ‘I’m competitive about everything’ or talk about things in too general terms, ‘I like travel.’ “Instead, be specific about what you like and dislike, ‘Favourite country? Germany. Hands down. No speed limits, punctuality and apfelstrudel, what's not to like?’ “You can even go one better than this and add a voice note to your profile. Platforms like Match now have this feature, which is really helpful for communicating your personality. Most people come across much better when they say things, instead of write them,” she added. As for photos to include, many men love to pose with a cute animal to make themselves more appealing. READ MORE: 10 best dating sites and apps in the UK for 2022 to help you find love Hayley explained: “Photos with cute animals may make you look more approachable, and photos with a guitar more attractive. “However, the most important aspect of having great photos is that you're clearly visible in the image. “All your pictures should be high resolution, with you taking centre stage in the majority of your shots. “The odd photo of you sky diving is okay, but just make sure people can clearly see who you are in the rest of your images.” The dating expert did say there’s a certain photograph to avoid having on your profile: “Too many group photos can make it hard to tell who you are. Especially for your lead photo make sure that it's a solo shot, so someone can see exactly who you are.” DON'T MISS...Nutritionist suggests avoiding ‘toxic drinks’ to lose weight [COMMENT]How to look younger: £28 high street serum that 'strengthens skin' [BEAUTY]Lawn care: How to 'instantly’ repair brown patches [EXPERT] After creating a great profile, when is the best time to be active? Hayley said it is “less about location and time” and it’s better to focus on “how you use online dating that counts”. “If you want to find a committed relationship, first of all check that your profile is true to yourself,” she explained. “Secondly, make sure that you're using the app consistently. If you only reply to people every few days, then your interactions will fizzle out. Aim to be much more responsive in your messaging. In conclusion, Hayley said: “Online dating success often comes down to consistency. So make sure you're consistently logging in, updating your profile, and replying to people's messages quickly.” To kickstart a conversation, the dating expert revealed “the best opening message” to send. “The best opening messages you can send are those that are unique. Sending a ‘Hey how's your weekend going?’ message will likely get buried in someone's inbox. “Instead, choose to comment on a unique detail from someone's profile. For instance, if they love travel you could ask, ‘If you could fly to one destination tomorrow, where would it be and why?’ Or you can create a playful challenge in your message, ‘Would it be really off-putting if I told you my favourite holidays normally involve a pair of hiking boots?’ “This shows you’ve paid attention and are willing to put yourself out there which is an attractive personality trait to anyone looking to find love,” she added. When it comes to meeting up with a match for a date, Hayley suggested: “A first date really is just an opportunity to have fun and see if you connect, so don't feel too much pressure to impress. “Choose a first date location that's relatively easy for you to get to, that doesn't cost the earth, and that you'd find fun to go on anyway - even if you don't feel a connection. “Focus on subjects you'd like to talk about, and only ask questions that you genuinely want to know the answer to. “Finally if you like someone, tell them you'd like to see them again, and give yourself the chance to experience that spark.”