For decades the rivalry between Moore and Sean Connery was played out in public polls, articles, and even on-screen when they both appeared in the iconic role in the same year in 1983's competing Never Say Never Again and Octopussy. The two stars were actually friends and even later revealed they had secretly discussed who should do which of those two movies between them. Connery always had an innate swagger but, despite his eternally self-deprecating nature, Moore would have been touched to know how highly he was regarded, including by other Bond actors. One even described waiting for his autograph as a child. Although (spoilers) that is not who the eyebrow-arching icon picked as the most convincing Bond. Nor did he ultimately choose his old friend and rival. Brosnan's turn as 007 was probably the closest to his idol's, but Moore himself perhaps surprisingly choose very different incarnations of the secret agent when he was asked who he admired. The legendary actor kept a rapt audience entertained at a 2016 show at the Southbank Centre in London where he reminisced about his career and biggest regrets. He revealed that Lawrence of Arabia left him "depressed" by its perfection and the sense that he "might as well give up the business' because they had made the best movie that had ever been made." And he spoke openly about the current (at the time) Bond actor and how he rated his performance. DON'T MISSBond girl Maud Adams helped Hollywood star almost replace Roger MooreMr T and George Peppard ‘hated each other with a passion’ on A-TeamQueen's John Deacon: The beautiful hit he wrote for his wife Moore typically amusingly said: "When I saw Casino Royale, I thought that Daniel Craig did more action in the first seven minutes than I did in seven movies." He was then asked about who was the greatest Bond of all time and gave an unexpectedly mixed answer: "I think that Sean was obviously the great Bond. He was obviously the right person, he brought the right personality to the performance, otherwise Bond would not have gone on past the first six that he did. He was a tremendous Bond." However, Moore then added a slightly shocking caveat. Moore said: "Today, I think we're very lucky to have Daniel Craig because he is quite extraordinary, I always say that Sean looked like a killer - but Daniel Craig would finish it off." Some might say that was even elevating Craig above Connery. Of course, now all eyes are on the future, since No Time To Die turned out actually to be the perfect time to, well, die for our most recent 007. Moore also had some thoughts on who might come next, too, singing out Aidan Turner for the job: "I think Aidan would make a very good Bond."