Whether it's the sticky paw prints of little ones or shoe-level scuffs in the hallway, the walls of your home can accumulate dirt and marks over time. Tackling dirty walls can seem like a big task, but according to one TikTok user, there is a simple cleaning "hack" that could speed up the process. The user, posting under the name Tanya Home Inspo, said it is a "hack you'll wish you'd known sooner". According to Tanya, all you need is some baking soda, disinfectant, and a paint roller. In the video, the user can be seen dissolving a tablespoon of baking soda into a bowl of piping hot water. She then adds a splash of disinfectant, before mixing together. READ MORE: Gardening tips: ‘Excellent’ 14p solution to ‘burn’ stubborn weeds Next, using a paint roller, she applies the solution to the walls of her home to tackle a build-up of dirty marks. She said the hack "cleans and makes your walls smell nice", but does it really work? Commenting on the hack, an expert from Casumo said: "Cleaning your walls may seem odd to some but parents will understand how easily children will get them dirty and using just 3 things this TikTok has got you covered. "By combining disinfectant, water and bicarbonate of soda into a bowl and using a roller to distribute the mixture will have your walls looking as good as new whilst having a lovely scent." According to experts from Architectural Digest, baking soda can be used to "tackle stubborn stains" on your walls. They explained: "If you come across any stubborn stains on painted walls, turn to baking soda and water. Baking soda is a natural stain fighter. Mix a half cup of baking soda with a quarter cup of water until it forms a paste. "Gently rub that paste into the stained part of the wall and the stain should lift." DON'T MISSHow to get rid of pigeons in your garden - 5 easy ways [EXPLAINER]How much water do tomato plants need? [INSIGHT]House prices: Will house prices drop in 2022? Expert predictions [REPORT]  Baking soda, also known as bicarbonate of soda, works well as a natural cleaning agent due to its high pH, which makes it alkaline. The alkaline properties are able to dissolve dirt and grease. The structure of baking soda then works as a gentle abrasive that can clean without leaving harsh scratches. If you do not want to use disinfectant on your walls, Architectural Digest recommended trying a solution of dish soap and water. It said: "Fill one bucket with a gallon of warm water and mix clear liquid hand or dish soap and water in the other. "Soak a cloth in the solution, and wring it out well." However, before using the mixture on your walls, it recommended testing a small patch first. The experts explained: "While the dish soap and water make for a gentle cleaning solution, you should always test an inconspicuous area, like a section of the wall that's behind a painting or piece of furniture, to make sure it won't damage the material. "Wallpaper and matte paint are more delicate than high-gloss paint, so it's good to err on the side of caution and do a little test."