The war in Ukraine has helped push up already sky-high fuel costs, putting more strain on Britain’s struggling fishing industry. The red diesel that many British fishermen use for their vessels rose from around 74p a litre at the start of February to as much as 151p by mid-April, according to data from fuel website Boiler Juice. The rise has left fishermen struggling to cover their costs, with some reportedly resorting to leaving their boats in port. June Mummery, ex-MEP and founder of the Renaissance of the East Anglian Fisheries, tweeted: “Fisherman tying up, fuel so expensive, not worth going to sea.” Britain’s fishing industry has issued a number of warnings in recent months that the spike in fuel costs could force them to tie up their boats and have a devastating impact on the UK’s food supply. The Shetland Fishermen’s Association (SFA) issued a plea for help in March warning that the war in Ukraine had seen the cost of marine diesel in the islands more than double compared to the previous year. With nearly 50,000 tonnes of fish and shellfish being landed in Shetland last year, Daniel Lawson of the SFA urged politicians to act urgently to “help our fishing fleet keep feeding the nation”. He added: “While Shetland boats struggle on, they see governments elsewhere take action to help an industry that is clearly valued.” Britain’s fishermen are getting little support to weather the crisis compared with other European countries.  In France, fishermen can benefit from a government subsidy to help with the cost of fuel, while Spain’s government has pledged to lower taxes at state-run ports and is offering low-interest loans to help keep fishing boats on the water. In contrast, the SFA said rising fuel costs meant some crew were considering not going to sea, while others were taking wage cuts or letting go of crew members. Mr Lawson said: “The knock-on effects of Shetland’s fishing fleet being forced to tie up would be a hammer blow to the economy of our islands, the wider supply chain, and to the nation’s entire food supply – with more fish landed here every year than in England, Wales and Northern Ireland combined. “Ministers need to take notice, and action, now, to help our fishing fleet keep feeding the nation.” Mr Anderson said: “It’s almost a forgotten fact that fishing crews help to feed the nation. “War puts things in perspective, and every household and industry across the UK is feeling the strain of rapidly rising fuel bills, but our governments need to be aware that boats have been struggling – and that we can’t keep fishing for long in the current climate. “Already in Shetland we’ve seen crews forced to consider tying up, taking wage cuts, or being let go altogether until vessels become viable again. That won’t happen soon without a show of support for our industry, as other countries have chosen to do.”  Fishermen in Scotland have also warned they are struggling to cover their costs, with official figures showing diesel prices are up by a third on last year. The Scottish Fishermen Association said last month that prawn, scallop and white fish vessels appeared to be the worst hit by the jump and that some boats were choosing not to go out to sea due to rising costs. The war in Ukraine has also driven fish prices up and caused shortages in UK supermarkets as the latest official figures show food prices are rising at the fastest pace in more than a decade. Andrew Selley, chief executive of food wholesaler Bidcorp UK, told BBC Radio 4’s Today programme in April: “Russia's the major provider of white fish globally so that's why I think it's been mooted about the increases in staples like fish and chips, because we are seeing big increases - chips as well - in energy and shipping costs.” Speaking to the same programme, Elspeth Macdonald, chief of the SFA, said: “Anybody who is involved in fishing activity, where fuel is essentially your largest running cost, is really feeling the consequences of these increased fuel prices. “People are resorting to some of the types of things they did when the Covid pandemic first hit - and we had a real impact on the demand for seafood - in that people, with their vessels, are perhaps bringing forward scheduled maintenance, trying to get some work done. “We certainly are hearing that some vessels are taking the decision to actually not fish at the moment because of the impact on profitability. And that's particularly true of prawn vessels, scallop vessels and some of the white fish fleet.”  She called on the Government to step in and provide support, adding: “We're all feeling the pressures of the cost-of-living increases but we want to make sure we have still got a viable industry when the crisis passes." It comes as Britain’s fishing industry struggles with the impact of Brexit, with many within the sector accusing the Government of breaking its key promise to help Britain “take back control” of its waters. Despite the industry becoming the poster child for many supporters of Britain’s exit from the EU during the 2016 referendum campaign, Britain’s fishermen have said they have been sold out by the post-Brexit trade deal agreed with the European Union. Speaking in June last year, Barrie Deas, chief executive of The National Federation of Fishermen's Organisations, said the government’s assurances and promises made before striking a trade deal with the bloc in 2020 had been broken. He said: “It's really quite hard to convey how sudden was the fishing industry's fall from grace.” “The flags flying over our vessels for the last couple of years had a slogan which was 'fishing no sell out' and that really spelt out our fears. Those flags now seem both politically astute and prescient because that's what's happened.” 