Boris Becker’s ex-wife Lilly Becker has given an update on the tennis icon after he was jailed last Friday and has admitted that telling their 12-year-old son Amadeus was “the hardest thing.” The three-time Wimbledon champion was sentenced to two-and-a-half years behind bars after being found guilty of several offences under the Insolvency Act relating to his bankruptcy in 2017.  “Lilian [his girlfriend] has told me he’s okay - he’s fine,” Ms Becker revealed to Piers Morgan on his new Uncensored show. “It’s not a five-star hotel is it. He can be as good as he can be. You know he’s embarrassed, you know he’s humiliated. So how is he going to pick himself up from this? The best way he can - by trying to stay mentally strong, focused. “I completely broke down [when hearing the verdict]. I couldn’t believe what I was hearing because I was convinced up until the judge made her verdict that he was going to get off a little bit lighter than two-and-a-half years. And I had to keep it together. And I did not know how I did it. “Thank god my son - I was prepared - I kept him out of school, he was prepared. I had to break it down to him. We had purposely not spoken about the trial or anything. I had no choice but to break my heart - or actually his heart - last Sunday and I don’t wish this upon anybody. It was the hardest thing I had to do - with a 12-year-old. He couldn’t grasp it - he still can’t. It breaks my heart. I think we’ve all been through enough as a family. JUST IN: Nadal request made at Madrid Open due to Real Madrid vs Man City  “He is dying to see his father. The saddest part about it was I couldn’t break it down because these kids are now going on YouTube, they’re going on the internet. The internet is cruel. But he also has a loving support system around him. He’s curious and I’ve told him we all make mistakes. 'Your Papa didn’t listen to the law and he is on the naughty step - a bit bigger one.'” Tennis superstar Becker was declared bankrupt due to an unpaid loan of over £3million on his estate in Spain. And he was later hauled before the courts after being accused of hiding millions of pounds worth of assets in an attempt to avoid paying his debts. DON'T MISSAsh Barty retirement verdict given by South Africa cricket legendMurray's main weapon may be used against him in Shapovalov Madrid tieEmma Raducanu Wimbledon warning fired with 'unbelievable' target set  The 54-year-old appeared in court for sentencing wearing a Wimbledon tie last Friday after being found guilty of four charges by a jury on April 8. Those charges related to the removal of property, two counts of failing to disclose estate and concealing debt. “I think it’s personal for all of us,” Ms Becker added. “We all pulled together - his ex-wife, the kids, his current girlfriend Lilian. The first thing we did was reach out to each other. It’s hard because it’s public, it’s everywhere. It’s hard because everybody has an opinion about it - rightly so.” 