Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced a new set of measures to tackle soaring prices which includes every household in the UK receiving an energy bill discount of £400 this October. A TalkTV radio caller reacted to the Government’s new cost of living measures and claimed people on a “middle income” have been “forgotten” as she lamented the lack of substantial support for the “heavily taxed” and those receiving “huge bills”. Emma from York said: “They’ve forgotten about those on a middle income who are taxed heavily and get no support. “We’re taxed massively and have a big mortgage. “We’ve only got one income and there’s four of us. "My husband loses 50 percent of his salary and we have huge bills." She continued: “It’s a worry every single month. “We have our heating on at 17C and usually when I hear it kick in, I still turn it off. “I have the haircut once twice a year. “We don’t go out for dinner.” READ MORE: UK scores DOUBLE Brexit trade deal bonus in US and Asia “So for me playing the lottery is something that I shouldn't really do because it’s money.” TalkTV Ian Collins reacted: “But you live in hope” She concluded: “My husband has really had really bad mental health issues because of it”. DON'T MISS: M&S closures herald destruction of high street as 32 stores axed [WATCH]'Selfish' neighbour causes mum to be awake at 5.30am every day [LISTEN]Priceless warplane crashes after skimming over house roof [INSIGHT] Speaking in the House of Commons, Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced a new package of measures to tackle the current cost of living crisis. Besides a £400 discount on energy bills of every UK household, the package also includes a £650 payment to help the poorest households as well as a £300 payment to 8 million pensioner households. The package also includes a £5bn tax on oil and gas giants, Mr Sunak announced. And on Friday he defended his decision to include a universal clause for a £400 discount on energy bills for every household, insisting he recognised everyone was suffering.