Referencing the cost of living crisis, Laura Pidcock hit out at "unadulterated, unaccountable wealth, privilege, power and exploitation". Writing on Twitter, the former MP for North West Durham said: "I just feel like there is a real grossness to the state-driven Jubilee celebration fanfare. People are skint, getting so much more skint & full of worry & we are supposed to go out & celebrate 70 years of unadulterated, unaccountable wealth, privilege, power & exploitation? Nah." Many people on Twitter agreed with Ms Pidcock, with one, @Epidemiology76, writing: "I'd describe it as obscene. "The Queen could have done the decent thing months ago and said cancel all celebrations and take the money that would have been spent and spread it across her most vulnerable subjects to help them but no it's all about them." Another, Bev Fazakerley (@bevefazak) wrote: "Laura totally with you on this. "She is the richest person in the world, owns a huge amount of land in GB. "What the royals bring in as a draw of tourists does not touch the wealth they have amassed." But others hit back at her comment, with some reminding her that "nobody is forcing" her to celebrate the event. Annie (@henriksenjensen) wrote: "If you don't want to celebrate this event then don't. "Nobody is forcing you to. "Remember though, there are many people who would like to celebrate this occasion". Maria ClaraIbarra Ydelos Santos (@ClaraYdelos) described Ms Pidcock's comment as a "strange take", writing: "Even people from all over the world are coming in to celebrate bringing in business after a long Covid lockdown and many businesses going under. READ MORE: 'Don't give a f*** about Jubilee' Calls for 'Scottish republic' grow "I’d have thought this would be a welcome thing to Brits. Strange take there, Ms. Pidcock." Angela (@lee_r_b) agreed, writing: "I completely disagree. The money would not have been given to the people that need it. "As a nation we should celebrate our Queen and what she has done for us. "I think people forget the amount of money the royal family bring into this country." DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry given olive branch with 'surprise balcony appearance' [REVEAL] Meghan's 'political gesture' analysed - 'First Lady' mannerism exposed [INSIGHT] Prince Harry 'very much enjoying' Netflix cameras ahead of Jubilee [ANALYSIS] "I’d have thought this would be a welcome thing to Brits. Strange take there, Ms. Pidcock." Angela (@lee_r_b) agreed, writing: "I completely disagree. The money would not have been given to the people that need it. "As a nation we should celebrate our Queen and what she has done for us. "I think people forget the amount of money the royal family bring into this country." More than 200,000 lunches are expected to be held this Sunday to commemorate the milestone. A total of 85,000 people have registered an interest in holding a lunch, significantly more than the 64,000 that registered an interest in doing the same for the Diamond Jubilee ten years ago. Many more last-minute bids are expected to be lodged in the days leading up to the weekend.