Arsenal have reportedly made contact with Chelsea about the possibility of signing wonderkid Levi Colwill this summer. The teenage defender has had a stellar campaign on loan at Huddersfield Town, and the Gunners are among a host of Premier League sides set to send scouts to the Championship play-off final this Sunday. Colwill has sparked excitement among Chelsea fans, and his prospective return to the club could come at the perfect time with a host of starting-quality defenders set to make way. But Arsenal may pounce on the transfer uncertainty that comes with their ownership transition, and GOAL claim that they have already enquired about the player. Scouts from Leicester City, Crystal Palace, Brighton and Southampton are also set to descend on Wembley this weekend to witness a budding young defender who could be playing Premier League football one way or another next campaign. JUST IN: Everton 'foolish' if they don't bin Dele Alli before Tottenham bonuses kick in - EXCLUSIVE  Colwill joined Chelsea's academy as an eight-year-old schoolboy, but is yet to make a senior appearance for the club. He was thrust straight into senior action by Huddersfield this season, however, racking up 30 Championship appearances on their run to Sunday's play-off final against Nottingham Forest. The certain departures of Andreas Christensen and Antonio Rudiger could make a return to Chelsea more appealing for Colwill, as vacancies at centre-back need to be filled. But the Blues are linked with moves for Sevilla's Jules Kounde and RB Leipzig's Josko Gvardiol, and their prospective arrivals could limit opportunities for the youngster. The fact that Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel did not hand a single league appearance to any teenager last year could provide 19-year-old Colwill with added food for thought. DON'T MISS...Kalvin Phillips' stance on future may have blocked Man City transferMohamed Salah confirmed Liverpool decision but Sadio Mane gives cryptic answerArsenal dealt setbacks over trio who could be key to transfer plans  At 6ft 2in tall, Colwill is a physical and athletic centre-back who has become a mainstay for the Terriers this campaign, working his way up to England Under-21 level in the process. Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta could be on the hunt for a young defender of his calibre if William Saliba decides against returning to north London after a superb loan spell at Marseille. The Gunners would naturally be keen to welcome Saliba back to the Emirates, but signs from his camp have been less than convincing after a third successive stint away from the club that shelled out £27million to sign him back in 2019. Arsenal's established centre-back duo of Gabriel and Ben White could play a part in Saliba's decision, as well as Colwill's.  With a host of other Premier League sides interested, Colwill could opt for a more realistic shot at first-team football by entertaining interest from sides lower down in the Premier League pecking order. Marc Guehi trod a similar path, going on loan from Chelsea to the Championship before moving to Crystal Palace on a permanent deal, and he is now an England international. Colwill is contracted to Stamford Bridge until 2025 so his services may not come cheap, and Chelsea are under no major pressure to sell. Much about the club's short-term transfer outlook will become clear once new owner Todd Boehly gets to work in the coming days and weeks. 