Sustainable brand Wave recently used Google trends data to find out what Britons are needing to know about looking after houseplants. Along with help from Adam Kirtland, from View From The Potting Bench, the team shared top tips on how to care for houseplants, including aloe vera repotting tips. The expert said: “Houseplants bring so much joy to the home, no matter how small or large your space may be. “Aside from the fact that they’re cool, look good and make your house look amazing, it’s been proven by science that they improve mood, reduce stress levels and as a result, make you happier and healthier.” Houseplants typically need repotting every 12 to 18 months, depending on the plant. Being a succulent, aloe vera can last a lot longer in the same pot compared to others. READ MORE: Gardeners’ World: ‘Biggest mistake’ gardeners make caring for orchids In fact, aloe vera can last in the same pot for up to three years. However, if the roots are growing out of the current pot, it’s time to upgrade. Adam said: “The best tip I can give for aloe vera is to use a terracotta pot. “This allows the soil to dry out more than a ceramic or glass container and gives the aloe the conditions it enjoys most. DON'T MISS:Upcycling hacks to ‘instantly breathe new life’ into your garden [COMMENT]Effective methods to ‘eliminate’ lawn weeds including dandelions [EXPLAINER]‘Effective yet affordable’ ways to clean radiators properly [EXPERT] “They love light, but not direct sunlight, somewhere near a window where they’ll get this without sitting in the baking rays of midday. “You’ll know when an aloe wants to be potted on when it has filled its current home.” To repot, purchase a pot that is slightly bigger than the current one and fill it about a third of the way full. The expert added: “Gently tap out the plant from its pot and place in the new one and fill in around the plant with more potting mix and give it a good water. “It’s a good idea to give it a water in the sink and let the water drain through the drainage hole in the bottom of the pot. “When the water stops running out, you can move it to where you’d like it.” Because aloe vera are succulents, they need watering less than other houseplants. Owners can water when the top few centimetres of compost have dried out, allowing any excess to drain away. Spring is also a great time to start feeding aloe vera, with a houseplant fertiliser. Another plant which is great for beginners like the aloe vera is the snake plant. They need very little watering and will thrive in humid conditions, making them ideal for the bathroom. The houseplant should also be repotted if the top of the roots are swirling or coming out of the bottom of the pot.