Kaye Adams hosted Thursday’s Loose Women with panellists Linda Robson, Nadia Sawalha and Jane Moore. Robson fiercely defended Boris Johnson amid the findings of the Sue Gray report while Sawalha admitted she “felt sick to [her] stomach” over the Prime Minister's actions. However, Loose Women viewers took to Twitter to share their frustration at Robson praising Johnson. Sawalha vented: “If one more politician tells me how to feel and move on…I’m not ready to move one.” Adams remarked: “You’re apoplectic, a large section of the population is apoplectic there’s also a large section of the population that says, ‘Do you know what? I’m fed up I’ve had it we all did a bit I’m not bothered.’ Linda, you are a Boris Johnson fan.” “I am and I live in Islington I’ve seen Boris loads of times he’s always riding around on his bike,” Robson replied. “We used to stop and have a chat and I do believe not all of it was his fault. Read more: Ruth Langsford calls out Phillip over 'Well-dressed mutts' remark “A lot of the time like when it was his birthday I think his wife turned up with a cake, I don’t think he knew that was going to happen. “I just think with what’s going on with the world can’t we just forget about it now? “Beergate, Partygate, Ukraine, we’ve got Texas all those children killed.” Adams interjected: “Well that’s it we’re not at a stalemate, aren’t we? This has been rumbling along there are no real surprises in the Sue Gray report.” Turning to Robson, Adams asked: “What do you like in this man? What do you see that Nadia doesn’t?” “I just think what happened with Covid no one could have ever expected this to happen two years that we’d all be in lockdown, stuck in our houses.” “Some of us were. They weren’t they were having parties,” Sawalha quipped. “No one knew how to react or sometimes we did things we shouldn’t have done because every day the rules would change,” Robson continued. DON'T MISS'Load of s***' Linda Robson addresses Pauline Quirke 'rift' [INSIGHT]Loose Women sparks uproar with 'cruel' nursery rhyme row [VIDEO]Loose Women rip apart Starmer rule break 'Come back and hit you' [INTERVIEW] “I’ve spoken to him and I really like him I think he’s a decent man.” Hitting out at the panellist, @Pollyrock57 tweeted: “@loosewomen I CANNOT sit and listen to Linda defending the PM. He may be NICE but he's a liar and it's been proven time and time again. @janeetaswan added: “Go Nadia ….just went right off Linda talking tripe about what a nice bloke @BorisJohnson #LooseWomen.” “@loosewomen Please please tell Linda to open her eyes. It's all part of the act. They are wanting people to forget & move on !!!” @Pkabdn said. (sic) @MyBRCAJourney quipped: “Can we forget about it Linda?!? Can I forget my grandad DYING FROM COVID in hospital on HIS OWN because we WERE NOT ALLOWED to see him as we adhered to the rules set by the government! YET they PARTIED #LooseWomen I am with @nadiasawalha disgrace !” (sic) However, @josmith1975x wrote: “I am with Linda! Fed up of hearing about it now, time to move on! It was extremely wrong of him especially as someone who should be setting an example. But move on! #LooseWomen.” @loosewomen Totally agree with @LindaRobson58 time to move on and leave Boris alone he's doing a great job,” @lizzie1903 argued. Loose Women airs on ITV on weekdays at 12.30pm