Radio DJ Chris Evans shared his surprise with listeners as three of his colleagues quit Virgin Radio as he addressed the matter during Monday's episode of his breakfast show. The 56-year-old bid farewell to his colleagues Sam Pinkham, Kate Lawler and hinted at the departure of his co-star Dapper Dave. The presenter explained his colleagues will enjoy a "joint leaving do" in a week's time as they mark the end of an era. Sam, who hosts the Early Breakfast Show on Virgin Radio UK, often sits in for Chris during his show absence and had recently taken a sabbatical to pursue other projects. Former Big Brother star and DJ Kate announced in March she had quit her radio show to focus on her mental health and being a mum. Rumours had swirled on social media about Chris' colleague Dapper Dave - whose real name is David Brain - about claims he had quit the show but the show announcer is yet to confirm the news of his departure. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty's heartbreak as BBC's Deborah James 'time has come' The veteran broadcaster bid a fond farewell to all three of his colleagues during his show. Chris began: "A week on Thursday, we're not going to have one leaving do here, not two, but now three. "Because 'Dapper Dave' is leaving. The Mighty [Kate] Lawler has left. And Sam Pinkham hadn't left - he did leave temporarily - but has now left, well, sort of, permanently. Maybe not entirely permanently." He shared: "Anyway, they're all going to have a joint leaving do next Thursday."  "Now, I don't know if you're aware of this but there are companies who do this at Christmas for small companies," the presenter continued. "My mate Morgs and his mate Marcus and their boss Howard, they have a smaller company but they wanted a big Christmas do." Chris went on: "I think it was Legoland but they used to do this big Christmas and you could buy 12 tickets for your lot so you could be a part of a bigger party. "I think that's what the Mighty Lawler, Super Sam and Dapper Dave are doing next Thursday. Maybe that's why Dave is leaving." Express.co.uk has contacted Virgin Radio UK representatives for comment. DON'T MISS... Gemma Atkinson forced to postpone wedding to Strictly's Gorka Marquez[LATEST]Prince William 'went deep' probing Mel B about relationship, star says[ROYALS]Bill Turnbull reacts to Deborah James' fight amid his cancer battle[ADMISSION] Chris went on to explain why he believed radio presenter Sam has decided to quit his breakfast show. "Sam loves a side hustle doesn't he?" the Virgin DJ chuckled. He went on: "The reason Sam is not coming back after three months is because he took a sabbatical to make this TV show for Channel 5 - a property show. "They commissioned 40 programmes and they made the first few. The rough cut was shown to the boss of Channel 5, Ben Frow, and he loved it. He immediately commissioned the 40. "Sam has now said, 'this is what I do now.' Everybody's cool with it and we're all really pleased for him." Dapper Dave is a comedian, actor, writer and presenter who works as a producer of the breakfast show on Virgin Radio alongside presenter Chris. Meanwhile, Kate shared a candid message on Instagram at the time of her departure as she said goodbye to Virgin Radio. She said: "I’ve loved working here over the past six years and I’m so grateful they wanted to make returning to work for me as easy as possible and allowed me to work flexibly, three days a week. "I really tried to make it work while juggling lots of other projects and being a mother, however right now, it’s no longer possible to continue the way I have been."