The cost of living has skyrocketed with inflation at a 30-year high of 7 percent, due to the impact of both the pandemic and the war in Ukraine. On top of that came the energy price cap that rose by 54 percent on April 1, leaving customers having to deal with massive increases in their energy bills. Last week, Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng announced the launch of an Ofgem investigation into claims firms are ripping off customers through direct debits. Ofgem chief executive Jonathan Brearley, confirmed firms are seeing exercising “bad practices”, in order to ease cashflow problems, as they pass on the rising energy costs to consumers. Express.co.uk spoke with a data specialist with expertise in the energy industry, about the energy bills hike and the impact on direct debit payments. Anita Dougall explained the energy industry is currently suffering from a “lack of data maturity”, which is a stumbling block for transparent and fair charges. According to the expert, this leaves energy firms without sufficient visibility over their customer's information as they set direct debits. When asked why consumers are being exposed to unreasonably inflated direct debits, Ms Dougall said: “There are many factors at play, but lack of visibility is a big one which is often down to a lack of data maturity in the energy sector." READ MORE: Warning as suppliers ‘invent electricity meter readings’ and surge direct debits She added: “Many suppliers set Direct Debits based on decisions made about groups of people and averages, rather than on the individual customer and their actual consumption, which is a recipe for inaccuracy”. The expert, who is the CEO and co-founder of data company Sagacity, explained that “without a joined-up view of customer data, suppliers can’t personalise direct debits”. And she added: “This means most customers are either over or under paying.” Elaborating on the situation which leaves many vulnerable customers unable to pay their bills, she spoke of “data silos”. DON'T MISS: Families fear for future as the cost of living crisis bitesTory MP sparks fury as he admits cost of living not affecting him Susanna Reid tears into Gove over rising energy bills She said: “Many energy suppliers are hampered by data silos, with crucial information locked away in legacy systems.” Ms Dougall stressed the importance of customers insisting on providing their suppliers with as much data as possible, particularly with the use of smart meters, in hopes of avoiding a “bill shock”. She added: “Having a smart meter can help customers to avoid bill shock, as they have ongoing visibility of their usage. “When suppliers don’t have a recent meter reading, they will make decisions based on estimates, which are often higher than actual usage – especially if you have been making an effort to reduce your energy consumption. “This may lead to people receiving bigger bills than they were expecting. “By giving your supplier as much data on your usage as possible, you make it much more realistic for them to give you accurate bills, keeping direct debits realistic as we face up to the next energy price cap rise that is looming on the horizon.”