Carlos Sainz has been fined £21,000 (€25,000) by the stewards for allegedly Lance Stroll in the third practice session. The Ferrari star and a team representative was asked to visit the stewards at 1.30pm BST (2.30pm local time). The stewards ruled Sainz was given incorrect information from his team and could have faced tougher penalties if a simialr incident happened during qualifying. The report said: "Approaching Turns 17 and 18 the driver of Car 55 was given a series of grossly incorrect messages, by radio, about the gaps to the cars behind. "It is unclear to the Stewards why such misleading information was given to the driver, who was under the impression that there was no car immediately behind him. Due to the poor rear visibility at that part of the circuit, the driver was relying entirely on the team’s messages. "Notwithstanding the above, it was noted that the driver of Car 55 almost came to a stop on the circuit. This is unacceptable and hence the penalty of a Reprimand is imposed. We note that similar behaviour by any driver during Qualification may involve much more severe penalties." The Spaniard was not the only driver caught out in this afternoon’s session. Red Bull are also facing the wrath of the stewards after Sergio Perez was also called to defend his actions. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton throws weight behind Leclerc to beat Verstappen The Mexican has been caught blocking Mercedes’ George Russell at the same corner later on in the session. The FIA’s report said their incident took place less than ten minutes before the chequered flag. It said: “Alleged breach of Article 37.5 of the FIA Formula One Sporting Regulations by Car 11 unnecessarily impeding Car 63 in Turn 18 at 13:51.” Alfa Romeo's Guanyu Zhou has also been summoned after the stewards found him to impede Max Verstappen at turn 14. DON'T MISSMartin Brundle picks 'team to beat' out of Red Bull, Ferrari, Mercedes [COMMENT]Leclerc weighs in on Red Bull prioritising Verstappen over Perez [INSIGHT]Max Verstappen takes anger out on the team as he feels 'pressure' [ANALYSIS] With Monaco’s tight circuit just over two miles in length, finding room to complete a fast lap is often one of the most tricky parts of the weekend. Yesterday, Sainz predicted the circuit will be tight in qualifying and warned it was all about the 'small details' on Saturday. He said: "An encouraging day after completing our programme and performing well on track. Monaco is always a demanding track, but also a very exciting and fun circuit to push the car. Qualifying will be tight tomorrow by the looks of today, but so far we’re happy with the job we’ve done and the way we’ve been improving every time we went out on track. Now it's all about the small details and finding the perfect balance for qualifying tomorrow." No driver has won from below third on the grid in the last 25 years meaning track position is vital ahead of qualifying. Perez set the pace in FP3, going fastest in the final practice session ahead of Charles Leclerc. Sainz has been unable to match the pace of his team-mate so far and was around three-tenths down ahead of qualifying. Championship leader Verstappen is also struggling with his Red Bull four-tenths slower than his team-mate. 