Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has insisted that he understands Mohamed Salah's desire to seek revenge on Real Madrid when the two clubs do battle in another Champions League final in Paris later this month. The Reds were beaten at the last hurdle by their Spanish counterparts back in 2018 and will be desperate to avoid a similar outcome when they go in search of a seventh European triumph at the next available opportunity. Salah was forced off during the early stages of the 2018 final after tangling with Sergio Ramos and recently declared that it would be 'revenge time' when hostilities are renewed at the Stade de France in a few weeks. Klopp has since echoed Salah's position on the matter by revealing that he is also determined to beat Real Madrid at the second time of asking in order to heal the pain of their previous defeat."When we lost that final [in 2018] my favourite solution would have been to play the final again against Real Madrid the next year," the Liverpool boss told reporters at Friday's press conference."Instead we ended up playing against Spurs, but in Madrid. Madrid seems to be our destiny! We were not happy that night, that’s clear, but it’s a while ago and I’m happy to go there this time and give it a try. JUST IN: Pep Guardiola has blanked Man City stars after Real Madrid meltdown "But until then, a lot of games to play. It was strange and unlucky for City [to lose the tie so late], but what Madrid did is outstanding."They got through against PSG, Chelsea and City. If you knock out these guys you deserve to be in the final, what Carlo [Ancelotti] did there is absolutely incredible."Liverpool have already won the Carabao Cup this season and can still clinch an unprecedented quadruple if they manage to add the Champions League, FA Cup and Premier League titles to their trophy cabinet over the coming weeks. They will undoubtedly face a stern test against Real Madrid, though, who will be equally desperate to seal European glory once again by repeating their final-winning antics in France at the end of this month. The La Liga heavyweights won their latest Spanish title after thrashing Espanyol last weekend and will be carrying no shortage of positive momentum into this year's Champions League final after a largely successful campaign to date. Ancelotti has already underlined his excitement about facing Liverpool on the biggest stage of them all by admitting that his Everton ties will be firmly in the back of his mind against their Merseyside rivals."I am very happy to play in another final, against a great team like Liverpool," Ancelotti recently told reporters. "I faced Liverpool in the 1984 final as a player, then in 2005 and 2007 [as manager]."Now it will be against Liverpool one more time. I lived in Liverpool for two years and it’s like a derby for me, because I am still an Evertonian." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here