Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has claimed he won’t be copying Jack Grealish’s celebrations if his side defeat Real Madrid and lift the Champions League. The Reds’ clash with the Spanish giants was delayed by over 30 minutes, with fans having trouble getting into the Stade de France to watch the game. The German manager has said that even if his side does win a second Champions League trophy with him at the helm, and a third cup win of the season, he won’t be partying like Manchester City winger Grealish. The £100million man has been warned that his celebrations and trip to Ibiza could cost him an England spot, something Klopp can’t see himself copying. He told BBC Radio 5 Live Sport: "I really like this, you win and it’s an absolute high. "It doesn’t stay for long, it still feels good, but it’s not like I have this feeling then the whole week. I’m obviously different then to Jack Grealish for example. I just saw a few pictures of Jack. Celebrate it, it’s fine, you’re young. It’s all good, we are all different in these moments." Grealish was the star of the show during his team’s Premier League title celebrations and continued in Ibiza as he posed on Instagram with Wayne Lineker. Grealish was also given advice by Roy Keane on the Etihad Stadium pitch after they defeated Aston Villa 3-2 to lift the title. The former Manchester United icon told Grealish to stay off the spirits and to stick to beer. Grealish replied: “Not for the next three nights, no chance, maybe four.” During his side’s celebrations, Grealish offered to buy every fan a Jagerbomb and joked at team-mate Bernardo Silva. Grealish said: ”I said earlier on the coach, it's been brilliant to win my first title. I want to thank everyone, but the main person I want to thank is Bernardo Silva for coming off in the 70th minute because he was miles off it yesterday.” Not only was Silva targeted by Grealish’s jokes, he also took a jibe at his England colleague Kyle Walker. Riyad Mahrez asked Walker if anyone had ever beaten him one-on-one, to which Grealish replied: “Me when I was at Aston Villa, that’s why Pep Guardiola signed me!” Ahead of the Champions League final, kick-off was delayed by 36 minutes as police have used tear gas on fans outside the stadium as they look to get the situation under control. BBC journalist Nick Parrott revealed he was one of the people pepper-sprayed outside. He said: "I have just been pepper-sprayed for the first time in my life. I have been to the Champions League final before and I have never been pepper-sprayed before.”