Fiat has announced it is bringing an end to more than 100 years of history of using fossil fuels to power its cars by going electric-only from July this year. Although it will still fit petrol engines to some of its models, the entire range will have some kind of electric power, either as a hybrid or fully battery-run. The 500 city car and the Panda supermini will lose their 1.2-litre petrol options in favour of a new naturally aspirated 1.0-litre three-cylinder engine paired with a 12-volt belt-integrated starter generator and an 11Ah battery. The 500X and Tipo models have adopted a 1.5-litre four-cylinder petrol engine with 48-volt mild hybrid assistance. The brand also has a fully-electric offering in the form of the 500 electric, reported Auto Express. In line with the UK Government’s ban on new petrol and diesel cars in 2030, Fiat said it will be fully electric by the end of the decade. READ MORE: Drivers could be fined thousands for letting an ambulance go past Fiat CEO Oliver Francois said: “Between 2025 and 2030, our product line-up will gradually become electric-only. “This will be a radical change for Fiat. “It is our duty to bring to market electric cars that cost no more than those with an internal combustion engine, as soon as we can, in line with the falling costs of batteries. “We are exploring the territory of sustainable mobility for all: this is our greatest project.” DON'T MISSDriver fined by parking company after being sold non-existing space [SHOCKING]Drivers warned as councils get new powers to fine for traffic offences [WARNING]Drivers warned of large fines for low fuel error - 'No excuse' [RISK OF FINES] Last year, Fiat’s line-up was 60 per cent electrified, and there was at least one low-emission version of each of its models. In 2021, although electric vehicles still represented a relatively small market share, UK sales were up 88 percent, while hybrid models increased 43 per cent. Fiat has already switched its popular 500 city car to offer an electric powertrain, and the firm said it was the second-best-selling electric car in Europe last year, behind only Tesla. Greg Taylor, Fiat and Abarth UK managing director, said: “This step in Fiat’s history marks a pivotal point in our commitment to providing affordable and sustainable mobility solutions for all of our customers. “The move lends itself to our vehicles which are suited to urban areas, spearheaded by the popularity of the new 500.” The brand launched its electrification strategy with the launch of the Fiat 500 hybrid and the Fiat Panda hybrid in 2020. Those two models will lose the option of a 1.2-litre petrol engine. Instead, they will be offered with a 1.0-litre hybrid unit, consisting of a naturally aspirated three-cylinder engine mated to a 12V belt-integrated starter-generator and an 11Ah battery, said Auto Car. Fiat announced that the larger 500X compact crossover and Tipo hatchback and estate models would receive hybrid powertrains back in February. They are driven by a 1.5-litre four-cylinder petrol engine mated to a 20bhp electric motor for a combined total of 128bhp and 177lb ft of torque. The engine is also the first available for a Fiat model that can completely disconnect. Fiat claims it “can remain idle for up to 47 percent of the time”. In addition, CO2 emissions are 11 percent lower.