TalkTV's James Max opened up the floor on his new show to allow viewers to chime in with their thoughts on the current hike in the cost of living and if they had any hacks to keep costs down. While talking to energy bill saving guest Margaret from The Wirral, he was taken back by her method of "disconnecting the central heating" and only heating one room at a time to keep costs at a minimum.  The rise in the current cost of living has been a talking point for some time, but energy conscious Margaret had a tip she wanted to share with the naysayers who choose between heat or eat. James asked: "What would you suggest? What do they need to do?" She replied: "Well, I will tell you a couple of things I have done. "I have had my central heating disconnected," she suggested over the phone. Read More: The Bay's Daniel Ryan's tribute to co-star ahead of new season 'Can survive cast change'  James appeared shocked to hear she "disconnected" her central heating. She continued with her tips and added: "Yeah. Central heating is the most stupid and ridiculous way of heating a house. "It wastes an enormous amount of energy. You switch your heating on, and it takes ages before you feel any heat, and all that time, power is being used." The talk show host jested that "you might as well live in a cave" if you have no central heating and probed: "What would you do instead?" Quick to combat his statement, she revealed that she uses a "very effective convector heater," which allows her to just "heat the room" she is using at that time. She also shared her tips on lighting, which she urged viewers to take onboard. "I only heat and light the room that I am in. I don't heat the rest of the house - why should I?" she commented. Margaret went on to state that "heat rises" so she rarely has to heat upstairs. DON’T MISS…Outlander theory: Jamie Fraser's ghost explained in subtle fortune teller clue[LATEST]Lily James puts on jaw-dropping display as she flaunts figure in see-through Met Gala gown [LATEST]'It was a big risk' Steph McGovern insists she doesn't care about viewing figures [LATEST] The saver also keeps other convector heaters dotted around the house so she can heat different rooms if need be. Caller Margaret went on to add: "This business of everybody thinking they have got to have central heating is ridiculous." When James asked, "What happens to the bills?" Margaret, now on a roll, had plenty more tips that people could adopt. She described: "People won't like this, but I manage happily with ordinary Freeview television.  "I don't have Sky or any of these other things - they are expensive! "You save an enormous amount of money if you cut out the things you don't need." Apparently, she needed a new pair of diamond earrings, and she divulged that she spent the money she saved on a brand new pair. Although he appeared to not be fully convinced, he ended: "I am sure we will speak again." 