Manchester United want to make a couple of ‘big’ signings in this summer’s transfer window, it has been claimed. Erik ten Hag will take charge of the team next season. And the Red Devils are eager to get their recruitment right as they target a first Premier League title since 2013. Manchester United unveiled Ten Hag on Monday, less than 24 hours after a terrible defeat to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park. The Dutchman has been chosen as the club’s permanent replacement for Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, ahead of the likes of Mauricio Pochettino, Julen Lopetegui and Luis Enrique. And Mark Ogden, speaking on The United Stand, has claimed the club are looking to make a couple of ‘big’ signings this summer. United are being linked with a variety of players as the transfer window creeps closer - something that’s inevitable given their current predicament. But two names would certainly excite the fanbase if they do end up touching down. United are primed to lose Nemanja Matic and Paul Pogba on free transfers, with the duo wanted by Roma and Juventus respectively. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings And United have strong interest in Frenkie de Jong, who could arrive as a potential replacement. Barcelona are adamant the 25-year-old is part of Xavi’s plans, even if he’s often struggled for consistency under Ernesto Valverde, Quique Setien, Ronald Koeman and Xavi himself during his time at the club. However, their financial situation means they could be taken to the negotiating table. Barcelona are looking to balance their books as they plan for a brighter future, having missed out on silverware this term. And that could work in United’s favour, with Ten Hag previously managing De Jong at Ajax. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Up top, the Red Devils know they need a new forward. Edinson Cavani is primed to leave, with the Uruguay international swearing at a fan after the Palace defeat. Anthony Martial, too, has been deemed surplus to requirements after an alarming dip in form over the past 18 months. And Darwin Nunez, of Benfica, has been mentioned as being one of the players under consideration to replace the pair. The youngster sparkled in the Primeira Liga last term, scoring 26 goals as they finished third in the table behind Sporting Lisbon and Porto. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Nunez would be a major coup given he’s only 22 and has the potential to get even better. And a third player to keep an eye on is RB Leipzig’s Christopher Nkunku. The former PSG star was in outstanding form at the Red Bull Arena, notching 20 goals and registering 13 assists. And he’s been recommended to United by Ralf Rangnick, who is now poised to move upstairs as a consultant. Who United end up making their ‘big’ signings remains to be seen. But Ten Hag, speaking at his unveiling earlier this week, has insisted there’s plenty of potential in the current squad at Old Trafford. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “It’s first: accept the current situation but also know one year ago, this club, this team was second in the Premier League,” he said when asked about the future. “There’s potential and now it’s up to us to get that out. “It’s a process, it will take time but I’m convinced we will come to that point where we get success. We have to work hard and it has to be based on the right philosophy and strategy.” He then added: “First, we have a break. “We will start pre-season on 27 June and I will get a few of the squad, [a few] of the individual players. “In certain positions we want to renew the squad, but as I said, one year ago, this squad was second in the league, so there is potential and I’m really looking forward to co-operating with the squad.”