On February 24, when Vladimir Putin announced the start of the "special military operation" in Ukraine, Russian troops prepared to quickly storm Kyiv. However, satellite images and reports since showed Russian troops had retreated away from Ukraine’s capital. At the start of the "special military invasion" on February 24, a 40-mile column of Russian armoured vehicles had been bearing down on Kyiv. The column reportedly stalled for days and then dispersed as it came under insurgent-style attacks. Ukrainian defenders said remote-controlled mines were used to target a number of vehicles. However, at the same time small groups of fighters, some using quad bikes, night vision goggles, drones and sniper rifles, would venture up to Russian positions, strike them and then speed away, according to a commander with knowledge of the missions. Lieutenant Colonel Yaroslav Honchar, co-founder of Aerorozvidka, a civilian, non-governmental organisation (NGO), told Sky News: "You should not imagine we are like guys from the movie Mad Max but yes we used quad bikes… because they are very mobile. "You can move close to some positions and quickly go back." He also shared drones fitted with cameras and armed with explosives have been an important weapon to counter Russia's superior firepower. Vadym, who asked just to give his first name, is part of the reconnaissance unit and developed a drone model, with eight helicopter-style blades, used by Ukrainian troops. READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Putin terror as Kremlin launches nuclear-capable weapons Speaking to the broadcast, Vadym said the aircraft played an important role in winning the Battle for Kyiv. He said: "The drones can identify the location of the enemy armoured vehicles. "This is very important information because they can then quickly react to this.” DON'T MISS Brexit LIVE: Sunak to pull rug from under Truss in last-ditch bid Rishi Sunak 'looking at options' to fix sky-high bills crisis Queen sends 'Fantastic Five' on UK tour to celebrate Platinum Jubilee The quad bike and drone reports emerged as Putin made a speech at Russia’s Victory Day parade in Moscow. He said Russia's intervention in Ukraine had been necessary because the West was "preparing for the invasion of our land, including Crimea". He said: "NATO is actively pursuing our territory. That is absolutely unacceptable to us. “We are talking about neo-Nazis in Ukraine that the US and its partners are working with. "Ukraine is receiving the most modern weaponry from NATO. The decision for this special military operation was forced and was the only correct decision." It comes as at least 60 people were feared dead under rubble after a Russian bomb hit a school in eastern Ukraine. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said: “As a result of a Russian strike on Bilohorivka in the Luhanskregion, about 60 people were killed, civilians, who simply hid at the school, sheltering from shelling." Foreign Secretary Liz Truss responded to the attack saying she was "horrified" by the incident which resulted "in the deaths of innocent people sheltering from Russian bombardment". She said: "Deliberate targeting of civilians and civilian infrastructure amounts to war crimes. “We will ensure Putin's regime is held accountable.”