Scotland's First Minister is jetting to the US next week to take part in engagements related to the climate crisis, energy, and the war in Ukraine, an announcement revealed. It comes as the SNP-Green administration launched its Global Affairs Framework, published on Monday. The framework sets out the basis on which the Scottish Government “will prioritise its international activity”, a statement said. But criticism over the document came from the Scottish Conservative Party, as its content promotes a preference for Scottish independence. Among others, a note in the framework states *the** “Scottish Government’s prospectus for enhanced international relations as an independent state will be published in the run-up to the independence referendum.” Donald Cameron, Scottish Conservative Shadow Cabinet Secretary for the Constitution, External Affairs, and Culture blasted the First Minister in a statement over the trip to the US. Mr Cameron claimed the First Minister is abandoning local issues to promote Scotland’s international affairs. He also mocked Ms Sturgeon for “promoting independence abroad at the taxpayer’s expense”.  Mr Cameron said: “Just a few days after the local elections and Nicola Sturgeon has already abandoned local issues to jet off on an ‘indy tour’ to the United States. “The vast majority of Scots don’t want a referendum on Nicola Sturgeon’s timeline, yet instead of focusing on the issues Scots really care about the First Minister would rather promote independence abroad at the taxpayer’s expense.” He added: “The Scottish public will be outraged to see the First Minister taking her eye off the ball so soon after local elections – not to mention furious at this waste of taxpayer money in the middle of a cost-of-living crisis. “Nicola Sturgeon should be focusing on tackling her government’s woeful record here at home, instead of taking the SNP’s obsession with independence on tour.” READ MORE: SNP 'cranking up' plans for a second independence referendumFurious Sturgeon rages at 'massive' Tory plot as she BACKS StarmerScots turn against Sturgeon's 2023 IndyRef plan, according to poll During the trip, Ms Sturgeon is expected to deliver a keynote speech at the Brookings Institution in Washington DC. According to a related announcement, she will meet with key congressional groups and “discuss ways to create a greener, fairer and more equitable economy with executives of companies operating across the Atlantic.” In a statement announcing her upcoming trip to the US, Scotland’s First Minister said: “The Covid-19 pandemic and the climate and biodiversity emergencies prove in the starkest possible way that we live in an interconnected world and it is more important than ever that Scotland plays its part. “The crisis in Ukraine underlines how interconnected these challenges are, and all countries have a role to play in meeting them. DON'T MISS: Nicola Sturgeon's civil servants spent 4,000 hours on indyref2 planNicola Sturgeon shamed for failing to condemn Scotland IRA bomb threatSturgeon caught in row after MSP claims clinics 'pushing abortion' “We are determined that Scotland continues to be a good global citizen, making a constructive contribution to addressing global challenges such as climate change. “Our international activity creates opportunities at home, broadens our horizons, attracts high-quality investment and ultimately benefits our people - no more evident than in Scotland’s longstanding relationship and strong trade ties with the USA, which this visit will build upon further. “By being open and connected and making a positive contribution internationally, we give ourselves the greatest possible chance of building a successful country. “In this way we can make a contribution to the world that is welcomed, valued and helps us all.”