The doctor suggested "supporting our five health defence systems with the foods we eat each day", starting with breakfast. "Here's an example from my breakfast this morning to show how easy it can be," he said. Doctor Li's breakfast today: "Green tea activates all five health defence systems in the body and contains beneficial bioactive compounds," Doctor Li pointed out. As for sourdough bread, which is made from Lactobacillus reuteri, it "promotes healthy gut bacteria that helps activate our immune system and speed healing". Doctor Li stated: "It's my mission to teach as many people as possible how they can use food to fuel their health and heal from the inside out." Doctor Li gave an example: "One kiwi per day has been shown to reduce damage to DNA by about six percent." Green tea Researchers investigated the association between tea consumption and dementia risk. READ MORE: High blood pressure symptoms: 2 head sensations that can be warning signs of hypertension Analysing data from 377,592 UK Biobank participants during a nine-year follow-up period, the scientists came to these conclusions. Firstly, tea drinkers were 16 percent less likely to develop dementia compared to non-drinkers. Secondly, "moderate consumption" – that being between one to six cups per day – "exerted significant protective effects", with three cups daily having the "strongest protective effect". And thirdly, subgroup analysis showed that middle-aged participants or males benefited more from tea consumption. The authors concluded: "Moderate consumption of tea was significantly associated with a reduced risk of dementia." Thus the research suggests that tea consumption could be a modifiable lifestyle factor that may impact dementia risk. Modifiable risk factors The NHS stated: "There's good evidence that a healthy lifestyle can help reduce your risk of developing dementia when you're older." In addition to eating a healthy, balanced diet, you also need to reduce your consumption of risky foods. These include foods that are high in saturated fat, salt and sugar, and low in fibre. An unhealthy diet puts you at risk of obesity, high blood pressure, high cholesterol, and diabetes. All of these conditions contribute towards a higher risk of dementia. In order to mitigate your risk of dementia, you also need to exercise regularly to maintain a healthy weight. People are also advised to not exceed more than 14 units of alcohol weekly and to be a non-smoker. By adhering to all of these healthier lifestyle choices, you are able to keep your blood pressure at a healthy level. A healthy blood pressure reading means your blood vessels are less likely to become damaged and blood circulation can continue at optimal levels. Good circulation ensures that the brain can be supplied with oxygen and nutrients.