F1 legend Michael Schumacher would have thrived in this new era of F1, according to his former boss at Ferrari. Schumacher, 53, won seven world titles in his storybook career, five of which came consecutively during a spell of total dominance with the Italian giants between 2000 and 2004. He'd previously won two championships with Bennetton in 1994 and 1995. In that era however, things were undeniably different. For all his brilliance, the German driver also benefited from team orders being permitted, most noticeably in Austria in 2002 when teammate and race leader Rubens Barrichello was instructed to move over and allow Schumacher to win. The current campaign has signified revolutionary changes too, designed to make racing more competitive. Lewis Hamilton, who shares the record mark of seven titles with Schumacher, has been one of those to struggle to adapt, having amassed just 36 points in five races and shockingly exited in Q1 in Saudi Arabia. Following the race in Imola, team boss Toto Wolff apologised to him for having an "undriveable car," and Hamilton and co are currently embroiled in regular meetings to address their issues. And according to Ross Brawn, that's a notion Schumacher would have relished. JUST IN: Red Bull promise Max Verstappen 'developments' in message to Ferrari and Charles Leclerc F1 managing director Brawn, team principal at Ferrari throughout Schumacher's golden run, told Sport Bild: “That would have been right up his alley,” when asked about the current need for drivers to be involved in analysis. “He used to be the last person to leave the paddock on Saturday night before the race. He sat with me and the engineers for hours on dates and numbers. He would be fascinated to analyse all this with the engineers." DON'T MISS:F1’s new 2022 aero rules package improves overtaking 'a lot' claims Nico HulkenbergFerrari fire Spanish GP warning to Max Verstappen with 'important' upgrade on the wayCarlos Sainz sends Spanish Grand Prix threat to Max Verstappen and Charles Leclerc  And Brawn, 67, thinks the icon's great attention to detail would be a huge advantage to him were he driving in 2022: “He would be great in this new era," he added. "Michael would love the new Formula 1!” Schumacher has not been seen publicly since suffering a harrowing skiing accident in 2013, which left him with severe brain injuries. Last year a documentary was released, focused on how his family were dealing with his ongoing recovery.