Prince Harry, Duke of Sussex, sported the attire in a video to promote his new travel campaign. The development will see his eco-travel non-profit organisation, Travalyst, work with six top travel brands, such as Google and Skyscanner, to collect and display flight emissions data.    According to the Urban Dictionary, a girl dad is a “father who wants his daughter(s) to have the same rights, opportunities, and privileges as any boy”. In other words: “A Girl Dad empowers his daughter to carry on his legacy.” Harry of course has one daughter with his wife Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, called Lilibet Mountbatten-Windsor. READ MORE: Lady Louise’s ‘shared passion with Queen to be honoured    Lilibet was born on June 4 last year and is yet to have met her Great Grandmother, Queen Elizabeth II, in person. During the promo video Harry can be seen wearing a grey t-shirt with the phrase girl dad embroidered onto it. The clip, which is almost five minutes long, sees the Duke jogging through the woods.  The video also features Kiwi actors Rhys Darby, Dave Fane and Rena Owen and promotes the Duke’s new initiative for Travalyst where holidaymakers, rather than holidays, are rated on their level of sustainability.    One "rating agent" manages to stop him after screaming his name and various monickers multiple times - including "H", the nickname his wife Meghan Markle revealed to use for the royal in an interview with Tom Bradby in October 2019. Eventually, the Duke turns around where he’s revealed to be wearing the shirt, in what appears to be a sweet tribute to his daughter. The trip rater tells him he is scoring him as a visitor to New Zealand from when he visited in 2018 alongside wife, giving him a rating of three out of five. He then explains his decision by saying he dropped a lolly wrapper while there but only used one towel and bought local honey. DON'T MISS: Sophie and Edward heaped with praise during tour of Channel Islands [INSIGHT] Prince William’s baby Earthshot Prize wins BAFTA [NEWS]UK nuclear warning: Britain 'can't intercept' Russian nuclear missiles [EXPLAINER]   Harry is also praised for not leaving the tap running while brushing his teeth. The Duke says: “I never do.. Hang on a second. How do you know that?… That’s really weird.” Harry insists the wrapper is not his, with comedian Darby saying: “It might have been a confusing time, it was windy.” Harry responds: “I don’t think it was confusing. It was an incredible time. We had an amazing time in New Zealand. It’s beautiful.”    Meanwhile, Fane, who plays another rating agent, arrives claiming he is meant to be assessing the Duke, saying: “I’m supposed to be rating Harry. You’ve got Harry Styley and I’ve got the stylish Harry.” The Duke then reads out several key phrases in Te Reo Maori as he chats with Star Wars actress Owen, who pulls up in a van to check on the disorganised agents during the skit which was filmed in California. Before jogging off into the distance Harry says the ambush has got him thinking. Harry has said his new campaign is inspired by the Māori values of kaitiakitanga (guardianship and protection) and manaakitanga (to extend love and compassion). Both of these are concepts the 37-year-old has learned about during his trips to New Zealand over the years.   