Frankie Bridge, 33, came third in the latest instalment of I'm A Celebrity...Get Me Out Of Here! last year, which saw Emmerdale star Danny Miller finish in the top spot. Now, some months after the adventurous experience, the Loose Women star has looked back on her time on the show. She recounted the hardest part about taking part in the series, admitting that she did not expect it to bother her. Revisiting the challenges of being in the camp, Frankie said: “Apart from being away from family. “The cold was really hard. I didn’t realise just how cold it would be 24/7, and not knowing the time.” The TV star added: “Something that I didn’t think would bother me.” However, Frankie refused to rule out returning to camp to compete in the All Stars version of the hit ITV show. She exclusively told Express.co.uk: “Oh lord I don’t know! “While I was in there I said never again. But never say never!” During last year’s edition, Frankie left viewers worried after she took part in a revolting drinking trial, which some fans branded as "torture”. Frankie and Naughty Boy were tasked with the music-themed drinking trial, ‘Scary-oke’ during one episode of the programme. But some viewers took to Twitter to reveal their horror as the pair were told that one would need to sing before the other had to down their disgusting blended drink. As they sang, they had various objects thrown at them while being covered in all sorts of gunge. Twitter user Lauren said: "This #ImACeleb trial is torture! Frankie is freezing, bless her! Hope she gets a warm shower!" DON'T MISS:Julia Fox stuns as she showcases abs in ultra low-rise trousers [PICTURES]Lorraine Kelly pays tribute to Deborah James after final post [TRIBUTE]BBC's Deborah James bids farewell as she moves to hospice at home care [LATEST] Chally75 tweeted: "This is torture for them, Frankie looks bl****y freezing." Eric Cat wrote: "People complaining about Frankie's singing but she was literally freezing and had c*** dumped all over her." Mawgan fumed: "Seeing @FrankieBridge shivering and crying is seriously breaking my heart! Protect that gal! Team Frankie all the way! Come on girl you got this! #ImACeleb." Grianne Doherty penned: "If @FrankieBridge reached her limit during this trial and genuinely feels that bad about not winning 11/11 stars maybe she might actually understand where @NaughtyBoyMusic was coming from wanting to leave after he failed that the first time." During the task, Frankie managed to drink a pint of blended goat brain and deer testicles. Frankie featured in a highly emotional moment as she found herself unable to contain her emotions after receiving a letter from her husband Wayne Bridge, 41, and two sons - Parker and Carter. In a video shared to Frankie’s Instagram profile, Wayne revealed that their son Carter was upset because he thought his mum would not receive the letter. Sharing a video of Carter watching the programme, Wayne wrote: “Carter was upset this morning as he thought mummy wouldn’t get his letter.”