A Metropolitan Police policy on strip searches concerning transgender people says that if a biological male suspect, who has undergone no sexchange surgery, says they identify as female, the detainee could request a female officer carry out the search and the force may have to oblige. It follows the publication last month of National Police Chief's Council guidelines that allow biological male officers who identify as female to strip search women suspects. Officers could be left making awkward decisions on who should search a prisoner, and be open to legal challenges due to the guidance. The controversial policy has also sparked fury from campaigners who claim it opens the door for drunk males under arrest to demand a strip search from a female officer by claiming to identify as a woman. Ex-police officer Harry Miller, of free speech group Fair Cop, said: "Under this ridiculous policy I could be dressed in a suit with a full beard, and if I say I identify as a woman I would have to be searched by a female officer. "I was contacted by an officer from the Met Police who was so concerned he said that on a Saturday night a big 6ft fella stinking of booze could try it on by saying he identifies as a woman and they would have to send the nearest female officer to search him. No female officer should be forced to search anyone other than a biological female. "Likewise, a female prisoner might have to face being searched by a biological male officer who happens to identify as female. "They are endorsing sexual assault. Fair Cop will support any prisoner who is searched in that manner and take the police force to court."  Kate Harris, from the LGB Alliance, which campaigns for lesbians, gay men and bisexuals, said the Met had vowed two years ago not to implement such policies. She said: "LGB Alliance has written to the Met and offered to help them rewrite this appalling document. They are pursuing a highly controversial agenda designed to blur boundaries and remove important safeguards. "It is profoundly political - articulating the views of those who are sometimes described as gender ideology activists. It makes outlandish claims about 'gender' substantiated neither in law nor in science. "This is part of the continuing campaign waged by gender activists to replace all references to biological sex in law with 'gender' or 'gender identity'." The Metropolitan Police did not respond to a request for comment. 