Royal author Robert Jobson made the comments as he discussed the Duke of Cambridge's legacy. Mr Jobson, who has written a new book, William At 40, said the Duke will make a mark with his environmental work. The royal author told OK! magazine: “Ultimately, you’re looking at a prince who’s dedicated to public service and is a good family man. “He follows the principles of being honest, genuine and thoughtful - and that’s exactly what he is. “In his heart - apart from being kind and having a loving family - his legacy will be making a real impact in finding solutions to save our planet. “This is a man who’s flown around in helicopters and served time in the military. "He understands that we don’t have much time. He wants us all to set our goals high and do something really, really positive. “It’ll be a tough time, there’s no doubt about it, but he’s kept on the crest of the wave. "The eyes of the world will be upon him and Catherine as the real stars of the monarchy going forward.” READ MORE: Meghan political hopes dashed as Duchess is 'too thin skinned' William launched his ambitious Earthshot Prize in 2020 to find innovative solutions to save the planet. The Duke is second in line to the throne behind his father Prince Charles. But William faces his future royal role without his brother Prince Harry at his side. The Duke of Sussex now lives in California with Meghan Markle after quitting royal duties two years ago. DON'T MISSMeghan Markle slammed as 'worst of Woke-flix' [INSIGHT]Kate and Prince William to grab spotlight from Charles when King [ANALYSIS]Sussexes 'might be pushed' into more bombshell talks after Netflix axe [VIDEO] Speculation is mounting over whether the pair will travel to Britain next month for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Speaking last month, Harry said he did not know if he would make an appearance alongside other royals. When asked about returning to the UK for the event, the Duke replied: "I don't know yet, there's lots of things - security issues and everything else. "So this is what I'm trying to do, trying to make it possible that, you know, I can get my kids to meet her." Harry also dodged a question on whether he missed his father the Prince of Wales and older brother William.