Ryan Sessegnon has issued a plea for Antonio Conte to stay at Tottenham - even though working under the Italian is “relentless.” Wing-back Sessegnon helped Spurs to a 3-1 win over Leicester on Sunday that briefly returned his side to the top four, only to see bitter rivals Arsenal overtake them and recapture the spot a couple of hours later. Next, in a quest for fourth spot, Spurs face the formidable task of visiting Liverpool on Saturday - and then comes the crunch North London derby against the Gunners on May 12. Sessegnon, back after recovering from a hamstring injury, provided Spurs with width and pace as two goals from Heung-Min Son and one from Harry Kane kept the pressure on. Conte has refused to commit himself to the club beyond the end of this campaign, insisting the only focus is achieving Champions League football next season. Despite being linked with Paris St Germain, Conte then says he will meet with chairman Daniel Levy to work out a “solution.”  Sessegnon said: “Of course we want him to stay. He's a top manager. He's shown that with us. We hope he's here next season - and for us the main objective is to get in that top four and then prepare.” But the England Under 21 defender insisted that the speculation around their manager is not affecting Tottenham’s players: “Not at all. We're professionals and we focus on our game.  You heard him - it's false news. He's focusing on here at the club. As players we're focusing on our job. That's all we can do.” Sessegnon believes that he is learning every day under the workaholic Conte: “Every day, every game - learning bit by bit, the defensive side, the attacking side. “He's very demanding - you need to be up and down. You almost have to manage yourself when to go, when to relax  - but it is relentless.” Liverpool up next is a formidable obstacle, but with Son and Kane back in form after two games without a shot on goal before Leicester, Sessegnon believes the duo will be the key - and he would not swap them for Jurgen Klopp’s attack. Sessegnon said: “The two players we have are world class - we wouldn’t swap them for anyone. Sonny is one of the best players in the world. Consistent over the last six or seven years - he and Harry have been doing it at the top level and the numbers speak for themselves.”