Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp wants James Milner to stay at Anfield beyond his contract expiry this summer. However, the club's owners, Fenway Sports Group, could go against his desires with three players' futures hanging in the balance amid a hectic run-in towards the transfer window. According to The Athletic, Milner's fate after the conclusion of the current season is 'up in the air', but he isn't short of suitors. The 36-year-old midfielder's representatives have also held initial negotiations with Liverpool about a potential contract extension. Klopp wants to keep Milner amongst his quadruple-chasing squad but could face disappointment if the club don't view that as a good decision. The report adds that FSG will ultimately make the final decision on whether to offer him fresh terms on Merseyside. Meanwhile, Lorius Karius and Divock Origi, one slightly more popular among fans than the other, are both expected to leave Anfield as free agents this summer. Neither player has made enough appearances throughout the 2021-22 campaign to trigger the one-year extension clause in their contracts. JUST IN: Chelsea 'respond' to Thomas Tuchel and Marcos Alonso bust-up claims Milner's longevity and work rate have helped him flourish into a fan favourite at Liverpool since his free transfer from Manchester City in 2015. He has made 282 appearances for the Reds in all competitions, registering 26 goals and 44 assists along the way. During his stint at Anfield, he has lifted the Champions League, Premier League, League Cup, European Super Cup and Club World Cup. He will complete the set of major trophies if Liverpool replicate their League Cup triumph and defeat Chelsea in the FA Cup final later this month. READ MORE: Ferdinand apologises to Mourinho over Man Utd comments and issues plea If Klopp's side can pick up any of the FA Cup, Champions League or Premier League in the final few games of his current contract, Milner might deem it a perfect time to set sail and embark on a new challenge. But if the German coach wants him to stay, the prospect of further glory next season could tempt an extension. FSG could think differently, though, especially given the strength of Klopp's midfield added to the fact he reportedly wants to bolster his ranks with AS Monaco star Aurelien Tchouameni this summer. If the Frenchman, or another midfielder, arrives at Anfield, Milner's tally of eight league starts this term would likely shrink, and an exit could make sense for all parties. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.