Russia’s invasion of Ukraine aggravated an already exorbitant global energy crisis that was created by a post-pandemic recovery boom. Since the start of the invasion, European countries have been looking for ways to end their reliance on Russian gas, and hopefully exit the crisis created by record-high wholesale prices of fossil fuels like natural gas and crude oil.   While EU countries scramble to end their reliance on Russian energy, the UK is leading the way by building the £3.6billion Dogger Bank Wind Farm. Construction work is now underway on the project, which will be built in three stages and will collectively be the world’s largest wind farm. Each phase will have an installed generation capacity of 1.2GW and installing a combined capacity of 3.6GW, which will be capable of powering up to six million homes. Earlier this week, the project saw work to install the HVDC export cable, which will connect the first phase of the wind farm, more than 130km off the coast to a landfall point at Ulrome, in East Riding of Yorkshire. According to a statement by SSE, Dogger Bank Wind Farm will be the UK’s first HVDC connected wind farm and will be vital in learning how to transport renewable energy at greater distances. Steve Wilson, project director at Dogger Bank said: "This is an exciting time for everyone involved in this project as we celebrate installing the first nearshore HVDC export cable safely and on time. “With the first foundations due to be installed later this year and the first turbines scheduled for installation in 2023, we’re now well on our way to achieving first power from this unrivalled global renewable energy asset. “I’d like to extend my thanks to all those who’ve worked incredibly hard to reach this major offshore milestone." READ MORE: Energy bills to soar to £3,000 by end of THIS year – Sunak sent dire Meanwhile, SSE also announced major progress on a “historic project to connect the Shetland Islands to the GB electricity grid”. The energy firm stepped up the project with the arrival of four new 168 tonnes transformer units. The SSE statement read: “The units are key components in the operation of Kergord substation and will play a vital role in the £600million Shetland HVDC link. “Once complete, the link will transport clean, green energy from the islands and help Shetland’s future security of supply. DON'T MISS: Ukraine obliterates Russian troops by dropping grenades from drone [REVEAL] Archaeologists stunned by engineering discovery in Petra [REPORT] How the UK, US and their allies could respond to a nuclear attack [INSIGHT]