Kyrylo Budanov, Ukraine's Chief of Defence Intelligence, has claimed there was an "unsuccessful attempt" against the Russian President's life around two months ago. He told Ukrainian Pravda: "There was an attempt to assassinate Putin. He was even attacked, it is said, by representatives of the Caucasus, not so long ago "This is non-public information. "Absolutely unsuccessful attempt, but it really took place. It was about two months ago. "Once again, he was unsuccessful. "There is no publicity about this event, but it took place."  The outlet said the full conversation with the head of military intelligence will be published tomorrow. Reports have been swirling during recent weeks that Putin is suffering from a serious illness, possibly cancer. Mr Budanov recently fuelled the rumours about the Russian President's health, saying he is in a "very bad psychological and physical condition and he is very sick". He said a "breaking point" in the war between the two countries will come later in August, with "most of the active combat actions" over before the end of the year. READ MORE: Ukraine fury as EU and US allies suggest handing Putin land  Speaking to Sky News earlier this month, the Chief of Defence Intelligence said: "The breaking point will be in the second part of August. "Most of the active combat actions will have finished by the end of this year. "As a result, we will renew Ukrainian power in all our territories that we have lost including Donbas and the Crimea." He added: "It will eventually lead to the change of leadership of the Russian Federation. DON'T MISSWhy should UK taxpayers pay for Ukraine - COMMENT [OPINION]Sloppy Putin invasion effort deploys 'outdated' T-62 tanks [LATEST]Russia ready to wipe out 'UK in two minutes' to stop Ukraine support [COMMENTS]  "This process has already been launched and they are moving into that way." The latest health fears around Putin comes with him looking bloated and gripping a table as he sat across from Sergey Chemezov, CEO of state-owned defence conglomerate Rostec, during a meeting in Moscow. At several points during the new footage released by Russian state TV, he appears to struggle to focus on the conversation This will only add to questions surrounding Putin's health over the past few weeks.  Various reports have been circulating claiming he is “very ill with blood cancer". Nearly two weeks ago on May 12, he underwent surgery, according to the Telegram channel 'General SVR', which is apparently run by a former Russian spy. This further claimed Putin’s surgery and subsequent recovery were covered up the following day using “deep fake” technology to simulate his presence in videos of a scheduled meeting of Russia’s security council.