Mark Wahlberg is always in great shape and has spoken out on how he maintains his toned physique. This includes an intense diet and exercise regime. The 50-year-old has been open about his love of fitness over the years. He will often share glimpses into his workouts on social media. What is his daily routine? Mark previously posted a plan of a typical day, which included a 2.30am wake up call. READ MORE: Simon Cowell weight loss: Britain's Got Talent star's transformation In the list, shared on Instagram, Mark explained he will eat breakfast around 3.15am. This is reportedly oats with blueberries with eggs or peanut butter.  Between 3.40am and 5.15am, the Ted star will hit the gym for the first workout of the day. When discussing the early start with James Corden in 2018, Mark said: "The workout is going to suck, but when you have a shake and some turkey burgers after, you'll feel great.  "Then you're going to go and attack the rest of the day." The plan unveiled Mark ate seven times a day, including a post workout meal, two morning snacks, lunch, an afternoon snack and dinner.  Typical meals are thought to include turkey meatballs, steak and grilled chicken as well as salads packed full of healthy foods such as avocados, olives, lettuce, tomato and cucumber. Fish and vegetables often fill the plate at dinner time. When posting his routine, the father-of-four also shared that he fits in a second workout between 4pm and 5pm. In a recent Instagram post, Mark shared the "secret" to his fitness. The post had a video of the topless star flexing his firm biceps. The caption said: "@performedinspired @bstrongtraining 50 years old, it's the secret. Inspired to be better! "@chef_lawrence_d was up at 2.30am to wake me up at 3am." In the sponsored post, he claimed the B Strong fitness system helped him stay toned. The B Strong website describes how it works.  It states: "B Strong is a proprietary implementation of BFR training — an exercise technique that manipulates the body’s circulatory system, and when combined with exercise, produces rapid gains in strength and fitness using light-weights, and in a very short period of time." He also credited Performance Inspired, his own brand of supplements. for his physique.Other posts showed the fitness fanatic working out in the gym using dumbbells and doing ab exercises. 