Throughout their relationship, Fiz (played by Jennie McAlpine) has kept her past regarding her stint in prison and her murderous ex-husband John Stape (Graeme Hawley) a secret, especially from potential new love interests. With things going well with Phill (Jamie Kenna), the guilt of her past begins to weigh down heavily on her and is soon brought to fruition when she recognises a familiar face. As she opens up to Phill about her past, Fiz is stunned when he makes a shocking revelation and puts their relationship on the rocks. In last night's episode, Fiz and Phill went for dinner with his friends Graham (John Cusworth) and Angela (Joanne Haywood). As they settled down for their meal in Speed Daal, it soon became apparent to Graham that he had seen Fiz before and revealed he was the prosecuting solicitor during John Stape's case. Rattled by the sudden revelation to Phill, Fiz began to worry that it would scare Phill away and decided to confide in her ex-boyfriend Tyrone Dobbs (Alan Halsall). Later this week, Tyrone spots Phill in Victoria Garden, handing a mysterious man a large brown envelope and can't help but wonder what he is up to. READ MORE: Tipping Point's Ben Shephard blasts Boris in coin machine comparison Intrigued, Tyrone vows to find out more as he knows that Phill was meant to be in Leeds. Official soap spoilers reveal that in upcoming scenes, Tyrone is still suspicious of Phill and what he is up to. Meanwhile, when Hope Stape (Isabelle Flanagan) borrows Phill’s laptop, she uncovers something dark and disturbing about her mother's past. Is Phill a secret relative of John Stape and using Fiz for revenge? Fiz has never told Hope the truth about her father and what he had done to Rosie Webster (Helen Flanagan) and the people he killed. But as Hope continues to read Phill's laptop, it soon becomes clear that she has found out the truth and takes revenge on Phill. Phill hears the noise of the mini-digger on the driveway and dashes around the house to see what’s going on. He is horrified to see Hope, and as she pulls a lever, the digger’s arm swings around and smashes the windscreen on his car. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Fiz's past comes back to haunt her [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Terror for Imran as Abi flees country [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Sean Tully to meet unexpected love interest  [WATCH] What link between her mother's new boyfriend and her father has Hope discovered? Does this spell the end for Fiz and Phill if she finds out what he has been up to? Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press, Fiz actress Jennie McAlpine opened up about how Fiz felt when she first saw Graham, and the memory of John resurfaced once again. Jennie explained: "She is dead nervous for this dinner. Anytime when she had to meet Phill's friends and then absolute out of the blue John Stape is mentioned and is the main topic of the conversation." Speaking about what Hope finds on Phill's laptop and the way she reacts, Jennie joked: "No one messes with my daughter. "There is a giant digger involved and Phill's car and a crane, and the two meet and bam, so you don't p**s my daughter off we all know that, so yeah we all know, I mean it was quite tame for her really! "So she is really angry and it's a pretty distressing thing that has happened, for whatever reason, Phill has got all this information about John Stape, which (means) Hope is finding out stuff about her dad that she didn't want to find out! "The shine is off when, from when the Speed Daal date reality hits, when his mates start talking about John Stape and the past.  "I think once reality comes into it, the shine has definitely been knocked off, but she is still like, 'Oh no, this was the answer!' "She doesn't want to be on her own, she doesn't want to bring the kids up on her own and Phill was the answer but then, yeah now he's not, like everyone has been saying!" Jennie went on to speak about the possibility of Fiz running back to Tyrone and the pair working through their differences and getting back together, to which she gave some promising news to viewers. "I've said this before, would she go back to him? Yes, she would in a heartbeat to the Tyrone that was pre-Alina that didn't do that to her and didn't break her heart. "But it is a thing that she can't get over, so yes she could go back if he hadn't done it but she can't, she can't get over what he did to her and her family, he tore it apart and that is where we are stuck." In the coming weeks, Fiz has a lot to think about when it comes to who she wants to be with, especially after she realises that Phill has been lying to her and isn't the perfect man she once thought he was. Will she be able to look past the betrayal of Phill's and go running back to Tyrone just as he wants? Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.