Since April 1, 2020, landlords can no longer let properties that have an Energy Performance Certificate rating below E, unless they have an exemption. This can include making all the necessary changes and then the rating remaining below E. Under current plans, buy-to-let investors will have to pay for changes to their properties to raise the EPC for rental properties to C by 2025 for new lets and by 2028 for existing lets. It is understood that for this, landlords would need to pay a maximum of £10,000 to upgrade each property. There are also plans for the sale of new gas boilers to be banned by 2035, meaning landlords will eventually need to install heat pumps. Sean Keyes Managing Director of civil and structural engineering firm Sutcliffe told Express.co.uk that grants now need to be “made available” to avoid properties becoming “empty”. He said: “In response to this news, there now needs to be additional grants made available to combat these Government plans, so people are able to spend money on their properties to make them more energy efficient. "If the cost of upgrades is more than a year’s rent for example, it may be beneficial for property owners to simply sell their property and if there is a cut off date, it may even mean that it is more cost effective for them to leave their property empty until sold, rather than making the upgrades, which would further exacerbate the housing crisis. “I predict that these plans will have some homeowners simply deciding not to make eco-friendly upgrades, but for those that do, grants will make absolute sense for the PLC, as the money used to upgrade properties will go straight into the UK economy." If these plans do go ahead, it will be the tenants that see the largest advances, Sean explained. These mandatory green upgrades will however see smaller fuel bills and the country as a whole spending less money on importing gas and electricity. READ MORE: Property: How to add house value ‘cheaply’ using ‘simple option’ Jake Barlow, Founder of property management tool, Property Store told Express.co.uk that for smaller sized properties, ROCE (Return on Capital Employed) is everything to a landlord. He said: “With these mandatory green upgrades, they could be looking at spending £10,000 plus, which on a £162,000 property, could represent more than a six percent investment. “For this to be viable, they would need to expect a huge price hike through forced appreciation – and this is tremendously unlikely. “In fact, they would need to see more than a £10,000 appreciation just to recoup their costs when they sell the property, which at best is years or decades down the line. “Expecting a landlord to shell out six percent of the value of their property for the proposed green upgrades is wholly untenable. “These mandatory works for cheaper properties could force many investors to sell, which could have a negative impact on the local area. Most landlords will not see the returns from spending five figure sums until way into the future – if at all.” DON'T MISS: Lawn task you should ‘never’ do - ‘complete waste of time, energy a... [EXPERT]Cleaning tips: How to ‘properly’ remove limescale from taps [COMMENT]How to properly clean mattresses to ‘kill off any dust mites’ [TIPS] Chris Waine, director of Hive Projects agreed that landlords will not be able to afford these upgrades. He said: “This is another example of the Government trying to buy political capital in the build up to an election with a climate change and housing sector related intervention without properly thinking it through. “It is not viable for landlords to pay for these upgrades and they will simply look for a way to pass it on to the tenant or they will sell the property. “There are obvious benefits for the tenants and environment to be had here, but the Government should be looking at more transitional arrangements by helping landlords to undertake the intervention works, as opposed to this ‘step change’ approach. “As a landlord and someone who works in the housing sector in the North West of England, I worry this will do more harm than good in the short term and it will have more impact on the more deprived communities, going completely against the Levelling Up Agenda.” This will be most severe in local authorities marked as “levelling up” priority areas. More than two million homes in England worth less than £162,000 have an EPC rating below C and are located in poorer areas. The highest concentration of these homes was found in Blackpool, Burnley and Hyndburn, where 70 percent, 69 percent and 67 percent of homes would gain no value from energy upgrades. Rebecca Armstrong, director of Mersey Eco Grants told Express.co.uk that “the most important factor in these new plans” is educating the public and landlords, as to what funding is available and how they can access it. She noted that ECO4 was due to start on April 1, but has since been delayed. The expert said: “We are now anticipating greater demand for services due to the rise of energy bills, the legislation change for the Private Rental Sector and the Government’s net zero targets. The scope of this work is huge and the industry has a skills shortage, so there are certainly plenty of hurdles facing us. “Most importantly though the money has been allocated, ECO4 has been agreed and it is now a case of waiting for the scheme to be signed off and implemented. “The Government’s plans can definitely help landlords and tenants alike and we want to now make sure that all landlords have the correct information, as and when this scheme is implemented.”