  Coronation Street actor Simon Gregson has brushed off criticism from a social media user who slammed his acting abilities on Twitter. The ITV soap star hit back with a sarcastic quip, leaving fans in hysterics.      Simon, 47, is well-known for his portrayal of Steve McDonald in the popular ITV soap, which he has starred in dating back to 1989. However, not everyone seems to be a fan, as Simon found out yesterday. Two days ago, a Twitter user named Mark replied to a tweet from May 2017. The original Tweet from Lucy read: “EVERYONE VOTE SIMON FOR BEST SOAP ACTOR FOR THE TV CHOICE AWARDS. READ MORE: Michael Jackson’s horrific animal abuse exposed    “We all know he absolutely deserves this,” she added, including a list of popular soap actors below. Five years later Mark decided to weigh in, writing on Sunday: “I've watched every episode of Coronation Street for 58 years. “There have never been more toe-curlingly awful scenes than when poor old Simon tries to act drunk. "Simon in general tries hard but simply cannot act,” Mark penned scathingly.     Seeing the funny side, Simon replied to the tweet yesterday, simply writing: “My new agent.” Over the course of his career, the on-screen star has received 17 awards for comedy and performance, plus a Legends of Industry Award. Last year, the actor also proved his huge public appeal when he finished second place in the ITV series I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!. Simon’s fans and followers took to the comment section to share their thoughts on Mark’s harsh criticism. READ MORE... Carol Kirkwood hits back at Dan Walker's 'cheeky' remark [LATEST] Rylan Clark urged critics 'lay off' Scott Mills amid BBC replacement [NEWS] Jurassic Park's Laura Dern and Sam Neill weigh in on 19-year age gap [NEWS]      Fellow actor Lee Boardman wrote: “Brilliant response. Hahahahaha!” While Corrie’s Tony Maudsley replied with a long string of laughing emojis. “I completely disagree and your comedic timing is brilliant,” wrote Kay. Another fan named Christine added: “I think Simon is the best actor on Corrie at least he brings humour instead of all the doom and gloom.”      Bea Keen wrote: “I think @simongregson123 is a fabulous actor and he brings real humour to his role and to the Street.” “I think you are hilarious Simon as Steve. We need more Steve humour,” Annette Higgs commented. (sic) While Stephen Kelly pointed out: “Funny how they assume you can't act, which you can, otherwise you'd not have been employed as an actor for the last 33 years.” (sic) Coronation Street continues tomorrow at 8pm on ITV.  