Since setting in California after quitting royal duties, Meghan and Harry have tied links with prominent US politicians and Democrat leaders. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex also rubbed shoulders with New York Governor Kathy Hochul and Mayor Bill de Blasio during a trip to the Big Apple last year. These links with political leaders has led to speculation that Meghan could be harbouring hopes of becoming a politician herself. A Democracy Institute/ Express.co.uk monthly US tracker poll published this week highlighted the prospect of Meghan Markle serving at the White House has been boosted. Respondents in the survey noted that the Duchess was one of their preferred candidates when asked which female candidate they want. In the survey, participants placed Meghan second behind Michelle Obama but ahead of Vice President Kamala Harris and Hilary Clinton. However, royal author Angela Levin claims the Duchess lacks thick skin, something which she deems vital if Meghan is eyeing up a career in politics. She claims this is because politicians have to face particular hardships in their role. Taking to Twitter to voice her opinion on the support for ‘President Meghan’, Ms Levin wrote: “Don't believe a word of it.” She added: “In any case she is too thin skinned to take the hard criticism and investigations that a senior politician has to bear.” READ MORE: Meghan and Harry have 'learned two lessons in quick succession' The Duchess and Michelle Obama, wife of Barack Obama who served as US president from 2009 to 2017, have spoken about their friendship in the past. In 2018, Michelle offered her advice on marriage in the public eye during an interview with Good Housekeeping. While in 2019, Meghan interviewed the former first lady for Vogue’s September issue, which she guest-edited. Meghan also participated in the When All Women Vote Couch Party, an online event hosted by the non-profit co-founded by Michelle. Meghan abided by the royal protocol and remained politically neutral while a senior royal. However after stepping down from duties, and despite never publicly commenting on which political party she supports, the Duchess became vocal about the importance of voting. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry backed to return to Firm after 'big blow' to Queen [REVEAL] Queen's health 'more perilous' as Royal Family facing knife-edge [INSIGHT] Harry warned Queen 'needs protecting' from his royal 'hand grenades' [ANALYSIS] In 2020, the Duchess said in an interview with Marie Claire that she was planning on voting in the presidential election and called the ability to vote a “fundamental right”. She said: “I know what it’s like to have a voice, and also what it’s like to feel voiceless. “I also know that so many men and women have put their lives on the line for us to be heard. “And that opportunity, that fundamental right, is in our ability to exercise our right to vote and to make all of our voices heard.” The Duchess also waded into the political sphere more recently after penning an open letter to Chuck Schumer, the US Senator, and Nancy Pelosi, the speaker of the US House of representatives. Within the letter, the Duchess called on the pair as “an engaged citizen and parent” to advocate for paid family leave. She wrote: “No family should have to choose between earning a living and having the freedom to take care of their child." Meghan also called US senators to talk about the issue of paid family leave. West Virginia Republican Senator Shelley Moore Capito told Politico she received a phone call Meghan while driving in her car. Similarly, Maine Republican Senator Susan Collins, was also called by her. Recalling her chat with Meghan, Sen Collins said: "I was happy to talk with her. "But I’m more interested in what the people of Maine are telling me about it."