From wafting barbecue smoke to dog behaviour, Britons need to be aware of a few issues that can cause “conflict with neighbours”. Gardening is usually simple and straightforward, but not sticking to some golden rules could land you in hot water with your neighbours, who could issue legal action against you. Luckily, Harry Bodell at PriceYourJob.co.uk has shared some rules gardeners should abide by this spring and summer. He said: “Spring sees much of the UK carry out garden chores and spend a lot of time in their outdoor spaces. “But spending so much time outside can potentially spark conflict with neighbours.” Here are five rules Harry advised gardeners to follow. Do not mow the lawn at inconvenient times Keep the peace in your neighbourhood by cutting the grass during the middle of the day. READ MORE: Cleaning: ‘Great way’ to banish flies from homes - works ‘instantly’ As a general rule of thumb, the best time to cut the grass is between 2pm and 4pm during the week, and after 9am on the weekend to avoid causing upset. If you aren't able to use the lawnmower during the day, try to do it before 7pm in the evening — earlier if there are children sleeping. Before Britons fire up for barbecue season, position grills in a safe place to avoid any thick smoke blowing into the next door's garden (it's worth checking whether they have the washing out, too). Harry said: “Before you begin a BBQ, observe the direction of the wind, and position the BBQ accordingly. “If your neighbour is drying their washing in the garden, be sure to alert them of your BBQ so that they may move it.” DON'T MISS: Estate agent advice: ‘Red flags’ to lookout for on property viewings [EXPERT]Cleaning: How to get rid of ants in homes - ‘easiest way’ [TIPS]Cleaning: I tested out Mrs Hinch fans’ 75p hack to clean oven racks [INSIGHT] Poorly positioned trampolines could frustrate your neighbours. If you're the courteous type and enjoy getting along with your neighbours, make every effort to place your trampoline away from their fence. The gardening pro said: “To avoid neighbour disputes, place the trampoline away from any shared neighbouring lines. “Ensure that when standing or jumping on the trampoline, you do not have a view into other gardens. “Be aware that if a neighbour can prove that the trampoline is an invasion of privacy, then it can become a legal matter.” Leaving a dog alone in the garden can lead to unwanted behaviours and excessive barking. According to PriceYourJob.co.uk, persistent barking is considered as an offence, potentially leading to a council complaint and a Noise Abatement Notice. If you're a pet parent, do not leave your dog unattended outside. Harry advised: “If your neighbour's dog is constantly barking, the first point of action should always be trying to talk to them. “If this doesn't work, keep a diary of timings, and report the noise to the local council who can act.” If you want to change something about a fence that legally belongs to your neighbour, you should ask their permission first – even if you're only painting, varnishing or staining it. Your DIY skills might be pretty impressive, but paint could splash onto the other side. The gardening expert said: “Trailing plants can only be added with the permission of the owner as they may cause damage. “You can find out who owns the fence by observing which side the boundary of the fence is placed. “The fence will be on the side of the owners.”