Russian forces have started hitting Sievierodonetsk, the largest city in the Donbas region. With fighting and fire significantly intensified in eastern Ukraine, advisor to Ukraine Ministry of Defence Yuriy Sak stressed the importance for the west to continue to provide Ukraine with more weapons as he claimed Ukraine “will never agree” to any territorial concession to Russia. He stressed  “we need military support” after reiterating a territorial compromise with Russia “is impossible”. In light of the intensified fighting in the Donbas, Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelensky is set to address European Union leaders at an emergency summit on Monday to push for new sanctions against Russia. Mr Sak said: “Ukraine will never agree to any end of this war which supposes ceding some territory [to Russia]. “We are determined to continue to defend and liberate our land. “Whenever we hear those voices [from western capitals about whether or now the Donbas region has to be ceded to Russia], we say immediately that this is impossible. “We need military support in order for us to achieve our goals and to restore our territorial integrity, at least at the level of before February 24. “That’s as simple as that.” He added: “We continue to repeat that for us to be able to liberate our territories and to expel the enemy, we need more heavy weapons. “At the moment, what is happening in the Donbas area is something that we have been saying it will happen for a long time. “So, in one respect, it’s not surprising that the fighting is getting more and more intense. “The Russian aggressors are trying to encircle and destroy in small pockets the Ukrainian Armed Forces. “Of course, it is very dynamic, so it’s not possible at the moment to make any conclusive statement. READ MORE: Russia's army 'being mowed down' by Ukraine “But, at the same time, the situation seems to have been stabilised by the Ukrainian Armed Forces. “They are defending the area, but the major imbalance is that the Russian aggressors have much more firepower. “They’re plummeting those areas 24/7 without stopping, they’re hitting civilian houses and infrastructures. “So the situation is very, very serious. DON'T MISS: Boris eviscerated for failing Britons as Labour storm ahead [WATCH]Sophy Ridge shut down by Brandon Lewis over imperial measurements  [LISTEN]Nadine Dorries fires back at Andrew Neil in TikTok rap battle row [INSIGHT] Ukraine officials have described conditions in Sievierodonetsk as reminiscent of Mariupol. They also said that due to the significant intensification of Russian shelling, the number of casualties cannot be assessed at this moment. Luhansk regional governor Serhiy Gaidai confirmed at least two civilians have been killed and five wounded by Russian shelling as Russian troops entered Sievierodonetsk. He said in a statement: “Russian shells killed two residents and wounded five. They were preparing food in the yard when the shelling suddenly started”.