Simon Lavender, 40, has been able to make a whopping £4,000 using one website. Mr Lavender explained he uses TopCashback on “pretty much everything” and checks to see how much he can claim before purchasing something. “I just think it’s a no-brainer,” he said. Mr Lavender estimates around 99 percent of his purchases are available with cashback, and some of the products he has made money back on include his energy bills and phone insurance. He said: “So far, I’ve earned £4,000 with TopCashback, which is amazing considering it is essentially free money that I would have spent anyway. “You don’t always get this much back, but it’s definitely worth keeping an eye out for special offers and increased cashback rates, especially if you are planning on buying an expensive item or looking to take out a new utility contract. READ MORE: 'My whole life’s savings' Single mum shocked after losing £60,000 to scammer - 'evil man' “I thought it sounded too good to be true but decided to give it a go, and now 15 years later, I’ve never looked back,” he said. He added: “To start with, I only used it for contracted services like utilities, but then I realised that you can get cashback on pretty much everything. "Now I’ve gotten in the habit of always checking TopCashback before making a purchase and nine times out of ten I do find that I can get cashback.” Mr Lavender explained that he has used most of his earnings to help pay back his mortgage. He has also uses cashback when buying clothes and booking holidays online. He continued: “Using TopCashback has been a great little bit of extra help, especially in the current financial climate where every little bit counts. “The process itself is actually very easy as it’s essentially just an extra click. All you need to do is go on the site and click on the brand you want to shop with. “From there you just shop as normal and after you’ve made your purchase, the amount of cashback you’ve earned will be visible in your account. “It can take a few weeks for the money to become withdrawable, so you do have to be patient with it. I think it just depends on the brand you shop with and what you buy. “For example, cashback from holiday bookings tends to take a little longer to become payable as it can’t be processed until you’ve actually been on that holiday.” When using cashback sites, people will get money back for a qualifying shop as they complete the transaction via their website.  It means someone can essentially get free cash on a purchase they would've made anyway. Sometimes one may need to provide proof of a receipt too, in order to claim cashback. Mr Lavender said: "I think it's a no-brainer. Especially in the current circumstances where everyone is trying to save a little bit of money whenever they can. “It’s very simple and quick to use but it gives you the option to save money on something you were going to buy anyway. It’s also surprising how much stuff you can get cashback on.” Mr Lavender explained what the downsides are when it comes to claiming his cashback. He said “For me the only downside is the waiting. I’ve had different experiences throughout the years, and sometimes I get the money fairly quickly, but occasionally it does take a little longer. "Having said that, as long as I get the cashback, I don’t really mind.”