Bayern Munich could reportedly turn their attention away from Sadio Mane to Manchester City star Raheem Sterling. Mane has been linked with a move away from Anfield this summer after reports stated he wants to leave the club for new challenge - though he is yet to inform the Reds of his decision. Liverpool are in no hurry to sell their star and Jurgen Klopp stated he does “not want to lose” his player, despite the club valuing Mane at closer to £42.5million with just one year left on his current deal. The Reds signed him for £30million from Southampton back in 2016 as he became one of Klopp’s first signings. However, Bayern’s £25.5m valuation of the Senegal international falls below Liverpool's asking price which has left the German giants drawing up a contingency plan. According to the Daily Mail, the Bundesliga outfit have monitored Sterling’s situation at the Etihad as the England international searches for regular game time. JUST IN: Steven Gerrard tells Liverpool what they must do in transfer market But Julian Nagelsmann’s side are not alone in their pursuit for the City star, with Europe’s biggest clubs like Real Madrid, Barcelona, Atletico Madrid and Chelsea named as potential destinations. The 27-year-old is only set to decide his future after England’s four Nations League fixtures in June, however. He will link up with the England national team on June 1 ahead of their weekend clash in Hungary. But with a view to the Qatar World Cup late this year, Sterling will be keen to make the call-up list, with regular game time a key factor on the lead up to November. Sterling missed out on both legs of the Champions League semi-final against Real Madrid as Gabriel Jesus and Riyad Mahrez picked ahead of him. DON'T MISS: Man City boss Pep Guardiola eyes 'untouchable' star as Raheem Sterling replacement Real Madrid president Perez tells Kylian Mbappe he's 'forgotten' Chelsea set for unexpected transfer boost after Real Madrid victory The City boss Pep Guardiola, who previously addressed Sterling's lack of game time, said: "Always, I am happy with his [Raheem Sterling's] response. Of course, he is not happy when he doesn’t play. That’s normal. What he has done in our time together [at Manchester City], with the numbers and statistics is amazing”, he commented. Sterling who joined City from rivals Liverpool in 2015, entered the Premier League’s 100 goals club and will be keen to build on a similar fete in one of Europe’s biggest clubs. Despite seven years at the Etihad and winning nine major trophies with the Citizens, the winger is still shy of lifting Champions League silverware, and his ambition to do so may be away from the club. Should the 27-year-old request to departure from the club, and Bayern are successful in their swoop, the Reds will be relieved to have the German giants off their backs, though Mane will not be short of other potential suitors.