Nicholas Rea, 38, also regularly made his frightened girlfriend ask permission to have a bath and to use the internet. When the woman, now 28, packed her bags and intended to end the relationship as she had found out about Rea's affair, the thug told her she was not leaving. A court heard Rea, who since married the other woman he had been dating, showed controlling behaviour towards his girlfriend, monitoring her movements by using a doorbell camera.During the confrontation after Rea's affair was exposed, the yob hit the woman across the head, kicked her in the mouth, causing a split lip, and dragged her around the room by her hair.Police attended the address in Bridlington, East Yorkshire, and the anxious woman mouthed to them: "Help me now" before putting on a smile.But Rea, a former delivery driver, was spared jail last week, Hull Live reports. Rea appeared at Hull Crown Court to admit assaulting the woman, causing actual bodily harm, and assaulting her on May 11 last year.Sentencing Rea, Judge Mark Bury said: "I hope you are ashamed of yourself. You appear to have undergone a sea change. You need to remember how inappropriately you have behaved in the past to people you are in a relationship with and make sure it remains in the past."(Rea's wife) doesn't strike me as someone who can be messed around. This is the first day of the rest of your life. Regard yourself as lucky and don't blow the chance you have been given by the court or with your family."Rea was given 150 hours' unpaid work and must do a Building Better Relationships course. He was given a two-year restraining order.He was spared prison mainly because he had previously spent 27 days in custody on remand and 183 days on a curfew, which would have counted against a prison sentence.   Richard Thompson, prosecuting, said the victim confided in a neighbour about the abuse, and had been left "anxious and shaking" and wanted to end the relationship.She packed her bags but Rea became violent.In a victim impact statement read in court, the woman said: "I am now easily startled and all of this has changed me as a person."She suffered from nightmares, panic attacks and flashbacks and had not been eating properly. Rea, of Bridlington, had a previous conviction for dishonesty.Nigel Clive, mitigating, said Rea had been suffering from problems at the time that needed tackling and he had done that."It was thoroughly shameful and persistent behaviour that this defendant demonstrated," said Mr Clive.Speaking in Rea's defence, his wife said the man is "a lot calmer now".She added: "It did take me a long time to kind of get my head around it. He was short-tempered before. He seems a lot calmer now. He will talk through a lot of things more now. He seems to be getting a lot better at communicating and talking about how he feels and stuff like that so he is not as stressed out."He was, at the time, controlling with me and then we sorted it out. Sometimes, he doesn't realise what he is doing until you point it out. Before, we would argue about stuff and wouldn't talk for two or three days. Now, we talk about it. It's like he has grown up."He has realised that you can't behave like that. I am quite outspoken to him and say: 'No, you can't do that'. It took a while to sink in. He is a lot different."He had a job as a delivery driver. He has been looking for a full-time job in Bolton. I have told him that if anything happens, that will be it. I have told him that this is his last chance. There are no chances after this. If he messes this up, that is it."