Bargain Hunt remains a favourite among daytime viewers with the BBC show regularly on screens. The series has been running since 2000 with contestants battling it out to find prized items and make a profit at auction. Helping the novice antiques hunters is a team of experts as well as a host who presides over the episode. Among Bargain Hunt’s presenters is Eric Knowles, who was born in Nelson, Lancashire in 1953 and is British. The star’s love of antiques came from his parents which led him into the industry as well as his passion for history and architecture. Speaking about how he found himself working in the antiques industry, Knowles said it was “largely a matter of fate and circumstance”. He worked in antique shipping as well as for an engineering firm, before later moving to the London auction house Bonham’s, where he would stay for 32 years. READ MORE: What is Bargain Hunt expert Christina Trevanion's nationality? He went on to advise those hoping to enter the field: “If you decide to follow a career in the world of antiques it is essential to totally submerge yourself into the subject and look, learn, listen and whenever possible touch. “A real interest is needed but a passionate need to know should always lead you down the right paths.” In 1985, he received a directorship at Bonham’s and is also a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts. As well as appearing on Bargain Hunt, Knowles has featured on Put Your Money Where Your Mouth Is, Antique Master, Antiques Roadshow, and 20th Century Roadshow, among other programmes. He joined Bargain Hunt in 2018 as a guest presenter following Tim Wonnacott’s departure. The star was approached by a BBC commissioning editor to join Bargain Hunt who felt Knowles would be “perfect” for the show. Knowles said he loved meeting the contestants as well as the guest experts on the programme. The host told the BBC: “I feel both proud and privileged to be asked to co-present such a well-established and obviously much loved BBC programme.” He also urged viewers to appear on the series as contestants, saying: “I cannot emphasise how much fun all the contestants admit to and virtually each and every one would jump at the chance of taking part again and again. “Suffice to say I have no hesitation in encouraging anyone to get in touch and take part. Anita, Natasha [Raskin Sharp], Charlie [Ross] and I will be waiting for you!” Reflecting on the appeal of Bargain Hunt, Knowles said it was down to the winning and losing formula which engaged viewers. Alongside his TV work, the antiquarian has made appearances on BBC Radio 2. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Debbie Webster reports Abi in revenge twist [ANALYSIS]Sally Dexter partner: Is Emmerdale's Faith Dingle star married? [EXPLAINER]Ozark season 4 theory: Jonah actually shot Wendy as fans spot key clue [INSIGHT] He has also written several books about Royal Memorabilia, Art Deco, Art Nouveau, and Victoriana. Knowles has served as a guest lecturer at The University of Central Lancashire and Solent University, Southampton. He said had he not worked in antiques, he may have pursued a career as either a radio DJ or worked for the Forestry Commission. When he’s not busy working, Knowles is an avid gardener and spends his time tackling vegetation. Bargain Hunt airs on BBC One weekdays at 12.15pm