Erik ten Hag’s major reshuffle will be a case of out with the old and in with the new as he removes the dead wood from Old Trafford. And it seems some Manchester United players are already aware of that, with some saying their goodbyes already despite the season not being over. Reports suggest Phil Jones and Eric Bailly have told their team-mates that they don’t intend to remain at the club. The defensive pair have only featured intermittently this season and that is an key reason behind their impending departures. According to the Manchester Evening News, Bailly has grown tired of the continued faith in players that are underperforming in his position, namely captain Harry Maguire. He has publicly questioned why his opportunities have been so limited, though his five appearances this season show that his pleas for more game time have fallen on deaf ears. Jones too has only started two Premier League matches this season despite being above Bailly in the pecking order. United have been linked with several centre-back signings and Villarreal’s Pau Torres is one of the names high on the list. JUST IN: Erik ten Hag may approve four shirt number changes at Man Utd It is no secret that the United dressing room is set to undergo a huge shake-up over the summer, especially after interim manager Ralf Rangnick was not able to sign any players in the January transfer window to keep the Red Devils’ transfer pot filled to the brim. Signing a striker and central midfielder have both been cited as top priorities, with the need for another winger and a stronger defence also a ‘must’. United’s defence this season has leaked goals and investment into this area of the pitch would be money well spent. But Ten Hag may not need to force centre backs out of the door, with Jones and Bailly willing to walk out. DON'T MISS Marcus Rashford's price tag at Man Utd has changed by £90m Wenger’s dig at Ronaldo backfired big time when Man Utd beat Arsenal Man Utd fan Ratcliffe opens up on 'loyalties' over Chelsea takeover  Given Ten Hag’s links with the Eredivisie, it is also no great surprise that he is willing to dip back into the league and reunite with some of his former players. Jurrien Timber has impressed at Ajax and he could be swayed into playing under his current manager in the Premier League. Left-back Tyrell Malacia is also reportedly a target for Ten Hag, although the youngster is currently one of Feyenoord’s most-sought after stars. The 22-year-old is understood to be available for approximately £20million if United decide to pursue the Netherlands international.