The pair were caught off-guard laughing and joking, before sharing a hug at the Houghton International Horse Trials in Norfolk yesterday. They were at the horse trials to support Mike Tindall's wife Zara, who is Prince William's cousin and the daughter of Princess Anne. Commenting on the embrace, one Twitter user said: "Prince William with Mike Tindall and Zara today at the horse trials. Love their relationship." Prince William, 39, was seen enjoying a joke with Mike Tindall, 43, in the sweet snaps. Zara was competing in the Houghton International Horse Trials in Norfolk yesterday [May 29], with Prince William making a surprise appearance on the day. The Tindall's one-year-old son was also seen taking his first steps in public at the funfair, before being carried off by eight-year-old sister Mia. The couple's other daughter, three-year-old Lena, was also at the event at Houghton Hall, near to William and Kate's country residence at Ammer Hall on the Sandringham Estate. Mike Tindall was spotted walking the grounds with the children while wife Zara competed. Zara is an accomplished equestrian and Olympian, but does not have a HRH title. Mike and their three children are constantly seen supporting Zara by attending her competitions regularly. READ MORE: Meghan could 'pull plug' on Jubilee return after bad publicity - claim The couple are known to dedicate a significant amount of time to charitable causes. Zara and Mike have managed to enjoy a relatively "normal" life and live with their daughters in privacy, but still remain close to the royal family and particularly Prince William. According to a royal commentator, Zara has come a "tower of strength and support" for Prince William, with the cousins being "protective" over one another after forming a bond from a young age. In a Channel 5 documentary 'Zara & Anne: Like Mother Like Daughter', royal expert Victoria Arbiter claimed: "William is quite serious by nature, he's actually quite shy - Zara is sort of the comedy cousin that you can turn to where she takes the pressure off everything. DON'T MISS:Meghan ‘terrified’ over new book [INSIGHT]Meghan's recent appearances spark claims that Sussexes are in trouble [PICTURES]Boris eviscerated for failing Britons as Labour storm ahead [ANALYSIS] "That friendship is so authentic, there are dozens of photos of William and Zara together over the years, laughing and joking. "There's a time when Prince William was holding an umbrella over Zara, he's protecting her from the rain. I think he feels very protective towards her and she feels equally protective of him. "For William in particular, trust is everything so when you've got a cousin that understands what it is to be a member of the Royal Family, but they don't have the same pressures associated with it, they can be a tower of strength and support. "It's Zara's loyalty and total dedication to her family that has made her such an asset to the cousins that have had to endure the negative side of royal life."  