A Cancer Moon invites more nurturing energies, encouraging a greater focus on extending kindness and sympathy to others during these periods. It’s also a good time, while you’re feeling less spontaneous and adventurous, to invest more time in yourself. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for May 6. The Moon will spend the entirety of the day in Cancer, which means you might be drawn more towards comfort rather than satisfying any curiosities. Cafe Astrology said: "We seek familiarity, safety, and quiet. “This transit encourages us to centre ourselves and let go of overthinking. Home, family, and familiar settings or situations appeal more than usual.” As the day advances, the Sun will move into a sextile with Mars, which might relight more of an impetus for action to pursue your passions.  READ MORE: Feng shui: How to use Feng Shui in your home  Cafe Astrology said: “It’s an energising influence, particularly with ambitious or exciting new projects.” In the early morning, communication planet Mercury in Gemini will form a sextile with Venus in Aries, encouraging heightened sociability and smooth conversations. If you need to carry out any important exchanges with anyone today, make the morning your mission to do so. However, be conscious of the sensitive Cancer Moon, as it could bear an impact on your responses - especially if encounters don’t take the route you’ve planned.  Tarot.com said it will be “easy for us to approach the people we find interesting and strike up conversations with them.” However, “once we start talking, we may wind up in unexpectedly intense emotional waters, as the sensitive Moon in Cancer trines passionate Mars and then spiritual Neptune, both in Pisces.” But feeling connected and heard might be rewarding, so it’s important not to shy away from these encounters. The planet Neptune is a powerful provider of perspective, depth, and understanding.  DON'T MISS: Bad energy at home: How to cleanse your home of bad vibes [EXPLAINED]What is Feng Shui and how does it work? Expert tips revealed [INSIGHT]Interior: Avoid adding a shoe rack to your bedroom - ‘negative energy’ [ANALYSIS]    Tarot.com said: “This icy giant looms above us with an all-encompassing air of unity and peace, reminding us that we are all interconnected across time and space. “Neptune dissolves the boundaries between us, and between fantasy and reality.” When Neptune transits in Pisces, emotional states weave with connections and can create deep spaces of empathy and openness. These transits can “often lead to spiritual ideas that can help us heal and grow”, according to Tarot.com  It continues: “While Neptune moves through the sacred waters of Pisces, its home sign, its presence becomes a source of limitless compassion.” You might feel a heightened sense of satisfaction through helping people today, but Astrology.com advises to try to avoid wasting your efforts on people not ready to evolve. Embrace this quieter time before the Moon enters bold and brash Leo tomorrow morning. 