The Duchess of Cornwall is known for her impeccable wardrobe, often opting for skirt suits and colourful prints. Today was no exception as Camilla stepped out in a matching jacket and skirt combo fetauring her favourite print: tartan. The Duchess has many tartan clothes, and one of her favourite outfits includes a blue and green blazer, a matching skirt, and a white blouse underneath. This is the outfit Camilla donned today and it has particular significance because of its "optimistic" green and blue hues. Fashion expert and personal stylist Samantha Harman noted that its colours, as well as the fact Camilla wore it after it was announced she would become Queen Consort, implies the outfit represents hope and positivity. Samantha said: “In colour psychology, green signifies peace and security. “These are two things the Duchess will be wanting to convey, when we consider what’s happening with the royals lately. "As Prince Charles prepares to be King, they'll be wanting to portray the message that we are in ‘safe’ hands.” The expert added: “Green is also a colour of optimism. And, given everything that’s happening in the world right now, we want some of that.” Green and blue are also colours that suit Camilla as they "bring out her eyes", according to the stylist.  Interestingly, this skirt suit was Camilla's choice of outfit for her first appearance since being made a future Queen Consort. She wore the tartan combo on February 8 earlier this year for a visit to Roundhill Primary School in Southdown, Bath. This was only three days after Queen Elizabeth II shared her wish for Camilla to one day be Queen Consort. A statement read: "I would like to express my thanks to you all for your support. I remain eternally grateful for, and humbled by, the loyalty and affection that you continue to give me. "And when, in the fullness of time, my son Charles becomes King, I know you will give him and his wife Camilla the same support that you have given me; and it is my sincere wish that, when that time comes, Camilla will be known as Queen Consort as she continues her own loyal service." Camilla's tartan jacket has long sleeves but has a short bodice, which reaches the top of her matching skirt. It has a wide collar trimmed with velour and black buttons running down the centre. The skirt is ankle length, slightly pleated, and has two rows of frills circling the hem. Camilla paired the skirt suit with black velour heeled boots and she donned a white silk blouse underneath the jacket. The Duchess was in Manchester for a variety of events in her roles as Patron of both Eden Communities' The Big Lunch and Emmaus UK. She joined supporters, volunteers, and organisers for a Big Lunch this afternoon. This formed part of pre-Jubilee celebrations to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee year.