Nick Cave’s son Jethro has died at the age of 30, his family has confirmed in a new statement. The model’s death comes two days since he was released from prison on bail after admitting to attacking his mother. Jethro had been jailed in April for assaulting his mother, Beau Lazenby. The court heard he kneed her in the face during an argument, causing bleeding and bruising. He admitted one count of unlawful assault and breaching court orders, while other charges, including intentionally causing injury, were dropped. His lawyer, Sean Ghattas, told the court Jethro had been diagnosed with schizophrenia. READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly says Katie Hopkins is only star banned from her show His cause of death is not yet known. A statement released by the Bad Seeds frontman, 64, read: “With much sadness, I can confirm that my son, Jethro, has passed away. "We would be grateful for family privacy at this time.” Jethro, who didn't meet Nick until he was seven years old, is the musician's second son to die in seven years. Back in 2015, his son Arthur died after falling 60ft from a cliff in Ovingdean, near Brighton. The 15-year-old died from "multiple traumatic injuries due to a fall from a height”, and the pathologist told the court he had LSD in his system. Arthur was rushed to the Royal Sussex County Hospital but died that evening. An inquest at Woodvale Crematorium in Brighton heard how Arthur was seen "staggering" and "zig zagging" on his own moments before he fell off the cliff. DON'T MISS...Monty Don sparks frenzy as he announces 'perfect' new family arrivalMadonna, 63, looks younger than ever on stroll with teenage son DavidPiers Morgan left 'sad' over Dennis Waterman amid candid chat He was found lying on the ground without any shoes or socks on and members of the public tried to resuscitate him. As graphic details of his injuries were read from a post-mortem examination report, the musician and his wife Susie briefly walked out of the courtroom. At the time, Nick paid tribute to his ”beautiful, happy, loving boy”. His two surviving children include 30-year-old Luke, who he shares with his first wife, Brazilian journalist Viviane Carneiro. Nick and Viviane were married for six years and divorced in 1996. The musician also has another son named Earl, who was Arthur’s twin. He is now 21 years old and his mother is Susie Bick, Nick’s wife since 1999. In 2021, it was announced Nick would be releasing a memoir called Faith, Hope and Carnage, documenting his grief following Arthur’s death.