Over the past two years, homes have had a makeover; offices have been configured and communal spaces redesigned. Express.co.uk spoke to Alysha Alli, who heads up the interior design team at Redrow about the best design changes to make and what the hottest design trends are currently. She said: “As we move through 2022, it remains a priority to be able to separate specific areas of the home so they can fulfil their intended use effectively. “Open-plan living has proven a popular design decision for many new build properties and home renovations over the last few years. “While this layout provides ample space, perfect for families, post-pandemic living has meant this communal space is too often being shared for multiple reasons simultaneously. “With kitchen and dining spaces shapeshifting daily to home offices, the need to compartmentalise the rooms’ various purposes should not be underestimated if you are to create a healthy boundary between work and home life. READ MORE: Homes Under the Hammer buyers add £43,000 to property value “‘Broken-plan living’ is revolutionising the open-plan layout by providing simple solutions to divide the space to allow for flexible use throughout the day.” The interior design expert continued: “Often overlooked is lighting, which provides the greatest asset in helping to create a zoning effect to separate areas. “This can be done through different shades of light that illuminate or shadow various areas. “This cost-effective technique will cater to each member of the family and their needs while creating a relaxing and inviting ambience for all to enjoy. DON'T MISS...Post Office: 600 branches at risk of closure with McColl's stores [NEWS]Aldi shoppers left outraged over 'changes’ to nappies [REACTION]Kate Middleton said to love 'non-injectable’ serum to banish wrinkles [CLAIM] “For homeowners with space to spare, room dividers are also increasing in popularity, with many bookcases and wicker style screens providing a creative solution to regain boundaries between working days and relaxing evenings.” As for what’s popular this year, Alysha revealed: “With its neutral tones, grey has long been a good starting point for homeowners unsure what direction to take their interior. “Although shades of grey remain a safe foundation, the colour’s cooler nature can instantly limit an interior’s versatility, making it harder to introduce warmer, bolder colours, such as fiery ochre and mustard yellows, that will keep your interior on-trend without having to redecorate. “With homeowners spending more time in their homes than ever before, there’s a growing trend away from cooler colours in favour of warmer, cosier colours that are more welcoming to create a snug retreat.  “Opting for a bold or vibrant colour, particularly in a home office, can introduce an element of fun into the space and provide a visual reminder of happiness that is both energising and engaging when compared with an uninspiring shade of grey,” she added. “Earthy tones, such as sage greens and warm caramel, create a sense of calm and can cultivate feelings of nostalgia while providing a more adaptable base colour where richer colour tones may be easily introduced. “These inviting colours reflect a wider move away from interiors looking ‘Instagram ready’, towards a more realistic and lived-in environment that remains welcoming and on-trend thanks to a flexible and softer base colour.” Redrow was established in 1974 and today is one of the most successful and acclaimed homebuilders in the country. Over Redrow’s history, spanning more than 45 years, it has earned a unique reputation for quality, building beautiful homes and creating a better way to live. Alysha, who heads up Redrow’s in-house interior design team, has over nine years’ industry experience working in the field of interior design. With a well-trained eye for well-crafted internal layouts, quality, craftsmanship, textiles and furnishings, Alysha continues to be recognised for her timeless style and designs that remain ahead of trend.