Chaotic forecasting models have sparked warnings the weather through the rest of May will change ‘from day to day, or even hour to hour’. The mercury will rocket into the high 20Cs during mid-week although Atlantic weather fronts will unleash torrents of rainfall. Violent thunderstorms have sparked warnings for flash flooding while early indications reveal temperatures plunging by the weekend. John Hammond, meteorologist for Weathertrending, said: “It is going to be an interesting week of weather, and the story will change from day to day or even hour to hour. “Warmth is being suggested for some of us, but despite warm humid air pulsing up from Europe, with that air will come the chance of some thundery rain. “Further east there will be some warm sunshine and here will see the peak of the heat with temperatures in the mid-20Cs and possibly the high-20Cs across parts of south-eastern England.” Forecasters admit they are pulling their hair out keeping up with widely fluctuating predictions. Weather models hint at a cooler spell arriving by the weekend as turbulent Atlantic low-pressure systems threaten heavy rain. Mr Hammond added: “After mid-week it looks like the Atlantic win out with fronts pushing their way eastwards pushing the heat out of the way and there could be some nasty thunderstorms at times before the cooler air arrives across all areas as we end the week. “There will be some impactful rain through the week ahead, and there are warnings in force. “Farmers will be pleased as there will be some rain and some of that will be persistent and heavy. “But this is not turning out to be a particularly good spell of weather for weather forecasters.” The Met Office has this week already issued several thunderstorm warnings with more possible amid forecasts of further explosive outbreaks. Western Britain will bear the brunt of stormy weather over the next 24 hours while temperatures in the east could hit the high-20Cs. Much of the UK will be putting up umbrellas by Wednesday with Atlantic weather fronts threatening a near-nationwide deluge. Met Office meteorologist Becky Mitchell said: “Through the start of the week low pressure tries to push weather fronts into the west where we will see some heavy rain. “Further east we hang on to high pressure and temperatures could reach the mid- to high 20Cs on Tuesday. “By Wednesday that rain will have spread across most parts of the country and there will be a risk of thunderstorms.” Forecasters agree Britain will see a mixed bag of heat, rain and thunder this week before temperatures drop. The chaotic weather will change day to day plunging meteorologists into a forecasting ‘nightmare’, according to Jim Dale of British Weather Services. He said: “This is really a balancing effect from the very settled conditions we saw in April. “Now we are seeing the other side of the story, with the weather throwing everything at us through the next week or beyond. “We have unstable air coming up from the Continent, and with the power of the sun at this time of year, when that air hits colder air crossing the channel and in situ over parts of the UK, it triggers this sort of weather. “It shows the potential of changing from day to day or even hour to hour, and while it is looking warm through much of the week, there are signs of something cooler at the weekend.” Weather models show ground temperatures hitting 26C on Tuesday before nosediving to single figures this weekend in the north. Mr Dale, meteorologist and author of Weather Or Not? added: “This sort of weather set up always proves a nightmare for forecasters.” Temperatures rocket from today (netweather)