Jamie Redknapp joked he would ‘knock out’ Micah Richards as the Manchester City icon danced with the club’s players live on television following their Premier League title win. City celebrated on the Etihad Stadium pitch after a remarkable 3-2 comeback victory over Aston Villa earned a fourth top-flight triumph in five years. As City continued the title celebrations on the pitch, former defender Richards danced with outgoing midfielder Fernandinho. The ex-England man also joined in with a chant dedicated to former team-mates Yaya and Kolo Toure. It was at that point that Sky Sports colleague Redknapp quipped to presenter Dave Jones: “I think if he wasn’t so big, I’d maybe try and knock him out!” Meanwhile, Manchester United icon Roy Keane watched on awkwardly as City celebrated around him. “You’re loving this aren’t you, Roy?” Jones sarcastically remarked to Keane. JUST IN: Man Utd hero Neville twists knife in Liverpool wounds with Fergie joke  The Irishman joked back: “Yeah, it’s absolutely fantastic. I’m loving it!” City came from behind to defeat Villa in a dramatic final round of Premier League fixtures. Pep Guardiola’s side led Liverpool by a point heading into the final day and ideally needed to beat the Villans, who are managed by former Reds midfielder Steven Gerrard. Goals by Ollie Watkins and another ex-Liverpool man, Philippe Coutinho, put Villa ahead. At the time, Liverpool were still drawing 1-1 with Wolves. But an Ilkay Gundogan brace and a Rodri thunderbolt sealed an incredible turnaround. It was just as well, too, as Liverpool ended up beating Wolves 3-1 thanks to late goals by Mohamed Salah and Andy Robertson. “The last game is special, a lot of emotion. [The team] gave everything, the moment we got the goal, changing everything,” Guardiola told Sky Sports after watching his players lift the trophy. DON'T MISS...Liverpool ratings: Sadio Mane and Mo Salah shine in Wolves winMan City clinch Premier League with dramatic comeback as Liverpool winLiverpool star Thiago produces ridiculous 'illegal' assist vs Wolves  “We are playing in a non-normal circumstance. After the second goal from Coutinho it was really difficult. Gundogan is the best runner in second [midfield] positions that we have. He’s the best.” He added: “Wow. We are legends. When you win in this country, four times in five years, is because these guys are so good. First one 100 points, second one in Brighton, the third without people and this one with people the best.” Midfielder Kevin de Bruyne, who did excellently to set up Gundogan’s winner, insisted City were not focused on Liverpool’s game. He said: “After 2-1 we switched. You’re doubting yourself. You’re losing anyway, you want to change the situation. We created more chances before the second goal. It is what it is. “I knew it was 1-1 at half time [in the Liverpool game] but after that I wasn’t quite sure. Even then, we looked at ourselves, you see how we tried to change the situation ourselves. We didn’t want to look at Liverpool. “It’s so different. We tried to keep as calm as possible. Two-one just changed the whole situation for me. The stadium changes, the atmosphere [changes].” 