Several scientific studies show that the proportion of men suffering from erectile function disorders would be higher among those who have recently contracted COVID-19. According to the studies, Covid patients may be at greater risk of developing erectile dysfunction since the virus can affect the cardiovascular system. However, the scientists stress that other factors associated with the pandemic, such as stress, could also explain the symptom. Dr. Ranjith Ramasamy, director of reproductive urology at the University of Miami’s Desai Sethi Urology Institute, investigated the issue along with his colleagues. They found that the risk of erectile dysfunction is increased by 20 percent after a patient contracts Covid. Dr Ramasamy initially thought that an increase in patients with erectile dysfunction coming to see him was due to stress related to the pandemic, but then he reconsidered. He told the New York Times: “We dismissed it, thinking it was all psychological or stress-induced.” “Six months after the initial infection, patients had gotten better overall, but they continued to complain of these problems.’’ These problems included both erectile dysfunction and low sperm counts. Another expert in endocrinology and medical sexology of the Tor Vergata University in Rome suggested a strong link between erectile dysfunction and Covid. In his study, Dr. Emmanuele Jannini, compared men who had been ill with Covid with those who had not, and found that those who had been infected were nearly six times as likely to report impotence as those who had avoided the coronavirus. Dr Jannini said: “Communicating that the disease can affect your sexual life is a tremendously powerful message. “The evidence is very strong.” Apparently, Covid interferes with men’s erections as it affects the cardiovascular system. Dr. T. Mike Hsieh, director of the men’s health center at University of California, San Diego, explained: “Our entire vascular system is connected — it’s not an isolated penis problem. “The artery for the penis is one-tenth the size of a coronary artery, and when you have a narrower vessel, whether it’s a plumbing problem or a vascular problem, it will show up there first, even before you see it in a larger artery.