The most common ant in the UK is the black ant, which tend to invade homes and get into food items. With warmer weather on its way and ant colonies looking for somewhere to nest, it is important to keep ants away from your property. One expert has shared top tips to help Britons keep the pests at bay. Mark Smithson, CEO of nationwide electrical appliance experts, Marks Electrical, said: “Lemons are a great option. “Once the entry point is identified, grab some lemon peel and place it there. “Ants don’t like the bitter smell and it will therefore act as a natural deterrent for ants. “It’ll keep them away.” READ MORE: Oven cleaning: How to clean oven door glass under 5 minutes - ‘cheap’ Lemons have an acidic oil which is toxic to ants and it disrupts the scent trails they leave for other ants. It won’t kill ants but it will help deter them from taking up residence. Mark continued: “Due to containing calcium carbonate, chalk is also a good item to use in preventing ants around the kitchen. “Where you may have identified entry points for ants, you can spray powdered chalk around the entrance.” DON'T MISS:Phil Spencer ‘born and bred’ in the Kent countryside [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘21p hack’ to get microwaves ‘sparkling’ [EXPLAINER]Interiors: What you should and shouldn't have in the bedroom [INSIGHT] Like lemons, the calcium carbonate interferes with their scent trail. Stick chalk can also be used where Britons can draw around their doors. Working similarly, the expert also suggested trying salt. He said: “Salt is a good option and readily available in most people’s homes. “Table salt is fine and you can mix in a good amount of hot water and using a spray bottle, cover any entry points around the kitchen and home. “Ants also dislike the smell of peppermint. “You can grab peppermint oil from most homeware stores and pharmacies. “Mix around 10 to 15 drops into a mug of water. If adding to a spray bottle like the salt, spray this in the problem areas. Repeat this regularly.” Ants also do not like the smell of tea tree, pepper or eucalyptus. Homeowners can also mix equal parts of baking soda with icing sugar to get rid of ants permanently from entering their properties. Pour the mixture into a shallow container or bowl and place it near where the ants are invading. The icing sugar will attract the ants to the mixture and they will take it back to their nests and eat it. The baking soda will kill ants and stop them from returning.