The 25-year-old man was pulled unconscious from the water near the famous Bolulla Waterfall on Monday. The tourist hotspot is close to a popular beauty site called the Fuentes del Algar, just a half-hour drive north of Benidorm, Alicante. The site has been the scene of four tragedies this spring. Emergency services received reports of the incident shortly after 7pm, and a helicopter with firefighters, police and paramedics was deployed to the site near the village of Bolulla, close to the town of Callosa d’En Sarria. Efforts to revive the casualty failed and he was pronounced dead at the scene. Local reports said witnesses had tried to save him by performing CPR on him before professionals arrived to take over. READ MORE: Jet2 Benidorm package holiday disaster as man almost dies catching disease Police sources said on Tuesday morning they believed the man was British but were still waiting for official confirmation. One said: "He was swimming and was swept away by the current." The Algar Waterfalls are described as a "fantastic day trip" for holidaymakers staying in the main Costa Blanca coastal resorts on travel websites, with firms offering guided tours to the area. However, firefighters have advised against descents in the Abdet and Belulla ravines due to high water and current levels brought by recent heavy rains. The tragedy in the area takes the death toll in the last month at or around the same spot to four. Two people who visited the waterfall as part of a group of six were killed on April 8 after being swept away by the current following heavy rains. One of the casualties was a tour guide. DON'T MISSSchoolboy 14, raped in toilet near Bournemouth Pier [REPORT]Flight attendant shares 'genius' hack to carry extra bag for free [INSIGHT]Dog breeds most likely to be targeted by snatchers [WARNING] On April 17, a hiker drowned after falling down the same waterfall. Bolulla mayor Adrian Martinez said after the first three people lost their lives in two separate incidents: "What we have seen here are examples of rashness. "The river has become swollen with heavy rains and people have gone in despite that and we can’t control everything they do." He stressed some visitors were accessing the area where lives had been lost through privately-owned plots of land or ignoring signs of warning. Speaking before the latest tragedy, he said: "In the two accidents where three people died the same thing happened. "They fell in the area where the Bolulla waterfall is and there's a sort of turbine effect there and the people who fall get trapped in the water." Visitors looking to do more than just swim around in the rock pools below the waterfalls are advised to wear hiking boots to negotiate the hills and walkways around the Bolulla and Algar Rivers.