Camilla and Prince Charles are set to visit Canada later this month. This is for a three-day royal tour in celebration of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. The royal couple will travel to Newfoundland and Labrador before going to Ottawa.  On the last day, they will be in the Northwest Territories to visit Yellowknife and Dettah. Today, they visited Canada House in preparation for this tour. The royal couple met members of the Canadian community in the UK. They also received a salute from members of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police.  READ MORE: Frazzled': Kate Middleton 'un-regal' at Pippa's wedding What was their body language like? Judi James, a body language expert, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to analyse the couple from today’s outing. She said: “There’s no sense of Charles and Camilla being a finely-tuned double act in this latest appearance, or in previous outings as a couple. “Charles does his own thing and Camilla is left very much to her own devices here.  “She is looking awkward and like a bit of a spare part as she walks behind her husband,” the expert claimed. Has Camilla always looked like “a spare part” since marrying into the Royal Family? Judi explained: “Camilla has never managed the skill of looking relaxed in public and Charles seems in no mood to help her. “As he gets engrossed in conversation with their hosts, Camilla waves her bouquet of flowers in a rather awkward-looking gesture before following Charles in a rather submissive-looking ritual.  “If Camilla is to be Queen then there might need to be some form of symmetry between them in terms of their body language. “But at present, Charles seems to leave her hanging in the wind rather a lot. “With her profile being mainly about support and flattery, she might need some support of her own in terms of appearing as a Queen in her own right.” The Duchess paid tribute to the nation she is about to visit by wearing a red wooden dress by Bruce Oldfield. During their engagement, Charles and Camilla spoke with High Commissioner for Canada in the UK Ralph Goodale and his wife Pamela.  They also sat down to sign the guest book and posed for a picture with Canadian flags behind them. Between May 17 and 19, Charles and Camilla will travel more than 2,000 miles from Newfoundland and Labrador to the Northwest Territories. This delicate visit will also feature a "solemn moment of reflection and prayer" at Heart Garden on the grounds of Government House. Joined by indigenous leaders and community members, Charles and Camilla will pay tribute to indigenous victims of the residential school system which saw thousands die or abused. 