Series 11 of Vera was put on hold due to the coronavirus pandemic, meaning ITV bosses had to spread out when the episodes would air. The first two instalments were shown last year and were followed by the second two which aired in January 2022. The final episodes are expected to be broadcast later this year. In the meantime, fans have raised an issue with one of the instalments. One eagle-eyed fan spotted a potential blunder towards the end of episode four which was titled As the Crow Flies. The episode concluded with leading lady Vera getting into her iconic Land Rover. However, one fan believed it was Brenda's stunt double getting into the jeep, rather than DCI Stanhope herself. Taking to social media at the time, Claire Skipp asked: "At the end of tonight’s episode 16/01, is that really you driving off or is it a stunt person? I said it’s you he says no, can you settle this please?" READ MORE: 'Disgusted' BBC Breakfast sparks uproar over Russian news coverage Brenda was quick to respond to her follower, and she simply replied: "It's Vera." While the actress didn't confirm or deny whether it was actually her, the DCI Stanhope star's followers were loving her reply. Colette Murphy tweeted: "We had a similar discussion." "Lol I love this answer," Claire penned as Claire Louise Oliver added: "Clever answer!" While Elizabeth Brown added: "I thought so too as she likes to do things her self in all past things." (sic). Vera fans were left disappointed when the final two episodes of series 11 weren't broadcast. Despite the criticism over the wait, Brenda did give an exciting update during an appearance on This Morning. The actress explained to Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield that the final episodes would air this year, but she wasn't sure when. DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow expert blown away by 'most expensive glasses' [VIDEO]Lorraine Kelly hits out at ‘really distasteful’ imitation [NEWS]Death in Paradise star 'cried' after getting rejected from role [INSIGHT] She went on to share that filming for series 12 was due to begin in Newcastle. “We’ve got two more episodes of the current series of Vera,” Holly began as she held up a DVD of the show. “We’ve got episodes one, two, three and four,” the host continued as Brenda replied: “Yes, they are out now. “There will be another one with five and six at some point.”   “Are you still loving it?” Phillip asked as the actress replied: “Yeah, yeah, it is great. “I love the North East and the people are just fabulous up there and the crew are very loyal and the cast are all the same. “It’s the same as on Kate and Koji, it’s like a family.” Vera is expected to air on ITV later this year.