Drivers who plan on visiting the Highlands have been warned to check their handbrakes after a campervan plummeted 100ft from Glencoe car park. The National Trust for Scotland (NTS) shared a shocking image showing an overturned campervan laying in the middle of one of the valleys. The vehicle rolled off the edge of the nearby Three Sisters viewpoint car park. The campervan caused “considerable” damage, according to the Daily Record. And now, the NTS, which has looked after the Glencoe National Nature Reserve since 1935, issued an urgent handbrake warning to tourists. Taking to social media the trust said: “Something you don't encounter every day... "Always double-check your handbrake (though this may have been a faulty one)." READ MORE: Driver beats UK record after receiving the most parking fines The organisation also confirmed that no one was injured in the incident. But, the vehicle did cause some serious damage to the landscape. Many people took to the comments section to express their shock. One person wrote: “So devastated for everyone involved. No one does that deliberately and just so glad no one got hurt. A sad lesson for us all." DON'T MISS 'Another tax on the motorist': Drivers furious at 20mph speed cameras [INSIGHT] Drivers plead for UK 'van plan' to move millions to electric vehicles [REVEAL] Drivers warned as Tyre Extinguishers vow to target more cars [WARNING] A second added: "Glad no one got hurt. I always park in gear just in case my handbrake ever fails." Others weren’t so understanding. One user wrote: "Muppets - I'm allowed to say this because it happened to us also: dropping a car off the banks of the Colorado River in Arizona. We were muppets too. "Good no one was injured!" While another commented: "Quite careful and considerate parking by campervan standards." Motorists have been urged by experts at Drive Ahead to regularly check their handbrakes. The experts also provided a step-by-step guide on how this can be done. They said: ”To check the handbrake, you should firstly press firmly on the footbrake. “This will ensure that the car doesn’t move whilst you’re performing the check. “Then all you need to do is release the handbrake, then reapply it, ensuring that it is secure and does not come to the end of the working travel. “All we mean by ‘not coming to the end of the working travel’ is that the handbrake does not come too far up. “You can then release the footbrake.” The experts added that regular checks are vital to ensure that the car remains secure when the driver intends it to be. Drive Ahead experts warned: “Failure to check the handbrake may mean that one day, you park on a hill, then return to find your car not where you expect it, possibly having rolled back into a nice, expensive car behind!” Motorists should check their handbrakes weekly. But daily checks are also advised. The experts said: “Every time you drive you will need to use your handbrake, so you might as well check it regularly.”