Grease and grime have a nasty habit of appearing on oven racks, which means they should be cleaned at least every three months. Even those who use their oven sparingly will still have an accumulation of residue after a few months. But putting off cleaning the oven will only delay the inevitable, and make the job much tougher when it comes time to do it. Cleaning guru Bren, the voice behind lifestyle blog Bren Did, has shared how homeowners can use a simple solution of baking soda and water over harsh chemicals to clean their oven racks. She said: “Oven racks seem to mysteriously collect grease and grim: one day they’re bright and shiny stainless steel, the next they are covered in splotchy black and brown stains that are nearly impossible to remove. “The best oven rack cleaner is the simplest: soak them overnight in baking soda and water then wipe clean. “Baking soda makes a great oven cleaner. “It’s cheap, won’t damage metal surfaces, and has great cleaning power without harmful chemicals. READ MORE: Oven cleaning: ‘Easiest way’ to properly clean ‘greasy’ oven racks “Baking soda breaks down the grease, food proteins, and stains found on dirty oven racks. “Water softens grime and baked on food particles so they can be easily wiped away.” Baking soda, also known as bicarbonate of soda, can be picked up at a relatively affordable price from most shops and supermarkets. Tesco, for example, sells a unit of baking soda for £1.40 while Lidl’s prices are cheaper still at 59p. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: ‘Most effective’ way to clean washing machine drawers [EXPERT]Gardening: ‘Easy’ ways to grow ‘sweet and juicy’ strawberries [INSIGHT]Cleaning: ‘Cheapest’ way to clean washing machine seals - ‘amazing!’ [TIPS] To achieve great results when cleaning oven racks, just use the following set of instructions. Bren explained that the first step is to fill a tub with “several inches of hot water”. This should be just enough to completely cover the racks. One to three cups of baking soda should then be added to the tub. More or less can be used, depending on the size of the tub. Plus, the more water you have equates to more baking soda that will be needed. Once the baking soda has been added, you can swirl the mixture together until the powder has dissolved. The oven racks can then be placed in the tub. Bren suggests adding “a bit more hot water” if racks are not completely covered. Leave the racks to soak for at least eight hours. This can easily be done overnight. After, with a clean rag, sponge, or stainless steel pad, wipe the racks down, removing any tough spots that still remain. When the racks have been cleaned, rinse and dry them before placing them back in the oven. Baking soda is the name commonly used for sodium bicarbonate (NaHCO3), a white crystalline powder used to leaven or raise baked goods. It is a great green cleaning ingredient because it is alkaline based, which helps break down grease and food which are generally acidic. It also softens water (raise the pH) for better cleaning and neutralises odour causing acids. A combination of baking soda and white vinegar can also be effective at cleaning your oven racks.