Princess Anne will attend the Royal Windsor Horse Show tonight to watch the Platinum pageant in celebration of the Queen’s Jubilee. The Princess Royal will join the audience on the grounds of Windsor Castle to witness the dazzling theatrical reenactment of royal history. 1,500 performers, 500 horses and a celeb-clad line-up, including Ant and Dec, Dame Helen Mirren and Tom Cruise, will take to the arena for the 90-minute performance. As a former professional horse rider, Anne is expected to embrace the competition. While the Princess Royal is now known for her commitment to her role as a working royal, she was once recognised as a royal equestrian champion. The princess debuted in public competition aged 11, was the first royal to take part in the Olympic Games and even competed in the Royal Windsor Horse Show. However, Anne had to give up on her equestrian career prematurely in order to fully dedicate her time to her public duties. Now, aged 71, she has proven herself as a dedicated member of the Royal Family and has earned the accolade of “hardest working royal”. Throughout the decades of public outings, Anne has also been praised for her timeless and elegant style. Samantha Harman, fashion expert and personal stylist, hailed the princess as “one of the most underestimated royals when it comes to style”. Similar to her mother, Anne does not feel the need to make a big splash when it comes to her fashion choices, and instead opts for classic silhouettes, monochromatic outfits and sensible footwear. She approaches fashion in the same way she does her royal duties, not flashy but determined to do everything just right. Ms Harmant said: “Princess Anne is probably one of the most underestimated royals when it comes to style. “Sometimes we can look back through the archive at a celebrity's wardrobe and think 'wow! Their style has changed so much’. But Anne’s style is ‘classic Anne’. “There isn't some big ‘makeover’ or ‘change’ in her style over the last 50 years – you can see this is the same woman, with a strong sense of who she is. “There are lots of elements in her outfits that transcend time and trends, from the 1970s to today.” While the personal stylist claimed Anne “is a good example of someone who re-wears items, buys classic shapes,” she also said that the princess is not “afraid to try new things.” In December, the Princess Royal stepped out in knee-high tassel boots, a particularly modern choice for the veteran royal. Ms Harman commented on her look, saying: “Considering she is 71, it’s great to see that Princess Anne isn't afraid to try new trends or looks. DON'T MISS Queen shares heartbreaking statement after UAE Royal Family death [REPORT] Royal Family LIVE: 'Serious alarm' Harry and Meghan over Charles photo [LIVE UPDATES] Royal POLL: Do you support Queen as ‘Zoom monarch’? [POLL] “We would usually expect to see her in a riding boot, so the fringing is an interesting twist. “So many women get caught up on the idea that you have to stick to the same things as you get older, but this isn't true at all. “I think this is a great example of how to incorporate something new into your look. “Take your classic items – the coat has been in Anne's wardrobe for a number of years – and add a new accessory or a little twist. “The look is still signature ‘Anne’ but shows her personality.” As a proud outfit repeater, Anne had a sustainable approach to style long before sustainability became a fashion buzzword. The Princess Royal was recently pictured wearing the same garment more than once during her Royal Tour of Australia and Papua New Guinea to mark the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. Anne wore her double-breasted, navy blazer twice in one week, a move that is unprecedented in the world of Royal Tours, particularly when it comes to female members of the Firm. Just weeks before, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge staged a week-long fashion show during her and Prince William’s tour of the Caribbean, with a meticulously thought out wardrobe to not only deliver style but also meet the demands and social politics of the occasion. Ms Harman advised “taking a leaf out of Anne’s book” by recycling past outfits. She said: “Over the last decade or so, our consumption of fashion has accelerated to insane levels. “We buy five times as many clothes now as we did in the 1980s. “For a while, it was ‘uncool’ to re-wear things, and we can order a new dress with the click of a button for a few pounds. “But, I think we can all take a leaf out of Anne's book and look after and re-wear our clothes.”