Reclaim Party’s deputy leader Martin Daubney erupted at a Times report titled “migrants sent to Linton-on-Ouse in Yorkshire despite residents’ anger”. The report says the Home Office will move at least 50 migrants into an asylum seeker centre in a North Yorkshire village by the end of May “despite huge local opposition”. The news infuriated Mr Daubney who says working-class communities will once more bear the brunt of immigration. Speaking on GB News, Mr Daubney said: "It’s working-class communities, rural areas like this, strongly voters, and safe conservative seats. "I think politically this is a huge story. "It’s one we must keep talking about because we’re spending 5 million pounds a day on hotels alone in the UK. "And the answer is to try and take back control of our borders we’ve been voting for repeatedly at every election since Brexit onward. "And instead, we’re finding communities like Linton-On-Ouse being dumped on." Up to 500 migrants will be welcomed at The Royal Air Force Station in its first year, according to the Times’ report. The station can accommodate 1,500 people in the 750-resident village of Linton-On-Ouse. Mr Daubney continued: "It’s a small village of 750 occupants, which has found itself without any process of public consultation whatsoever the recipient of 1500 strong migrant processing centre on the tissues of Airfield. "And they’re rightly concerned about this." READ MORE: Not going to happen!' People smugglers reassuring migrants  "They weren’t consulted.They weren’t said a word on the matter. And the occupants will be free to walk around the village. "There’s a 10 pm curfew. They’re rightly saying: What about safety? What about crime? "These are very ordinary concerns. And I think this is indicative of the work at reclaim policy into where the asylum seekers are actually sent. "And it’s into the four corners of Britain." The Reclaim Party, dubbed UKIP for culture, overtly promotes anti-immigration policies. It has no seats in local government. "It’s an important story to keep focusing on", Mr Daubney said. DON'T MISS: Patel slammed over plan to house 1,500 asylum seekers in village [REPORT]Express letters: Surely the outrage over boat migrants is justified [LETTER]Priti Patel's migration plan set for remarkable results says new study [REPORT] "As we’re obsessed with the cost-of-living crisis quite rightly, illegal immigration – the huge arrivals into the country – is something that is omnipresent", Mr Daubney added. "In fact, when Priti Patel threw out the red meat of Rwanda, which I think was designed to distract, it’s going to be on work. "But in fact, on the same page of today’s Times, Boris Johnson’s own refugee minister has refused to endorse the Rwanda policy. "Meanwhile, people who arrive at the coastal ports of Britain are quietly foisted upon communities much further afield. "And Linton-On-Ouse in Yorkshire, it’s a classic example of what’s going on here."