In his Spring Statement, Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced the Household Support Fund will be doubled “to help the most vulnerable households with rising costs”. It was extended to help families on low income deal with the soaring cost of living. The fund is to be distributed via local councils across England to give out to the needy. When the first fund was announced, almost £500million went to England. Mr Sunak said on March 23: “The Government is also providing an additional £500million for the Household Support Fund from April, on top of the £500million already provided since October 2021, bringing total funding to £1billion.” The fund was set to end in April but is being extended by six more months. The extension will run to the end of September 2022, following on directly from the previous funding. READ MORE: Make your money ‘last forever’ - Simple tips for sustainable retirement income  The DWP previously issued guidance to the council and other local authorities on the support grant categories they can offer. FoodThe fund can support with food whether in kind or through vouchers or cash. Energy bills and water billsCash from the Household Support Fund can also be used to provide help with energy bills for any form of fuel used for domestic heating, cooking or lighting, including oil or portable gas cylinders. It can also be used to help with water bills including for drinking, washing, cooking, and sanitary purposes and sewerage. Energy and water essentialsThe fund can be used to provide support with essentials linked to energy and water, including sanitary products, warm clothing, soap, blankets, boiler service/repair, and purchase of equipment including fridges, freezers, and ovens. Other household essentialsThe fund can also be used to support wider essential needs not linked to energy and water should authorities consider this appropriate in their area. These may include (but are not limited to) support with other bills including broadband or phone bills, clothing, and essential transport-related costs such as repairing a car, buying a bicycle or paying for fuel. Where eligible, ongoing housing support for rent must be provided through the housing cost element of Universal Credit and Housing Benefit (HB) rather than the Household Support Fund. In addition, eligibility for Discretionary Housing Payments (DHPs) must first be considered before emergency housing support is offered through the Household Support Fund. The authority must also first consider whether the claimant is at statutory risk of homelessness and therefore owed a duty of support through the Homelessness Prevention Grant (HPG).