After a few months, you may notice some of the towels in your regular bathroom rotation begin to lose their just-bought fluffy feel, leaving dry, scratchy towelling material in its place. The obvious thought might be to chuck them in the laundry with an extra dose of fabric softener for good measure. However, fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch have warned against this and instead recommended using an item many will have in their kitchen cupboard. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to get her towels soft again. Sandra Mcgrann wrote: “Any tips on how to get towels soft again?” When first using towels, they can be fluffy and absorbent, but can quickly lose this if they are being washed the wrong way. Mrs Hinch fans explained that fabric softener should “never” be used when washing towels. READ MORE: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share hack to achieve the ‘softest’ towels Cheryl Kennedy said: “Never use fabric softener.” Annie Bruce commented: “Fabric conditioner coats the towels in wax and clogs up machines.” Kim Sansoni added: “Do not use fabric softener or dryer sheets. They coat the fibres and your towels are less absorbent.” The waxy residue fabric softener leaves behind can actually make the fibres stiffer over time and affect the drying performance, making them less absorbent. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: I used a 13p fruit to remove limescale from my kettle [INSIGHT]‘Effective’ ways to get rid of mice in homes with natural scents [EXPERT]Gardening tips: ‘Best time of day’ to water your garden plants [TIPS] Instead, cleaning enthusiasts suggested using white vinegar for “super fluffy” results. Lilly Young suggested: “Replace softener with white vinegar when washing hardy towels, it makes them super fluffy.” Kirsty Davis commented: “Wash in white vinegar instead of detergent. It not only cleans the towels but also cleans the machine.” Marghani Joan replied: “I wash in white vinegar on hot wash with no detergent, it does the trick.” Susan Rayner wrote: “I stopped using fabric softener a year ago. Towels are fluffier as I use white vinegar in the machine. “It’s better for clothes, the environment and your washing machine. No odour left behind and no black deposits in the dispenser drawer.” Trish Barrett added: “My towels were like sandpaper before I used white vinegar and now they couldn’t be softer.” The acetic acid in the vinegar helps to break down excess detergent and build-up in the towel fibres. This tends to reduce the absorbency of towels initially and will help them stay nice and fluffy. White vinegar can be picked up from Tesco for as little as 29p. This kitchen staple can be used to clean multiple different areas of the home, including to clean surfaces. It can be used on glass, stainless steel as well as to help remove stains from laundry.