The Platinum Jubilee events, marking the Queen's 70-year reign, will take place over a four-day bank holiday on June 2 to 5. The BBC's 75-minute film, Elizabeth: The Unseen Queen, shows the baby Princess being pushed in a pram by her mother, the then Duchess of York, and reveals behind-the-scenes footage from her first ever trip abroad, a tour of South Africa with her parents King George VI and Queen Elizabeth and her sister Princess Margaret.  Filmmakers searched through 400 reels of film which have been held privately by the Royal Collection Trust in the vaults of the British Film Institute. The unique documentary shows the Queen as a child, a young girl and a mother in the lead up to her Coronation and tells the story of her life in her own words, drawn from some 300 of her speeches. Other rare moments include her grandfather George V, known to The Queen as “Grandpa England”, sailing with The Queen Mother off the Isle of Wight in 1931, and footage of Princess Elizabeth with her uncle Prince George, The Duke of Kent, who tragically died in a plane crash in 1942 while on active service - and a poignant glimpse of the Royal Family at Balmoral in 1951, The King’s last visit there. According to the news report, in the documentary Her Majesty will be seen showing off her engagement ring during Prince Philip's first extended stay at Balmoral in 1946, before their engagement had been publicly announced, and as a young mother to Prince Charles and Princess Anne, along with her own parents the King and Queen as doting grandparents.  Simon Young, the BBC's Commissioning Editor for History says: “This documentary is an extraordinary glimpse into a deeply personal side of the Royal Family that is rarely seen, and it's wonderful to be able to share it with the nation as we mark her Platinum Jubilee.” The monarch will be joined on June 2 only by “members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties”, Buckingham Palace said. The Queen, 96, plans to attend some Jubilee events, the palace said. The Queen will travel by car instead of a ceremonial coach to the national service of thanksgiving celebrating the Platinum Jubilee and will use a shortcut to her seat to ensure her comfort.  READ MORE: Prince Charles to put his foot down and snub Eugenie's royal claim St Paul's Cathedral will host the service on the second day of the extended Bank Holiday weekend marking the 70-year reign of the Queen. The head of state, 96, who has mobility issues and sometimes walks with the aid of a stick, will not arrive by the Great West Door, at the top of a flight of steps, but by another entrance. A large number of members of the Royal Family are expected to attend the service on Friday June 3. The service will see one of the country's largest bells, the Great Paul, rung during the service - the first time it will have been heard at a royal occasion.  DON'T MISS:Forecasters warn 40% chance Britain to be battered by storm Charlene warms hearts as Princess spotted with children at sports eventZelensky issues war red lines ahead of crunch talks with Putin The event will feature a new anthem by Judith Weir, Master of the Queen's Music, that sets to music words from the third Chapter of the Book of Proverbs.