Cleaning the home can be extremely time-consuming and so any quick and easy hacks circulating on social media often go viral. This includes the recent tile cleaning tip which involves pouring bleach into the crevices of tiling, turning grout fillings bright white. However, before cleaning fans hop on this trend, Deyan Dimitrov, laundry expert and the CEO of Laundryheap, wants that this method can create a hazardous environment in your home. He explained: “Pure bleach is not designed for these surfaces and pouring an unregulated amount onto your tiling can cause more damage than good, dissolving your grout and even discolouring your tiles. “Leaving bleach on your tiling for too long may even dislodge certain tiles, causing leaks and even foundational damage if left unchecked. “Washing large amounts of bleach down your drains can also create toxic wastewater, which can damage the ecosystems that it drains out to. “Bleach is also highly toxic, if not diluted property, its fumes can be hazardous to your health, particularly for those with asthma. READ MORE: How to ‘protect’ your garden from foxes without causing harm - tips “If protection such as gloves and shoes aren’t worn, you may encounter rashes, irritation or even chemical burns on any exposed skin.” While the laundry expert advised against this particular cleaning trend, he said that bleach can still be used as a good grout cleaner. Deyan said the bleach must be used in “moderation”. He added: “For those with particularly stained and mouldy tiles, it can be safe to scrub them with a small amount of diluted bleach and an old toothbrush, before washing off the mixture with hot water. DON'T MISS:Monty Don shares ‘classic symptoms’ of an ‘overwatered’ houseplant [EXPERT]‘Take action now’ to keep grass in ‘tip top condition’ all summer [COMMENT]Easy way to identify your soil type to create a 'healthy' garden [EXPLAINER] “A handy and less toxic alternative to bleach is diluted vinegar. “I would advise creating a solution of three cups of water, a quarter cup of distilled white vinegar and half a cup of baking soda. “Scrub this mixture across your tiling, either with a toothbrush or a scrubbing brush, before washing thoroughly with boiling water.” Again Deyan recommended diluting with enough water to avoid it becoming too toxic. For grout that is only slightly discoloured, the expert said replacing the diluted vinegar or bleach with a squirt of lemon juice can also do the trick. This tends to be a “safer” option as it is less toxic and “works as a natural whitener”. To carry out the cleaning job safely, Deyan suggested using gloves. He explained: “Make sure you always wear gloves when handling acidic solutions. “Even if you’re using a brush with a relatively long handle, acidic fumes may still cause skin irritation, it’s better to be safe than sorry. “Regardless of the solution you use on your tiling, the safest way to avoid any damage, to yourself or to your home, is to scrub the surface thoroughly with your mixture, before immediately rinsing with boiling water. “You want to make sure that you don’t miss any spots, as this will prevent leftover residue from continuing to corrode your grout and tiling, long after you’ve finished cleaning.” To maintain tiles, Deyan recommended wiping floor and wall tiles every few weeks. However, grout doesn’t need to be cleaned as regularly and scrubbing it with an acidic solution too often could cause permanent damage. The expert added: “I would recommend cleaning your grout every few weeks, or when it has visibly darkened and begins developing dark spots of mould. “To add a pleasant, natural smell to your tiling, you can add drops of essential oils to your scrubbing mixture. “I would recommend adding 20 drops of lemon-scented essential oil for best results, but you could also opt for lavender, mint, or pine scented drops.”