The Apprentice star Karren Brady has hit out at Keir Starmer, accusing him of having double standards for himself versus prime minister Boris Johnson over lockdown breaches. Mr Starmer is awaiting to hear whether he will be fined by the police over ‘beergate’, in which case he has said he would step down as Labour leader. Durham Constabulary has announced “significant new information” had caused them to reopen their investigation after initially clearing the Labour leader of any wrongdoing. He is said to have attended a “beer and curry” event at the Durham Miners Hall during an election campaign visit, and has insisted “no rules were broken”. But he has added that if he is found to have breached lockdown guidance and is fined, he will step down as Labour leader. When Boris Johnson was issued with a fine over Downing Street events during lockdown, Sir Keir had insisted the PM step down. When it emerged two parties took place in Downing Street the night before Prince Philip’s funeral, though Mr Johnson was not in attendance, Mr Starmer tweeted: “This shows just how seriously Boris Johnson has degraded the office of prime minister. "An apology isn't the only thing the prime minister should be offering the palace today. Boris Johnson should resign." Lord Alan Sugar’s aide Karren has now accused the MP of double standards. She said the Labour leader had been “utterly fixated” on whether or not Mr Johnson attended illegal parties in lockdown. “He’s bleated on endlessly about how disgraceful Boris was for going to “boozy” events and it transpires he was seemingly doing exactly the same,” wrote Karren. “And let’s look at the facts. Sir Keir was filmed swigging beer with Labour officials at a time when indoor socialising was banned.” She added in her column in The Sun: “The fact that Labour continues to insist that it was a “work event” really sticks in my throat.” In response to Mr Starmer’s explanation that the curry was an “honest mistake”, Karren said it was enough to make her “choke on her naan”. North West Leicestershire Conservative MP Andrew Bridgen has since claimed it’s unlikely Durham police will fine Mr Starmer over beergate. He revealed in a Tweet that Durham Police told him they only issue warnings for first offences when they investigated the Prime Minister's former advisor Dominic Cummings in 2020. Mr Cummings caused outrage when he caught Covid and drove to County Durham to be near his family. And there were further questions about his decision to take a 26-mile trip to Barnard Castle to test his eyesight before coming back to London. At the time, Durham Police issued a statement saying: "Had a Durham Constabulary police officer stopped Mr Cummings driving to or from Barnard Castle, the officer would have spoken to him, and, having established the facts, likely advised Mr Cummings to return to the address in Durham, providing advice on the dangers of travelling during the pandemic crisis. “Had this advice been accepted by Mr Cummings, no enforcement action would have been taken. "In line with Durham Constabulary’s general approach throughout the pandemic, there is no intention to take retrospective action in respect of the Barnard Castle incident since this would amount to treating Mr Cummings differently from other members of the public. “Durham Constabulary has not taken retrospective action against any other person."