Prince Harry and Meghan Markle spent less than two years as a wedded couple in the Royal Family before they made the decision to step down as senior working royals. According to royal expert Tina Brown, the couple had to grapple with "a lot of disdain' from royal aides during their time in the royal institution. On the latest episode of their podcast The Royal Report, hosts Jack Royston and Kristen Meinzer discussed Tina Brown's new book, The Palace Papers. Speaking about the book, Ms Meinzer said: "They made it really clear, Harry and Meghan's staffers, that they had a lot of disdain for Harry and Meghan. "They felt that they had an addiction to drama, they felt like Harry and Meghan should have bided their time and not made it about them". Ms Meinzer added: "I am like, oh my gosh, these staffers are terrible. "They are telling Tina Brown terrible things. READ MORE: Royal expert pinpoints real reason behind William and Harry rift as she defends Meghan She concluded: "If The Firm was more committed to what Harry needed, they maybe should have had different staffers around Harry and Meghan and a different plan in place". According to Mr Royston, Ms Brown's book has already "made a huge impact in America". According to journalist Omid Scobie, Harry and Meghan's meeting with the Queen in April was "kept a secret from palace aides". Prince Harry is believed to have hit out at some of the Queen's closest aides with the remarks he made during his interview with NBC's Today. READ MORE: Netflix should cancel deal with Meghan and Harry: 'Total waste of time and money' – POLL These aides helped draft the terms of his and Meghan's exit as working royals in 2020. Speaking with journalist Hoda Kotb, Harry said that he is ensuring the Queen is "protected" and surrounded by "the right people". Although he made these comments, he did not elaborate on what he thinks the Queen needs protection from or who are the best people for her to be surrounded by. DON'T MISS Prince Harry in 'much better spot' than Meghan Markle [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry 'going nowhere' as royals left 'scrambling' for deals [ANALYSIS]Dr Shola hits out at royals as she demands reparations [VIDEO] When the couple decided to depart from the Royal Family, they moved to live in Canada, where Meghan Markle lived whilst filming the legal drama Suits. After some time in Canada, the couple moved to California with their son Archie and later welcomed their daughter Lilibet there. Harry and Meghan made their first overseas trip together outside of the US last month. They travelled to the Netherlands for the Invictus Games. Before arriving in The Hague, the pair made a UK pitstop to visit the Queen at Windsor Castle.