The stock market saw major crashes this week, with many major companies seeing their worst years on record. Meanwhile, a skyrocketing cost of living combined with higher interest rates to combat inflation has led economists to a warn of a recession before the end of the year. But economist Julian Jessop told Express.co.uk we are in the worst of it now - and things will improve from here.  Mr Jessop emphasised the economy is currently experiencing several shocks in a short space of time. He said: “We’re in the toughest period. “We’ve just had a big increase in energy bills, food prices have taken off because of the war in Ukraine, and the National Insurance contributions have just gone up. “A lot of bad things have just happened, so we’re getting the worst of it now.” He went on to argue that, throughout the rest of this year, things will improve for UK households.  He added: “I think that from here, the news will be better. “In July, the cut to the National Insurance threshold will come in. “That’s a tax cut for 30 million families. “I’m also hopeful the Government will do more by the autumn to prevent energy prices rising again. “We’re going to see a recession over the next few months only in the sense that things are going to feel very tough and people will be cutting back on spending.  READ MORE: UK tackling 'near impossible' task as recession and stagflation looms [REVEAL] “By the autumn, things will be looking a lot better.” Mr Jessop specified that there are different ways of defining a recession, meaning that, in some sense, the UK may already be experiencing one. The traditional definition defines a recession as two quarters of negative growth - which the economist stated is an “unlikely” fate for the UK this year. Instead, he argued we are currently in the US definition of a recession, which is a sustained period of falling activity. He added: “But sometimes the recession is what feels like a recession. So whatever the headline numbers say, if people can't afford to pay their household bills or feed themselves or heat their homes, then that's going to feel like a recession to them, even if some metric like GDP goes up.  DON'T MISS: PM urged to focus on 'strong, jobs-led recovery' [REVEAL]Dr Shola slams Brexit and says UK is 'led by donkeys' [INSIGHT]Boris warned: ‘Prove you are a real conservative or you are out!' [ANALYSIS] “So even if we don't even see a technical recession, it will certainly feel like that for a lot of people, particularly poor families.” Official estimates state the UK is currently experiencing the worst deterioration in living standards since 1977. Economists have connected their predictions for a UK recession with whether consumers dip into their pandemic savings, suggesting that not doing so will spell doom for the economy. Martin Beck, chief economic adviser to the EY Item Club, told City AM: “Accumulated savings are not a panacea for the economy. “There is a significant risk that consumers, faced with a sustained squeeze on their finances, may cut spending in response." 