Chelsea might be on the verge of announcing new owners but a pressing matter is set to hit the squad very quickly. With as many as four defenders leaving this summer, Thomas Tuchel needs some replacements in the door pronto. Chelsea boss Tuchel has made Paris Saint-Germain star Marquinhos his absolute dream signing this summer amid the club's impending defence crisis. However, signing the Brazilian has been decried as near impossible, yet another name is on the list. The Blues are scrambling ahead of next season to have new owners in charge or risk going out of business. The sanctions to Roman Abramovich have forced the Russian into selling up while Todd Boehly is the favourite to be given the reins. Whoever arrives as the new boss will have to deal with a huge problem with the squad in defence where as many as four players could depart. Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen look set to sign for Real Madrid and Barcelona respectively when their contracts expire at the end of the season. Cesar Azpilicueta is also keen on a move to the Nou Camp despite a contract extension being triggered and could still be allowed to leave due to his loyalty. While Marcos Alonso is the latest to have his head turned by Xavi's revolution. It would leave Chelsea bereft of many of their senior defenders and one replacement that was named by Tuchel to the club was Marquinhos. The German knows the centre-back well from his time in charge of PSG while he has fantastic chemistry with Thiago Silva, who was his teammate at the Parc des Princes and remains so with the Brazilian national team. However, according to Football London, it has been agreed that bringing Marquinhos to Stamford Bridge would be near impossible. Instead, PSG's other centre-back Presnel Kimpembe has been tipped as a much more attainable target. There could be a shake-up in Paris as they look to dismiss Mauricio Pochettino while sporting director Leonardo could also be axed after failing in the Champions League. And that could be several outgoings as the club look to start anew. And that could open up the possibility of Chelsea signing Kimpembe, despite Marquinhos being their preferred target to bolster their defence. The two are not the only ones being eyed ahead of the summer transfer window. With so many on the way out, a shortlist of defenders is being drawn up that includes Jules Kounde of Sevilla - who was nearly bought last year. Torino ace Gleison Bremer is another being courted after an impressive season on the left-hand side of a back-three.