The Duke and Duchess of Sussex's daughter celebrates her first birthday on June 4. Fans of the couple, dubbed the Sussex Squad, shared plans on Twitter for a virtual "high tea" party to celebrate the special occasion. One Twitter user with the handle @JoDivaRunner posted: "#SussexSquad Breaking News! "Lilibet Diana’s Birthday Party has been changed to a High Tea Birthday Party! "So save the date and get your tea sets and fascinators ready!" The post attracted hundreds of retweets, likes and comments from other fans of the Sussexes. One with the handle laurenhamburg wrote: "So excited to celebrate this big moment." Another, @inspiredduchess, commented: "A reason to get out my fancy tea cups and one of my vintage hats!" A third with the handle @pricbeal added: "Can’t wait to celebrate Lilibet’s birthdate.#sussexsquad." Another, @LMonCampus, said: "Ohhhh!! How fun! I have my tea set. I have the perfect outfit. I just need a fascinator. I'm on it!!" READ MORE: Meghan and Harry returning for Jubilee to ‘stay relevant' One more, @vee_victory, commented: "That’s awesome. She is a Princess after all so we need to do this right." The Sussex Squad has previously marked birthdays for Archie with online events such as fundraisers. Lili is set to spend her first birthday in the UK as it falls during the Platinum Jubilee weekend. Harry and Meghan are travelling to Britain from California to join the royal celebrations in June. DON'T MISSHarry and Meghan snubbed again as Jubilee encounters limited [INSIGHT]Archie may not 'wear long trousers' in the UK next month - here's why [ANALYSIS]Meghan and Harry 'won't be seen much' at Queen's Platinum Jubilee [VIDEO] The Sussexes' attendance at the Platinum Jubilee was confirmed earlier this month following intense speculation. A spokeswoman for the couple said: "Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are excited and honoured to attend The Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations this June with their children." It will be the first time Harry and Meghan have brought their family to the UK since leaving for the US. It is not known which parts of the four-day weekend they will make an appearance. They will not appear on Buckingham Palace's balcony during Trooping the Colour on Thursday June 2 after the Queen limited the moment to working royals only. Harry and Meghan are living in Montecito with Archie, three, and Lili after quitting royal duties in 2020. 