Martin Brundle has revealed he agreed with Red Bull’s decision to tell Sergio Perez to allow Max Verstappen past to win the Spanish Grand Prix on Sunday. Perez put in an impressive performance in Barcelona and looked set to claim victory after taking the lead. It was not to be though for the Mexican, after he was ordered by his team to give up the lead to teammate Verstappen, who is bidding to defend the world championship he won for the first time last campaign. The decision seemed a harsh one on Perez, and has split opinion in the Formula 1 world. Sky Sports expert Brundle said that while it was difficult to snatch victory away from Perez, in the long term it was in fact the right call to make. He wrote: “Perez had pitted his Red Bull on lap 37 for brand new mediums, and Verstappen did the same six laps later, which of course is approaching 10% of the race distance although I'm not entirely sure that constitutes a 'different race strategy' as Perez was informed when he was told to let him through for the victory. “Perez said he would but that it wasn't fair, and he had a good point. It was race six of a 22-race season, the team were going to get a 1-2 anyway having dispatched Russell and assuming no safety car interferences or suchlike. “Perez was leading because he had been fast and had stayed on the road, and at that stage it could easily be considered normal to protect the cars and hold station for a Perez victory.” Brundle went on to add that it was important for Verstappen to take victory in the end, with the Dutchman seemingly Red Bull’s best chance of keeping up with the speedy Ferrari man Charles Leclerc across the rest of the campaign. He added: “While it doesn't play out well for the team or either driver, if I was on the Red Bull pit wall I'd have done the same and taken the flak. The speed of Leclerc in the Ferrari had been impressive, season-long you'd put your money on Verstappen to take the fight to him most consistently, and as we saw with last year's championship a seven-point swing between first and second could be critical.” Prior to the Red Bull switch, Leclerc was the man who looked set to clinch his third win of the campaign after building on a remarkable qualifying performance that saw him take pole. Leclerc was dealt a huge blow mid-race though, as a power failure forced him to retire. Despite the withdrawal Brundle believes Leclerc was the man who deserved to take victory. He wrote: “The most deserving winner of the race was surely Leclerc in his rapid Ferrari. Starting on pole position having delivered a stunning qualifying lap under big pressure after an earlier spin, he delivered the perfect launch from the grid, stayed out of the gravel trap unlike Verstappen and team-mate Carlos Sainz, and was serenely driving to victory with so much time in hand he could pick any tyre strategy, when his power unit failed.”