Gardening expert Monty Don has shared more of his advice with gardeners looking to get out in the garden this month. The lead host of the BBC hit show, Gardeners’ World, shares monthly gardening tips on his blog. This month, the 66-year-old shared how to make compost, prune clematis, deadhead tulips and plant tender annuals. Monty also shared how to biennial plants can be sown now. A biennial plant is a flowering plant that takes two years to complete their life cycle. This year, the plant will be a seedling and next year it will flower and set seed. Once planted, they will continue to appear in the garden as they set seed. READ MORE: Interior design tips: Paint pro on why you should 'avoid white' walls Monty said “now is the time” to sow biennial plant seeds which includes “wallflowers, honesty, foxgloves, forget-me-nots or sweet rocket”. He said sowing them now will ensure gardeners have a “lovely display next spring and summer”. He continued: “Biennials differ from annuals, which grow, flower and set seed all in one growing season, in that they grow fast from seed and develop strong roots and foliage in one season and then flower in the next. “For most, this means that they germinate and grow without flowering in summer and autumn, remaining dormant over winter, then have another burst of growth before flowering in spring and early summer.  DON'T MISS‘They won’t come back’: How to remove dandelions from lawns [INSIGHT]Hydrangeas soil - the soil you need to help your garden plant grow [UPDATE]Weeding tips: ‘Super effective’ way to naturally kill paving weeds [ANALYSIS] “The great advantage of biennials in our borders over annuals is that they are hardy enough to withstand a cold winter and quickly produce flowers in spring without having to wait for the plant to grow first.” To sow these plants, gardeners will need a seed tray and vermiculite. Sow the seed thinly in the tray and then cover them with vermiculite before leaving them to germinate. They don’t need heat but prefer to be situated in a sheltered spot like a porch. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Once the seedlings are large enough, they can be pricked out and put into pots or plugs. Monty added: “Grow them on so the young plants are ready to plant out in early autumn where you want them to flower next May.” May is also a great month for those growing vegetables. Kale can be planted or transported outside along with lettuce, cabbage, beetroot and carrots. Brussel sprouts can be sown along with celery, lettuce, pepper, aubergine and winter squash.  Asparagus, cabbage, peas, spinach, samphire and cauliflower can all be harvested in May. May is also a great month for lawn care. Gardeners can mow, feed, water, aerate, scarify and even reseed their lawns in May. With the weather warming up, more weeds will begin to appear so gardeners should also keep on top of lawn weeding this month.