Kira Rudik, leader of the Ukrainian political party Voice, told Nigel Farage on GB New Ukraine has shown in its fight against Russia that it stands for “progressive values”. She said Ukraine is “building something different, something new”, citing its unique digitisation of passports as evidence of a “modern” nation. When prompted on the “hypocrisy of Germany”, as Mr Farage put it, in apparently failing to send heavy weapons to Ukraine and more rapidly cutting its reliance on Russian energy, Ms Rudik added that Ukraine stands for democracy “even more than some Europeans”.    Mr Farage said: “But are you now looking at the European Union in a different light after the hypocrisy of Germany, the promises they still haven't made to you? Is it making you reconsider?” Ms Rudik said: “Well, it does not make us reconsider the direction because we in Ukraine have shown with our actions that we stand for democratic, European - you can call it what you want - progressive values. “Even more than some Europeans do. This is why I have never been as sure as I am right now that we made the right choice to move to the West. “To move to the progressive, futuristic ideas rather than staying with Putin.    “He is very adamant about what he is building. He says he is rebuilding the Russian empire. He is rebuilding the Soviet Union. “We in Ukraine are the first country to digitalise, to make passports on your phone. Most of the governmental services are now online and have been digitised. “That is why I am so proud and I don’t want Putin to drag us back into whatever he is building. “We are building something different, something new, something modern. We will continue doing this, building the country of the future, rather than dwelling on the past.” READ MORE: Europeans toast Britain as Scholz and Macron flounder [REVEAL]  Polish President Andrzej Duda criticised Germany’s Chancellor Olaf Scholz earlier this week for apparently not being “willing to fulfil” promises to Ukraine of heavy tanks in the fight against Russia. While Mr Scholz has said Germany will send heavier weaponry, tanks are seemingly yet to arrive. Mr Duda said: “If we were supported by our German allies with tanks to replace those we gave to Ukraine, we'd be very grateful. We had such a promise. We hear Germany isn't willing to fulfil [it].” And despite reducing Germany’s reliance on Russian oil and gas since the start of the conflict in Ukraine, Germany has come under fire for paying hug sums in energy imports from Russia over the first two months of the war. DON'T MISS: Germany accused of ‘deliberately watering down’ EU sanctions [REPORT]'Uneven!' EU farce as countries only sending 'low levels' of weapons [REVEAL]Germany facing mockery as Ukraine lashes impotent words [REVEAL]   In more positive steps, however, a German interior minister spokesperson said it would cut through some of the red tape involved in Germany’s visa process that currently limits some people critical of the Russian Government to stay in Germany only 90 days under the Schengen tourist visa. The spokesperson said they will make it faster and easier for critics of the Russian government to come and live in the country based on newly agreed criteria. They said that human rights activists, employees of NGOs and civil society groups with a connection to Germany, as well as journalists and researchers who have taken a stance against the war in Russia, will be eligible for a longer-stay visa under new plans. But the spokesperson added that there was no reliable way to predict how many people this measure would affect.   