Andrew Pierce, conservative journalist and political commentator, noted Joe Biden has been “around Capitol Hill for 50 years” and “knows the levers to pull” regarding pushing through more stringent gun laws in the US. He expressed confusion at how the President could so emphatically and thoroughly arm Ukraine against Vladimir Putin but was unable “to fix this” issue domestically. He added that the “irony” of the mass shooting is that it will lead to a “spike in gun sales” as people fear another fatal event.    Mr Pierce told Jeremy Vine: “Biden is the most powerful man on the planet. He is the President of the United States and he is wringing his hands in despair. “He is helping arm Ukraine against the dreaded war criminal Vladimir Putin in Russia and yet he can’t fix this. “He’s been around Capitol Hill for 50 years, Jeremy, he knows the levers to pull. It’s down to a lack of will.” “And the irony of this shooting is there will be a spike in gun sales because people will think ‘Oh my God, that could happen to me, so I need guns’.”    A visibly shaken US President spoke following the shooting in Uvalde, saying he was “sick and tired” of fatal shootings. He said: “As a nation, we have to ask, ‘When in God’s name are we going to stand up to the gun lobby?’ “When in God’s name are we going to do what has to be done? Why are we willing to live with this carnage? Echoing the sentiment of many gun law critics, he said he was “sick and tired of it”, adding: “We have to act.”  READ MORE: Biden savaged over Texas school shooting ‘'I don't think politically’ [REPORT]       Debate over gun laws in the US has become charged once again by the recent events in Uvalde, with In a sign of the charged political atmosphere, Beto O'Rourke, the Democratic candidate challenging Texas Governor Greg Abbott in a November election, interrupted a news conference to confront Abbott over the state's permissive gun laws. He shouted: "You are doing nothing!" O'Rourke was later escorted out of the building and spoke to reporters outside. He said it was "insane" that an 18-year-old was legally permitted to acquire a semi-automatic rifle and vowed to pursue gun restrictions. He said: "We can get that done if we had a governor that cared more about the people of Texas than he does about his own political career or his fealty to the National Rifle Association.” Mr Abbott has said stringent gun laws do not prevent violence, citing states such as New York. He said policymakers should instead focus on mental health treatment and prevention. DON'T MISS: School shooting father rips into Republican's after 19 children killed [REVEAL]Joe Biden calls for action on gun laws following school 'massacre' [REPORT] Gunfire at US schools at a record high  [INSIGHT]  There are over 120 firearms per 100 people in the US, more than double the second-most armed country in the world, Yemen, with under 53 guns per 100 people, according to a Small Arms survey. More than 1.5 million people in the US were killed by firearms within the country between 1968 and 2017, which is greater than the number of soldiers killed in every US conflict since the American War for Independence in 1775. But attempts to roll out stricter gun laws have repeatedly been blocked or reversed, with the latest polling suggesting that only 52 percent of the American population supports stricter laws. Addressing the bereaved families of the Sandy Hook shooting nine years ago, where 20-year-old Adam Lanza killed 26 people, including 20 children aged between six and seven, Mr BIden said that gun legislation was long overdue and that “as a nation, we owe these families more than prayers. We owe them action”.   