Burger King is relaunching Whopper Day - the only day of the year where burger fans can get their hands on the Whopper free of charge. Customers must be quick so as not to miss out. Whopper Day will take place this week on Wednesday, May 18. For one day only, Burger King restaurants across the country will be giving the Whopper burger away for absolutely nothing. Customers will be able to choose from the meaty Whopper or the plant-based Whopper. No other purchase will be necessary. READ MORE: Mum's anti-ageing secret is a broth recipe that makes skin 'youthful and firm' All customers need to do to get their hands on a free Whopper is download the Burger King app, register, and go to their nearest participating branch to claim their free Whopper. Customers who prefer delivery straight to their front door can also order a free Whopper via Deliveroo. Usually priced at £5.49, the Whopper is Burger King's most famous flame-grilled treat. It is seared using real fire to create its unique and irresistible flavour, according to the fast-food restaurant. DON'T MISS: Model Charli Howard's 3 steps she 'makes sure' she does to battle acne [SKINCARE] Kate Middleton's 'youthful glow' method: 'Amazing brightener' [EXPERT] Influencer Molly-Mae has a 'full beard' after beauty treatment [SHOCK] The burger is topped with fresh tomatoes, freshly cut lettuce, onions, crunchy pickle, a layer of creamy mayonnaise and a swirl of ketchup. The whole point of Whopper Day is to celebrate this finger-licking, mouth-salivating sensation. Burger King spokesperson Katie Evans said: “The Whopper is Burger King’s hero burger. "Created using fresh ingredients, made to order your way and flame-grilled to create the signature, mouth-watering flavour that our customers love. "For one day only we think everyone deserves to get involved with a bite of the action and savour a free Whopper on us. “This Whopper Day, we hope the nation will join us in enjoying a legendary Whopper. If you haven’t tried a Whopper before, here’s the day to try it." For those not fast enough to get their hands on a free Whopper, there are still plenty of offers to choose from via the Burger King app. Among the great value deals is the chance to purchase a Whopper for only £1.99, which is available at all Burger King branches every Wednesday. The Whopper is a popular burger and many fans have praised it in the past, taking to Twitter to share their opinion on its flavoursome goodness. User Emerald Hills said: "Finally tried the Impossible Whopper at Burger King out here (I've not seen them in the UK) and I can honestly say that's the best vegan burger on the market. Absolutely delicious." User @itsDaddytoyou2 wrote: "I personally like Burger King. Call me evil and sick all you want but whopper tastes way better than Big Mac." User @YoungBurrell added: "Burger King overrated Whopper good as hell tho."(sic)