Iain Duncan Smith has slapped down protests from Brussels over moves by the British Government to alter the Northern Ireland Protocol. Mr Duncan Smith was addressing MPs after Foreign Secretary Liz Truss set out her intention to bring forward legislation within weeks overwriting parts of the post-Brexit deal.  Mr Duncan-Smith told MPs: 'The powerful article that was referred to by Lord Trimble, one of the architects of Good Friday Agreement makes it very clear that the maintenance of the Good Friday Agreement overcomes everything else. "So to that extent, it'd be helpful if those who bang on about this at the moment on the other side to know if they read, but if they read the protocol, article 13.8 makes it absolutely clear that the protocol can be through negotiation changed in whole or in part. "Now the point here is, therefore, my right honourable friend was quite correct. "The EU now needs to step up to them in that protocol and do what article 13.8 tells them." READ MORE: 'EU violating protocol!' John Redwood erupts over Brexit deadlock Bill proposed by Ms Truss would separate "green" and "red" lanes for goods travelling between Great Britain and Northern Ireland, with those destined to stay within the UK freed from EU-level checks. Ms Truss told the Commons the Bill will put in place the necessary measures to "lessen the burden on east-west trade and to ensure the people of Northern Ireland are able to access the same benefits as the people of Great Britain". "The Bill will ensure that goods moving and staying within the UK are freed of unnecessary bureaucracy through our new green channel," she said. "This respects Northern Ireland's place in the UK, in its customs territory, and protects the UK internal market.  "At the same time it ensures that goods destined for the EU undergo the full checks and controls applied under EU law." This will be underpinned by "data-sharing arrangements", she said. "It will allow both east-west trade and the EU single market to be protected whilst removing customs paperwork for goods remaining in the United Kingdom," she added. Ms Truss went on to say the Bill will remove regulatory barriers to goods made to UK standards being sold in Northern Ireland, with businesses able to choose between meeting UK or EU standards in a new "dual regulatory regime". DON'T MISS:Brits struggle to make ends meet we STILL send aid, says MATT VICKERS [COMMENT]MPs urge Boris to use billions cut from foreign aid budget [REACTION]MP quizzed why UK won't cut foreign aid to stop National Insurance [WATCH]   The legislation will also provide the Government with the ability to decide on tax and spend policies across the whole of the UK, she said. She added: "It will address issues related to governance, bringing the protocol in line with international norms. "At the same time it will take new measures to protect the EU single market by implementing robust penalties for those who seek to abuse the new system." It is understood that the UK would pull the Bill in the event of all of its aims and objectives being met by the EU. 