rofessor Craig Barker claimed that Putin would likely remain the leader of Russia after the war in Ukraine ends but has outlined other possible scenarios that would see him deposed. Professor Barker is the Dean of the School of Law and Social Sciences and a Professor of International Law at London South Bank University. When asked about Putin facing trial in the international court system for war crimes committed in Ukraine, Prof Barker wasn’t overly optimistic. He said: “There could be an arrest warrant issued against him, an individual country would find it difficult, if he visited it, to arrest him and send him off to The Hague. “But that would be a possibility, that happened to the Sudanese leader al-Bashir. He thought he had gone to a safe country but then they actually passed him up to the International Criminal Court. “It’s possible, but we are talking about Putin here, he will have plenty of bodyguards. My gut feeling is the war will calm down but it will be on his terms. “Things will slowly return to normal and he will continue to be the leader of Russia. I know that doesn’t sound very optimistic.” He added: “How the hell do you get the man?”  rof Barker also said that it was possible that Putin would be pushed from power from the inside, with Russia’s elite or even the Russian people making a move against him. He said: “There could be some sort of action taken against Putin in Moscow by his acolytes, they would have to be incredibly brave but at the same time if they are watching more and more killing in Ukraine and more and more misery, that might prompt them. "There may be a huge surge of public opinion against Putin, which may bring the war to an end.” Putin has ruled Russia, as President or Prime Minister, since he came to power in 2000. He has built a network of loyal oligarchs that help run and profit from the Russian economy. In the past, he has violently suppressed protests taking place in the country. READ MORE: Kalush Orchestra's defiant message to take Eurovision home  Professor Barker also said that it was plausible that there could be an attempt on Putin’s life, although this would be unlikely. He said: “You could send in a suicide squad but let's not go there. That is, an assassination squad.” Although it was not always enforceable, international law was still the best chance at preventing conflicts like the one in Ukraine from occurring according to Professor Barker. He claimed that although it may not deter actors like Putin, it could bring the international community together to stop the leaders of smaller nations, for example someone like Saddam Hussein, from acting in the same way as the Russian President. DON'T MISS:Ukraine LIVE: Boris 'very seriously' considering nuclear weapons [LIVE]'The world won't look kindly!' EU blasted for UK trade war threat [REPORT]Universal Credit influx needed immediately as 1.5 MILLION to struggle [REVEAL]  He said: “There’s a lot of self regulation when deciding whether to break the law. As an individual, I decide not to speed around a schoolyard when kids are coming out. "Not because it's illegal, which of course it is, but I decide not to do it because I don’t want to be a child killer. “It’s not that Putin is a leader of a country, it’s not that he has miscalculated, it's the fact that, because of the way the system has been created, he has a safety net – probably nobody will be able to do anything about it. “That’s the fault of the international community, it’s the fault of history, it’s the fault of the Chinese for staying uninvolved and it’s the fault of the Russian people for letting him get to power and retain power. “There are so many things that could have stopped this happening.” In March, the International Criminal Court launched an investigation into possible war crimes in Ukraine dating back to 2013. 