British drivers have been reminded of the importance of keeping their cars cool by experts at Scrap Car. With the warmer weather approaching, motorists should take several steps to prevent their cars from breaking down in high temperatures. The experts warned that if car owners fail to make sure that their car is kept cool, it can lead to unexpected breakdowns, especially as the mercury rises. They said: "It may sound silly, but when the temperatures rise it’s important to ensure that everyone in the car (including the vehicle itself) has plenty of fluids. “While water works best for keeping human passengers hydrated, your vehicle will require a number of different engine fluids to keep it running smoothly in extreme heat - from brake and transmission fluid to motor oil, engine coolant, and screen wash." Dan Gick, Managing Director from Scrap Car Comparison, added: "Heatwaves and extended periods of hot sunny weather can be somewhat of a rarity in the UK, but we still need to be adequately prepared for when those glorious few months of sunshine roll around. READ MORE: Drivers urged to watch out for bees landing on cars in warm weather “Extreme temperatures and heat can affect both the driver and vehicle and pose significant risks and challenges. “Failing to take care of yourself or your vehicle on the roads in the hot weather could lead you to crash, break down, or end up with your beloved car on the scrap heap, which is why we've compiled our list of summer driving safety tips to help drivers keep their cool and stay safe on the roads in the sun." The tips are outlined below. DON'T MISS'Another tax on the motorist': Drivers furious at 20mph speed cameras [INSIGHT] Drivers plead for UK 'van plan' to move millions to electric vehicles [REVEAL] Drivers warned as Tyre Extinguishers vow to target more cars [WARNING] It’s important to dress for the weather – whatever the weather – so that you can drive comfortably and safely. When the temperatures are rising, be sure to wear light clothing that will keep you cool (think: shorts, t-shirts, or vests). Though it’s not illegal to drive barefoot or wear inappropriate footwear such as flip-flops, your footwear choices could result in a careless driving charge. To ensure you have a full grip on the pedals in your car, be sure to pack a pair of ‘driving shoes’ as well as your summer sandals of choice. Your car’s air conditioning system can be a real life-saver during a heatwave, but it’s important to carry out regular checks to ensure everything is working efficiently when the temperatures outside start to rise. It’s advisable to get your air conditioning system serviced ahead of the summer months, as it may be clogged and faulty after months of infrequent use over the winter. If you’re driving somewhere after a day of sitting in the sun, you may be feeling more sleepy than usual. Take regular breaks, drink coffee, and nap if you need to, to prevent driving tired. Your vehicle’s tyres are at particular risk of damage during the hot weather, as the rubber generates more friction and heat on the hot roads, leading to over-inflation. It’s therefore particularly important to check your tyre pressure and tread depth before setting off on a journey in the summer months. Though 1.6mm is the minimum legal tread depth in the UK, it’s advisable to have tyres with a greater tread depth in the summer. To find your vehicle’s recommended tyre pressure, read through your vehicle’s manual.