If homeowners have noticed a dank musty smell emerging from their washing machine, the most likely culprit is the washing machine seal. This area of the appliance can conceal mould, dirt and bacteria. Washing machine seals can be replaced, but you probably won’t need to do this if you take care of the one your machine came with. Cleaning experts at Fantastic Services have shared two ways Britons can clean their washing machine seals using kitchen staples. You may not have known it, but you should put your washing machine through a cleaning cycle whether once a week or bi-weekly. This depends on how often you use your machine. If you don't use it as often, you should wash your machine inside and out at least once a month. One of the most important parts to clean is the rubber seal, which can hide grime. READ MORE: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘cheap’ hack to remove washing machine Mould and black spots can build up if your washing machine isn't cleaned regularly. To clean washing machine seals, one way suggested was to use baking soda. They said: “Add one cup of baking soda around the seal inside the drum. “Run the washing machine empty for a few wash cycles. To achieve the best results, use the 90 degree setting. DON'T MISS: Oven cleaning: How to clean oven door glass under 5 minutes - ‘cheap’ [COMMENT]Lawn: Alan Titchmarsh shares preparation tips for sowing lawn seeds [EXPERT]Laundry: ‘Important’ tips to ‘properly’ wash duvets for ‘best results’ [TIPS] “This is the easiest way to clean the rubber seal. This goes for the washing machine itself as well.” One cup of bleach and one cup of baking soda should also be added into the washing powder drawer. However, for those not keen on using bleach they can add two cups of white vinegar, a quarter cup of baking soda and a quarter cup of water instead. The cleaning experts added: “When the cycles are completed, put a few drops of washing-up liquid in warm water and mix it well. “Using a clean cloth, wipe down the rubber seal on all sides with the mixture. “Make sure to wipe around and underneath the seal, as well.” Another way to clean the seal is with a cotton pad or ball, dampened in white vinegar. Begin by opening the washing machine door wide to expose the seal and use the cotton pad to wipe or scrub the mould away from the large, visible parts of the rubber. To clean the hard-to-reach parts of the rubber seal, the cleaning pros suggested using a Q-tip instead. However, don’t forget to dip it in white vinegar before you start cleaning. The experts explained: “Pull the fold of the seal forward with your fingers and use the Q-tip to rub away the mould and any debris that has become stuck in between. You will probably need a few Q-tips. “Remember to clean the gasket all the way around, since there might be mould and debris all over it.” “Finally, to rinse the washing machine from the white vinegar and whatever smaller dirt particles are left inside it use the self-cleaning function if it has one or run it empty on the warm or hot water cycle.”