James Martin is not one to advocate dieting or restrictive eating, so how does he maintain a slim and healthy frame? The celebrity made a key lifestyle change - and not dieting or exercise. In fact, the self-proclaimed food lover has not altered his diet at all. He admitted: "The way I lost weight is by cutting down soft drinks. I drink a lot of water, two litres every day. I still eat exactly the same." He continued that "water is the key" to weight loss. READ MORE: Amanda Holden weight loss: How BGT judge stays slim ‘without dieting’  There are several health benefits to upping one's water intake. James called the benefits, including better skin and more energy, "crazy", he told Hello! As well as being calorie free, and it can suppress appetite. Moreover, oftentimes people think they are hungry, when in fact they are just thirsty - or bored. This method helped the foodie star lose a whopping 2st 3lbs in a year. Drinking more water and limiting soft drinks that contain heaps of hidden sugars means that the star hasn't needed to diet. However, while the chef did not necessarily need to change his diet in order to lose the weight, he chooses healthy options more often than not. James revealed: "Heart disease has been an issue in my family for generations. "When you're a big bloke like my grandfather, father and me, it's not as easy to stay fit as it is for someone who's a bit smaller." For this reason, James cut down on processed foods and takeaways and instead cooked more at home - he's a renowned professional chef, after all. He continued: "So I decided to examine my diet and I made a conscious decision to cook fresh food at home." Deciding to ditch the Mars bars and aforementioned soft drinks, the chef ate more mindfully. "Now I eat fish twice a week as well as loads of vegetables and fresh fruit," he told The Herald. High-protein foods such as oily fish are great for weight loss, as they keep slimmers fuller for longer, reducing the hunger hormone. A high protein intake also boosts metabolism, meaning that more calories are burned - even during sleep. As for vegetables, this low-calorie food group is full of fibre and can also leave the body feeling fuller. They also prevent the dips in energy levels that often leave dieters reaching for chocolates and sweets.