Deborah James, 40, has announced that she will be releasing a book about “living before you die” and admitted that she is “gutted” it may be on shelves after she has died. It comes after the mum-of-two was made a dame last week by Prince William.  However, Deborah was delighted to find out that, shortly after her announcement, the book had flown to the top of Amazon's best sellers list due to the amount of pre-orders it had received.  She wrote alongside a celebratory Instagram post featuring Amazon's book charts: "Not sure how much more emotional wow I can deal with today!  "Number 1 best seller in all books already. I want to tell each of you how wonderful you all are. Never forget that." READ MORE: David Birney dead: Bridget Loves Bernie star dies aged 83 She is currently in palliative care at her parents' house after revealing she has stopped her bowel cancer treatment. The inspiring cancer campaigner is behind the BBC podcast: “You, Me and the Big C”. Deborah's book is entitled 'How to live when you could be dead'. She was full of smiles in the picture she shared on Instagram, while the star proudly held up a copy of her new book. It came with a bittersweet message for her fans. She captioned the post: "I wrote another book!! “So I’ve got a few things to share with you before I die that I’m gutted I won’t see in real life! "For the last 2 years I’ve been working on my second book How to Live when you could be Dead - oh the irony of the title! DON'T MISS... Janette Manrara's injury fear addressed after hospital dash[LATEST]Lily James puts on jaw-dropping display in see-through Met Gala gown[PICTURES]Vanessa Hudgens risks wardrobe malfunction at Met Gala 2022[RED CARPET] "I wanted to share all my (hard-won!!) learning on how to have a positive mindset when we are faced with life’s biggest challenges." She said the book's details were still being finalised and explained that the publication date was being moved. Deborah explained: “Whilst it is in its final edits, as anyone in publishing will know, suddenly changing book publication dates (regardless of health!) isn’t an easy feat. “It was originally due out Jan 2023!!!” "All things considered, Penguin have managed to put it on pre-order and are aiming to publish it on the 18th August! “It is still long after I’m flying high, but hopefully a little less longer for you to wait." She reminded followers that she and her team have worked very hard over the last few days to ensure the book benefits Bowelbabe Fund as much as possible. Deborah confirmed that all her royalties will go to the fund and that Penguin have agreed to make an additional contribution per book. She said the donation per book will be £3. Deborah finished the post by sharing: "No pressure to do anything or order anything as I know your generosity has already been extraordinary. http://Smarturl.it/HowToLive " Deborah received her damehood for her extraordinary fundraising efforts. It came after her Bowelbabe fund received donations of more than £6million in just a week.