Manchester United will 'compete' with Bayern Munich to sign potential Robert Lewandowski replacement Sasa Kalajdzic this summer. That is according to Sky Deutschland, who claim the VFB Stuttgart striker is also attracting attention from Borussia Dortmund and Paris Saint-Germain. Kalajdzic was ruled out for the first-half of the season with a shoulder injury, but has since gone on to register six goals and eight assists. It means the Austrian international has now netted 22 Bundesliga strikes since signing from Admira Wacker in 2019. Kalajdžić's contract with Stuttgart expires in 2023, and reports suggest a fee of around £17million could be enough to broker a summer deal. Sky's transfer expert Marc Behrenbeck has claimed negotiations with Bayern Munich will begin this week, while listing Dortmund and United among those also interested. He said via SportWitness: "He’s on Dortmund’s list. Paris have also expressed an interest, United have enquired about him, but so far there has been no contact from the clubs to VfB." News of Bayern's interest in Kalajdzic comes as Lewandowski appears to be edging closer to an exit from the Allianz Arena. The Poland international is said to be unwilling to extend his contract beyond 2023, with claims he has verbally agreed a three-year deal at Barcelona. Munich's director of football Hasan Salihamidzic has confirmed the veteran striker has submitted a transfer request, but stressed the club would not be forced into a sale. He told Sky Sport Germany, he said: "I spoke to Lewa. In the conversation, he told me that he did not want to accept our offer to extend the contract and that he would like to leave the club. "He said that he would like to do something else. But our attitude hasn't changed. Lewa has a contract until June 30, 2023. That's a fact. I don't deal with that because our stance has always been clear." Lewandowski scored his 50th goal of the season in Bayern's final-day draw at Wolfsburg, taking his all-time tally in Bavaria to 344 goals. Chelsea have also been linked with an ambitious move for the 33-year-old, but reports indicate Spain remains his preferred destination. The form of Karim Benzema and Real Madrid's public pursuit of Kylian Mbappe makes Barcelona the most likely destination, and Xavi insists age would be no barrier for potential signings despite refusing to comment on Lewandowski himself. The Barcelona boss said: “Players like Zlatan, Modric, Ronaldo, Messi…they are still playing at a high level. Age is not an obstacle.”