The incident was filmed by the activists and then shared on the Baza Telegram channel. The video shows a man wearing a hoodie taking out a series of petrol filled bottles from a plastic bag and lining them up on the street outside the recruitment centre. He then lights them and throws them through the windows of the office, as well as through the building's glass front door. Images show a fire taking hold inside the recruitment centre with black smoke billowing out from the office. The attack took place in the early hours of the morning on Wednesday, May 4 in the town of Nizhnevartovsk. Locals called the police who put out the fire and opened a criminal investigation into the incident. In text accompanying the video, Baza's administrator wrote: "Video showing Molotov cocktails thrown into the army recruitment centre in Nizhnevartovsk. "Tonight (4th May) someone threw a couple of Molotov cocktails into the reception room of the recruitment centre on Peace street. "The fire was quickly put out by the police who arrived at the scene. "Judging by the video, there were two perpetrators. They threw no fewer than seven Molotov cocktails." The attack is just the latest in a series of violent protests against army recruitment centres in Russia. Since the beginning of the war, several cities across numerous Russian regions have reported arson attacks on military offices. The latest took place last week in the city of Omsk, in southwestern Siberia. According to local media, protesters tried to set fire to the recruitment centre on Pushkin street. The activists threw at least two Molotov cocktails, but failed in their attempt to destroy the office. READ MORE: Putin 'shot himself in the foot' with Finland and Sweden joining NATO Anti-war protesters claim they want to prevent mobilisation for Putin's war in Ukraine. One arsonist from Lukhovitsy in the Moscow region said he wanted to destroy the archives containing the personal details of conscripts so as to prevent mobilisation. Another activist commented: "Russians do not want to become a cargo 200, so they take desperate measures." Cargo 200 is a Russian military code term used to refer to the transportation of military fatalities. One year of military service is compulsory for young men in Russia, unless they have medical grounds for exemption. The conscripts are not supposed to be sent to the front line, but many have ended up fighting in Ukraine. DON'T MISSRAF ‘ready to defend airspace’ as jets moved to Yorkshire [NEWS]Sturgeon ally says Scotland should leave NATO [SPOTLIGHT]Putin humiliated as Ukraine downs £130m worth of Russian jets [REVEAL] Rumours were rife that Putin would announce a general mobilisation on May 9, during the Victory Day celebrations. Despite failing to do so, many believe that the Kremlin is carrying out a covert campaign to recruit more soldiers for the war effort. Reports have emerged of directors from state run companies receiving orders to recruit soldiers from their staff. Adverts have also been placed on public transport in Russian cities, encouraging volunteers to sign up and promising high wages of up to 200,000 roubles per month (roughly £2,500). By comparison, the average Russian wage is around 57,000 roubles or £730 per month.