Kieran Trippier clearly still holds his north London allegiance with Tottenham close to his heart after Newcastle all-but ended Arsenal's chances of a top-four finish on Monday night. Arsenal held the advantage over Tottenham heading into the final two games of the season for the final Champions League spot. Tottenham's win over Burnley on Sunday moved them above Arsenal, but Mikel Arteta's side still had a game in hand. A trip to St James' Park was never going to be an easy test, but Arsenal were still expected to pick up the three points they needed to reclaim fourth spot. But the Gunners were sluggish from the off before Ben White turned into his own net and Bruno Guimaraes rounded things off for the hosts. The result leaves Tottenham in fourth, two points ahead of Arsenal heading into the final game of the season. Spurs also hold a far superior goal difference, meaning only a win for Arsenal this weekend against Everton will give them a chance of finishing in the top four. But Tottenham arguably have the easier fixture against an already-relegated Norwich side while Everton still aren't safe from the drop. JUST IN: Three star players Arsenal could lose after Champions League failure   Trippier was among the substitutes for Newcastle in the 2-0 win over Arsenal and the former Tottenham full-back teased the Gunners on Instagram after the game. "Excellent by the lads tonight, once again showing what we are capable of @nufc," he wrote on Instagram. "I hope you enjoyed that one tonight @spursofficial fans." Arteta was unable to defend his team for their disappointing display in a crucial game. DON'T MISS  "Normally I sit here, I can defend what we've done. Today it's not easy," Arteta said. "Newcastle were 100 times better than us in every department from the beginning to the end and it is very hard to accept it. "We knew but we didn’t cope with it, we didn’t compete, we never got into the game. We put ourselves in trouble time after time. "We lost every duel. In every aspect of the game we were second best and Newcastle totally deserved to win the match, probably by a bigger margin."