Savings accounts are used by people who are looking to put away money for a rainy day or when hard times come. However, this makes it all the more important that this cash remains safe and secure from any potential harm. A particular service is charged with keeping money away from any potential danger and Britons can use it to determine the safety of their savings accounts. This service is known as the Financial Services Compensation Scheme, otherwise known as the FSCS. It is an independent and free service which has been created to make sure the customers of the country’s financial services firms are protected if said firms go bust. If someone uses a financial firm which ends up closing down and cannot pay back their claim, the FSCS will usually step-in to resolve any issues of compensation. To use this service, those looking to support must be part of a bank or building society which has been authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority. READ MORE: Woman, 88, in tears after losing £36,000 savings - after 'scrimping' for 50 years Those interested in seeing if they are eligible can check whether their bank is on the Financial Services Register. As of January 1, 2017, if an eligible bank, building society or credit union goes under, their customers will automatically be compensated up to £85,000. This will be extended up to £170,000 for joint accounts. Customers will not need to do anything - any money will be compensated automatically to the person whose saving account is at risk. However, financial institutions which are part of the same banking group are affected differently. If someone has multiple accounts with the same group, such as HSBC and first direct, this will be treated as one bank by the service.  On the FSCS website, the guidance states: “Where you hold your money could affect how much compensation you’re entitled to. “If you have money in multiple accounts with banks that are part of the same banking group (and share a banking licence) we have to treat them as one bank. “This means that our compensation limit applies to the total amount you hold across all these accounts, not to each separate account. “For our compensation limit to apply to each individual account, you’d need to hold money with different banks that don’t share a licence. “You can search the financial services register on the Financial Conduct Authority’s website to see which banks share a licence or download this list of banks that share a licence from the Bank of England.” Through the FSCS’ online tool, savers can see how safe their account is from potential harm. On the site, they can add their account details below into the online tool, even with multiple accounts, and check how much of their money is protected. People will be able to get the most relevant results if they enter the firm reference number (FRN) of their bank, building society or credit union. This should be provided on the website of their financial institution or it can be provided by the bank if they are asked. As part of its advice, the FSCS warns of the risk posed by potential scams and the need of savers to check for potential cloned firms. FSCS’ guidance states: “Scammers can use the name of a legitimate firm to try and get you to part with your money. “Always check the FCA register for any warnings about cloned firms.”