Netflix’s record-breaking crimes series Ozark came to an end earlier this month with the premiere of its fourth and final season. As the show wrapped up, Laura Linney who starred as Wendy Byrde paid a special tribute to a character who met his death back in season two.  After landing on screens in 2017, Ozark took the world by storm with viewers hooked on each episode. While the series was family orientated, the thrilling side kept fans enticed as the Byrde family had to launder $500 million for the Mexican cartel. In order to save his own life, Marty Byrde (Jason Bateman) struck up the deal after watching his business partner get murdered. He relocated his family from Chicago to the Missouri Ozarks where he thought he could launder the cash away from law enforcement and prying eyes. READ MORE: Stranger Things season 4 release time: What time is it on Netflix? However, this didn’t come without trouble as the family were forced to go up against Darlene Snell (Lisa Emery) who was the town's brutal queen pin. Upon arrival, the family moved into a lakeside home which was owned by local Buddy (Harris Yulin). He was known to be cranky and wasn’t afraid to share his opinions or distaste for whatever the family were up to. Although he wasn’t pleasant to live with at the beginning, Buddy soon warmed up to the Byrde family as they continued to live in his home. As well as a close friendship with Marty’s son Jonah Byrde (Skylar Gaertner), Buddy also became a confidant for Wendy. Tragically in season two, a frail Buddy suffered heart failure and died when he ploughed through the Snells’ poppy field in an act of defiance. After his death, the family was left completely heartbroken, especially Jonah who took the loss particularly hard and gave a moving reading at the funeral. Following the season finale of Ozark, Laura opened up about starring alongside Harris and paid a special tribute to his character. DON'T MISS...BBC Breakfast's 'out of touch' Platinum Jubilee coverage sparks uproar [REACTION]Glad we got to the finish line’ Ozark’s Jason Bateman on the ending [INSIGHT]Ozark season 4: Hidden meaning in Byrdes car crash 'exposed' [INSIGHT] In Netflix’s behind the scenes show ‘Farewell to Ozark,’ the actress stated: “I really miss Buddy, I still miss Buddy. “I miss the character and I miss the actor, I miss Harris Yulin and I miss that character, “ Laura added. With Buddy being one of the many characters killed off in season two, showrunner Chris Mundy opened up about all the deaths in a 2018 interview with Thrillest. Acknowledging the bloodshed and the number of people who died, Chris reflected: “Yeah, that was rough. “As we were plotting the season out, and as we laid out what we wanted to do to Netflix at the beginning of the year, everybody knew which characters were going to go, but it's still hard because those are friends you're not going to be working with next year. “Those cast phone calls were all incredibly hard to do. But to everyone's credit, everybody was really professional and gracious. “The first responses were basically, ‘OK. Am I going to get a good death, then?’" Ozark is available on Netflix. 