The Time Traveller's Wife is being resurrected for the small screen almost two decades after the book of the same name by Audrey Niffenegger was published. Much like the film starring Eric Bana and Rachel McAdams, the HBO and Sky romantic drama will see how their characters Henry and Claire's lives are turned upside down by one another. Express.co.uk has everything you need to know to watch the new series. The Time Traveller's Wife will premiere on HBO in America on Sunday, May 15. UK fans of the story are then going to be treated to the premiere episode on Sky Atlantic on Monday, May 16. The series will altogether be made up of six episodes with a new instalment airing every week on both HBO and Sky Atlantic. The grand finale is going to come out on Sunday, June 19, in America and the following day in the UK on Sky Atlantic. READ MORE: The Repair Shop's Jay Blades unveils 'rule' of series 'Not allowed' If fans aren't able to watch the show as it airs live on these channels, there are alternatives. Those in America will be able to catch up on the drama via the streaming service HBO Max which launched two years ago. Meanwhile, UK fans can watch The Time Traveller's Wife through Sky's streamer NOW. Once the series comes to an end, the boxset will be ready to download on both services.    The Time Traveller's Wife is about the extraordinary couple of Henry DeTamble (played by Theo James) and Claire Abshire (Rose Leslie). When Claire initially meets Henry, she is just six years old and he is a grown man who was born with a gene that means he involuntarily jumps through time. The series sees how their relationship progresses throughout their lives with Claire more often than not left alone as he is thrust into times of their lives. Fans will just have to tune in though to see how it plays out for the star-crossed lovers. DON'T MISS...How much do Amanda and Clive Owen get paid for Our Yorkshire Farm? [SALARY]Eurovision's Maneskin singer Damiano sparks concern 'He's hurt!' [CAST]How to watch The Time Traveller's Wife in the UK [EXPLAINER]   Talking to Screen Rant about what attracted her to the role, actress Leslie explained: "I always find it fascinating that she was one half of the time-travelling couple. "I thought that that was a pretty good hook in, as it were, just because of how fascinating [it is]. "But also knowing that Clare has gone through something extraordinary in her childhood and that something phenomenally exciting but also very complicated has happened to her, and how that then shapes her as a character. "Henry, from a very early age, has a pivotal role in her life. "Then we see her develop into an artist and sculptor, and how that then informs her work, and how she knows that she is committed to this life of uncertainty. "But yet she's very able to show an extraordinary amount of patience, and I just thought [those were] remarkable qualities in a character and very, very fun."   Fans will best remember Leslie for starring as Ygritte in the HBO fantasy drama Game of Thrones. Some of her other roles have been in Vigil, Honeymoon, The Good Fight, Vigil and Downton Abbey. Meanwhile, Henry is played by actor Theo James, who has been in Sanditon and the Divergent film franchise. The Time Traveller's Wife premieres on Sunday, May 15, on HBO and Sky Atlantic and NOW streaming service on Monday, May 16, in the UK. 