The MP for Stroud told Iain Dale on LBC that from what she’s heard in Parliament and Prime Minister’s Questions, Sir Keir “very rarely” discussed issues such as Ukraine or the cost of living crisis. She accused the Labour leader of being “obsessed with Boris” and leaving voters wondering “what he actually stands for” despite the importance of the upcoming local elections.    She said: “For me, listening to Keir Starmer in parliament when you can hear him over the drama and the noise, particularly at PMQs, he’s just obsessed with Boris. “If there was any analysis done for 2022 on what Keir Starmer has been asking about in parliament, it’s very rarely Ukraine, cost of living or Covid. “It’s been parties, it’s been Boris, he’s just gone on and on and on.” Mr Dale then suggested the reason this was the case was “because the Prime Minister gives him the excuse to ask about him.”    Ms Baillie replied: “But if it wasn't so serious, it would almost be funny that in the run up to the local elections, after all that work Keir Starmer has done to try and create a scandal and cause drama, he’s actually being asked questions about Durham beergate. “I think it just comes back to that question of what he actually stands for. He made a lot of commitments to the very left of his party trying to get the leadership. He’s now moving away from those. “We don’t really hear very much about what his policies are, or what the [Labour] party’s policies are. “It’s all about attack, attack, attack. Captain hindsight, I think, comes up in the focus groups because it’s accurate.” READ MORE: 'British people will never forgive him on Brexit' Kyle slams Starmer [REPORT]   International Trade Secretary Anne-Marie Trevelyan said this morning that Durham Police’s investigation into Sir Keir’s alleged breaking of lockdown rules should be reopened. She said that officers needed to “look at it again” in light of “all the new evidence” that has come forward since the initial allegation. She said that a fixed penalty notice would be “the tool available to” the police, such as the one issued to Mr Johnson. But she added that should Sir Keir be found guilty, she did not “think that is a resigning matter, personally." DON'T MISS: Secret woke alliance would be bad for democracy, says LEO McKINSTRY [OPINION]Boris Johnson's popularity stagnates as calls to resign grow [REPORT]Labour-Lib Dem pact sparks Starmer anti-Brexit alliance claims [REVEAL]   It comes as Sir Keir accused the Conservative Party of “mudslinging” ahead of the local elections by focussing on this issue. He said: "This is a few days from the election, I know what's going on here - Tories are desperately trying to talk about anything other than the cost of living, chucking as much mud as possible. "If they spent as much energy and as much focus on people's bills and the tax that they are whacking people for then millions of people would be grateful for that. "So I think this is classic two or three days before an election mudslinging from the Tories.  