Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has, according to reports, approved a move for Villarreal star Pau Torres. The centre-back was on the club’s radar 12 months ago, back when Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was manager. But the Red Devils ended up settling for the addition of Raphael Varane instead. It was reported on Wednesday that Ten Hag had approved a deal for Torres, at a time where United could lose as many as three central defenders. Eric Bailly and Phil Jones are primed to leave, with the duo both enduring injury-hit spells at Old Trafford, while the club are also open to offloading Axel Tuanzebe as well. Torres has a £55million release clause in his contract but United, apparently, are hoping to seal a deal for in the region of £45m instead. While that may be possible, and the player’s clause could be negotiable, it still suggests United are being stingy. Not for the first time, either. The club have been firm not to overspend on players in recent years, particularly after the failed stints of Romelu Lukaku and Angel Di Maria. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Take last year, for example. Solskjaer made it clear he felt United needed more in the middle of the park in order to challenge the likes of Liverpool and Manchester City for the Premier League title. But the board, having already snapped up Raphael Varane and Jadon Sancho, instead told the Norwegian to work with what he’s got. United were also stingy in January, too. After Anthony Martial moved to Sevilla on loan and Mason Greenwood was arrested, Ralf Rangnick called on the club to take action. “We lost three strikers, long-term,” the German said recently. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag “We should have tried to sign a player in the 48 hours we had, since we knew Mason wouldn’t be available and Anthony had already left on loan. “We were also aware Edinson might not be available for eight out of 10 games, but we didn’t do it. “There were a few. Diaz, who is now at Liverpool, Alvarez, who will be at Manchester City in the summer, and Vlahovic, who at the time was still with Fiorentina. “The answer was 'no' and that was it. I spoke to the board and told them 'shouldn’t we at least speak and analyse and find if we can at least get a player, on loan or a permanent deal'. “In the end the answer was 'no'. Maybe they didn’t want to do any winter business.” In 2020, United were also frugal. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz While their patient approach led to them snapping up Sancho last year, they actually wanted the England international 12 months previously. Dortmund wanted £108m to part ways with their prized asset, who was a crucial player at the Westfalenstadion. And United decided to snap up Edinson Cavani instead. It was a similar story with Jack Grealish, with Solskjaer calling on the board to sign the England international from Aston Villa. But with United deeming Grealish’s price tag to be too high, they then settled for Donny van de Beek as an alternative. Under Jose Mourinho, the board told him there wasn’t money in the pot for the likes of Harry Maguire and Toby Alderweireld. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And Louis van Gaal later revealed, following his sacking in 2016, that he asked for 10 signings - but the Glazers didn’t deliver a single one. Given their wealth, it would be more straightforward for the Red Devils if they just met the asking price of their top transfer targets. History suggests they normally sign an alternative when they can’t cough up the cash. But it is an approach that, overall, works in the long run. That said, United can’t afford to dawdle as they look to hit the ground running under Ten Hag next term. So they’d be better off paying Torres’ release clause right away so they can focus on other, arguably more-pressing areas of their squad instead.