The Eurovision Song Contest is supposed to be an annual friendly entertainment competition among European countries whereby the winners are chosen by music industry experts and a public vote. However, a general consensus has formed over the years that the UK will always be ranked lower, no matter who is performing on stage. The UK hasn't won since 1997 but bookies are ranking the singer as one of this year's firm favourites to bring home the trophy. Katrina and the Waves were crowned UK's Eurovision winners 25 years ago with their hit song Love Shine A Light. Unfortunately, no act after this performance has been able to repeat this success, leading to a cloud of negativity forming over the UK in regards to the Eurovision Song Contest. In 2021, James Newman performed Embers for millions but failed to score any points with either the jury or public vote. This meant that UK's Newman went straight to the bottom of the leaderboard, much to the disappointment of patriotic fans. READ MORE: Eurovision 2022: Italy dealt crushing blow days before final Fast forward to this year and singer Sam Ryder is the next big hopeful with the UK backing him all the way. While speaking to press, including Express.co.uk, Ryder opened up about the perception of the UK not winning Eurovision being down to a dislike from other countries. He said: "What I can say is the attitude of myself and the team from the very beginning was to try and be completely focused on gratitude, it is everything. "Staying positive and keeping the focus on enjoying the experience rather than what the experience could give you in return. "If anything, I would love it, even if we could just have a conversation about that negative stigma and how that perpetuated and got to the place where we are now." Ryder continued: "It's got almost so toxic that we believe that Europe doesn't like the UK. "There are other countries like Norway, they've lost 11 times. God bless Norway, they don't have that feeling. "I think there is a certain sort of habitual thing that we [Britons] do, we complain about the weather even, that's just what it is to be us, right? "But we can turn off this negative loop because I think it's a bit needless now, I don't think it's true. "It certainly isn't true in the experience myself and the team have had travelling here, there and everywhere... there's been nothing but warmth and kindness everywhere we've gone. "There is a responsibility and a duty for us to report back on that and try and do our little bit to even just chip away at that negativity and start shifting the narrative to a more positive one, I think it's about time." DON'T MISS...The Last Kingdom's Eliza Butterworth won’t return as Aelswith in movie [CAST]Who is in the Eurovision final 2022? [EXPLAINER]Eurovision semi-final 2022: Serbia’s Konstrakta causes stir [REACTION] Ryder was first discovered on TikTok in 2020 when he started performing covers on the famous platform. He has paid tribute to artists such as Sia, Lady Gaga, Adele, The Weekend and Rihanna, just to name a few. The 32-year-old now has more than 3.7 million followers on Instagram and 12.4 million on TikTok. In a bid to win Eurovision, Ryder will be performing his song Space Man on the night. Ryder co-wrote the Eurovision entry alongside Grammy Award-winning songwriter Amy Wadge. She is best known for her writing partnership with Ed Sheeran on the Thinking Out Loud single. But will the catchy tune be enough to win the UK those all-important votes? The Eurovision Song Contest finale airs on Saturday, May 14, at 8pm on BBC One.