Emma Raducanu has been sent a classy message by Anhelina Kalinina after being knocked out of the Madrid Open by the Ukrainian. Raducanu was plagued by yet more physical issues as she eventually lost 6-2, 2-6, 6-4. “I want to give credit to Emma because I think we both played very good quality tennis,” Kalinina said after the match. “The match was great in my opinion. I appreciate in this moment I was maybe luckier and I did better in the decisive points. I am happy I won this match.” Kalinina dominated the early stages of the match in Spain as she broke Raducanu to love in the very first service game before going on to comfortably take the opening set. Raducanu was then treated for a back issue ahead of the second set but remarkably battled back to level the scores at one set apiece. The Briton appeared to be getting the upper hand but was broken early in the third set as she fell 3-1 behind. But she was given a lifeline as she fought back to draw level once again. Kalinina ultimately had too much for the 19-year-old, however, and broke once more to move 5-4 in front before closing the match out. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic snubs Roger Federer for 'greatest rival' Rafael Nadal Raducanu only made her clay-court debut last month but has shown she can compete on the surface. And she will now be desperate to put a strong run together at next week’s Italian Open in Rome ahead of the French Open, which gets underway later this month. Raducanu stunned the tennis world last year when she overcame Canada's Leylah Fernandez to lift the US Open trophy and become the first qualifier in history - male or female - to win a Grand Slam title. And she also became the youngest Grand Slam champion since 17-year-old Maria Sharapova won Wimbledon in 2004. DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic claims it's 'fantastic' to see 'inspiring' Murray winBoris Becker's ex-wife gives update on tennis icon in jailDjokovic 'getting back to old self' as Nadal fired French Open warning  But she has struggled to back that victory up and has exited a string of tournaments in the early rounds. In January, she struggled with a blister on her racket hand at the Australian Open and then retired with a leg injury during the first round of the Mexican Open in February. And she had to contend with blister issues on her right foot during her Billie Jean King Cup defeat to Marketa Vondrousova last month. But after her latest defeat, the teenage sensation insisted she’s moving in the right direction. “Throughout the week I have been carrying some niggles and it's kind of just taking its toll - all of the matches at this kind of level,” Raducanu said. “I think that's a good thing that I feel like I'm going through this and my body is building with each match I play.” 