Mercedes chief Toto Wolff has said he is "happy" the team ignored a request from Lewis Hamilton to retire him after a collision with Kevin Magnussen. The pair collided on the opening lap of the Spanish Grand Prix, with the incident causing Hamilton to offer to quit the race. Speaking on the team radio, he said: "I would save this engine guys if I was you. I'm sorry." However, Mercedes denied Hamilton's request and the Brit ended up recovering to finish fifth. And Wolff has claimed it was the "most valuable race" for Mercedes, telling Sky Sports: "It's always the call when you've lost the race to decide what is the benefit of continuing. "From a driver's perspective, you know, 'that can't be possible, I'm 50 seconds behind the leaders', but it's still valuable mileage and we are never giving up anyway. In the end, the race pace was tidy. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton opens up on 'horrible feeling' in Spanish GP "He [Hamilton] would have raced for the win. I'm happy we didn't retire Lewis because that was the most valuable race from us to compare the two cars, to compare their setups and tyres." And Hamilton was also appreciative Mercedes did not let him retire, revealing he made the suggestion because he thought a points finish would be "impossible". Speaking after the race, he said: "Obviously I was hoping for a smoother race without the issue at the beginning. "I was 30 seconds, at one stage, behind last. Having seen where I was, if you think back in Jeddah where I started 15th and I struggled to get into the top 10 I was thinking it was going to be impossible to get back into the points positions. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton crashes with Kevin Magnussen in nightmare opening lapSpanish Grand Prix: Max Verstappen wins chaotic race ahead of PerezMercedes predict they will 'close down' Ferrari and Red Bull "I was 30 seconds behind so I’m like, if I’m going to use the whole engine to drive around in last or out of the top 15 and at some point we might have to take a penalty or something like that. I don’t know if reliability is an issue, we’ve already seen today at the end there was something. "But I was like, we might as well just save the engine so we live to fight another day. But I’m glad we didn’t and it just shows that you never stop and never give up and that’s what I did."