Yellowstone was last seen at the beginning of the year when series four came to a dramatic end with an unexpected death and cracks starting to deepen within the Dutton ranks. The Paramount Network series has been a smash hit for the past four years and fans are now eager for the next lot of instalments to come out. Thankfully, wheels are in motion on the set of the Yellowstone ranch. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Yellowstone. Yellowstone's season four premiered on Sunday, November 7, 2021 on Paramount Network in America, reaching its conclusion on January 2. Fans were waiting far longer than usual for this series as up until this fourth outing, premiere dates have been sometime in June. But due to the delays in filming thanks to the coronavirus pandemic, this has meant the release date being pushed back further than expected. Season five was confirmed earlier this year and unlike the last series, fans didn't have to wait too long to find out when Yellowstone would be back. READ MORE: Coronation Street fans work out Phill's sinister link to Pat Phelan Yellowstone season five will premiere later this year, on Sunday, November 13, on Paramount Network. Production on the drama, starring actor Kevin Costner as the head of the household John Dutton, is already underway in Montana where the show is set. There has been no official confirmation on how many episodes it will consist of but given the past seasons, series five is most likely to have 10 instalments. Following series four, there will be plenty of drama to unpack in this upcoming season. John and Beth Dutton (played by Kelly Reilly) were at loggerheads as he befriended vegan activist Summer Higgins (Piper Perabo). Beth quickly grew jealous of this "friendship" and so decided to get her out of the way by manipulating Summer and her friends to protest a Market Equities building site. The protest quickly grew out of control and Summer ended up hitting a police officer. The case was taken to court and due to her various crimes in the past to do with her vegan activism, she was sent to prison, much to John's fury. He threatened to kick Beth off of the ranch, clearly raging at her, leaving Beth devastated at disappointing her father. DON'T MISS...Sally Dexter partner: Is Emmerdale's Faith Dingle star married? [RELATIONSHIP]Yellowstone cast share gobsmacked reactions as over 1932 casting [CAST]Yellowstone season 5 theory: Monica to help Jamie escape blackmail? [THEORY] Beth was in the middle of another important storyline by the end of season four but this time, it involved Jamie Dutton (Wes Bentley). Jamie had discovered his biological dad was Garrett Randall (Will Patton) but thanks to some digging, she found out that he was behind the rest of the family's attacks in the explosive series three finale. She swore she would kill Jamie if he didn't do the "right thing" and murder his own dad. Feeling massively conflicted, Jamie came to the decision to shoot Garrett in the head behind his back, just after they said they loved one another. Season four also saw the return of Jimmy Hurdstrom (Jefferson White) who had spent some time at the famous 6666 ranch in Texas. John sent him there so he could learn more of the skills to make a great cowboy and received the family's approval when he showed off what he had learned. This subplot acted as a backdoor pilot for the next Yellowstone spin-off 6666 which is expected to premiere this year. Yellowstone season 5 will premiere on Sunday, November 13, on Paramount Network in America. A UK release date hasn't yet been confirmed.