Princess Beatrice, 33, was joined by her husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi last night, May 11, as she stepped out to attend the charity preview night of A Gallop Through History. The show's viewing was part of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations, and took place in Windsor Castle. Beatrice looked ravishing for the event as she donned a floor-length floral gown. The dress was from royal favourite brand The Vampire's Wife, whose pieces have been seen on the likes of Kate Middleton and Sophie Wessex, as well as Beatrice and her sister Eugenie. Beatrice's 'Susie' style dress featured three-quarter-length sleeves, a tight bodice, and a tiered skirt. The skirt was tight but billowed slightly in a peplum-like style from the knees. READ MORE: Kate and William ‘looking to emulate Harry and Meg’ with rebranding? The 'Susie' style dress was on sale on The Vampire's Wife's website for a whopping £1,375. However, it is no longer in stock. The dress, which had a shiny gloss to it, was adorned with pink, blue, yellow, and white flowers. The Princess paired it with silver jewellery, including large earrings.  Beatrice's silver earrings were leaf-shaped and reached her shoulders. She completed her look with a silver bracelet, a gold bracelet, and a pair of chunky black heels. Her blonde locks had been ironed straight and fell across her shoulder and back. As for make-up, Beatrice donned her usual look of subtle dark eye make-up, a little blush, and a slick of pink lipgloss. Royal fans were quick to share their opinion on Beatrice's outfit last night. Twitter user @WomenofWindsor wrote: "Princess Beatrice looked amazing last night with Edoardo." User @CambridgeCrown said: "Wow she looks lovely here!" User @loveforcambridge commented: "Loved their outfits! Very elegant." The first two-hour performance of A Gallop Through History took place last night, but the show will continue for another three nights. It will culminate on Sunday, when it is broadcast live on ITV, and will be attended the Queen if she is well enough. Split into four acts, the show takes the audience on a musical journey that features classic tunes from Land of Hope and Glory and I Vow to Thee My Country to Abba. Tonight, May 12, the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester are expected to attend the second part of the show.