Ferrari's protest against Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez at the Monaco Grand Prix has been rejected by the FIA. Perez took first and Verstappen third in Sunday's race, but the Prancing Horse were keen to draw attention to what they saw as pit exit infringements from the Red Bull duo. Ferrari team principal Mattia Binotto claimed that Perez and Verstappen crossed the yellow line when leaving the pits in an attempt to stay ahead of Carlos Sainz and Charles Leclerc. Whether illegal or not, the tactic worked as Perez took the lead of the race and Verstappen stayed ahead of title rival Leclerc. And the leading quartet remained in that order until the end, allowing Red Bull to extend their lead in the Constructors' Championship and Verstappen to do the same in the individual standings. Binotto called the infringements a 'clear rules breach', and a Red Bull representative was summoned to stewards after the Grand Prix. DON'T MISS: Lewis Hamilton reacts to eighth place finish at Monaco GP as struggles continue "I think both Red Bulls were on the yellow line at the exit and in the past that has always been penalised with a five-second penalty," Binotto told Sky Sports. Given that all four of the front-runners were bumper-to-bumper by the time the chequered flag was waved, such penalties would have had a dramatic effect on the race result. But two hours after being summoned, the protest was rejected by stewards in Monaco. The verdict will come as no surprise to Binotto's Red Bull counterpart, Christian Horner, who was not overly concerned that Ferrari were keen to take action.  "All the footage we have seen, we have been content with," he claimed, adding that no discussions with the FIA had taken place over the matter during the race. Verstappen's comments will have rubbed salt in Ferrari wounds as he stated Leclerc 'would have passed him' if he was not so aggressive during his pit-lane exit. It was a torrid afternoon in general for Leclerc, who started on pole but fell away to fourth after a huge pit-lane mistake. Indecision over the team radio led the Monegasque to stop for new tyres at the same time as Carlos Sainz, leading to a furious outburst as chances of his first-ever Monaco victory slipped away. After the race, the devastated F1 star had 'no words' for his team.  Leclerc also qualified on pole last year, before a gearbox issue prevented him from starting the race. Taking fourth spot on Sunday were the first points he has ever collected from his home race, but it could have been so much more, and he was already discussing his 'dream' win after sweeping all three qualifying sessions on Saturday. With Red Bull's first and third now safe and sound, they can admire their comfortable position and gear up for the season's next instalment in Azerbaijan two weeks down the line. The top prizes seem bound for either their garage or Ferrari's, with Mercedes falling further behind after a mixed bag in Monaco. 