Sky News presenter Jacquie Beltrao, 57, has updated her Twitter followers after her sister had brain surgery. Jacquie said the situation was “incredibly worrying” but assured fans she was recovering well. In view of her 93k followers, Jacquie wrote: “My sister had brain surgery yesterday 6 hours - she’s OK but it was incredibly worrying thank you @NHSEnglandLDN @StGeorgesTrust thank you so so much”. Chris replied: “Thinking about you. NHS simply the best!! Look after yourself. Best wIshes.” Katy added: “Good grief, I am so glad she is ok and shes through the operation, keep holding that hand be safe... Xxx”. Adrian wrote: “My best wishes to your sister (and to you) that have gone through so much, good luck my friend”. Some of Jacquie’s fans remarked on the spate of bad luck plaguing the family. During lockdown in 2020, she discovered a lump near her collarbone, and it turned out to be stage four breast cancer. The former Olympic gymnast had also beaten the illness once before in 2014, but now it had returned. “In June 2020, I was absolutely floored when I discovered a small lump below my right collarbone,” she told The Sun. "Even though it was up near my neck, it was still the breast tissue, and I was told it was stage four breast cancer. "Eduardo was on a call when I got the results from my doctor and I ran into the room crying: 'How can this be happening to me again?’" The presenter continued, saying she feels that cancer never really “goes away” and that it is “sneaky.” But in February, she confirmed her latest scan results had been positive. DON'T MISS...Demi Rose sets pulses racing as she flashes bottom [PHOTOS] Only Fools and Horses David Jason in rare sighting at Clarkson's Farm [UPDATE]Jenny Ryan issues apology as she's forced to pull out of show [LATEST] In messages written on pieces of paper which Jacquie held up in a video, read: “This #breakingnews is the only news I wanted this weekend. “I live on a tightrope - scan to scan - living life in chunks of 3 months. “So three out of three NED scans is just THE BEST. “Thank you everyone on here for your support & positivity - makes a difference. "The scans are in and… I got NOTHING! Yay me!” Jacquie’s most recent scan showed that her cancer was no longer there, but she said she knows this doesn’t mean she is fully cured. The star also revealed in September that she was battling osteoporosis due to all her cancer medication. According to the NHS website, osteoporosis weakens bones, making them fragile and more likely to break.