Camilla and Prince Charles have now been married for 17 years. The Prince of Wales, similarly to his own son William, chose a ring with a familial link when proposing to his partner. But what does it look like?  Daena Borrowman, the Marketing Manager at jewellerybox, spoke to Express.co.uk about Camilla’s jewellery collection. She said: “The Duchess of Cornwall possesses a magnificent collection of jewels worth millions. “However, pearl jewellery is the closest to her heart. “Camilla regularly wears jewellery from the Queen and the late Queen Mother’s collections.  READ MORE: Princess Anne's 'healthy' diet includes unusual breakfast “But the piece that she has worn the most and looks her best in is the Greville tiara. “Interestingly, the £100,000 art deco engagement ring that Prince Charles used to propose to her was originally a gift to the Queen Mother at the birth of the then Princess Elizabeth.” Charlotte White, head of design at Europe's largest online diamond jeweller 77 Diamonds, also spoke to Express.co.uk about Camilla’s engagement ring and its sentimental value. The expert said: "When Prince Charles got down on one knee and asked Camilla to marry him in 2005, he did so with a clean, contemporary, magnificent diamond engagement ring.  “More reminiscent of the geometric bold lines favoured by today's young fashionistas, in contrast to, for example, the classic and opulent oval and diamond halo of Princess Diana's sapphire ring. “It was passed down to him from the Queen Mother, who was first pictured wearing it in the 1980s. “Although the royal household has never divulged its date of creation or why it was commissioned, they have called it a family heirloom, implying a certain depth of history,” the expert claimed. But why was it owned by the Royal Family?  Charlotte added: “Some speculate that the ring was in fact made to celebrate Queen Elizabeth II's birth in 1926. “The ring itself is an art-deco piece and features five carats of emerald-cut diamonds. “Emerald cut diamonds are a rectangular shape with cropped corners. “They also have a step cut, which comprises facets arranged as parallel lines on all four sides.  “This creates what diamond industry insiders call a hall of mirrors effect as the light ripples over the glittering stone." The royal couple announced their plans to marry in February 2005. Prince Charles spoke about his engagement in glowing terms: "Mrs Parker Bowles and I are absolutely delighted. “It will be a very special day for us and our families." 