Prince Harry grew up playing polo with his dad Prince Charles and his older brother, Prince William. But what other sports does the Prince play? Harry appeared on The Late Late Show With James Corden in 2021 and participated in an eight-course Spartan Race.  From a Hercules hoist to a 60-pound weighted Atlas carry, Prince Harry played like a Spartan. As a member of the British Armed Forces for 10 years, Prince Harry has the advantage of special military training. But what is his current wellness routine like? Prior to his royal wedding, Harry was reportedly seeing a personal trainer every morning to help him stay fit.  The Prince prefers his workout regimen to include strength training, using barbells and dumbbells. This is a practice that may stem from his military background. He took up boxing in 2017, a high-intensity training routine, as an outlet for his intense emotions surrounding his mother's untimely death, which still affects him today. In addition to fitness, Prince Harry also hired a nutritionist, Gabriela Peacock, one of London's leading dietitians who has serviced many royals in the past, including Princess Eugenie.   Following a diet consisting of high protein and minimal sugar, along with supplements for improved sleep, the strict nutrition plan would help to keep the Duke of Sussex in optimal health. Kicking a reported smoking habit has likely been a crucial contribution to his wellness, as smoking can cause damaging health effects. With his party days behind him, the young father chooses to incorporate these health-conscious choices into his lifestyle. With the support of Meghan Markle who is very health-conscious, it is no wonder Harry stays in supreme shape.  Behavioural expert Darren Stanton previously told Express.co.uk: “Harry’s change in diet could be indicative of Meghan’s influence on him within their relationship to be more adventurous. “Despite moving Stateside, however, Harry still longs for a touch of tradition and is said to love a Sunday roast, with him and Meghan often cooking a roasted chicken together.” The Duke, who was pictured playing polo last week, will play the rest of the 12-goal polo season at Santa Barbara, California with his Los Padres teammates, royal commentator Omid Scobie announced. Harry will reportedly participate in the Folded Hills Pope Challenge between May 9-15, the Lisle Nixon Cup from May 20-29 as well as the Cheval Athletics USPA Intra-Circuit which runs June 3-19.  His commitment to the June tournament could mean that Harry is not planning to attend the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, though he could still attend main events if his schedule permits it. The Jubilee bank holiday begins on Thursday, June 2, running to Sunday, June 5, with Royal Family appearances expected on the Buckingham Palace balcony at either end of the celebration. But the Queen's appearance on the balcony at Buckingham Palace to mark the finale of her Platinum Jubilee celebrations is “by no means guaranteed”, a royal source has said. The polo matches in Santa Barbara are played on Friday and Sunday afternoons. 