Her Majesty will mark 70 years on the throne with a four-day national celebration next week. Members of the royal family will take part in a number of high-profile events kicking off with the Trooping the Colour ceremony when the Queen is due to appear alongside other senior royals on Buckingham Palace balcony. The monarch wants the events, which will run over the long bank holiday weekend from Thursday to Sunday, to “be an occasion in which the country, including her own family, comes together”. An unnamed insider told The Daily Mail: “Her Majesty is typically very keen that the Platinum Jubilee be a celebration not of herself and her own longevity, but of the institution of the monarchy and the people that support and sustain it. “It is also a chance for people to come together after a very difficult period for this country. She doesn't want anything to overshadow it – and that includes any family issues.” Her Majesty is set to welcome Prince Harry and Meghan Markle to Windsor Castle next week along with their children Archie, three, and 11-month-old Lilibet, who is reportedly due to meet her great-grandmother for the first time. It will mark the first time young Archie returns to the UK after the family moved to the United States in 2020 after they stepped back as senior members of the Royal Family.  Royal commentators have claimed Harry’s brother Prince William was dismayed by the pair’s decision. The relationship between the two brothers is thought to have been strained since the move. Harry has also spoken about the difficulties in his relationship with his father, Prince Charles, telling Oprah Winfrey in 2021 he thought he had failed to protect him from “suffering” as a child. It is currently unclear whether the Sussex family will spend time together with the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and their three children, George, eight, Charlotte, seven, and four-year-old Louis. The Sussexes have not spent much time with fellow royals since they relocated to the US, with Harry having only briefly seen his grandmother, father and brother in the past two years. READ MORE: Queen tipped to 'take part in as much as she can' during Jubilee  The pair made a secret visit to the Queen in April before travelling to The Hague in the Netherlands for the Invictus Games. Some royal observers have suggested their Jubilee visit may be an opportunity for the family to heal some of the tensions. Former BBC royal correspondent Michael Cole recently told GB News: “This is an opportunity and I hope he (Harry) takes it to try and mend fences with his brother, Prince William, in particular, who quite clearly resented very much the inference (eluding to Harry and Meghan's interview with Oprah) that racism was infecting the Royal Family, as he said, 'this is very much not a racist family'. “That obviously hurt him because the spotlight was on him. But there are opportunities and Princess Diana will be willing them to mend their fences because she always believed that her two sons whatever happened would be there for each other. “This is a rare opportunity where Prince Harry can actually reach out to his brother and try and mend those fences because it's important to do it.” DON'T MISS:Royal Family Live: Meghan and Harry to be just ‘part of the crowd' [LIVE]Eight fire engines on scene at massive blaze of city centre hotel [BREAKING]Meghan Markle held her children ‘tighter’ after Texas shooting [LATEST]  The Sussexes confirmed they will be travelling to the UK along with their two children this month. It will be the first time they return to the UK with their children since stepping back as senior royals. Confirming the news in a statement earlier this month, a spokesperson for the couple said: “Prince Harry and Meghan, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, are excited and honoured to attend the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations this June with their children.” It is currently unclear which events they will attend. 