Carol Kirkwood was sent well-wishes from Sally Nugent and Jon Kay on Monday's BBC Breakfast as she confirmed she is engaged. She happily flashed her ring as she presented from the Chelsea Flower Show on the BBC show. Sally commented: "I'm a bit concerned about how you're standing up with a giant rock on that left hand." "Thank you Sal! It is rather nice. I got engaged!" Carol confirmed as she flashed her ring and smiled. Sally continued: "It's the happiest news! We are so, so delighted. Congratulations. "Can we confirm to the nation what has happened?" READ MORE: Ozark season 4 theory: Jonah actually shot Wendy as fans spot key clue "Oh thank you! I think you just have Sally," Carol laughed. "We got engaged when we were on holiday. So it's lovely news and we're both thrilled. Thank you!" "We're all so chuffed for yuo carol, on behalf of everyone here and everyone at home too," Jon added. The whole studio erupted in applause as Carol beamed at the camera. "Are you looking for a spot for the marquee while you're at Chelsea?" Jon asked. Carol laughed: "I'm taking note of all the flowers Jon. No, no plans afoot yet." "Congratulations, we love you both," Sally said before confirming she had known for a while. Carol has received an influx of messages on social media to congratulate the presenter. DON'T MISS...Holly Willoughby suffers huge blow after show is 'axed' [LATEST]Eric Knowles nationality: What is Bargain Hunt expert's nationality? [INSIGHT]Silent Witness: Who is Clarissa's husband in Silent Witness?  [EXPLAINER] Her BBC co-star Mike Bushell commented: "Wow, what fabulous news to wake up to today. Huge congratulations to wonderful friend and colleague @carolkirkwood so chuffed for you on your engagement." Ray Wild gushed: "Good morning Carol, congratulations on your engagement. Best wishes for a happy future." Diana Mahon added: "Congratulations @carolkirkwood, delighted at your news revealed today! Wishing you both much happiness for the future." An eagle-eyed Linda Whitehead said: "Congratulations Carol on your engagement. My husband who normally notices nothing had spotted it on your finger before the announcement." An eagle-eyed Linda Whitehead said: "Congratulations Carol on your engagement. My husband who normally notices nothing had spotted it on your finger before the announcement." Larry said: "Congrats Carol wishing you all of the happiness. Despite the cloud, your news has brightened my day." BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One from 6am.