Briefly united with her husband for a television interview, Olena showed remarkable composure. When the interviewer said "The war basically took your husband away from you", Olena replied: "Nobody takes my husband away from me, not even the war". Although she hadn't seen her husband for two and a half months, Olena the pair ate dinner at the same time every night while talking on the phone. Olena epitomises the long-forgotten word "steadfast". She is loyal. She is uncomplaining. She refuses to turn her own fears into an epic tear-jerking blockbuster. As "First Lady", she is aware that other women turn to her for reassurance. She projects fortitude and above all love and support for her husband. It's easy to forget she married an actor and comedian. Imagine tying the knot with Rowan Atkinson and watching him morph into Boris Johnson. Imagine thinking you'll show up to a few first nights and munch the occasional vol-au-vent and finding yourself First Lady of a war-torn country. Olena didn't sign up for that, yet her bearing and dignity are exemplary. She doesn't want to be worshipped. She's no Evita-in-waiting. She doesn't want her husband to be re-branded a hero, even though most UK observers seem him as a combination of Churchill and Superman. "He was a reliable husband and a reliable man before, and he remains that," she said. "His point of view hasn't changed.The way he is wired hasn't changed." She is clearly fearful for her husband and country but too mindful of her duty to show it. Olena only comes close to tears when recalling the fateful morning in February that she and the rest of her countryfolk awoke to a terrible noise and she found that her husband was "not by my side. He said: 'It has started'. I can't describe the emotions, anxious and overwhelmed. After that we didn't see each other for a very long time." Both Zelenskys described their delight at being united on the television. The president called it "a date on TV". Couple goals, indeed.  I never thought I'd write the words Bucks Fizz and Sharon Stone, left, in the same sentence, but La Stone's latest foray on the Cannes red carpet surely pays homage to the band's pivotal sartorial contribution to popular culture. I refer of course to the 1981 Eurovision "boys whisking off the girls' skirts" moment. Stone, 64, reprised it precisely as two flunkeys whipped off the panniers of her blue and white "teapot" gown in what was effectively an affectionate tribute to the Making Your Mind Up performance. And why not? Inspiration occurs in all sorts of unexpected avenues. How long until Kim Kardashian appears in an outfit purloined from Brotherhood of Man? A shiny green survey by BBC Gardeners' World Magazine confirms what those of us who toil in our herbaceous borders already know. Gardening is salve for the spirit. The scent, the sweat, the calloused hands, slugs and snails, marauding squirrels and sweet self-seeding surprises - all of it. Of course we find that the majority of gardeners are happy. We know why. The elixir is the combination of waiting, disappointment, elation and quiet satisfaction. By the time you read this I'll have subsumed this year's Chelsea Flower Show into my DNA. Bliss. What a shame Ukrainian refugee Sofiia Karkadym 22, waltzed off with her married host just 10 days after arriving for sanctuary in the home he shared with his wife. Sofiia's supersonic conquest of Tony Garnett, 29, flourished partly because Tony's wife Lorna expressed her horror at the chemistry fizzing between the two - not realising that Sofiia's fluent English meant she understood every syllable. Sofiia seems pretty quick on the uptake, posing in a tabloid paper in short shorts. Let's hope that the damage is confined to just one fractured family and doesn't seep into public consciousness, stopping families opening their doors to Ukrainians in need. Happy birthday to the miraculous Dame Joan Collins who was 89 yesterday. I've been privileged to be in her company twice recently. The first time was on This Morning. Her besotted husband Percy Gibson happily held her handbag while she delivered glamour and pithy apercus with staggering speed. The second was at Professor Jonathan Shalit's party at the Baftas. She shimmered in skintight chiffon, dispensing bon mots to an enthralled crowd while quaffing cocktails, and wearing the highest heels imaginable with effortless ease. Her beauty is matter of record but her joie de vivre as she approaches her 10th decade is awe-inspiring. I wonder what her secret could be? In fact, I'd pay good money to find out. We are chomping through 900 calories a day we don't admit to... even to ourselves. But it's so easy. I consider a choc ice compulsory if the sun makes even a fleeting appearance. A choc ice is no fun without a fizzy drink. Fit those in before lunch, afternoon tea, squeeze in supper and a handful of biscuits, and it's impossible to own up to the barrel-load of calories you have managed to ingest. Frankly, obfuscate though we might, it matters not. The waistband always tells the tale anyway.