Amid an increasing number of migrants coming into the UK, the former Brexit leader Nigel Farage has taken aim at UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson for not delivering on his 2019 campaign promise on immigration.  In 2019, the Conservative Party manifesto pledged to keep immigration under control with an Australia-style points-based system. But official figures show a soaring number of workers and students – there were about 240,000 work-related visas granted in 2020, 25 percent higher than in 2019. Speaking to GB News viewers, Farage ranted: "This is the biggest Brexit betrayal. "The level of legal immigration is huge. "It looks like we will be heading for a record year of net migration into the United Kingdom. "This is not what we voted for either in the referendum or when we gave Boris Johnson a massive majority of seats." "And we can talk about Northern Ireland, we can talk about fisheries and many other things", Farage said. "The fact is immigration figures are going to be even bigger than they were under Tony Blair." Under former Prime Minister Tony Blair, net annual immigration quadrupled between 1997 and 2010. And in Labour’s last term in Government, net migration rose to an average of 247,000 a year. "Now in response to this, a group of Red Wall MPs – a couple of dozen Red Wall MPs – are saying this undeniably undermines Brexit promises, manifesto promises. "And I have to say, there are so many in Westminster whether that’s in politics, whether it’s in the media, who would rather we never ever debated his subject." READ MORE: Boris Johnson slams Sadiq Khan's 'burdensome' ULEZ expansion plans "Rather, it was rushed under the carpet", Farage continued. "But I wonder, is there anyone of you watching this now that has not seen a fundamental change in our way of life as a result of a massive explosion of the population? "Our population has risen by ten million. "And that’s the official figure. "I’m sure the reality is much higher." DON'T MISS: Boris Johnson LEAKED party photos in full: All four pictures of PM [REVEAL]Nicola Sturgeon told joining euro is 'main problem' of independence [REPORT]New Boris Johnson pictures LEAKED at No10 party - pressure mounts [ANALYSIS] "It’s risen by ten million since Tony Blair won that election 25 years ago. "And whether it’s getting GP appointments, whether it’s our busy roads are, whether it’s getting our kids into local schools. "I think we’re all feeling the impact of a massively rising population. "And right now, there’s nothing to stop it whatsoever."