Charles, 73, and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, 74, today kicked off their three-day tour of Canada on behalf of the Queen, who is the Commonwealth nation’s head of state. The couple were greeted by schoolchildren, who waved flags after they touched down in St. John's in Newfoundland and Labrador. The Prince of Wales and his wife also met senior leaders from local indigenous communities, Canada's Governor General and Canadian Prime Minister, Justin Trudeau. “But how that looks and what kind of costs are involved, there are still lots of discussions to have. “There is a general feeling of appreciation for the Sussexes.” Mr Trudeau was discussing the security arrangements for the couple and their first child Archie. It was later confirmed that the Royal Canadian Mounted Police had been assisting the couple after their arrival in Canada. Mr Trudeau said at the time: “There are still a lot of decisions to be taken by the Royal Family, by the Sussexes themselves as to what level of engagement they choose to have. “We are obviously supportive of their reflections but have responsibilities in that as well. “We’re not entirely sure what the final decisions will be.” The Prime Minister’s intervention came after the Sussexes announced their bid to “work to become financially independent”. In a statement posted to Instagram they said: “We now plan to balance our time between the United Kingdom and North America, continuing to honour our duty to the Queen, the Commonwealth, and our patronages.” The Queen confirmed in February last year that Meghan and Harry would not return to the Royal Family as working royals. DON'T MISS: Queen delights fans with reaction to Helen Mirren’s performance at Jubilee celebration [LATEST]Queen has embraced technology ‘very well’ in becoming a ‘Zoom monarch’ [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Do you think Royal Family is becoming too political? [ANALYSIS] The Sussexes now live in Montecito, California, where they are raising Archie and their daughter Lilibet, who was born there. The couple will both fly to the UK this summer to coincide with the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. However, Meghan and Harry will not participate in the celebrations to mark the 70-year reign of Britain’s longest-serving monarch. Buckingham Palace outlined the arrangements for the landmark royal milestone earlier this month. It confirmed that neither Meghan, Harry nor Prince Andrew will appear on the Palace balcony on June 2. Only “members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties” will join the Queen for the iconic appearance. The Royal Family traditionally takes to the balcony for Trooping the Colour, a parade that marks the Sovereign’s official birthday. Members of ‘The Firm’ will wave to the crowds and watch a flypast by the RAF from the balcony as part of the Jubilee celebrations taking place from June 2 to 5.