The RHS Chelsea Flower Show is a must visit annual event, attended by thousands over the course of the week - often including the royal Family among its visitors. Take in the spectacular Show Gardens for some incredible designs, or wander through the Great Pavilion for a stunning array of brightly coloured displays along with experts on hand to offer advice. Returning again this year after its popular debut in 2021 is the Houseplant Studios, where help is at hand from The Plant Clinic and more. This year’s RHS Chelsea Flower Show runs from May 24 to 28, 2022. From Tuesday to Friday, the opening hours will be 8am until 8pm. While on Saturday, May 28, the show will close early, at 5.30pm. It’s important to note that Tuesday and Wednesday are the RHS Members’ Dayts, while Thursday and Friday are general admission. The show is held at London Gate, Chelsea in London. The nearest London Underground station is Sloane Square, which is served by the District and Circle line and is about 10 minutes from the venue. The nearest National Rail train station is London Victoria, where you can pick up a shuttle bus service to the show ground which is in operation from Buckingham Palace Road every 1- minutes. Tickets cost £3 for a single and £5 for a return. Car parking is available at Battersea Park and must be pre-booked. It’s around a 20 minute walk from there to the show ground or alternative the shuttle is also running from Battersea Park at Barrack Gate, and is included as part of you car park ticket. DON'T MISSHow to 'prevent weed growth' in the long-term [EXPERT]Why are bees so important? 5 'best' bee-friendly flowers [INSIGHT]What's wrong with your plant? Six plant diseases and key signs [EXPLAINER] Tickets for the Chelsea Flower Show are on sale now and you can buy them right here. Prices start at £40.85 for members for 3.30pm to 8pm entrance, or from £45.85 for general admission. Tickets are selling out fast however, and currently only the following price brackets remain for general admission: The Queen has been a loyal fan of the RHS Chelsea Flower Show, but hasn’t been able to make it in the past few years. But this year, as she marks her Platinum Jubilee, she’s hoping to return to the show ground once again. Daily Express Royal Reporter Richard Palmer said: “The Queen hopes to attend the Chelsea Flower Show on Monday when the royal party will comprise the Earl and Countess of Wessex, Princess Beatrice, the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester, the Duke of Kent, Prince and Princess Michael of Kent, and Princess Alexandra.” Kate, Duchess of Cambridge has previously designed a garden as part of the flower show, but is not currently on the list to attend.