Last month, Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle visited the UK together for the first time since their shock exit from the Royal Family two years ago. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex travelled to Windsor where they met with Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, and later, the Queen. Their secret stop-off has raised questions about whether the couple will return for Her Majesty’s upcoming Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Harry and Meghan have reportedly been invited to join the Royal Family on Buckingham Palace balcony during the extended weekend in June. In an interview with NBC’s Hoda Kotb during the Invictus Games last month, Harry admitted that he missed his family in the UK. Asked if he missed his family at home, he said "yes", adding "especially over the last two years, for most people, have we not missed their families? Right?" When asked specifically if he missed his brother and father, Prince William and Charles, he stopped short of answering directly, saying he was focused on competitors at the Invictus Games, but did continue to say he missed his family “massively”. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'eager' to come back as part-time royals – fresh claim He said: "Look, I mean... at the moment, I'm here focused on these guys and these families and giving everything I can, 120% to them to make sure that they have the experience of a lifetime. "That's my focus here. And when I leave here, I go back, and my focus is my family, who I miss massively." Celebrity astrologer, Emili Adame, told the To Di For Daily podcast last month that the Duke may be “rethinking” his breakaway from the Royal Family and wishes to find a way to move forward. She said: “Now we’re seeing that he holds on again to the past. There’s nostalgia there. “So… this breakaway that he’s had, he’s, he’s kind of rethinking some of this. He’s rethinking how he wants to move forward.” Ms Adame continued to say that Harry’s “heart is in the UK” and he wishes to “reconnect” with his family. She said: “I do feel like he wants to reconnect. I do feel that this is part of their [Harry and Meghan] issue that they’re having personally together. “I do feel that there are conversations. I feel that he’s actively trying right now. Whether or not it will be well received, whether or not it will amount to anything in the future. DON'T MISS Meghan political hopes dashed as Duchess is 'too thin skinned' [REVEAL] Meghan and Harry have 'learned two lessons in quick succession' [INSIGHT] Queen's health 'more perilous' as Royal Family facing knife-edge [REPORT] “I can’t really see that at this moment, because there’s a lot of energy blocking in between their relationship… where they’re at odds with this. Ms Adame added: “Again, they’re trying to forge their own paths. They’re together but his heart right now… I feel is in the UK. “And, of course, he loves his wife and his kids and his heart is with them too. “But he is having some regret right now with the way that things were handled.” Harry and Meghan’s exit from the Firm sent shockwaves through the Royal Family. A year later, the couple sat down with Oprah Winfrey in what turned out to be a bombshell interview, during which they claimed part of the reason for their departure was a “lack of support and understanding” from the family. While Meghan had not been on British soil until their recent visit, Harry had returned twice before — once for the funeral of his grandfather, Prince Philip, and second for the unveiling of a statue in tribute to his late mother, Diana, Princess of Wales. Their return has been described as the first step in building bridges between them and the Royal Family. However, the brief meeting with his father has since been described as “edgy” and “tense”. Moreover, the Duke was not reunited with his older brother, Prince William, and his wife, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, as they were on a family ski trip in France at the time. Harry’s subsequent interview with Ms Kotb — during which he swerved a question about his father and brother — further exacerbated reports of a rift between the princes. Harry spoke fondly of his meeting with the Queen, saying it was “great to see her” and that the pair shared a “special bond”. He also claimed that he was “making sure she's protected and has got the right people around her.” Some royal experts have claimed that his comments were directed at Charles and William. Writing in The Sun last month, Angela Levin, author of ‘Harry: A Biography of a Prince’, said that his remarks were a “gross insult” to his father and brother. Robert Jobson, author of the upcoming book, ‘William At 40: The Making of a Modern Monarch’, has claimed that the comment was "a bit of a wind up" aimed Prince William. Speaking to True Royalty's The Royal Beat last week, Mr Jobson said: "You know with his brother [William] that was a bit of a wind up, to suggest he [Harry] was the special one. "William has a great relationship with the Queen and is very close. "In fact through the years, probably much closer because of the role he is going to play later on in life." Mr Jobson went on to say that there was still “underlying love” between the brothers. He said: "There is always love there, even if there is dislike or you have fallen out with your sibling. There is that underlying love. "I think there is a lot of testosterone flying around here. The fallout happened when Harry decided he wanted to get married to the love of his life, Meghan.  "I think there were issues with William giving him advice he didn't want to hear.  "They probably just need, as I am sure the Queen would love, just one moment where they can gel again, have a hug and then move on."  The upcoming Platinum Jubilee celebrations may provide the perfect opportunity for Harry and William to reunite.  From June 2-5, the Queen’s 70-year reign will be honoured across the country with community celebrations, street parties and royal events.