James Corden has taken to Instagram to pay tribute to Fat Friends writer Kay Mellor after she passed away today. A spokesperson for her TV production company, Rollem Productions, confirmed the news today that the writer, who also wrote hit TV series The Syndicate, Girlfriends and Band Of Gold, had died. In a statement shared with his 6.1 million followers, James said Kay had “changed his life” as he paid his respects to her family. James penned: “Kay Mellor sadly passed away today. “She was the most generous, kind and loving person. An exceptionally gifted writer.” The Late Late Show star added: “She changed my life when she cast me in Fat Friends on ITV. “She saw something in me that no one had before that point. She gave so many people their first chances. “I have the fondest memories of being on set with her.” James, who played the role of Jamie Rymer on Fat Friends, concluded: “She will be missed by so many. “My thoughts are with her family and friends at this time x” Fans of the TV star rushed to the post’s comments section to send their condolences as they paid tribute to the legendary writer. Bananamanor said: "So sorry for your loss. Thankful to her for her great eye.” Ellynharrismusic penned: “I’m so sorry for your loss, James. She sounds like she was a very special person to you. “There's nothing like the first person that believes in you. May she rest peacefully.” DON'T MISS...Coleen Rooney is 'different mother and wife' after her famous tweet [INSIGHT]Sir Ian McKellen brands Jake Daniels a ‘hero’ after coming out [COMMENT]Emmerdale star Liam Fox shows off fairytale home with co-star wife [INSTAGRAM] Shaunbinnington added: “Brilliant talented writer.” The statement released by TV production company Rollem Productions, described Kay as “a phenomenal talent”. It read: “It is with profound sadness that we announce the untimely and sudden passing of our beloved friend, mentor and colleague Kay Mellor on Sunday 15th May 2022. “We have lost a phenomenal talent and a true luminary. “We ask that you please respect the privacy of the family and friends at this time.” Kay is survived by her husband Anthony, who she was married to for more than 50 years. The couple have two children, actress Gaynor Faye and TV producer Yvonne Francas. Kay’s TV career began in the 1980s when she wrote for Coronation Street and Brookside.