EastEnders star Danniella Westbrook is said to be recovering after being rushed to hospital following a "sudden health shock". The actress, 48, who played Sam Mitchell on the hit BBC show, was said to be suffering from Septicemia after a sudden decline in her health following the infection. It comes a day after the star took to Instagram to showcase the results of her latest facial reconstruction surgery. But now the mother of two is said to be recovering at home. An insider claimed: "Danniella suffered a sudden health shock. "Thankfully the issue was caught early and dealt with by medical professionals. READ MORE: The Repair Shop’s Jay Blades makes ‘big changes’ with new job Danniella has been released from hospital and is home recovering with the support of close family," a representative of the star told The Sun. It comes as the actress was set to enjoy a "meditation and sound healing spiritual retreat" as she detailed the event in view of her 94,100 Instagram followers. Sharing what she's going to be up to on the retreat, Danniella wrote: "On my way to this at last, so needed right now." She also posted a snap of flowers she received from a friend, thanking them for "for brightening up the most miserable day I’ve had in a long time , recovering from septicemia again has been a long road x." Her followers soon inundated her with messages, telling her to enjoy herself and have a relaxing time. It comes as it was reported the actress is set to undergo half a million pounds worth of facial surgery on the NHS in order to "survive". Last month Danniella told of doctors' plans to perform reconstructive surgery on her face. Due to her previous battles with alcohol and drug addiction which she has spoken openly about, Danniella has suffered from a collapsed septum. Thanks to her upcoming operation, Danniella said she will be able to “survive”, as her current health issues “hamper” her lifestyle. DON'T MISS... Donny Osmond feared never walking again 'Unable to move' [INSIGHT]Bear Grylls' hopes for 'big' project with Meghan Markle & Prince Harry [ANALYSIS]Madonna 'speechless' as she's blocked by Instagram after racy clip [UPDATE] She said: "Plastic surgeons wanted £500,000 to change my face, so I thought I was never going to get it done. It was only because I went into intensive care before Christmas. "I couldn't breathe because I had a cold. There was a build up of fluid and after I fell asleep I couldn't wake up properly and ended up in ICU. "That's why I'm doing this. I need this surgery to survive. “It's not for vanity, this is about my health. It hampers my lifestyle on a day to day basis,” Danniella added. The TV star also explained to The Sun that she went to Aintree Hospital in Liverpool and that she received the "best care in the country” there. Danniella had previously teased her plans to undergo surgery in order to be "fighting fit" ahead of her 50th birthday. She detailed plans to have a physical “transformation” before celebrating the milestone next year. Danniella made the admission in view of her 91,000 Instagram followers back in January.