Jamie Carragher insists Erik ten Hag has to lead Manchester United back to the Champions League in his first season. The Red Devils are set to qualify for the Europa League next term following a dismal end to the campaign under interim boss Ralf Rangnick. Ajax boss ten Hag will move to Old Trafford in the summer, and will reportedly be handed a transfer budget in excess of £100m to revitalise an inconsistent squad. First-team stars such as Edinson Cavani and Jesse Lingard are expected to leave at the end of their contracts, while the future of Cristiano Ronaldo has also been cast into doubt. The expectations on ten Hag and the challenges facing the incoming United manager were discussed by Jamie Carragher, Roy Keane and Gary Neville on Sky Sports' Monday Night Football. The Red Devils earned a rare comfortable home victory in front of the TV cameras, with Bruno Fernandes, Ronaldo and Raphael Varane all scoring in the 3-0 win against Brentford. Ten Hag is facing a sizeable rebuild in order to lead United to compete with Liverpool and Manchester City once again, but Carragher is adamant the Dutch manager must deliver in his debut campaign. The pundit told Sky Sports: "He has to get Champions League football, he has to. All the great clubs should be judged in the Premier League and Champions League." Parallels have been drawn between the task facing ten Hag and the rebuild required at Anfield following Jurgen Klopp's appointment in October 2015. The German has since led Liverpool to their first Premier League title, two Champions League finals, and the Reds are currently chasing an unprecedented quadruple. Carragher added: "I think it’s very similar, really is. Possibly a harder job for Klopp because the funds will be a lot more than Klopp had when he came in. A top manager gets a top club back on track in a couple of years." However, Neville fears the rebuild job facing ten Hag is tougher than the one Klopp inherited, due to the incredible standard now established by Liverpool and City. The former Red Devils full back said: "I don’t think so. Jurgen Klopp’s done the most outrageous job at Liverpool but there was no set winners when he came in. "You’re coming now to Man United when these two and three managers [Pep, Klopp and Thomas Tuchel] are set in their jobs and their foundations are so deep. The job that ten Hag has is absolutely huge. It’s more of a Gerard Houlier and Rafa Benitez job because they were taking on great managers."