Tottenham Hotspur target Paulo Dybala has reportedly been “asking about living in London” as rumours swirl around a possible move to Antonio Conte’s side. Dybala, 28, is set to leave Juventus on a free transfer at the end of the season, having said an emotional goodbye to the club and fans in his final home game against Lazio. The Argentine forward was unable to agree on a new deal with Juventus, and a host of clubs including Spurs and Inter Milan are said to be interested, while Dybala has been reportedly asking questions about moving to the north London club. Giovanni Albanese of La Gazzetta dello Sport tweeted: “Yet Dybala (who perhaps thinks differently from Antun [Dybala’s agent], I don’t know) keeps asking friends and colleagues (and even some mates of Juventus) for information on how to live in London. Which does not mean removing the possibility of Inter, but he is perhaps still evaluating all the options. One thing is certain, beyond all the possible paths in this area of the transfer market: he wants to play in the Champions League.” Tottenham’s odds of finishing in the Champions League places increased significantly after rivals Arsenal suffered a 2-0 defeat to Newcastle on Monday. The result means Spurs sit two points ahead of Arsenal and hold a significantly greater goal difference. Conte’s side would need to lose away to bottom side Norwich on the final day of the season, and Arsenal would have to to defeat Everton, in order to not qualify for Europe's elite competition next season. Spurs hold a long-standing interest in Dybala, and came close to signing the forward in a blockbuster deal in 2019, only for the deal to stall due to image rights. Tottenham have had joy this season in signing players from Dybala’s current club, as Dejan Kulusevski and Rodrigo Bentancur were summer signings from the Italian giants. Swedish winger Kulusevski has scored three goals and made eight assists in 17 Premier League games this season, and has complemented Harry Kane and Son Heung-min well as the front three have led the club’s charge to fourth. Bentancur, who unlike Kulusevski moved on a permanent deal to the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium in January, has been solid in midfield alongside Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg as both new recruits have been widely praised by fans for their impact this season. Dybala has scored ten goals and recorded five assists in 28 league games in his final season at Juventus, while also scoring three times in the Champions League. He has spent the majority of his professional career in Italy, having enjoyed seven years at Juventus since signing from Palermo in 2015, where he spent three seasons at the club.