Jamie Fraser (played by Sam Heughan) and his wife Claire (Caitriona Balfe) fought in vain to defend their home from Richard Brown (Chris Larkin) in the shocking conclusion to the sixth season of Outlander. After a cliffhanger ending to the Starz series’ latest finale, viewers are desperate to know when ‘Droughtlander’ will be coming to an end. Executive producer Maril Davis has confirmed the cast and crew are making good progress on the seventh season of Outlander. Filming officially got underway last month, and the producer’s latest update confirms there haven’t been any unexpected hurdles just yet. Unfortunately, she is still unsure when we can expect the first episode of the next season to kick off an exciting 16 weeks of Thursday night entertainment. “I actually don't know!” she admitted when asked for a potential release date. READ MORE: 'Disgusted' BBC Breakfast sparks uproar over Russian news coverage “I haven't been told when we will be airing season seven, all I know is we are in the beginning of shooting it now, and that's all I can say.” As season seven is four or five episodes longer than the average season, and double the length of season six, production is expected to take quite a while this time around. Maril added: “I think we are on a fairly typical schedule but it is a supersized season.” To combat the restrictions raised by Covid-19, Outlander truncated its 2022 season to just eight episodes. This meant the sixth book in Diana Gabaldon’s hit series, A Breath of Snow and Ashes, won’t be concluded on-screen until the start of the next season. Thankfully, Starz issued an extended seventh instalment to make up for the shorter run this year, meaning nothing short of an Outlander epic is due to hit screens in late 2022 or early 2023. Maril also touched on an upcoming prequel series in the works for Starz, which will focus on the lives of Jamie’s parents, in her recent chat with Digital Spy. “I don't have any news about the prequel series except for we're developing that, which is exciting,” she explained. DON'T MISS:Grace and Frankie crew details emotional final scenes [INSIGHT]NCIS LA season 13: Deeks and Kensi make life-changing choice [VIDEO]Cobra Kai season 5 theory: Tori and Danny join forces [THEORY] The producer was originally asked about a potential spin-off by a fan on Twitter back in 2020, and confirmed it was “in progress”. She has now revealed the series is officially in development, though plot and casting details may still be some way away. However, the fact the world of Outlander is already expanding into prequels and spin-offs should give fans hope for the remaining three books to eventually be brought to screens. “I haven't heard anything about season eight,” Maril explained. “I would love to do it, but those decisions we are waiting to hear about. I would love to finish out the books if possible, but we will see what happens!” Diana published the latest novel in the series, Go Tell the Bees That I Am Gone, in November last year, and has confirmed there is one more left to complete the saga. Meanwhile, viewers have already been given some exciting news from the set of season seven, as Lost In Space star Charles Vandervaart has joined the series as Jamie’s secret son, William Ransom. Outlander is available on Starz in the US and on Starzplay in the UK.