Buckingham Palace will open the Queen’s Birthday Parade on Thursday, June 2, marking a long weekend of Platinum Jubilee celebrations across London and beyond. The significant event will go down in history as just one of many celebrations held at the property since it was acquired by the Royal Family in 1761, but when exactly was it built? Here’s a look back on the history of Buckingham Palace - the “centrepiece” of the British monarchy.  Throughout Queen Elizabeth II’s impressive 70 year reign, Buckingham Palace has been a key landmark for countless royal events and is regarded as one of the most significant tourist attractions in the UK. The impressive estate has served as both a working hub and royal residence for the Queen, but the building’s history goes far beyond its famous royal legacy. Originally built in 1703, the iconic palace started out as Buckingham House before it gained its title as a palace. READ MORE: Queen faced with three major 'challenges' on eve of Platinum Jubilee At the time of construction, the building was intended as a house for John Sheffield, the Duke of Buckingham, who paid just £7,000 for the entire estate. According to the Royal Family’s website, the property was later purchased in 1761 by George III, who was buying the London estate for his wife, Queen Charlotte. Again, the pair intended to use the sprawling grounds and large building as a “comfortable” family home, close to the neighbouring royal residence, St James’s Palace. It was at this time that Buckingham House earned its royal links and became known as the Queen’s House. Since the initial structure was erected in 1703, the building has changed significantly over the years. Reconstruction started in 1820 when George IV, the son of George III, accessed the throne. The Royal Family’s website explained that the renovations transformed the house into a palace, increasing both the size and layout of the estate. According to the Royal Collection Trust, architect John Nash doubled the size of the existing property by adding a new suite of rooms on the garden side facing west, costing a total of £496,196. DON'T MISS:‘Removed it all’: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘best way’ to remove limescale [INSIGHT]Kate & William: Inside Adelaide Cottage- 'much better option' for home [ANALYSIS]Royal etiquette no-no's: Four rules that must be followed around Queen [REVEAL] As of 1837, Buckingham Palace became the official London residence of the monarch. The iconic Bath stone exterior was used to reflect George IV’s love for French neoclassical influence at the time, though this was later changed to Portland Stone between 1913-1914. While parts of the originally renovated palace are still intact, such as The State, and semi-State Rooms, further changes completed during Queen Victoria’s reign made the original building even bigger. During Prince Albert and Queen Victoria’s residency at the palace, the Marble Arch was moved to the north-east corner of Hyde Park to make room for a fourth-wing - creating the quadrangle layout that stands today. The renovations on the royal couple’s home were done to add more bedrooms and nursery space for their growing family. According to the Royal Family’s website, Buckingham Palace is active to this day as a working building and is considered the “centrepiece of the UK’s constitutional monarchy”. While the Queen now spends most of her time in London at Windsor Castle, the palace remains at the heart of the royal family's life and work. The world-famous palace has served as the venue for many royal events and ceremonies, ranging from receptions, with the State Rooms open to visitors every summer. Split into 775 rooms, the 108-metre long property includes: