Washington and Moscow both have contingency measures in place to protect national leaders in the event of an all-out nuclear war between the superpowers. So-called "Doomsday planes" are in use by both Vladimir Putin and Joe Biden, they are designed to ensure that command and control can still be carried out in the event either Russia or the US launches a nuclear strike. CNN correspondent Brian Todd noted: "There is an American version of the Doomsday Plane to protect the President. "It is called the E4B Nightwatch and that fleet of aircraft is as the Russian aircraft is designed to do is designed for senior US leadership to continue command and control over nuclear forces as escalation occurs and in the event of a nuclear attack," added Caitlin Lee from the Mitchell Institute of Aerospace Studies. Mr Tood continued: "Experts say the US actually has a fleet of four of these doomsday planes. "They say they don't want to only fly with the President on every trip, but one of them is always fueled up at the ready 24/7 or possible deployment anywhere in the world." Russia's 'Doomsday plane,' a converted Il-80 jumbojet, was a noticeable absence from the May 9 Victory day parade in Moscow's Red Square. The huge plane was due to perform a flyover at the ceremony to commemorate the victory of the Soviet Red Army over Nazi Germany in World War 2. However, the Russian military pulled plans for a flyover by the Il-80 at the last minute blaming poor weather conditions on the day. The fact the 'Doomsday plane' did not feature in the set-piece Russian military spectacle has been taken as a possible warning to the West amid worsening nuclear tensions. US Central Intelligence Agency Director William Burns said on Saturday that Putin believes he cannot afford to lose in Ukraine and cautioned that the West could not ignore the risk of the use of tactical nuclear weapons by Moscow. "We don't see, as an intelligence community, practical evidence at this point of Russian planning for a deployment or even use of tactical nuclear weapons," Mr Burns said. He cautioned, though, that "the stakes are very high for Putin's Russia." When pressed on the issue, Russia's deputy foreign minister has explained that a decision on the possible use of nuclear strike was clearly laid out in Russia's military doctrine. DON'T MISS Russian despot told horror war to last years for four reasons [INSIGHT]New UK energy plan to slash Russia ties and 'keep home warm' [ANALYSIS]Royal Navy's new £30bn nuke subs can launch 12 separate missiles [VIDEO] "We have a military doctrine - everything is written there," Alexander Grushko was quoted by state news agency RIA as saying. Russia's official military deployment principles allow for the use of nuclear weapons if they - or other types of weapons of mass destruction - are used against it, or if the Russian state faces an existential threat from conventional weapons. The decision to use Russia's vast nuclear arsenal, the biggest in the world, rests with the Russian president, currently Vladimir Putin. Russia's invasion has killed thousands of people, displaced nearly 10 million, and raised fears of a wider confrontation between Russia and the United States - by far the world's biggest nuclear powers.