Manchester United face having to spend £115million after Erik ten Hag identified his top two transfer targets, according to reports. The Red Devils endured a nightmare campaign under Ralf Rangnick and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. And they’re now looking ahead to the future as they look to reel in the likes of Liverpool and Manchester City. Manchester United are ready to back Ten Hag this summer, despite failing to qualify for the Champions League. And The Mirror say the Dutchman has identified Darwin Nunez and Jurrien Timber as his top two targets. Ten Hag has held talks with the likes of John Murtough, Darren Fletcher and Rangnick in recent days since making the move to Manchester. And while he wants to make six signings ideally, he knows he’ll need to prioritise certain players at the current moment in time. Timber, it’s claimed, will cost a fee of around £35million. Should he join from Ajax, it’s possible the Netherlands international will be paired alongside Raphael Varane at centre-back. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings He could even go on the right of Ten Hag’s backline, with Aaron Wan-Bissaka expected to leave and Diogo Dalot still in need of much improvement. Regarding Nunez, Benfica have set a price tag of £80m for their prized asset. The Uruguay international was in outstanding form last season, scoring 34 goals across all competitions. Benfica will have to pay Almeira a 20 per cent fee when they cash in on Nunez, due to the terms of his move to Lisbon two years ago. So that means that, overall, United will have to spend £115m in order to satisfy Ten Hag and bring both players in. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag United have also discussed Antony and Lisandro Martinez. Both players were vital to Ten Hag during his time at Ajax, helping them win back-to-back league titles. But Ajax apparently won’t let their former manager raid them easily and are reluctant to let the squad ‘crumble’. United also want two new full-backs, a midfielder and another forward. But he’s also indicated he’s willing to work with the current squad, even if they failed to prevent a dire season under both Rangnick and Solskjaer. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Speaking at his unveiling, meanwhile, Ten Hag warned players he has high expectations. “That is what I expect,” he said. “I have high expectations from myself and that is also what I demand from my squad. “They have to co-operate together and they have to give every day their best. And I would say, for me, good is not good enough. “We have to do better.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And Ten Hag also admitted that he wants United to show the same fight under him as they did when Sir Alex Ferguson and Sir Matt Busby were managing the team. “Of course. I know the history of Man United, I know the big times and the audience, the vibe that can be around Old Trafford,” he said. “I watched them in their big times, when Sir Alex Ferguson was manager, during the really successful times when they won titles and were dominating Europe. “But also before Sir Alex, Man United was a really big club and I know names like Busby and Charlton that gave Man United a presence to the outside world from winning, and winning in a spectacular way, winning so they entertain people. “What stays with me is there was always a fighting culture. They fight together and they get success.”