The meeting and its guest list was exposed in a tweet by Fox Business correspondent Charles Gasparino on Twitter. One of the attendees at the meeting held on May 10 was Brian Moynihan, the CEO of Bank of America.  The tweet read: "@FoxBusiness has learned major US CEOs, bank executives attended this week a secret meeting w Prince Charles @ClarenceHouse⁩ to promote ESG goals. "Brian Moynihan of ⁦@BankofAmerica among attendees of sessions & dinners at Buckingham Palace." ESG criteria are a set of standards for companies that socially conscious investors use to judge potential investments. The Environmental criteria allow investors to see how environmentally aware a company's operations are, while the Social criteria examines its relationship with employees, suppliers, customers and the communities where it operates.   The Prince of Wales is well-known for his championing of sustainable causes and is passionate about protecting the environment. He launched the Sustainable Markets Initiative in 2019, with the aim of helping the private sector to accelerate towards a more sustainable future. The Prince is also patron of a number of environmental charities, including the Commonwealth Forestry Association.  READ MORE: ​​Everything you need to know about the regency act In June 2021, Prince Charles held a meeting with business leaders in London advising them that private sector finance was essential to help solve the climate crisis. He said at the event: “We do have, I think, a potentially game-changing opportunity to drive forward the partnerships between Government, business and private sector finance that are absolutely vital if we are to win the battle to combat climate change and biodiversity loss. “Unless we can actually unlock private sector resource, innovation and finance, with the public sector setting a framework of incentives and regulation, we just don't stand a chance of solving the existential crises we have engineered over the years.” Over 300 company representatives attended the meeting at St James's Palace, including those from HSBC, AstraZeneca and Heathrow Airport.  DON'T MISS:Horror as plane carrying 11 passengers ‘crashes' [BREAKING]Kate and William pay deeply emotional tribute to Deborah James [SPOTLIGHT]Labour 'dream team' of Angela Rayner and Dawn Butler brutally mocked [ANALYSIS] Environmentalism runs in the family, as Prince William is also a keen advocate for nature and fighting the climate crisis. His Earthshot Prize awards five £1million grants each year to eco-innovators with working solutions to help repair and regenerate the planet. Its inaugural awards ceremony last October at the Royal Albert Hall won the BAFTA for Best Live Event. 