Speaking at the Welsh Conservative spring conference, the Prime Minister took aim at the Opposition, warning they could not be trusted to stand up to Vladimir Putin. He reminded those in attendance many frontbench politicians had advocated scrapping nuclear weapons in the past. Mr Johnson said today: "Do you think at this juncture, when Putin is muttering recklessly about using his nuclear arsenal, do we really want our defence policy handed over to a bunch of semi-repentant Corbynista loons? "Never forget, eight of the shadow frontbench, including the shadow foreign secretary, voted to scrap this country's independent nuclear deterrent. "Is that the right thing for our country now? Is that the right thing for NATO now? Is that the right thing for the world, for Ukraine? Absolutely not." Emily Thornberry, who was appointed shadow foreign secretary by Sir Keir Starmer last year, voted against maintaining the UK's minimum strategic nuclear deterrent when a backbench MP in 2007. READ MORE ON OUR UKRAINE LIVE BLOG  Former Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn was a staunch opponent of the UK's Trident submarine-based missile system and argued for years that Britain should abandon the nuclear weapons. In 2015 he said he would never use it if he became Prime Minister. While Labour's official policy at the last election was to retain Trident, the Tories have repeatedly warned since the outbreak of war in Ukraine that Labour MPs cannot be trusted with the nation's security after backing Mr Corbyn to become Prime Minister at the last election. Russia has issued a series of menacing threats against Britain for standing up to Putin and leading the world in backing Ukraine following hte February 24 invasion. Earlier this month, one of Russia's top propagandists threatened to destroy the UK in a nuclear strike. Appearing on Russian state TV in a segment called "The Sinkable Island", he said: "Why threaten horizonless Russia with nuclear weapons when you sit on a small island? DON'T MISS:Jeremy Corbyn tipped to influence Australia's 'next' socialist PM [INSIGHT]You argued FOR Jeremy Corbyn' Andrew Neil rips apart Jonathan Ashworth [WATCH]Queen Speech debate sees Starmer humiliated over Labour Trident stance [UPDATE]  "Just one launch Boris and England is gone. Once and for all. Why play with us?" Since taking charge of Labour, Sir Keir Starmer has attempted to re-cast the party's reputation on defence. In February, shadow defence secretary John Healy said support for NATO and Trident was "unshakeable". "Labour’s support for nuclear deterrence is non-negotiable," he said.  "We are committed to building four new submarines at Barrow, committed to continuous at-sea deterrence and committed to all future upgrades to this capability that may be necessary." In February Sir Keir also threatened to suspend 11 Labour MPs from the parliamentary aprty if they did not remove their names from a letter which blamed NATO for Russia's aggression. A Labour spokesperson said at the time: "The small number of Labour MPs that signed the Stop The War statement have all now withdrawn their names. "This shows Labour is under new management. "With Keir Starmer’s leadership there will never be any confusion about whose side Labour is on – Britain, Nato, freedom and democracy – and every Labour MP now understands that."