Kate Middleton and Prince William could be moving to Windsor from their Norfolk home at Anmer Hall. They reportedly want to move to Adelaide Cottage, which Princess Eugenie has also set her eyes on in the past. Suzanne Roynon, an expert interiors therapist spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to explain why the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge would make better residents in the cottage.  She said: “Why Adelaide Cottage is a much better option for the Cambridges. "As an Interiors Therapy expert and Feng Shui consultant, I’ve been paying close attention to the media reports of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s anticipated move from their Norfolk Home at Anmer Hall to be closer to the Queen at Windsor. “William and Kate clearly value their privacy and want their children, George, Charlotte and Louis to have a wonderful, safe and happy childhood. “For this, they are looking for a home which nurtures and supports the royal couple and their children whilst providing the security and normality of family life. READ MORE: Prince Harry's 'discomfort' during on-stage kiss with Meghan “In Feng Shui, we recognise there are four house types, good for people and money, bad for people and money, good for people but bad for money, and bad for people but good for money. “Adelaide Cottage, nestled in Windsor Great Park and just 10 minutes from Windsor Castle, is receiving a lot of attention as the most likely of the available Royal Grace and Favour homes for the Cambridges. “Built in 1831, the exterior of the property appears largely unchanged since that time. “This and the available history suggest it falls into the category of ‘Good for People but Bad for Money’.  “The most recent tenant, Simon Rhodes, son of the Queen’s dear friend and cousin Margaret Rhodes, was deprived of a legacy due to a codicil in his late mother’s will. “He registered a company at the Adelaide Cottage address as recently as February 2022 although he is thought to have moved out of the property. “Losing a legacy would be a prime example of a ‘bad for money’ property. “Buildings which fall into this category also have potential to be a ‘money pit’ and there’s a higher than average risk of damage or loss of expensive items. “As his place in the Royal Family means money won’t ever be an issue for William and Kate, and in any case, any negative energy in the property can be remedied with good Feng Shui.  “Adelaide Cottage promises to be a happy family home for the Duke and Duchess where their marriage and children can thrive,” the expert claimed. But are there any negative energies that exist inside Adelaide Cottage? Suzanne added: “Adelaide Cottage was the home of Group Captain Peter Townsend along with his wife and sons from 1944 to 1952 when the couple divorced. “Divorce, infidelity, poor health, family challenges and feeling trapped or overwhelmed are unusual in a ‘Good for People’ home. “In 1951, when the friendship between Peter Townsend and Princess Margaret is said to have developed into intimacy and his marriage ended, Adelaide Cottage was, in what’s known in Feng Shui, a ‘one-year people lock’.  “Although Peter Townsend was seldom there due to his responsibility to the King, this would have put immense pressure on his wife and marriage. “A people lock can trigger one crisis after another in an un-remedied home and would explain how the energy in the property changed in February 1951 resulting in the end of Peter Townsend’s marriage and nearly a constitutional crisis for the monarchy. “Fortunately, there’s no reason this situation need ever be repeated. “With good Feng Shui and by implementing remedies to balance any negative energy, despite the history of divorce, Adelaide Cottage has the potential to be a wonderful family home filled with love, laughter and an abundance of happiness,” the expert noted. 