Kylian Mbappe wants Luis Campos to replace Leonardo as sporting director of PSG, according to reports. The 23-year-old has long been a top transfer target for Real Madrid. However, he’s now primed to stay at the Parc des Princes instead after being told he’ll have a big say in how the club are run. Mbappe has long been on Real Madrid’s radar, with the La Liga giants refusing to bow to Erling Haaland’s wage demands because they thought the PSG star would head to the Bernabeu. But, now, he’s primed to stay in Paris with the France international set to sign a bumper new deal with the club. Mbappe is ready to commit his future to the Ligue 1 giants after being promised a greater say on how the club is run. And ESPN say the 23-year-old wants Campos to replace Leonardo as sporting director of PSG as he targets success and trophies for the team going forward. It’s said Mbappe has an ‘uneasy relationship with Leonardo, which may now trigger the departure of the Brazilian. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz In ‘many rounds of talks’ held with the PSG hierarchy, he identified former Lille chief Campos as an alternative. The transfer supremo was at Monaco when Mbappe burst onto the scene back in 2017, with the Portuguese overseeing a successful era in Monte Carlo. And Mbappe, knowing the 57-year-old well, is keen on a reunion. Campos joined Monaco back in 2013, when the club had been taken over and were ready to spend big on new recruits. And, within four years, Monaco were able to win a first Ligue 1 title in 17 years with Leonardo Jardim at the helm. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Campos did well at Lille, too, ensuring they pocketed big fees for the likes of Nicolas Pepe and Gabriel. The report adds that, as things stand, Mauricio Pochettino’s future at the Parc des Princes is also up in the air as the end of the season creeps closer. Pochettino only penned a new deal with the French titans last year, at a time where he was linked with a stunning return to Tottenham. And though he’s won the Ligue 1 title this season, the club’s failure to get near Champions League glory means he could be relieved of his duties. PSG had been 2-0 up on aggregate when they faced off against Madrid in the last 16 back in March. Yet a capitulation at the Bernabeu saw Real go through instead, with Karim Benzema bagging a sublime hat-trick. Meanwhile, though Mbappe is set to stay at PSG, his mother kept her cards close to her chest when quizzed on his future on Friday. Fayza Lamari said: "We will not have new meetings to discuss Mbappe's future, these meetings are now over. "Now we have found an agreement with both Real Madrid and PSG and the discussions are over because it is Kylian who has to choose now. "The two offers, that of PSG and Real, are almost identical. “At Real, my son will have control of his image rights. We will now await his decision. "In the Real Madrid offer we have full power of image rights, on the other hand there is an economic balance that rewards this thing. “In short, there is no difference between the two are similar.”