The 106-year-old great-grandmother Winifred Flemming has owned her property for an impressive 77 years. She purchased the pad just after the end of World War Two, in 1945. Winifred is thought to be the UK’s oldest homeowner still living in her property. The pensioner has resided in her West Wickham, Kent home for 77 years - and counting. It is living proof of the dramatic house price increase. In 1945, the property cost £800. READ MORE: Royal fans divided over Princess Anne's 'crowded' living room Today, it is valued at £550,000. This is an enormous 687 times the original price. However, the equivalent of £800 in 1945 is roughly £37,800 today, which is a much more realistic figure for a deposit than a whole house. Winifred loves her Kent home and would not want to live anywhere else. Despite being 106-years-old, she is fighting fit. Winifred has even received cards from the Queen to celebrate two fantastic milestones, 100 and 105-years-old. She receives the help of carers a few times a week to help her with washing and house work. A gardener also comes round to maintain her front and back lawns. She had been fully independent until 2013, when Winifred sadly broke her hip. Yet, she still maintains her beloved property mostly by herself and even helps her carers dust and tidy up. Winifred does not live alone, however, after her now 84-year-old daughter Yvonne Bloom moved in. Yvonne's daughter Janine Bloom, aged 47, does a weekly shop for both her mother and grandmother, and is able to check in on the pair together. She previously lived in the home with husband Henry Flemming, who passed away in 1997. As for why Winifred has chosen to remain in her property for 77 years: "I’ve always had lots of friends and family around here." Describing herself as "comfortable" in the area, she explained that a lot of her "most cherished memories took place in that house," she told The Metro. She continued that her "whole life" had been built around the cafe business she owned for a whopping 28 years. Winifred plans on residing in her home for as long as possible.