June promises longer, sunnier days and warmer temperatures ideal for flourishing plants. According to the Royal Horticultural Society (RHS): "Now's the time to get your veg off the best possible start. So make sure anything you plant out is fed, watered and given appropriate support." Although many vegetables are nearing their harvest season, there are some which can be sown and planted throughout June. If you want to get a head start, you should plant your vegetables sooner rather than later. Here are five vegetables to plant in June: Runner beans are tender plants which won't survive the frost, which is why it is best to wait until the warmer weather before sowing seeds outdoors. You can sow your runner beans into pots of multi-purpose compost to transplant into the ground later, or directly in large containers outside. They thrive in rich, deep, fertile soil. The RHS advised choosing a sheltered, sunny spot as their final growing site. Runner beans will also need support as they grow tall. The RHS said: "It’s also best to put the supports in place first – usually tall bamboo canes in a wigwam or double row." READ MORE: How to kill moss on tarmac - 2 eco-friendly ways to ‘blitz’ driveway June is the final month to sow seeds and an ideal time to sow them outdoors in your garden. Be sure to pick a dry, warm day before sowing peas, and ensure the soil is not damp. The RHS said: "Make a flat-bottomed trench 5cm deep and 15cm (6in) wide – a draw hoe is ideal for this. "Sow the seeds evenly in the trench about 7.5cm (3in) apart, cover with soil, then lightly firm." Water the plants when they start to flower and two weeks after. After flowering, your peas will need sufficient water for the pods to swell. Make sure to check soil moisture at root level regularly and water if necessary. DON'T MISSHow to humanely deter cats from your garden [EXPLAINER]How to get rid of slugs using a beer trap - 'Simple & inexpensive' [COMMENT]3 ‘natural scents’ to deter rats from your garden [INSIGHT] Squash is ideally suited to being sown in April and May, though you can get last-minute crops planted out in June for an October harvest. Seeds can also be sown outdoors in the spot where they are to grow in late May or early June. Make sure to prepare the ground where your squash will grow by using a mixture of homemade compost or well-rotted manure and soil. The surrounding soil and compost should be kept consistently moist, and plants should be fed every 10 to 14 days with a "high potassium liquid fertiliser, such as tomato feed" when the first fruits emerge. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Beetroots sown in June make for a great late-season harvest and can be stored for use in early winter. Choose an area of well-drained, fertile soil to plant your vegetables. Before sowing, make sure to dig in a bucketful of well-rotted garden compost. During dry spells, beetroot plants should be watered every 10 to 14 days. Nitrogen fertiliser can help to boost their growth. Lettuce is a relatively easy plant to grow and comes in a variety of colours and flavours. Most plants can be sown right through until September. The RHS recommended: "Grow lettuces in full sun in moisture-retentive soil. "You can also grow lettuces in containers and growing bags, but be sure to water regularly." You should water your plants when the soil is dry, ideally early in the morning. If you are having problems with local wildlife nibbling at your crops, a horticultural fleece can offer some protection.