Leeds ace Raphinha might favour a transfer to Manchester United over Barcelona in a bid to reunite with ‘older brother’ Bruno Fernandes. The duo briefly played alongside each other at Sporting Lisbon and developed an excellent relationship on and off the field. Raphinha has been strongly linked with an exit from Leeds this summer despite the Whites miraculously maintaining their Premier League status. Successfully battling against relegation to the Championship means a reported £25million release clause cannot be activated. The 25-year-old was in excellent form last season, scoring 11 goals and assisting a further three strikes across the Premier League campaign. His performances since his summer 2020 transfer from Rennes have caught the attention of Europe’s elite clubs. Man Utd and Barcelona have been credited with an interest in the winger. But the Red Devils could have an advantage over the Spanish side as Raphinha has previously opened up on his strong relationship with midfielder Fernandes. JUST IN: Man Utd have got a positive signal from De Jong about summer transfer Writing for The Players’ Tribune last summer, the Brazil international said: “At least that’s the way I see it. Our friendship began even before we became teammates at Sporting. Once he knew that I was going there, he texted me saying he was looking forward to playing with me. I know that I would have arrived at the club in a very timid way if I hadn’t known anyone there before, so he really helped me settle quickly. “Bruno has helped me so much, man. In Portugal we would talk a lot and go out for meals. When I went to Rennes, he advised me. The guy is so clever. When I was on the plane to Leeds, he texted me saying my style would fit the league. He was right again. “Just being around him is an inspiration because of the way he behaves. At the top level I have never seen anyone work as hard as him. You know it will be very difficult to do what he does, but if you try long enough and listen to what he says, you might get close. DON'T MISS...Man Utd’s exciting XI if Kante, Nunez and three other players joinMan Utd face £115m spend after Ten Hag ‘picks top two targets'Ronaldo forces Man Utd action after 'complaining' behind the scenes “I like to tell him that the next time we play each other, I’m going to nutmeg him. We always joke around with each other. I’ll see you on the pitch soon, brother. Make sure to keep your legs closed.” Incoming United boss Erik ten Hag is keen to sign a central striker this summer, but should that plan fail, he will instead target a left-footed right winger, the Daily Telegraph claimed earlier this month. If the Old Trafford outfit go with the latter plan, Raphinha would apparently sit top of the club’s shortlist. Barcelona apparently lead the race for the star’s signature but the move will collapse if Ousmane Dembele remains at the Nou Camp this summer, Spanish outlet Mundo Deportivo report. Dembele is out of contract with the Catalan side in June.