Bill Roache, 90, has revealed this week that there was once a time when he considered leaving his recurring role in Coronation Street to pursue his dreams of starring in Westerns. The star has played Ken Barlow on the ITV soap for 62 years.  The actor loved cowboy films growing up and admits that he considered leaving Weatherfield for an acting stint alongside Clint Eastwood.  Bill ultimately decided against the idea and has been with soap fans since Corrie’s first episode on December 9, 1960.  Speaking in a new interview, Bill said that the feeling of wanting to pursue this happened during his 40s.  He said: “When I started out I wanted to be in films. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman praised after rescuing stranded hiker on mountain “Particularly I wanted to be in Westerns. “There was a time in the middle of my career, when I was in my 40s, I thought if ever I’m going to get out and do something else, now is the time. “But I only thought about it. I never actually did it. “I realised I’m really proud of Coronation Street, lucky to be in it.”  He continued to Sunday People, the work he received and the big stories which came out on Corrie twice a year were “absolutely brilliant”.  Although soap life was “enjoyable” he still considered trying other things.  He said it fills him with pride that he belongs to the cast of the longest-running soap drama.  The star added it kept him young and vibrant. DON'T MISS... Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker steal Met Gala spotlight [PICS]Brooklyn Beckham shirtless as Nicola Peltz dares to bare at Met Gala [LATEST]Anne Hegerty reacts to Mark Labbett's The Chase replacement [INSIGHT] Bill is also the only original cast member. He compared the experience of being on Corrie to being in a gym, stating it has enhanced him rather than been demanding of him. Bill, who has been honoured with an MBE and OBE for services to drama and charity, likes to keep fit and active and has no plans to retire. In his early days, he said that he was drinking “a bit too much” and that life wasn’t as pleasant. But recently he has embraced the power of positive thinking, as he explains in his new book: Life & Soul: Secrets for Living a Long and Happy Life. He said: “Once I found that I was a truly beautiful human being and I think if you express the love in you and if you’re forgiving, kind and passionate, then you begin to feel these things around you. “Life becomes better and easier and you get healthier as well. “I think that is important. Every human being is a beautiful human being. If they don’t appear to be, then what has happened is their ego is allowing them to not be who they are, their bad behaviour, violence, aggression in the world comes about."