The Royal Family own some of the most beautiful and sought-after watches in the world. New research conducted by luxury watch experts at Chrono24 revealed the most popular worn watches by the Royal Family over the past decades. Princess Diana would wear her Cartier Tank Francaise, Cartier Tank with alligator strap, Patek Philippe Calatrava 3618, and Vacheron Constantin 4481.  Diana had an impressive luxury watch collection which is clear from some of the timeless pieces she wore during her time as a royal. It was no secret that Diana loved to dress to impress. Her diamond-set Vacheron Constantin 4481 was gifted to her by the Queen. This was a prime example of how pristine and classy the Princess' style remained.  READ MORE: Sophie Wessex's diet 'has had huge impact' on royal's slim figure But how would Diana bring good luck to Prince Charles through her watch? Reportedly, Diana would wear both Patek Philippe watches on her wrist at one time to bring luck to Charles' 1980s polo matches. Both of these watches were gifted to the Princess by him. What watches does the Prince of Wales own?  Prince Charles enjoys his Cartier Santos, custom Breguet, Patek Philippe 3445 Calatrava, Hamilton RAF Pilot's Chronograph, and Parmigiani Fleurier 18K. The Prince, following in the footsteps of the Queen, is also an avid watch collector. He takes inspiration and wears Patek Philippe, Jaeger-Le-Coultre and Cartier. Although Charles prefers a Breguet, Hamilton or Cartier, he is not shy about sporting other famous watch designers, such as Parmigiani Fleurier.  He wore the latter at Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's wedding. Despite Charles’ love for watches from a wide range of designers, the Prince of Wales favours Breguet. This is a luxury watch manufacturer whose company gifted the Prince a custom piece designed solely for his wear. Expert luxury watch experts at Chrono24 spoke to Express.co.uk about the Royal Family’s love of designer watches.  They said: “The Royal Family have continued to grace the public with elegance and style over the past few decades. “As well as influencing the whole world into buying more luxurious, statement watches. “With the Queens Platinum Jubilee celebrations in full swing, it is exciting to see some of the most iconic and limited edition watches make an appearance. “Also, to see if there are any additions to their collections that they may have made." 