Felix Auger-Aliassime has revealed that his coach Toni Nadal will not be watching on from his box or giving him advice when he faces Rafael Nadal in the fourth round of the French Open. The world No 5’s uncle and former coach has been working with the Canadian for more than a year and this is the first time they’re facing off since Toni joined his camp. Nadal and Auger-Aliassime both earned straight-set victories in their respective third round matches at the French Open on Friday, setting up a mouthwatering round-of-16 clash. It will be the first time the 21-time Major champion will play against his former coach and uncle Toni, who started working with the 21-year-old during last year’s clay season. Toni Nadal is on-site at the French Open to assist the Canadian but has also been sitting in his nephew’s box to watch his matches, and Auger-Aliassime has now revealed that his coach won’t be on court to watch the pair meet for the second time, and first since he started coaching the world No 9. “We had the discussion, you know, it was black and white from the first time we started working together we knew it was a possibility that eventually I would play Rafa when I'm working with Toni,” this year’s Montpellier champion said of his match with the 13-time French Open winner. “And actually now he's present here in this Grand Slam. But I think Toni will watch from a neutral place and enjoy the match.” JUST IN: Novak Djokovic holds 'no grudges' about Australian Open saga   The ninth seed also said it was unlikely Toni would be giving him advice on how to play his own nephew, with Auger-Aliassime admitting everyone knew about the 35-year-old’s ability anyway. “I don't know if I need insight on how Rafa plays, to be honest. I think we all know what he does well,” he smiled. “I don't think Toni will, you know, tell me anything new about how Rafa plays.” And the 21-year-old was also quick to mention that his clash with Nadal would not change the significance of everything the former world No 1 had achieved with Toni by his side, as his uncle coached him throughout his career until 2018. “Yeah, from my part it's another match, another opportunity to try to play, you know, a good match and win, but of course it's very difficult,” Auger-Aliassime continued. DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic offers 'help' to son of jailed tennis icon Boris BeckerWimbledon ranking points decision 'shameful'Djokovic explains Arsene Wenger role in French Open win over Bedene  “I don't know how Toni feels. Maybe we should ask him, but he hasn't talked to me about it. But I think also you have to remember, because I know this question is going to come quite a lot, I just want to say that, you know, for me, like, Rafa's career and what he did with Toni is much bigger than the match tomorrow, you know. I think we can all say that regardless of what happens tomorrow, I think we have to see like it's much bigger than just this. “I mean, what he did with his uncle, like this match will not take anything away from both sides really, and I just think we need to see it as bigger picture. It's one match, let's play, but his career and everything is much bigger than this.” 