Aston Martin driver Sebastian Vettel insists critics should ‘leave alone’ Haas star Mick Schumacher after the German suffered a heavy crash at the Monaco Grand Prix. It was a day to forget for the American team, with both Schumacher and teammate Kevin Magnussen failing to finish the iconic race. Schumacher once again struggled on Sunday in the principality as his race ended prematurely. The 23-year-old clipped a barrier on entry to the Swimming Pool Section and fortunately avoided serious injury after slamming into the wall. After a promising debut season last year, Schumacher is yet to score points in 2022 despite the impressive performance displayed in the Haas piloted by Magnussen. The Dane returned after Russian driver Nikita Mazepin was released by Haas prior to the season. It was the German’s second major collision of the season after he smashed his car in Saudi Arabia, with his Haas again breaking in half in Monte-Carlo. He has been criticised heavily this season, but Vettel - who has been a mentor to him since the youngster burst onto the scene - believes Schumacher has great potential and called for patience. READ MORE: Max Verstappen's dad claims Ferrari have better car than Red Bull “The most important thing is that he’s fine,” Vettel said of the crash in Monaco. “I have no doubt that he can do more than he’s showing right now. But I think you have to leave him alone for a bit.” While his father Michael won a record seven world titles during his F1 career, Schumacher is yet to score a point since entering the sport in 2021 - but he did secure overall victory in his final season in Formula 3 (2018) and Formula 2 (2019). The German was unable to start qualifying in Saudi Arabia in March after a similar crash, but he is not concerned after another crash. “I’m feeling alright,” Schumacher said on Sunday. “Obviously it’s very annoying. DON'T MISSVerstappen backed to beat Leclerc as Ferrari warned over mistakesToto Wolff aims dig at Fernando Alonso after Lewis Hamilton held upFerrari boss slams Max Verstappen over 'clear breach of regulations' “I think in terms of pace we were definitely there. It’s just a matter of keeping it on track and unfortunately I wasn’t able to do that. “The pace felt strong and it felt like we were able to attack and push. We just ended up being a little too wide, which is maybe a matter of 10 centimetres at the end, and that was enough to lose all grip you thought you had. And unfortunately the result is as it happened.” The 22-race F1 2022 campaign continues with the Azerbaijan Grand Prix in Baku on June 12.