It appears the inaugural Miami Grand Prix is gunning for Monaco’s status as the jewel in the crown of Formula 1 ahead of the first staging of a race in Florida this weekend. The guest list for the event includes the genuine superstars of American sports, including LeBron James, Michael Jordan and seven-time Super Bowl champion Tom Brady. Knowing the expensive nature of Monaco, you would think no other F1 event could rival the glitzy nature of the iconic Monte Carlo race. However, organisers have certainly attempted to ensure Miami can compare to the principality ahead of the race’s debut this weekend. A weekend ticket costs £875 while a day pass begins at approximately £480. If they are still available, the hospitality package starts from £3,800. The atmosphere set to engulf the weekend will be based away from the track around the Miami Dolphins’ Hard Rock Stadium. Instead, pop-up restaurant Carbone is set to charge £2,550 per person for dinner or just under £24,000 for a table at Miami Beach. READ MORE: Bottas shows no regrets over ditching Lewis Hamilton partnership again In fact, fans can even indulge themselves with the St Regis Bal Harbour’s Diamond Package for £87,500. This includes a dinner with wine-pairing, use of an ocean-front villa and a private round-trip flight to Miami with EvoJets. This weekend’s event does not quite match Monaco. During race weekends in Monte Carlo, the Churchill Suite at Hotel de Paris on Casino Square is £100,000 a night. Regardless of the expensive costs, it is estimated the Miami area will see a spike of around 35,000 in hotel bookings this week while a crowd of 80,000 is expected to attend. There will be an intentionally star-studded list of attendees on the pre-race grid, James, Jordan, Brady, former Dolphins quarterback Dan Marino, David Beckham and the Williams sisters. DON'T MISSMcLaren investigating employee after posts abusing Lewis HamiltonTwo workers 'burned' in accident at Miami GP track and hospitalisedLewis Hamilton Mercedes feud 'went too far' admits Nico Rosberg F1’s owners Liberty Media are attempting to capitalise on the explosion in popularity of the sport in the United States in the wake of Netflix’s docu-series Drive to Survive. The race will be F1’s 11th event in the States, and Lewis Hamilton will attend a promotional golf event alongside Brady as the sport looks to grow further. The 22-race F1 2022 campaign - which is expected to return to a record 23 races in the near future once a Russian Grand Prix replacement is found - continues with the Miami Grand Prix on May 8.