Liverpool are edging closer to securing their second signing of the summer in Aberdeen defender Calvin Ramsay. The Reds have been strongly linked to Ramsay for months and look set to introduce him to Jurgen Klopp's squad as a long-term competition for Trent Alexander-Arnold. According to Sky Sports, Liverpool are 'on the verge' of completing a £6million deal for the 18-year-old right-back. It would be a club-record fee for Aberdeen, who successfully fended off interest from Italy in the January transfer window. The report claims the Scottish Premiership outfit rejected an approach from Bologna, who tabled a loan offer worth £830,000 with an obligation to buy him for £3.3m this summer. They were only willing to offload Ramsay for considerably higher than their current £3m record sale, criteria his transfer to Liverpool will meet. Klopp views the teenager as a rival for Alexander-Arnold, who has been mainly deputised by natural centre-back Joe Gomez this season. He is considered one of the most promising starlets in Europe and has been the shining light of a dismal campaign for Aberdeen, currently slumped in 10th. JUST IN: Guardiola's secret Twitter account emerges after bold Liverpool claim An Anfield switch will be an enticing proposition as it is for Ramsay, but even more so because of his admiration for Alexander-Arnold. He has previously named the 23-year-old as one of his most prominent career influences. "There are some great players who have won the award, and it's a massive achievement for me," Ramsay said after winning the 2021-22 SFWA Young Player of the Year award. "As a full-back, watching Trent and his crosses and his technical ability - if I can get to that level, then it would be a bonus." READ MORE: Man Utd planning ‘big restructure’ for Ten Hag era with Arnold unhappy Ramsay has made 39 appearances for Aberdeen since breaking into the first team last season. And he already boasts a taste of European experience under his belt, featuring in a 5-1 win against Swedish side BK Hacken in a Europa Conference League qualifier in July. He has registered one goal and nine assists in all competitions this season and undoubtedly possesses the attacking confidence and quality to slot into Klopp's high demands of his full-backs. His arrival will likely spell the end of Neco Williams' Liverpool career; the Welshman could leave permanently after his loan stint at Fulham this term.