Peter Kay has maintained a low profile in recent years but the beloved comic wowed the crowd when he stepped on stage at The Ivor Novello Awards 2022 on Thursday. TV historian Lucy Worsley shared a snap of the Phoenix Nights creator on Twitter, as she shared her surprise at seeing him. The comedian stepped away from the public eye in 2017 due to “unforeseen family circumstances”. The Car Share funnyman has made a few public appearances in recent months. Taking to the micro-blogging site, Lucy expressed her desire to meet Michael Buble at the star-studded event. In view of her 222,000 followers, she shared a photo of Peter after he took to the stage at the music awards. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman puts on very busty display at Top Gun premiere She began: "But, importantly, as soon as I arrived at #TheIvors I scanned the room for Mr Michael Bublé. Where was he?" The television presenter then shared a series of photos of attendees including Laura Mvula, Shakira and Nile Rodgers. Lucy then shared a snap of Peter who looked dapper in a two-piece suit on stage. She captioned the post: "And is that REALLY Peter Kay??? And yet..." Since his last tour in 2011, Peter has only appeared at special events and has been rarely seen in public over the past decade. In late 2017, the Phoenix Nights star cancelled his tour citing “unforeseen family circumstances”. At the time, the comedian cancelled all 100 dates of his sold out Peter Kay Live Arena Tour shows months before he was due to go on the road. He issued a statement on his Facebook page at the time which read: "Due to unforeseen family circumstances, I deeply regret that I am having to cancel all of my upcoming work projects. DON'T MISS... 'Staggeringly shameless' Harry and Meghan's Netflix move ripped apart[LATEST]Carol Vorderman puts on very busty display at Top Gun premiere[PICTURES]John Aylward dead: ER and West Wing star dies aged 75[TRIBUTES] The following year he made a brief appearance at a screening of BBC’s Car Share and didn’t take to the stage until August 2021 for a charity show. He received a standing ovation as he attended the charity Q&A at the Manchester Apollo and joked: “I've never in my life had a standing ovation when I came on. I'm going to go away for four more years.” "My apologies. I'm sure you'll understand that my family must always come first." The TV star's pal and fellow comic recently urged fans to "keep an eye out" for Peter's comedy comeback. Speaking on Dublin radio station FM104's Strawberry Alarm Clock show, Jason said: "He's great, Pete. We've known each other a long time, it must be 25 years. It's been a hell of a ride. "He's just an absolute legend isn't he? What a treasure." He added: "Hopefully back himself soon, doing stand-up, so keep your eye out for his tour. Not that he needs you to buy a ticket as much as I do." The Ivor Novello awards those in the industry for songwriting and composing and have been presented annually in London by the Academy since 1956.