The disappearance of the Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 will be pored over in a fresh analysis tonight. ‘Flight MH370: The Full Story’ on Channel 5 draws on evidence from experts, independent sleuths and the official investigation. The first instalment of the three-parter looks at how the plane vanished more than eight years ago. On March 8, 2014, the flight took off from Kuala Lumpur International Airport bound for Beijing Capital International Airport. But the ill-fated plane never made it to its destination, and the 239 people on board were never to be seen again. Retired British aerospace engineer Richard Godfrey discussed the disappearance in December of last year. Speaking to The Sunday Times, the Frankfurt-based expert outlined his outlandish theory for how MH370 disappeared. He said: “To me, it is clear there is still certain information being withheld, principally by the Malaysian government.” MH370 lost contact with the ground less than an hour after take-off and was manually diverted from its scheduled flight plan. JUST IN: GB News: 'Incompetent' Joe Biden blasted as 'disaster' as Trump flirts with comeback Investigators had initially combed the waters of the South China Sea, before search efforts switched to the Indian Ocean. Large pieces of debris, including the flaperon of the plane’s right wing, were found washed up on the island of Reunion, east of Madagascar. However, in January 2017, the governments of Australia, Malaysia and China announced that they were ending the official search for the flight. Searches for the plane in the Indian Ocean, southwest of Australia, where it was believed to have crashed, did not turn up anything. A year later, private investigators also halted their search efforts after failing to find out what happened to the aircraft. However, Mr Godfrey believes that he does know what happened to vanished Flight MH370. The expert, who worked on the European Space Agency laboratory, believes the plane may have been hijacked by its pilot, Captain Zaharie Ahmad Shah. He said: “My current view is that the captain hijacked and diverted his own plane.” The Captain supported the Malaysian opposition and was known to be close to its leader, Anwar Ibrahim. The day before MH370 disappeared, Ibrahim was sentenced to five years in prison on sodomy charges. DON'T MISS: Russia's underprepared army 'being mowed down' by Ukraine as fighting intensifies [LATEST]Queen in history: How the world has changed during Queen Elizabeth's 70-year reign [INSIGHT]Russia's underprepared army 'being mowed down' by Ukraine as fighting intensifies [ANALYSIS] His supporters claimed the charges against him were false and politically motivated. Mr Godfrey said: “Whether that was sufficient to drive Zaharie to hold his passengers hostage is pure speculation, and I have no evidence for that.” The expert said Zaharie could have tried to secure Ibrahim’s release during the time the flight was known to be off course. He added: “Maybe somehow that negotiation went wrong and he ends up flying to the remotest part of the southern Indian Ocean.” Besides Mr Godfrey’s conspiracy theory, the engineer also presented his credible final report into the aviation mystery last year, which is considered “by broad agreement the closest anyone has come” to figuring out what happened to MH370. Based on years of research, including an archive of radio waves that show plane movements, his report narrowed down the final resting place for the aircraft to an area of ocean 1,200 miles west of Perth, Australia. ‘Flight MH370: The Full Story’ airs on Channel 5 tonight from 9pm.