Daniel Ricciardo ‘trashed the whole floor’ of the Hilton hotel during one wild McLaren party, the driver has revealed. Ricciardo and team-mate Lando Norris have opened up on the bashes held at the hotel, which has looked after their team’s stars since 2005. The McLaren duo were speaking ahead of the Miami Grand Prix last weekend, which was not quite as enjoyable for them as their celebrations. They admitted they can be ‘naughty’ when the team parties. And Aussie Ricciardo has told of how he once ‘trashed’ the floor of a hotel during one event. Norris, meanwhile, recalled being kicked out of a pool alongside other party-goers before continuing celebrations in the hotel. “I mean, I didn't merely trash the room, I trashed the whole floor,” Ricciardo joked. JUST IN: Max Verstappen splits F1 fans as Charles Leclerc sits 19 points clear Norris had an excellent breakthrough season in 2019 and recounted a time when the celebrations were too extreme. The now-22-year-old jokingly apologies to hotel-stayers who were disturbed by the event. “We got kicked out of the pool. We were being naughty in the pool and everyone, not just me, got kicked out ... we went up to the rooms and had a nice party. I apologise if there were any disturbed people ... it was good fun,” Norris added, as reported by the New York Post. Hilton have looked after McLaren drivers for nearly two decades. Ricciardo has praised the service provided to them. DON'T MISS...Lando Norris 'as good as' Lewis Hamilton and Max VerstappenMercedes have 'easy route' out of Lewis Hamilton issuesGeorge Russell overwhelmingly backed to leave Lewis Hamilton reeling The 32-year-old, whose place at McLaren is under threat, continued: “They do very well at helping me stay fresh on race day. They're very quick and efficient with bringing smelly dirty clothes back clean and wonderful.” Ricciardo finished 13th in Miami, while a collision with Lance Stroll meant Norris was unable to finish beyond lap 39. But Norris enjoyed a much better experience at Imola in the previous race, finishing third for the second year running. The British-Belgian driver praised the camaraderie at McLaren. He said after the race: "We worked so hard in Bahrain and got so little out of it, and we put even more effort into the last two races. It's nice to see it paying off. We've brought some small things - nothing which has just boosted us up into P3 [though]. "The teamwork and the pit stops were amazing, I don't think that today, and this weekend, was all about the car. It was how we executed the weekend that gave us this result - the starts, the strategies, qualifying, judging the tyres. The smaller things that you probably don't get to see, got us the podium."