The Eurovision Song Contest 2022 takes place in Turin, Italy after Måneskin’s track Zitti e buoni stormed to victory last year. This week has seen the semi-finals play out with the nations whittled down ahead of the grand final this evening (May 14). Here’s everything you need to know about this year’s Eurovision. The Eurovision Song Contest 2022 will be starting at 8pm BST (9pm CEST) tonight and UK viewers can watch the coverage on BBC One. The 67th Eurovision Song Contest will be taking place at PalaOlimpico, Turin with Laura Pausini, Alessandro Cattelan and Mika presenting the show. The contest will be running until midnight with the programme likely to run over as it has done so in previous years. Once the show has wrapped, the grand final will be available to watch on iPlayer via catch up. READ MORE: Ukraine Eurovision 2022 song: Meaning of Kalush Orchestra's Stefania A total of 40 countries participated this year with only 25 nations qualifying for the grand final. The ‘Big Five’ consisting of the UK, France, Italy, Germany and Spain automatically went through to the final as they provide the biggest financial contribution to the event. Earlier this year the European Broadcasting Union banned Russia from the competition following the invasion of Ukraine and continued conflict. Ukraine is one of the favourites to win the competition this year with their entrant Kalush Orchestra and their song Stefania. You can stream the Eurovision Song Contest live on the BBC iPlayer, which allows users to watch content on many devices including phones, tablets, laptops or smart TVs. However, you will need a TV licence and a BBC account to access iPlayer content. Graham Norton will be again on hand to offer incisive commentary on the competition from his box at the event. Alternatively, you can stream the contest via the Eurovision Song Contest’s official YouTube account, which also has a wealth of other videos from across this year’s competition. TikTok star Sam Ryder will be representing the UK this year with his uplifting track Space Man. He has over 12 million social media followers on TikTok and 100 million likes, making him the biggest British artist on the platform. Space Man was co-written with Max Wolfgang and Grammy Award-winning songwriter Amy Wadge, who was also worked on Ed Sheeran’s Thinking Out Loud. Sam first rose to fame during the first coronavirus lockdown when he started making music and sharing it on social media. DON'T MISS...Antiques Road Trip’s Natasha Raskin Sharp on how she nearly lost role [INTERIVEW]'It was a lie!' Susanna Reid skewers Wes Streeting over Angela Rayner [VIDEO]Coronation Street theory: Tim Metcalfe gets devastating health update [INSIGHT] According to Coral, the UK is the second favourite to win at 6/1 just behind Ukraine with 8/13. While BetFair has placed the UK at 15/2 with Ukraine still leading with 8/15. Other favourites include Italy, Sweden, Spain, Greece and Poland. If Sam does win, it would end the UK’s 25-year dry spell including a disastrous year when the nation was awarded nul points. The Eurovision Song Contest grand final will air on BBC One tonight at 8pm