  Loose Women star Charlene White, 41, has congratulated a colleague who left their ITV team for an “even bigger role” in wider organisation, ITN. Rachel Corp, who is currently Editor of ITV News, has been awarded an exciting new position within the company.      Charlene took to Twitter today to update her 63,200 followers on Rachel’s incredible news. She penned: “Congrats to our current @itvnews Editor @RachelCorpTweet (Rachel Corp). “Who’s about to take on an even bigger role… as CEO of @itn!” The presenter also shared the original announcement tweet from her employer ITN, which was posted this morning. READ MORE: Richard Gere, 72, looks loved up with third wife Alejandra Silva, 39     “We're delighted to announce that Rachel Corp has been appointed as our new CEO,” the company shared. “Rachel is currently Editor of ITV News and will take up her new role in September.” Some people left congratulatory messages for Rachel in the comments section. Julia Watson wrote: “Brilliant appointment, rightly deserved.      “Under her, ITN has walked off with all the major scoops, even in covering Washington DC news events, stealing the story out from under US counterparts.” While Charlotte Vaughan added: “Huge congratulations to @RachelCorpTweet - amazing news!!! Love you xx.” ITN is one of the UK’s leading TV production and news outfits, producing daily news programs for ITV, Channel 4 and Channel 5. Rachel is set to join the company as CEO on September 1, replacing current CEO Deborah Turness, who will continue to lead the organisation until then.  READ MORE... Zoe Henry breaks social media silence with Jeff Hordley update [UPDATE] Dawn French, 64, glows as she attends Sondheim's Old Friends gala [NEWS] Andrea McLean watches Met Gala from afar as she turns up uninvited [LATEST]       Deborah will be joining the BBC, having already been named as CEO of News and Current Affairs earlier this year. Rachel is currently responsible for ITV’s national news programs and digital output, as well as overseeing ITV News London and ITV News-produced Tonight programme. ITV News has been first to break several major stories under her leadership, including the Partygate scandal and the reports into substandard conditions in UK council housing. Ahead of being publicly announced as CEO, Rachel told ITN how “delighted” she was to be taking on the role.      “Having worked across ITN for over three decades, I am delighted and honoured to be taking the reins as CEO at such a crucial time for news and journalism,” she began. “As well as an incredibly exciting stage of the company’s wider development with so many ambitious projects on the horizon across TV production, sports, events and advertising to name just a few. “ITN has a huge wealth of talent and creativity and I am so proud to be leading the organisation I care passionately about into its next chapter.” Charlene is a presenter for ITV News and joined Loose Women as an anchor in 2021.   