Resorts around Tulum and Cancun have been popular with American tourists for decades. But with international flights resuming, and EU rules meaning many Brits will have to apply for permits to live in Spain, many are opting for similar weather without the hassle, according to property expert Shaheen Lambert. The CEO of property broker Zisla - which specialises in selling holiday and retirement homes in Mexico - revealed that developers and tourism chiefs in the South American country are bracing themselves for an influx of holidaymakers and retirees in the coming years. Ms Lambert explained: “Mexico has always been popular with tourists and holidaymakers from the states because you get a lot more bang for your buck. “Now this has dawned on UK expats looking to pass out their retirement in a warmer climate. “Spain was also the go-to choice but Brexit has complicated that and Mexico is capitalising on the gap in the market. “We’re barely out of lockdown and we are already seeing a massive increase in demand - especially from Brits. “We expect that only to grow as we gradually return to pre-Covid levels of international travel.” Ms Lambert spoke shortly after the Government signed a historic trade deal with the country boosting links with preferential tariff rates and boosting business. And now as Brits are clobbered with post-Brexit rules that hit their ability to drive, travel and stay in Spain Mexican firms have revealed a surge in interest. The rise in interest is centred around the paradise party destinations of Tulum and Cancun - which have helped push Mexico to be the number one holiday destination in the world.  A luxury villa can be bought for just £110,000 less than a third of the price of a property in traditional tourism trap Marbella. And the sprawling properties are just minutes from restaurants where holidaymakers can enjoy top quality food for a fraction of London prices. A meal for two in Cancun including a bottle of wine would cost just £61.24, according to the Post Office. This may have led to demand for the Mexican peso soaring by 91 percent so far in 2022 compared to the same period in 2020, according to the Post Office. And with Tulum, which is located between white sandy beaches and Mayan ruins, in store for further development, this spiralling popularity will only continue, according to Ms Lambert. She believes that with planning permission being recently granted to extend the crucial Kukulcan Avenue trunk road the area will continue to “boom”. She said: “The widening of Kukulcan Avenue in Tulum has not only made it much more convenient for residents to get to the beach and reduced travel time for both workers and visitors heading to the Hotel Zone by relieving traffic on the Tulum-Boca Paila road. “With two entrances and exits, the move has also helped decongest the current levels of traffic along the beach itself, while also linking many areas to the coastline for the first time. 