Johnny Depp and Amber Heard's former friend, iO Tillett Wright, has testified on Tuesday in a pre-recorded testimony played to the courtroom. The author and television host claimed that the Jack Sparrow actor “would insult his fans”, branding them “remoras” - a type of fish. The trial resumed on Monday at Virginia's Fairfax County Courthouse following a break of over a week. During his testimony, Mr Wright claimed that Johnny’s alleged alcohol and drugs consumption would reveal a "cruel and misogynistic" side to the actor. He also claimed that Johnny would direct his insults at Amber, attacking her looks and talent. Mr Wright said: "Johnny is incredibly intelligent, incredibly smart and witty, and he would point his jokes at people, Amber's appearance, her talent — her lack of talent, as he perceived it, why he thought she was actually famous, which he always implied was because of her looks." Amber's former pal also claimed that Johnny would label his fans “remoras” and would also take aim at his own family. In his video statement, Mr Wright went on: “He would insult his fans, he called them — I remember, he called them remoras, which is a type of suckerfish that attaches itself to the hull of a ship and puts a hole in it and then sinks it. "He would rail against his mother, his sister - sisters. Pretty much anyone he felt had crossed him or would cross him. He became very nasty." The cross-examination of Amber began on Monday, with Johnny’s lawyer, Camille Vasquez, questioning the actress. During the conversation, Amber was asked if she knew why Johnny had not been looking at her during the trial. Camille said: “Mr Depp has not looked at you once this entire trial, has he?” Amber responded: “Not that I have noticed, no.” Johnny’s lawyer then enquired: “You know exactly why Mr Depp won’t look back at you, don’t you?” READ MORE...Amber Heard 'slips up' in deposition, Johnny Depp's lawyer claims [INSIGHT]Phillip Schofield sparks divide amid Queen's Jubilee - 'Switched off!' [UPDATE]Lorraine Kelly warns Kate Garraway’s husband is in for 'a hard road' [LATEST] “I do,” the Aquaman actress replied. Camille continued: “He promised you, you would never see his eyes again.” Amber replied: "He cannot look at me. He can't." Asked about her accusations that Johnny was an abuser, Amber claimed: "He is an abuser... and you can look either of us up online and see who's being abused." Camille later played an audio clip of a 2016 meeting between the pair in San Francisco after Amber filed for divorce and obtained a restraining order against Johnny. Amber could be heard saying: "Please I just want to hug you and say bye." Johnny responded: “We won’t see each other again. I’m going to take my f**king glasses off. You will not see my eyes again” His lawyer then probed Amber: “He kept that promise hasn’t he?” The defamation trial will continue this week.