There are few cars more iconic in cinema history, or, in fact, in the world. The Aston Martin DB5 made its first appearance in Goldfinger, much to Sean Connery's Bond's evident delight. It was the dawn of an era of tricked out cars with ejector seats and machine guns before it all got a little silly with the notorious 'invisible' Die Another Day Aston Martin Bondmobile. A unique chance to buy a piece of movie history, or just to look incredible cool as you pop down to the shops, has just been announced. As if that wasn't enough, this i s actually the Bond movie DB5 owned by Connery, himself. SCROLL DOWN TO SEE BOND INTRODUCED TO HIS CLASSIC ASTON MARTIN AND GADGETS BY Q Unfortunately, the price tag will rule most of us out immediately. The current auction estimate puts the utterly iconic classic DB5 at anything up to a revved up and cool 1.8million dollars (approximately £1.4million). Well-known around the world by its original UK registration number, FMP 7B, the Aston Martin is the sole remaining, original 007 DB5. It featured on screen with Sean Connery in his second and third 007 outings and comes complete with a host of 'rather interesting modifications' - originally conceived by Oscar-award-winning special effects expert John Stears. As is always the case, more than one Aston Martin DB5 was used during filming. FMP 7B is the only one now available and in circulation. But it's also the fact that Connery himself owned this model until his 2020 death that makes it so unique. It follows the recent sale of one of Sean Connery's artworks, a Picasso, for #17.7million. The official auction notice said: "Broad Arrow Auctions is thrilled to announce the consignment of the personal Aston Martin DB5 of legendary actor and icon, Sir Sean Connery, for the upcoming auction to be held at the Monterey Jet Center this 18 August. "The 1964 Aston Martin DB5, with an auction estimate of US $1,400,000 - $1,800,000, will be offered directly from the Connery family, who have committed to donating a significant portion of the sale proceeds to benefit the Sean Connery Philanthropy Fund. " DON'T MISSRoger Moore named the 'best' Bond ever and his pick for the next BondJames Bond: Sean Connery's real terror filming ThunderballBond actor who shot himself had 'unnatural lusts' said Roger Moore Connery didn't actually own the DB5 from his early Bond days, but instead bought it in later years from a collector. The auction will take place on August 18 at the Monterey Jet Center during Monterey Car Week and the winning bid will also receive a personal drive from Connery's dear friend and legendary racing champion Jackie Stewart.