Emergency services were called to the blaze on the 85ft (26m) luxury vessel at Princess Pier in Torquay, Devon, at around midday on Saturday, with five fire engines attending. The blaze engulfed the motorboat which broke away from its mooring and drifted into the pier. Devon & Cornwall Police have cordoned off Torquay seafront and Princess Gardens following the blaze, Devon Live reported. A major incident has been declared and residents are being urged to keep doors and windows shut. Explosions were heard when the multi-million-pound yacht burst into flames earlier today. Members of the public described hearing a bang before seeing a huge plume of black smoke. The blaze burnt through the ropes mooring the vessel, leaving the boat to drift into the pier. The boat was secured by the fire service near the marina’s pier before it sank. All businesses along the waterfront have been closed. No injuries have been reported, Devon & Cornwall Police said. Emergency services declared a major incident and officers evacuated a nearby beach and roads. Police have confirmed that a number of road closures have been put in place following the incident. Torquay seafront has been closed and the public is being urged to avoid the area. In a tweet at 12.45pm, Devon and Somerset Fire and Rescue Service said: "We currently have five fire appliances at #Torquay marina fighting a fire on an 85ft private vessel. Please do keep away from the area." In an earlier statement, a spokesperson for the fire service said: "85ft motorboat on fire. Fire crews called at 11.57am. "Three fire engines on the scene. Liaising with the harbourmaster." Nearby beaches have been closed and people are being urged to avoid the area. The Environment Agency (EA) said it was believed to have had about nine tonnes of diesel on board. In a tweet, the EA said as the vessel had now sunk, the focus was “now on pollution”. An EA spokesman added that the response to that threat would be led by the harbour master, while the agency would provide “advice and guidance on bathing water quality”. Police said nearby residents should keep their doors and windows shut “due to the levels of smoke and fumes”.  A spokesperson for Devon & Cornwall Police said: "Police were called at 12.10pm today to Princess Pier in Torquay following reports of a fire on a yacht moored in the marina. "The boat is believed to be well alight and had broken from the mooring. It has now been secured by the fire service near the pier. "There have been no reported injuries at this time. "Emergency services remain at the scene where the incident is ongoing. "Due to levels of smoke and fumes we are asking residents in the area to keep their doors and windows shut at this time. "Members of the public are also urged to avoid the area and beaches are being cleared by officers for public safety.  "A number of road closures have been put in place." Cat Jones, a Liberal Democrat member of Torbay Council who witnessed the blaze, tweeted: "A yacht is on fire by Torquay marina it's like a fire ball!" Another eyewitness described "huge flames" at the scene. They told Devon Live: "It started off 15 minutes ago alongside pontoon. There were explosions. Ropes burnt through and it drifted into pier. "Firemen took trolleys and pumps along pontoons but water not reaching. "Some people are trapped on the other end of the pier and can’t get back. "Firemen are running along the pier. Still huge flames."  People took to Twitter to share pictures of the fire. One Twitter user, Cat Johns, wrote: "A yacht is on fire by Torquay marina it’s like a fireball!" Another, Georgina Cleasby, posted a snap of thick smoke rising from the boat. They said: "Fire Torquay Harbour. Hopefully no injuries." One more Twitter user with the handle @JohnTho77244494 tweeted: "Big fire at Torquay Harbour!" BBC Devon reporter Louise Mitchell said it looked like the fire “was at the end of a pier”. She said: “You could certainly see massive flames reaching up into the air and the plume of smoke was just enormous.” She added that coastguards had been evacuating the area around Torre Abbey Meadows.