Matt Baker's learning disability dyslexia has often made reading comprehension difficult. However in an unearthed interview, the Our Farm in the Dales star has revealed that his continuing success on the show is often down to the support of his "bookworm" wife Nicola Mooney. Speaking on The One Show, which he previously co-hosted along with Alex Jones, he admitted: "My wife [reads my scripts] for me." He added that she had been "incredibly helpful" while he dealt with the fears of reading text out loud. Angellica Bell, who was standing in for Alex at the time while she took maternity leave, had also been discussing the issue with Line of Duty star Stephen Graham. The actor said he had been receiving the same help from his own wife, Hannah Walters. READ NOW: Sir David Jason hints Only Fools and Horses would be cancelled today Countryfile star Matt had previously admitted: "The scariest thing someone can do to me is hand me an email on live television and ask me to read it out." He added in an interview with the Yorkshire Post: “It does something to me. It’s absolutely petrifying." Fortunately, childhood sweetheart Nicola is calm and reassuring when he has a meltdown behind the scenes. The love-struck presenter gushed to the Radio Times: “I have a very patient wife. "Nicola is very supportive and understanding - she is everything to me." He added: "I couldn’t have done any of this without her. “She makes sure there is everything I want when I get home and she’s a fantastic mother. I really owe her so much.” The pair were each other's childhood crushes after meeting more than 23 years ago, when Matt had just come out of his teens. DON'T MISS... Demi Rose sets pulses racing as she flashes bottom [PHOTOS] Only Fools and Horses David Jason in rare sighting at Clarkson's Farm [UPDATE] Jenny Ryan issues apology as she's forced to pull out of show [LATEST]  The former Blue Peter presenter had been performing in a disco show at the Pier 39 club in Cleethorpes in the 90s - and she was smitten. Matt has spoken of how authentic his relationship with her feels, as they met before the trappings of TV fame. "I'm so lucky that I met my wife Nicola before any of this telly lark started," he commented. "I knew way back then she was the one." The pair now have two children together, a 14-year-old son, Luke, and a 12-year-old daughter, Molly. Nicola has a relatively quiet job outside of the public eye as a physiotherapist. However she has been spotted attending showbiz events with him too. Meanwhile, Matt can always rely on his sweetheart to assist with reading struggles, as she has endless enthusiasm for helping and "always has her head stuck in a book".