Taken in November 13, 2020, when just two people from different households were permitted to mix indoors, they’re inducing howls of righteous indignation. But to what end? Partygate has dragged on for months. A police investigation has concluded last week, with a total of 126 fixed penalty notices being issued to 83 individuals including Mr Johnson, wife Carrie and Chancellor Rishi Sunak. Sue Gray’s report is expected in the next 24 hours. When that lands the PM will address Parliament in full. Already the complaints have gone on too long. It is not a diversion to say that there are more pressing political matters, such as the cost-of-living crisis. Moreover, while acknowledging that Mr Johnson’s handling of Partygate hasn’t always been exemplary, and that mistakes were made, he has been dealt one of the toughest prime ministerial hands for decades, with Brexit, the pandemic and now a war testing his resolve. That there is no immediate leadership challenge shows how high these stakes are and, meanwhile, the Labour opposition has few answers to the economic crisis. Let’s keep our heads – and our sense of proportion.  Our nation’s teeth have long been derided. Comic Spike Milligan even wrote a poem about English teeth, ending: “Let’s sing a song of praise to them – three cheers for the brown grey and black.” But at least we used to be able to have our teeth done on the NHS – a scenario that is now in peril. So-called “dental deserts” are forming in deprived parts of England, where patients in need simply have no access to NHS dentistry. This is inexcusable, and particularly outrageous when poor dental health can lead to other diseases, including heart disease, cancer and dementia. It is imperative that the Government and NHS take an urgent review and stop this unacceptable health inequality. The BBC director-general Tim Davie is faced with unprecedented pressures and brickbats. Which is why we should applaud his candour and willingness to find a way through the funding mire, adding that it is vital that the public payers of the £159 licence fee are heard. It bodes well that Mr Davie is taking public opinion seriously – and not retreating to the ivory tower that BBC heads once occupied. 