Peter Kay, 48, could be back on the road next year after stepping away from the limelight six years ago. In 2017, the comedian was forced to cancel a 14-month stand-up tour due to “unforeseen family circumstances”. But now, according to reports, Peter could be making a comeback next year that would include “huge” UK venues. The source said: “He has lined up huge venues across the country including in Manchester, London and Birmingham and is hoping to announce it in September. “Peter has not performed a live stand-up set on a big stage in well over a decade now but he could not be more ready to get back out there,” the source added to The Sun. Express.co.uk has contacted Peter Kay's representatives for comment. READ MORE: Rebekah Vardy's future 'in tatters' after ‘complete disaster’ trial The tour would mark Peter’s return to the stage after he stepped back on December 13, 2017. The comedian announced in a statement that he had been forced to pull out of his worldwide tour due to “unforeseen family circumstances”. In a string of tweets, he said: He said: "Due to unforeseen family circumstances, I deeply regret that I am having to cancel all of my upcoming work projects. "This unfortunately includes my upcoming standup tour, Dance for Life shows and any outstanding live work commitments. "My sincerest apologies. This decision has not been taken lightly and I'm sure you'll understand my family must always come first." Peter said was doing "great" as he made a rare public appearance near his home in April. He was the guest of honour at the inauguration of a new wheelchair-accessible "wheelyboat" near his home in Bolton. As he cut the ribbon to the boat, Peter even cracked a few jokes: “It's very lovely to be here today. DON'T MISS:Rebekah Vardy's future 'in tatters' after ‘complete disaster’ trial [NEWS]'Was cast out' Dan Walker says he was branded 'security risk' [UPDATE]Jada Pinkett Smith fights back tears - 'Terrified little girl' [INSIGHT] "I'm honoured to be asked to launch this fantastic wheelyboat, which I hope gives a lot of people a lot of pleasure and happiness out on the water. "I love coming here, and the people are really nice. “When it's a nice day and there's a heatwave you think you're in the south of France." He later quipped: "I've never launched anything in my life, apart from one of my children - no, only kidding.” The boat was launched on the Lowere Rivington Reservoir near Chorley and helps disabled adults and children get involved in water-based activities. During the event, Peter was asked how he was doing, and he replied: "I'm great, thank you very much. “It’s nice to be doing something, nice to be doing this."