Former Conservative MP Christian Wakeford says he has definitely moved past a stage of grief he felt after leaving the Conservative Party thanks to the Sue Gray report, which confirmed again lockdown-busting parties were held in Downing Street in the presence of Boris Johnson. MP Christian defected from Boris Johnson’s Conservative Party over a series of scandals within the party and disagreements with some economic policies. In a letter to Boris Johnson on the day of his defection, MP Christian wrote: "You and the Conservative Party as a whole have shown themselves incapable of offering the leadership and government this country needs”" adding "changes can only be delivered by a Labour government with Keir Starmer." When asked what he thinks about his decision to leave the Conservative Party after Sue Gray report, Mr Wakeford said: "I don’t want to stand here and say I feel vindicated. "I think I’ve gone through the sorrow. "I’m now angry because what we have is a prime minister in Boris Johnson who is actually a threat to democracy the longer he’s in that office. "He cheapens the office, he cheapens Number 10, he cheapens Parliament." "I’m not shocked, I’m not surprised", Mr Wakeford added. "But to actually have it in black and white detailing the shocking, awful culture that’s been there in Number 10 for not only days of parties but months. "To then actually hear that cleaners, custodians, security guards have not only been heckled and abused but borderline bullying for just trying to do the right thing and say parties shouldn’t be going ahead. "I think the report itself is absolutely damning." READ MORE: 'Furious last-ditch Rejoiner plot' expected on hated deal In her highly critical report, senior civil servant Sue Gray points out that security and cleaning staff operating around the lockdown-breaking events have been subject to "a lack of respect and poor treatment", which Ms Gray condemned as "unacceptable". "The Prime Minister’s half-hearted apologies have been shocking. "No one believes him." DON'T MISS: Conservative MPs rally behind Boris following release of Gray report [REPORT]Liz Truss explodes at EU 'This is causing political instability!' [REPORT]'We had to implement them!' Boris forced to justify the rules he broke [REPORT]  "But again, when he’s coming forward to Parliament and saying: ‘there was no parties, they were just work events’ "We’ve had lies after lies after lies. "And the public is sick of it now."