Law and Order was resurrected earlier this year after coming to an end in 2010, welcoming new actors to the NBC legal drama. Since it first aired though, in September 1990, the franchise has expanded with the spin-offs SVU (Special Victims Unit) and Organized Crime. For the first decade of the original series, actor Steven Hill was among the stars who made Law and Order into a hit. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Law and Order. District Attorney Adam Schiff (played by Steven Hill) was one of the original characters in Law and Order and remained in the drama for 10 years. Schiff, however, decided to leave his job behind at the end of season 10 so he could coordinate commemorations of the Holocaust Project. He was succeeded by interim district attorney Nora Lewin (Dianne Wiest) but before he went, it was a very emotional goodbye from all of his colleagues. In the series, it was Schiff's decision to move on to pastures anew and away from the cameras, it was the same for actor Hill. READ MORE: ‘I wasn't a big fan’ Outlander's Caitriona Balfe speaks on key change After his departure, producer Dick Wolf explained to Newsday how Hill, who was 78-years-old at the time, left Law and Order as he wanted to retire. According to The List, Wolf said Hill was "tired" of commuting from the suburbs into Manhattan every week to film the series. When he did make his departure, the Schiff star took a step back from the entertainment industry as a whole. Law and Order turned out to be his final ever role as the actor died in 2016 at the age of 94. Six years ago, Hill's daughter Sarah Gobioff made the announcement through the New York Times. She revealed her dad was in Manhattan at the time of his death. Wolf labelled Hill as "one of the most intelligent people", in a moving statement. He continued: "He is also the only actor I've known who consistently tried to cut his own lines. "He will be missed, but fortunately he can be seen ubiquitously on Law & Order reruns." DON'T MISS...Gogglebox fans call for Giles and Mary to be cut from show [REACTION]Law and Order exit: Why is Anthony Anderson leaving as Kevin Bernard? [EXPLAINER]Law and Order exit: Why did Denis Leary leave as Frank Donnelly? [CAST] Prior to starring in the legal series, actor Hill was already well known for starring in the TV version of Mission: Impossible as Dan Briggs on CBS back in 1966. He was also in Modern Romances, Storm Fear, Judgment at Nuremberg, Teachers, The Boost and White Palace. Hill's first-ever role was way back in 1949 in a series called Actor's Studio which he had a recurring part for a handful of episodes. NBC announced that Law and Order would be making an epic comeback last year with season 21 just coming to an end. Law and Order, SVU and Organzied Crime all aired their series finales on Thursday, May 19, on NBC. This is great news for fans of the original drama as it has already been given the green light for a 22nd season. SVU and Organized Crime have also been renewed with SVU returning for season 24 and Organized Crime for a third outing. Law and Order is available to watch on NBC.