The TV ads showed the hi-tech new vehicles using parking sensors and cameras to reverse all the way to a cliff edge before stopping. However a couple of people complained that the sensors wouldn’t warn the driver of empty space behind the car. That led to the Advertising Standards Authority stepping in and the commercials having to be pulled. The clip was to promote the brand's new Defender model, showing several Land Rovers driving through difficult terrain on an island. It ended with a close-up shot of one of the cars reverse parking on the edge of a cliff, using the vehicle’s parking sensor to guide them. The parking sensor system showed "on road" mode when the Defender reversed towards the edge, where a red line mapped the shape of a boulder in the camera, reported the Star. READ MORE: Drivers furious over sunglasses rule that can land £5,000 fine The two yellow lines indicated the distance between the car and the "obstacle". The ban came as two viewers complained to Advertisement Standard Agency (ASA) and challenged if the parking sensor would warn of empty space. Jaguar Land Rover responded to ASA's investigation and agreed that parking sensors would not warn of empty space behind the vehicle. But they believed the side shots of the advert clearly showed that the car was reversing towards a boulder, which was big enough to have been picked up by the parking sensors. DON'T MISSDriver solves mystery after receiving multiple unknown parking fines [MYSTERY]Elderly drivers 'put off by the cost' of electric cars despite car ban [INTERESTING]‘Legalised theft’ Driver 'baffled' after he received £100 parking fine [OUTRAGEOUS] The company also said rocks were shown behind the vehicle and that the technology alerted the driver to them. However, ASA rejected their explanation and ruled that the advertisement had breached the regulations under "misleading advertising" and "motoring". They wrote in the ruling: "Although some small rocks were visible as the vehicle reversed, they appeared to be incidental to the scene and we considered it was not obvious that the parking sensor was reacting to the rocks rather than the edge of the cliff. "We considered some viewers would therefore interpret that to mean that the car’s parking sensors could recognise when drivers might be reversing near a drop, which might include a smaller hill edge or a drop before water found in 'on-road' areas, both in urban and more rural settings. They continued: "Because we understood the car’s parking sensors reacted to objects behind the vehicle, rather than to empty space such as a drop, and the rocks were not sufficiently prominent to counter that interpretation, we concluded that the ads misleadingly represented the parking sensor feature." The new revamped Defender has been a sales smash for JLR, with demand outstripping supply around the globe. JLR’s sales figures last year showed the Defender is now the company’s best-selling model. The Defender was also the only JLR product to grow its sales over the last two quarters during a time in which JLR’s total sales volume was affected by the pandemic. JLR saw its latest quarterly sales slide as the semiconductor shortage continues to hit the company and the global automotive industry. The Coventry car maker said its retail sales for the three-month period to March 31 this year continued to be constrained by the global semiconductor shortage. But the company said it also saw a gradual improvement in chip supply leading to improved production and wholesale volumes compared to the previous quarter. It added that it expects this to continue through the next fiscal year. It said underlying demand for Jaguar Land Rover products remains strong with record orders in the quarter. Compared to the same period in 2021 the car maker’s sales were down by 36 per cent.