Peter Andre, 49, has been left shaken after he returned to his car last night to see it had been robbed and left with irreversible damage. The Mysterious Girl singer shared a video on Instagram this morning showing the horrific damage, worrying many of his fans. Peter shared the video of his car that had been stripped, leaving only the childrens car seat in the back. The back window had also been completely smashed, with remnants all over the car. He captioned the video in view of his 1.8 million followers: "So this happened last night :((( "Sorry to all those that were coming up after the show and I couldn’t really talk and had to go @greasewestend. READ MORE: A Place In The Sun presenter Danni Menzies shares racy bedroom selfie "I know things could be a lot worse and there are bigger problems in the world but it’s still sad. "And thankfully no one was hurt. Thankfully only material things." The performer also shared a video of the damaged car which showed a smashed window in the back. He said: "I came out of the venue tonight at Grease... this is what happened." Peter showed the damage to the window, as he sighed: "Someone smashed it. They've taken quite a few things." Social media users rushed to the comments to share their support for the star after the "shock" robbery. Yummyyarnsuk said: "What an awful shock. Sending hugs x." Dianegllll added: "What is the matter with people? I hope karma gets to them and the police x. DON'T MISS... John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning [INSIGHT] Bradley Cooper unrecognisable as he plays play Leonard Bernstein [PICS] Robert De Niro, 78, seen on set of film with 'rumoured love interest' [HOLLYWOOD] Laylachapman commented: "What is wrong with people! Sorry to hear of this Pete. Sending love to your beautiful family." Peter is currently starring in the West End Musical Grease as Vince Fontaine at the Dominion Theatre in London. The singer has spoken out previously about being burgled before, revealing last year that he was once robbed three times in a night. He told New Magazine: "Our home was broken into three times in one night by the same people while we were asleep. "They took jewellery and it was horrifying. You want to feel safe in your own home. "Knowing someone has been in it, with an intent to take your things, and the fear of them possibly wanting to do worse, is horrible." Peter moved to the UK from Australia when his singing career took off after the success of Mysterious Girl. He is now married to Emily MacDonagh and the pair share two children together. Peter also has two children from his marriage with reality star Katie Price.