Gabrielle Reith believes she spotted a hammerhead flatworm in her garden this week and took to social media to warn other gardeners. Two new species of the flatworms are thought to have headed to the UK from Europe in recent months and scientists feared they would destroy our biodiversity by eating earthworms, snails and slugs, all of which are reportedly useful to our garden habitats.  Gabrielle, from Aberdeen, wrote to her near 5,000 Instagram followers: "UK folks...If you find a worm in your garden that looks like this then please kill them! They are the invasive New Zealand Flat Worm and kill our earth worms by wrapping round them and dissolving them into pink gloop! "They hide under rocks or weedblock during the day so search there and check the bottom of pots when you buy any plants. Kill them by squishing or dropping into salt. Don’t touch with bare hands as the excretion can aggravate skin! "I don't like killing anything but make an exception for these! We sadly have them in our garden now and the neighbouring farmyard seems to be ground zero." The two new species were discovered in Europe earlier this year, Glasgow Live reports. Earthworms are good for the soil as they break down old plant material, according to a study by Imperial College London. The trade in imported plants is already responsible for the spread of more than 10 species of flatworms around the world from their native Asia. One of the new varieties has been found in France and Italy, and the other on a small island near Africa, Mirror reports. Speaking earlier this year, Professor Jean-Lou Justine, from Paris’s National History Museum, said: "These species have the potential to become invasive and spread all over the world." The scientists, who tested samples, added: "As soon as the sun started heating up the surface, you could see thousands of flatworms coming out."  Some flatworms can grow up to 3ft long, the researcher continued. They eat earthworms, which play a vital role in soil fertility in this country. The Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) says there are approximately 21 species of land flatworms in Britain, of which only four are native. Once in a garden "there is nothing to be done" to reduce flatworm numbers, the RHS says, but it is important to stop them spreading into other gardens by limiting the transfer of soil and plants. More than ten species have been spread around the world, such as Obama nungara (originally from Argentina), Platydemus manokwari (from New Guinea) and Bipalium kewense (from Southeast Asia). Gardeners told of their fears about the new worms online. One wrote: "That's what happens when the borders aren't properly protected and flora is brought in from other countries. The UK is too lapse when it comes to banning anything like this." Another said: "The flatworms should indeed be killed. Soil health is poor as it is due to years of modern farming methods and as crazy as it sounds we need our worms. "Worms, slugs and snails are also an important food source for birds, hedgehogs and other fauna." One gardener said: "Ideally they should be eradicated but the odd gardener finding and killing them occasionally won't make a difference to slow an invasive species down. We've learnt this with harlequin ladybirds. Need tougher controls on imported plants to prevent these things happening in the first place."