Jonathan Brearley, the chief executive of industry regulator Ofgem, informed the the Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy Committee earlier of the expected increase. Mr Brearly revealed he is expecting an increase to the energy price cap in October “in the region of £2,800”. Appearing in front of the committee, the regulator head said: “The price changes are genuinely a once in a generation event not seen since the 1970s.” This latest update from Ofgem will be concerning for the majority of households who are already in the midst of experiencing a rise of £693 to their annual energy bill. Mr Brearley told the Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy Committee: “I am afraid to say conditions have worsened in the global gas market since Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Gas prices are higher and highly volatile. “At times they have now reached over 10 times their normal level. I know this is a very distressing time for customers but I do need to be clear with this committee, with customers and with the government about the likely price implications for October. "Therefore later today I will be writing to the Chancellor to give him our latest estimates of the price cap uplift. "This is uncertain, we are only part way through the price cap window, but we are expecting a price cap in October in the region of £2,800."  READ MORE: Couple in shock as they realise they've spent £2,000 on just one trip to museum  What do you think? Join the debate in the comments section here. This latest update from Ofgem will be concerning for the majority of households who are already in the midst of experiencing a rise of £693 to their annual energy bill. Recently, the regulator announced plans to update its price cap forecast quarterly instead of twice a year. However, consumers will still have to wait until October 2022 to get confirmation about how high their bills will go. Adam Scorer, chief executive of National Energy Action, said: “Ofgem's warning that the price cap will rise again by over £800 in October will strike terror into the hearts of millions of people, already unable to heat and power their homes. "It will plunge households into deep, deep crisis. The financial, social and health impacts are unthinkable. "The UK Government simply must act and use the welfare system and schemes such as Warm Homes Discount to get significant financial support to people before winter. "The ambition should be to find ways of covering the entire price increase for people on the lowest incomes. "But it should do more. It should direct Ofgem to introduce a below market rate social tariff into the energy market as soon as possible, so that the most vulnerable get the greatest protection. "It should double its plans to improve the energy efficiency of homes for people in fuel poverty.” During his appearance in front of the committee, Mr Brearley apologised on behalf of Ofgem for not doing enough to prevent the price cap from reaching this amount. In October 2021, the energy price cap sat at £1,277 which means households will likely see their bill double within the space of one year. On top of this, the regulator head warned that energy bills are very likely to go even higher than this staggering figure. The Ofgem chief executive added: “We're in the very early stages of this, that number will undoubtedly go up.” Energy bill increases are being compounded by the growing rate of inflation which hit a 40-year high of nine percent last week. As a result of the April increase, there are 6.5 million people in fuel poverty. Are you worried about the energy price cap rising? If you want to share your story, please get in touch via personal.finance@reachplc.com. Unfortunately, we cannot respond to every email. "We do see that number going up significantly," Mr Brearley warned. When pressed further, he said the number could rise to "double digits", adding it could be around 12 million households. Furthermore, the regulator chief warned of the dangers posed by consumers “disconnecting” and being unable to pay for their bills. Mr Brearley added: “We’re already seeing customers self-disconnecting. This is going to be a big and difficult, problem to address. “That’s why we need not only Ofgem to do its job, not only the industries to do its job, not only the NGOs to do its job but we need Government to step in.” Reacting to the news on Twitter, former pensions minister and finance expert Steve Webb said: “This is a huge increase, on top of the one that has already happened. “Government may say that ‘work’ is the best way out of the cost of living crisis, but what if you are elderly or unable to work - people cannot wait until next April for a catch-up increase.” Justina Miltienyte, head of policy at Uswitch.com, comments: “This admission from Ofgem confirms the worst fears of everyone who is currently struggling to pay their energy bill. Although we have long expected the price cap will rise again in October, this is the first time the regulator has estimated how high it could soar. “The final figure is still uncertain as we have a few months left before the announcement, so it could go further up or down, depending on the market volatility. “This revelation by Ofgem will be especially worrying for those on the lowest incomes who are already struggling, and the need for more support could not be more urgent. “Nearly a quarter of consumers are already in debt to their supplier[1], and are facing financial pressures from all sides. Now is the time for the government to act and put together a comprehensive package of help for the most vulnerable before it is too late.”