Piers Morgan, 57, has claimed Vladimir Putin's strategy to stop Ukraine from joining NATO has backfired on him, as Finland and Sweden are expected to join the military alliance. The Uncensored host reacted to the news as he fumed at the Russian president's plans. Upon launching the war in Ukraine, Putin told Russians in a speech that NATO’s eastward expansion represented a threat to Russia and had to be stopped. Both Finland and Sweden have confirmed their intention to join NATO after decades of neutrality amid concerns about Russia’s potential military response. Putin's invasion of Ukraine has prompted both countries to shift their security policies and start a formal application to join NATO. Taking to Twitter, Piers hit out at the Russian president who he claimed was an "idiot". READ MORE: A Place In The Sun's Danni Menzies flashes bottom in tiny bikini In view of his 7.9 million followers, the TalkTV host retweeted a post that announced Finland's plan to join NATO. The article read: "Finland's government says it formally wishes to join NATO, ditching decades of wartime neutrality and ignoring Russian threats of possible retaliation." Piers commented: "Putin invaded Ukraine to stop NATO influence getting bigger… and the result is a bigger & more influential NATO. "Aside from being a genocidal monster, he’s also exposed himself as a strategic idiot."  Finland's government announced on Sunday its plans to join NATO as the Nordic country attempts to strengthen its security following the onset of the war in Ukraine. Sweden's ruling party later said it will also support joining the alliance. The decision was announced at a joint press conference by President Sauli Niinistö and Prime Minister Sanna Marin, who said the move must be ratified by the country's parliament before Finland can formally seek membership of the alliance. "We hope that the parliament will confirm the decision to apply for NATO membership," Marin said in Helsinki. DON'T MISS... Phillip Schofield sparks divide amid Queen's Jubilee - 'Switched off!'[LATEST]Monty Don bedridden for days after Gardeners' World absence[INSTAGRAM]Demi Rose goes topless in new pic as she returns to 'natural' look[PICTURES] "During the coming days. It will be based on a strong mandate, with the President of the Republic. We have been in close contact with governments of NATO member states and NATO itself." "We are close partners to NATO but it is a historic decision that we will join NATO and hopefully we are making the decisions together," she added. The move would bring the US-led military alliance up to Finland's 830-mile border with Russia but may take several months to finalise as all 30 current NATO members must approve new applicants. According to reports, Putin is said to not have an issue with Finland and Sweden, but warned Moscow would react to the expansion of military infrastructure on their territories as both countries move closer to joining NATO. Speaking in Moscow at a summit of the Russian-led Collective Security Treaty Organisation (CSTO), he said Russia must look closely at what he described as the US-led military alliance's plans to increase its global influence. The Russian leader said there was no direct threat from NATO expansion which included those countries, "but the expansion of military infrastructure into this territory would certainly provoke our response". "What that (response) will be - we will see what threats are created for us," said Putin. He added: "Problems are being created for no reason at all. We shall react accordingly." At a news conference, Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said Sweden and Finland should not bother sending delegations to Ankara to persuade Turkey to support their bids amid plans to veto their NATO applications.