Paramount Network drama Yellowstone has become a huge hit across the Pond and is also gaining popularity across the world. Yellowstone follows the exploits of the Dutton clan, who are ranch owners trying to hold onto their land in the face of adversity. Yellowstone stars American actors Kevin Costner, Cole Hauser and Luke Grimes, among others but what about Kelly Reilly and her nationality? Although Reilly plays an American in Yellowstone as Beth Dutton, she is British. Out of the Yellowstone cast, Reilly is one of the few non-American stars to be part of the show – an impressive feat given the quintessentially US nature of the drama. The English actress was born in Chessington, London and grew up in the city. Reilly attended school in Kingston and started off her career in British television, featuring in the likes of Prime Suspect 4: Inner Circle and the Ruth Rendell Mysteries. READ MORE: Yellowstone: Is Kelly Reilly leaving Yellowstone as Beth Dutton? She began building up her acting CV with more roles on television before graduating to films by the early Noughties. Among her movie credits are Maybe Baby, The Libertine, Pride & Prejudice and Mrs Henderson Presents. She is also part of the Guy Ritchie Sherlock Holmes franchise playing Mary Morstan opposite Robert Downey Jr and Jude Law. While she continues to work across film and television, recent prominent roles have seen her return to the small screen in the likes of Britannia, Above Suspicion, Black Box and True Detective. READ MORE: Kevin Costner first wife: Who was star previously married to? She has also featured on stage and got a Laurence Olivier Award nomination in 2009 for her performance in After Miss Julie. Reilly has lived in New York, America for the past eight years but still does acting jobs in the UK but predominantly her work is in the States. She said how she has worked “non-stop” in the US since moving there nearly a decade ago. The star said: “So, it makes sense to me to go up for roles that are based in America. DON'T MISS...Yellowstone: Is Kelly Reilly Kevin Costner's daughter? [ANALYSIS]Kelly Reilly children: Does Kelly Reilly have children? [EXPLAINER]Kelly Reilly husband: Is Yellowstone Beth Dutton star married? [INSIGHT] “But [Yellowstone director] Taylor Sheridan reached out and wanted to talk about the role.” She added to Parade: “I don’t know how I got so lucky to be honest with you, but I did.” Reilly now lives in America and admitted during her 20s she went to L.A. as she tried to carve out a career in the entertainment industry. During her free time, she would head to the west around areas likes Montana, Colorado, Utah, Idaho and Wyoming and go horse riding there. READ MORE: Kevin Costner height: How tall is Yellowstone star Kevin Costner? Yellowstone season three left Reilly’s character Beth in a precarious position with fans fearing for her life amid an assassination attempt. Viewers are trying to figure out whether Beth managed to survive and have been scouring the internet for clues. In the meantime, it looks like Reilly is pursuing other projects alongside her work on Yellowstone. Reilly has also starred in the movies Eight For Silver and Promises, according to IMDb. Yellowstone season 5 is coming to the Paramount Network and previous seasons are available to watch on Amazon Instant Video US