Queen Elizabeth II is generally known for her stoicism, so it is rare that we see Her Majesty actively displeased. Body language expert Judi James spoke to us exclusively about the few moments in royal history where the Queen did not look amused. Judi began: "She allegedly called it her ‘Miss Piggy face’ when she spotted herself on screen at her eldest son’s wedding, suggesting the Queen is utterly aware of those moments in between smiles when her expression falls into something a little less regal." But when has the public seen the monarch a little cross? Discussing the royal's "best bad moods", the body language expert referred to Trooping the Colour, the annual celebration of HRH's birthday, on June 11, 2016. According to Judi, the "famous telling-off" of Prince William as he bent down to talk to son George was "one of the only sightings of the Queen looking very near the end of her tether in public". READ MORE: Kate and William 'more in love’ now than when they first got engaged She explained: "George was leaning over the rail and proving to be a handful and we can see the Queen already having him in her sites at what is an iconic, formal public appearance by the whole of the Firm. "William seemed keen to show of his hands-on parenting skills but the Queen appeared to have other thoughts and it is suggested she told him to get up." Around 34-years-old at the time, it is evident that there is no age too old to be scolded by your grandmother - especially if said grandmother is the Queen. However, this is not a regular occurrence for the monarch, and was probably the "first (and possibly last) time she appeared to make her feelings known very firmly while the cameras were running".  Since then, the Queen has been much more discreet about her bad moods. Donald and Melania Trump visited the UK in 2019, and of course, spent some time in Buckingham Palace with the Queen. Judi stated: "The Queen was wreathed in smiles for Trump’s visit and those smiles looked wind-proof and weather-proof, staying firmly in place despite his awkward handshake and the way he walked in front during the review of the guards, meaning the Queen had to duck and dive behind him to avoid being totally eclipsed. "This facial expression, pulled when her face was not in Trump’s view, showed a moment in between the smiles and her eye expression appears to say it all here." Two decades ago in 1992, the Queen expressed distaste in the most moderated way possible, according to the expert. "The Queen’s skills of stoicism and masking made this speech the one and only time she was heard to have a moan in public and even then it was worded in Latin to ensure most of the public had no idea what she was talking about." Using the phrase "Annus Horribilis" meaning disastrous or unfortunate year, the Queen reflected on the year that Windsor Castle suffered a ferocious fire, and Prince Charles and Princess Diana decided to separate. But why did the Queen not deign to call 1992 a horrible year in English? "The use of Latin showed how alien it is for the Queen to complain and her body language clearly fought against any non-verbal signals of self-pity. "Her back was straight and her confidence and composure were rock-solid here." As for the Queen's "Miss Piggy face", a term she coined herself when she spotted herself on screen at Prince Charles' wedding, Judi believes that this is her "screen-saver face" - a more "natural expression that occurs when we relax out facial muscles and take a breather in between our more social expressions". Judi concluded that the Queen is a "consummate masker, holding authentic-looking smiles and engaged facial expressions long after most of us would have suffered smile exhaustion", and it seems that HRH's visible bad moods can be counted on one hand.