Doctor Emilia Gomez Pardo said: “We are what we eat, but we eat what we buy.” Doctor Pardo says a poor diet in childhood, and other unhealthy lifestyle habits, can be seen when children enter early adulthood in their early 20s, when cardiovascular issues first start to be detected. As a result, Doctor Pardo is encouraging people to empty their fridges and cupboards of “unhealthy foods” and to move towards healthier diets.  Obesity is a growing problem in Britain and the rest of Europe. READ MORE: High cholesterol: Pain in three areas of the body signals high levels Doctor Pardo says “the environment that surrounds us is absolutely obesogenic: everything is made in a way that makes people become overweight”. Part of the problem is often the unhealthiest foods with the highest levels of chemicals and salt are the cheapest. Amid a cost-of-living crisis, families are trying to save money where they can and this means buying cheaper, lower-quality food. The impact of eating poorer quality food doesn’t just have an impact for children when they’re young, it can also impact them greatly in the future.  Doctor Pardo added: “Millennials have double the risk of contracting cancer due to the Western lifestyle and the negative effects of [poor diet] in childhood. “Taking into account alcohol consumption and excess weight, it can be said that one in three tumours is connected with inadequate nutrition.” As a result, there are growing calls for a large scale campaign to help people eat healthier despite the difficult times. Pardo recommends parents lead by example as “lifestyle is inherited”. A belief in the power of a good diet is shared by other scientists as well as Pardo. Molecular Biologist Danielle Lemay, of the Agricultural Research Service, said modifying the diet “has the potential to be a new weapon in the fight against resistance to antimicrobials”. Lemay added: “It’s not about eating an exotic diet, but a diverse diet, adequate in fibre.” Comments from Lemay come amid the results of a new study showing eating just eight to 10 grams of soluble fibre a day can reduce microbial resistance to antibiotics.