Netflix viewers all mourned the apparent loss of Hawkins’ Sheriff Jim Hopper (played by David Harbour) at the end of Stranger Things season three. Thankfully, the fan-favourite was quickly confirmed to have miraculously survived in the first trailer for the new instalment, but some were left disappointed by how he escaped the Starcourt Mall explosion. The second episode of Stranger Things’ fourth season, titled Vecna’s Curse, reveals Hopper’s survival was much simpler than some viewers believed. After defeating the Mind Flayer, Eleven (Millie Bobby Brown) and the gang are forced to flee when the Russian machine allowing access to the Upside Down explodes. Hopper sacrificed himself to protect Joyce Byers (Winona Ryder) and the others but was later revealed as a captive in a Russian prison camp. Speculation as to his survival has run rampant since the release of season three in 2019, with several increasingly complex theories predicting how he may have avoided the explosion. READ MORE: Lucy Pargeter age: How old is Emmerdale's Chas Dingle star? Rather than giving his survival an elaborate or supernatural explanation, Hopper simply jumped down to a lower platform to avoid getting engulfed by the flames. Now the answers have finally been given, many fans have taken to social media to complain about the implausible way he managed to escape a fiery death. On Twitter, @VogueChilee said: “Y’all didn’t even need to show how Hopper survived. That s**t is ridiculous.” And @svgaawara demanded: “Okay but how did Hopper survive an explosion that literally disintegrated those soldiers last season?” “He ran away? But how did he not get obliterated?” Despite only jumping down a few feet, Hopper managed to avoid the explosion entirely whilst several Russian soldiers were turned to dust. Not only was his inevitable return unsatisfying to some, but a number of fans have accused the series of making several leaps in logic to justify bringing him back. Over on Reddit, user chasingwildlife asked: “Sooo we're really just going with Hopper’s survival being a miracle?” DON'T MISS:Ross Kemp hits out as he heralds Jubilee weekend [OPINION]Fear the Walking Dead cast pay tribute after co-star exit [COMMENT]The Boys’ Jensen Ackles explains changes to Soldier Boy [INTERVIEW] To which BANDrunnerout replied: “For real. Honestly a little disappointed it was just ‘he jumped down to the lower ledge’.” Twitter user @Melbossedup wrote: “How the f**k did Hopper survive but all those other people got zapped?” While other fans also had issues with Hopper’s subsequent escape from the Soviet camp. Peter Lewicki said: “I can buy the idea of a bunch of kids fighting extra-dimensional demons but Hopper's escape from the KGB and Soviet camps is a far-fetched and preposterous storyline.” (sic) Stranger Things’ fourth season has received otherwise positive reviews so far after hundreds of fans binged the series over the weekend. As ever, though, the incredibly hyped new outing was by no means perfect, and some viewers are clearly getting frustrated with the show’s outlandish and overblown storylines. The fourth season is set to conclude with two feature-length episodes arriving at the beginning of July. After a lukewarm reception to the resolution of season three’s jaw-dropping cliffhanger, hopefully the final two episodes can win fans over in time for Stranger Things’ fifth and final season to bring the 1980s epic to a satisfying close. Stranger Things season 4, part 1 is available to stream on Netflix. Part 2 will be released on July 1.