Cheryl Baker, of Bucks Fizz, has admitted that the Eurovision Song Contest has "always been political". Speaking to GB News, Ms Baker said that neighbouring countries in Europe "always vote for each other". The former Eurovision winner added: "Unfortunately, we are an island so we don't have any neighbours!"  Despite concerns of another Eurovision stitch-up, the UK's entry into this year's contest is a surprise favourite to win. Along with Ukraine, the UK - represented by TikTok star Sam Ryder - is one of the favourites to take the prize at tonight's showcase in Italy. The surprise turnaround comes after last year's humiliating debacle for the UK, which saw James Newman receive nil-points. Ms Baker said that Mr Ryder "has a chance to be in the top five, at least". JUST IN: Interest rate and energy storm tipped to spark chaos  GB News host Esther McVey said: "Because we have not done well for many years, it's always said it's become more political than musical. "That you see the same countries voting for the same countries every time." Ms Baker responded: "It was always political. It always has been! "Countries that border each other are always going to vote for each other.  "That's life, that's always the way it is. "Unfortunately, we are an island so we don't have any neighbours! "But I think our song is good enough to get a lot more votes. "Sam is very popular because of TikTok. He already has millions and millions of followers." DON'T MISS: Eurovision winner: What science says about predicting a winner [ANALYSIS]Harry and Meghan snubbed again as Jubilee encounters limited [VIDEO]Stephen Dixon condemns EU threat in brutal GB News swipe [INTERVIEW]  Mr Ryder will come into tonight's competition hoping his 12 million followers online could sway the vote. The former construction worker was selected for Eurovision by TAP Management, the company behind Lana Del Rey and Ellie Goulding, which collaborated with the BBC this year. However, he faces strong competition from Ukraine which could win in a show of European solidarity for the war-torn country. The Ukrainian TV commentator for the contest, Timur Miroshnychenko, was forced to broadcast from a bomb shelter during the semi-final this week. 