Dan Walker, 45, has been seen talking about the pseudonym he used to work under when first getting into broadcasting. The star could be seen discussing the subject in an unearthed interview from 2006. He said that the name he went by was Tom Wilson. Speaking to TV Newsroom in a quick-fire questions style chat, Dan was asked his name at the time. The BBC Breakfast presenter said: ““Dan Walker – but I did work under the pseudonym Tom Wilson for a year (not my choice)!” There have been other cases of mistaken identity in Dan’s life, however. READ MORE: David Birney dead: Bridget Loves Bernie star dies aged 83 He explained he had to send a friend to stand in for him in the final of a commentary competition as he was busy playing rugby. The presenter said: “My wife (then girlfriend) entered me in a commentary competition when I was at university. “I won it despite having to send a mate in to pretend to be me for the final because I was playing in a university cup final.” He also spoke  about his worst “on-air moment” at the time, which he said happened in an airship 1500 feet above City of Manchester Stadium. The star admitted that he threw up a “few too many big macs” during the opening ceremony of the 2002 Commonwealth Games. Dan announced earlier this year that he decided to leave the BBC to move to Channel 5. He took to social media to inform viewers that as of this month, he would no longer be beside Sally Nugent on Breakfast. At the time, Dan said: “Hello, Dan Walker here. I have a little bit of news for you. DON'T MISS... Janette Manrara's injury fear addressed after hospital dash[LATEST]Lily James puts on jaw-dropping display in see-through Met Gala gown[PICTURES]Vanessa Hudgens risks wardrobe malfunction at Met Gala 2022[RED CARPET] “In the next few weeks, I'm going to be leaving BBC Breakfast and moving to 5 News and to Channel 5. “I'm really excited but this has also been a massive decision for me because I love BBC Breakfast. “I love working alongside Sally and I love the team there, but Channel 5 came with big ambitions, with big plans, and I don't think opportunities like this come around very often and I can't wait." It followed shortly on from the news that his co-star Louise Minchin also quit the show. Despite having presented Breakfast since 2010, Dan has kept his pseudonym quiet from viewers. Bookiers have tipped John May as the man to replace him, but no official announcement has been made yet. BBC News anchor John, 52, joined the team in 2010 and regularly stands in for Dan. The father-of-three is the frontrunner to replace him after he makes his final appearance on the show on Tuesday.