Raheem Sterling and Gabriel Jesus missed Manchester City’s Premier League title celebrations for ‘family reasons’, according to reports. The City squad partied following an open-top bus parade around Manchester but Sterling and Jesus were notable absentees. Both players featured as Pep Guardiola’s side dramatically came from 2-0 down to win 3-2 against Aston Villa. Sterling came off the bench as City chased a winner while Jesus started the game in attack. Substitute Ilkay Gundogan’s brace and a strike by midfielder Rodri completed the remarkable turnaround - which City needed as title rivals Liverpool beat Wolves and would have jumped to the top of the table. The club’s players enjoyed an open-top bus parade around the city centre before celebrating on a stage in front of a crowd of supporters. Most of the squad were present but Sterling and Jesus were absent from the party. JUST IN: Man City set to make two more signings after Erling Haaland According to the Sun, both were excused for ‘unavoidable’ personal reasons. the forwards have each played a key part in City’s recent title success. Sterling bagged 13 Premier League goals across the campaign while Jesus managed eight strikes. Four of the Brazilian’s goals came in an incredible individual performance against Watford in April. Head coach Guardiola thinks his squad should be considered club legends after their latest triumph. City have won four of the last five Premier League titles. DON'T MISS...Man City's Raheem Sterling has already made Real Madrid feelings clearPep Guardiola joins Liverpool and Man Utd icons with City title winDe Bruyne 'drunk' on Man City bus parade as Grealish trolls Bernardo "I had the feeling since we arrived in the stadium that we needed a goal," the Spaniard said of the win against Villa. "After, when we talk about today's big data - numbers, numbers - where was big data today when you play these 90 minutes with this emotion. "This game is the most difficult to win. This game is the most difficult, 10 months is so difficult. It's like the [match-point] service to win Wimbledon is the most difficult one. We got the first, were fortunate and lucky to win the second one so quick, and after when we saw the time still to play we had momentum and we got it. “All the team did it, as always. Otherwise you cannot achieve what we have done in the last five or six seasons. Four Premier Leagues - these guys are legends already, people have to admit it. This group of players are absolutely eternal in this club because what we achieved is so difficult to do. "Just Sir Alex Ferguson with United has done it years ago two or three times - now again I realise the magnitude of Sir Alex Ferguson and his United doing this - and we are part of that. In one year, we will defend our crown."