She told MPs and peers yesterday that the Government was looking at whether a new law would “make sense” or “be something that could be achieved”. Campaigners accuse homes of using Covid outbreaks to limit visiting. Ms Keegan has insisted this should happen only if the care giver tests positive for the virus. The Daily Express has backed campaigners and MPs who have been calling for a legal right to enable people in care homes, clinics and hospitals to maintain contact with at least one relative providing essential support. This would give people the right to unrestricted contact with a “care supporter” to make sure the isolation experienced during the pandemic is never felt again. A similar law is being prepared by the Scottish government. Care minister Ms Keegan told the Joint Committee on Human Rights existing guidance covering England was “very clear” that settings in homes should not restrict loved ones and legislation would have a “very similar effect”. She said that when she started looking into concerns, she realised it was a widespread problem. But real-time data has suggested 80 per cent of providers are now allowing visitors. The Care Quality Commission (CQC) has said it will take “swift and appropriate regulatory and enforcement actions” to ensure residents receive visitors. SNP MP Joanna Cherry told the committee: “We have heard really distressing evidence and we’ve all got examples from friends or constituents who’ve really suffered greatly during the pandemic. Why not just go ahead and put this on a statutory footing? What’s stopping you?” Ms Keegan said there was an “awful lot of legislation” and reform going on across the sector. She said: “I wouldn’t want the committee to think that we sat here, or I’m sat here, saying, ‘Oh, this is something that we don’t think is a good idea. We’d never do it and we’d never consider it’. “It’s not that, it’s just there’s a lot of things that we’re considering and it is kept under review. “As soon as I do have any further updates I’d be very delighted to give them back to the committee.” Ms Keegan was questioned during the committee’s fifth and final evidence session in its inquiry into the human rights of people in care. Members also heard that just seven out of 2,280 complaints under the Mental Health Act were investigated by the CQC last year. The committee chairwoman, Labour’s Harriet Harman, said people were either complaining “to the wrong place about the wrong thing” – suggesting the system was confusing – or the complaints were justified, but hardly any were being looked into. She has asked for more details about the issue.