Alma's Not Normal scooped up two awards at the recent 2022 BAFTA TV Awards, and the show's season one success has lit a fire in the writer to go harder for season two. Sophie Willan not only wrote but also starred in the show in the lead role of Alma. Taking home the coveted awards for Best Female Performance in a Comedy Programme and Best Scripted Comedy, Sophie is eager to get started on season two. Alma's Not Normal follows Alma (played by Sophie Willan), who, after a recent break-up, tries to get her life back on track. However, having no job, no qualifications, and a defiant streak, this task turned out to be harder than she expected. All while navigating a troubled family. Speaking to Express.co.uk at the BAFTA TV Awards, the star teased that she needs to have "tunnel-vision" and knuckle down on writing season two after how well the show's first outing was received. While on the red carpet ahead of winning her multiple awards, talking about the next cycle, she said: "I've not written it yet. Read More: Sam Heughan: Can Outlander star really speak Gaelic? "I need to find out first, and then we'll see. There will be some more wild behaviour in the second series." As the event ceremony went underway, the actress' wins meant she would have to start writing season two shortly, if not only to keep fans pleased. She added: "Series two - tunnel vision. Just doing as much as possible. "Focussing on that and making sure it's better than the previous series." After the success of season one, the next instalment comes with a high bar that she set. On tackling the expectations for the show's second season, Sophie continued: "It's great because you've had that experience and then also there's the pressure of making sure you do them justice in the second series. "It's a double-edged sword in that way. I'm ready for it." The idea for the colourful and eccentric Alma Nuthall character came to Sophie in 2012, but it took some time to get the "ball rolling" on the project. DON’T MISS…'Bit of a surprise' Vera's Mark Edwards star speaks out on show return [LATEST]Ozark season 4 theory: Jonah actually shot Wendy as fans spot key clue from final scene [LATEST]A Discovery of Witches star hints at series return 'There's plenty more stories'[LATEST]  Previously talking to Express.co.uk, she said: "With no link to TV, it's hard to get the ball rolling, then I went into stand up comedy. "I had the idea for years but then turning it into a script, I did within a year. "The process is long as the system is hard to break." Sophie also praised the "amazing cast" that was "heavily female-led" and the show's crew for the joyful working environment and show's success.   