Eamonn Holmes, 62, has jokingly taken aim at his wife and This Morning star Ruth Langsford, 62, for being a “feeder”. The GB News presenter was speaking to his co-star Isabel Webster this morning, on their self-titled breakfast show, when he made the quip about his broadcaster wife. The pair had been discussing obesity in the UK as Eamonn suggested people should “exercise, exercise, exercise” to avoid gaining weight. He then explained how Ruth was a “feeder” and wanted to “keep other women disinterested” in him. Eamonn quipped: “My wife’s a feeder. She’s a chubby chaser, right? “So, basically, what she does is to keep other women disinterested in me.” Amid laughs, Isabel replied: “That’s a good tactic. You fatten up your fella so no one else wants him.” Eamonn agreed: “Fatten up your fella. That’s what it is.” The former ITV presenter had previously faced backlash from viewers who accused him of “fat-shaming” Ruth. The claims came in February 2021 after he made a joke about Ruth’s weight during a segment on This Morning. Eamonn poked fun at his wife's weight while playing a game of "It's Behind You". The couple was made to guess the celebrity on the screen behind them without turning around, while viewers called in to give Eamonn and his wife a set of clues. When a picture of Kate Middleton came up on the screen, the caller said: "She's very thin." Eamonn then looked at Ruth and asserted: "She's very thin… well it's not you, darling." DON'T MISS...Monty Don sparks frenzy as he announces 'perfect' new family arrival [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton causes stir in hot pink outfit at Miami Grand Prix [PICS]Steph McGovern forced to change BAFTA TV Awards look last minute [BAFTA] Ruth appeared to ignore her husband's remarks as she continued her conversation with the viewer. But stunned fans soon took to Twitter to slam Eamonn over his joke, which they labelled "unnecessary" and "rude”. "That was rather unnecessary to call Ruth fat there Eamonn," wrote jimmyma42227225. Toolsatrefurbsechoed added: "Not particularly great entertainment… fat shaming your wife on TV Eamonn. Rude." Eamonn set the record straight on the accusations, in an interview with The Times earlier this year, clarifying that he made the remarks because the couple are “confident enough” in themselves. He said: "She always says to me, 'If you weren't funny, I'd never be with you.' And we're confident enough in ourselves. "If I ever make a joke about Ruth, it's obvious that my backside is bigger than hers. "But then you get this whole brigade who go, 'Has he just fat-shamed his wife on TV?' It's funny. But apparently, it is not funny anymore.”