The awkward moment came as Good Morning Britain cut to Barnet, which turned red overnight as Labour took several historically Tory strongholds, with Westminster and Wandsworth also changing political direction. As Keir Starmer basked in the triumph of Labour's win and spoke to the crowd of supporters, Gaisford attempted to challenge the Labour leader about the loss of Hull, which voted Liberal Democrat. However, this came as Starmer was making an impassioned speech to the crowd before a sound blunder pushed the "interview" into further chaos. Viewers took to social media to slam the "embarrassing" moment. As the ITV show cut to Barnet, Starmer could be heard yelling: "Let's hear it for Barnet, let's hear it for Labour!" Gaisford tried to approach him as he stated: "Sir Keir, you're live on GMB..." Starmer had his back to the camera though and hadn't heard Good Morning Britain's attempts to get his attention. "Thank you so much," he commented to the crowd as he made his way through. READ MORE: The Handmaid’s Tale season 5 theory: Serena Joy avenges Fred’s death Gaisford eventually got closer and repeated himself before asking: "Have you benefitted from Boris Johnson's problems here?" Starmer's answer wasn't picked up by the camera though as a sound blunder and connection issues hit the channel. As the screen returned to the studio, broadcaster Ben Shephard commented: "The perils of live television. "Just as Richard got in there, unfortunately, we lost the connection." Later, the show went live to Barnet again, where Gaisford had managed to push through the crowd to reach the Labour leader. "Here at Barnet, it's very special because I said I would root out antisemitism, I would change our party," Starmer exclaimed to the gathering people. He continued: "The voters here have now vindicated the work that we've been doing, the hard work that we've put in. "I'm absolutely delighted. I'm particularly thankful to these brilliant candidates, this brilliant team that have been out, putting our message across that Britain deserves better than this Prime Minister." Gaisford managed to remark: "In north London, you've done well, but not the north of England." DON'T MISS... Ben Shephard skewers Dowden over ‘new ideas’ after major Tory loss [VIDEO]Jane Moore details daughter's 'heart stopping' choking scare [LATEST]Vera's DI Aidan Healy star gives exciting update on new episodes [REACTION] "Well, Cumberland! I'm about to go..." Starmer began as the crowd cheered. "Cumberland is three key constituencies for the next General Election, that's a fantastic win for us." "But what about Hull?" Gaisford replied, but Starmer dismissed the question, continuing to list off the party's successes before walking away. "We've done absolutely fantastic..." Starmer continued as the Good Morning Britain reporter repeated: "But what about Hull?" "In Southampton as well we've just won," Stamer continued. "So coast to coast north to south... and people were telling me 'you'll never take Wandsworth.' "Every year it's put up there, we've just taken Wandsworth, we've just taken Westminster and we've taken Barnet, thank you very much." He walked away into the crowd and ITV viewers were quick to comment on the car crash interview. Twitter user @iISeeNoSignals wrote: "@Keir_Starmer He didn’t look at all confident did he? (Clearly briefed on “don’t discuss Hull)." Marcio Delgado penned: "Priceless #LocalElections22 coverage: Keir Starmer ignoring the #GMB reporter, then when he finally gets to ask something to the Labour leader, @ITV‘s signal crashes." @tighabhinn added: "SUSPICIOUS KATE GARRAWAY accuses someone of 'pulling the plug' on their reporter in Barnet, because of their fear that he might ask Kier Starmer an awkward question.....at their Labour celebration rally #GMB @GMB." "Gaisford trying to p*** on keir starmer's bonfire there #gmb," @domain_harry shared. @yogica12 posted: "GMB have given Kier Starmer loads of airtime then he snubs Richard Gaisford. Embarrassing #GMB." @DebbieTutin remarked: "Obviously not listening to the reporter, disgraceful." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.