The UK’s weather forecast for the week ahead is more varying for different regions than it has been so far this spring. England’s southeast is expected to experience temperatures in the mid-to-high 20s. Warm air rolling in from the Continent means areas including East Anglia will likely record higher-than-average levels for the season. Low pressure coming in from the west means, however, other parts of the country will remain fairly wet. These will drag with them weather fronts with rain in the early part of this week. Areas including west Wales and Scotland, as well as southwest England, could even experience “thundery downpours”, according to the BBC. Its latest Weather for the Week Ahead report highlighted a “complete contrast” between these regions and the east. Maps from NetWeather show that today, on May 17, temperatures could reach as high as 26 degrees around the London area. Even the southeast of Scotland will maintain higher temperatures than will be seen in the west. Reports suggest the temperature in Aberdeen could peak at around 17 degrees. READ MORE: Putin’s prowess in battle torn apart as he's branded 'fanboy' This comes after Jim Dale from the British Weather Services highlighted the likelihood of a “mini heatwave” starting over the weekend just gone. He told Express.co.uk this would last for five to six days. Temperatures, he added, could even peak at 28 degrees in some parts of the country. DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] As the week goes on, however, temperatures are expected to start to dip. By Thursday, May 19, areas that saw mid-20 temperatures will begin crawling down to the low-20s. Other parts of the country will remain in the mid-to-high-teens, though this will be below previous highs. At this time, temperatures in Scotland are set to dip to around seven degrees, according to NetWeather. There will be some showers showing mainly in the north but also in parts of the south. There are currently no weather warnings from the Met Office for the week ahead.