Sergio Perez may be struggling to handle his Red Bull car set-up, which is more tailored to Max Verstappen, according to former driver Alex Albon. He claimed the car ‘cannot feel great as a teammate’ if the car is set-up how Verstappen likes it. The Dutchman preferred a more aggressive set-up with the vehicle ‘on the limit’ at all times. However, he warns this may not suit his team-mates as it is ‘hard for others to follow’ when they join the team. Speaking on F1’s Beyond The Grid Podcast, Albon said: “If he's always doing well, there's no reason for the team to ever deviate to something else. I think part of that was, when you look at the data, there's nothing that goes, 'Wow, this and this and this is incredible'. "Of course, he's on the limit, and he likes a car that's very much on the nose, and I think that's a pretty well-known thing. It cannot feel great as a teammate. I think even Checo found that out, last year and even this year. Most probably, [the] new car and new regs rebalanced everything a little bit more. "I think Checo's doing a great job kind of up against him, but he's obviously super talented and likes the car in a certain way, and it's hard for others to follow." READ MORE: Max Verstappen given boost ahead of Miami GP as Red Bull solve issues Perez has previously admitted he also struggles with Verstappen’s set-up and has tried to find his own balance within the team. Last year, he claimed he was working with Red Bull behind the scenes to ensure the car was tailored more to his specification. He said: “Yes, there are some differences. For example, I like having a more stable rear end compared to Max, especially in medium-speed and high-speed corners. That gives me a bit more feeling in the car and I like that better. “It is also an aspect we are working hard on behind the scenes at the moment.” DON'T MISSRed Bull chief Christian Horner outlines 'competitive' Ferrari fear  [COMMENT]Max Verstappen fired warning from Red Bull team-mate Sergio Perez [INSIGHT]Gasly wants Red Bull return as AlphaTauri star makes Verstappen vow [ANALYSIS] Perez has been a lot closer to Verstappen this season which may mean the Mexican is finally happier with his package. The Red Bull star secured pole at the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix, arguably one of the calendar’s toughest circuits. The Mexican was also able to secure second in Imola, Red Bull’s first one-two finish for six years.