For months, the Government's enemies had hoped that the probe would lead to the humiliating exit of the Prime Minister amid criminals convictions and public disgrace. Yet those eager yearnings were dashed yesterday. The police's inquires drew to an anticlimactic conclusion without the imposition of any further fines for Boris Johnson beyond the penalty he had earlier received for briefly attending his own birthday celebration in Downing Street. Johnson is the big winner. His capacity for survival is remarkable. His Tory rival David Cameron once called him "the greased piglet" because of his ability to wriggle out of the most precarious situations, and once again he has lived up to his nickname. His detractors now speculate that he could still be brought down by the imminent publication of the full report by senior civil servant Sue Gray into lockdown breaches at No 10. So far, because of the police investigation, only a shortened version has been made public and there are claims that the uncensored document could inflict terminal damage on the PM.  But that is more wishful thinking by his foes. Now that the police are refusing to take any further action, it is highly unlikely that, whatever Sue Gray says, many Tory MPs will be sending in letters of no confidence. The big losers are both the police and the Labour opposition.The Met has run up a £460,000 bill while 12 detectives took five months to scrutinise Downing Street. At a time of deep concerns about violent crime, this smacks of a spectacular waste of time and resources, a failing compounded by inconsistencies in the award of fines and the public notification of penalties.  Nor does Sir Keir Starmer come out well. Given that he is under investigation by Durham Police for a potential breach of lockdown rules, his continued fulminations against Johnson now sound hypocritical and out of proportion. But that is not to deny that the Prime Minister has been badly tarnished by the scandal, which exposed a culture of chaos and disdain for the public in No 10. Johnson has been weakened and distracted at a time when he needs all his political strength to cope with the future of Northern Ireland, the war in Ukraine and, above all, the gathering economic storm. As inflation soars, he has yet to show a firm grip amid Cabinet divisions on everything from a windfall tax to an emergency budget.Those are the issues on which he should be judged, not birthday cakes in his office. As Bill Clinton said in the 1992 campaign that won him the presidency, "It's the economy, stupid." 