An unexpected death on Paramount Network’s hit drama 1883 left viewers in a teary state when the first season came to an end. It was recently revealed, this was also the case for lead actor Tim McGraw as he detailed his own emotional reaction.  1883 is the prequel spin-off series of the highly acclaimed Yellowstone, which explored John Dutton’s (played by Kevin Costner) ancestry. It followed the lives of his great-grandparents and their children as they took a treacherous journey which saw them eventually settle on the highly sought after Montana ranch. While the family had yet to secure the land, fans were transported back 130 years from the current events in Yellowstone, as the family left Texas for a better life. However, while on their journey, an unexpected battle claimed the life of their daughter Elsa Dutton (Isabel May), which left the cast and viewers in tears, READ MORE: Gogglebox fans call for Giles and Mary to be cut from show Speaking of the tragic scene, Tim McGraw who starred as Elsa’s father, James Dutton opened up about what went on behind the scenes. He told Entertainment Weekly: “We shot it maybe three or four times, the very first time, Isabel and I both were just a blubbering mess. “The scene that we ended up using and I think it was the next to the last take we took, she's laying on my lap and we're getting ready to shoot and she just looks up at me and says, 'What's the thing you love most about your daughters?' “And then they said, 'action,' and it just tore me apart,” he recalled.  Elsa met her death after being shot with a poisoned arrow, which went straight through her liver. This took place after the Lakota warriors ambushed the immigrants’ caravans thinking it was them who wrecked their homes and killed their family members. Instead, the true perpetrators had moved on quickly and were even killed by James, Thomas (LaMonica Garrett), and Shea Brennan (Sam Elliot). The Lakota warriors presumed they were responsible as they had been driving from the direction of the crime scene.  DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Double Dingle death as two iconic characters leave [THEORY]1883’s Faith Hill fights tears recalling ‘tough’ Yellowstone death [INSIGHT] 1883’s Tim McGraw on finding filming with wife Faith Hill ‘tough’ [INSIGHT] Elsewhere in the interview, Tim's on and off-screen wife Faith Hill who played Margaret Dutton also revealed how Elsa’s death affected her. As the two share three daughter’s together, Faith admitted: “There's a few places within the series that I seriously can't even speak about because I had to go to such places to get what was needed. Speaking on Elsa’s last words, she added: “That was tough, what she said. ‘See you in the valley.’ ... I can't imagine not being with my child in their final moments of life.” By the end of the episode, Elsa met her death and with her father by her side she was able to choose her burial place before taking her last breath.  After saying goodbye to her mother and friends, Elsa and James rode until she longer had the strength. They stopped under some trees and she informed her father: ”This is the spot.” As James cradled her, the two shed tears while sharing their precious memories and taking her final breath, Elsa said: “I know what it is. I’m not scared. I’m not scared, daddy.” Despite the emotional season finale, fans will soon get to see the continuation of the Dutton family’s journey to securing the ranch when the show returns for season two. 1883 is available on Paramount Plus in the US. A UK release date has yet to be announced. 