The Prime Minister's party had taken a knock in the opinion polls since it was revealed rule-breaking gatherings were held in Whitehall when the country was forced to adhere to Covid-curbing measures. However, opinion polls in Scotland appear to show the result has been even more damaging north of the border as the Tories fall further behind the SNP and have been leapfrogged by Labour. Scots Tories leader Douglas Ross took a stand against Mr Johnson and even submitted a letter of no confidence to the 1922 Committee. Conservative colleagues in Holyrood also rallied behind the part-time football referee in calling for the Prime Minister to quit. However, after calling Mr Johnson's position "untenable", Mr Ross back-peddled amid concerns over Russia's invasion of Ukraine. According to a Savanta ComRes survey, 72 percent of Scots believe Mr Johnson should resign. Mr Ross' predecessor, Ruth Davidson, has echoed such a view after she said the Prime Minister had made a "mockery" of people after flouting restrictions. JUST IN: Poultry industry blasts Boris and blame Brexit pressures for 'crazy' chicken prices Ms Davidson, who campaigned against Mr Johnson for the Remain campaign in the 2016 referendum, said: "I think Douglas has been put in a terrible position. "[It’s] probably the hardest position that any Scottish leader ever has been in, and as somebody who was the leader for eight years, I know what it’s like to have been dumped in it by colleagues down south." The news also comes just days after a Deltapoll survey conducted on behalf of Scottish Labour found that 40 percent of voters say they are more likely to support Scotland severing ties with the rest of the UK because Mr Johnson is the current resident inside Number 10. Scottish Labour leader Anas Sarwar, who failed to reclaim the unionist crown from the Conservative Party in the 2021 Holyrood election, responded to the findings by bashing Mr Johnson. The ex-Shadow International Development Minister said: “This blows the Tories’ claim to be the party of the Union out of the water. READ MORE: 'Won't shy away from further steps' Brandon Lewis issues EU threat over hated Brexit deal “Far from being the great defenders of the United Kingdom, Boris Johnson’s Tories are a gift to the failing SNP and a recruiting agent for those that seek to divide us. “The United Kingdom deserves better than Boris Johnson’s disastrous and incompetent leadership.” Polling guru Sir John Curtice even warned Mr Johnson could be putting at risk the Conservative position as "the undisputed principle voice of unionism north of the border". However, Mr Ross has said his party will not fall behind Labour and pointed to his success in the poll-defying 2021 Scottish Parliamentary Elections. According to the UK's largest poll aggregator Britain Elects, Labour look poised to replace the Tories as the largest Unionist party in Scotland. The central forecast projects the Conservatives to suffer 83 net losses in Scotland. DON'T MISS:Local elections: Boris facing wipeout in 'very exceptional' seat [POLITICS]Plaid Cymru says Welsh independence back on agenda in local elections [LATEST]Express letters: We just want best people for the job [HAVE YOUR SAY]