Manchester United could be about to suffer a double blow in the transfer market, with Paulo Dybala poised to join Borussia Dortmund this summer. United are on the lookout for attacking reinforcements in the off-season to ensure that Erik ten Hag’s spell in charge gets off to the best start possible.    The Dutchman will be handed a £100million budget to overhaul a playing squad which has failed to win a trophy in five straight seasons. While there are problems that need addressing right across the pitch, strikers are a particular priority for Ten Hag. Edinson Cavani will leave United when his deal expires on July 1 and there are doubts over the futures of Marcus Rashford and Anthony Martial. Cristiano Ronaldo has another year on his contract but the state of flux at Old Trafford means even his involvement isn’t a given. Dybala is out of contract with Juventus this summer and has been the subject of intense speculation in recent weeks. The Argentine forward has been linked with Inter Milan, United, Tottenham, Arsenal and Newcastle, but Dortmund are reportedly at the front of the queue for his signature. That is according to Corriere dello Sport, who report that Dybala has been offered a contract worth £3.84m (€4.5m) per year and the promise of a central role in the side. Dortmund are willing to make Dybala their main man up front due to the pending departure of Erling Haaland. Dybala, who has 15 goals and six assists in 36 games for Juve this season, is yet to make up his mind on his future. JUST IN: Tevez’s reason for quitting Man Utd for Man City as Pogba repeat on  Haaland has long been scheduled to leave Dortmund this summer thanks to the £63m (€75m) release clause in his contract. The Daily Mail reported in March that Manchester City had won the race for the 21-year-old goal machine and will make him the Premier League’s highest earner on £500,000 per week. City tried to sign Harry Kane from Tottenham last summer after losing Sergio Aguero, but ended up not recruiting a striker after being rebuffed by Spurs chairman Daniel Levy. Pep Guardiola’s side have often played without a recognised centre-forward this season but are ready to splash the cash to bring in Haaland. DON'T MISS Erik ten Hag's stance on Paul Pogba as Man City eye Man Utd star Man Utd insiders explain why Rangnick was denied new striker in Jan Arsenal and Man Utd learn Ruben Neves transfer 'preference'  The Norwegian striker has scored 28 goals in 28 appearances for Dortmund this season and has a staggering 85 strikes and 23 assists in 87 matches altogether for the German side. His arrival at City is bad news for United, who are already way off the standard being set by their rivals. Dybala is far from the only striker United have been linked with, however. According to The Sun, Ten Hag is keen to bring Sebastien Haller with him from Ajax when he joins this summer, while Inter Milan’s Lautaro Martinez, RB Leipzig’s Christopher Nkunku and Napoli’s Victor Osimhen have all been linked recently. 