Manchester United could see four players return against Crystal Palace this Sunday, although Paul Pogba is unlikely to make it back in time to bid farewell to the fans. Incoming boss Erik ten Hag is set to watch on from the stands at Selhurst Park, which should give those selected an extra incentive to crank their performances up a notch. Palace will host a crucial game in Ralf Rangnick's career, and the last in his interim tenure with the Red Devils. A win would make sure of their spot in the Europa League next season, while a draw or defeat would leave the door ajar for West Ham to swoop in. Pogba is unlikely to make it back from a calf injury in time to feature. That would mean his final outing for the club will go down as a brief cameo in the 4-0 hammering against Liverpool last month - the kind of result that rationalises his decision not to stick around at Old Trafford. The Frenchman has missed a hefty chunk of the season through injury and it looks as though his second stint at United will end with a whimper. Juventus and Paris Saint-Germain are reportedly vying for his signature as his free exit looms. JUST IN: Patrick Vieira KICKS Everton fan after Palace boss goaded in chaotic full-time scenes In more positive news for Rangnick and co, both Jadon Sancho and Marcus Rashford are set to be involved after recovering from illnesses. The former had tonsilitis and the latter bronchitis, but both have been spotted back in training this week. That will give the interim boss plenty of attacking options to choose from. Rashford's form has been a source of major frustration for United fans this campaign, but Sancho has come on strong after a slow start and will look for an opportunity to build on his haul of six Premier League goal involvements so far. DON'T MISS: Arsenal 'ask Dybala's agent about his demands' as Jesus alternative (TRANSFERS)Arsenal icon David Seaman joins Gary Neville to slam Granit Xhaka (INSIGHT)Arsenal star Gabriel Martinelli shirt number change linked to transfer (NEWS) Another star who could rejoin the action is Luke Shaw. An operation stemming from his horrific broken leg injury, originally suffered back in 2015, has seen him sidelined since early April but he is supposedly deemed read to play again. United are better defensively with him in the side, but Rangnick may opt to stick with the more attacking Alex Telles rather than throw the Englishman straight back in at the deep end. Eric Bailly's prospective comeback is currently up in the air after battling a back problem. Whether that makes a difference to United's starting XI is another matter altogether, given that the Ivorian has only featured in four Premier League matches all season. Those selected may dig that extra bit deeper to give Rangnick a positive send-off before he takes charge of the Austrian national team and transitions into a consultancy role with United. Indeed, the trip to Palace represents his last opportunity to gather information and insight that the United hierarchy hope will be passed on to Ten Hag. The Dutchman will take his seat at Selhurst Park less than a week after winning the league title with Ajax. Having just taken the biggest job of his career, he is seemingly keen to get straight down to business when his tenure officially begins on Monday.