Manchester United have launched an enquiry over Reims star Hugo Hugo Ekitike, according to reports. The 19-year-old has been in fine form this season, scoring nine goals in 22 appearances. But Arsenal and Newcastle are also keen, while the teenager has attracted interest from Bayern Munich as well. Manchester United will need to sign a new striker this summer amid uncertainty over the futures of Cristiano Ronaldo, Edinson Cavani, Mason Greenwood and Anthony Martial. And ESPN now say the Red Devils have enquired about Ekitike. The teenager nearly moved to Newcastle back in January only to end up staying put, with the Toon proceeding to land Chris Wood from Burnley instead. Ralf Rangnick wants United to land two modern strikers for Erik ten Hag, who will have the final say over any potential move. And Ekitike would fit the bill for what the Red Devils want, with Rangnick also urging the club to sign rising stars instead of established names. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Regarding a price, it will take a fee in the region of £12.8million to bring the youngster to Old Trafford. But United aren’t the only team lurking as the summer transfer window nears. Arsenal want to land a new striker this year having failed to replace Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, who joined Barcelona in January. They’re also looking set to lose Eddie Nketiah and Alexandre Lacazette, too, with the duo’s contracts due to expire in the summer. And Mikel Arteta is now eyeing Ekitike as a result. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Newcastle, as stated above, had hoped to land the Reims star when the transfer window was open in the New Year. And they’re still keen now, with Eddie Howe set to be given big backing as the Toon look to climb up the Premier League table next time out. Bayern Munich can’t be ruled out, either. The Bundesliga giants are unsure over whether Robert Lewandowski will stay with the club, with Barcelona keen on the Poland international. And Bayern may now move for Ekitike as a result, though may duck out of any potential bidding war. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Regarding Ten Hag, the new United boss swill be presented with a ‘list of targets’ the club have been working on. And he’ll have the power of veto over what is proposed to him, while also being allowed to recommend his own targets. Ten Hag is said to be ‘combining’ his present role as Ajax boss with his new job at United. However, he has asked for some space as he looks to steer the Dutch giants to another Eredivisie title. Speaking after United beat Brentford on Monday, meanwhile, Rangnick called on the club to sign more strikers to ease the burden on Ronaldo. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Cristiano is not a central striker or does not want to play in that position,” said Rangnick. “It's obvious that the club needs, I would say, at least, two new strikers who just give this team more quality and more options. I wouldn't even call it wingers. “Two strikers and modern strikers, that do not necessarily have to be wingers. “If you look into international football, there are not that many top teams who still play with two strikers. “Most of the international top teams play with either three strikers or with a false nine.”