Gogglebox cast members Jenny Newby and Lee Riley have become firm favourites on the Channel 4 show. The latter has since confirmed his best pal was forced to miss the British Academy Television Awards (BAFTA TV) last night as Jenny was taken to hospital. Jenny and Lee have a legion of fans after appearing on Gogglebox for many years from their caravan in Hull. But she was noticeably missing from Friday's episode of the popular show which sparked concern among viewers. Lee then added to fans' concerns after he appeared on the red carpet at Sunday night's BAFTA award solo. He took the opportunity to give an update on Jenny where he explained she is not very well. READ MORE: Piers Morgan left 'sad' over Dennis Waterman amid candid chat The Channel 4 favourite shared his co-star is due to undergo an operation. Lee told Express.co.uk: "She is not very well, she is having an operation, a mini one, but she is recovering well though. "She was invited but the appointment was in BAFTA week. You can't turn down an NHS operation can you? But she is doing well." There was some good news for the duo as the popular programme scooped an award. Gogglebox took home the prize for Best Reality and Constructed Factual Show at the award ceremony held at The Royal Albert Hall. Lee took to the stage where he accepted the award and delivered a speech calling out the government for its plans to sell Channel 4. During Friday's episode of Gogglebox, fans took to the micro-blogging site where they shared their disappointment of not seeing their favourite pair on-screen. Twitter user @onthewayhome asked: "Why tf are jenny and lee not on Gogglebox tonight."(sic) DON'T MISS... Dennis Waterman spent last years ‘doing f*** all’ in Spain[LATEST]Dennis Waterman found ‘total love’ with fourth wife Pam[ADMISSION]Dennis Waterman's New Tricks co-star unable to speak on actor's death[TRIBUTES] Nat_KitKat said: "Where are Jenny and Lee?" Susan Seddon said: "Tonight's #Gogglebox not the same without Lee and Jenny." User @softlymill agreed and said: "This show isn’t the same without jenny and lee! where are they tonight?!#gogglebox." Lee was absent from the show after he recently returned from a getaway to Cyprus with his boyfriend Steve Mail. Meanwhile, Jenny and Ryan, who live in Hull, have kept fans entertained since 2014. The best friends often share cheeky on-screen banter and off-the-cuff quips. They lifted the nation's spirits in lockdown when it emerged they'd moved in together to self-isolate so the show could go on. Gogglebox continues Friday on Channel 4 at 9pm.