Not only would success at Wembley on Saturday deliver Liverpool with a first FA Cup triumph since 2006, but it would also see Jurgen Klopp remove a monkey from his back. For too long the German has been criticised for failing to show football's oldest cup competition the respect it deserves and for prioritising other targets, however, on Saturday, he can right those perceived wrongs by fulfilling Roy Keane's request on delivering the club's fans with "what they want".  Ahead of the Reds' fourth round tie with Cardiff back in January, the former Manchester United captain challenged Klopp to exploit having a stronger squad at his disposal and amend his previous approach of prioritising other competitions, in order to satisfy the FA Cup cravings of Liverpool fans by delivering them with their greatest desire. Keane said: "He’s been at the club a few years now and obviously the fans are delighted he got them over the line with the league title and Champions League, but they want a trip to Wembley. "They’ve got one with the League Cup and they’ll want more of that. The squad is a lot stronger than what it was a few years ago where he obviously made changes for cup matches. JUST IN: Newcastle on alert as Liverpool-linked star's agent admits Howe asset  "His priority coming here was to win that league title. The fans have waited so long, the squad wasn’t strong enough and there were some tough times." While Klopp has ensured Liverpool's faithful will experience another day out at Wembley, there's pressure on the German to banish his FA Cup demons and deliver the club's fans with a second piece of silverware this season. The Reds boss has been constantly questioned over his respect for the prestigious cup as, prior to this campaign, Klopp had failed to take Liverpool beyond the fifth round. However, there's a different feel about the 54-year-old these days. DON'T MISS  Having ended Liverpool's 30-year wait for an English top-flight league title back in 2020, 12 months after guiding the club to a sixth European crown, the German's perspective appears to have been somewhat altered. The FA Cup remains the one main honour which has evaded him so far, but Saturday will provide the perfect opportunity to complete the set and achieve redemption. As Keane pointed out, Klopp has a far greater depth to his current squad, which has been proven in the club's trophy charge on all four fronts. There will be an added pressure on the Liverpool boss to break his FA Cup hoodoo on Saturday given such a wealth of riches at his disposal. And should he do so, not only will he be silencing the doubters, but according to Keane, he will be giving his people the object of their desires.  