During Monday's Tipping Point, ITV host Ben Shephard welcomed three new contestants onto the show. Players Kris, Shaina and Rob had to compete against each other as they went head to head with the Tipping Point machine. The contestant with the most money in their cash fund would then go on to the final in the hopes of winning the £10,000 jackpot. During the first round, all three contestants didn't get off to the best of starts as the counters failed to drop in the Tipping Point machine. However, after originally passing his turn to his opponents, Kris managed to storm into the lead bagging himself £1,600 in his cash fund. However, poor Shaina was left behind with just £50 in her bank, while Rob had nothing. After answering a question correctly, hopeful Shaina tried her luck with drop zone two. READ MORE: Lorraine staggered by Andrew's 'fat cow' comment to ex Sarah Although, things didn't go to plan and she failed to knock any counters down at all. Ben went on to tell off the contestant for "wasting" a counter. "Shaina, Shaina, Shaina," Ben said in disbelief as the counter dropped into the machine. "Oh, please don't," Shaina replied before adding: "Oh gosh, I could have done with it being on the right." The contestant let out a sigh as she waited for a counter to fall, although, much to her disappointment, nothing happened. "So sad, Shaina, that was a real waste," the host told her. "Your timing was a bit poor. Just one left to play now." The second round didn't get much better for Rob and he was sent home after only winning £450. However, Shaina's luck turned around after she managed to win £900, meaning she and Kris were left to battle it out in the final. DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow expert blown away by 'most expensive glasses' [VIDEO]Lorraine Kelly hits out at ‘really distasteful’ imitation [NEWS]Death in Paradise star 'cried' after getting rejected from role [INSIGHT] It was a tense third round for the players as they tried to knock as many counters down as possible. However, poor Shaina struggled to answer some of Ben's questions, and she ended up being sent home. Kris then sailed through to the final with £2,100 in his bank, in the hopes of winning the £10,000 jackpot. However, after struggling to answer a number of questions correctly, luck wasn't on his side as he failed to knock many counters down. Although, after the question round had finished, Ben asked Kris whether he wanted to risk the money he'd won for a chance to win the jackpot. Despite the £10,000 jackpot counter being near the edge of the Tipping Point machine, Kris decided not to risk it. He told Ben he believed he could knock the £10,000 coin over the edge with just two counters. Much to his shock, when Ben played out what would have happened, if Kris had risked it, he would have won the jackpot. Tipping Point airs weekdays at 4pm on ITV.