Arsenal’s disappointing slip away from the top four places has been put down to five reasons following their 2-0 defeat to Newcastle. Former Aston Villa striker Gabby Agbonlahor believes that while the Gunners have overachieved this season, there are clear explanations why Mikel Arteta’s side are very unlikely to be playing Champions League football next season. Agbonlahor, who was capped three times by England, outlined that Arsenal have no world-class players compared to Spurs, an inexperienced squad, a striker that isn’t Arsenal quality in Eddie Nketiah, while Alexandre Lacazette has struggled for goals and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang departed from the club mid-season. The former Villa striker told talkSPORT: “I’ve seen a lot of pundits and a lot of people trying to hammer Arsenal and say it is a disappointing season, but I watched a game between Arsenal and Spurs where Arsenal were on top until the penalty was given, and then the sending off. I thought Arsenal started the game very well, for the first five minutes but lost that game with ten men. “Went to Newcastle and Newcastle looked the better team, Arsenal did not turn up they didn’t play like it was a game to get into the Champions League, bigger than a cup final. “They didn’t turn up but I look at that Arsenal team and they have overachieved this season, I look at Spurs, two world-class players in Son and Kane. Walk into most teams in Europe. Arsenal, no world-class players. They have got very good players in the likes of Saka, Martinelli, Smith-Rowe, Odegaard, youngsters, you can’t rely on them for the whole season. “They are playing with a striker Nketiah who for me is a decent player but isn’t Arsenal level, not going to be the striker that gets you into the top four. Lacazette hasn’t scored many goals this season, looks like he is ageing a bit, looks like he isn’t going to be the answer for Arsenal, Aubameyang left so I feel like Arsenal have still overachieved this season with the squad of players they have got. “All the Spurs fans that are piping up and laughing, I think that next season Arsenal know where they need to strengthen, and if they can strengthen they will be better next season.” Arsenal’s 2-0 defeat away to Newcastle ensured that north London rivals Spurs sit in pole position in the race for fourth. An own goal from Ben White and Bruno Guimaraes’ strike saw them claim all three points in a disappointing defeat for Arteta’s young side. Agbonlahor was not the only one disappointed with the manner of Arsenal’s defeat to Newcastle, as midfielder Granit Xhaka slammed his teammates in a furious post-match interview with Sky Sports. He said:"If someone isn't ready for this game, stay at home. It doesn't matter your age. If you're nervous, stay on the bench or stay at home. You need people to have the balls to come here and play.” Tottenham moved into fourth place on Sunday with a 1-0 win over Burnley, where Harry Kane’s penalty sealed all three points for Antonio Conte’s side.