The start of June will kick off this year with a four-day celebration to commemorate Queen Elizabeth II’s 70 years serving the United Kingdom. With plenty of events lined up across the nation to celebrate the Platinum Jubilee, actress and presenter Joanna Lumley has insisted the return of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle and other royal drama won’t overshadow the occasion. Joanna insisted the latest royal updates shouldn’t distract from the Jubilee celebrations this weekend. Hundreds of events will be taking place across the UK from June 2-5, with nearly 10 million expected to take part. The weekend will also include the Queen’s official birthday celebrations, Trooping the Colour, taking place on Thursday. However, there are some concerns the attendance of Harry, Meghan and Prince Andrew could distract from the four-day occasion. READ MORE: Lucy Pargeter age: How old is Emmerdale's Chas Dingle star? In her latest interview, Joanna insisted the holiday should be solely focused on the Queen, despite the presence of other royals. “Because of all the pageantry, it’s easy to make it seem as though the Jubilee is to do with all the Royal Family,” she said. “It’s not. This is the Queen’s Jubilee, and it’s important we remember this is for her.” The Duke of York won’t be attending certain events following his stepping down from royal duties in 2019. It was previously reported Andrew would be escorting the Queen to the Epsom Derby on Saturday, though he is now no longer planning to attend. Meanwhile, Harry and Meghan will also be visiting from the United States after he and Meghan exited as senior royals in 2020. The Jubilee weekend will mark the first time the Queen will meet her great-granddaughter Lilibet. However, Joanna insisted to the RadioTimes: “That's nothing to do with this.” DON'T MISS:Ross Kemp hits out as he heralds Jubilee weekend [OPINION]Fear the Walking Dead cast pay tribute after co-star exit [COMMENT]The Boys’ Jensen Ackles explains changes to Soldier Boy [INSIGHT] “This is a celebration of the Queen, who has served us faithfully for 70 years. Anything else doesn’t matter.” Harry and Meghan have released a joint statement saying they were “excited and honoured” to join in with the celebrations. The Sussexes have not confirmed which events they will be attending, as they reportedly will not be appearing on the Buckingham Palace balcony for the Trooping the Colour ceremony. Furthermore, it’s still unknown how many of the events the Queen is planning to attend following her health issues over the past year. On her legacy, Joanna added: “The Queen has managed things so well, leaving everything beautifully set behind. “It’s her way of saying a lot will change, and this is what it might look like, but don’t be afraid.” According to the i, Harry, Meghan and Andrew are most likely to attend the Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral, which will take place on Friday.