Amanda, 65, starred as Sam Ryan in the hit BBC series Silent Witness from 1996 to 2004, where she headed up the forensics team.  As the crime drama returns on Monday, Amanda will be back alongside her successor, Dr Nikki Alexander (played by Emilia Fox) after reprising her role. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk and other media, the actress admitted she was "completely blown away" when she was asked to make a temporary comeback.  When asked if she expected to return or if she had ever contemplated coming back, Amanda candidly answered: "No." "No, quite frankly," she laughed. "I had the pleasure of Emilia and I doing a photoshoot together about four years ago, and we were sort of laughing about it then. "But it was sort of, 'Yeah, right. You know, that's never going to happen.' "And then I got a call and I was just completely blown away by it. I'm very excited about the opportunity. So amazing." READ MORE: Ozark season 4 theory: Jonah actually shot Wendy as fans spot key clue Talking about her initial reaction to the offer, Amanda admitted she had her doubts. "I was a wee bit worried that it might have been one of those things where you know, some sort of, on your last legs kind of detective walking across a beach or wearing an old tweed coat being hauled out of some sort of dementia, or whatever," the actress stated. "I don't know. But the fact that she was very much active and had been working and had been a big influence in medicine still really intrigued me. And that really made me want to come back." However, fans will notice Sam's integrity will come under question in the first episode. "Yes, is she really telling the truth?" Amanda probed as she discussed her character's confusing intentions. "Who is she working for? And I think that's also that's very intriguing, because she's always been so much on the right side, and has always had such integrity for the truth and all the rest of it. "And now, we're sort of seeing that she could be a bit of a double-edged sword." Sam's return comes as the longest-running crime drama currently airing anywhere globally celebrates its 25th series. DON'T MISS... The Repair Shop's Jay Blades unveils 'rule' of series 'Not allowed' [EXCLUSIVE]Emmerdale theory: Leyla's life on the line over Suzy secret [THEORY]Eurovision fans threaten final 'boycott' over Ireland and San Marino [VIDEO] The episode will see a Covid-era-inspired issue relating to health passports and the regulation of the nation's health data. Romance will also be on the cards after the previous series left a question mark over Nikki and Jack Hodgson's (David Caves) relationship. The explosive opening to the new series will see the team having to work together as Sam's looming presence causes tension. Fans will be excited to see Sam back after her last episode saw the forensic pathologist leaving for Northern Ireland to be with her family. Fortunately, Amanda admitted stepping back into her role after such a long time was "easy". "Yeah, I mean, it's been a long time," she commented. "But equally, just finding her wasn't too difficult because she made such a huge impact on my life and as a character. "I loved her as a character very much, warts and all, and so it was funny, it was slightly kind of spiritual as well, coming back into me and saying goodbye again." She added: "It was really, really rather lovely actually." Silent Witness returns to BBC One on Monday at 9pm.