Cleaning star Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, became popular after sharing her cleaning and tidying tips on social media and TV. The cleaning influencer has managed to gain more than 4.4 million followers on Instagram. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips. One of the groups, which has 630,000 members, receives hundreds of tips each day. On one such group, Facebook user Taylor Alexandraa White asked Mrs Hinch fans: “Help please! “My washing machine has mould around the rubber rim and I just can’t get it off! “Tried bleach and deep clean washing machine box but nothing. “Any help please, it’s building up very quickly.” READ MORE: Cleaning: How to remove yellow pillow stains - ‘easiest way’ Taylor’s post was inundated with comments from Mrs Hinch fans but the most popular response was to use Astonish Mould and Mildew spray. Jess Houghton said: “Have you tried Astonish Mould and Mildew spray? I swear by it!” Jess added: “I’m not a follower of instructions really so take my recommendation with a pinch of salt, but I've used it on mine and it seems to be OK? “I use a Minky for the seal and drum and in the drawer I use the Pink Stuff electric scrubbing brush.”  DON'T MISSHow to get rid of slugs in your home [INSIGHT]How to properly organise your wardrobe to ‘maximise the space’ [UPDATE]How to clean duvet and pillows without washing machine ‘Kills germs’ [ANALYSIS] Shelley Walkden commented: “Astonish Mould and Mildew spray and dishwasher tablet on a hot wash.” Joanna Edwards-Jones suggested: “Astonish Mould and Mildew spray 100 percent.” Astonish Mould & Mildew Blaster can be bought from B&M and Wilko for £1. Astonish Mould & Mildew Blaster Spray is also available from ASDA for 99p. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using Kilrock Mould and Mildew spray, Pink Stuff paste and bleach among other things. Lyn Watson said: “Try Kilrock mould and mildew spray. “It's got mould out of a couple of things for me where other mould and mildew sprays haven't worked. I swear by it.” Kirstie Greaves commented: “Get some cotton wool pads. “Soak in bleach and put over the mouldy areas. Leave overnight. Voila! Gone!”  Lorraine Oakley wrote: “I used Pink Stuff paste for mine.” Liz Hunter suggested: “After you use the bleach, make sure you dry it out after every wash and it won’t happen again. “I have made that mistake in the past.” Tracy Dixon said: “Use baking soda, make a paste.” Gemma Evans replied: “Mould magic gel.”