Last week, inflation reached a 40-year of nine percent with many experts believing it could reach even higher. In response, the Bank of England has increased the base rate to mitigate the impact of inflation on consumers and savers. However, many banks and building societies have been criticised for not passing down this rate rises to their savings accounts. Despite this, Nationwide has been one of the few to increase the interest rates on its savings and ISA products. The building society launched new issues of two popular savings accounts earlier his month: the One Year Triple Access Online ISA and the One Year Triple Access Online Saver. Both are paying an increased competitive rate of one percent for 12 months, according to Nationwide. As well as this, Nationwide launched new issues of its one-year fixed rate ISAs, bonds and online bonds plus three and five-year Online Bonds, as part of its recent wave of rate increases. READ MORE: Couple in shock as they realise they've spent £2,000 on just one trip to museum The One Year Fixed Rate ISA is now paying 1.10 percent AER, while the One Year Fixed Rate Bond/Online Bond pays the same rate per annum. The Three Year Fixed Rate Online Bond is now paying two percent AER, while the Five Year Fixed Rate Online Bond gives customers a rate of 2.10 percent AER. Tom Riley, the director of Banking and Savings at the building society, shared why Nationwide has decided to hike its rates at this moment in time. Mr Riley said: “ISAs remain an important product for many savers, as interest earned on a cash ISA doesn’t count towards your Personal Savings Allowance.  “Our new Triple Access Online ISA will offer a market-leading rate from a brand savers know and trust. “For those who want to save outside of an ISA, we are also increasing the rate on our Triple Access Online Saver. “We like to give savers a choice of fixed rates, which is why we are also launching a new range of one, three and five-year fixed rate products.” Despite this recent rate hike, Michelle Stevens, a savings expert at finance comparison site, finder.com, warned that the rise in inflation means “it’s not looking positive” for those hoping to save. Ms Stevens explained: “With the inflation rate hitting its highest level in 40 years at nine percent, it’s not looking positive for savers. “Interest rates on all types of savings accounts have been low across the board for several years. “Although recent increases in the Bank of England base rate have resulted in interest rates on some savings accounts improving this year, these small rises have not bridged the huge gap to the UK’s soaring rate of inflation.” However, the financial expert encouraged savers to see if there are any good deals going, such as with Nationwide, which could boost their finances in the long run. She added: “Although no savings accounts rates currently beat inflation, and are unlikely to do so in the short term, consumers should still shop around for the best of what the savings market does have on offer. “This is likely to be in the form of limited-time promotional offers on interest rates, ‘regular savings accounts’ where you commit to putting money away each month, or fixed-term saving accounts’ where money is locked away for a set period of time and withdrawals are not permitted. “With a variety of different savings options available depending on how easily they need access to their funds, savers should assess whether the account terms suit their needs before committing to signing up.”