The unnamed traveller is said to have been under the influence of drink or drugs. Two off-duty policemen were luckily on the plane, but had to overpower the man to stop him ripping open the door. They brought him under control until the plane landed - but it didn’t end there. The “violent” tourist then resisted arrest by Spanish officers, injuring three of them before he was taken off in handcuffs. The Spanish Association of Civil Guards (AEGC) said they had gone to hospital after the incident, adding they believed officers should be armed with tasers to deal with problem passengers like the ‘violent’ tourist they dealt with on Thursday. The airline the Brit was travelling with has not been identified. Police sources told island newspaper La Voz de Lanzarote the traveller had been “aggressive” throughout the flight, at one point trying to open the emergency door. The two off-duty officers were travelling to Lanzarote for their holiday, reports the paper. They are believed to have been British, but this has not been confirmed. While the injuries suffered by officers were not serious, it led to them having to take time off work to recover. The Brit was due to appear in court late on Friday, but court officials could not yet be reached to comment on the case. AEGC spokesman Jose Cobo said: “A very aggressive person, in that altered state of mind, is very dangerous because he doesn’t feel the blows, however many times you hit him with a baton, but the officers of course feel them.” The organisation added in a statement: “The British tourist assaulted three police officers at Lanzarote Airport when they tried to remove him from a plane. “They all had to go to hospital and are now off work. “Our association feels officers should be given tasers to deal with situations like the one that occurred on Thursday when the violent attitude of a passenger requires a police presence. “If one of them had been armed with a taser, none of them would probably have ended up injured and we would now be talking about a successful operation.” READ MORE: Martin Lewis: explains why Britons should pay in local currency abroad [REVEAL] Earlier this month a flight from Manchester to Amsterdam’s Schiphol Airport descended into chaos when a group of Brits began brawling on a KLM plane. The fighting broke out as the plane landed but passengers claimed tensions had been brewing the entire journey after one group made racist comments towards the other. Dutch police confirmed afterwards six British nationals had been arrested for unlawful and disruptive behaviour. A spokesperson for KLM said of the May 5 incident: “We had some unruly passengers on our KLM 1070 flight from Manchester to Amsterdam. “The captain and cabin crew put an end to a brawl between two groups of passengers. “All involved were arrested upon arrival at Schiphol Airport. No delay occurred.”