Kate Middleton, 40, has a selection of handbags that she loves to carry, including her Mulberry Amberley small crossbody bag in white. The Duchess of Cambridge has carried this bag to most of her recent royal engagements. However, have you noticed which hand she always carries her bag with?  The Duchess is often out on public engagements and is almost always seen carrying her bag in her left hand. If fans haven't noticed it before, they will always see it now when they glance at the Duchess. Whether it be a classic clutch or dainty purse, Kate is usually seen carrying a bag in her left hand at royal events, despite being right-handed. She is not the only royal who does this either.  READ MORE: Kate left 'in stitches' when mistaken for Prince William's assistant Back when Meghan Markle was a senior working member of the Royal Family, she too would be spotted carrying her purse in her left hand. This was despite also being right-handed. According to etiquette expert Myka Meier, there is a simple explanation behind it, and it's all to do with greetings. Attending the many functions that she does as a royal, Kate holds her bag in her left hand so that she can keep her right hand free to greet and shake hands with guests.  Sharing the reason in 2019, Myka said: "Royal Etiquette Hack: When entering a room or event, handbags or briefcases are held in the LEFT hand so that your right hand stays open to meet, greet and shake hands! Prince Charles does this too!" She revealed this on her Instagram account alongside a photo of the late Princess Diana setting the example. Unfortunately, the royals were unable to shake hands with those they have met during the coronavirus pandemic, with Prince Charles choosing to greet people with a Namaste instead. Kate also made a wild fashion sacrifice with her handbag to impress the Queen at a past royal event, according to onlookers.  The sweet gesture dates back to 2019 when Her Majesty attended the Chelsea Flower Show to inspect the Duchess of Cambridge's latest creative project. This was a woodland oasis inspired by her childhood growing up in Reading. Kate had teamed up with landscape architects Andrée Davies and Adam White to design the Back to Nature Garden. It was an idyllic leafy pathway complete with a traditional treehouse and a rope swing. The Duchess was understandably eager to show off her accomplishment to the Queen.  Kate appeared somewhat nervous ahead of the Queen's arrival, so much so, that she even made some last-minute adjustments to the garden. Onlookers said the mum-of-three did a hasty sweep of the exhibition before Her Majesty showed up. She tidied loose twigs and leaves and shoved them into her designer handbag to make everything look flawless. The Duchess then ditched the foilage-filled purse to greet the Queen, before giving her a personalized tour of the green oasis. 