Sam Ryder was announced as the next singer-songwriter to take on the challenge of representing the United Kingdom in the iconic Eurovision Song Contest in March 2022. Having gone viral on TikTok thanks to his array of covers, Ryder has managed to win himself a whopping 12.1 million followers on the app. So it doesn't come as too much of a surprise that fans are eager to know more about the rising talented musician. Sam Ryder is in a long-term relationship with his girlfriend Lois but the couple have remained private about their ongoing romance. It isn't clear how long they have been together or how they have met but they have been romantically involved since at least 2017. Ryder and Lois are not yet married and it isn't believed that they have any children. The 32-year-old singer did go into business with his other half though five years ago. READ MORE: Colin Murray to replace Anne Robinson on Countdown in temporary role Ryder regularly posts videos of himself singing covers on all of his social media accounts. However, he hadn't been online for a while back in 2017 as he revealed that he and Lois had opened a cafe together. The post reads: "It's all been a little quiet from me in Internet land because my love Lois and I opened our very own cafe! "Sooo between making salads (and watering my beloved plants) there hasn't been much time for updates but every day we're finding our groove a little more." (sic) Ryder often shares videos of performances at home, covering the likes of Adele, Sia, The Weeknd and Rihanna. While he has only recently shot to global fame thanks to the Eurovision Song Contest, he has been in the music industry for quite some time. Ryder has been going on tour alongside bands such as Blessed By A Broken Heart and The Morning After since 2009. But with Eurovision almost here, it's now time for Ryder to step into the spotlight. DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan’s new show battered by GB News in ratings [REACTION]Ukraine's Eurovision entry 'thanks' audience for 'support' after act [EXPLAINER]BBC forced to apologise for Latvia's x-rated lyrics: 'Apologies'  [CAST] Ryder will be performing his song Space Man when he takes to the stage on Saturday, May 14. The tune imagines what it would be like to be an astronaut blasting into outer space and what the world would look like from such a great height. Space Man has a positive vibe that exudes a positive outlook on life, despite some setbacks. Ryder co-wrote the song with Grammy-winning songwriter Amy Wadge who worked on Ed Sheeran's Thinking Out Loud album. According to Eurovision World, UK's Ryder has good odds to win the show this year. He is placed just behind Italy who won in 2021 with Zitti E Buoni by rock band Maneskin. But at the top of the bookies' odds is Ukraine with Kalush Orchestra representing the currently war-torn country. The Eurovision Song Contest finale starts at 8pm on Saturday, May 14, on BBC One.