Arsenal have been dealt a blow in their bid to sign Renato Sanches from Lille after reports claimed the Portuguese star had agreed terms with AC Milan.  The Gunners have suffered from midfield injury problems throughout the season, with star man Thomas Partey currently out on the sidelines until the end of the season. Their squad depth will need to be boosted if they are to exceed in the league and European competition next season, given the backlog of games they will have to contend with. And Arteta has realised his needs by reportedly holding an interest in Sanches - although Calciomercato believe that a £22million deal has been agreed with the French club and the Italian giants. The 24-year-old has seriously impressed since his exit from Bayern Munich, with his time in Bavaria including a loan spell at Swansea. Despite Arsenal's interest in his services, Milan is an interesting proposition and he wants to reconcile with former Lille team-mate Mike Maignan. Arteta confirmed he wished to spend money to improve his squad in the summer.  "We want to make the squad stronger," Arteta said. "We want to make the starting XI stronger, we want to make the specificity and the personality of our players stronger, and that's what we are going to be seeking to do." "It will depend on many factors - how many players are back from their loans, with the commitments we still have with them; our financial position in relation to where we finish; the clubs' demands when we want to buy players or sell players. There are a lot of question marks there, but this is football." Arteta was also asked if he could bring in two signings like Liverpool did with Virgil van Dijk and Alisson, which saw them become regular challengers for the Premier League title. However, Arteta remained blase about their chances of repeating such a feat. "I don't think we are in a position where we can do that, so we have to find other ways to do it," he told Sky Sports.  "Liverpool, as well, have improved their players immensely, which is as important as bringing players in. And then, the ones that you buy, [it's important] that they can have an impact straight away. "That's a big decision they have to make in recruitment, and then they are human beings as well. They have to adapt, and sometimes that's a tricky question to answer before they are actually here." 