Ronnie O'Sullivan has ignited a row among snooker fans with a surreal referee altercation during his World Championship final against Judd Trump. The 'Rocket' is vying to join Stephen Hendry at the top of the all-time list with seven titles, but had something of a skirmish with referee Olivier Marteel on Sunday. With O'Sullivan 2-1 up, he was keen to ensure that the official was aware of the position of the white ball due to being snookered. He thought he could catch the edge but missed, and TV replays were needed to replace it. After replacing the ball, Marteel claimed he could see a glimmer of the red, adding: "You can flick it on the left-hand side." O'Sullivan then drew laughter from the Crucible when he responded: "No, I can't. You try?" before gesturing to hand over the cue.  While many of those in attendance clearly enjoyed the drama of the altercation, some fans deemed it disrespectful to Marteel and expressed sympathy. On Twitter, @bowden_vic said: "Typical Ronnie attitude... is the ref supposed to keep a micrometer in his pocket?" Some also called for better use of technology in such instances - snooker is a game of fractions and millimetres after all. The general consensus was that the ball was placed marginally out from where it originally lay. But once the dust settled, O'Sullivan regained his composure to hit the red and go on to win the frame.  It was not the first instance of unpredictable O'Sullivan drama in this year's final, and it is unlikely to be the last. Earlier in the match, the 'Rocket' took issue with a security guard in the crowd who he believed to be moving around too much in his eyeline. Baffled Eurosport commentator Dave Hendon said: "He is right in his eyeline. I mean, he potted the pink, but he still wants the person... in fact, it is the security guard he is talking about! It is not actually a spectator. He is in a mean mood here isn't he!"  O'Sullivan beat John Higgins 17-11 on Saturday to book his spot in the final against one-time world champion Trump. The defeated semi-finalist went on to brand O'Sullivan the greatest snooker player of all time, adding that he could put that title beyond doubt if he went on to beat Trump and earn a seventh crown on Sunday and Monday. The 46-year-old saved some of his best snooker for this year's Crucible campaign, and Hendry admitted that he senses danger regarding his position at the top of the all-time charts. "I have kind of resigned myself these last two years that it is a matter of time," he told BBC Radio Four, "I have to be honest and say that I don’t want him to [beat Trump]." 