The British journalist explained that the upcoming Platinum Jubilee celebrations would be a wonderful unifying occasion for citizens of the UK. In recent times some anti-monarchy groups have been calling for the removal of the Royal Family as they believe the concept is outdated and does not benefit the people. Mr Pierce suggested ex-Prime Minister Tony Blair would attempt to be elected in the Queen's place should the monarchy be scrapped after her death. Mr Pierce told Jeremy Vine: "Two words would sum up why I wouldn't abolish the Monarchy – President Blair. "Can you imagine because he would go for it, of course, he would. "And he'd bring his charming wife into the role as well, she would be the First Lady Cherie Blair, I couldn't bear it! "But also the economy of it doesn't stack up Jemma because it's cheap as chips last year the sovereign grant was £86m. JUST IN: 'Struggling to care' Prince Harry's rumoured Jubilee absence has fans 'losing patience'     "It includes money for the upkeep and improvements to Buckingham Palace, which the Queen doesn't own. Mr Pierce added: "The state owns it, so it works out to about £1.60 a head and they're... Look they make us feel good. "The Jubilee will be a wonderful unifying occasion and a great celebration. "The Monarchy is a symbol for unity, the Queen when we've been in great crisis... Think of the Covid crisis she was word perfect when she spoke. "Even talking about we'll meet again, and I think Charles has leant at the feet of the great Monarch, William will learn too. "But I suspect after the Queen, I suspect Charles might do something the Queen never did, and abdicate. So that you would have a younger heir."  READ MORE: UK hot weather: 26C heatwave in DAYS as experts forecast 'proper summer' for 2022     Mr Vine said: "Yeah because that thing of them all becoming King in their 60s and 70s..." Mr Pierce added: "That's because she declared when she was 21 in that famous speech in South Africa, for all of my life no matter how long or short that is..." Some Brits believe that the Monarchy is outdated and should be done away with, a new poll from YouGov shows that 1 in 4 people in the UK want this. The poll was conducted by YouGov for the anti-Monarchy group called Republic Graham Smith, a spokesperson for Republic, said the figures were encouraging: "When looked at alongside other polls in recent years, it appears support for the monarchy is on a slow puncture." DON’T MISS: Boris Johnson crumbles to EU as he ABANDONS Brexit masterplanRussia sees £4m next-generation tank disintegrated days after battleground debut - VIDEOPutin reeling as top Russian propagandist 'arrested' for 'high treason' by Spanish police "Just ten years ago monarchists were consistently boasting that three-quarters of the population supported the royals, now support stands at just 60%." "The Queen is the monarchy, the monarchy is the Queen and it's the Queen who continues to sustain support for the monarchy." "That's a huge problem for the royals because at some point in the next few years she will no longer be there to keep the show going." "As we approach the jubilee it's time the country started to have a serious debate about the monarchy, what it's for, what it represents and what democratic alternatives are on offer." "I am confident that sooner than most people might expect, a majority of people in this country will want the monarchy gone."   