The confusion occurred after mum-of-two, Louise Turner, spent £1,000 on a guesthouse that she claims was listed for the Isle of Wight. However, upon arrival, she and her family were dismayed to realise their booking was for a property 130 miles away in Newport in South Wales. This meant Louise, and her husband Jose Pacheco, were forced to pay £1,000 for somewhere to stay, and are now fighting for a refund. According to Louise, the mistake was made because the Welsh city was listed incorrectly online - under the Isle of Wight section. Booking.com said it was sorry to hear of the family's disappointment, but it "would urge all customers to thoroughly check all details before confirming any reservation". Louise, who lives in Norwich, Norfolk with Jose and their two children, said: "Despite the accommodation mix up and our horrible new hotel, we still had a nice holiday. I just wish this hadn't happened to us, it's not fair. It was this big rigmarole and now we are £1,000 down for the new accommodation. That's money we don't have and Booking.com aren't giving us our money back. "They're not even replying to me now. It's so unfair." Louise, who does not work due to a disability, booked a cottage for the first week of their trip in summer 2021, reports the Mirror. She said she had also secured a guesthouse for their second week in Newport - finding both by searching the area on Booking.com.  Leaving their first cottage in the morning of July 31, the family couldn't book into the guesthouse until 4pm that afternoon - so enjoyed a day walking around the island. Climbing into their car after a fun day of exploring, Louise entered the postcode from her booking confirmation - and was shocked when it directed her to Wales. Louise said: "I totally freaked out. We called Booking.com who admitted they'd made an error in their listing by putting it in the wrong Newport area but they wouldn't help us find somewhere new to stay. "It was late in the day, it was the middle of high season, we were just scrambling for somewhere to stay. But we were on a tight budget and Booking.com kept saying they'd refund us but not doing it. "We ended up borrowing money from my dad to stay in this horrible hotel which charged us £1,000 to stay for six nights. It was disgustingly dirty. There were cobwebs behind the couch, there was rusty cutlery in the drawer, and it smelled so bad that we had to eat out for every meal because we couldn't eat in there. But we were just desperate for somewhere to stay." Louise has since been in talks with Booking.com, which she claims has since changed the guesthouse listing to accurately appear in the Newport, Wales section.  She added: "We only borrowed the money from my dad because we thought we were getting a refund from Booking.com but they've never done anything. They changed the listing on the website really quickly but they have never given us our money back, it's so wrong. "Booking.com are the ones that made the mistake, but they tried to pawn it off on the guesthouse. We phoned them anyway and they said what I expected them to say - that Booking.com need to refund us. "We have never received a refund from either Booking.com or the guesthouse. Both of them just started becoming more and more rude and then just stopped all contact. It was this big rigmarole and now we are £1,000 down for the accommodation and more for the meals we had to eat out because the room smelt so bad that we did manage to find. "Despite the accommodation mix up and our horrible new hotel, we still had a nice holiday, I just wish this hadn't happened to us, it's not fair. A spokesperson for Booking.com said: "At Booking.com our overarching aim is always to facilitate a smooth and enjoyable travel experience for our customers.  "We have looked into the reservation in question and have checked that all address details in the original listing were correct, including all of the information sent in the customer's confirmation email, which confirmed the property details and location via a map. "Though we were sorry to hear of the customer's disappointment, we would urge all customers to thoroughly check all details before confirming any reservation." Facebook users had mixed opinions on the matter. Nicholas Limpkin wrote: "Pack the car back up, jump back on the ferry and go to where have booked and holiday there. She would had confirmation emails with all the details, she would have had postcodes for directions on said email. "This is a stupid mistake and not worthy of a refund, the holiday home would of lost money and a potential booking because of her carelessness." Yasmina added: "If that was me and I’d booked the wrong place and knew I couldn’t get a refund, I’d drive 130 miles to the place I booked! Better then losing out." Amy Elizabeth wrote: "I know I always triple check everything I book as can't afford any mistakes." 