Smoke can be seen billowing from the scene at the Heights, a well-known landmark on Hill Road, Haslemere, Surrey. A video posted by Katie Melia shows the former school in tatters following the blaze. Three fire engines and over a dozen fire crews and law enforcement agencies are reportedly responding to the fire. The location used to be the site of Haslemere Prep School. Twitter user @HaslemereNorman, present at the scene, said: "Hard to tell how bad it is. "The smoke was so acrid I had to get back indoors pretty quickly. Thank goodness it's a still day. "Two fire engines were dealing with the fire but just heard a third arriving." Another witness added: "Dreadful. Was a lovely building. The cause of the fire is currently under investigation. No injuries has been reported at this time, and the incident is currently being attended to. The environment is currently filled with thick clouds of smokes and everyone is being urged to avoid the area at this time.  Videos posted online also show fire engines arriving at the scene, pushing through crowds of onlookers. Surrey Fire and Rescue Service have been contacted for comment. The Heights have been the subject of controversy within the local community as developers have sent repeated proposals to work on the site. Applicant Twist Heights Limited five times attempted to push through plans to develop The Heights since 2008. They have been rejected every time by Waverley Council. However, in July last year, following an appeal against the council's decision, they succeeded. and the building was condemned to be destroyed.  Many locals were outraged at the decision - a situation which was made worse by the appeal inspector's remark that they "still had the drawings" of the building. This referred to the planning drawings by the The Heights' architect, Herbert Hutchinson, made in 1899. The inspector said: “The proposals would only demolish the building, not the drawings, which would be retained.” Reasons for the appeal’s approval – which have been subject to much discussion – include the building’s “limited heritage significance” and the quality of the architect's drawings. It is unclear if there is any relation between the plans to demolish the building and the fire which broke out today.