In the 1860s, Britain produced over half the world's iron and steel while only having two percent of the world's population. Today, Britain seems to be lagging behind, faced with a huge cost-of-living crisis, looming economic turmoil, and unparalleled regional disparities.  Brits are well known for their modesty and sometimes this lack of confidence can let us down. There seems to be an element of Brits not liking to see others succeed. I understand that when people work really hard and have very little, there is resentment towards people who slip through the net. This doesn’t get us anywhere though. I started life in London's famous Brick Lane, in the East End, and through self-belief, hard work, and determination I have achieved things I could have only ever dreamt of back then. Throughout it all, I celebrated others’ success and had the confidence in myself to replicate it. As a nation, we have lost a lot of our confidence. As a result of this, we are taking less risks and our growth has stagnated. This loss of self-belief stems from the perception that the socio-economic status we are born with is a burden that we must carry throughout life. Almost half of Britain believes that our success - or lack of it - is primarily dictated by our backgrounds and parents. While Americans are renowned for celebrating their success, Brits modesty can sometimes be our downfall. British people are less self-assured across six key personality traits than Americans, three in five Americans believe that people tend to like them when they first meet them. At the same time, only one in three Britons say that they feel confident about themselves. This challenge may stem from the fact that 60 percent of Britain considers itself to be working class, and they see no route out of this socio-economic status. While the world sees the prosperity of London and presumes the rest of Britain shares this, here in the UK, we know all too well that, outside of the capital, opportunities can be restricted. The Government is attempting to bring the rest of the country closer to London by implementing the Levelling Up and Regeneration Bill, which will try to give a financial boost to other regions. In 2021, almost £1.7 billion was directed toward 105 towns, cities, and regions in Britain. In addition to this, the government has introduced a £3 billion National Skills Fund, which is designed to boost employment prospects for those around the country. The Start-Up Loans scheme has also seen £600 million of funds being given to entrepreneurs outside of London. These are significant steps in the right direction; however, government intervention will not be fully effective unless we restore a sense of national confidence. Entrepreneurs around Britain need to believe that they can achieve their dreams and rise through the class system. If we do not rebuild our self-belief, then our lack of confidence will continue to set us back. The future is bright for an independent Britain if we make these changes. We can look to Singapore for a perfect example of how to instigate this national confidence. Singapore is a small city-state with a population of just five million. It has few natural resources. It only gained independence in 1965. Yet through relentlessly celebrating success via a meritocratic system, Singapore has elevated entrepreneurs and built its GDP to be one of the highest in the world. In addition, it has implemented a 'workfare' policy, which supplements Singaporeans' salaries and encourages them to continue training for higher positions. Singapore once had nothing, but its citizens had faith in themselves. Singapore's ingrained sense of confidence is also seen in Japan, which emerged from nuclear devastation to become a global tech pioneer; similarly, Dubai was once nothing more than a desert. It has now grown into a worldwide business hub. The onus is on us, the British public, to start believing again - not only in our individual potential but in our national potential. Britain is full of opportunities but we all need to believe in ourselves to seize them.