WARNING: The following article contains spoilers from Stranger Things season four. After a three year wait, Stranger Things finally returned to Netflix for the first seven episodes in season four. Max (played by Sadie Sink) played a much bigger role in the new series as she grieved for her brother Billy Hargrove (Dacre Montgomery) after he was killed by the Mind Flayer in season three. In the fourth outing, Max teams up with Nancy (Natalia Dyer), Dustin (Gaten Matarazzo), Lucas (Caleb McLaughlin), Robin (Maya Hawke) and Steve (Joe Keery) to investigate the latest mysterious goings-on in Hawkins. The group end up at killer Victor Kreel’s (Robert Englund) house which they believe holds answers about Vecna’s origins. Sharing a snap of the group of friends sitting outside the Kreel family home, Sadie penned a short but sweet tribute to her co-stars. In the shot, the group of six could be seen sitting in the large blue boarded-up house in costume for their characters. READ MORE: BBC star in bias row after false claim over death of cleaner Sadie captioned the image: “Stranger Things 4 is here! Congrats to the entire ST team ENJOY!!” alongside a heart emoji. The actor wasn’t the only one to reflect on the filming process and share the love for the cast. Maya Hawke posted a snap of herself as Robin alongside her co-stars as they prepared for one of the final episodes. In the photo, Steve could be seen with dirt and blood on him while a red mark around his neck was clearly visible. Maya captioned the image: “I love these people,” but her photo seemed to spark concern with viewers. “What happened to Steve,” asked R3dballon while Kingang_crgo posted: “Steve what happened?” Ahead of the release of season four, Sadie opened up on what it was like to return after such a long break. She explained: “We started filming Season Four in January or February of 2020. And then, obviously, we had to take a break. “When we came back, it was like a different world with the masks and all the safety protocols that we had on set. DON'T MISS...Stranger Things: Who is Vecna and how is he linked to Victor Creel? [EXPLAINER]Stranger Things season 4 part 1 ending explained: Does Steve die? [INSIGHT]Stranger Things season 4 episode 8 release date: When is it back? [LATEST] “But coming back to work after quarantine made me appreciate being around people and being able to do what I love. It was really motivating. It was so good to be with everyone after not seeing them for so long. “We were all really excited to be together and to be able to get back to work.” Teasing what’s in store for her character, Sadie shared: “Max is in a much darker place at the beginning of Season Four. “At the end of Season Three, we see her joking around with Lucas, and we think maybe she’s fine after the death of Billy and everything that she’s been through. “By season four, we slowly realise she’s isolated herself from her friends. She’s just drowning in grief and the tremendous guilt she feels over the loss of her brother.” Sadie added she was “grateful” the Duffer Brothers “trusted” her with Max’s storyline in season four, which saw her possessed by Vecna. The actress explained it was “emotionally exhausting, it’s physically exhausting as well” playing Max in the latest instalments. Stranger Things seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Netflix now.