Mr Lavrov on Friday attended a flower-laying ceremony in commemoration of former Soviet Union Foreign Ministry officials who died during World War Two. It is the first time the Russian Foreign Minister has broken cover in nearly a week since claiming that Adolf Hitler had Jewish origins. The controversial comments sparked fury from Israel, as well as widespread condemnation from Western leaders. Mr Lavrov made the remarks last Sunday when asked why Russia said it needed to "denazify" Ukraine when Volodymyr Zelensky is Jewish. Russia's Foreign Minister told Italy's Rete 4 channel: "When they say 'What sort of nazification is this if we are Jews', well I think that Hitler also had Jewish origins, so it means nothing. "For a long time now we've been hearing the wise Jewish people say that the biggest anti-Semites are the Jews themselves." Israel lambasted the Russian Foreign Minister earlier this week, describing his claim that Hitler had Jewish roots as an "unforgivable" falsehood that debased the horrors of the Holocaust. The Israeli Foreign Ministry summoned the Russian Ambassador and demanded an apology. Israeli Prime Minister Naftali Bennett said: "Such lies are intended to accuse the Jews themselves of the most horrific crimes in history that were committed against them. "The use of the Holocaust of the Jewish people for political purposes must stop immediately." Mr Lavrov's comments also sparked criticism from Mr Zelensky, who accused Russia of having forgotten the lessons of World War Two. Speaking on Monday, the Ukrainian President noted that Moscow had been silent in the wake of the Russian Foreign Minister's remarks. Mr Zelensky said: "This means that the Russian leadership has forgotten all the lessons of World War Two. "Or perhaps they have never learned those lessons." Dani Dayan, chairman of Yad Vashem, Israel's memorial to the six million Jews killed in the Holocaust, said the Russian Foreign Minister's comments were "an insult and a severe blow to the victims of the real Nazism".  Mr Bennett on Thursday said that the Russian leader had apologised for Mr Lavrov's comments. The Israeli Prime Minister said he had accepted Putin's apology and thanked him for "clarifying his regard for the Jewish people and the memory of the Holocaust". The Kremlin on Friday declined to say whether Putin had apologised to Mr Bennett over Mr Lavrov's comments. Israel has sought to keep good ties with Kyiv and Moscow amid Russia's brutal invasion and has acted as an intermediary.