Police now have to box up the bronze likeness of Winston Churchill - routinely hailed as the greatest ever Briton - when some demonstrations pass the plinth in Parliament Square. In recent years we have seen people impose their views on the rest of us by pulling down or defacing other statues of those they have decided must be "cancelled". If statues of Churchill - and of Nelson Mandela, which has also been vandalised - are attacked, you can guarantee a Margaret Thatcher tribute would be targeted. Her very name is incendiary in some quarters, still provoking an almost deranged anger. So pictures of the deputy director of an arts centre throwing an egg at the statue are not remotely surprising. In some ways the only surprising element to this story is that South Kesteven District Council allowed it to be erected - others have been far less accommodating to attempts to celebrate Baroness Thatcher, running scared of the mob. So potent remains the level of hatred for her in some quarters it's easy to forget it is 43 years since she was elected - and 32 since she departed No 10. Her legacy, however, is very much alive, both in the way we still think about politics and in the very fabric of the country. When she took over in 1979, Britain was in a mess. Many thought the country was close to ungovernable, and our future held only further decline. That included many of the grandees in her own party, for whom the role of a Tory government was to manage that decline. They were entirely unsympathetic to the grocer's daughter from Grantham, whose home truths they sneeringly dismissed as parochial ignorance. With sclerotic industry and management in thrall to dominant unions, few took her seriously when Mrs Thatcher promised to restore sanity. And there was uproar when she started to take action to put Britain back on a firm economic footing. Some of her own Cabinet spoke about removing her, lacking the stomach for the fight she and her allies knew was needed. She never used the phrase, but "no pain, no gain" was her mantra. And it was certainly painful, with unemployment soaring and inflation rampant. Not only did she introduce legislation to restore balance in industrial relations, she deliberately set out to bring the more powerful unions, such as Arthur Scargill's NUM to heel. It worked. Defeating the union barons created the conditions in which the more positive elements of Thatcherism could work, with its focus on business and entrepreneurialism providing the mechanism that later drove growth and prosperity. By the time she was forced out in 1990 - essentially because she staked her future on the misguided Poll Tax - Britain was transformed. From being a global laughing stock in 1979, other countries now queued up to learn about privatisation, pension reform and council house sales among other iconic policies. In some ways, her most lasting legacy was on politics itself. Labour was repeatedly thrashed in the 1980s, and it was only when Tony Blair became leader in 1994 and promised to maintain her key reforms that Labour became electable again. Which brings us to Sunday's egg thrower. It is striking how ignorant most of the more vocal Thatcher-haters are about her and her achievements. Today we face an economic crisis more severe than anything since the 1970s. Inflation is soaring and, in a clear parallel, rising oil prices drive much of the crisis. It is easily forgotten how close to anarchy we were in the 70s.There were credible reports of coups considered by members of the establishment who saw no way out of the mess. The National Front was gaining support, and there was little hope for the future as out-ofcontrol unions destroyed almost everything they touched. Today's problems are indeed grave. But one reason it has not become a fully-fledged crisis of survival for Britain is reforms introduced by Mrs Thatcher. The country is not held to ransom by the unions; the economy is not an embarrassment; business is not sclerotic - all of which they were in the 70s. Margaret Thatcher's success was built on conflict. She knew her opponents had to be not only defeated but destroyed to expunge their influence. It means her legacy will always remain a source of anger to many, who themselves saw her as the enemy. In a way, the greatest tribute to her importance is their continuing anger.