ITV is launching a fresh new reality series pitting celebrities against each other and pushing them to the max. The Games sees six male and six female stars training to become athletes and competing against each other in a series of sports challenges with the show fronted by Holly Willoughby. Express.co.uk takes a look at the famous names participating in The Games - and where you may know them from. Kevin Clifton, 39, is no stranger to screens as a former Strictly Come Dancing professional and now actor, who will be appearing in a new production of Singin’ In The Rain. His stamina during his seven series of the BBC dance show are likely to put him in good stead on The Games as he battles for victory. Christine McGuinness, 34, is an author, model, and autism ambassador as well as the wife of TV presenter Paddy McGuinness. She has also appeared on other TV shows including The Real Housewives of Cheshire and Strictly The Real Monty. READ MORE: Strictly's Kevin Clifton admits 'biggest fear' taking part in show Max George, 33, is perhaps best known as one-fifth of British boyband The Wanted. He has also appeared on Strictly Come Dancing, Bear Grylls: Mission Survive and landed a role in season six of the American series Glee. Lucrezia Millarini, 46, is a journalist and news anchor for ITV News, who originally trained to become a barrister. The newsreader has previously appeared on Dancing on Ice in 2020 as well as Celebrity Mastermind. Olivia Attwood, 30, is a TV personality and reality TV star, who has appeared on series three of Love Island and later on The Only Way Is Essex. She has also worked as a model and made appearances on Lorraine, Tipping Point, Loose Women and The Real Housewives of Cheshire. Colson Smith, 23, is known to most as the loveable Craig Tinker in Coronation Street but he will be hoping to show off his sporting prowess on The Games. Smith has been part of the ITV soap since 2011 and before then he appeared in Jailhouse Dog, Reverie and Hollows Wood. Phoenix Gulzar-Brown, 23, is an influencer and model who is perhaps best known as the daughter of Spice Girl Mel B. She has previously appeared on Channel 4 series Born Famous and even had a promising career as a basketball player as a teen. Josh Herdman, 35, is a British actor who is best known as bad boy Gregory Goyle in the Harry Potter franchise as well as starring in the Robin Hood film. He has also appeared in Alex Rider, The Man Who Fell to Earth, and White House Farm as well as having a career in MMA. Wes Nelson, 23, is a musician and TV star who found fame on Love Island and subsequently Dancing on Ice. He has also featured on 8 Out of 10 Cats, The X Factor: Celebrity, Celebrity SAS: Who Dares Wins, and The Crystal Maze. Rebecca Sarker, 46, is a soap star and is currently in a dramatic storyline on Emmerdale as Manpreet Sharma. Some of her previous credits include TwentyTwelve, Dark Heart, Coronation Street, and Holby City. Ryan Thomas, 37, will be most familiar to viewers from his time on Coronation Street as Todd Grimshaw. After departing the cobbles in 2016, he has starred in Neighbours, Mancs in Mumbai, The Island will Bear Grylls, and even won Celebrity Big Brother. Chelcee Grimes, 29, is a Grammy-nominated songwriter who has penned songs for the likes of Kylie Minogue, Olly Murs and Dua Lipa. She is also a footballer and has played for Tottenham Hotspur, Fulham and Everton, among other teams, and her skill on the pitch could give her an edge over some of the other competitors. Chloe Burrows is the reserve for the female team and is most famous for appearing on Love Island in series seven. Will Njobvu is a radio presenter on Capital XTRA as well as occasionally hosting on Good Morning Britain. The Games starts on ITV tonight at 9pm