Attendees of Doctor Strange in the Multiverse in cinemas over the past week have been lucky enough to see the first snippets of Avatar: The Way of Water. But now, Disney has released the footage for Avatar 2 for the first time on the internet. Watch the trailer at the top of this video. The trailer does not give too much away, but does show off some of the award-winning visuals. Once again, some truly jaw-dropping special and visual effects have been utilised to bring the mystical world of Pandora to life for viewers. The highly anticipated sequel takes place more than a decade after the events of Avatar, and introduces some new threats to the alien world. Sully (Sam Worthington) returns to the fray, and now has a family in Neytiri and their children Neteyam, Lo'ak and Tuk. They also have an adopted human child, Spider. Only a few key details have been released about the new Avatar movie, but one thing is for sure: Sully is going to be called into action to defend the world of the Na'vi once again. At the moment, the only antagonist likely to attack Sully and his family are the humans who want to claim the planet's Unobtanium. This, of course, won't be the first time Sully has been forced to stand between his own race, and the race of the Na'vi that he fell in love with. But, this time around, he has a family to defend. Will this be the main point of contention for the former soldier? Avatar 2 is the first in a new quadrilogy of movies coming directly from Cameron and Disney. Avatar 3 has been slated to be released on December 20, 2024, while Avatar 4 is due for release on December 18, 2026, and Avatar 5 should hit cinemas on December 22, 2028. If they are even half as successful as the first film in the franchise, they will be massive blockbusters. 20th Century Studios boss Steve Asbell recently spoke about the upcoming movie. He said: "For real. It’s going to blow people away. You’re not ready for what [James Cameron] is doing. I can tell you that there is no better marketing apparatus in the business than the one at Disney. They will do an incredible job reigniting that passion for the original film." He added: "This is not just a sequel, it’s a saga. And it’s a family saga. It will be compelling on its own, but it will also be extremely compelling to return to those characters and to see how they’ve evolved. It’s less about Avatar being a really big movie and more about how Avatar was a really important cultural moment for audiences. I don’t think it will be hard to convince people to come back.” Avatar was originally released in 2009 and quickly became the highest-grossing movie of all time. The James Cameron creation progressed the film industry with its 3D technology and motion capture techniques. Since then, it has made a staggering $2.8 billion at the box office. Avatar is available to watch on Disney Plus now. Avatar: The Way of Water hits cinemas on December 16, 2022.