Dandelions can be a problem in gardens because they are extremely quick to flower and produce masses of windborne seeds. If not removed properly, they can also regrow from a tiny fragment, which is why if gardeners are wanting to get rid of them, they make sure they are doing the job properly. Tinker and Fix experts told Express.co.uk: “Avoid using chemicals and, instead, dig the dandelions out. “The only way to do this effectively is to use a tool designed specifically for the job, a dandelion trowel, yes they do exist. “You need a very long, thin trowel which you can use to circle around the dandelion to get all, or as much of, the long tap root out. “As they can regenerate from fragments of root, you may need several attempts.” READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share 7p hack to get oven racks and glass ‘sparkling’ According to the experts, using the right tool for the job means it’ll be “easier” to remove them. They added: [It won’t] leave your lawn looking dreadful in the meantime. “We use and recommend the Sneeboer dandelion trowel, which has a thin curved blade that is just over 20cm long. “It’s sharp too, so it cuts through grass and the ground early. DON'T MISS:Monty Don shares ‘classic symptoms’ of an ‘overwatered’ houseplant [COMMENT]‘Take action now’ to keep grass in ‘tip top condition’ all summer [EXPLAINER]Easy ways to get rid of garden pests including rats and caterpillars [INSIGHT] “If you leave it until after it rains, it will make the job easier too.” The Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) also recommended trying to dig dandelions out before moving to chemical options. They said: “Try digging out isolated specimens, removing as much of the tap root as possible early in the spring. “It may require several attempts to completely remove a deep or awkwardly positioned plant. “Dig plants out as soon as they appear and don’t allow to flower and set seed.” Dandelions can also be controlled with one or two applications of weedkiller. The RHS said: “Apply lawn weed killers in summer after cutting off the flowering heads to prevent seeding, then re-spray leaves that regrow 14 days after cutting back. “Treat again in autumn if basal rosettes are present.” Dandelions can also be a huge problem on driveways or patios, growing in the cracks. To control these, the RHS recommended using a patio or drive weedkiller. The experts added: “On loose gravel drives, hoeing on a dry day may be successful on shallow-rooted weeds. “Flame guns or flame weeders can work on hard surfaces, especially in warm and dry weather.” The RHS strongly discourages the use of bleach and salt to kill weeds on paths and drives. This is because they can cause pollution and damage plants.