Royal biographer Tom Bower claimed the Duke of Cambridge "will worry" about the possibility his brother Prince Harry and sister-in-law Meghan will try to steal the limelight from more prominent members of the Firm during the long bank holiday weekend between June 2 and 5 to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. The author told The Sun: "William will worry that Harry and Meghan will pull a stunt to try to get the limelight. "Kate and William would be foolish not to be suspicious and would be unwise not to be cautious." This comes as the Duke and Duchess of Sussex confirmed they will travel across the pond for the first time with their children to celebrate the monarch's historic achievement. A spokesperson for the couple said on Friday: "Prince Harry and Meghan, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, are excited and honoured to attend The Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations this June with their children." This trip will surely be welcomed by the sovereign, who will have the chance to see for the first time since November 2019 her eighth great-grandchild Archie Harrison. Moreover, she will also meet Lilibet 'Lili' Diana in person who, during the extended bank holiday weekend, will turn one. Meghan and Harry's decision to travel across the pond will also set the stage for the first meeting in person between the Duchess, Prince Charles, Prince William and Kate since March 2020. This announcement was shared a few minutes after Buckingham Palace revealed the Queen, after "careful consideration", desired to be surrounded on the balcony of her London residence only by full-time working royals. The Palace said: "After careful consideration, The Queen has decided this year’s traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday, June 2 will be limited to Her Majesty and those Members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of The Queen." READ MORE: Lady Louise’s ‘shared passion with Queen to be honoured Despite the Palace's statement, a few non-working members of the Firm will also step onto the balcony alongside the sovereign. Kate and Prince William's three children, George, Charlotte and Louis, will be on the balcony, as they are widely expected to one day become full-time working members of the Firm. The children of the Earl and Countess of Wessex and the monarch's youngest grandchildren - Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn - are also to be with the Queen on the balcony. Finally, Princess Anne and Sir Timothy Laurence will be in attendance. The former Navy officer isn't a full-time working royal but has taken part in several engagements in the past - including the National Service of Remembrance at the Cenotaph. In April, he travelled to Australia and Papua New Guinea alongside the Princess Royal and made a few public appearances with her. Speaking about his appearance on the balcony, a royal source said: "The Queen is happy [for him] to attend as a frequent attendee and support to the Princess Royal on official engagements." In the past, other notable royals have missed the flypast ending the Trooping the Colour parade. Most notably, Prince and Princess Michael of Kent, Prince Andrew and his daughters Eugenie and Beatrice, who over the years have been a constant presence on the balcony on Trooping the Colour, won't be in attendance. However, non-working royals are expected to take part in other engagements, including the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral on June 3. The Queen is looking forward to marking her historic jubilee, being the first-ever English sovereign to have reigned for seven decades. However, a Palace source said the monarch's attendance won't be announced ahead of time. They said: "The Queen is looking forward to the weekend and will be taking part in the celebrations but her presence will not be confirmed until much nearer the time or even on the day itself." The sovereign is believed to be planning to attend Trooping the Colour, the Epsom Derby and the service in central London.