Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba could indirectly benefit the club's Premier League rivals, Chelsea and Liverpool, by joining Paris Saint-Germain on a free transfer this summer. Pogba is expected to leave United as a free agent for the second time when his contract expires on July 1. But he isn't the only French midfielder who could complete a high-profile move during the summer transfer window. AS Monaco's Aurelien Tchouameni is strongly linked with a big switch after an impressive campaign for club and country. Chelsea and Liverpool are reportedly leading the race to sign Tchouameni but face heavyweight competition from other European giants, including Real Madrid. However, Pogba's movements ahead of the 2022-23 season could significantly influence all interested parties' chances. According to Foot Mercato, PSG sporting director Leonardo would prefer to sign the 29-year-old World Cup winner over Tchouameni. And the Ligue 1 champions' summer preparations are stalling as it is amid uncertainty surrounding leading star Kylian Mbappe, manager Mauricio Pochettino and Leonardo himself. JUST IN: Christian Eriksen drops Tottenham hint but Spurs need a huge favour The report adds that despite mass interest in his services, Liverpool are currently Tchouameni's priority destination. While preparations will already be well underway, the Reds' transfer business is likely to pick up after their final three games of the season. If Jurgen Klopp's side are triumphant in all three, Tchouameni could be walking into the first-ever English quadruple winners. And the 22-year-old's Anfield arrival would make plenty of sense, given Thiago and Jordan Henderson are now in their thirties, with Fabinho not far behind. With a chunk of Liverpool's summer budget splashed in January to snatch Luis Diaz while he was still attainable, Tchouameni would undoubtedly be the Reds' stellar summer signing. He would be Klopp's latest exciting addition to a squad he has carefully assembled with the help of data-driven recruitment over his successful reign. READ MORE: Man Utd fight details as players have ‘big age gap’ Tchouameni has been crucial to Monaco's last two seasons and is considered one of Europe's hottest prospects. He has featured in 70 of the club's 75 Ligue 1 games since the start of the 2020-21 campaign, helping them finish third and second. As a result, Monaco are understood to be unwilling to offload him for less than £60million this summer; a fee PSG would likely have no problem paying. But if Pogba opts for a move to the Parc des Princes, it would all but confirm they are out of the running for his international teammate. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.