Gardening expert Alan Titchmarsh often shares his plant and garden advice on Instagram. In a video post from last April, Alan shared what to do with daffodils after they flower. Alan said the plants can start to look “sad” and “tatty” at this time of year. He explained: “Daffodils are lovely when they’re in bloom. “But when they go over, they do look rather sad and tatty. “They sort of make the garden look messy and not very nice. “The easiest thing to do is with your thumb and your finger is pinch off each of these [flower heads] with the seed pod. READ MORE: Where to buy in and around…Brighton “It just saves the plant’s energy and they don’t look nearly so bad.” The gardening expert said the old flower heads can be put on the compost heap. Alan also warned gardeners against tying up the daffodils after they’ve bloomed, instead they should let them “flop”. He said: “Do not do what a lot of people do.  DON'T MISSSienna is christened in Chapel Royal at St James's Palace - see inside [INSIGHT]Inside Wallis Simpson's former home where Kate and William might live [UPDATE]'Biggest kept secrets of gardeners' to grow perfect tomatoes [ANALYSIS] “They take these and they put them in a knot or put an elastic band around them - no. “Leave them to flop like that for six weeks after flowering. “That allows the sun to get in there, photosynthesise through the leaves, make food, send it down to the bulb for next year’s flowers. “Then, about the end of May, you can chop them off completely at the ground. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Six weeks of flop will get you your flowers for next year. No elastic bands.” Alan’s video was viewed more than 12,000 times. The post also received lots of positive comments from Instagram users. Instagram user @cotswoldgardenpilates said: “Such good advice, I have knotted my daffodils on my mother’s advice [for] years. Thank you.” @annapmcnabb commented: “Six weeks of flop. That's the best gardening tip ever.  “Tying off daffodils and irises is my gardening pet hate. I'll never do it again.” @nicoleofficiallyoffduty said: “Good to know, thank you!” Pamela Boswell replied to the post: “That's where I've been going wrong all these years. “Didn't get out in the garden much last year and left the daffodils to themselves. “This year they have looked their best and seem to have lasted longer, fabulous.”