With a four-day weekend just around the corner, experts at SimpliSafe are warning that burglars may be on the hunt to take advantage of empty homes across the country with holidaymakers on a mini break or those out celebrating the royal milestone. With sneak-in burglaries on the rise and police warning of a potential surge for summer, UK General Manager at SimpliSafe, Jonathan Wall, has advised Britons to “be extra vigilant”. He said: “When you hear that celebrities have fallen victim to burglaries, even when they are in the home, like the recent home invasion of the Beckhams’ property, it can act as a sharp reminder that our homes could be targeted next. “When you have a huge event like the Queen’s Jubilee weekend in the calendar, unfortunately, it’s also in the burglars’. “As we’ve seen, more than 70,000 Big Jubilee Lunches have been planned, that we know of, and with readily available information like this, burglars may be out eyeing up their targets to make quick wins.” For anyone planning to be out over the long weekend, the expert shared things homeowners should “remember to do”. READ MORE: Gardening: Top plants to 'increase' your property’s value This includes keeping windows on lock. Jonathan explained: “If you’re out in the garden or street, do remember to lock windows and doors. “Don’t just shut windows, but pull those handles down to lock, as burglars could try to gain entry for a quick, sneak-in swindle. “You can also place entry sensors near windows and doors to scare them away and alert you immediately.” DON'T MISS:I tried Astonish’s new cleaning paste - here's the results [PICTURES]Gardening: How to plant the best summer containers [EXPLAINER]‘Best order’ to renovate a home and increase your house price by £10k [COMMENT] It may also be a good idea to decorate windows and the home in Jubilee bunting and decor. Jonathan said: “That way, if you’re away for the weekend or out and about all day and night, you can give the impression you’re celebrating at home. “A simple bunting in the window could show your household is more likely to be active with people celebrating inside.” Buntings can be purchased online for as little as £1. It is also important to hide any valuables including jewellery and computers. The expert added: “Hide them away and out of view from windows. “When you know you will be out of the house for a while, it’s not worth it to be complacent. “Whilst you may not be able to hire a Queen’s guard, you may have the next best thing in a dog. “Dogs have always worked well as our security guards and can sometimes be a deterrent to thieves.” For long-term safety, the expert recommended investing in home security if not yet done so. This includes motion and entry sensors, an indoor camera and siren. Jonathan said: “With home and away modes, you can tailor the system by placing sensors wherever you like, to detect activity and sound an alarm, alerting you on mobile wherever you are, in the garden or out of town.”