Britain is gearing up for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations which will run from Thursday, June 2 until Sunday, June 5. Thousands are expected to attend the events organised over the four-day period, while many Brits will be hoping to watch the spectacle on TV from the comfort of their homes. But the Department for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport (DCMS) has organised another option which will allow people to watch the celebrations on big screens in major UK cities. Platinum Jubilee events have been organised across the UK over the Platinum Jubilee weekend, and Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries said she hoped communities will celebrate the milestone together. She said: "In less than a month we will come together as a nation and Commonwealth to mark Her Majesty The Queen's 70-year reign. "No other British monarch has reached this milestone and we will celebrate it with tradition, pomp and circumstance. "I hope that people and communities across the country will come together to pay tribute to Her Majesty - whether that be to watch on big screens or toasting Her Majesty at a Big Jubilee Lunch with their neighbours or coming together in their local village hall."  READ MORE: Meghan and Harry face £130k bill to liquidate charitable foundation The Mall will be brought to life when the Queen's annual birthday parade, Trooping the Colour, returns to London for the first time in two years due to the pandemic. But The Mall and St James's Park have also been selected as a spot for a big screen where people can watch all the event coverage from the BBC's live feed over the Platinum Jubilee weekend. Princes Street Gardens in Edinburgh has also been chosen, and thousands of people will be able to have a picnic and watch the celebrations near the famous Edinburgh Castle.  Entertainment from the Royal Marines and local performers is also expected at the site. Bute Park, a Grade-I listed park in the heart of Cardiff's city centre, will host another big screen broadcasting the action from the Platinum Jubilee Pageant and there will be entertainment from the bandstand. The BBC is also offering local communities one-off TV licence dispensation over the Platinum Jubilee weekend. This means people can gather in venues in their hometowns to watch the events on their own big screens.  DON'T MISS:Bulgari creates 'showstopper' emerald tiara inspired by the Queen [PICTURES]Meghan and Harry returning for Jubilee to ‘stay relevant' [INSIGHT]Harry's 'disloyalty' to Queen means Eugenie and Beatrice 'suffer' [ANALYSIS] The Platinum Jubilee weekend will kick off on Thursday, June 2 with Trooping the Colour, with more than 1,500 soldiers and musicians expected to take part. On Friday, June 3, a service of thanksgiving will be held for the Queen's 70-year reign at St Paul's Cathedral in London. Saturday, June 4 will see the Platinum Party at the Palace, with some of the world's most famous musical acts expected to perform. And on Sunday, June 5, there will be the Platinum Jubilee Pageant followed by the Big Jubilee Lunch, where people are invited to sit down with their communities and raise money for local charities. 