The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge mingled on the red carpet with a star-studded cast led by Tom Cruise at the glitzy event in London's Leicester Square on Thursday. William and Kate admitted Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, seven, and four-year-old Prince Louis were disappointed to miss the UK premiere of the blockbuster as they chatted to attendees. Alfie Everett-Fletcher, nine, who met the Duke at the cinema, said: "He asked me what I liked about the last one, the things I like, if I like jets and planes and motorbikes." Alfie said William told him he is a "big fan" of the film and "cars and stuff". His mother Elise Everett added: "He said they have had the theme tune for the film playing with their kids." Alfie also said William told him his children were "jealous" to miss the premiere. Poppy Saunders, 11, said it was "really good" to meet Kate and give her a bunch of flowers outside the auditorium, although she was "really nervous". She said: "I gave the flowers and shook hands and she said 'hello Poppy'. She said a lot about how the kids love the film as well." Her mother Linsay Saunders added: "She said she liked sweet peas because there were sweet peas in the flowers." On the young royals, Ms Saunders said Kate told them "they wished they were here tonight". READ MORE: Carole Middleton 'in charge' of George, Charlotte and Louis  She added: "And I said 'well, it is a school night'." Kate and William dressed to impress as they stepped out on the red carpet for the showing of Top Gun: Maverick. The Duchess looked incredible in a full-length black and white gown, while she wore her hair in a sleek do around her shoulders. William was dapper in an Alexander McQueen tuxedo and loafers with "F-18" embroidered on them in a nod to the fighter jets in the movie. DON'T MISSHarry and Meghan warned docuseries must include their children [VIDEO]Prince George is 'shy' and shows 'no signs of enjoying status yet' [ANALYSIS]Archie has 'privilege' Cambridge kids 'will never really get' [INSIGHT] They joined Hollywood royalty Cruise, who reprised his role as hotshot US fighter pilot Captain Pete "Maverick" Mitchell for the eagerly awaited sequel to the 1986 film. The 59-year-old actor introduced the couple to his co-stars in front of a model of a fighter plane, which had "Capt Pete Mitchell Maverick" emblazoned on it near the cockpit. At one point on the red carpet, Cruise offered his hand to Kate as she navigated some steps. The Hollywood star also told how he has "a lot in common" with William. He added: "We both love England, and we're both aviators, we both love flying."