Meghan Markle, 40, and Prince Harry, 37, hosted a charity polo match in aid of local charities in Santa Barbara on Sunday. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex and the Los Padres polo team hosted a special charity polo match on Sunday in support of several local charities. These included Foodbank Santa Barbara County, Heal the Ocean and CALM4kids.  Meghan looked beautiful for the occasion. The mother-of-two looked stunning in £469 ‘Isabella’ shorts in white from Khaite, a polka dot blouse and ‘The Bella’ Belt in Blackbelt by Khaite. The belt cost a whopping £410 and perfectly tied the outfit together. She also wore her AQUAZZURA ‘Savoy’ 105 Black Pumps. They are currently out of stock, but similar items sell for £514. To complete her look, and keeping with the dress code for the event, she wore a matching black hat.  READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Imminent return of Meghan to 'fascinate' the UK As for her hair and makeup, Meghan went all out with Hollywood glamour with red lipstick, wavy hair and big sunglasses. For jewellery, the Duchess chose her Verse Fine Jewellery Gold 'Love Letters' Collection A Initial Pendant Necklace. Meghan then chose her Love Gold Bracelet by Cartier and her Gold Tank Française Watch from the same brand. The event was no doubt a hit, with the couple raising money for the charities tackling hunger, the environment and mental health. These are all causes close to their heart. Harry's Los Padres team were even the winners on the day, and Meghan presented her husband with the trophy and a kiss.  As the couple embraced on the podium, Meghan couldn't help but giggle as they were cheered by the crowds. News of the special afternoon was first revealed by Amanda Nguyen, who took to Instagram over the weekend to share her invitation on her Instagram, but later deleted it. The founder of Rise, a non-profit organisation, wrote alongside the invite: "Thank you Prince Harry and Meghan for this lovely invite to tomorrow's charity polo match. “Looking forward to it tomorrow!  “Also, admittedly excited to wear a hat for the dress code." The invite read: "On behalf of Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex & the Los Padres polo team, you are cordially invited to An Afternoon of Polo in support of local charities." Royal fans took to social media to praise Meghan’s style. Twitter user @elguardiancent1 said: “That outfit on her is... perfection!”  Royal watcher @bestofharryandm commented: “Meghan’s outfit was fantastic! “She’s a fashion icon.” Another fan, @judyju18 added: “What I love is that both Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are living their best life.” However other fans were confused about Meghan’s wardrobe. For instance, @14boonetp wrote: “Why was she wearing a hat to a local polo match?” 