Consumers are being encouraged to “reduce spending now” in light of the recent rise to gas and electricity prices. Last month, Ofgem increased the country’s energy price cap with families set to experience their energy costs going up by £693 annually. Earlier this week, the regulator confirmed it would be updating the price cap quarterly rather than twice a year to accurately update consumers about the state of their energy costs. This change to the price cap will not come into effect until next year, so households will not get an update on any potential increases to energy costs until October. However, personal finance experts are warning that households “will feel the effects” of bill hikes a lot faster than usual as a result. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Alice Haine, a personal finance analyst at BestInvest, discussed what consumers can expect in the months ahead as the energy bill crisis continues. Ms Haine explained: “Ofgem’s proposal to reset the cap on electricity and gas bills more often - every three months instead of the current regime of every six months – means that consumers will feel the effects of any changes to wholesale prices faster. READ MORE: Woman, 88, in tears after losing £36,000 savings - after 'scrimping' for 50 years “As the proposed shift to a quarterly reset won’t kick in until January, it means the next change won’t come until October, with the expectation that the price will rise to as much as £2,600.” Experts believe the recent hike to bills is a consequence of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and pressures on the wholesale gas and electricity market. Specifically, Ms Haine warned that certain communities in the UK are more likely to be affected by the dramatic hike in energy costs. She added: “One segment of the UK community hurting more than others in this current era of price hikes is those living in isolated or rural areas that rely on oil-fired boilers to heat their homes.  “About 1.5 million households use oil to heat their homes, but unlike other forms of energy the energy price cap does not apply, which causes some intense price swings.” The financial expert is encouraging households to get their finances in order so they are prepared for further bill hikes in the next year. “Your household finances need to be water tight for the extra outlay that will come, so reduce your expenditure now to build a buffer when the colder weather comes,” Ms Haine said. “Ways to prepare include paying down any debt, creating a household budget to help you trim away unnecessary expenditure and creating separate bank pots to store a pot of cash for surprise or unexpected bills. “Known as an emergency fund, the ideal amount is three-to-six months of monthly expenses. “But don’t panic if you aren’t anywhere near that sum yet; it’s just a target to aim towards as you build up your financial reserves.” Sharing advice to those who are most in need, Ms Haine shared how families will be able to mitigate the damage on their finances and cut their costs. The financial expert explained: “Simple tricks to reduce your electricity usage include turning off the lights in any rooms you are not using, which can deliver a saving of £20 a year on annual energy bills, according to the Energy Saving Trust. “Switching off unused devices at the plug rather than leaving them on standby can trim about £55 off the annual bill and ditching the tumble dryer will save £60 a year. “While the savings are small if carried out on their own, the more measures you put place, the more the savings compound.”