Arsenal hero Kevin Campbell has claimed the Premier League want Tottenham to finish in the top four ahead of the Gunners after Antonio Conte’s side were handed a controversial penalty during their victory over Burnley on Sunday. Harry Kane dispatched the spot-kick and it proved decisive as the Lilywhites ran out 1-0 winners. Spurs were awarded a penalty in stoppage time at the end of the first half in north London after Davidson Sanchez kicked the ball straight into the arm of Clarets forward Ashley Barnes from point-blank range. After a lengthy look at the VAR monitor, referee Kevin Friend pointed to the spot before Kane picked out the bottom corner of the net. It comes after Tottenham were awarded another penalty during their 3-0 victory over north London rivals Arsenal on Thursday night. On that occasion, Cedric Soares was deemed to have barged Son Heung-min in the back as the South Korea international jumped to head the ball. Following Tottenham’s latest penalty, Arsenal fan @EGTVEgal complained on Twitter: “Two soft penalties for Spurs in two games,” he wrote. “The Premier League really want Tottenham to get top 4.” READ MORE: Arsenal's shortlist shrinks by one as star told he's 'going nowhere' And Campbell was quick to reply: “100% yet it’s in our hands,” came Campbell’s response. The former striker had earlier posted a reply to Sky Sports pundit Chris Kamara, who had himself taken to Twitter to lambast the decision. “Unnatural position!!!! What a load of bol****s Spurs v Burnley,” penned Kammy. And Campbell agreed: “Glad you see what most see Kammy,” wrote the 52-year-old. Tottenham were frustrated for long periods of their clash with Burnley as they were thwarted by away goalkeeper Nick Pope time and time again. And they weren’t able to find a route to goal from open play throughout the entire match. But the penalty ensured they picked up three valuable points to move back ahead of Arsenal in the Premier League table ahead of the Gunners’ clash with Newcastle on Monday evening.  Spurs’ win means the race to secure a top-four spot is set to go down to the final day of the season. The Lilywhites travel to Carrow Road to face Norwich next Sunday, while Arsenal host Everton. Despite Campbell’s protests, Conte was adamant the penalty decision was the right call. “The penalty was clear, first of all,” Conte told BT Sport after the final whistle. “Because I have seen that someone has complained about the penalty, it was not 100 per cent clear - it was 200 per cent.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 