Ms Levin criticised the pair on Twitter, posting: “A lot of talk about [how] Harry and Meghan now want to be part-time royals. BUT that’s what they went for all along, but failed because they wanted and have used the royals for commercial gain. Also, what about toeing the line, a sense of duty and accepting their sixth position.” Ms Levin is a royal author who met and interviewed Prince Harry for a book released in 2018 titled Harry: A Biography of a Prince.  Meghan was recently dealt a blow as her animation series "Pearl" was cancelled by Netflix on Sunday. When appearing on Talk TV to discuss the series being cancelled, Ms Levin alleged to Mike Graham: “She didn’t want the title — they [Meghan and Prince Harry] don’t want to be royals so they didn’t want to do anything that was royal, except use the title that will help them make loads of money.” Meghan and Harry stepped down from their roles as senior royals two years ago and made the move to California with their two children - Archie and Lilibet. But speculation has started among royal experts on whether the pair are looking to return as part-time royals.  Kinsey Schofield, the founder of royals site ToDiForDaily.com, claimed to Express.co.uk that Harry and Meghan would be “eager” to return to the UK as part-time royals. She said: “I think they would be willing to come back and live there for six months. "We see that Prince Harry is not willing to give up Frogmore Cottage. His life is there, his friends are there and his blood is there. “I do think that Harry and Meghan would be eager to go back and to explore that option.”  READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Harry 'eager' to return as part-time royals Ms Schofield did, however, admit that the option to return may not be “immediately available”. She said: “I don’t think it’s going to be immediately available to them. “It’s been hinted that perhaps this is something they plan to pursue after Prince Charles ascends to the throne and I think that that would be too soon, because there’s already a critical tone when it comes to King Charles and I don’t think that this would necessarily improve the criticism.” It is believed Harry will return for the Jubilee celebrations in June, but it has been speculated he may miss the event after agreeing to play polo season.  DON'T MISS: Prince Harry's rumoured Jubilee absence has fans 'losing patience' [REVEAL]Prince Harry blasted for 'prioritising polo over Queen's Jubilee' [INSIGHT]Archie Harrison milestone: Will Meghan release a new picture? [PICTURES] Royal reporter Omid Scobie has claimed on Twitter that Harry will play the 12 goal polo season at Santa Barbara with his Los Padres teammates and will be part of the Folded Hills Pop Challenge from 9th – 15th May, the Lisle Nixon Cup from 20th – 29th May and the Cheval Athletics USPA Intra-Circuit from 3rd – 19th June. With the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee Pageant set for June 5, this leaves many questioning whether or not Harry will make an appearance.  Representatives for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were contacted for comment.