Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta is pushing for the club to make a £25million bid for Youri Tielemans, according to reports. However, a major stumbling block to the deal is the Leicester star would prefer to move to a club playing in the Champions League next season. Tielemans is one of Arsenal's top midfield targets for this summer's transfer window. The Belgium international is out of contract at Leicester at the end of next season. The Telegraph says Arteta has done his own background checks on the player and wants to bring him to the Emirates. The Spaniard wants the club to submit their opening offer to the Foxes, believing the 25-year-old has the qualities and versatility to flourish in north London. However, Tielemans would prefer to join a club participating in the Champions League. Arsenal missed out on the Premier League top four on the final day of the season. READ MORE: Arsenal chief Edu sends 'guarantee' to supporters in parting message to season  The Gunners beat Everton 5-1 but needed Norwich to overcome Tottenham at Carrow Road. But Spurs ran out 5-0 winners to pip their rivals to fourth. The same report says Arsenal's head of UK scouting James Ellis has watched Tielemans on numerous occasions this season. Despite speculation over his future, Leicester boss Brendan Rodgers recently insisted the midfielder has remained professional in everything he has done. Rodgers said: “The problem, because of the gossip and speculation around it, it shines a light on him [Tielemans]. For me, he’s still the same guy, his professionalism is first-class. "That’s why I always play him. He makes passes in the team that not many can make. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag fires warning to Manchester United players in first interview as manager [INTERVIEW]Leeds reject £46m Raphinha bid after Premier League safety as star 'agrees terms' [GOSSIP]Cristiano Ronaldo and Mason Greenwood 'erupted' during specific Man Utd defeat [INSIGHT]  "He fights for the team and that’s the type of person he is. He’s maybe not played to the top of his level sometimes but his commitment, his training every day, and his preparation shows he’s a top-class professional.” Liverpool and Manchester United are also credited to have shown interest in Tielemans in recent years. However, they are not prioritising his signing at the moment. Arsenal are also set to be in the market for at least one striker this summer. Speaking after Sunday's win over the Toffees, Arteta admitted he has no time for a summer break. He told the club's media channel: "I cannot stop now. We have a very important week to make some decisions as well and start to set the platforms for what we’re going to do in the summer. We are ready to do that and we need to start to go."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here