Not so long ago, Hardy was a hot favourite to replace Daniel Craig, duking it out with fellow heavyweight actor Idris Elba. But the Luther star's chances keep fading, not least because, at 49 he is already on the upper end of the range right now and the franchise isn't likely to reboot for at least a couple more years. Hardy's chances had also seem to be fading away, but his fortunes have seen a radical reversal which the announcement of the latest odds. Suddenly the Venom star is shopwing he still has plenty of bite back at the front of the pack. When the race to be the next Bond started in earnest back in 2015, Hardy was a clear favourite. However, the actor has famously said he superstitiously believes it is better not to discuss his hopes of being the next 007 in case it jeopardises his chances. Cavill has no such reservations and has been very open about his desire to step into that iconic Aston Martin. Hopes, which would appear to be strengthened by Bond producer Barbara Broccoli's comments that "It’s a big decision. It’s not just casting a role. It’s about a whole rethink about where we’re going." If it implies a change from Craig's rather dour interpretation, that would seem to favour Cavill, who has tackled many lighter roles alongside The Witcher or Superman. Then again, one role might have changed everything for Hardy and UK punters seem to agree. Hardy's madcap performance as Eddie Brock/Venom mixes comedy and action in an unforgettably overblown way. Might Broccoli and fellow producer Michael G Wilson think so too? Recent odds had seen Hardy tumble to 10/1 or even lower, but Boyle Sports is betting on a far better chance where Hardy has shot up this week from an already improved from 8/1. Spokesperson Sarah Kinsella said: “We are seeing a large increase in bets placed on Tom Hardy to be the next James Bond as the Mad Max star is now 4/1 from 8/1." Kinsella added: "Hardy ticks a lot of boxes and this is not the first time speculative bets have arrived for the Venom star. Rege-Jean Page has drifted out to 9/4 from 2/1, but is still clinging on to favouritism at this stage." The big news is this is the first time in almost two months that Page's odds have slipped at all, from his previous unassailable lead. Hardy finds himself toe to toe with arch-rival Henry Cavill, both on 41/, with Aidan Turner trailing behind at 8/1. Then there is a scrum of big names all gathered on 10/1 from Richard Madden and Idris Elba to Michael Fassbender and James Norton. However, the actual former head of the British secret service has his own clear view on which star it should be.  Former MI6 boss Sir Richard Dearlove, who was the real-life M, spoke up this week about how he believes any future Bond star and film needs to remain true to the vision laid down on the page by 007 creator Ian Fleming. And Dearlove knows exactly the chap to do it. He said: "I’m a traditionalist and I think it should be a man because that’s the way Ian Fleming conceived of the role. "I’ve looked at the list of candidates and my pick would be…the one who suits it best on the list is probably Tom Hiddleston." The actor used to be a huge frontrunner favourite a few years back, but his odds have drifted far off to 40/1 right now with Boyle Sports.