Property expert and TV presenter Phil Spencer has shared more advice for those looking to sell their homes. In the latest video for Move iQ, Phil shared his advice about dealing with estate agent fees. Traditional high street estate agent fees charge for key services that help homeowners sell their home. They often include marketing a property with professional photographs, accurate floor plans and measurements, recommending an asking price, arranging and managing viewings, installing a for sale board, negotiating with with potential buyers and helping to move the sale from an exchange to completion. The agents usually charge the seller a percentage of the final sale price which is usually between 0.75 percent and 3.5 percent. According to Phil, the current average estate agent fee is just under 1.2 percent. The co-founder of Move iQ has shared how homeowners looking to sell can try and “avoid fees”. He explained: “You could try and avoid fees altogether by selling privately and that can be a strong option if you already have an interested buyer such as a friend or a neighbour. READ MORE: Where to buy in and around…Brighton “But if not, bear in mind that selling privately will be time-consuming and potentially stressful and difficult. “If you do decide to go down the traditional route, you could save money by inviting multiple agents to your home to quote. “Estate agents will want your business and many are prepared to be flexible on their terms in order to win your business so they may reduce their fee. “Another negotiation tactic is to ask agents to agree to a sliding scale of commission. “This can incentivise them to sell the property for the best possible price possible in order to maximise their fee.” DON'T MISSSienna is christened in Chapel Royal at St James's Palace - see inside [INSIGHT]Inside Wallis Simpson's former home where Kate and William might live [UPDATE]'Biggest kept secrets of gardeners' to grow perfect tomatoes [ANALYSIS] For example, if a seller believes their home is worth £400,000, and the agent sells it for less than £375,000, then the seller could set the fee at one percent. If the agent sells the home for over £425,000, then the homeowner and the agent could agree on a 1.75 percent fee. However, Phil said the commission fee is not the only aspect homeowners should look at when choosing an estate agent. Sellers should also choose an agent with a track record of selling the type of property they have in the same area. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Phil continued: “Do your own research into the likely value of your home to start with and you can do that by looking at what similar properties have recently sold for. “That's very important. The online portals are excellent for this type of research. “While agents will offer their valuations some have been known to inflate their valuation in order to secure your business. Be careful of that.” Homeowners should also probe potential agents to discover how they will advertise and how they will promote the property. It’s also worth asking estate agents who your point of contact will be, what kind of experience they have and if they have a “hot buyers list”.  Most estate agents have a hot buyers list which is when there’s a list of serious buyers that could be interested in a property right away. Phil also advised sellers to ask agents what the initial term of the contract is. He said this is “important” as sellers need to know how long they’re obliged to market things for with that estate agent alone. Phil added: “How easy is it to get out of the contract? For example, if you're unhappy with the service being provided. “Another question - what happens if you find a buyer yourself?”