The Brexiteer took to Twitter demanding the UK leave the European Commission for Human Rights (ECHR). He claimed if the UK did not commit to a “proper Brexit”, 100,000 migrants would arrive in the UK in 2022. Nigel Farage has been outspoken in his criticism of the Government’s Rwanda plan, previously claiming “no one believes Rwanda will happen”. Mr Farage said: “Boris Johnson blaming lawyers over Rwanda delays is disingenuous. He wanted to stay in the ECHR, time for a proper Brexit.” This is the latest in a series of tweets following Downing Street’s announcement on Tuesday that it could be “months” before the first asylum seekers are housed in Rwanda. Yesterday, he said: “Sadly, it looks as though the Rwanda policy is about to rebound on the Government. Several legal challenges are already underway. “Unless Brexit is completed and we leave the ECHR, 100,000 migrants will arrive in 2022.”  Mr Johnson told reporters yesterday that “liberal lawyers” were causing delays to the plan but vowed to “get it done”. He said: “Of course, there are going to be legal eagles, liberal lawyers, who will try to make this difficult to settle. We always knew this was going to happen, but it is a very sensible thing. “If people are coming across the Channel illegally, and if they are, their lives are being put at risk by ruthless and unscrupulous gangsters, which is what is happening at the moment.” He added: “I think that’s a humane, compassionate and sensible thing to do. I’m not going to pretend to you that is going to be without legal challenges. I think I said that when I announced it, but we will get it done.” READ MORE: Farage warning as 100k migrants to arrive unless Brexit is completed  Earlier this week, Downing Street announced that the plans to send asylum seekers to Rwanda may be delayed by “months” but, it would not wait on legal challenges. Lawyers have argued the plan is in breach of the ECHR and violates asylum seekers’ human rights. The news comes as nearly 700 migrants attempted to cross the Channel in the first three days of May, according to data released by The Ministry of Defence. Speaking in Kigali last month, Home Secretary Priti Patel touted the plan which would see asylum seekers who entered the UK illegally sent to the East African country for processing. DON'T MISS:Shop prices soar to highest level for over a decade [INSIGHT]Putin could 'tip' France into war with Russia, security analyst warns [ANALYSIS]Newsnight: Nicola Sturgeon branded ‘liar’ over Ferry Fiasco [REPORT] She claims the plan will deter “evil people smugglers” and “criminal gangs” from sending migrants across the channel in dangerous small boats. The Home Secretary also noted Rwanda had a strong record of refugee resettlement and had previously resettled more than 100,000 refugees. More than 6,000 individuals attempted the crossing this year, around three times the amount that had attempted the journey at this time last year. The figure is projected to reach 60,000 by the end of 2022 if the trend continues. In 2021, more than 28,000 attempted to make the crossing. 