Mrs Hinch, real name Sophie Hinchliffe, rose to fame on social media several years ago when she started to share cleaning hacks. Now with more than four million followers, the cleaning guru shares more of her day-to-day life and her fans share their own advice on dedicated Facebook pages. Taking to the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Dani Smith shared the “best” glass cleaner along with a photo of the product. She wrote: “Oh my god this is the best window and glass cleaner I have ever used. “It leaves no streaks at all, dries so quick and smells so nice. “I actually am in love with this product and about to go and buy all the range.” Dani shared a snap of the Lime and Mint Window & Glass Cleaner by Kim Woodburn. READ MORE: ‘Best’ way to clean ovens using ‘natural ingredients’ The cleaning guru teamed up with Poundland last month to bring out a range of products. Known for her cleaning show, How Clean is Your House, Kim has 15 different products with prices starting at £1. Dani added: “I did every cleaning job this morning, windows, shower, mirror. I’m obsessed. “No streaks at all on anything, very impressed. DON'T MISS:‘Easy tips’ to keep fresh flowers ‘blooming’ for longer [COMMENT]‘Easy’ vegetables to grow now which need ‘minimal’ time and attention [EXPERT]Swiss cheese plant: The ‘daily’ job to keep your houseplant alive [EXPLAINER] “My windows were done in five minutes including back doors.” Lisa Witworth commented: “The original cleaning guru, I picked up this cleaning product the other day and it is incredible. “Agree with it being the best glass cleaner, it’s great.” Georgie McNill said: “I am trying to cut down on the amount of products I use but I agree this is the best ever one. “The smell is lovely and it’s so cheap.” Mary Farish wrote: “The kitchen cleaner is also good, I’ve been using it myself.” Mrs Hinch fans also shared how to clean windows and mirrors using natural products. Avril Curtis wrote: “I’ve just cleaned my windows with vinegar cleaner and they look worse than before I cleaned them. “They’re all smeary and cloudy, what is the best cloth to use?” Cleaning enthusiasts shared their top tips in the comments, including using black tea. Lizzie Mcmillan wrote: “Cold black tea and kitchen roll.” Julie Cordelia said: “Try black tea and use a tea towel.” The acid which appears in tea, tannic acid, acts as a cleaning agent to dissolve grease and dirt. Other Mrs Hinch fans recommended mixing white vinegar with water to stop streaks.