Liz Truss announced last week the UK Government is seeking to introduce legislation overturning parts of the Northern Ireland Protocol. The Foreign Secretary has since rejected a plea from Richard Neal, chair of the US Congress Ways and Means committee, to not rewrite the Brexit deal. Mr Neal, also a US congressman, has now said the UK and EU’s dispute over the Northern Ireland Protocol appears to be a “manufactured issue”. Speaking to reporters alongside Minister for Foreign Affairs Simon Coveney after a reception in Dublin, Mr Neil said he believed trade problems around the Brexit deal “could be ironed out quickly” as all parties want a solution. The Democrat then said: “Now it’s up to London to help us all find a solution.” When asked what motivation there might be to manufacture a crisis, Mr Neal said: “I hope this is not about domestic politics.” DUP MLA Diane Dodds said Mr Neal’s suggestion that unionist objections to the protocol were “manufactured” was “outrageous”. She noted more than 40 percent of people elected to the Northern Ireland Assembly had opposed the post-Brexit arrangements. The MLA for Upper Bann said: “The protocol has not enjoyed the support of a single unionist MP or MLA since it was forced upon us by Westminster and Brussels.” She has written to all members of the US congressional ways and means committee objecting to the remarks by Mr Neal, whom she said “has been more of a hindrance than a help to progress”. READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Brussels warns agreement could be scrapped Speaking alongside the US official, Mr Coveney said he believed that the EU can respond “in a significant way” to legitimate concerns in the unionist community through partnership. However, he added “we need a partner, for partnership”, and said there is a risk the British government will impose a solution which “will cause a lot more problems than it will solve”. Mr Coveney said “the last thing” the Irish Government wants is for there to be tension between the UK and the EU, at a time when they should be “working together on much, much bigger issues, let's face it, in the context of war in Ukraine”. He said it was “hugely frustrating” that the row has continued to linger. DON'T MISS Ukraine LIVE: 'President messed up' Russian elite turning on Putin Ukraine wipes out Russian military base with NATO-supplied howitzer 'Stupid idiots with no sense of history' Union flag Jubilee row DUP MLA Diane Dodds said Mr Neal’s suggestion that unionist objections to the protocol were “manufactured” was “outrageous”. She noted more than 40 percent of people elected to the Northern Ireland Assembly had opposed the post-Brexit arrangements. The MLA for Upper Bann said: “The protocol has not enjoyed the support of a single unionist MP or MLA since it was forced upon us by Westminster and Brussels.” She has written to all members of the US congressional ways and means committee objecting to the remarks by Mr Neal, whom she said “has been more of a hindrance than a help to progress”. It comes as Democratic congressman Dan Kildee, part of a US delegation who met Irish premier Micheál Martin along with Mr Neal, urged Ms Truss to have face-to-face negotiations with Brussels. Mr Kildee, who met Ms Truss over the weekend, said there was no indication the Government intends to “change course”. He told RTÉ Morning Ireland: “It's important, and we stress this, that the (UK Government) negotiate and that they not take unilateral action. “The only way we can come to agreement, the only way we protect the incredible progress that's represented with the Good Friday Agreement, is face-to-face negotiation. “We think unilateral solutions will not work, face-to-face negotiation to work out some of these technical questions can be achieved.” Meanwhile, Mateusz Morawiecki, Poland’s Prime Minister, criticised the row between the UK and EU over the Northern Ireland Protocol during the war in Ukraine, saying “only Putin will be happy”. He warned that “united we are strong, divided we are very weak,” and called on the EU and UK to “compromise” rather than risk a damaging trade war. Mr Morawiecki told the BBC: “Trade wars are a lose-lose situation. Poland wants to be as strong a partner for the UK as is possible – we want to work towards a compromise. “Only Putin and our enemies will be happy with yet another disagreement between such close partners as the United Kingdom and the European Union.”