Lorry driver Christian Young and his wife Emily were supposed to spend the week in Santorini, but the "disappointed" couple were forced to give up on their TUI honeymoon dream when East Midlands Airport staff told them to leave the airport. Since the UK left the EU, Brits need their passport to have been issued within the last 10 years. It must also be valid for at least three months after the date you intend to leave the EU country you are visiting, while some reports advise six months just to be on the safe side. Christian's passport expires on December 22, but the issue date reads April 2012 meaning it passes the 10-year deadline. Having never heard of the passport rule change before facing it himself, the newlywed was left feeling heartbroken, reports Nottinghamshire Live. Christian, from Melbourne, Derbyshire, said: "Even if I knew about it I could not fly and that is where the problem is. "It can take up to ten weeks to get a new passport, and this rule was introduced recently, almost overnight". "There was no grace, I was just told a flat no and then we were told to leave the airport. I am so very disappointed - my wife has not been away in six years." The couple fell in love at first sight after they met on dating app Bumble back in September last year. Mr Young said they "just clicked" from the beginning, with the couple moving in together over Christmas. They had their wedding in April this year. Mr Young: "It just felt natural. It felt right. We became very comfortable with each other very quickly." Now that they were left with no honeymoon in sight and no exotic holiday to look forward to, the couple are hoping to get compensation at least. "There is the financial aspect, but also the fact that I will not be able to book time off work anymore this summer", he said. "I booked off ten days for this only to be told that I cannot go. It is ridiculous and disappointing. It completely ruined our honeymoon." He said that they have got insurance but it does not cover a passport rule change. "It just seems like it came out of the blue and there is nothing we can do about it." A TUI spokesperson said: "We’re sorry to hear of Mr Young’s experience and understand his disappointment that he was unable to go on his honeymoon as planned. "As we advised him about the changes to passport validity rules and reminded him to check his passport at the time of booking, and again on his booking confirmation, our normal terms and conditions apply. "We have advised Mr Young to reach out to his travel insurance provider and have offered a gesture of goodwill if they are unable to support."