Black mould appearing on ceailings or walls in a property can be a nightmare - with the potential for it to spread, damage belongings and even cause a hazard to health. Mould is a fungus that grows to form a downy or furry coating which is often associated with decay or dampness and requires a moist environment and organic material in order to thrive. When it comes to knowing how to remove mould from bathrooms, we'd usually buy a mould remover and some tough washing-up sponges. But for this method, you just need distilled vinegar and kitchen roll, making it both cheap and natural. We tested the mould cleaning hack in our own home, and this is how it went. The first step was to put on a pair of gloves to protect my hands. Vinegar is a natural and organic material, but extended exposure to vinegar can cause irritation to your skin. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to clean washing machine drawers - 'cheap and effective’ Once the gloves were on it was time to soak two kitchen roll towels in distilled vinegar. Although, white vinegar is commonly used to clean with, distilled vinegar is known to be more effective as it has a higher acidity level. I opted for Tesco’s own brand of distilled vinegar which only came to a total of 29p - absolute bargain! It’s important to avoid diluting the vinegar with water as this weakens the strength. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: ‘Least expensive and easiest’ solution to unblock drains [EXPERT]Patio weeds: How to kill patio weeds using 29p method - ‘fast-acting’ [INSIGHT]Laundry: ‘Important’ tips to ‘properly’ wash duvets for ‘best results’ [TIPS] When soaking the kitchen towels in the liquid, I made sure to cover every inch so that there were no dry areas when it came to applying it to the ceiling. This part was quite messy, so I would advise doing it near a sink. As this was only a small area of mould only two towels sufficed, but I would advise those who have a large area of mould to use as many sheets of kitchen roll as necessary. Once the kitchen towels were thoroughly soaked, it was then time to apply it to the mould-ridden areas. As the smell is very strong, I would advise opening the windows and doors in the bathroom before spraying the liquid. After covering the area of mould on the ceiling with the kitchen roll I left it overnight to work its magic. With this method being so easy to follow and only two items needed, I didn’t have very high hopes for the results. In the morning, while having my first cup of coffee of the day, I began the task of removing all of the now dried kitchen roll from the ceiling. I then used a microfibre cloth to wipe the mould and vinegar residue from the surface. To my surprise the black mould wiped away with such ease. The best mould cleaners out there from brands like Astonish and Cilit Bang will also remove mould spores, but you might just have all the ingredients for this hack in your kitchen cabinet. The bottom line is that the dreaded task of banishing mould effectively was made much easier with this method as there was no scrubbing involved. If you use this cleaning method every time you notice little spores of mould, I think it'd be really good at avoiding a massive mould issue later down the line. The only downside to this hack was that the vinegar had to be left for a good eight hours for it to be effective.