The Duke of Sussex, 37, is scheduled to release a memoir later this year which has been described as “intimate and heartfelt” by its publisher. Harry said the contents would reflect on "the highs and lows" of his life, and a spokesperson for the duke previously said that he would not be expected to obtain permission for the project from Buckingham Palace. After the project was announced, there was speculation that it could provide Harry with an opportunity to make further claims about his time as a senior royal. He and his wife Meghan Markle, 40, made numerous bombshell claims about the Royal Family during an interview with Oprah Winfrey last year. However, royal expert Kinsey Schofield claims Harry being invited to the Queen’s Jubilee celebrations next month could indicate the contents of the book will be positive. The founder of Los Angeles-based royals site ToDiForDaily.com told Express.co.uk that being invited to the events to mark the monarch’s reign may signify that Harry’s book isn’t a “scathing tell-all”. She said instead it could focus on Harry’s growth and experience following the death of his mother in 1997. The Duke was just 12 years old when the Princess of Wales died in Paris 25 years ago. When asked about Harry’s UK return, Ms Schofield, who has worked in the PR industry for over 10 years, told Express.co.uk: “I am certainly surprised by the decision and it makes me feel like Prince Harry’s book isn’t the scathing tell-all we feared. “Perhaps it’s just a book about a man who learned to live and love after the death of his mother. “I’ve always hoped that it was more of a motivational book than a hit piece.” READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'not handed $100m' for Netflix deal In a statement at the time of announcing the memoir, Harry said: "I'm writing this not as the prince I was born but as the man I have become." He added: "I've worn many hats over the years, both literally and figuratively, and my hope is that in telling my story - the highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learned - I can help show that no matter where we come from, we have more in common than we think.” The Duke and Duchess of Sussex stepped back from their royal responsibilities to pursue a financially independent life away from the Firm in the US. It was announced earlier this month that they will be making a visit to British soil to attend some celebrations for the Queen’s Jubilee. DON'T MISS Prince Charles stepping up as regent for Queen is 'speculation' [INSIGHT] Camilla in awe with adorable 5-year-old during visit ahead of tour [VIDEO]Kate Middleton aces crossword to delight of baffled student [REPORT] The couple said they were “excited and honoured” to be making the trip, and that they will be joined by their two children – three-year-old Archie and 11-month-old Lilibet – for the occasion. The trip will mark the first time the Sussexes have travelled to the UK with their children in tow. This means the Queen can be reunited with Archie who was born in 2019, and also means the monarch can meet her namesake Lilibet for the first time. Lilibet ‘Lili’ Diana was born in a Santa Barbara hospital on June 4 last year, so it is likely the young tot will celebrate her first birthday while in the UK. It has not yet been confirmed which specific events the couple and their children will be attending at the event. However, they will not be among those congregating on the balcony of Buckingham Palace to watch the traditional RAF flypast this year. The occasion takes place at the end of Trooping the Colour – the Queen’s birthday parade. This year the monarch will be joined by working members of the Royal Family, meaning the Duke and Duchess of Sussex along with Prince Andrew among others won’t make an appearance. The Queen’s decision means that on the balcony joined by Charles and Camilla, William and Kate, the Earl and Countess of Wessex, the Princess Royal, the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester, the Duke of Kent and Princess Alexandra. In addition, the Cambridge and Wessex children are expected to appear, as is Sir Tim Laurence, the husband of Princess Anne.