Thomas Tuchel says he is happy for Chelsea to be the “bad guys” of the FA Cup final if that’s the way Jurgen Klopp wants it. The Blues boss echoed the sentiment of Pep Guardiola who claimed that the whole country backs Liverpool on these showpiece occasions. But unlike Guardiola, the 48-year-old German simply does not care. “There’s nothing to be jealous of from my side, Klopp is a fantastic guy, funny guy, one of very, very best coaches in the world and that’s what he does,” Tuchel explained. “When he trained Dortmund, the whole country loved Dortmund. So now he trains Liverpool and you have the feeling the whole country loves Liverpool. “It’s big, big, big credit to him and this is what you deal with it you play a team against him, It’s always the fun part and so if we are the bad guys tomorrow, then no problem. We take that role, we don’t want to have the sympathy of the country tomorrow, we want to have the trophy.” Liverpool start as favourites with Chelsea facing late fitness tests on Mateo Kovacic and N’Golo Kante, but still Tuchel refuses to get caught up in the rhetoric. “You know Klopp is the master of being the underdog,” Tuchel laughed. “He can talk you into being the underdog against Villarreal and against Benfica, and it’s a miracle - a miracle - how they even draw against them. He can talk you into it and he does it all the time, he does it a lot of times. MORE PREMIER LEAGUE NEWS...Newcastle facing backlash as 'leaked kit' resembles Saudi Arabia shirtArsenal warned they have problem after Spurs loss due to three starsTen Hag gets tough with Man Utd chief Arnold as Ronaldo expected to go “That’s part of it, that’s also like from where the sympathy comes. If you fight against it , like Pep has for many, many years, I can understand Pep’s comments and that it sometimes feels like this. “There are huge sympathies for Liverpool - I feel that as well, in the whole country. And I can understand it, I can understand it. “In general it is because of what this club stands for and how they run the business, and how the fans push their team. You have the feeling it’s purely about football and this is like a huge history in this club and there is a huge sympathy for it.”