When it comes to the best bank accounts, there is no one-size-fits-all solution however Santander has an option which could prove appealing. Santander’s 123 Regular e-Saver now offers those looking to build their savings pot a fixed rate of 2.5 percent interest for 12 months. Those who are existing 123, Private and Select current account customers, qualify for this attractive interest rate on savings up to £200 a month. Santander customers can also get cashback on bills if they have a current account with the bank including their council tax and up to two percent cashback on energy bills. They will also receive one percent cashback on broadband, TV packages and mortgage payments. READ MORE: Pensioner 'flabbergasted' after £20,000 removed from her pension pot Meanwhile, customers can get three percent cashback on water bills. Hetal Parmar, the head of Banking at Santander UK, recently said: “Santander is the only bank to offer customers ongoing value, every single month, by paying cashback on household bills through our 1I2I3 current accounts. However, Santander isn’t currently offering a £140 bank bribe to incentivise people to switch current accounts. NatWest, HSBC and First Direct are currently offering customers £150. DON'T MISS:'I felt sick!' Retired widow loses £40,000 after looking for love [ALERT]New tax shock - families pay 60% of their income straight to HMRC [WARNING]How to have a no-spend month: 'Game-changing' savings technique [INSIGHT] Meanwhile, the Royal Bank of Scotland is giving new customers £150. Nationwide, on the other hand is offering up to £125. When it comes to choosing a new savings account, experts suggest people consider what matters to them. While interest rates and free cash are important, people should weigh up the other benefits. Experts recommend that people consider what would work best for them before choosing a new bank account. While some are happy to do their banking online, others might need a local branch. It's also a good idea to read customer reviews. Some banks have great incentives but fall down on customer service.   What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Savers should: 