Following a call between the President and Italian Prime Minister Mario Draghi, the Kremlin said Russia was prepared to make a “significant contribution to overcoming the food crisis”. But it added that such assistance was “subject to the lifting of politically motivated restrictions by the West”. The Italian Government confirmed in a statement the call between the two leaders “was dedicated to developments in Ukraine and efforts to find a common solution to the ongoing food crisis, as well as the severe repercussions for the world's poorest countries”. Fears are mounting over likely disastrous wheat shortages, with Russia and Ukraine collectively account for more than a quarter of the world’s supply. Recent analysis suggests Ukraine’s wheat production makes up 11.5 percent of the world market, while Russia’s share stands higher at 16.8 percent. Putin, quoted in the Moscow Times, has described as “unfounded” accusations that Russia is to blame for problems with global food supplies. China’s most recent crop has also been “among the worst ever this year”, according to Reuters, spelling even greater trouble for the international market. A shortage would, as the two world leaders indicated, introduce major problems to the developing world. It would also have its toll on the UK which, already experiencing a cost of living crisis, would likely see food prices going up. READ MORE: University forced to issue U-turn after rejecting Russian student He wrote in a post on Twitter: “There's a name for this: blackmail. “It's always been Putin's weapon of choice against friends and foes alike.” DON'T MISS: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION] Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] West countries banded together to impose heavy sanctions on Russia after Putin ordered his troops to move across the border into Ukraine. Some of these went so far as to surprise the Kremlin, which admitted “nobody was predicting” the employment of a particular economic measures. But reports are now emerging that, on the most part, Moscow is managing to deal with these better than US, UK and EU leaders might have hoped This came after analysis before the war which suggested Russia had succeeded in making its economy “sanction-proof”. In his call with Mr Draghi, Putin, quoted in the Moscow Times, also discussed "steps taken to ensure the safety of navigation, including the daily opening of humanitarian corridors for the exit of civilian ships from the ports of the Azov and the Black Sea”, which he said was “impeded by the Ukrainian side”.