Yellow pillows are unappealing but really common in households as they are used daily. Sweat seeps through the pillowcase and into the pillow, turning its fabric yellow. Britons should be washing their pillows once a month, but at least twice a year at the bare minimum. Fans of Mrs Hinch have taken to dedicated cleaning pages on Facebook to share their top tips for an easy and cheap way to clean pillows. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to clean her husband’s “yellow sweat” stained pillow and make it white again. Terri Haynes wrote: “How do I get my husband’s pillow white again? “It’s rather yellow from sweat. I tried a 90 wash but it was still stained.” While pillows don’t need to be washed as often as pillowcases, sheets and duvet covers, many don’t wash them at all. READ MORE: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share how to remove blood stains from pillows Those who’ve never washed their pillows before, they’ve probably turned an unappealing shade of yellow or brown by now. Stained pillows become more common during the summer months when the weather is warmer. Cosmetics, hair products and water from damp hair can also contribute to yellow staining. The majority of Mrs Hinch fans recommend using soda crystals to clean pillows. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to remove limescale from toilets - ‘cheap trick’ [COMMENT]Garden pests: ‘Most effective way’ to get rid of pigeons from gardens [EXPERT]Cleaning: ‘Great way’ to banish flies from homes - works ‘instantly’ [TIPS] Christina Stewart said: “I’ve found soaking my pillow in soda crystals and hot water before putting it into the washing machine is the easiest way to remove the stains. “It also means you don’t have to spend hours scrubbing the stains.” Lyndsey Parsons agreed: “I soaked mine in soda crystals then washed it. Came out amazing and whiter than ever.” Alison Thomas replied: “I do the same but place it in the washing machine. I let it fill with boiling water and leave overnight and then in the morning drain, then spin and then add cold water and by and push down then spin and then hang out in sunlight.” Peter Sparkes commented: “Soda crystals in the washer with the stained bedding. Hot wash. Has worked for saving our linen.” Holly Dooley said: “I soak mine in soda crystals in the bath then wash as normal, so cheap and easy.” Joanna Lee added: “Soda crystals work amazingly.” Soda crystals are cheap and act as an amazing stain remover for laundry and items around the home. It can also be used to fix crunchy towels that are suffering from limescale and detergent build-up. Plus, as the soda crystals are washing your pillows, it can also deodorise your washing machine at the same time. Britons can pick up soda crystals for as little as 80p from Sainsbury’s. Once your pillow is bright and clean, you can cover it with a waterproof pillow cover to extend its life.