In a new BBC documentary, Joe Wicks has faced his childhood and the trauma that came with his mother and father's mental health issues. Joe's mum had intense OCD and an eating disorder, whilst his father was a heroin addict who would fluctuate between sobriety and addiction. Joe Wicks: Facing My Childhood takes a look back at how Joe felt when he was a child and revealed lost memories from his first home. Speaking about his father's addiction, Joe revealed the heartbreaking ultimatum he gave in order for his father to recover fully. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press, Joe admitted that he had lapses in his memory and when looking back at his childhood, he often couldn't recall long periods of time. Touching on the relationship with his father, he explained: "I just got loads of really good memories, my dad used to drink beer and smoke weed. "But we would spend the summers in the south of France camping, and I just thought he was a fun guy, listening to Bob Marley, I just thought he was a fun dude. "I didn't see depression and anxiety, and I didn't see addiction like that. There are big gaps, where was he when I was 15 to 18? READ MORE: Colin Murray to replace Anne Robinson on Countdown in temporary role "I remember having girlfriends and them asking, 'Where is your dad?' and I couldn't explain, I didn't want to explain that my dad was a drug addict at 13 years old. "Or that he was living in Bournemouth detoxing, all these things were really tough to talk about, so that time was the hardest," he admitted. Getting emotional, Joe continued: "I blocked it out because, in the end, I got to the point where I said to him, 'I can't deal with this'. "Everyone else seemed to be facilitating it and enabling it, he (his brother Nikki) didn't stand up to him, my mum tried too. "I said, 'Dad, I can't talk to you until you are clean,' and I gave him an ultimatum, [and] maybe that helped in a way because otherwise he never hit rock bottom. "If we were all around him, he never would have thought, 'I am losing my kids', so I was the first to say, 'Look, I can't deal with it'. "He did say to me, 'That really hurt me because I realised what I was losing', and he's clean today." Touching on their relationship now, he exclaimed: "We are going on a motorbike trip next month to Spain with George, Me, Nikki and my dad. DON'T MISS...Joe Wicks 'in tears' as mum recalls OCD struggle  [INSIGHT]Keeping nation active works out as Joe Wicks gets MBE [LATEST]Joe Wicks candidly shares weight gain with followers [WATCH] "We are trying to rebuild memories, I am trying to create positive memories in the future rather than fill the gaps." During the documentary, Joe also spoke with his mum about what drove her to clean all the time obsessively and found out a shocking revelation. She revealed that she went away for five months to get herself help with the OCD and her eating disorder of bulimia, but Joe was taken back when he heard how long she was gone for. Recalling the moment, he expressed: "I remember her going away to therapy, what felt like for two weeks at 10 years old. "But it wasn't, it was five months, and I think for her to leave a one-year-old boy, George was one, with a heroin addict, how hard that must have been for her. "That was quite eye-opening for me, I would never leave my kids for five months, I would rather stay with them than go into rehab. "She knew if she didn't do that, her whole world would fall apart, and I think that was very brave." Joe Wicks: Facing My Childhood airs Monday, May 16 at 8pm on BBC One.