In recent days, Finland and Sweden have both submitted formal applications to become part of the North Atlantic Alliance, the world's most powerful military coalition. If approved, the countries will join 28 European states plus the United States, and Canada to become members of the Western security alliance. Their decision was prompted by Russia's invasion of Ukraine, which began in February and which President Putin has described as a “special military operation”. In order to become part of the alliance, there are certain requirements prospective members must meet. The BBC notes that “countries must be democracies, treat minorities fairly and commit to resolving conflicts peacefully.” In addition, NATO members are also expected to provide military support to the alliance. Finland and Sweden, which are historically neutral, need the approval of all of the current 30 members in order to join. So far, Turkey is the only member to have expressed reservations about the move. Russia has also warned the countries against joining the alliance, arguing the move would not bring stability to Europe. A spokesman, Dmitry Peskov, told journalists “the alliance remains a tool geared towards confrontation”. Columnist Rod Liddle noted Putin’s relentless onslaught on Ukraine has caused a “resurrection” of the alliance. In an op-ed piece for the Sun, he wrote: “You’ve got to hand it to Vladimir Putin – very few politicians can bring the dead back to life. READ MORE: Finland and Sweden's Nato accession ramped up as Biden escalates it “But this idiot has just about managed it, with NATO.” The journalist and associate editor of The Spectator claims that prior to the war in Ukraine, the defensive alliance “was on life support”. He claims NATO was viewed as a “creature of the past” and lacked relevance but that it had been bolstered significantly by the actions of Russian troops wreaking havoc in Ukraine. He added: “It really felt as if the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation, founded more than 70 years ago, was on its last legs. “But now look. In three short months, Putin has resurrected it.” DON'T MISS Putin mouthpiece forced to backtrack after savaging Russai military [INSIGHT] Russia state TV exploiting Ukraine war to boost global arms trade [REVEAL] Putin health: Russian leader caught retching and coughing [VIDEO] He claims seeing Finland and Sweden pledging their desire to join was “unimaginable only six months ago.” He added: “So Putin, through his maniacal savagery, has brought about the very thing he was desperate to prevent: A much stronger and expanded NATO.” NATO was formed in 1949 by 12 countries, including the US, UK, Canada and France. By being a member of the alliance, the countries also agree to come to one another's aid if they come under armed attack. Ukraine is currently not a member of the coalition, so NATO isn't obliged to come to its defence. But Finland and Sweden's applications have called into question whether membership for Ukraine could still be on the cards. Russia is resistant to eastern Europe countries joining NATO as the Kremlin would see their acceptance as the alliance encroaching on its area of political influence. Before it launched its invasion, Russia demanded that the alliance agree to halt admitting any further members. However, the invasion has led to the deployment of more NATO troops on its eastern flank and a rise in public support for Swedish and Finnish membership. Mr Peskov, a Kremlin spokesperson, said that Russia would have to “rebalance the situation” with its own measures were Sweden and Finland to join.