As house prices soar to record highs and with homes selling twice as fast as normal, now is the ideal time to sell a property and increase the value of your investment. A recent study by OnePoll.com on behalf of Foxtons revealed that it can take just eight minutes for house-hunters to know whether a property is ‘the one’. Therefore, make sure your home hits the mark with these top tips on sprucing up a house without spending a fortune. Speaking Express.co.uk, Sarah Hastings, Digital and Marketing Manager at RW4Y explained that homeowners need to focus on “preparing” their property for “viewings” as a “cheap” way to add value. She said: “To increase your property's value cheaply, you should also concentrate on preparing it for viewings. “This is called home-staging, and it involves clearing your house of clutter and making it more neutral, so that any prospective buyers can see themselves living in the space.” This is a cost-free way to also make interiors look bigger. READ MORE: ‘Effective’ ways to boost the value of your home - and what to avoid Buyers need to feel that there’s ample space for their possessions, so this is a step that’s always worth taking. Sarah also advised: “Remove personal items too and avoid overly unique decorative features. “Bright or dark colours and clashing décor might deter potential offers.” As homeowners tidy things away before a viewing, they need to think whether they really need to put them back. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to get rid of slugs in homes using salt - ‘cheapest way’ [COMMENT]Lawn task you should ‘never’ do - ‘complete waste of time, energy a... [EXPERT]Oven cleaning: ‘The right technique’ to clean oven door glass properly [TIPS] Focusing on individual rooms or areas, and categorising items based on whether you want to sell them, donate them or throw them away will help. Ensuring that a property has “double glazing” and “adequate insulation” is a “great way” to up its value, according to the property guru. Sarah explained that while it can be costly to install, it is a “much cheaper and simpler option” than large home renovations. She said: “Double glazing is fast becoming expected across the board by prospective home buyers, and it will also make the house more energy efficient, which will contribute to it becoming a more attractive investment. “Installing double glazing in any windows that lack it is a much cheaper and simpler option than large home renovations (such as extensions or swimming pools) and can make a tangible difference when putting your house on the market, so it's definitely worth considering.” Research has illustrated that the average value of a home can increase by 10 percent with a new double glazing installation. Buyers will be more likely to buy a home with newer windows, as they won’t need to replace them themselves. With more people conscious of saving money on their energy bills as well as reducing their CO2 input, energy efficiency is a top priority for house hunters. Getting planning permission is also a relatively cheap way to add property value to any home, says Sarah. She said: “You might not realise that getting planning permission adds to the value of your property even if you don't actually build anything. “It should only cost you around £170 to apply for planning permission to add an extension, and once this is completed it can be added to the information you give to people about your home. “They will then know that adding an extension is an option and all the permissions are in place prior to them even putting in an offer on the property. “So, buyers may be willing to spend a little more for the convenience and peace of mind.”