The 96-year-old monarch was unable to deliver the speech due to ongoing mobility problems so summoned her eldest son and future king for the task instead, causing some people to speculate whether she has passed on the baton. Prince Charles stepped in for his mother at the State Opening of Parliament today (May 10). It is the first time the Queen has missed the traditional ceremony in almost six decades, and the first time Charles has read the speech in place of the monarch. Mr Jobson said: "Make no mistake, what we were witnessing today at the State Opening of Parliament is hugely significant in the story of the House of Windsor. "As he addressed the assembled politicians, informing them of the Government’s plans for the next session, with his son the Duke of Cambridge watching on, one couldn’t help thinking the Queen — unable to attend due to ongoing mobility problems — was passing on the baton".  It was announced just one day before the ceremony that the Queen wouldn't be attending. In a statement, Buckingham Palace said: "The Queen continues to experience episodic mobility problems, and in consultationwith her doctors has reluctantly decided that she will not attend the state opening of parliament tomorrow.” It comes after the Queen has had to miss a number of royal events since October 2021, when she was hospitalised. READ MORE:Platinum Jubilee quiz questions and answers - test your knowledge Since then, she has been forced to pull out of a number of key events including Cop26, Remembrance Sunday and the Commonwealth Day service. Writing in the Evening Standard, Mr Jobson said the Queen "should not have to continually wait to issue statements about 'will she, won’t she' be at a particular event. It is neither right nor proper". It has been reported that her attendance at events is now being decided on a case-by-case basis. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry 'lashed out' at paparazzi after 'pleading' to be alone [INSIGHT]Queen's absence from Parliament saddens fans 'not ready' for future [COMMENT]Queen 'not putting her feet up' as she 'maintains busy diary' [ANALYSIS] The royal expert added: "She will remain our Queen but she should not be expected to continue to carry out the mentally taxing and physical demands required of a constitutional head of state. "Charles, 73, is the best prepared monarch in waiting ever. He is a man of vision. He is, like his mother, dedicated and dutiful. "At 96, the Queen should be free to relax and spend time doing exactly what she pleases. She deserves the chance to step aside while retaining her crown, and let Charles take the reins in the twilight of her illustrious reign. "The end of her jubilee celebrations might be the right time to do that." 