Rihanna Fenty, 34, has given birth to a baby boy, according to reports. The We Found Love singer was expecting her first child with her rapper boyfriend A$AP Rocky, 33. It’s reported the star gave birth on May 13, and the proud new parents have not yet confirmed the name of their tot. Rihanna announced her pregnancy news in January with a stunning photoshoot in New York with her boyfriend of two years. A$AP Rocky confirmed his and Rihanna’s relationship last year describing her as “the love of [his] life". The pair have known each other for almost a decade, but it reportedly didn’t turn romantic until 2020. He has previously said of his partner: “She amounts to probably, like, a million of the other ones. I think when you know, you know. She’s the one.” Fans speculated Rihanna was pregnant in November last year after she reportedly asked staff not to smoke around her when she attended Barbados’ presidential inauguration, where she was honoured. After donning several stunning outfits showing off her bump, the beauty mogul revealed she was intending to “redefine what is decent” in pregnancy. She said: "I’m hoping that we were able to redefine what’s considered ‘decent’ for pregnant women. "My body is doing incredible things right now, and I’m not going to be ashamed of that. This time should feel celebratory. "Because why should you be hiding your pregnancy?” she questioned. The star revealed how she firmly ruled out maternity wear upon finding out she is expecting, adding that she derives "too much fun" from expressing herself through fashion. She said: "When I found out I was pregnant, I thought to myself, There’s no way I’m going to go shopping in no maternity aisle.” In September 2021, Rihanna and A$AP Rocky made their red carpet debut at the Met Gala, where Rihanna has modelled some of her most iconic outfits. Rihanna has dated some high-profile men in the past including Saudi businessman Hassan Jameel, whom she was with for three years from 2017. She also dated professional baseball player Matt Kemp from January to December 2010. The star's fans have already flocked to send her their congratulations. Jackielyn tweeted: "Congratulations @rihanna for giving birth to a healthy baby boy @asaprocky". Edmund wtote: "Congratulations to Rihanna on her first child. A bouncing baby boy... Already you can tell that he’s a lucky lucky boy." Ariel added: "Ohh my god!! Congratulations to the new parents ... I’m so happy for them ... Gosh I love Rihanna so much". Takecarenova penned: "Congratulations are in order for Rihanna & A$AP! I’m so happy for them and their bundle of joy."