Gisele Bündchen, 41, has discussed one of the most “traumatising” moments of her career. The Brazilian fashion model explained how she burst into tears at an Alexander McQueen fashion show in 1998.  The star said that it was the skimpy, breast-baring outfit she had to wear which caused her to cry.  Gisele was only 18 at the time when she made her debut at London fashion week.  She admits that the experience was one of her darker memories from throughout her decades-long career.  The icon spoke about the runway experience in a new interview for British Vogue. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman praised after rescuing stranded hiker on mountain Gisele, who is married to NFL superstar Tom Brady, shared her feelings about the experience. She said: “This was one of the most traumatising moments,” Gisele recalled. The model added: “I didn't have a fitting so when I showed up at the show, I was like, ‘So what am I wearing?’ “I could say a few words [in English at the time] but I didn't understand half the things, [so] I just pretended I understood.  “I had no clue. And I was like, "Is it a T-shirt or something?"  “No, it was this. So I started crying.”  Her upset also affected the makeup artist at the show, who she claimed asked her to stop crying so it didn’t ruin the look.  “I had these feathers attached to my lashes so as I was crying they were ungluing and the makeup artist was like, 'Please don't cry!'" she said. DON'T MISS... Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker steal Met Gala spotlight [PICS]Brooklyn Beckham shirtless as Nicola Peltz dares to bare at Met Gala [LATEST]Anne Hegerty reacts to Mark Labbett's The Chase replacement [INSIGHT] She added that while she was walking, all she could think of was that she hoped her father didn’t see the photos. Gisele explained that it was a powerful learning experience and something that made her stronger. She then went on to share her frustration at how dozens of staff and designers refused to look at her book because she didn’t fit into the “heroin chic” aesthetic, which was popular in fashion at the time. The star said that she didn’t speak fluent English at the time and it was her first show season in London, and she did 42 castings. In her 2019 memoir, Lessons: My Path to a Meaningful Life, Gisele detailed her horror at seeing the outfit she was going to have to wear for the show. It saw her modelling three different looks, with one that required her to be topless. Ultimately, Gisele decided to sign with Victoria’s Secret in 2000 because of the salary she was offered. She revealed it was the most amount of money she had ever made in her career. See the full feature in the June issue of British Vogue available via digital download and on newsstands from Tuesday 24th May.