For the past six years, Scottish actor Sam Heughan has been better known to Starz viewers as the strong-willed Highland warrior, Jamie Fraser, the husband of time-travelling heroine Claire (played by Caitriona Balfe). However, the Outlander star has recently admitted his acting career had some rather humble beginnings. Sam has revealed an early audition for a stage role might be the biggest regret of his career so far. Before landing his star-making role as Jamie, the Outlander star took on small roles in BBC dramas such as River City and Party Animals, and ITV series Rebus and Midsomer Murders. His career took a step forward when he portrayed Scott Nielson in 21 episodes of BBC’s Doctors, five years before landing his most iconic TV gig to date. Since taking on the role first created by author Diana Gabaldon, Sam doesn’t believe there have been many regretful moments of his career just yet. READ MORE: Ozark season 4 theory: Jonah actually shot Wendy as fans spot key clue “I don’t think I do have any career regrets,” he said. “There’ve been jobs that I wish I had got or auditions that I wished I’d been better at…” However, Sam recently revealed the low point of his career was actually an unsuccessful audition for a role away from the screen. Sam recalled: “Biggest career regret was probably auditioning at the Donmar Warehouse, many years ago." “They gave me a day or a weekend to prep a Welsh accent. I just failed miserably.” The Donmar Warehouse is a small, non-profit theatre in London which has nevertheless developed a stellar reputation for its classic and contemporary programming. It has attracted talents like Ewan McGregor and Nicole Kidman, and was originally helmed by Skyfall filmmaker Sam Mendes as artistic director. Unfortunately, the Scottish star struggled with the demanding requirements of his would-be role for what he suspects was an adaptation of a Dylan Thomas play. DON'T MISS:The Flight Attendant’s abusive father ‘like a real dad’ between scenes [INSIGHT]Yellowstone season 5: Cole Hauser sparks frenzy as filming begins [LATEST]Why Sally Rooney 'wasn't as involved' in Normal People follow-up [INTERVIEW] “I don’t remember,” he added. “I think it was Under Milk Wood but I’m not sure.” Despite his unpleasant experience with the Donmar, Sam revealed he still has plans to eventually return to the stage, perhaps after Outlander has run its course. “I started in theatre, I’d love to go back to theatre,” he explained to Square Mile. “I recently saw James McAvoy in Cyrano and he was brilliant. I know James from drama school and he was my mentor. I saw him onstage at drama school and to see him there is kind of an amazing journey. I feel like I’ve got it in me as well.” Sam’s last theatrical appearance was in a 2012 production of Shakespeare’s King John in Glasgow. He has also performed in The Talented Mr. Ripley, The Vortex and other Shakespeare classics across Scotland and England, and even portrayed Batman for the touring show Batman Live. Beyond the stage and small screen, fans could also expect to see the Outlander heartthrob start appearing across multiplexes sometime very soon. “I’d love to do some movies,” he added. “I’ve done some interesting ones but I’d love to do more. Big budget movies and maybe some intimate ones as well.” He’s already set to appear in the 2023 rom-com It's All Coming Back to Me, though the blockbusters may have to wait for now while Sam and the cast finish work on the seventh season of Outlander. Outlander seasons 1-6 are available on Starz in the USA and StarzPlay in the UK.