Parades, pomp and pageantry will have some 19 million of us out in restaurants, bars and pubs - letting our hair down and raising a glass to Her Majesty. The extended four-day bank holiday will see an average spend of £79 a head, boosting the coffers of hard-pressed landlords and restaurateurs still struggling in the wake of Covid-19. The North of England is predicted to head the spree with Leeds tipped to be the biggest spenders followed by London and Bristol. Danilo Mangano, boss of hospitality specialists Seven Rooms, said: "After more than two years of restrictions and challenges, it is clear that people are now keen to celebrate the Jubilee in style." Consumers are willing to spend more on unique out-of-the-box experiences. This reflects the desire for that something special. With many venues going the extra mile this bank holiday, restaurants that know their customers best and tailor menus for special events will reap the benefits of the appetite for outstanding hospitality experiences. Extra money will be lavished on street parties, souvenirs, events and tourism plus a host of other Jubilee activities that will boost the overall economy by £6.7billion. The upbeat report, from discount site VoucherCodes.co.uk, reveals merrymakers are expected to lay out £2.25billion in supermarkets and £61million on Royal memorabilia and Union Jack decorations. Meanwhile, retail spending over the weekend is set to hit £3.47billion. Angus Drummond, senior director at VoucherCodes, said: "The forecasted boost in sales will be welcome news for the retail sector." "After recent reports of consumers being forced to cut back on spending, shopping from those celebrating this historical event will be well received." Saturday is forecast to be the busiest day for the high street with Friday's figures not far behind. It is predicted people will stump up £39 more per head in pubs and restaurants than they normally would - an increase of almost 50 percent. Establishments with themed menus and activities could draw in an additional £221million, or an extra £11.67 per head. Buckingham Palace and St Paul's Cathedral will be at the epicentre of the celebrations with people flooding into London, according to travel research engine trivago. England's capital made up more than half of searches for the top 10 destinations in the UK for the Jubilee. And the demand for rooms has pushed the average price for a double in a hotel up by nine percent over the weekend from £169.60 to £184.54 per night. The holiday is predicted to draw in 2.6 million domestic and international tourists to London, according to research from New West End Company. Dee Corsi, from the business management group, said that the West End would be "transformed" by street parties, pageants and Her Majesty's Birthday Parade on Thursday. Patricia Yates, chief executive of tourist board VisitEngland, said: "Businesses will be very pleased to welcome you back. From afternoon teas and street parties to beacon lighting ceremonies, people are set to celebrate with friends and neighbours in royal style." High streets will see consumer visits rise by 10 percent with footfall at shopping centres up seven percent and retail parks up four percent, analysis by business intelligence specialist Springboard suggests. Visits to all UK destinations rose by 2.3 percent last week compared to the previous seven days. When matched to the same period last year, footfall was 16.9 percent up across all destinations. Diane Wehrle, insights director at Springboard, says: "With just a modest rise in footfall last week, we are anticipating a boost this week generated by the Jubilee and combined with the school half-term break." "This is likely to be supported by weather that is forecast to be sunny on Thursday and Friday."