Sky Sports pundit and former WBO cruiserweight champion Johnny Nelson has given his verdict on what could be next for Deontay Wilder. In an interview with IFL TV, Nelson revealed four names that he believes would be ideal future opponents for the Bronze Bomber. He said: “Of course, you would say Anthony Joshua. I would say someone like Ruiz, I would say someone like Usyk. I would say someone like Dillian Whyte, these fights are there.” Besides the obvious star power that these top 10 heavyweight contenders bring to the table, Nelson is adamant that each of them presented genuine ‘problems’. “They are the ones that give him problems,” said Nelson. “What he has lacked in skill, he has made up for in power, so when he comes up against someone as big as him that has got the reach like he has, that is where he has struggled. So, the AJ fight would be great -- if he went up against someone like Usyk that has got the skill and is used to negating it, then great -- styles make fights.” READ MORE: Dillian Whyte says he'll '100 per cent' win world title post-Fury loss Wilder has been out of the ring since October 2021 when he was knocked out in the eleventh round by fierce rival Tyson Fury. After the fight, there was some speculation over whether he would ever box again, but the former WBC heavyweight champion confirmed last week that he will be returning to the ring in the near future. At the unveiling of his bronze statue in his native Tuscaloosa, Alabama, the Bronze Bomber revealed that he is ready to box again. He said: "I can't stop right here. I must continue my journey. I have to, I have to. I'm looking to resume my career for sure. I've got a lot of other things I've got to get out of the way. “I'm taking away from my children if I come back because now, I'm able to enjoy my life fully like I want to. I sacrificed so much to be in this position in my life, to be able to live my life like I want for the rest of my life." Wilder has not revealed a date or an opponent, but is still ranked No 3 in the world by Ring Magazine and is yet to face many of the sport’s top contenders. With Fury announcing his retirement after defeating Whyte last month, Wilder could be first in line to fight for the WBC strap in 2022.