The Russian President met Sergey Chemezov, the head of state-owned defence company Rostec, on Wednesday. A clip broadcast on Russian state TV showed Putin holding the desk with one hand during the meeting, while he clears his throat several times. It comes amid questions over the Russian leader's health in recent months. He fuelled speculation over his health when he was seen with a blanket on his lap during Victory Day celebrations in Moscow earlier this month. Journalist John Sweeney, who has been reporting from Ukraine, tweeted: "Vladimir Putin - a blanket on his knees, his cheeks full, a hamster stuffed with steroids - cuts a weak and enfeebled figure as Russian Army rolls past the Kremlin. "No declaration of big war; no call-up; no General Gerasimov. Listen: you can hear the knives being sharpened." Former head of the British Army Lord Dannatt said Putin looked "puffy" and did not appear to be "moving freely". Lord Dannatt told Sky News: "I was really just commenting on how President Putin looked. "He doesn't seem to be moving as freely and as easily as one has seen him do to in the past. "I think we've all commented that, actually, he looked pretty puffy around the face. "I don't know how well or how unwell he is, there's people circulating rumours he's got cancer of some sort. I don't know. "But if he goes under a bus, metaphorically or realistically, will the replacement be any better?" In the past, Putin has tried to project a strongman image with pictures released of the bare-chested Russian President fishing and horse riding. It comes after Putin launched his brutal invasion of Ukraine in February. Moscow has been forced to switch the focus of its offensive to the eastern region of the Donbas - which was already part-held by pro-Moscow separatists - after their advance on Kyiv was pushed back. In the latest blow to Putin, Finland and Sweden have applied to join the Nato military alliance. Prime Minister Boris Johnson said: "This is an historic day for our alliance and the world. "Not long ago nobody would have predicted this step, but Putin's appalling ambitions have transformed the geopolitical contours of our continent. "I look forward to welcoming Finland and Sweden into the NATO family very soon." 