Fans of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex showed their unwavering support following news Netflix has axed, amid a wider cost-cutting move - Pearl, the animated series Archewell Productions was developing with Meghan and David Furnish as two of the show's executive producers. The show had been announced last summer and was still in its development stage. The sad news for Archewell and Meghan prompted fans of the Sussexes on Twitter to suggest offering Pearl elsewhere. Twitter user Erikk_the_Dane2 wrote: "I'm sure Meghan and Archewell will be able to strike a deal to produce animated/children's programming with Disney Plus or another streamer. "Plus Archewell just might focus more on adult-oriented programming like documentaries, tv series, tv movies, etc. which will be great too." Similarly, HollineCat said: "There is surely another platform that will surely want to take over Meghan's Pearl". Another, Dr_JJohn said: "It’ll find a home elsewhere. Everything works for good in time. "The way Netflix carrying on - seems like a huge portion of their audience is starting to get ticked off." And 23Stanzas wrote: "Ouch but it's business. Projects released like this can still be developed and sold elsewhere. "Let's see what Meghan and David want to do. Meanwhile, excited for the next 2 Archewell releases: Archetypes and Heart of Invictus. Keep going." READ MORE: Meghan and Harry savaged as Netflix's 'biggest mistake' In recent years, Meghan and Harry have collaborated with a number of streaming giants. In April 2020, Disney+ released Elephant, a nature documentary voiced by the Duchess of Sussex. Meghan, who had travelled to Botswana with Harry in 2017 to work for a few days with the organisation Elephants Without Borders, donated the proceeds from this project to charity. In May last year, Apple TV+ released a mental health series co-created by Prince Harry and Oprah Winfrey. Moreover, as announced in late 2020, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex signed a multi-year deal with audio streaming giant Spotify to create audio content and podcasts. Pearl, which would have shown the adventures of a 12-year-old girl being inspired by leading women throughout history, is not the only animated series to have been axed by Netflix. The platform also scratched two children's shows already in production - Dino DayCare and Boons and Curses. In April, Netflix revealed to have experienced in the first three months of this year a sharp fall in subscribers and said to be expecting some two million users to leave the platform by July. Meghan and Harry announced they had struck a deal with Netflix in September 2020 to create an array of scripted series, docu-series, documentaries, features and children’s programming. The only project Archewell Productions, the video powerhouse part of Meghan and Harry's organisation Archewell, is known to be working on at the moment is Heart of Invictus, a docu-series focused on a group of Invictus Games competitors. Part of the filming for this documentary is believed to have taken place at The Hague last month, where the Invictus Games 2020 took place. As noted by one of Meghan and Harry's fans on Twitter, the axing of Pearl didn't leave Meghan's free from work. The Duchess is working on Archetypes, a podcast series to debut this summer. In a teaser trailer released in April, Meghan can be heard describing Archetypes as "the podcast where we dissect, explore and subvert the labels that try to hold women back. "I’ll have conversations with women who know all too well how these typecasts shape our narratives and I’ll talk to historians to understand how we even got here in the first place."