Ofgem announced earlier this week that the energy price cap is to rise another 30 percent this October. This news comes just a month after it increased by a huge 54 percent in April. Families’ energy bills are set to rise by the hundreds, or thousands, but are there other ways to heat your home? For some, investing in new heating solutions may not be a viable option if gas is cheaper. But, according to the experts at Electric Radiators Digest, several benefits come with ditching gas and switching to greener energy options. The biggest advantage is that doing so will lower your home’s carbon footprint and minimise energy waste. It could also, in the long run, save you money. READ MORE: Why you 'should never' make your bed in the morning - 'leave it messy' Stephen Hankinson, Managing Director at Electric Radiators Direct, shared his advice on what to consider before making the switch to a greener, more sustainable energy provider. He said: “It could be helpful to consider the long-term benefits of ditching gas, and plan ahead for a switchover in small steps. “Although gas is a cheap energy source per unit, there are other options that can work out less expensive in the long run and are also better for the planet. “Electricity for example is more expensive per unit, but electric heating is 100 percent efficient at its point of use, which means that every watt of electricity you use is converted into heat, and nothing goes to waste. DON'T MISS: Homes Under the Hammer buyer spends £27k to boost flat value by £71k [VIDEO]Does vinegar really kill weeds? The 'key time to apply' [EXPERT]Aldi shoppers love ‘BBQ worthy’ drinks dispenser for £12.99 [SHOP] “Gas central heating, however, sustains system losses, which naturally occur at the point of combustion, as well as across the pipe network,” Stephen added. “Up to 50 percent of the heat produced by a gas boiler can be lost through the pipes, especially if they’re not well insulated. “This means you end up paying for warmth that you aren’t actually benefiting from.” So, what are the alternatives to gas? Heat pumps The Government is offering help and grants to encourage the nation to install low carbon heating systems, including heat pumps. Heat pumps work by taking the heat from outside a property, either from the surrounding ground or the air, and transferring it indoors. They are highly efficient and could also be used to cool down the house in warmer months. Typically, air source heat pumps cost around £8,000 to install, while ground source pumps, which extract solar energy from the earth and convert it into power, can be closer to £35,000 for a two to a three-bedroom house. Even with Government help, the total cost to install could be around £3,000 for an air source heat pump, and £30,000 for a ground source heat pump. This is a huge investment, but in the long run, it could save households money on bills, depending on how many years they live in their home, and it could even increase the value of their property. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Biomass boilers Biomass boilers are another carbon-free heating solution the Government is offering grants for, as part of the new scheme to encourage Britons to move away from gas. These use materials such as wood pellets or logs to create heat, making them a good option for rural homes, and for those able to source suitable matter that can be turned into fuel. On average, they can cost between £5,000 and £13,000 to install, but are not very expensive to run as the cost of fuel needed is around £5p per Kw/h. Electric radiators As an efficient and effective heating solution already used in many British homes, electric radiators are yet another great alternative. They supply heat through a combination of convection and radiation and can also be paired with a green energy tariff for completely carbon neutral heating. Green energy suppliers can also replace the electricity you use with renewables and feed it back into the National Grid, making your home heating carbon free. In terms of costs, electric radiators can fall between £200 and £550 per unit, depending on wattage and model. They generally have no installation fees and could cost around £1,220 collectively to run for an average three-bedroom home. Infrared heaters Infrared heaters are a good solution if your home is not perfectly insulated. Instead of warming the surrounding air like convection heaters, they produce 100 percent radiant heat that travels in a wave. As a result, they heat surfaces directly, reducing the chance of warmth being lost to draughts. They generally have a lower wattage compared to radiators, which means they use less electricity, but may need to run for longer if your home is very spacious or poorly insulated. Infrared heaters cost between £200 and £500 per unit and are generally up to £615 to run collectively. Stephen stressed that it’s always worth noting that “running costs and potential savings for each solution vary based on a number of factors”. “This includes the size and location of your home, as well as insulation, so it’s always advisable to consult a professional before you make your final decision,” he added.