The airline has been battling with staff shortages as the travel industry restarts after restrictions. easyJet will now carry a maximum of 150 passengers on its flights. easyJet said the plan should help the airline to operate its flights with more certainty in the coming months. Julia Lo Bue-Said of the Advantage Travel Partnership, told Express.co.uk: “Easyjet resorting to stripping out seats prevents them from having to cancel flights and keeps their capacity for this summer close to 2019 levels avoiding unnecessary flight cancellations helping consumers and travel agents manage demand for overseas travel.” If airlines are only carrying 150 passengers, they can fly with three crew instead of four on the plane. READ MORE: Britons must check passports today for summer holidays easyJet and BA were forced to cut hundreds of flights from their schedule last month due to staff shortages. Many staff left the travel industry during the pandemic and experts predict difficulties could persist for 12 months. Julia told Express.co.uk: “I think the issue of staff shortages is likely to continue for a while,but I do believe the industry is working innovatively to address matters outside of its control so passengers can continue to look forward to that trip overseas. “Booking through a travel agent of course gives you added security and peace of mind should changes to travel plans occur.” Passengers will have more security for their booking if they organise their holiday with a travel agent. Britons could also face short delays on European flights due to a new air system being implemented in France. Some planes will have to be rerouted while the new system in France is established this year. Aviation expert John Strickland told Express.co.uk: “Some flights which would normally use French airspace will have to be rerouted while the new system is implemented. “This will be carefully planned and while some delays may be possible, I would expect modest impact.” Britons have faced chaos at Manchester and Birmingham airports as the industry struggles to cope with staff shortages. Although airlines have made efforts to recruit more staff for the summer season, it can be tricky to find new security employees. Airport security staff need a high level of clearance to ensure safety which can be a lengthy process. Passengers are advised to travel to the airport with plenty of time to spare if they want to avoid unnecessary delays. British tourists will also need to check their passport is still valid before travelling to the EU this summer. Britons need to have at least three months left on their passport after the end date of their holiday in the EU.