Kira Rudik, leader of the Golos party, told GB News that if Ukraine went into "peaceful negotiations" there would be doubt that Putin would keep his side of the bargain. Host Nigel Farage started by asking Ms Rudik if this was now "literally a war to the end".  He asked the Ukrainian politician: "How does this end? "I know your leader has said there can be no negotiations until Russians completely leave Ukrainian soil. "So is this now literally a war to the very end, to the death?" Ms Rudik the former CEO of Ring Ukraine said that after eight years of war with Putin there was no chance of negotiations.  She said: "Yes, but the question is if, for example, we went into peaceful negotiations. "Who is this person or group of leaders who will assure us that Putin will keep his part of the bargain? "We have been at war with him for eight years and I could tell you as Russian as he did he never did that. "He's known for never keeping his part of the deal." READ MORE: Andrew Neil shuts down Rail union chief in tense strike row - WATCH  Mr Farage interjected and asked if there wasn't any possibility of negotiations even if it came through the West or the Middle East. He said: "I understand that and you know in the early 1940s we took the view that the leader of Germany was not a man we could negotiate with. "But in normal circumstances, you know Churchill, one of Churchill's great sayings 'jaw jaw is better than war war'. "That you should have negotiations, there should be back channels. DON'T MISS:  EU Summit: VDL battered down in oil ban row with nations [REVEAL] EU Brexit chief heads to Berlin as bitter Scholz blocks UK demands [INSIGHT] ‘Biggest Brexit betrayal’ Farage blasts Boris over ‘record migration' [SPOTLIGHT]  "I'll tell you what I've been thinking. "I know Macron has been speaking to Putin, the American President, well he's not playing a leadership role of any kind. "Shouldn't we at least, shouldn't the West at least or it could be somebody from the Middle East I don't know. "Shouldn't somebody keep lines of communication open to Putin.?" Ms Rudik responded that it would be "useless" to do so as Putin never keeps his promises. She said: "They can do it, it's just useless in my opinion. "For eight years we have been fighting a war with him on our eastern territories."For eight years he was promising those Western leaders, including Macron, including Presidents of the United States, he's keeping the ceasefire and he's not. "So what's the point then?" 