Sergio Perez drove into a pigeon during the final practice session at the Monaco Grand Prix. Images show a Red Bull colliding into the pigeon on the exit of the tricky Casino Square corner during yesterday afternoon’s session. Perez’s car was identified as the culprit due to its yellow T-Bar on the top of the car, whereas Max Verstappen’s is black. Onboard footage from the Mexican’s car also recorded the moment of impact. The pigeon is seen desperately trying to fly away as the car approaches but is struck seconds later. Social media users raised concerns over whether the car was damaged in the accident but Perez was fine to continue in all of Saturday’s sessions. One user said: “Is this why Checo pulled something out his car at one point? Oh my.” @TWVer added: “Checo is braking for no one.” READ MORE: Max Verstappen 'irritated' at Sergio Perez and makes foul play hint The incident happened just hours before qualifying where Perez managed to beat Verstappen to line up third on the grid. The Mexican had set the early pace in qualifying and there was hope he could challenge the Ferraris. However, he spun at turn eight on his final run and smashed into the barriers, ending any chance of going for pole. Moments later, Carlos Sainz also spun at the same corner and collided with the Red Bull which blocked the track and brought out a red flag. After the session, Perez blamed cold tyres as the reason behind his late crash. DON'T MISSSergio Perez and Carlos Sainz crash in qualifying at Monaco Grand Prix [INSIGHT]Sergio Perez sends clear message to Christian Horner  [ANALYSIS]Red Bull punished by stewards after FP1 incident at Monaco Grand Prix [COMMENT] He said: “I knew the timed lap in Q3 was very important but the outlap was even more so, with people not respecting the delta and so I ended up in the final sector with tyres that were too cold and I nearly lost it in turn one. I was thinking the tyre would pick up grip and warm up but it just didn’t and it’s a big shame what happened. “I was losing lap time in turn eight so I tried to anticipate the corner very early but it just didn’t work and while, it is frustrating to end the day like this, we have still qualified in the top three in Monaco. I am very sorry for my team, it is going to be a long night for them but hopefully we can recover and be back tomorrow.”