Kate Middleton was spotted wearing a new diamond brooch when she stepped out to attend the Anzac Day service earlier this week. Diamond experts at Steven Stone Jewellers took a closer look at the Duchess of Cambridge’s piece of jewellery and suggested a hidden meaning behind its design. Kate rarely wears brooches unless it’s a formal occasion. For Anzac Day she opted for a new brooch, a small diamond fern which looked extremely similar to the design featured on her sister, Pippa Middleton's, wedding tiara. The jewellery experts also said it was similar to Queen Elizabeth's New Zealand fern brooch. But it resembled a miniature version of the larger piece gifted to the Queen by the Mayor of Auckland in 1953. Taking a close look at these key pieces, Steven Stone's leading jewellery expert Zack Stone presented his analysis. READ MORE: Sophie Wessex stuns in £325 dress and Jimmy Choo platform sandals Kate rarely wears brooches unless it’s a formal occasion. For Anzac Day she opted for a new brooch, a small diamond fern which looked extremely similar to the design featured on her sister, Pippa Middleton's, wedding tiara. The jewellery experts also said it was similar to Queen Elizabeth's New Zealand fern brooch. But it resembled a miniature version of the larger piece gifted to the Queen by the Mayor of Auckland in 1953. Taking a close look at these key pieces, Steven Stone's leading jewellery expert Zack Stone presented his analysis. Kate's fern brooch is said to have an estimated value of £5,000. Her sister, Pippa’s wedding tiara, on the other hand, is said to have an estimated value of £20,000. The Queen's New Zealand Fern brooch is said to be the most expensive out of the three, valued at £25,000. Zack Stone, Managing Director at Steven Stone, said: "Kate Middleton's brooch features a stunning fern design, very similar to the tiara worn by her sister, Pippa, on her wedding day. DON'T MISS...How to make money: Secret cash hiding in your wardrobe [VIDEO]Gardening: How to re-seed a lawn for thick grass - step by step guide [EXPERT]Kate and William 'more in love’ now than when they first got engaged [COMMENT] Kate's fern brooch is said to have an estimated value of £5,000. Her sister, Pippa’s wedding tiara, on the other hand, is said to have an estimated value of £20,000. The Queen's New Zealand Fern brooch is said to be the most expensive out of the three, valued at £25,000. Zack Stone, Managing Director at Steven Stone, said: "Kate Middleton's brooch features a stunning fern design, very similar to the tiara worn by her sister, Pippa, on her wedding day. “It also resembles Queen Elizabeth's New Zealand fern brooch, which Kate has previously loaned. “Not only could Kate's new brooch be a sentimental tribute to her family members, but it could also hold another meaning. “In New Zealand, ferns are believed to symbolise strength and endurance, along with light and guidance." Kate wears brooches for special occasions, and almost always, there is a connection to the event she is attending. During a visit to Bletchley Park in 2019, Kate wore an understated pin. As an ode to her grandmother Valerie Glassborow who worked at Bletchley, Kate's pin was made to look like a rotor from the famous Enigma Machine. The Shamrock Brooch has been worn by royal family members for decades, but since 2011, Kate has exclusively worn it. She pins it on her green coat every St. Patrick’s Day when she participates in the century-old tradition of presenting shamrocks to the Irish Guards. One brooch that’s origins remains a mystery is the Duchess of Cambridge’s Oak Leaf Acorn Brooch. The diamond brooch represents the Middleton family’s coat of arms and features three acorns on an oak leaf stem representing the three Middleton children – Catherine, Phillipa and James. Kate was seen wearing the brooch in 2012 during the Diamond Jubilee celebrations for the first time.