Former Manchester United defender Rio Ferdinand has claimed that Steve McClaren joining Erik ten Hag’s staff at Old Trafford will be a positive appointment for the new manager. Ferdinand, 43, did not work with McClaren during his time at Manchester United, but was coached by him on international duty with England and was full of praise for the man expected to become a coach under Ten Hag. Ferdinand told the Vibe With FIVE podcast: “I think he’s coming in as maybe a coach, a shoulder to lean on, somebody who can give advice at the right time and maybe eyes and ears. In terms of judging him from his management in years gone by, I think it is probably irrelevant. “What you do get with Steve McClaren is somebody who is a football man, loves the game, is so enthusiastic and meticulous. He cares about the details, not just from a football point of view but mentally and he understands what it takes at Manchester United to win, that’s important. “I think he will be a good addition, what is good for Ten Hag is that they have already got a relationship from before which is pure, and he will be able to steer him in the right direction because I don’t care who you are or where you come from, when you come to Manchester United, especially if you haven’t been at a club like that of that stature and that size, Ajax are a big club in all due respect but they’re not the size of Manchester United. “So when you do come into the door here, it takes a bit of getting used to, so to have that little bit of help immediately I think is a real good decision.” McClaren previously worked with ten Hag at FC Twente, where the former England manager won the Eredivisie title at the club. McClaren joined United first in 1999 as assistant manager to Alex Ferguson, replacing Brian Kidd. He was alongside Ferguson when Ole Gunnar Solskjaer scored the winning goal in the Champions League final to seal the treble. He later went on to assist the legendary Scottish manager in their 1999/00 and 2000/01 Premier League titles. McClaren worked with Ferdinand when the former was appointed England manager in 2006, but only lasted 18 games in 16 months before being replaced by Sam Allardyce. McClaren joined Twente in 2008 and won the Eredivisie in the 2009/10 season. Ten Hag was McClaren’s assistant at Twente in the 2008/09 season, where they secured a second place finish in the table behind champions AZ.