Amber Heard has testified in court about an alleged sexual assault she claims Johnny Depp committed. Sobbing, she claimed he penetrated her with a glass bottle - something he has denied. Amber claimed to the court Johnny pinned her to the countertop of a bar in their home, and that she couldn’t breathe. She said she looked into his eyes and saw only “black”, not the man she loved. "I'm looking in his eyes and I don't see him anymore, it wasn't him, it was black,” she said in evidence. “I've never been so scared in my life." She added: “He got on top of me and was pushing on my throat at one point.” The Aquaman actress told her lawyer she felt “pressure” in her public bone, and that it felt like something “square”. She also said she hoped it wasn’t broken, and claimed she thought he wouldn’t know where it was or not, because he had taken so many drugs. Johnny has admitted to taking drugs during their relationship but has maintained he was never violent towards Amber. “Johnny had the bottle inside of me and was shoving it inside me over and over again,” she told her lawyer during direct examination. “My forearms were cut, the bottoms of my feet were sliced up pretty good. I had a bruise across my jaw, I suppose from one of the many times he clocked me in the face downstairs.” Amber continued to claim in court that she was trapped behind the bar area while Johnny threw bottles and cans of soda at her. She said she managed to escape to a bathroom to get away from Johnny. The court were shown photographs of the bar area after the incident is said to have taken place, with broken glass and blood on the floor. Johnny gave his version of events earlier in the defamation trial, claiming Amber was throwing bottles at him, one of which smashed and severed his finger. He admits writing messages on the walls in his blood afterwards. Johnny is suing Amber for defamation for a 2018 op ed she wrote in the Washington Post where she said she was a victim of domestic violence, as he says he was the implied abuser. Earlier today, Amber told the court Johnny “kicked her to the ground” during an aeroplane flight. “My back is turned from him, and I feel this boot in my back. He just kicked me in the back. “I fell to the floor, caught myself on the floor and felt like I was looking at the floor of the plane for what felt like a long time.” She continued in court: “I thought to myself, ‘I don’t know what to do, did he just kick me?’ “No one said anything, no one did anything, you could hear a pin drop on that plane. You could feel the tension but no one did anything. The trial continues.