Arsenal have reportedly tabled a take-it-or-leave-it contract offer to Eddie Nketiah ahead of his current deal's expiry at the end of June. And the 22-year-old's suitors are increasingly accepting that he will decide to commit his future to Mikel Arteta's project at the Emirates Stadium. Arsenal have formally approached Nketiah with their final contract offer in a last-ditch attempt to prevent his free departure, Sportsmail report. It has been claimed that he's now ready to stay at the club after rejecting previous offers, with his new contract said to be worth £100,000-a-week. Crystal Palace and West Ham United are amongst his Premier League suitors, while overseas clubs are also courting his services. But Arteta is desperate for him to stay after acting as his first-choice striker in the season's final stages - and it seems he's getting his wish. The Athletic add that Nketiah has changed his mind about departing and is 'on the verge' of signing a new deal, potentially across five years. It's still being finalised but all signs currently point towards him remaining in north London next season and beyond. JUST IN: Todd Boehly wants to hand three Chelsea players new contracts Nketiah's stay would come as a huge boost for Arteta and the club, who will be able to save money to address other areas. A marquee striker signing is still expected at the Emirates, but the Spaniard will no longer have to pursue a new backup option with Alexandre Lacazette set to leave. Nketiah scored in Arsenal's final game of the campaign, the 5-1 rout against Everton. And after full-time, Arteta hinted that the England U21 international had already made a decision about where his future lies. READ MORE: Liverpool handed Fabinho boost for Madrid but still sweating on Thiago He said: "When you see Eddie train in the way he trains, he doesn't even need to play; you know that you have a player there that is going to help you, and he's done that. Look at his numbers with the amount of games that he's played; it's terrific. It's been decided, but it's very difficult to communicate it. What they deserve is to have a little bit of what they had today. "But to do it earlier, one way or the other, with three situations like that is very, very awkward, and it could affect the team. So as a club, we have to do the right thing in the right moment and sometimes to combine those two issues is not easy at all, but we will try to do the right thing." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.