According to weather experts, the mercury will begin rising from Saturday as many areas enjoy sunny and dry conditions. This will eventually give way to a warm spell, with parts of the south expected to bask in 22C heat by mid-week and up to 24C by the next weekend.  According to BBC Weather, temperatures could top the mercury at 25C in the south heading into the following working week. Met Office forecaster Marco Petagna said temperatures are several degrees above where they normally should be at this time of year. He said there was a “small chance” the UK could experience a “brief” heatwave as temperatures build into the twenties. A heatwave is a period of extreme, unusual weather. Sustained hot weather can be dangerous and planning, advice then action is needed to get through times of extreme temperatures.   A simple starting point is the temperature thresholds for counties around the UK which when met for a few days, a heatwave is declared. These thresholds were recently increased due to our warming climate. The Met Office's long-range outlook over the period states: “Chances of hot weather and heatwaves are increased compared to average, especially later in the period. “There is an increase in the likelihood of warmer-than-average conditions over the three months.” READ MORE: ‘Proud to be British!’ Readers rage against ‘embarrassed’ expats  The underlying theme for the weekend is high pressure and steady conditions with mostly light winds. Warmth in any sunshine but a coolness overnight, claimed the meteorologists. Jo Farrow, a meteorologist with Netweather.tv said: “For most, it will be dry weekend with a mix of cloudy skies, brighter times and some warm sunshine. “That’s often the problem forecasting in anticyclonic conditions, where will keep more cloud and where will brighten up. “On Saturday there will be the odd shower for eastern England, Cumbria and inland Scotland. DON'T MISS: Kate Middleton blows royal fans away - ‘How does she look so good?'Keir Starmer won't do better than Corbyn's best local electionScottish Tories brace for ‘heavy loss’ in elections