In light of the recent inflation rate increases and subsequent hikes to the base rate, the financial institution is passing on favourable rates to its customers. Earlier this month, the building society launched new issues of two popular savings accounts: the One Year Triple Access Online ISA and the One Year Triple Access Online Saver. Both are paying an increased competitive rate of one percent for 12 months, according to Nationwide. Furthermore, Nationwide launched new issues of its one-year fixed rate ISAs, bonds and online bonds plus three and five-year Online Bonds, as part of its recent wave of rate increases. As a result, the One Year Fixed Rate ISA is now paying 1.10 percent AER, while the One Year Fixed Rate Bond/Online Bond pays the same rate per annum. The Three Year Fixed Rate Online Bond is now paying two percent AER, while the Five Year Fixed Rate Online Bond gives customers a rate of 2.10 percent AER. Tom Riley, the director of Banking and Savings at the building society, shared why Nationwide has decided to hike its rates at this moment in time. READ MORE: Couple in shock as they realise they've spent £2,000 on just one trip to museum  Mr Riley said: “ISAs remain an important product for many savers, as interest earned on a cash ISA doesn’t count towards your Personal Savings Allowance. “Our new Triple Access Online ISA will offer a market-leading rate from a brand savers know and trust. “For those who want to save outside of an ISA, we are also increasing the rate on our Triple Access Online Saver. “We like to give savers a choice of fixed rates, which is why we are also launching a new range of one, three and five-year fixed rate products.” Last month, the building society hiked interest rates across multiple of its limited access savings accounts. This included the Single Access ISA, e-Savings Plus and Limited Access Saver which were raised by 0.25 percent. At the same time, the rate on Nationwide’s loyalty accounts, including the Loyalty Saver, Loyalty ISA and Loyalty Single Access ISA, has been increased to 0.50 percent AER. Nationwide has also hiked rates by 0.10 percent across its instant access savings products, including its Instant Access Saver, Instant ISA Saver and Cashbuilder. On top of this, the financial institution’s Flex Regular Saver is to remain at a “highly competitive” 2.5 percent to boost customer savings. The Nationwide director added: “As a mutual, we have to ensure that we balance the value we provide our savers with that which we offer to our borrowers and wider membership. “We regularly review the rates on our savings accounts to ensure that we continue to offer the best rates that we can. “Despite recent rate changes across the wider savings market, we have continually paid more than the market average. “These changes also follow on from the rate increases we made in February to our children’s, regular savings and loyalty accounts. “Our focus remains on providing a range of competitive savings products to our members, which is why we are keeping our Flex Regular Saver on sale for our current account members.”