In the early hours of Tuesday, Meghan Markle's estranged father, Thomas Markle was admitted to hospital after suffering a stroke. Following news of Mr Markle's hospital admission, questions have arisen as to whether the 40-year-old will "break this feud" and go and visit her father. Speaking on Good Morning Britain, royal biographer Tom Bower discussed the possibility of a father-daughter reunion. Host Richard Madeley said: "So he's [Thomas Markle] in hospital, as we said, at the moment he is unable to speak. "The big question, apart from his health issues, is his daughter going to go and see him. "Is she going to break this feud and go to his bedside, do you know?". Mr Bower replied: "Well I don't know but if we knew what she's going to do, that'd be terrific. READ MORE: Royal fan backlash as 'Sing Sweet Caroline at street parties' enrages everyone "What we do know is, Meghan's always said that she's a compassionate person, and if compassion was at all necessary right now, it would mean that she would go to her father's bedside, about two and half hours drive south from where she lives and give him some comfort and reassurance. "We wait to see what happens". Richard's co-host Susanna Reid asked Mr Bower if we know "if she's made any contact at all". Mr Bower confirmed: "We know she hasn't. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan's Netflix goal to be like Obamas 'thrown out window' "They haven't been in contact since just before the wedding [in 2018]". Meghan and her dad's relationship became strained in 2018 after he was caught on CCTV staging paparazzi photos. Last year, Meghan revealed in the bombshell interview with Oprah that she could not "fathom" what her father did when he allegedly worked with the tabloids. DON'T MISS Thomas did not go to Meghan and Harry's royal wedding, and it is said the pair have not been in contact for several years since. Last month, the 77-year-old said that he was planning to fly to the UK in June for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. This visit brought him hope of seeing his estranged daughter and the grandchildren, Archie and Lilibet, whom he has never met. Speaking previously on GB News, Mr Markle said, "I should have the right to see my grandchildren".