Ant and Dec have hosted I'm A Celebrity...Get Me Out Of Here! from a castle in Wales for the past two years due to the coronavirus pandemic impacting international travel. However, the Geordie duo told This Morning viewers on Thursday's instalment of the ITV programme they will be heading back to the jungle for this year's series. This Morning presenter Phillip Schofield asked whether Ant and Dec would be returning to Australia for this year's series of I'm A Celebrity. Ant said: "That's what they say." While Dec added: "As long as they let us in the country. We will be back." When Phillip asked what they did the last time which might prevent them from going back Down Under, Dec explained: "No, no, it's because they closed the borders because of the pandemic." Phillip joked: "Oh I see, not because you are still on the run?" READ MORE: The Last Kingdom's Eliza Butterworth on co-star Alexander Dreymon Dec laughed and explained how he and Ant enjoyed "two lovely years in Wales" but he admitted the show "has to be filmed in Australia". Holly Willoughby asked about an "all-stars" spin-off of the ITV reality show being in the works. Ant said: "I don't know why it's never been done before, it's a spin-off from the main show where we have ex campmates who come together in South Africa to compete in challenges and trials. Should I keep talking?" Dec warned him to stop discussing the spin-off series in case he gave away too much information.  A worried Dec warned Ant: "Stop talking about it, it's a secret. Well, it was a secret." The kings of Saturday night television have been hosting I'm A Celebrity for almost two decades. Over the years they have seen dozens of celebrities getting stuck in with an array of nasty Bushtucker Trials. The pair also spoke to Amanda Holden and Jamie Theakston on their Heart breakfast show on Thursday about this year's upcoming series. DON'T MISS...Ant and Dec once had 'bizarre' sleepover at Prince Charles' house [LATEST]BGT viewers 'work out' magician ring trick  [REACTION]Ant and Dec reignite Boris Johnson row as they mock him in BGT gag [UPDATE] Ant said: "The plan is, we’re going back to Australia, we don’t want to go elsewhere. "It’s got to go back to it. Back to its spiritual home, back to where it all started." He added: "Everyone wants to see a bit of sunshine at that time of year on the telly." Travel restrictions between Australia and the UK during the coronavirus pandemic made it almost impossible for the show to take place in Queensland.  It is understood the all-star spin-off will be filmed over the summer and speculation has been mounting around which famous campmates will take part. The new edition will reportedly air next year, but the main show is due to return to Australia this November. The campmates who are set to enter the jungle this winter are yet to be announced. I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! returns later this year on ITV.