The airline has announced brand new routes launching at the Midlands airport to two Italian island hotspots next year, Birmingham Live reports. Jet2 has said that it is set to expand its programme for summer 2023 in response to an increase in demand from customers. To support the extra services, the leisure carrier will be investing in a 14th aircraft based from Birmingham. From summer 2023, people will be able to fly out to 52 sun and city destinations, including two new island locations, Sicily and Sardinia. Tickets are now on sale, with prices starting from £72 one-way to Sicily and £80 to Sardinia. Jet2.com and Jet2CityBreaks will operate to four favourite city break destinations from the city - Amsterdam, Prague, Krakow and Budapest. The company is also reintroducing flights and holidays to Bourgas in Bulgaria, providing access to the popular Sunny Beach. Strong demand for flights and ATOL-protected package holidays from the city mean that Jet2 will expand its existing schedule to the likes of Tenerife, Rhodes, Halkidiki, Crete, Antalya and Rome for next year's peak period. It also means more frequent flying to these popular destinations, giving holidaymakers more choice and flexibility for travel. The expanded programme means up to 32 weekly flights to the Canary Islands, a maximum of 32 weekly flights to the Balearic Islands, up to 47 weekly flights to 13 Greek destinations, as many as 25 weekly flights to Turkey and up to 13 weekly flights to seven Italian destinations. It's a major increase compared to summer 2022, with over 2.1 million seats now on sale from Birmingham Airport for summer 2023, with over 200 weekly flights departing during peak periods.  Steve Heapy, CEO of Jet2.com and Jet2holidays, said: “We are continuing to experience enormous demand for our award-winning flights and holidays from Birmingham Airport, and as always we are quick to respond to that demand by adding capacity. Summer '23 will see a 14th based aircraft come into our fleet at Birmingham Airport, meaning local holidaymakers and independent travel agents have even more choice and flexibility. "The addition of two stunning Italian islands in Sicily and Sardinia really expands our offering, taking the number of sun and city destinations we have on sale to 52. In addition to flying customers to their favourite holiday destinations from Birmingham Airport, we continue to have a laser focus on delivering the very best experience so that customers choose us time and time again.”