After a year of hibernation, cleaning your barbecue might seem a daunting chore. Caked on grease and grime can be stubborn to remove from your barbecue, but it is important you give your grill a good scrub before firing it up for the summer. Not only does a build-up of dirt look grim, but it can also pose a risk to your health. There are numerous ways to clean your barbecue and a number of products on the market aimed at the task. However, if you're hoping to avoid using chemicals, or simply don't have time to nip to the shops, baking soda could be the key. Baking soda, also known as bicarbonate of soda, is often hailed for its multi-purpose cleaning uses. According to experts from Real Homes: "Baking soda or bicarbonate of soda is a wonder ingredient for dissolving all kinds of organic substances, and is brilliant at tackling grease and stuck-on food." READ MORE: When to deadhead lupins to 'prolong the display' The baking soda method works best for cleaning any dirt from your barbecue grill specifically. Metals expert Paul McFadyen, managing director at specialist metal provider, metals4U, previously told Express.co.uk: “Stainless steel is used for barbecue grills as it's hard-wearing and doesn't rust like most other metals - when cleaning it you should be really careful not to use anything too abrasive that might damage the metal coating." DON'T MISSLawn tips: How to to ‘thicken’ lawns and ‘crowd out weeds’ [COMMENT]'Organic' homemade weed killers that won't harm your soil [INTERVIEW]‘Fast and effective way’ to kill ‘stubborn’ weeds with natural methods [INSIGHT]  The expert recommended using the baking soda method as it is a "non-toxic" alternative. Begin by mixing baking soda with water to create a thick paste. Next, smear the paste onto your grill, paying close attention to any highly soiled areas. Mr McFadyen added: "Avoid using metal grill brushes as the bristles can be dislodged and are incredibly harmful if ingested. “Leave the paste for 10 minutes to soak and wipe clean - be sure to rinse the area well after treating. “To prevent food sticking to your grill, apply oil before cooking." Baking soda works well for cleaning due to its alkaline properties. These work to dissolve organic dirt and grease. The mineral structure of baking soda then works as a gentle abrasive to scrub away stubborn build-ups without leaving harsh scratches.