The horrific incident which took place in Caerphilly saw the massive 8-stone dog named “Beast” attack Jack Lis who had been playing at a friend’s house. Jack was left with “severe injuries to his head and neck” following the incident which eventually led to his death.  Amy Salter and Brandon Hayden have both admitted their involvement in the tragic incident leading to Jack’s injuries and eventual demise. The case, which was heard at Cardiff Crown Court, saw Ms Salter, of Trethomas, Caerphilly, admit to being a person in charge of a dog dangerously out of control, causing injury resulting in Jack's death. Mr Hayden, of Penyrheol, Caerphilly, pleaded guilty to being the owner of the dog that killed the young schoolboy. The teenager also admitted five offences of owning a dog dangerously out of control between November 4 and 7. Incidents involving the dog were also reported in the past.  The court heard two such attacks in the past resulted in injuries to members of the public, Michael Ball and Sian Sullivan. Ms Sullivan was injured by the dog on November 7, the day before Jack was attacked. Distraught members of Jack’s family were present in the public gallery at the time of the hearing. Hearing the case, Judge Michael Fitton QC granted bail to the pair. However, he said: “The likely outcome, particularly for Mr Hayden, is there will be immediate custody.”  READ MORE:Woman's pets ate her dead cat after she left them in house to starve Conditions have been set for Mr Hayden and Ms Salter not to contact prosecution witnesses in the meantime. Mr Hayden was also ordered not to upload any photos of himself with dogs online. Furthermore, Ms Salter was banned from having contact with children under the age of 18 unless given permission to do so by Social Services. Following the attack, emergency services attended the scene but were unable to save Jack. The injuries received by the 10-year-old were described as “un-survivable.” Armed police attended the scene and destroyed the dog.  DON'T MISS:Putin plots to create 'Russian Wikipedia' [REVEAL]Boris hammered by Britons as he abandons Brexit plan [COMMENT]Virgin Atlantic fury over untrained pilot [REPORT] The dog was later found to be a 115lb American bully or XL bully, which are not on the banned breed list. In a statement issued the day after he was killed, Jack's heartbroken family said: “We are absolutely heartbroken. “Our lives will never be the same without Jack. “This is not something any parent should ever have to be writing. “We have so many words we want to say about our beautiful boy, but they do not seem enough.”  The family continued: “We love him more than words can describe. “Our boy made us the proudest parents and family on the planet. “He was the sweetest of boys. “We will forever miss his quirky ways and the stories that he would spend so long telling us. “He's forever in our hearts. Sweet dreams Jack, our perfect boy.” A funeral held for Jack at St Martin's Church in Caerphilly was attended by hundreds of people wearing red and carrying red balloons in his memory. 