There's many costs to consider when you're moving house, but it doesn't have to be expensive. Many of these costs can be easily tackled with planning in advance. By doing this, you'll avoid any unexpected bills at the last minute. From the cheapest day to book moving companies to how to get your hands on free cardboard boxes and packing materials, property experts at Compare My Move have covered everything homeowners should do to save money when they move house. First and foremost, homeowners should be planning ahead before starting to move house. The experts explained: “To save money when moving house, you should take time to plan ahead and consider every cost. “By planning ahead, you're more likely to factor in every expense, and less likely to have to spend money on things you forgot about at the last minute.” Everything you need to do in the months, weeks and days building up to the move should be planned out. This helps to make sure you focus on the most important deadlines as priorities. READ MORE: Property: Questions to ask during property viewings Before attempting to pack items you should have a thorough declutter before moving house. Trying to pack everything including items you're not even sure you still want to keep will only make packing stressful. The property gurus said: “Not only will decluttering your belongings make things easier when it comes to packing, but it'll make the cost of your removal cheaper. “The price of your home removal will depend on how many items you're taking with you, therefore, fewer items means you'll be paying less.” “You'll also earn some extra cash along the way by selling your unwanted clothes and accessories after you've decluttered. “The money you make from selling your personal belongings could be set aside to pay for your moving costs.” DON'T MISS: Cleaning: ‘Cheapest’ way to get rid of ants in homes - ‘kills them’ [COMMENT]Weeding tips: ‘Super effective’ way to naturally kill paving weeds [EXPERT]How to ‘save money’ on energy bills using washing machine hack [TIPS] It goes without saying that you should book your removal company in advance, but some companies may offer special deals if you book far enough in advance. The experts explained: “Knowing the best time to move house will help to save a huge amount on your home removal costs. “The summer months always prove to be the most popular season to move house due to lighter and longer days, however, this means removal companies will put their prices up to compete with the high demand. “If you're able to, then leave moving house until after the summer holidays and try to move in the autumn months.” Often, booking your removal company in plenty of time means getting a better deal. It can also mean that you are less likely to be blindsided by unexpected, added costs. Now that you know not to book your home removal during the summer months, you should be aware of the cheapest day to move. The property experts said: “The best day to move house varies depending on your location, but Sunday is the cheapest day to move according to Compare My Move's data. “Friday is the most popular day to move house as people will have the whole weekend to settle in, avoiding moving house during the working week. “However, this means removal companies will put their prices up to match the high demand.” Homeowners can also save money by getting packing materials for free, according to experts. You can save money on a packing service by knowing where to find free cardboard boxes when moving house. “Start by asking friends and family if they have spare boxes as they will more than likely have left over ones from their move. “After you've set a moving date, start to save any boxes and packaging materials that come with deliveries you have sent to your house. “Additionally, local shops, cafes and supermarkets will have a variety of sizes of cardboard boxes every week from deliveries - they'll be more than willing to let you have the cardboard boxes for free as they'd only be recycling them anyway.”