James Jordan has taken to Twitter to share his opinion as the Wagatha Christie trial continues. Rebekah Vardy, 40, is suing Coleen Rooney, 36, after the latter claimed Rebekah leaked private information on Instagram to a national newspaper outlet. Former Strictly Come Dancing professional James, 44, has taken to the micro-blogging site to unleash his opinion on the ongoing high court trial, slamming the case as "embarrassing". James shared his opinion of the ongoing trial on Twitter yesterday evening in view of his 313,400 followers. He penned: "I find this whole Rebekah Vardy court case EMBARRASSING. "Next thing she’ll be shouting from the top of her voice she has mental health issues. "I know someone else in my business that’s cut from exactly the same cloth," he ended the post. READ MORE: Johnny Rotten responds to Madonna's NFT art on Piers Morgan show Many social media users rushed to the comments to express their view on the ongoing trial and James' comments. Gemini2328 said: "It should have not even got this far! They should have sorted it out like (so called) grownups. "All that money wasted on a court case could have gone to something better like a charity!" ToddAssoc1 added: "Completely agree, James. They could both stop this charade now, save the money being spent on solicitors fees, and donate it to good causes instead." RoseLittlewood commented: "Coleen is being sued so has to go to court. Rebekah could stop at any moment." Katos1981 said: "I cannot understand why anyone would have advised Rebekah Vardy to pursue this. "There is nothing so far in this that paints her in a good light, quite the opposite in fact, I'm embarrassed for her." Yesterday, Rebekah gave evidence in court and appeared to accept that her agent leaked information from Coleen's private Instagram account to a newspaper, however she denied that it was "new" information. DON'T MISS... Julia Fox stuns as she showcases abs in ultra low-rise trousers [PICS] 'Madonna, 63, bemuses fans with 3D scan of her vagina [INSTAGRAM] Eamonn Holmes reflects on 'deadly serious' feud with Anthea Turner [COMMENT] She also denied orchestrating a photograph of footballers' wives and girlfriends at the 2018 World Cup. In regards to the social media post in October 2019, Coleen said Rebekah carried out a "sting operation" and accused her of leaking "false stories" about her private life to the press. In the post on Instagram, Twitter and Facebook, she wrote: "I have saved and screenshotted all the original stories which clearly show just one person has viewed them. "It's ………. Rebekah Vardy’s account." This means Rebekah, who denies the claims, is suing Coleen for libel, while Coleen is defending the claim on the basis her post was "substantially true" and in the public interest. Proceedings were halted twice after cross-examination from Coleen's lawyer, David Sherbourne, brought Rebekah to tears. Rebekah is expected to finish giving her evidence today, with Coleen set to take to the witness box in Court 13 of the Royal Courts of Justice. The court previously heard that both women have spent "hundreds of thousands of pounds" on the case so far, with the total costs of the case expected to be at least £2 million.