Former UFC champion Conor McGregor has arrived in style for the Monaco Grand Prix as he gets set to join a host of celebrities for Sunday's race. Following a week where he partied at the Cannes Film Festival, 'The Notorious' and his family headed to F1's most iconic venue on his Lamborghini super yacht.   He announced his presence via Instagram, posting a picture of him on deck with his daughter, and writing: "Pulling into Monaco for the Formula One Grand Prix! A dream come true for me." He also uploaded several other happy family pictures, as well as ones of him looking cosy with fiancée Dee Devlin. McGregor, 33, isn't known to be a huge F1 fan, but has made no secret of his love for football and support of Celtic and Manchester United. However, he will no doubt relish the spotlight the Monaco race brings, despite the rumours the event may not be returning in 2023. It will top off a busy week of mixing with fellow celebrities for the Dubliner, who this week also attended the after-party following the premiere of Baz Luhrmann’s Elvis at the Cannes Film Festival. Again he wasn't shy about letting fans on social media know of his whereabouts, posting pictures of him hanging out with Kylie Minogue. JUST IN: George Russell fears Lewis Hamilton will 'unleash anger' after Mercedes woes “With the most beautiful, iconic Kylie Minogue and Dee Devlin,” McGregor wrote. He got a reply from the pop singer, songwriter, and actress herself, who said: "Yaaaassss! So nice to see you both!" McGregor has recently been in intense training as he nears his return to the octagon, having not fought since suffering a fractured tibia and fibula at UFC 264 in July, when he was beaten by Dustin Poirier. However, a confirmed date or opponent for his comeback has yet to be announced. DON'T MISS:Lewis Hamilton's X-rated assessment of Mercedes 'bouncing' - 'f*****g losing my mind'McLaren chief 'stayed away' during Lando Norris to Red Bull swap deal talksLewis Hamilton offered new solution to jewellery row by Damon Hill amid race ban threat But if Friday's first two practice sessions were anything to go by, McGregor is going to enjoy his break from his rehab. Ferrari's Charles Leclerc was quickest both times, ahead of teammate Carlos Sainz, and the Red Bull duo of Sergio Perez and Max Verstappen. But the afternoon practice also saw McLaren's Daniel Ricciardo endure a 150mph crash. Moments before Sebastian Vettel had just escaped having exactly the same accident, but managed to collect his Aston Martin without it hitting the wall.