The epic world tour, like so many, was interrupted by the global pandemic but is finally back on the road. During that time, Brian also battled multiple major health issues, and has shared his incredible journey back to health with fans. After the thrilling opening night in Belfast on Friday garnered rave reviews, the Queen icon admitted they were all feeling exhilarated but "battle-scarred." He posted a powerful new video for fans after the second show describing how he and the band were feeling, but also revealing his greatest regret. Brian spoke from the heart to the camera when he said it was just minutes after they had come off stage and they were all still feeling all the "sweat and the pain" of giving their all. In a written message, he added: "At this point everything (physically) hurts ! Because this show is at the limit of our collective energies - and something I’ve been training for all through the last 6 months. It’s right on the limit. But the inner glow of fulfilment is massively strong - hearing that roar of passion - feeling that energy - feeling that love. Knowing we have given EVERYTHING that we have in us for two hours twenty minutes of … something that you cannot describe." Brian added: "THANKS, beautiful people of Ireland - and I know many of you travelled far to be with us - especially as we couldn’t get our Dublin date this time around. "What an outstanding experience - our return to live action which has been a massive gap in our lives for 2 years - ever since we left Australia in 2019 on a high, and crashed into Covid lockdown. "Love ya folks ! Can’t wait to see you out there … around our beloved but beleaguered UK, and around the beauties of Europe which we have missed so much. Back in the World. What a privilege to be back out here one more time. Bri." DON'T MISSDoes Freddie Mercury ex-girlfriend Mary own Queen star's house?Freddie Mercury was carried from his bed to bid a final farewellBrian May names band who 'inspired Queen' However, Brian also talked about how the world has changed thanks to the pandemic – and robbed him and the band of one of their favourite things. He said: "It’s been my regret on this tour already that I can’t do what I usually do, which is meet people, do meet and greets, meet people at the stage door, do autographs, do pictures, huddle up and stuff. "Can’t do any of that on this tour, sadly, because we are taking it so seriously the fact that we could lose shows and so many people would be disappointed. So we are on fierce anti-coved protocols and I’m afraid I can’t meet you this time around." On a happier note, Brian then showed a stunning piece of art created for him by a fan – a framed image of a guitar with a moving personal inscription on the back. The Queen + Adam Lambert tour will continue through the UK, heading on to Manchester's AO Arena on May 30 and 31, followed by Glasgow's OVO Hydro from June 2-3. The band will start a run of shows in London with June 5,6,8 and 9 at the O2 Arena followed by a break at the Birmingham Utilita Arena on June 11 and 12, before they return to London's O2 on June 14, 15, 17, 18, 20 and 21. QUEEN AND ADAM LAMBERT TOUR INFO