His friends watched as he picked up a shovel every day then at the end of the third day, exhausted and resigned to his fate, he laid down and died. Today the Russian military targeted a missile on the museum in Kharkiv dedicated to 18th century philosopher Skovoroda and blew it to pieces. Sometimes history just hands you metaphors. You don't even have to work for them. It was one of the many, many war crimes (more than 10,000 at last count) which have become the vicious, bloody side shows to the main bloodbath going on in Mariupol.But make no mistake,  Mariupol is the main event. This weekend Putin's evil empire will unleash ever new levels of hell on the pitiable people of that Godforsaken city - as he must - so he can boast of a "triumph" on May 9 Russia's annual Victory Day.And the impossibly brave men and women who, Skovoroda-like, have been just as surely digging their own graves in the Azovstal steelworks during the six week siege of Mariupol, will die.We should have stopped this. We should have stopped Putin. We should have sent the warplanes Volodymyr Zelenskyy has been demanding since day one of this awful war.The arguments against just don't stand up. It's just cowardice. It's not as if we even have to commit troops, just hardware.Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said we would, then took it back. Poland stood ready to provide MiGs but was stopped by the US and NATO.It's as baffling as it is cowardly. The main argument seems to be that it would make Putin view Britain and the US as adversaries and thus expand the potential conflict. But do we really think Putin is huddled in his bunker (hopefully with can of petrol to hand for his inevitable end) thinking "blimey, I'm glad Britain and America haven't got involved."We are already sending lots of serious weaponry - Ukranian fighters even shout "God save the Queen" when they unleash a British NLAW missile for goodness sakes. So why are we holding back from sending the gamechanging weapons Zelensky says he really needs - fighter aircraft?The awful thing is that It will happen, it's just that we will watch tens of thousands more Ukranians and Russians die before we realise it's a moral and military imperative.In fact it's already happening. On January 30 Agnieszka Brugger, a member of the German parliament’s defence committee said: “The German government has not provided any arms shipments to Ukraine for almost a decade, A change in policy would not make any significant short-term military difference on the ground but may be a big risk for the very difficult ongoing diplomatic talks."Yesterday Germany's defence minister announced they would be sending Mr Zelensky seven PzH 2000 Howitzers described as “the most powerful tube artillery system in the world.” This remember from a nation whose initial offering to the Ukraine war effort was a consignment of tin helmets. The second area of concern for the no-planes appeasers is of course the fear of a nuclear response. And, as expected, Putin was willy-waving in Red Square today showing off his phallic ICBMs. (And just as predictably us hacks were telling you just how scary and frightening they are - as if the Americans haven't got weapons 1000 times scarier they just prefer to keep secret.)A lot of people will tell you no-one will ever use nuclear weapons. They're wrong of course, Putin is already using them. Nuclear weapons aren't actually to be launched they're there to threaten. Not for nothing are these things called tactical.Let's be honest, Putin has threatened us with nukes and we have backed down. He won that fight three months ago. Again, that was not just moral cowardice that was actual cowardice.Would Putin ever press the button? Of course not. He, better than anyone knows how quickly that would spell the end of his supposedly beloved Russia.In third place on the appeasers' list is that Russian bot hardy perennial that this is just somebody else's civil war thousands of miles from London, or Milton Keynes or Leeds. But it's not is it? It's a war for Europe, and quite possibly a war for civilisation. In 2008 Vladimir Putin launched the "first European war of the 21st century" in South Georgia. In 2014 the second European war of the 21st century took place in Crimea, and yep that was Putin too. And of course this year we have the third European war courtesy of the same anachronistic fascist.If Putin wins he will not stop there. Conflicts in Moldova and Transnistria are already underway and if he gets away with it I wouldn't be holidaying in Poland or Belarus any time soon. Or Finland or Sweden for that matter. And that is before we even touch on how China is viewing Putin's bloody escapade as a litmus test for its own designs on Taiwan and indeed the world.In Neil Sheehan's fantastic account of the Vietnam war A Bright and Shining Lie US Army lieutenant colonel John Paul Vann basically tells us wars are terrible but if you approach them with moral courage and let the military (not the politicians) do its work they can be short and decisive, limiting the carnage and the bodycount. Unfortunately we are seeing no moral courage anywhere outside of Ukraine - the pitiful, spineless United Nations won't even call it a war, with secretary general António Guterres preferring the term "dispute".A "dispute" with 40,000 dead bodies and rising. Which brings me back to Skovoroda. Ukraine's favourite philosopher was essentially a stoic in that he believed the best indication of an individual's philosophy was not what that person said but how that person acted. Like I say, sometimes history just hands you metaphors on a plate.