Paramount’s most successful show Yellowstone is not only heading back for a fifth season on the US network, but the universe is expanding thanks to creator Taylor Sheridan’s several spin-offs in the pipeline. Prequel 1883, led by Tim McGraw and Sam Elliott, has already replicated the success of the Kevin Costner-led flagship drama, and now another prequel titled 1932 is coming to the cable network - and it’s bagged some rather big names to add to the cast. That’s because Oscar winner Helen Mirren and Star Wars legend Harrison Ford have both joined the cast of Paramount’s upcoming prequel. Set in the same year as its title, the series per its description will “explore the early 20th century when pandemics, historic drought, the end of Prohibition and the Great Depression all plague the mountain west, and the Duttons who call it home”. While the news alone is enough to send excitement levels rising, that’s all fans will get as news of their roles and characters are being kept under wraps. And it isn’t just fans who are ecstatic by the casting news with a number of the universe’s actors weighing in on Instagram to share their own reactions to the news. READ MORE: Yellowstone season 5 theory: Monica to help Jamie escape blackmail? The Yellowstone and Paramount+ accounts shared the announcement on the social media site, penning: “@helenmirren and Harrison Ford will star in the highly anticipated next instalment of the @yellowstone origin story from Taylor Sheridan coming to @paramountplus. “It will introduce a new generation of the Dutton family and explore the early 20th century.” The announcement garnered thousands of likes and comments, including some from some familiar faces. 1883 star Eric Nelsen, who played Ennis in the first prequel, replied: “The torch is officially passed over! Go make the Duttons proud y’all.” Fellow 1883 actor LaMonica Garrett, who played Thomas in the prequel, simply replied with a series of fire emojis. While Jimmy Hurdstrom star and long-serving cast member Jefferson White showed his surprise with a series of shocked face emojis. And Yellowstone fans were similarly gobsmacked, with @bluecoralvintage adding to the comments: “WHAT!?!? Is this real life?!” Fellow Instagram user @ame_parisienne excitedly commented: “This just became the best day ever.” DON'T MISS:‘Almost fell out my chair’ Yellowstone star on Lloyd explosion How long will Yellowstone air for? Kayce star on show's 'endgame'Yellowstone's Walker star shares hidden meaning in Kayce's vision While @honeymankathleen remarked: “Very exciting!! Such great actors! Can't wait to watch!!” Sadly news on 1932 and its production is being kept close to show bosses’ chests for now. However, 1883 executive producer David C Glasser did say at the time of its announcement: “Taylor Sheridan has put roots down for the Dutton Family tree that stand strong and tall, with many branches that continue to engage record-breaking audiences. “It is awe-inspiring to work with Taylor, ViacomCBS and the entire team on this universe.” While the news of Mirren and Ford’s casting is the only tidbit of information from 1932, there has been a big development in the flagship series. Yellowstone season five officially entered production earlier this week. The likes of Costner and co-stars Kelly Reilly, Cole Hauser, Wes Bentley, Luke Grimes, Kelsey Asbille, Jen Landon and many more have returned to Montana as filming has gotten underway. Yellowstone seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Peacock in the USA now. Seasons 1-3 will arrive on Paramount+ when it launches in the UK later this year.