Lou Wilkinson, from Stokesley in North Yorkshire, was left shocked when she received a parking fine letter in the post, something she had “absolutely no idea” about. The letter was from G24 Limited, a parking management company, who claimed they had been in contact with her to pay the fine. The date on the fine was listed as the same day Lou attended a breast screening in the car park of The Garth Surgery, Guisborough. Once at the location, she parked her car and went into a mobile mammogram unit. After posting her £160 fine to social media, she was not the only one who had received a letter from the parking company. She said she had received a letter for a final payment request for £160 which was for a parking charge on January 10. READ MORE: Driver solves mystery after receiving multiple unknown parking fines She added: “I had absolutely no idea when this was from or what it was for. “I phoned the company and she told me it was from parking in Guisborough Medical Centre. “I was told I had previous reminders and I said I'd had nothing at all.” She said she was having a mammogram in the car park, saying “there must be some camera catching you as you go in and out”. DON'T MISSdriver fined £90 for charging EV in an empty car park [SHOCKING]Mum fined £130 for 'driving down the road' and missing road sign [INSIGHT]'Total disgrace!' Britons banned from driving in Spain - £1,100 test [IMPORTANT] She has since appealed the parking fine, adding that she initially thought the fine was a scam. Lou added that the surgery has been “inundated” with people ringing, saying it was not the health centre’s fault. She continued, saying: "It looks like there are hundreds and hundreds of people in Stokesley and Great Ayton that have been for mammograms that have got these £160 fines with no prior warning. “A lot of people will run on the fear factor. “Thinking, 'oh my god I've got a debt recovery agency asking me, I'm going to pay this.' “I don't know how many have done that,” she told Teesside Live. Lou also said that women who are attending these screenings do not need the extra stress of a parking fine. Drivers have 28 days to challenge a penalty charge notice, with those who do so potentially seeing a 50 percent discount. Citizens Advice urges drivers not to pay a parking ticket that they are appealing, saying that usually paying is seen as admitting the ticket was right. Motorists cannot appeal a parking ticket once they have already paid. In a post on Facebook, The Garth Surgery confirmed that the parking company had been made aware of the issue and advised people to appeal. Express.co.uk have contacted G24 Limited for a comment.