Arsenal have been warned by Liverpool icon Jose Enrique that a potential move to the Reds for Bukayo Saka could emerge as a real possibility in the near future if Jurgen Klopp decides to act on his reported interest in the England ace. Saka has been linked with the Anfield giants over the last few months and could be targeted over the course of this summer if Sadio Mane joins Bayern Munich, who are said to be in talks with the Reds in an attempt to strike a deal for the wantaway forward. Liverpool have spent diligently to improve their squad over the last few years and have been tipped to do so again over the next few weeks by addressing a number of positions before the new season gets underway. Enrique, who spent five years with the Reds between 2011 and 2016, has since insisted that Saka or West Ham United winger Jarrod Bowen could be among the players to be targeted when the bidding opens next month.“We definitely need a back-up for Trent Alexander-Arnold," Enrique told Genting Bets when quizzed on where Liverpool could decide to strengthen this summer."Trent will start so we need a younger player to put Trent on his toes. Max Aarons from Norwich would be a good player to have. He’s not the quality of Trent but he’s a bit like Tsimikas with a similar style. JUST IN: Liverpool 'willing to trigger Gavi's release clause' and pose threat "We need a starting number eight. Thiago Alcantara is brilliant but he has injuries every season. Keita has the same injury problems. "Henderson is getting older so we need a number eight for sure. I don’t know too much about the Monaco midfielder, Aurelien Tchouameni, but you look at Luis Diaz and the recruitment usually gets it right."We also need a right winger and I think Jarrod Bowen or Bukayo Saka could be a great shout as they’re both not playing in the Champions League, so it’s a big possibility." Jurgen Klopp is believed to be a keen admirer of Saka, who has emerged as one of Arsenal's most important assets since breaking into the Gunners' first-team ranks back in 2020. He is also a regular at international level with England and would provide Liverpool with an effective and long-term replacement for Mane if the latter eventually opts to join Bayern Munich between now and the start of next season.Talks between the German heavyweights and Liverpool are already said to be underway, with Mane expected to inform the Reds that he would like to seek a new challenge over the next few months. The Senegalese forward has served as an important cog in the machine since joining from Southampton back in 2016 but it seems as though he may have already played his final game in a red shirt in last weekend's Champions League final. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here