Max Verstappen’s Red Bull team have slammed suggestions there could be a salary cap for F1 drivers. Some bosses have reportedly ganged up on the sport’s big-earners by reviving talks of a maximum allowance for those behind the wheel. “Total idiocy - world turned upside down,” said a member of the Red Bull team ahead of this weekend’s Monaco Grand Prix, according to Dutch publication De Telegraaf. Verstappen was handed a new contract ahead of the 2022 season after claiming his maiden F1 title last year. The 24-year-old penned a five-year deal, which meant his salary more than double to a staggering £40million a season. And that saw him become the highest earner on the grid. Lewis Hamilton, who had previously been the best-paid driver in F1, earns a reported £29m every season as a base salary. And the duo are well ahead of their rivals, with Alpine genius Fernando Alonso, Aston Martin star Sebastian Vettel and McLaren ace Daniel Ricciardo all in the top five of earners courtesy of their reported £10m-a-year wages. READ MORE: Christian Horner likens Toto Wolff rivalry to Verstappen and Hamilton  Red Bull clearly felt they needed to reward Verstappen for his title success last season and indicate to the rest of the grid their intentions to dominate the sport in the coming years by pinning the superstar down. But teams who lack the same financial clout as the likes of Red Bull, Ferrari and Mercedes, might well be thinking that a salary cap for drivers could level the playing field. Red Bull chief Christian Horner has already revealed he is against a driver salary cap. “Of course, if a team chooses to spend more than the cap, it comes out within the budget cap so it is not, therefore, limiting the amount a driver can earn,” the 48-year-old said in 2020 when the cap was first being tabled. “It is just simply dictating to the team that there would be a maximum allowance for the drivers and anything beyond that would have to be out of the chassis cap.” DON'T MISSGeorge Russell fears Lewis Hamilton will 'unleash anger' [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton addresses jewellery ban ahead of Monaco Grand Prix  [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton tetchy when quizzed on Toto Wolff comments [ANALYSIS]     But Silver Arrows chief Toto Wolff has explained in the past that he is in favour of it. “The salary cap is something that we have supported,” Wolff said two years ago. “If you cap the team at $145million with a downward slope, you need to at a certain stage also cap high salaries. But I don’t think we should lose the superstars of today. So it needs to be a gradual introduction from 2024 onwards.” And in 2020, Hamilton said the concept of a cap had surprised drivers. “I didn’t even know that was being discussed,” the veteran said. “I think from a driver’s point of view it’s a surprise to us.” 