Serving burnt and uncooked food, and picking bits out of your teeth at the table, also featured in the list. When it comes to alcohol, drinking too much came in at number 13, while spilling red wine on a light-coloured carpet or furniture took eleventh place. It also emerged three in ten adults have made a faux pas at a dinner party or social occasion, while 40 percent have witnessed others do so. More than a fifth have spilt food and drink, while nearly one in five (19 percent) turned up late, and 18 percent have called someone by the wrong name. Those polled also offered their tips for hosting – including turning the TV off, asking about dietary requirements beforehand, and having a well-stocked drinks cabinet. Courtney Field, spokeswoman for Onken yogurt, which commissioned the research to launch the Natural Set Supper Club, said: "We know that when faced with the task of hosting dinner parties some people thrive, cooking up multiple courses, and others need more of a helping hand. "The list of faux pas shows all that can go wrong at a dinner party, either accidentally or purposefully – from spilling food and drink, criticising the host and their cooking skills, or taking a phone call at the table. "Hosting can be stressful, and there are naturally some elements that will be out of your control, but when you boil it down, there are two ingredients to a successful dinner party – good food and good company." The study also revealed the top reasons people have left dinner parties early – including being offended by another diner, feeling sick from the food or alcohol, and disagreeing with others on the likes of politics. And one in ten have even been embarrassed by their other half at a social occasion. Almost two-thirds (63 percent) prefer dinner parties to be informal, with many enjoying board or card games (31 percent), cocktail making (19 percent) and charades (18 percent) while there. But 44 percent claimed the rise of living costs means they’re now more likely to host dinner at home than eat out. The perfect occasion would include three courses – with roast chicken the most popular dish – with a start time of 18:54pm, and finished by 11pm. Other meals people like to see at dinner parties included curry, risotto and beef wellington, while hosts are most likely to cook Italian, Chinese and Indian cuisines. The go-to topics of conversation around the table were found to be upcoming or past holidays, food and drink, and TV shows and films. And of those polled, via OnePoll, four in ten admitted it’s less enjoyable being a host than a guest, because they can’t relax. Courtney Field added: "After the past few years, there is nothing better than getting family and friends back together for some delicious food. "Our new Natural Set Supper Club hopes to take the hassle out of hosting, and build people's confidence in the kitchen." TOP 40 DINNER PARTY FAUX PAS: