Secret Spenders: Beat the Price Rises travel to Chesterfield to meet Cheri and Dan, a couple struggling financially and in debt since last Christmas. Anita Rani met Dan who is worried Cheri is spending all their money without control. The husband explained she buys things for the house on a weekly basis and receives "numerous Amazon deliveries", but often these are things they don't really need. The family is in debt since last Christmas when Cheri asked for a credit to buy a hot tub. On top of that, Dan recently noticed "a big spending on hair care products". READ MORE: Are there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow Dan was worried Cheri's spending was "completely out of control". The experts analysed the couple's spending, including takeaway coffees, food and hairdresser, and concluded they could be saving hundreds every month with some simple tweaks. According to the money experts, the average Briton spends over £1,000 on takeaway coffee a year. By reducing the amount of purchases by a third, people could see a saving of over £500. Regarding the hot tub, they said: "This is where all the money is gone!"  The experts shared with the family a simple way to save hundreds on their weekly shop. They recommended "best before stores". These are supermarkets where they sell cheap food which is past or approaching its best before date. "There are places that sell the items that have gone beyond their best before date but for big, big discounts," they explained. What's the difference between "use by date" and "best before date"? The use by date is used for foods that are highly perishable and likely to spoil and pose a risk to making people sick, including vegetables or meat. However, best before date products are those which are safe to eat after this date but may not be at their best in terms of flavour and texture. These include products such as tinned tomatoes, pasta, dry goods or bread. Bread costs 20p in best before stores as opposed to 70p in supermarkets and tinned tomatoes are just 75p as opposed to £1.75 in regular stores. The experts showed the bread sold in these stores "is one year old but still going strong". "One-year-old bread or out-of-date crisps" may not sound very appealing but when shoppers were asked to try these out-of-date products, they couldn't tell the difference. "It's impossible to tell," some said. The show revealed people could be saving over £30 in their weekly shop when buying food in best before stores. Shoppers can find their nearest store online with more opening across the country in the next months.