The fuel price crisis in the UK is having a marked effect as new figures show the number of people owning a car has dropped for the second consecutive year. It’s the first time that has happened in over 100 years according to the new statistics from the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders. The data, which was released today by the SMMT revealed that the number of cars owned in 2021 fell 0.2 percent to 35,023,652. The pThe previous recorded consecutive downturn was between 1915 and 1918 as the nation fought in the First World War. Those Britons who own cars are also holding onto them for longer, as the average age of cars hit a record high of 8.7 years. The SMMT said this was evidence of “the greater reliability of new vehicles” reported Auto Car. READ MORE: The UK is nowhere near ready for electric vehicles Electric vehicle use bucked the trend however, with a 71 percent increase to 748,349 cars, vans, buses and trucks, with growth in all sectors. The number of vehicles in the UK overall grew 0.4 percent to 40,506,971 in 2021. Meanwhile major shortages of key components and supply chain disruptions across the globe caused new car registrations to remain static at 1.65 million. Petrol and diesel cars still make up 95.7 percent of vehicles on the road; 20.5 million petrol (58.6 percent) and 13 million diesel (37.1 percent). DON'T MISS Low Emission Zones launching today - Polluting vehicles to be banned [REVEAL] Now campaigners want ELECTRIC cars to be taxed more as they 'pollute' [INSIGHT] Drivers warned of 'avalanche' of fines as councils get new powers [WARNING] SMMT chief executive Mike Hawes said: “Britain’s switch to electric vehicles continues to gather pace, with a record one in five new car registrations now plug-ins. “However, they still represent around one in 50 cars on the road, so there's significant ground to cover if we're to fully decarbonise road transport at pace. “The first consecutive annual fall in vehicle numbers in more than a century shows how significantly the pandemic has impacted the industry, leading Britons to hold onto their cars for longer. "With fleet renewal essential to net-zero, we must build consumer confidence in the economy and, for drivers, confidence in the charging infrastructure to get the transition into top gear.” It comes on the day that four new Low Emission Zones have been formally launched as most polluting petrol and diesel cars will slowly be phased out and off the roads. The Low Emission Zones in Aberdeen, Dundee, Edinburgh and Glasgow have been formally introduced to improve air quality. While charges are not yet being levied onto vehicles, older petrol and diesel vehicles will be charged to drive inside the zone. If vehicles do not meet the emissions standards, drivers could face a £60 fine, which is halved to £30 if paid early. Diesel cars and vans will need to meet the Euro 6 standard, which apply in other emissions based charging zones, which generally apply to vehicles registered after September 2015. Petrol vehicles will also be affected, with drivers being required to adhere to Euro 4 standards, which usually applies to those registered after January 2006. As with other emissions zones, like London’s ULEZ and Birmingham’s Clean Air Zones, some exemptions do apply. Blue badge holders, emergency service vehicles, motorbikes and mopeds will be exempt from the charges.