Appearing in front of a parliamentary committee this afternoon, BBC Chairman Richard Sharp said he was willing to take "a blank sheet of paper" when exploring future funding models. It comes after Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries expressed her desire to scrap the licence fee model earlier this year. Speaking to the House of Lords's digital and communications committee alongside BBC director-general Tim Davie, Mr Sharp said: "The board hasn't ruled out anything. We're taking a blank sheet of paper. "We've been charged with the fact the BBC faces an existential question and the board has to take very seriously that charge, to look at all options without preconceptions. "The fact we understand the value of public service broadcasting informs that, but it doesn't rule out certain mechanisms, or adjustments we might need to make, or changes." However, he warned the Government against scrapping the BBC licence fee for a new funding model without considering the consequences of doing so. READ MORE: UK urged to follow France and scrap TV licence  The former banker warned that any changes to the current model must be made after considering the full impact. Mr Sharp suggested alternative funding models may have a negative impact on the role of the BBC as a public service broadcaster. "Change has to be thought through," he said. "Particularly if it's a fundamental change in terms of the financial position, in terms of the strategy, in order to make sure it doesn't have the unintended consequences of diminishing the public service delivery." British households are currently charged £159 to stream live TV via an annual licence fee. The funding model is guaranteed until 2027, with the Government indicating it is eager to abolish the funding model thereafter. DON'T MISS:TV licence fee branded 'comfort blanket for BBC' in Rees-Mogg swipe [REACTION]'Biased left wing propaganda!' BBC slammed for 'pro-EU' stance [UPDATE]BBC boss admits broadcaster is struggling to 'stay relevant' [INSIGHT]  Confirming the licence fee would be capped at £159 until 20204 and then rise each year in line with inflation until 2027, Ms Dorries signalled plans to overhaul BBC's finances. "This licence fee announcement will be the last," she tweeted in January. "Time now to discuss and debate new ways of funding, supporting and selling great British content." She said a public consultation would be launched later this year on how to fund the broadcaster going forwards.  The corporation's director-general indicated that BBC executives would be putting forward proposals shortly to help guide the discussions. He said: "The people who should decide what happens to the BBC are obviously going to be elected officials, but we need to make sure the licence fee payer and the public are heard and seen. "So, we're going to put proposals forward in the coming weeks - not months, weeks - in terms of the BBC." Seeking to influence the debate on future funding, he told peers: "I just think you need to know, what are the things that we need to look at when looking at various options - of which we are open minded." Any process into the funding system would be led by that "purpose discussion and then the funding mechanism flows out of that", Mr Davie added. He said: "As the BBC, we care most not about the funding mechanism, we care most about our values and the fact we are available to all, we are an important media operation, that's what we care about." 