The end is almost in sight for NCIS Hawaii after what’s been an impressive and successful first season on the air for Jane Tennant (played by Vanessa Lachey) and her team. There’s just one more episode to go in the CBS drama’s debut run and it just so happens to be the second part of a double-header finale. And judging by the episode's synopsis and first-look promo, it’s bound to be unmissable with big storylines on the way for the likes of Jesse Boone (Noah Mills), Lucy Tara (Yasmine Al-Bustami) and Kate Whistler (Tori Anderson). The synopsis for season one finale Ohana reads: “Captain Milius (Enver Gjokaj) continues to work with Tennant and her team in the aftermath of the prisoner exchange between the US and eastern Europe. “Also, Whistler takes Ernie's (Jason Antoon) advice and makes a grand gesture in the hope of winning Lucy back.” While the latest development in Lucy and Whistler’s romance is bound to get audiences smiling, elsewhere there seems to be a much more deadly storyline on the way. That’s because the trailer for the episode shows Jesse landing himself in a rather perilous position - stepping on a landmine. READ MORE: Chris O'Donnell wife: Who is the NCIS Los Angeles actor married to? Anguish is prevalent right from the get-go in the promo as Whistler is left concerned at the team’s HQ. “Whatever’s coming next will be bigger than what’s come before,” Whistler tells the rest of her team. Tennant then weighs in to echo her colleague’s concern about the mystery attacker they’ll face: “He’s not done.” Later, Jesse and the team are shown bursting into an unknown location while he can be heard over the top: “War materials, guns, munitions.” “An explosive chemical compound,” Kai then says to Boom Boom (Sharif Atkins). “Now it’s here on the island,” Boom Boom confirms before the promo cuts to Jesse and Kai. Jesse and Kai then make their way to another unknown location but it’s safe to say they’re much more on edge. In fact, Kai’s left incredibly panicked when he spots a trap - although Jesse isn’t as aware. DON'T MISS:NCIS LA Viewers left ‘speechless’ after deep fake culprit is exposedNCIS LA: Chris O’Donnell’s son stopped from starring in CBS seriesNCIS’ McGee star speaks out on Gibbs’ return “Jesse, wait!” Kai screams in the promo but it’s too late as Jesse’s foot presses down on a landmine. Jesse can only react in shock as he’s stopped in his tracks. “Leave right now,” Jesse calmly says to his colleague who’s sent rushing out of the building along with the rest of the team. The promo then ends with an almighty explosion which knocks Kai unconscious and Jesse nowhere to be seen. Does this mean Jesse has been caught up in the explosion? And if so, will he die in the season one finale? Whatever happens, NCIS Hawaii fans cannot wait as YouTube user Erialc Crasher replied to the trailer: “I'm so excited for the season finale, this looks so good, the action and the story. And to see what's Kate's power of love plan is for Lucy. Ernie is Kacy ship captain here.” jp_1 added: “Ready for the grand gesture. Also, great first season. Excited for season 2!” While Ilahmae Cunanan simply replied: “I’m ready for the season one finale.” (sic) NCIS Hawaii season 1 concludes on CBS on May 23 in the USA. A UK release date remains to be announced.