Manchester United chiefs have given Erik ten Hag the green light to move for Southampton star James Ward-Prowse, according to reports. And it’s also stated that Feyenoord left-back Tyrell Malacia is ‘set’ to join for a fee of £20million. The Red Devils are bracing themselves for a big summer ahead of yet another new era at Old Trafford. Ten Hag was confirmed as United’s new manager last month, with the Ajax boss poised to take over at the end of the season having beaten Mauricio Pochettino to the role. And, now, The Sun say the Dutchman has been given the green light by Red Devils chiefs to move for Southampton star Ward-Prowse. The England international has been a consistent performer for the Saints over the years and has taken his game to new heights under Ralph Hasenhuttl. The 27-year-old is seen as the perfect player to bring energy to their midfield. And while Declan Rice has been mooted as a target, his £150m price tag is currently too steep. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Ward-Prowse would be a good addition to United, especially given the exits that are poised to take place. Nemanja Matic has already confirmed he’ll be leaving at the end of the season after five years with the club. And Paul Pogba is likely to follow him out of the door on a free transfer, too. As well as Ward-Prowse, the publication says United are ‘set’ to seal the signing of Malacia from Feyenoord. The 22-year-old is wanted to provide competition for Luke Shaw, with Alex Telles struggling ever since his arrival from Porto in 2020. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag And it seems as though United are ready to give Ten Hag the backing the club sorely needs as they plot a long way back to the top. As well as Ward-Prowse and Malacia, the Red Devils are also being linked with a host of players from other teams. In goal, United may lose Dean Henderson - who has grown frustrated at playing second fiddle to David De Gea. And that’s led to links to West Brom’s Sam Johnstone, who previously came up through the Red Devils’ academy. United are planning to sign a centre-back this summer with Harry Maguire toiling and Eric Bailly and Phil Jones primed to depart. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Manuel Akanji, Jurrien Timber and Pau Torres have been tipped to join amid uncertainty over their futures at Borussia Dortmund, Ajax and Villarreal respectively. As well as Rice and Ward-Prowse, Kalvin Phillips has emerged as a target for the midfield. But he’s unlikely to leave Leeds for Old Trafford and follow in the footsteps of the likes of Alan Smith and Eric Cantona, who tarnished their legacies at Elland Road by crossing the divide. And, up top, United are in the frame to land Darwin Nunez from Benfica with the 22-year-old bagging 33 goals across all competitions this term. Meanwhile, former Liverpool star John Barnes feels United need to make wholesome changes this summer. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Erik Ten Hag cannot get rid of players at Manchester United if they don’t want to leave the club, and their fans must understand that,” Barnes told BonusCodeBets. “Media will talk about them having to get rid of this player or that player but if they are on three or four-year deals then you can’t just get rid of them. “Of course, they’d like to get rid of them, but unless another club offers the same salary or more, then they won’t leave. Players have all the power. “We know they want to get rid of their players, and for United to get where they want to be quickly, that is something that must be done. “If the manager believes it’s the right time [to move on from this group of players], then it is.”