While this will sound unnerving and could cause an individual to fear they have Parkinson’s, it is important to note this form of dermatitis is particularly prevalent among the general population. The APDA says in Parkinson’s patients the condition is “thought to be caused by over-secretion of oils from the sebaceous glands in the skin. “In much the same way that dysfunction of the autonomic nervous system cause non-motor symptoms in Parkinson’s such as blood pressure dysregulation and urinary abnormalities, autonomic dysfunction of the nerves that control the oil glands of the face can cause seborrheic dermatitis”. Furthermore, a recent study has found this form of dermatitis was associated with an increased risk of Parkinson’s. READ MORE: Harry H. Corbett’s fight with heart attacks The NHS describes dermatitis as “a type of eczema triggered by contact with a particular substance”. Eczema is an umbrella of conditions where the skin becomes dry and irritated. The NHS says: “Contact dermatitis usually improves or clears up completely if the substance causing the problem is identified and avoided. “Treatments are also available to help ease the symptoms.”   While dermatitis is a common skin condition, for many it can be chronic and, as a result, cause deterioration in mental health due to lowered self-esteem. In recent years studies have begun to look at whether this forms part of a snowballing effect, and whether poor mental health can be linked to a worsening of dermatitis. A review of studies related to dermatitis, eczema, and mental health has found eczema increases the risk of anxiety or depression. Published in the journal PLOS ONE, the research was conducted by the Sixth Affiliated Hospital of Kunming Medical University in China. Researchers discovered eczema was associated with a 64 percent increased risk of depression and a 68 percent increased risk of anxiety. As to why eczema causes this increased risk of anxiety Beth Goldstein said: “Social isolation and stigmatisation can certainly occur as many patients experience their dermatitis on areas of their bodies that are public such as the face, neck, and hands.” Goldstein added this can make “intimate relationships very difficult to navigate” given the aesthetic nature of eczema and dermatitis. Meanwhile Dermatologist Vivian Shi added: “It is extremely important to address the mental health component of eczema because the stress can cause flare-ups or worsen existing symptoms.” Shi said treating the mental health side of eczema was “crucial to maximise treatment benefits”.