Martin Lewis urged more help for those with crippling conditions as he backed the Daily Express End Disability Bills Crisis campaign. Martin, 50, the founder of website moneysavingexpert.com, warned yesterday: "We can't brush this under the carpet. We are on the edge of a precipice of catastrophe when it comes to people paying their bills, especially disabled people on lower incomes and with extra challenges.  "The nature of so many disabilities and serious illnesses means through no fault of their own, they have much higher energy usage." He added: "Many are simply petrified about how they're going to cope. They don't know how they're going to manage to pay the bills. "Someone paying £2,500 a year for their energy bills before April is paying £3,700 now - and that will be more than £5,000 when the next rise hits in October. "That's unaffordable for many people, especially disabled people." This newspaper and other groups are calling on the Government and energy firms to step in with immediate targeted financial relief, starting with a £200 grant. Households caring for a disabled person pay more because they have extra washing, electric wheelchairs, oxygen machines and other equipment that needs to be powered. Around 900,000 people with disabilities are said to be in fuel poverty and if typical energy bills rise as feared, that figure could hit 2.1 million, says Scope, the disability equality charity. It found that disabled people are more than twice as likely to have a cold house and three times as likely to be unable to afford food. More than three-quarters have had to slash their household spending.  Meanwhile, research by the Food Foundation shows severely disabled people are five times more at risk of food poverty than the able-bodied. Martin, who was made a CBE earlier this year for services to broadcasting and consumer rights, said: "We need to have processes in place to help some of the most vulnerable people in society. "I specifically put this point to Health Secretary Sajid Javid on TV before the March Budget. "He specifically told me he would be championing these people and this issue in Cabinet."    But Martin added: "As of yet, I am not aware of any new action. There has been no result from his 'championing' and if there has and I've missed it, he could give me a call and let me know." He said: "We are living through a genuine cost-of-living crisis. The link between money and mental health is very powerful and there's also a connection between money and physical health when you can't heat homes or cook a hot meal. "We know something is coming, so the sooner we take action the better. We can't wait until we fall over the precipice. "It's helpful to know the ambulance is coming, but at the moment we don't even know if someone has dialled 999." 