Manchester United starlet Alejandro Garnacho is set to be rewarded with a new deal at Old Trafford after helping the Red Devils to their latest FA Youth Cup triumph on Wednesday evening, according to reports. The 17-year-old has emerged as one of United's brightest prospects over the course of this season and has been named in Ralf Rangnick's first-team squad for each of their last six Premier League matches. Garnacho was the hero on Wednesday night as United lifted the FA Youth Cup after beating Nottingham Forest in the final at Old Trafford, scoring two second-half goals to secure a 3-1 victory over the Championship outfit on home soil. He is now in line to receive a new and improved deal with the Red Devils as a welcome reward for his good form and hard work at youth and senior level, according to the Daily Mail.It is claimed that Garnacho will be offered fresh terms in the not-too-distant future and is expected to replicate the likes of Marcus Rashford and Anthony Elanga by signing a new contract within months of making his first-team debut. The teenage forward only penned his first deal at United in July of last year but has come on leaps and bounds in the months since and will reportedly be rewarded for his impressive showings before the start of next season.Garnacho was recently named United's young player of the year, following in the footsteps of Ryan Giggs and Paul Scholes by picking up the Jimmy Murphy Award earlier this week. The Madrid-born winger was also called up by Argentina for the first time back in March and trained with Lionel Messi and the rest of their senior squad before representing their under-18 side against the United States. JUST IN: Man Utd dealt Nunez transfer blow as PSG open with big-money bid It remains to be seen what the coming seasons may hold for Garnacho at United once he eventually puts pen to paper to extend his stay at Old Trafford. He is expected to form part of United's first-team squad for their pre-season travels to Thailand and Australia but it seems possible that he could eventually go out on loan to a lower-league side in order to gain some much-needed experience at senior level.Garnacho joined United from Atletico Madrid for a fee of around £420,000 back in 2020, turning down the likes of Borussia Dortmund in order to make the switch to England. He recently insisted that he was delighted with how the current campaign has progressed for him before declaring that he and his family are settled in Manchester and will not be looking to leave the area any time soon."It’s been a great season so far and a very busy and intense one for me, having been involved in various competitions," Garnacho told United's official website earlier this year. "It’s a real shame about the UEFA Youth League, where we were knocked out in a penalty shoot-out in the last 16, but in the Youth Cup we’re through to the final and let’s see if, with a bit of luck, we can go on to win it. The whole team and I are going to do everything we possibly can to try and win it, we’re really enjoying the season, though, for sure."I’ve been living here now for 18 months with my family, my parents and my brother. We’re really happy here and we like Manchester and the town where we are living a lot, as well as the people here, too."We’re very happy living here and we’re also very grateful to the club for the way in which they welcomed us and helped me so much when I first got here. We couldn’t be happier." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here