Paul Scholes believes finishing in the Premier League top four would be a successful first season at Manchester United for Erik ten Hag. The Dutch manager has replaced Ralf Rangnick at Old Trafford on a three-year contract. Ten Hag has a huge job on his hands to turn United's fortunes around. The Red Devils suffered their worst season in the Premier League in terms of point tally. They finished the campaign in sixth, sneaking into the Europa League despite a final day defeat at Crystal Palace. United have not won a trophy since winning Europe's second-tier club competition under Jose Mourinho in 2017. Scholes knows Ten Hag has a massive task to have an immediate impact at his old club. But he thinks getting back into the Champions League would prove to be a good first campaign for the 52-year-old in England. READ MORE: Man Utd hero Scholes backs ruthless Erik ten Hag decisions - 'Expect them to be gone'  Scholes told Premier League Productions: "It's going to be difficult, it's a massive job, a major job that we all know to get closer to Manchester City and Liverpool, even to get closer to Tottenham and Chelsea. I can't believe I'm saying that but you're 13, 14 points off them as well. "So he's got a major job just to get them into the Champions League. I think finishing fourth next year will be seen as some kind of success." United haven't won a Premier League title since the retirement of legendary former manager Sir Alex Ferguson in 2013. The signings of Raphael Varane, Jadon Sancho and Cristiano Ronaldo saw some tip that drought to be brought to an end this season. However, it turned out to be a disastrous campaign at Old Trafford. Manchester City clinched the title on Sunday, finishing a massive 35 points clear of their local rivals. DON'T MISSArsenal 'outbid West Ham' with Aaron Hickey offer as Mikel Arteta transfer business begins [GOSSIP]Liverpool 'have dream transfer for 2023' after Tchouameni's private declaration [TRANSFERS]Man Utd's Ronaldo brutally taken down as Man City teenager's jibe comes to light [REPORT]  Ten Hag held his first press conference as United boss this week. But when asked how long it would take to challenge for top spot again, he refused to commit to an answer. He said: "I don’t think about that in this moment. What we are thinking about is that this is a project, which I know always takes time, but I know that in this club – and I have experience with other clubs like Ajax and Bayern Munich – we want to win. "We want to win every game, so we go from game to game and then we will see."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here