Fancy joining Sky but don't want to pay the usual high price? You need to hurry up and take advantage of a pretty epic discount. The firm has a swathe of deals available right now, see all the best offers here, but one that stands out has to be the Sky Q Lite bundle. This plan, which goes up in price soon, includes access to over 250 channels - via the award-winning Sky Q box - including BBC, ITV, Channel 4 plus services such as Sky Arts, Film4, Paramount Network and Dave. Along with all that telly to watch there's broadband thrown in as well with customers getting Sky's basic 36Mbps internet as part of the plan. That speed is fast enough for streaming Netflix, whizzing around the web and checking your daily dose of emails. YOU CAN SEE THE SKY Q LITE BUNDLE HERE The only thing you need to be aware of before hitting the "buy" button is that Sky Q Lite only includes standard Freeview channels and not any of Sky's more premium content. Channels such as Sky Atlantic, National Geographic and Sky Max can be added but this does cost an extra £9 per month. If that hasn't put you off and you think Sky Q Lite is perfect for your needs then you haven't got long to sign up before prices increase. Sky has confirmed that its current deal is ending on Thursday so you'll need to be quick if you only fancy paying that bargain £30 per month fee. As well as that Sky Q Lite deal coming to an end there is another offer from Sky - that includes broadband for free - which also stops later this week. The firm is currently dishing out internet access when customers sign up for the popular Sky Q and Netflix bundle. This freebie cuts the price of this package down to just £26 per month and it even includes access to channels such as Sky Atlantic, Sky Max, National Geographic and MTV. The only thing to be aware of is that the free broadband lasts for the first six months of the 18-month contract with things then rising back to the standard £56.50 fee for the rest of the term. You also only get 59Mbps speeds which are fine for homes that simply want to send a few emails, browse the web and watch Netflix but might not be ideal for busy homes that have lots of people streaming and making video calls at the same time. SEE THE FREE BROADBAND DEAL HERE