Camilla, 74, is on her final day of the Canada royal tour with Prince Charles. It was a rainy day as Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall departed Ottawa for Yellowknife, where they were set to conclude their three-day Canadian tour. The couple met with Indigenous leaders and community organizations in Yellowknife, the capital of the Northwest Territories.  The Duchess of Cornwall wore her red Fiona Clare dress, which she is usually pictured wearing around Christmastime. However, the weather in Yellowknife right now is roughly one degrees Celsius. This explains why Camilla has been wearing fluffy hats and coats so far on this tour. The vertical stripes at the top of her Fiona Clare dress helped to elongate Camilla’s figure, and the red was an excellent choice helping the royal to stand out.  Red is also the national colour of Canada – in a nod to their country’s flag. Camilla paired the dress with her black cape, which she has worn many times particularly during colder weather. Stylist Melita Latham previously spoke to Express.co.uk about the Duchess’ choice of jacket. She said: “It’s flattering and is less restrictive than a coat so the perfect choice when out on royal visits.  “Her cape allows her to layer up on these chilly days so her choice was a smart one. “It’s chic and can be matched with any outfit.” Camilla chose a rare necklace to pair with this outfit. The long tan, leather necklace reached her bellybutton, and it also had light blue beads running through it.  It is unclear what the necklace was supposed to symbolise, however it was most likely a gift from the Indigenous leaders and communities that the couple met in Yellowknife. Camilla made a sweet tribute to the fact she was visiting Yellowknife which is in the Northwest Territories of Canada. She wore a brooch with the floral emblem of the Northwest Territories, which is a Dryas Octopetala. The flower is a type of daisy, and Camilla’s daisy brooch was against a brown backdrop and decorated with a white outline.  The Duchess chose to accessorise with her Chanel Coco Top Handle Black in size small, which she almost always brings on public engagements. The bag is no longer in stock, however the iconic item originally retailed for an outstanding £3,350. She completed her look with gorgeous glowing makeup and her signature bouncy blonde blow-dry. The couple flew home to the UK last night after concluding their Canadian tour in Yellowknife. 