The Duke and Duchess of Sussex announced in early May they were travelling across the pond to join the Queen in her celebrations for the historic Platinum Jubilee. Royal biographer Andrew Morton claimed Meghan and Harry's absence from England during the long bank holiday weekend dedicated to the Queen would have had a negative impact on people. The author of the newly-released biography The Queen told Express.co.uk: "With the Queen as head of state, the Jubilee is both a family and state event. "The Sussexes are attending the family events. "Is it an olive branch? Yes, I think everybody would have been mortified if they had stayed in California." Mr Morton added this would have been the case in particular because the Duke of Sussex had paid a visit to the Queen in April. He added: "Especially as Harry had made a flying visit to see the Queen to Holland on his way to the Invictus Games." The Duke and Duchess of Sussex stopped at Windsor Castle on their way to The Hague for the Invictus Games. Sitting down for an interview with US journalist Hoda Kotb a few days after his brief trip to the UK, the Duke candidly said he was not yet sure whether he would attend the Jubilee celebrations in person. Asked if he thought he would travel to Britain in June, he said: "I don't know yet. There's lots of things with security issues and everything else. READ MORE: Meghan fights back tears as Duchess honours 21 killed at Texas school "So, this is what I'm trying to do, trying to make it possible that I can get my kids to meet her." In September last year, Harry sought a judicial review of the Home Office's decision not to let him pay for his family's police protection when they are in the UK. Following his latest visit to the Queen, it was reported Harry was "fairly pleased" with how the hybrid security operation put in place for him and Meghan had worked, raising hopes the Sussexes would be able to travel once again to the UK without any security concern. A few days later, a spokesperson for the Sussexes said: "Prince Harry and Meghan, the Duke and Duchess of Suss are excited and honoured to attend The Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations this June with their children."  This journey won't just give the family of four the chance to pay tribute to Her Majesty and her historic 70th year on the throne. It will also provide the possibility for members of the Royal Family to be introduced in person to Lili, born on June 4 last year. Moreover, the 11th great-grandchild of the Queen is also set to celebrate her first birthday in England, as it falls in the midst of the Jubilee celebrations. Meghan and Harry officially stepped down as senior royals at the end of March 2020. This means they won't be among the full-time working members of the Firm invited to step onto the balcony of Buckingham Palace on June 2. Traditionally, the whole Royal Family is invited to the balcony to watch the RAF flypast. However, this year the Queen decided to limit this honour only to a restricted group. A statement released by Buckingham Palace in early May read: "After careful consideration, The Queen has decided this year’s traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday 2nd June will be limited to Her Majesty and those Members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of The Queen." The Jubilee celebrations will last from June 2 to June 5. The Duke and Duchess will most likely be able to attend events open to the whole family, including the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral. This would be the first major royal event the pair attend together and the largest royal gathering they are at since their nuptials in May 2018. Other family events planned for the Jubilee include the races during Epsom Derby on June 4 and the Platinum Pageant on the last day of the celebrations.