The former EastEnders star revealed she will be teaming up with Strictly Come Dancing professional Kevin Clifton for her musical debut. Maisie, who was runner-up in the 2020 series of the BBC ballroom competition with Gorka Márquez, shared the exciting news with Lorraine Kelly on her ITV talk show. Maisie first performed with Kevin during the Strictly's Children In Need special back in 2019 where they were crowned champions. She was in the celebrity line-up for the following year's season of the competition, but she lost out on the Glitterball Trophy to Bill Bailey and his pro partner Oti Mabuse. The 20-year-old actress also performed in the live tour last year after 2021 finalist AJ Odudu pulled out on medical advice following an injury. Maisie revealed to Lorraine she is now back in the ballroom with Kevin, and she is also teaming up with Strictly judge Craig Revel Horwood. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom's Eliza Butterworth on co-star Alexander Dreymon They are all part of the Strictly Ballroom the Musical tour which Craig is choreographing. Craig and Kevin confirmed they were part of the show prior to Wednesday's instalment of Lorraine. As Kevin was discussing the project, Maisie walked out to announce she would be joining him during a chat with the Scottish broadcaster. "It's brilliant," an excited Maisie told Lorraine. "Obviously, we met a couple of years ago.  "I started my brief Strictly journey with you so it is only fitting we get to continue it now." Lorraine asked: "So you danced together for the Children In Need special, didn't you? "You won that, didn't you, that was in 2019, wasn't it?" Maisie nodded and was asked about her Strictly journey which began before the coronavirus pandemic. DON'T MISS...AJ Odudu talks former Strictly partner Kai Widdrington's new romance [UPDATE]Strictly's Dianne Buswell shares uncertainty over marrying Joe Sugg  [LATEST]Gethin Jones breaks silence on Strictly: It Takes Two absence [STRICTLY] Maisie admitted to Lorraine: "It is a blur, it's just pre-Covid in my eyes." Lorraine told the actress she thought she was "really good" on Strictly and reminded her how close she got to winning the entire series. The professional line-up for this year's 20th series of Strictly was announced earlier this year, but the list of celebrities taking part has not been revealed yet. However, it was recently announced Bruno Tonioli would be returning to the Strictly Come Dancing panel.  Craig has issued a statement about Maisie and Kevin working on his musical, saying: "I'm delighted that the super talented Maisie Smith is joining Kevin Clifton on the Strictly Ballroom UK tour. "I can't wait to see them dance together again. Expect some sexy moves, sizzling costumes and a simply sensational evening! I know that they'll both be FAB-U-LOUS!" The tour kicks off this September and will run in various cities around the UK until next July. Lorraine continues on weekdays at 9am on ITV. 