Red Bull advisor Helmut Marko believes Charles Leclerc should have faced a ‘drastic penalty’ for missing the weighbridge during qualifying in Monaco on Saturday. The Ferrari driver claims he did not see the signal requesting that he enter the weighbridge, which led to him driving past.   Luckily for Leclerc, Ferrari noticed the error and rolled his car back into the checkpoint. Had they not done so, the Monégasque would undoubtedly have faced a penalty. But Marko believes Leclerc should have been punished regardless, despite conceding that Red Bull will not be making an official complaint. “If you punish this consistently, as you do in the junior classes, then there will be a drastic penalty. He drove by. They didn’t change the car, but according to the regulations, it should be a penalty,” the 79-year-old told Austrian outlet ORF. Marko added that he did not want to see Max Verstappen’s world championship rival punished because of the bad luck he had previously faced at the Monaco Grand Prix. Leclerc has never even seen the chequered flag at his home race but starts in pole position ahead of Sunday’s race. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton throws weight behind Leclerc to beat Verstappen “I don’t wish it on him because he’s had so much bad luck in Monte Carlo. But I don’t think you can say that pushing back will solve this offence,” Marko continued. “I don’t think we need to intervene. This was so clear. There are other teams that are also behind him and everyone is there interested in moving up the ranks. We are officially not going to do anything.” FIA laws suggest that Leclerc only avoided a penalty because no work was carried out on his car before Ferrari made him return to the weighbridge. Article 35.1 b) states: “Any driver who fails to stop when asked to do so, and then fails to bring the car back to the FIA garage, or if work is carried out on the car before it is returned to the FIA garage, will be referred to the stewards.” DON'T MISS...Sergio Perez and Carlos Sainz crash in qualifying at Monaco Grand PrixMartin Brundle picks 'team to beat' out of Red Bull, Ferrari, MercedesLeclerc weighs in on Red Bull prioritising Verstappen over Perez Leclerc has never finished at the Monaco Grand Prix, let alone won the race, but he will start on pole alongside team-mate Carlos Sainz. It could be significant for the 24-year-old, who relinquished top spot in the world championship to Verstappen in Barcelona last week. He explained how he missed the signal to enter the weighbridge: “It’s a very tricky one here because we get into the pits and I actually don’t even know where the panel is, whether it’s on the right or left, but it’s very far so you don’t look in that direction. “So actually, I didn’t see at all that I was called to the weighbridge. But luckily for me, the team saw the alarm and just told me to stop and they pushed me back.”  