One of the most popular looks to achieve this year is a bouncy blow dry and it’s perfect on any hair length. A style that’s been popularised by Kate Middleton, achieve the look and bag a bargain on a set of hot rollers. Bouncy curls have become super popular this year and you can get salon-looking curls at home easily with hot rollers. Perfect on both short and long hair lengths, hot rollers add volume to the hair and are also quicker to use than other styling methods. The Remington Proluxe Heated Rollers has quickly become one of the most popular hair tools on Amazon for getting the look and is now discounted for less than £45. The rollers are super easy to use, making it beginner-friendly and once it’s in place, you can enjoy being hands free as it cool down. The Remington Proluxe Heated Rollers come with 20 velvet rollers including eight medium (25mm) and 12 large (32mm) sizes, which is sufficient enough for a whole head. In a unique space-saving case, it only takes 90 seconds to heat up and five minutes to do an entire set of curls. Although the rollers are heated, the velvet material makes it safe to touch and it’s got grip technology which allows you to easily roll up sections of hair without bits falling off. Complete with OptiHeat Technology, it makes curls that last all day and the jumbo clippers are incredibly easy to clip on to all hair thicknesses. On sale now for a short time, shoppers can save 15 percent off its original price. Shoppers can now buy the Remington Proluxe Heated Rollers for £44.99 on Amazon. It’s also reduced here to £44.99 on Boots. Amazon orders also include free delivery. To achieve more volume, use the larger rollers at the top of the head. Some 71 percent of reviewers have given it a five star rating. Rekha Chan wrote: “Rollers heat up so fast. Hair curls in next to no time. Money well spent!” Tracy also commented: “Best curls ever! I have naturally curly hair that is just frizzy and these give me soft beautiful curls that hold.” Shop the Remington Proluxe Heated Rollers on Amazon here.