Charlene, Princess of Monaco and her daughter Princess Gabriella wore custom Terrence Bray outfits to the Monte Carlo Fashion Awards on Tuesday night. Gabriella’s dress was a blue and purple floral floor-length gown with only one shoulder. Charlene’s dress matched the one-shoulder style that her daughter was wearing, as she wore a floor-length white silk gown.  However, Charlene’s dress had sheer long sleeves on both sides, despite the main material of the dress only covering one shoulder. The Award Ceremony is held during Monte-Carlo Fashion Week of which Princess Charlene is the Patron. Princess Charlene and Princess Gabriella presented this year’s Emerging Designer Award to Abdul Al-Romaizan for his brand Ramzen. Before the ceremony, Princess Charlene shared a sweet photo with Princess Gabriella taken while they were getting ready for the ceremony. READ MORE: Princess Eugenie 'maintains steady weight' but is 'adventurous eater' Princess Charlene and Princess Gabriella both wore custom-made gowns by Terrence Bray. Princess Charlene also wore Stuart Weitzman pumps. Her Leigh 95 Pumps are sleek with a sharply pointed toe and stiletto heel. Charlene paired these with her Repossi earrings and rings. She chose her ‘Repossi Serti Sur Vide 18-karat 3 Pear Diamonds Ring in Rose Gold’. This ring has a double band and according to the product description, “creates the illusion the 1.05-carats of pear-cut diamonds are floating weightlessly on your finger.” Royal fans took to social media to praise the royal duo’s style. Twitter user @duchessangi said: “She is stunning. I’m glad she is on the mend. “Princess Gabriella is adorable too!”  Instagram user @sumoonsamy added: “How gorgeous.” Another fan, @amandinha_crystal wrote: “So happy to see them together and shining brighter.” Similarly, @kerryburgio commented: “She looks exquisite, so thrilled to see her looking so well.” Instagram account @marlizkwong said: “Princess Charlene looks ethereal.”  Royal watcher @heidimariescott wrote: “I love the sleeves on Princess Charlene’s gorgeous dress. “How they’re sheer over her shoulders and then flow down to that pretty cuff with the ruffle. “So feminine and unique. “Charlene rocks that haircut and cool makeup.” 