Buckingham Palace announced earlier this month Her Majesty, after "careful consideration", had decided to only invite working members of the Firm to make an appearance on the balcony of her residence in London on June 2. This means Meghan, Prince Harry and their children will be among the members of the Royal Family not allowed to watch the Trooping the Colour parade and the RAF flypast alongside the sovereign. The decision made by the Queen has been approved by an overwhelming share of Britons in a new poll. Carried out by Techne UK on a sample size of 1,626 UK adults between May 11 and 12, the survey showed 80 percent of the people polled responded 'yes' to the question "Is the Queen right to exclude Harry and Meghan and their children from the Buckingham Palace Balcony for her Jubilee weekend celebration?" Only 14 percent of the people surveyed replied 'no' to the question, while six percent said they didn't know. The majority of those polled in all age groups are said to be approving of the Queen's move. People in the younger age bracket, 18 to 34, gave the highest percentage of negative answers, with 19 percent responding 'no' to the question posed by the poll against 73 percent saying 'yes'. This number decreased gradually as the age of those polled increased, with only eight percent of people aged over 64 percent replying 'no' to the question against a whopping 90 percent agreeing with the Queen. Her Majesty's decision regarding the balcony ban found agreement also among voters of different parties. Those said to have voted for the Conservative Party in the 2019 general election presented the highest percentage of positive answers to the survey's question, with only nine percent of those polled saying they didn't agree with the Queen's move against 89 percent in favour. READ MORE: Royal Family: Kate's security is 'constant worry' Seventy nine percent of the Labour voters surveyed responded 'yes', with only 14 percent responding it wasn't right for the Queen to exclude the Sussexes from the balcony. Similarly, 79 percent of Lib Dem voters agreed with Her Majesty's move against 17 percent who responded 'no' to the question. When analysing the results by political preference, the highest percentage of those polled thinking the Queen was wrong in preventing Meghan, Harry and their children Lilibet 'Lili' Diana and Archie Harrison from making a balcony appearance on Trooping the Colour can be found among Green Party voters. Among these, 30 percent replied 'no' to the question, while 68 percent said 'yes'. Prince Harry and Meghan relinquished their senior roles within the Firm at the end of March 2020. They have since created a new life for themselves in California, where they are carving out a new path as content producers for Netflix and Spotify and advocates of causes close to their hearts. Shortly after it was announced the Queen would only invite working members of the Firm on the balcony on the first day of celebrations for the Jubilee, a spokesperson for Meghan and Harry said they would travel back to the UK with their family to mark the sovereign's historic year. They said: "Prince Harry and Meghan, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, are excited and honoured to attend The Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations this June with their children." While they are unlikely to be playing an active role throughout the Platinum Jubilee weekend, the Sussexes have been tipped to be able to attend events open to wider members of the Firm such as the service of thanksgiving for the Queen's reign at St Paul's Cathedral. This trip to London will provide the chance for the Queen to meet in person for the first time Lili, born on June 4 last year. Moreover, the Queen hasn't seen face-to-face her eighth great-grandson Archie for several months, as he travelled to Canada with his parents in November 2019 and has yet to return. The Sussexes aren't the only non-working members of the Royal Family to have been affected by the balcony ban. Prince Andrew and his daughters Princess Eugenie and Princess Beatrice, who have regularly stayed on the balcony for Trooping the Colour in past years, will not join the Queen on June 2. Similarly, Princess Anne's children Zara Tindall and Peter Phillips won't be there. On the other hand, the second husband of the Princess Royal, Sir Timothy Laurence will reportedly be allowed to stand on the balcony. Five more non-working members of the family are also to be on the balcony - the three children of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and the son and daughter of the Earl and Countess of Wessex.