EastEnders resident Ben Mitchell (played by Max Bowden) became the centre of a horrific sexual assault storyline after being raped by bartender Lewis Butler (Aidan O’Callaghan). Before the horrific scenes played out, BBC bosses confirmed they were working with several charities including Survivors UK, Survivors Manchester and the Male Survivors Partnership in order to portray the storyline as sensitively as possible. In recent weeks, bartender Lewis had driven a wedge between Ben and Callum Highway (Tony Clay) with the mechanic confiding in Lewis over his husband. At the time, viewers complained as they watched the scenes unfold, with many admitting it was "difficult to watch". It has since been revealed that the storyline sparked complaints from viewers who were "unhappy with some of the content in this episode". In a statement released to the BBC's complaints website, the broadcaster defended Ben's storyline. READ MORE: ‘I wasn't a big fan’ Outlander's Caitriona Balfe speaks on key change The broadcaster explained it wanted to highlight and raise awareness of such an important issue. The statement began: "EastEnders has been a pre-watershed BBC One staple for over 37 years and has a rich history of dealing with challenging and difficult issues and Ben’s story is one of these. "We have worked closely with organisations and experts in the field to tell this story which we hope will raise awareness of sexual assaults and the issues surrounding them. "We are always mindful of the timeslot in which EastEnders is shown and we took great care to signpost this storyline prior to transmission, through on-air continuity and publicity as well as providing a BBC Action Line at the end of the episode which offers advice and support to those affected by the issue." The assault scene, which aired on May 23, saw Lewis and Ben head upstairs in the Prince Albert and things got heated between the pair. However, after receiving a selfie from Callum and Lexi Pearce (Isabella Brown), Ben instantly regretted kissing Lewis and changed his mind. When Lewis tried to kiss Ben again, the mechanic pushed him off and said: "I need some water." "Water can wait," Lewis said as he pushed Ben back on the sofa. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Nicola King for affair as lies unravel [SPOILERS]'Things go wrong' Vera's Brenda Blethyn recalls filming blunder [INSIGHT]Alison Hammond shuts down Dermot in awkward relationship probe [VIDEO] "I think we should stop,” Ben pleaded before Lewis replied: "But we have only just started." "You don't get to light a fire if you're not going to put it out," the barman insisted. “I said no," Ben shouted but Lewis ignored his pleas and sexually assaulted him. The episode came to an end with Ben crying on the sofa. "Lock up in here, yeah," Lewis told him. "I just need to grab my stuff." Discussing the tragic storyline, the actor who plays Ben said: "Alongside some wonderful charities, and some very inspirational survivors of male sexual assault in the UK, I think we've been able to really strive to tell the most truthful account we can, and I hope we can raise awareness and understanding on a topic that is rarely covered. “I'm honoured to be given this opportunity to tell such an important story." BBC’s head of continuing drama Kate Oates added: “Ben has endured a traumatic time after witnessing a homophobic attack on Callum that brought back painful memories of losing Paul. "As a result, Ben lost his way in life… which is when he found Lewis. Ben finds Lewis attractive and thinks of him as someone who can understand him in a way Callum does not, but that trust is abused when Lewis crosses a line and rapes Ben. "Through this story, we hope to explore issues of consent, sexual identity, masculinity and sexual assault, focusing on how this fateful night impacts Ben and those who love him over the coming months." You can contact Survivors UK here for support on men and non-binary people who have been affected by rape or sexual assault. You can speak to a support worker by texting them on 020 3322 1860 EastEnders airs weekdays at 7.30pm on BBC One.