The Late Late Show host, 43, who is the highest-paid British TV presenter, spoke out about his friendship with the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. He spoke of the couple with warm enthusiasm, saying that he is a “huge fan” of theirs. The comic said that he has visited the royals’ luxury mansion in Montecito, California, which is worth £11million, for a play date along with his wife and kids. James Corden has three kids with his wife, Julia Carey. Their eldest is an 11-year-old boy Max, and their two daughters are Carey, 7 and Charlotte, 4. The youngsters have socialised with the Duchesses’ 3-year-old son Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor and the little baby Lilibet Diana, who is 11 months old. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will be returning to the UK to attend the Queen's Jubilee celebrations. Harry has stated that he wants young Lilibet to have the chance to meet her great-grandmother. Answering whether he has been at the couple’s stunning residence, James Corden told the Sun: “I have - It was more a sort of play date scenario [with the kids]. And he added: “Then we went out for dinner after, it was lovely. Obviously I’m not telling you any more. Obviously.” And then the comic recalled a joke that he did when he was a guest at the couple’s wedding at Windsor Castle. READ MORE: James Corden 'desperate' to land Rolling Stones in farewell chat showJames Corden names Prince Harry ‘devoted father’ amid kid's play dates He said: “[At the evening reception], I did make a joke, dress­­ed up as Henry VIII, and told everyone: ‘George Clooney’s here, so congratulations on your new Nespresso machine, guys!’ ”. Asked about his opinion on Harry and Meghan, James Corden said: “I’m a huge fan of both of them. “Obviously I know Harry better than I know Meghan but I think it’s really hard to judge or be judgmental. “People process things and deal with things in different ways and that’s OK, and it’s all right to think whatever you think about somebody. “I don’t know if it necessarily needs to be voiced the whole time but my experience of them has been nothing but positive. DON'T MISS: James Corden to make surprise UK return for final Late Late ShowJeremy Clarkson unleashes fury over James Corden at Grand PrixMeghan will be using 'not very glamorous' oil when travelling to UK “I have a huge amount of respect and admiration for Harry, and anyone who has been around him and spent time with him would feel exactly the same way. “I think he is a devoted and loving husband and father and I think what they have done [in turning away from royal life] is incredibly brave and I’ll always be in their corner. “I have nothing but admiration and respect for them. I think it’s impossible to judge any of it really.” His comments about the couple sparked outrage among many Twitter users who rushed to criticise him. Meanwhile, the TV presenter recently announced he was quitting his US TV show to return to the UK to be with his family. In response, the deputy leader of the Reclaim party Martin Daubney joked: "Please stay in their corner, in the USA. Yours, Britain."