Jamie Redknapp pretty much nailed his prediction on at the start of the season amid this year's Premier League title tussle between Liverpool and Manchester City. The two titans are fighting it out at the summit ahead of the likes of Chelsea, Arsenal, Manchester United and Tottenham. Ex-Liverpool star Redknapp thought his old side would come close to toppling City in the title race but that Pep Guardiola's men might just scrape ahead to claim the title. And with the season coming to its conclusion, it looks like he has got it pretty much spot on - thanks to Virgil van Dijk. The Sky Sports pundit thought all along that City would lift the title this season - which would be their fourth in five years - while also reckoning that Liverpool will take them to the wire. The former Premier League midfielder also got it right that Van Dijk would prove a massive hit despite his serious injury last year. “This is a season that Liverpool should be really looking forward to: they’ve got the crowd back, they’ve got their talisman back in Virgil van Dijk and they’ll believe that they can win the title,” Redknapp told Sky Sports back in August. “I think City are just marginally ahead. But because of their [Liverpool’s] history and pedigree in winning the title a couple of years ago, there’s no reason why they can’t do it again. “It was shown, last year, what injuries can do to a team. If the wrong player gets injured, it can make all the difference. They’ll be right in amongst it.” Liverpool drew level with City at the top of the Premier League with a nail-biting win over Aston Villa on Tuesday night. Douglas Luiz, who used to play for the Etihad outfit, opened the scoring just moments into the match. But the Reds came back to clinch victory when Joel Matip equalised just minutes later before Sadio Mane's header saw all three points head towards Merseyside. However, City have the chance to retain their lead over their rivals tonight when they take on Wolves at the Molineux. City have been setting the pace for most of the season and were 15 points clear at one moment earlier in the campaign. Liverpool managed to claw it back to one point but their draw against Tottenham at the weekend gave Guardiola's side the advantage. Liverpool have two games left and face Southampton and Wolves in the Premier League with an FA Cup final against Chelsea to contend with as well. The Reds are still in the run-in to land the quadruple but there is plenty of drama to come with a Champions League final against Real Madrid to come later this month.