West Ham United boss David Moyes was shown a red card after a furious touchline outburst during the closing stages of Thursday's defeat at the hands of Eintracht Frankfurt in the Europa League semi-finals. The Hammers needed to win in order to overcome their first-leg deficit but quickly went a goal behind after Aaron Cresswell's early dismissal for a reckless challenge outside the area. West Ham huffed and puffed but were unable to hit back under the lights in Germany, with Frankfurt holding on to set up a mouthwatering clash with Rangers in this year's Europa League final. The match was packed with no shortage of tension from start to finish and things eventually boiled over when Moyes was sent off for kicking the ball at a Frankfurt coach and sparking a fracas between the two benches. Moyes was left aggrieved when he asked the Frankfurt coaches to retrieve the ball, which had gone out of play for a throw-in, before a ball boy dropped it at his feet in an apparent bid to waste time. The Scot was visibly furious as he kicked the ball in the direction of the boy before the referee eventually brandished a red card to send him down the tunnel. The West Ham boss had already been left frustrated by Cresswell's first-half dismissal, which gave the visitors a mountain to climb and ultimately set the tone for the evening in Frankfurt. The Hammers left-back was initially given a yellow card for a last-man foul on the edge of the area before VAR intervened and his initial punishment was upgraded to a sending-off. JUST IN: Roman Abramovich offers update on Chelsea sale as he rubbishes rumours Things got worse for West Ham just moments later when Rafael Santos Borre latched onto Ansgar Knauff's ball into the area to open the scoring for Frankfurt and double their advantage on aggregate. The east Londoners went close in the second half through Michail Antonio and Tomas Soucek but ultimately came up short and will now be forced to make the journey back to England without a Europa League final to look forward to. Meanwhile, Frankfurt will go up against Rangers for the trophy in Seville later this month after the Scottish giants struck late to overcome RB Leipzig in their semi-final second-leg clash at Ibrox. Giovanni van Bronckhorst's men went into the match a goal down on aggregate but managed to turn the tie on its head through James Tavernier and Glen Kamara before the half-time whistle.  Christopher Nkunku, who is said to be a target for several high-profile European sides ahead of the summer transfer window, levelled proceedings after the break to give Leipzig a lifeline and send a palpable nervous energy flowing through the Ibrox stands. However, Rangers eventually went on to find the back of the net through John Lundstram with just minutes left on the clock to book their place in this year's final under dramatic and memorable circumstances. It remains to be seen whether the Glasgow outfit will be able to overcome the challenge posed by Frankfurt when the two sides do battle for Europa League glory on Spanish soil later this month. The match will be a painful one for all those connected with West Ham, though, after failing to prevent their continental dream from turning into a nightmare in Germany. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here