Max Verstappen admitted that he 'did not expect' to extend his points lead in Monaco as he pipped Charles Leclerc to the podium on an eventful afternoon. The Ferrari star was hit hard by a strategic mishap that allowed Red Bull to capitalise, and the Dutchman congratulated team-mate Sergio Perez for notching his third ever Grand Prix win. It was shaping up to be a tough weekend for Verstappen after Ferrari locked out the front row with a strong performance in Saturday qualifying. Leclerc swept all three sessions and put his car on pole, only to be caught out by a pit-lane mistake on lap 22 that sent him into a furious team radio rampage. The Monegasque was consequently denied his 'dream' victory on home turf, while Perez, Verstappen and Carlos Sainz were able to capitalise. Although the Dutchman was unable to mount a challenge for the win, he still claimed a spot on the podium and extended his Championship lead to nine points over Leclerc, who had 'no words' for his team after the chequered flag. DON'T MISS: Lewis Hamilton angry and calls for investigation after Esteban Ocon collision at Monaco GP  "I did the best I could after [qualifying] yesterday," Verstappen told Sky Sports. "As a team we did a really good job with the strategy to get ahead of the Ferraris. As a whole team we can be pleased with the Sunday. It was a hectic one with rain. I extended my points lead which I didn't expect last night, so that's a positive. "When it's wet and you haven't driven around here in the wet and the tyres are slippery, it's difficult. It's easy to make a mistake but nothing crazy happened, apart from Mick [Schumacher], but I heard he's okay. Overall, a decent day. Amazing result for Checo, so I'm very happy for him." Perez had to cling on in the closing stages as he led a four-car train running bumper-to-bumper. Worn out tyres left him unable to pull away from Sainz, who was in hot pursuit, and Verstappen was in no mood to jeopardise his Championship prospects by trying anything audacious from back in third spot. The 32-year-old's precious victory, which makes him the most successful Mexican in F1 history, will taste extra sweet after he was ordered out of the way to let Verstappen past in Spain last weekend. Perez branded the decision 'unfair' and demanded talks with Christian Horner after the incident. All of sudden, he sits just six points behind Leclerc and 15 behind his team-mate in the Drivers' Championship after seven Grand Prix. In a beaming post-race interview, Perez told Sky Sports: "It's a dream come true. As a driver, you dream of winning here. After your home race there is no more special weekend to win. The way we did it, we made it harder for ourselves at the end to bring it home and keep Carlos behind. It wasn't easy. "It's a massive day for myself and for my country. I was running a Pedro Rodriguez helmet today, and I bet he's very proud of what we've achieved together in the sport."