Motsi Mabuse, 41, penned earlier today a heartfelt message on social media after Bruno Tonioli confirmed he will not be returning to Strictly Come Dancing in 2022. The Italian judge announced his departure today alongside Michelle Ackerley and Ronan Keating on The One Show, explaining he wouldn't be returning due to the "travel situation" as he lives in the US. In view of her 529,000 Instagram followers, Motsi thanked Bruno for his “kindness and warmth” when she joined the BBC programme. Sharing two pictures of her time on Strictly, Motsi wished him “all the best” in the future. She said: “Last year’s series of Strictly was one of the highlights of my career, it has had such a real impact to us all which has been incredible to witness. “I am so proud to be a part of this show and I am so looking forward to returning for my fourth series! @bbcstrictly !! “I sincerely want to Thank you @brunotonioliofficial for your kindness and warmth , I came in and I was met with such love.” The professional dancer added: “Wishing you all the best!!!!!!!” In her post, Motsi also admitted she was excited to be back on the judging panel for a new series alongside her co-stars - Anton Du Beke, Shirley Ballas and Craig Revel Horwood. She wrote: “It’s so exciting to be back !!!!!!!!!! “Can’t wait to see you all @shirleyballas @mrantondubeke @craigrevel & what 2022 has in store for us ……… seriously how do you top 2021.” (sic) Motsi concluded her message with the hashtags “#strictly”, “#strictlycomedancing” and “#strictlycomedancing2022”. Fans of the Strictly judge rushed to the post’s comments section to show their support as they shared their excitement for the upcoming series. Jamiedavy_ said: “I can’t wait for Strictly to come back! DON'T MISS...Amber Heard 'slips up' in deposition, Johnny Depp's lawyer claims [INSIGHT]Dick Van Dyke, 96, steps out in rare appearance with young wife, 50 [PICS]Tom Hanks fans cause stir as they spot 'Forrest Gump' watching Queen [COMMENT] “Last series was MAGICAL, this year better be the same!” Judgesjaz commented: “YESSSS so so incredibly happy that you’re back for your fourth series, Motsi!!! “I’m so excited for the show to start, it’s gonna be amazing.” Mabuse.updates wrote: “So proud of you!! Buzzing for this.” The BBC confirmed Anton would be taking Bruno’s place and joining Craig, Motsi and Shirley in a statement released today. Hosts Tess Daly and Claudia Winkleman will also be returning for the 20th series. Strictly Come Dancing returns to BBC One later this year. The One Show airs on BBC One on weekdays at 7pm.