The billionaire CEO of Tesla and SpaceX warned that falling birth rates in many countries around the world are a major global threat. Currently the world’s richest man, Mr Musk noted that “population collapse” would be the biggest problem faced by the world in twenty years. Throughout millennia, human populations have by and large continued to grow, with the birth rate exponentially increasing after the industrial revolution in the 1800s.  Now, recent trends have shown that birth in many countries has begun to slow down, and even reverse in some cases. The biggest example of this trend is Japan, where the population had its largest drop on record, plummeting by 644,000 to just over 125.5 million in the last year. Elon Musk has raised concern over this issue, tweeting: “Population collapse is the biggest threat to civilization.” He also shared a previous talk he held alongside Chinese billionaire Jack Ma in 2019. In the video, he said: “Assuming that AI is fine, assuming that there’s a benevolent future with AI, I think that the biggest problem that the world will face in 20 years is population collapse.   “I want to emphasise this, not explosion, collapse. “It’s very easy to see what the world will look like in twenty years, because humans have a 20-year boot sequence.” “Who was born last year? Now you know what the world will look like in 20 years.” Jack Ma responded: “I absolutely agree with that. The population problem will be facing a huge challenge. “1.4 billion people in China sounds like a lot, but I think in the next twenty years we’ll see that this thing brings big trouble to China. READ MORE: Musk backs British start-up working to extract CO₂ from the air “The population is decreasing on the whole. The speed of the population decreasing is going going to speed up.” Both Mr Musk and Mr Ma agreed with each other and warned of an “accelerating collapse.” Mr Musk continued: “The common rebuttal is ‘what about immigration?’ From where?” He then noted that Mars needs people, citing his previously stated goals of colonising Mars. Mr Musk has previously slammed concerns over climate change and overpopulation, arguing that "the environment is going to be fine" even if the human population "doubled," DON'T MISS: Energy: ‘overlooked solution’ could end Europe's reliance on Russia [INSIGHT] Monkeypox outbreak: Virus has single origin and may be ‘hypermutated’ [REPORT] Energy crisis lifeline as UK company vows to slash £550 off price cap [REVEAL] In a different tweet, Mr Musk shared an alarming graph that showed the fertility rate in the US was alarmingly below the levels needed to replace the population. The graph showed that the total fertility rate, which is an estimate of the average number of babies a woman would have in her lifetime, has been below sustainable levels for nearly decades. In order for a generation to replace itself, the total fertility rate needs to be at least 2.1. The graph showed that after a major post-war spike in the 50s, population growth declined sharply below 2 in the 70s and has continued to stay below the 2.1 threshold. Mr Musk said: “USA birth rate has been below min sustainable levels for ~50 years.” According to data from the world bank, the fertility rate in the UK is currently around 1.9, with the country falling below the 2.1 level in the 70s as well. 