A private chat Sir Alex Ferguson had with Jurgen Klopp may have played a big role in Liverpool's current glory years. Klopp took over at Anfield in 2015, leading the Reds to the Premier League title, Champions League, FA Cup and Carabao Cup in the years since. This season, he took Liverpool to within a point of pipping Manchester City to the title, with the Champions League final still to come on Saturday. His efforts this campaign saw him named the League Manager's Association's Manager of the Year, an award voted for by the full membership of bosses across all the divisions. The trophy is named after Ferguson, who won the award five times during his reign in charge of Manchester United. The legendary Scot handed the award over to Klopp on Tuesday night and revealed that when he first met him 12 years ago he gave him some advice. That advice was “to go to a club with history” but Ferguson admitted “I should have told him to go to Scunthorpe United.” In response, Klopp joked: “I couldn’t understand anything he said… I’ve improved through working with Robbo and Kenny.” READ MORE: Liverpool deny Man City Premier League clean sweep as Klopp pips Pep Klopp is known to respect Ferguson highly, with the Scot's advice likely on his mind when Liverpool came calling. The German revealed his delight at being awarded both the Sir Alex Ferguson trophy and the Premier League Manager of the Season award. “This being voted for by my colleagues is obviously the most important prize you can get. I don’t believe in individual prizes in football generally, it is a team sport and I would be nothing without these boys there. It is all about what we can do together and what we did together," he said. DON'T MISS: Karim Benzema responds to Liverpool star Mohamed Salah's warning (INSIGHT)England boss Southgate sends World Cup message to Sancho, Henderson (NEWS)Liverpool denied Aurelien Tchouameni as Real Madrid 'seal transfer' (TRANSFERS) “It is a great honour and it was an insane season. The last matchday when only two games were meaningless and in the rest, we all played for absolutely everything. It was not the best outcome for us, but we are already over it. “When you win a prize like this you are either a genius or you have the best coaching staff in the world – and I am here with all of my coaching staff; they know how much I appreciate them."