Almost three (2.9) million Britons depend on Personal Independence Payments (PIP), others are put off applying in the first place or have their claim rejected and leave it there. However, it could be worth appealing the DWP’s decision as a significant number of them are overturned, a charity has warned. PIP payments of up to £627 a month are awarded by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to Britons who have a serious health condition. While nearly three million Britons rely on this Government help, thousands of other people are missing out on this vital support. Some go through the process only to find their claim is rejected. A leading charity is urging people to consider appealing PIP decisions as more than half of those who do, have the decision overturned at tribunal. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak 'to offer up to £600' discount to millions this winter On the Citizen’s Advice website it states: “It can take a long time to get to a tribunal hearing - how long it takes will vary depending on where you live. "The process can be draining but it’s worth remembering that more than half of people who appeal their PIP decision win at a tribunal. “If you feel the decision is wrong, don’t be put off appealing. “You can get help with your appeal from your local Citizens Advice, or a local disability support agency.” DON'T MISSSantander is offering savings rates of 2.5% and you only need £1 [UPDATE]Man shocked after receiving false energy bill over £15,000 [ALERT]I never thought I’d be so poor’ Pensioner shares money saving tips [INSIGHT] How to appeal a PIP decision First of all, claimants are directed to contact the DWP to explain their reasoning behind their decision. People can ask the DWP for a mandatory reconsideration which is when it looks at the decision again and decides whether to change it. Britons have one month from the date on the decision letter to ask for Mandatory Reconsideration, which should be done in writing. Once the DWP has looked at its decision again, people should receive a Mandatory Reconsideration Notice which will tell them if it has changed the decision. After that, claimants can take it to a tribunal where it will be considered independently. People can ask for help with their appeal from Citizens Advice, a disability support group or Macmillan Cancer Support. Asking for the free support that’s available can increase someone’s chance of having the decision overturned as professionals will be trained in the process. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Daily living part Lower weekly rate - £61.85Higher weekly rate - £92.40 Mobility part Lower weekly rate - £24.45Higher weekly rate - £64.50 For more information, people can go to Gov.uk. 