Alliums, also known as ornamental onions, are loved for their bulbous yet delicate flowerheads. This stunning plant blooms from spring through to summer, looking particularly attractive in garden borders. Here’s the best time to plant them, and exactly how to grow them for a show of enticing blooms next year, according to Gardeners’ World. This perennial plant is easy to grow at home and is the perfect choice for a bold, long-lasting display. In order for the iconic flowerheads to appear in May and June, Gardeners’ World recommended that alliums should be planted in early to mid-autumn. October and November are the best time to get them going in beds, borders and pots. These gorgeous blooms can be planted from bulbs and will do well when placed directly outdoors in autumn. There is generally no need to establish the bulbs indoors before transplanting as the plant is full hardy and will tolerate the winter weather well. While alliums will thrive in a variety of growing conditions, it is important to position them in a sunny spot with well-drained soil to help them bloom in late spring. Gardeners’ World said: “Alliums do best in a sunny spot in a very well-drained soil. They’re not fussy about soil type. “Plant taller varieties towards the back of a border and shorter-growing types in the front.” Alliums produce foliage before the flowers appear and are better suited in the centre of a border. This makes it easier to hide the faded foliage, allowing the iconic white, purple or pink flowers to remain the star of the show. Potted alliums can look equally as impressive as border-grown flowers, though the strappy foliage is harder to disguise. Planting ornamental onion bulbs is very easy to do once you’ve found the perfect spot. All you need is a spade, some bulbs and a watering can. DON'T MISS:Why this week is the best time to clean your BBQ - exact date [REVEAL]How to sharpen your lawn mower blades - safest method [INSIGHT]How to grow an avocado from the stone - 3 key steps [ANALYSIS] To plant allium bulbs in your garden, start by digging a hole for each bulb in a neat, evenly spaced row. According to Gardeners’ World, the hole should be at least four times the depth of the size of the bulb itself - usually at least 15cm deep. As a general rule, it is better to plant the bulbs too deep rather than too shallow in order to support the tall stems as they grow. Depending on the weather at the time of planting, you won’t need to water the freshly planted bulls if the soil is already moist with rainwater. If the climate is unusually mild for autumn, it is best to lightly water the allium bulbs after planting. 