Chris Evans, 56, made a surprising revelation in his birthday message to Steph McGovern to celebrate her turning 40. The DJ appeared at the end of a star-studded montage while at the Virgin Radio studios. Chris popped up, with a ukulele in hand, and sang happy birthday to the Steph’s Packed Lunch presenter.After he finished the song, Chris pointed at the camera and proclaimed: “Steph, do you remember the time that you fancied my wife more than I did?”He then flashed a cheeky smile before the video came to an end.Chris has been married to professional golfer Natasha Shishmanian, 41, since 2007. READ MORE:How Clint Eastwood REALLY spends his fortune—‘world's richest cowboy!' He was previously married to Billie Piper from 2001 to 2007, and Carol McGiffin from 1991 until 1998.Steph shared the birthday messages to her 425,000 Twitter followers.She captioned the tweet with a myriad of laughing emojis and wrote: “Cracking up at these brilliant video messages.“Getting asked lots of questions now about the last message in this lot too!” Along with Chris, a whole host of famous faces sent their own heartfelt tributes to Steph on her milestone birthday.Dawn French gushed: “I want to thank you for throwing your pants at me all those years ago and forging the friendship that we have which I love.“And do you know what Steph, I love everything about you.”Chris Kamara added: “I cannot believe for one minute that you are 40! That is unbelievable!” DON'T MISSTom Hanks' feud with Ricky Gervais laid bare: 'He's on his high horse'[INSIGHT]Paul O'Grady emotional after being forced to return his foster dog[LATEST]A Place In The Sun presenter Danni Menzies shares racy bedroom selfie[PICTURES] And Miriam Margolyes joked: “I am twice your age!  “Mind you, I don’t look it!”Gemma Atkinson said: “Happy birthday Steph, oh bless you, 40 and fabulous!”Chris and former BBC Breakfast presenter Louise Minchin surprised Steph on Tuesday’s instalment of her Channel 4 show. Louise took over to host the final part of the show, telling tales from Steph’s life and speaking to childhood friends, teachers and former colleagues which included her mentor, Robert Peston.Steph rang in her 40th with a big party on Monday night.The celeb guestlist included Kerry Katona, Denise Van Outen and John Whaite.The birthday girl looked glowing in a blue mini dress with puffed sleeves and even took to the stage for a duet of Whole Again with Atomic Kitten Kerry.