EasyJet is to cancel more than 200 flights over the next 10 days as transport disruption hampers the outset of the half-term break. The airline said the cancellations would affect about 24 flights per day from London's Gatwick airport between May 28 and June 6. Travel journalist Simon Calder has detailed exactly what passengers are entitled to. Speaking to GB News, Mr Calder said: "Thousands of people have got an email from easyJet that their flight has been cancelled, click here for a refund, click here to re-book by the way that's only on easyJet. "They fail to mention the fact that if easyJet can't get you to your destination on the day you were supposed to get there, it has to pay for your ticket on British Airways, Ryanair or Jet2. "Furthermore, they have to give you cash compensation because this is squarely their responsibility and you're entitled to that as well as hotel accommodation if you need that because they've disrupted your holiday plans." EasyJet added the cancellations were "necessary to provide reliable services over this busy period". READ MORE: Liverpool fans hire a SPEEDBOAT to get to France It comes after a software failure forced EasyJet to cancel around 200 flights on Thursday. A spokeswoman for the company said in a statement: "We have taken the decision to make advance cancellations of around 24 Gatwick flights per day starting from tomorrow 28 May until 6 June. "We are very sorry for the late notice of some of these cancellations and inconvenience caused for customers booked on these flights, however we believe this is necessary to provide reliable services over this busy period. "Customers are being informed from today (Friday) and provided with the option to rebook their flight or receive a refund and can apply for compensation in line with regulations." "Over the next week we will be operating around 1700 flights per day, with around a quarter of these operating to and from Gatwick." Elsewhere, Liverpool FC supporters travelling to the Champions League final and families embarking on half-term getaways faced long queues at the Port of Dover and UK airports. Thousands of fans descended on the Kent port on Friday to board cross-Channel ferries en route to Paris for Saturday's match. Airline passengers were also stuck in lengthy queues at airports such as Gatwick, Manchester, Stansted and Bristol. DON'T MISS M25 traffic latest: Travel hell as lanes closed and 20 MILE queues [INSIGHT]'Loose cannon' jet stream to spark erratic heavy rain over Jubilee [ANALYSIS]Best UK regions for a road trip revealed [VIDEO] There is also high demand for sailings from families embarking on trips to the continent for half-term. The port advised passengers to "pack adequate supplies including food and water" as it is expecting "a very busy week ahead". Meanwhile, Tui has announced a "small number" of flight cancellations and delays in a blow to travel plans at the start of the half-term break. The travel company said "various operational and supply chain issues" are to blame for the flight cancellations.