The snooker legend, 46, is facing Judd Trump, 32, in today’s World Championship final after taking a huge lead last night. O’Sullivan took a commanding 12-5 lead yesterday over error-stewn Trump, leaving him just six frames short of a record-equally seventh title in the modern era. The final resumed today at 1pm. O’Sullivan, who once spent a month in rehabilitation for drink and drug addiction, now lives a “safe” life with his actress girlfriend Laila Rouass. In an interview in 2018, he admitted that his days of wild partying were over and he now chooses to stay in with Laila, whose breakthrough role was Sahira Shah in Holby City. He told The Sun: “I know where I’m safest ‒ going to bed early with a cuppa, getting up at 7am and going for a seven or eight-mile run, coming back and having a shower. “That’s probably as good a feeling as I’ve ever had in my life. I have to keep it simple now because I can get easily led. READ MORE: Ronnie O’Sullivan retirement: Star on final years in snooker “I have to choose my friends. I can become quite naughty quite quickly. “Liam [Gallagher] is mental. I really like him. He makes me laugh. “He’d be dangerous for me to hang out with every day of the week. “I’m so easily led that I’d probably get excited and carried away with it and take it to another level and he’d think, ‘F***, I’ve got to get away from Ronnie!’” He also offered a heartwarming insight about his relationship with Laila, admitting that he wants to “spend the rest of my life with her”. Ronnie said his “naughty streak” has its origins in his childhood, when his father Ronald, who owned a sex shop, would leave him in snooker clubs in Soho in London. Ronnie even wrote a novel entitled The Break based on characters he encountered during this time. He admitted that he had been easily led on at the time too, doing naughty things because older boys told him to. DON'T MISSRonnie O’Sullivan’s honest take on Prince Harry after Megxit [INSIGHT]Judd Trump once eviscerated ‘selfish’ Ronnie O'Sullivan [ARCHIVE]How Ronnie O'Sullivan's bizarre 147 snub infuriated Barry Hearn [REVEALED] Reflecting on it, he said: “It wasn’t a healthy way to be brought up because I was already led on by older boys. “But it was fun. Dad would give me £50 and put me in snooker halls to keep me off the streets. “But at 10 I was more interested in playing fruit machines than snooker. As soon as he’d left, I’d be on the machines. Eighty percent of the time I’d lose it all. “I’ve always been a bit naughty. “One time I set off a load of stink bombs during a snooker tournamnet because some older lads told me too. My dad wasn’t happy.” Ronnie also opened up about the devastation he felt when his father was jailed for 17 years. The star’s life was thrown into a spin in 1992 when his father was found guilty of murder, and Ronnie turned to drink and drugs to cope. He said: “It messed with my head. I went through a big drinking phase. When my dad went away, I went off the rails a bit.” In 1998, Ronnie tested positive for cannabis at a tournament. He would regularly go partying with big names like the Rolling Stones’ Ronnie Wood. He said that, while his snooker was going brilliantly, his private life “was in bits”. He went to The Priory for rehab in 2001, determined to get his life together. O’Sullivan now only drinks on special occasions, maybe “once every six months”, crediting his partner Laila for helping him stay sober.