Former Everton defender Richard Dunne claims that the club would be 'foolish' not to scour the market for Dele Alli alternatives before they have to start shelling out transfer bonuses to Tottenham. The midfielder arrived at Goodison Park in January on a curiously-structured deal, which will cost the Toffees more and more as Alli passes certain milestones. The first milestone is believed to be reaching 20 appearances, at which point £10million will be heading Tottenham's way. Unfortunately for the north London side, however, Alli has only notched 11 so far, and none of them were particularly convincing. All told, the midfielder's move to Merseyside could eventually end up costing the Toffees £40m, but if they cut their losses this summer, they may not have to pay anything at all. Although manager Frank Lampard is clearly a fan of the 26-year-old, Dunne claims he would be 'foolish' not to explore other avenues based on Alli's early performances. "I think for Dele it was an opportunity to prove himself and earn a contract," he told Express Sport, in association with bet365. "He's done ok but he's not done enough to start in the team and Everton needs players to start next season. JUST IN: Celtic have four Man City wonderkid options as Ange Postecoglou 'considers' double swoop "So if Alli is going to cost them millions they would be foolish not to look around and see if they can get someone they can trust and they know will be available. He's not proved that over the last six months." At the peak of his powers, which was now over five years ago, Alli was one of England's finest goal-scoring midfielders and he lashed in 46 goals for Spurs over his first three seasons. A huge lull in confidence ensued, however, and the once-coveted talent has only notched a single Premier League goal since 2019/20. DON'T MISS...Kalvin Phillips' stance on future may have blocked Man City transferMohamed Salah confirmed Liverpool decision but Sadio Mane gives cryptic answerArsenal dealt setbacks over trio who could be key to transfer plans Everton fans were filled with optimism at the sight of Lampard and Alli embracing on January deadline day, when both arrived at the club. The boss eventually led the side to survival, albeit by the skin of their teeth, and Alli only managed a bit-part role at best. Earlier this month, Lampard called on Alli to 'step up', continue training hard and wait for his opportunity as he maintained tunnel vision on securing survival. Evidently, neither in training nor on the pitch has the former Spurs star instilled confidence in his manager. With the Toffees still feeling the financial effects of their frivolous spending in recent years, some may feel that this summer is the right time to cut their losses on Alli. They may have to if they are to back Lampard with new faces, and Dunne believes that he is the right man to get behind. "I think there's just an overload of players that aren't up to the standard of Everton," he added. "They got themselves out of it in the end and the manager deserves credit for that but there needs to be an improvement or the inevitable will happen and the manager will change again. "For Everton to go forward they have to have that consistency in the manager's position and hopefully they give Lampard a few quid to spend in the summer and he can assemble a good team."