Liverpool will reportedly try their luck in the transfer market after Saturday’s Champions League final as boss Jurgen Klopp attempts to sign Aurelien Tchouameni from Monaco. The midfielder has been in scintillating from since moving to his current club from Bordeaux at the start of 2020 and has been tipped to move on to bigger and better things this summer. Tchouameni made 37 appearances for Bordeaux after coming through the club’s academy but has made his name with Monaco after playing 95 games for the side. According to L’Equipe, the 22-year-old was initially in favour of a move to Liverpool but has now made it his priority to sign for Real Madrid. And Paris Saint-Germain are also keen to get their hands on him this summer, with their superstar striker Kylian Mbappe already attempting to persuade the player to opt for a move to the Parc des Princes during training sessions together with France. The team who eventually get their hands on the youngster will have to stump up a staggering £68million to prise him away from Stade Louis II. And Real and PSG would have no issues finding that sort of cash for the player. READ MORE: Chelsea boss Tuchel urged to re-sign defender who 'man-marked Mo Salah out of a game'    Tchouameni will perhaps use the Champions League final to determine where he plays his football next season. Liverpool face Real Madrid in Saturday’s showpiece event in a repeat of the 2018 final. And Tchouameni could be tempted to slot into the midfield of the European champions next season, whoever that may be. Tchouameni was handed his France debut last September and has gone on to make seven further appearances for his country. And he is in Les Bleus’ squad for their upcoming games as they prepare to face Croatia twice as well as Denmark and Austria in the Nations League. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'could submit first Nkunku bid next week' with agent talks underwayCristiano Ronaldo 'missing farewell meal' speaks volumes about Man Utd starLiverpool 'have dream transfer for 2023' after Tchouameni's private declaration      The player seems to have his heart set on a move away from Monaco this summer and addressed the speculation around his future earlier this week. “I like the Spanish games and the English ones,” Tchouameni revealed. “It’s different playing in Spain or England. But in the end for me it’s just a question of adaptation. I am an ambitious person. Every time I do something I just want to win. If I want to be great, I have to adapt in order to gain some things that allow me to grow as a player. “It’s funny. With my friends Benoit Badishile and Djibril Sidibe, every morning they say, ‘ah, you’re going to this club.’ And the next day it’s another club. But it’s good to be in this situation - it means I’m in a good position. I have worked a lot in order to achieve this so that the best clubs want me.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 