Secretary of State for Levelling Up Michael Gove appeared on Wednesday's BBC Breakfast to talk about the Queen's Speech and the cost of living crisis, but his incoherent interview confused viewers. Dan Walker had to repeat several questions as the MP avoided answering if he could, and some distracted viewers who wondered why he was using "various strange accents" when he did speak. Although it was an early interview slot of just after 7.30am, many viewers thought that was no excuse for the poor interview Gove produced. Wanting answers on the Government's plans laid out by the Queen's Speech and Prime Minister Boris Johnson, Walker was forced to repeat himself to get a response from Gove. The yo-yoing and darting from one point to the next confused viewers and many took to Twitter to savage the politician. Watching Neal Foulds said: "Bizarre interview from Michael Gove on #BBCBreakfast He seemed to be speaking in various strange accents." Read More: Richard Madeley digs at Meghan Markle over plans to be President 'It’s so transparent’ Tracey Fleming tweeted: "Not sure what @michaelgove had for breakfast, but using the phrase 'doesn't have a Scooby' and performing a variety of accents doesn't fill anyone with confidence. "Answer the question!!! #BBCBreakfast @mrdanwalker.” Gillian asked: "What on earth has Gove had before this interview #BBCBreakfast." @Robgrace2020 posted: "What has Michael Gove had for breakfast? He's on one this morning. #BBCBreakfast."  @GalaxyPuppet asked: "Does Michael Gove think he's on Britain's got talent or something? "What's with all the impressions? One of the most bizarre interviews I've seen since the Boris' 'Peppa Pig' comment." Andrew Ashton stated: "Watching that surreal performance from Gove and thinking 'Are these people really our government or is it just a very bad dream?' #bbcbreakfast." Gove managed to distract viewers from his poorly answered questions with the segment ending with Walker and co-host Sally Nugent none the wiser when he left. DON’T MISS…'White working class lads don't get a look in' GB News guest slams diverse BBC coverage [LATEST]'Disgusted' BBC Breakfast sparks uproar over Russian news coverage 'Don't want to see [LATEST]'It was a lie!' Susanna Reid skewers Wes Streeting over Angela Rayner row [LATEST]   On Gove's reference to ideas of new policies discussed in a recent Cabinet meeting, Walker asked: "Can you share some of those ideas with us this morning?" Gove replied: "On the whole, it is never, I have found [it to be] a good idea to run straight from a Cabinet committee, even to the BBC, and to say 'well we are thinking about this idea and we are developing it.'" He went on to list what he thought was the "right thing to do" and reassured Walker "every day in Government we are thinking about what we can do to help". His long-winded non-answer prompted Walker to ask again but in a firmer manner.  Walker probed: "With the greatest respect, though, you have just criticised Labour and Liberal Democrats for not coming up with concrete ideas. "You are saying that you as a government are discussing ideas. I've asked you for a bit more detail this morning for the many people who are watching this program and thinking 'I need help'. "I think it's probably ok for me to ask you again to flesh out some of those ideas, which are potentially things that the Government might do to help people this morning!" BBC Breakfast continues on weekdays on BBC One at 6am.