BBC Breakfast presenter Charlie Stayt, 59, was joined by Lib Dem Deputy Party Leader Daisy Copper, 40, on Saturday morning's programme, where the pair discussed the changing council political landscape. Discussing the wins and losses for the Conservatives and how the Lib Dems had gained almost 200 council seats in England, Charlie wanted to know her thoughts on Boris Johnson's current ongoing investigations into breaking the rules and if he should step down. Appearing very smiley on the morning show, Cooper was delighted that the Lib Dems had gained almost 200 seats in the recent local elections. At the time Cooper appeared on the BBC show, some councils across the country were still waiting on results to be finalised, but the Lib Dems had won big and seized control of three English councils and increased their total number of seats by 191. Stayt asked: "Can I just ask you one last question on a current issue, Daisy Cooper?" "What's your position on Party Leaders who break the law? Do they have to resign? Is that very straightforward for you?" Read More: 'I should have complained’ Lorraine Kelly hits out at ‘really distasteful’ imitation  Cooper replied: "Politicians should not be breaking the law - let's be honest! "But if you are referencing the allegation against Keir Starmer, that is for him to answer." Opening up about the current news headlines on Leader of the Official Opposition Starmer being investigated for potential breaches, she continued: "I think it is really important for public trust that police forces do investigate any allegations like this, and that they do it in a fair and impartial.." Cutting her off, Stayt called the guest out for not answering the question he put to her. Sharp toned Stayt probed: "You will understand, Daisy, because that is not quite the question I was asking, and I think you know that!" "Which is that Borris Johnson has been fined. There is clearly a possibility, given there is an investigation, that Keir Starmer could be fined. "What is your position on leaders of Parties, in this case clearly MPs, who have broken the law and have been fined? Can they carry on doing their jobs? It is quite straightforward." Gathering herself and stating that it "depends on what laws you are talking about", Cooper added: "But in the current case where Boris Johnson wrote the rules and broke the rules and misled Parliament and is now under investigation by three different investigations, I think he, in particular, is unfit for office, and I do think that he should resign." DON’T MISS…Bradley Walsh gobsmacked as The Chase player beats Jenny Ryan in nail-biting round [LATEST]Raj Bisram wife: Is the Bargain Hunt expert married?[LATEST]Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker replaced by Lydia West as star drops hint? [LATEST]  Happy with her new answer, he posed one more final question to the MP. He asked: "And Keir Starmer if he were fined, you suggest that is different?" "Let's see what Durham Police decide on that count," Cooper concluded. "What I am focused on is a PM who is unfit to run this country right now." Viewer @BillboBagginsX was not a fan of the content covered on the morning show and said: "Children Maypole dancing in Dorset, Pendle pensioners talking about moving on now, Tories lose 500 seats like it was a minor disappointment, And charlie grilling Daisy on the Law,...Switched off....." (sic) @chris_B_1952 wanted to know if she would change her mind if the Lib Dems were able to gain more power in Parliament and asked: "But would they enter a coalition with the Tories again that is the question." (sic) BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One at 6am.