The soaring cost of living has made booking a holiday more difficult this year. Charles Stewart, managing director at eurochange, told Express.co.uk how travellers can get the cheapest deals on flights. Many people believe that searching for a flight to a certain destination will cause prices to rise. However, Charles said: “It’s long been suspected that airlines use your recent searches to increase prices on flights that you’ve already searched for, but data suggest this is not the case. “There is little evidence to prove this theory and instead, the price of your flight is probably increasing due to lower availability.” Although the price isn’t increasing due to internet history, it could be a good deal to snap up a deal when Britons see it. READ MORE: Suitcase packing: The 'folding' method to 'carry more' in your bag  If a flight is proving popular, seat prices are likely to rise and Britons could miss out on a deal. Charles said: “Generally, you’ll find cheaper flights by booking three to four months in advance of the date you’re intending to travel on. “If you allow yourself to be flexible and forward plan, searching via month will help you to find the cheapest flights to your chosen destination. “In some cases, you can find good last minute flights, especially if you’re not particular on exact dates when you start your search. “If you’re stuck to certain time frames, such as school holidays, being flexible on the airline provider will also allow you to find cheaper rates, because budget airlines often don’t include add ons in their initial cost.” Budget airlines such as easyJet and Ryanair will charge customers extra to bring hold luggage or choose a seat. Customers that want to save money don’t need to choose a seat on a budget airline and will be allocated a free seat at check-in. Charles said: “When putting together your final budget, make sure that you’ve checked how much your chosen airline will charge you for seat allocation, baggage and food because on a round-trip journey it will quickly add up. “Some airlines offer package deals which include flights, hotels, baggage, coach transfers and more, so it’s worth considering the option if you want a bargain.” He added: “For those lucky enough to be able to travel outside of the school holidays, you’ll always be able to find cheaper flights by sticking to term time. “Take advantage of off peak months and do your research into when the school holidays fall ahead of your planning. “If you don’t want to be stung, make sure to also look out for any major sporting events that might be happening around the time of your holiday.” Britons can also use flight comparison sites such as Skyscanner to compare the best prices for their destination. If tourists are feeling spontaneous, they could use Skyscanner’s ‘Everywhere’ option to find the cheapest option. They can also search for the cheapest month to visit their destination if they already have somewhere in mind. Many experts say that Tuesdays and Wednesdays are the cheapest days to fly as people prefer to fly at the weekend.