Emma Raducanu will no doubt have been left red-faced after her French Open second round opponent Aliaksandra Sasnovich described her victory over the US Open champion as ‘easy’. Raducanu was competing in the French Slam event for the first time, and headed into the tournament on the back of an injury. She looked to have put her recent struggles behind her though, after defeating Linda Nosková 6-7, 7-5, 6-1 in the opening round of the tournament. This however proved to be short lived, after her stay at Roland Garros came to an end just two days later at the hands of Sasnovich. Raducanu began the match in perfect fashion, as she dominated the opening set 6-3 to take a 1-0 lead. The Belarusian soon fought back though, as she brushed the teenage star aside to take set two and three 6-1 in a dominating comeback that booked her spot in the next round. Like Raducanu, Sasnovich has endured fitness problems of her own this campaign after suffering from COVID-19. The Belarusian clearly feared this may well hamper her in Roland Garros, but ended up being surprised with how ‘easy’ her victory came. JUST IN: Jamie Murray agrees with brother Andy as Brit urges Wimbledon not to cut prize money Post-match she said per Sportskeeda: “Honestly, I had Covid a few months ago. So I didn't prepare well for the crazy season, I didn't expect things to go easy, but yeah, I'm happy." Raducanu meanwhile finds herself a world away from her Grand Slam heroics in New York just eight months ago. Since the turn of the year, the teenager has failed to win more than two matches at an event, reaching just one quarter-final in 2022. This difficult run has mostly been down to ongoing fitness issues, which forced her out of her last event prior to Roland Garros at the Italian Open. DON'T MISSCarlos Alcaraz rejects Novak Djokovic comments and remains on French Open collision courseWimbledon could have ranking points decision REVERSED as ATP council member speaks outAlexander Zverev snaps at reporter in furious confrontation after French Open win Despite the early exit in Paris, Raducanu said that leaving the tournament unschated is the ‘biggest win’. “Other than general fatigue I don't have any problems or pains,” she said post-match. “Physically I'm alright, other than the general fatigue that you get in a match. “The work I've been doing is to help my muscles fire up and I think the biggest positive of this week is I have come out completely injury free. For me that's the biggest win." The Brit will now turn her attention away from clay, to concentrate on the upcoming grass season this summer.