Arsenal target Luis Sinisterra has told the clubs looking to bid for his services that there is a strict timeline that must be adhered to. The Feyenoord has been extensively watched by Mikel Arteta's scouts as he eyes another summer spree. Arsenal have been told by Sinisterra what his transfer timeline will look like this summer as the Gunners ponder a move. Arteta is desperate to go on another spending spree. The Spaniard splashed out on over £150million worth of players last year, including on the likes of Ben White, Aaron Ramsdale and Martin Odegaard. The idea behind it was to bring in a younger profile of player while also putting his stamp on the squad. With the club looking set to narrowly miss out on Champions League football, Arteta has been left disappointed after a late collapse in the season appears to have relinquished a top four spot to major rivals Tottenham. Defeats to Spurs and Newcastle have handed Antonio Conte's team the initiative with one game to go but a broader view of the season is being taken - while a Champions League position at the start of the year would have massively exceeded their expectations of the campaign. Nevertheless, the financial hit of missing out on Europe's most prestigious competition will naturally harm Arsenal's transfer plans but that has not stopped Arteta prowling the market. Sinisterra has been eyed as a potential signing after a fine season with Feyenoord. The 22-year-old has been in blistering form, scoring 23 and assisting 14 in all competitions with the Dutch side reaching the Europa Conference League final as a result of his antics. Arsenal are not the only ones interested in the Colombian, though, who has outshone their own talent Reiss Nelson who has been on loan at Feyenoord. According to Sport, the Gunners are joined by Bayer Leverkusen in the battle for the youngster's signature while the forward has spoken out on a potential transfer this summer. He admitted he is looking to leave but stated when talks will be held, saying: “I am very calm and I try not to be aware of news that in the end are nothing more than rumours. "I try to be focused on the day to day with my team, train in the best way for the matches and give them the best. Coming to the end of the season I will sit down with the club and my agent and we will look at what is best for me. “There is a lot of talk, we all know that the situation of the teams is not at its best due to Covid, but it would also be a nice achievement to be able to go out and set a record. We will know that after the season, when the final is over, that will be the right time to know and see what awaits me in the future."