Maddie went missing when she was three years old, while her family were on holiday in Portugal in May 2007. Convicted rapist and child sexual abuser Christian B had been identified as a suspect in Madeleine’s disappearance by German investigators in June, 2020. He vehemently denies all allegations in relation to the disappearance of Madeleine. Speculation had grown that new forensic had been uncovered in a camper van, which was reportedly used during his time living in the Algarve. Germany investigators denied claims of the new forensic evidence but wouldn't confirm nor deny that fibres from the pyjamas Madeleine was wearing the night she went missing may have been found. But spokesman for the public prosecutor Braunschweig Hans Christian Wolters, who gave the interview which sparked speculation about new evidence, told German newspaper RND that the rumours don't correspond with the truth. He told the paper: “The whole story with the fibre traces is total nonsense”. He went on to claim the alleged new findings were made up. Speculation began about the fibre finding after Mr Wolters spoke to Portugese journalist Sandra Felgueiras, who has documented the case for years, on CMTV. When asked where the investigation had gone two years after Christian B was named as a suspect, Mr Wolters said: “The investigation is still going on, and I think we have found some new facts, some new evidence – not forensic evidence, but evidence.” When Ms Felgueiras pressed him on whether the investigation had uncovered any evidence pointing to Madeleine in the campervan, Mr Wolters said he couldn’t comment on “the details of the investigation”. However, questioned on whether he could deny it, he said: “I don’t want to deny it”. He went on to say there are "no plans in sight" to put him on trial over the case. He added: "I can't say when it will be wrapped up. Over the past two years, we've made absolutely made progress in this investigation. “We have new findings and new evidence. But there’s nothing that could prove in scientific terms, for example, that Madeleine is dead, such as traces of DNA or bone fragments.” This sparked a frenzy of theories that Christian B was close to being caught, with a source in the Portuguese police even telling the Telegraph yesterday (Thursday) that “officers [from the Judiciary Police] in the Algarve may leave for Germany, possibly next week.” However, now Mr Wolters appears to be backtracking on his previous statements. He said to RND: "In the interview I said that we had found new evidence in the last two years. However, there was nothing exonerating among them. “At the moment, I cannot say anything about the further results of the investigation and the individual pieces of evidence. READ MORE: Madeleine McCann mystery - Overlooked key piece of jigsaw resurfaces [REVEAL] “In response to a specific question, which referred to possible traces in one of the accused's vehicles - there was no mention of fibre traces - I said that I would not comment on this. “I did not deny it, but simply stated that we do not want to say anything about it.” He said the investigations are "in principle, complete, and over the next few days his lawyer will be able to examine the files. I don't know what the result will be. We will have to hear what his lawyer says. We need to wait and see the extent of the charges we will bring." While Mr Wolters has previously stated that he is certain Christian B is responsible, there does not appear to be sufficient evidence to prosecute him. He said on Tuesday that “the fact that Christian B is now a suspect in Portugal shows everyone that we are not on the wrong way.” DON'T MISS: Audience member slams comments on cost of living crisis [REVEAL]Audience member snaps at Fiona and defends Boris [ANALYSIS]Server 'treated like c**p' given £1k from 'arrogant' diners' bill [INSIGHT] The suspect is currently serving a multi-year sentence in a Lower Saxony prison for the rape of a 72-year-old US-American woman in Praia da Luz in 2005. He's been accused of “playing games” with investigators. In a letter, sent to an anonymous woman and published by the MailOnline, the convicted sex offender said he “did nothing – well almost nothing”. Maddie’s disappearance is not the only case for which the Braunschweig public prosecutor's office is still investigating Christian B. Additional reporting by Monika Pallenberg.