Kylian Mbappe’s move to Real Madrid has been struck by a late twist, according to reports. It’s stated Paris Saint-Germain have ‘made ground’ when it comes to keeping the France international. But, contrastingly, their European rivals are still hopeful over a summer deal. Mbappe has agreed personal terms with Real Madrid ahead of a blockbuster move to the Santiago Bernabeu. But, according to Marca, PSG have ‘made ground’ when it comes to keeping hold of the World Cup winner after fresh talks in Doha. It’s stated PSG have promised every effort and sacrifice for Mbappe in order to ensure he rejects Madrid and stays at the Parc des Princes. The forward wants radical change after another year where the Ligue 1 titans have failed to get anywhere near Champions League glory. They were dumped out of the tournament in the round of 16 this term, with Madrid eliminating them after a thriller at the Bernabeu. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Mbappe apparently ‘doesn’t like’ PSG chief Leonardo, who oversees their transfer business at the club. He fears they’ll get their replacement for Mauricio Pochettino wrong, too, with the Argentine set to be sacked this summer. And Mbappe also wants the club to focus on outgoings, as well as incomings. Mbappe is now set to hold further talks with PSG over staying, with the situation certainly looking rosier for the French champions. However, Real remain confident that they’ll secure the signature of the 23-year-old when his current deal expires this summer. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Real have long admired the striker and thought they’d win the race for Mbappe when he decided to leave Monaco five years ago. Not content with raiding Barcelona for Neymar, however, PSG then proceeded to bring him in on loan instead. Mbappe then moved to PSG permanently the following summer and he’s been a substantial hit in the time since, netting 168 times. Real have told their top transfer target he stands a better chance of winning the Ballon d’Or if he jumps ship to La Liga this summer. Yet the player’s camp are asking for ‘respect and patience’ as they take time to mull over his future. If Real do secure the signature of Mbappe, he’ll likely be deployed on the left side of their attack. That would allow Karim Benzema to stay down the middle, with the former Lyon star in imperious form this season. And Vinicius Jr would then go on the right, with the Brazil international fulfilling his potential this term. Meanwhile, if Mbappe did stay at PSG, it would be a hammer blow for Madrid given the effort they’ve put it. And talkSPORT’s Alex Crook recently expressed a belief they’d switch focus to Liverpool’s Mohamed Salah if they end up missing out on their main target. “I thought they [Liverpool] would do all they could to keep him,” said Crook. “There have been some public statements, suggestions they haven’t quite managed to come up with an agreement yet. “Real Madrid haven’t signed Kylian Mbappe, that’s still up in the air. “I think it he does stay then surely Mo Salah is next on the list and if Mo Salah does leave Liverpool then Real Madrid will probably be the only club that would attract him.” Mbappe is expected to feature when PSG go up against Metz on Saturday (8pm).