Chelsea could have a big turnover of players this summer, with six who will need to be replaced if they do leave the club. The majority are regulars in Thomas Tuchel's side and some featured in the 1-1 draw with Leicester at Stamford Bridge on Thursday. Express Sport looks at the six individuals. Rudiger has been undoubtedly Chelsea's best defender this season and perhaps their player of the season. He will leave at the end of his contract and is set to join Real Madrid on a free transfer. Chelsea have to replace him but getting a player of his quality could prove difficult. The German is a fan favourite and his departure is a big blow. Another player who will be leaving for nothing. Christensen may not have featured much recently but has still made over 30 appearances in all competitions this season. He is set to come up against Rudiger next season in El Clasico as he prepares to join Barcelona. Chelsea must add further depth in their backline and Tuchel made that clear at his press conference on Wednesday. READ MORE: Man Utd reach conclusion after ‘investigating’ leaks under Ralf Rangnick  Club captain Azpilicueta had a one-year extension in his contract triggered in March after playing a certain number of matches this season. However, Tuchel has admitted the Spaniard still wants to leave this summer. Azpilicueta has played at both right centre-back and wing-back this season. Chelsea need a player who can fill in for Reece James at times, so replacing their skipper is pivotal. Alonso proved against Leicester why he is such a frustrating player. He was at fault for James Maddison's opener, with Tuchel venting his frustration from the touchline, but the wing-back then equalised with a fine volley. He could be the third Chelsea player to leave for Barca this summer. Tuchel would then have to bring in a wing-back who can compete with Ben Chilwell for the starting spot.  Jorginho has been linked with a move to Juventus, with his contract set to expire at the end of next season. He skippered the Blues against Leicester but has very much been in and out of the side of late. However, with Saul Niguez returning to Atletico Madrid after his loan spell and Ross Barkley likely to leave, Tuchel cannot afford to let Jorginho leave and not replace him. Monaco's Aurelien Tchouameni has been linked. Lukaku's club-record move has not worked out at all. Chelsea need a goalscorer and it appears the Belgian is not suited to the way Tuchel wants to play. It beggars the question as to why he was signed for a mammoth £97.5million. Chelsea would surely sign a new striker if they were able to find a buyer for Lukaku. 