  Richard Osman, 51, has revealed he is marrying actress Ingrid Oliver, 45, who has starred in popular series including Doctor Who and Peep Show. The Pointless presenter met the comedic actress over lockdown and said he is “excited” about their upcoming nuptials.     Richard revealed his big news during a sit-down interview with best-selling author Marian Keyes. He confirmed he and Ingrid are set to tie the knot after Marian quizzed him on the subject. "Is it true you are getting married?” Marian asked. Richard replied: “Yes. Exciting, isn’t it?” READ MORE: Roger Moore and his fourth wife Kristina's devastating tragedy   Richard met Ingrid at a dinner party during the summer of 2020 and has since revealed to the Guardian the pair will be making the ultimate commitment to one another. The actress reportedly moved into Richard’s London home last year after the pair had been dating for a while. Richard has already been married, splitting from his first wife back in 2007. The pair share two children together, Ruby and Sonny, who are both in their twenties.    Ingrid is probably best known for her supporting role as Petronella Osgood in Doctor Who. The star also played military woman Natalie in Peep Show and has appeared in shows like Doc Martin and The Watch. Ingrid has also made some film appearances, including in 2019’s Last Christmas starring Emilia Clarke and 2008’s iconic Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging. She has even appeared on Richard Osman’s quiz show House of Games beside her now-fiancé. READ MORE... Rebekah Vardy’s ex denies he ‘forced’ Peter Andre ‘chipolata' chat [UPDATE] Deborah James' ‘rapid decline’ as family have to carry her to toilet [UPDATE] Steph McGovern receives support after she's pictured crying at home [NEWS]      Richard paid a sweet tribute to Ingrid on the Christmas Day edition of Desert Island Discs, where he observed the changes she had made in him. He said: “I’m happy with myself, I’ve got these beautiful kids, I’ve met the woman who I’m going to be with for the rest of my life. “That thing of competition and ambition, you soon realise that rocket fuel disappears. “And it’s about happiness and my kids bring me happiness and Ingrid brings me happiness.”    Richard recently announced he was stepping down from his quiz show Pointless after nearly 13 years. His decision to do so was sparked by his increasingly successful career as a novelist. Richard is the author of the crime novels The Thursday Murder Club (2020) and The Man Who Died Twice (2021), which have recieved positive reviews from critics. The star has not yet announced a wedding date for himself and Ingrid. 