Arsenal's lack of world-class players has ultimately seen them fall short of qualifying for the Champions League this season. There are four players in the squad capable of reaching the top level but are still some way off reaching it in Bukayo Saka, Martin Odegaard, Gabriel Martinelli and Emile Smith Rowe. At the crunch moment in the campaign, no one stood up and took the games against either Tottenham or Newcastle by the scruff of the neck. Top four is not mathematically over but only the most optimistic Arsenal supporter would tell you they will beat Everton on Sunday while Spurs lose to Norwich. The Gunners have blown their chance to be back playing in Europe's elite club competition for the first time since 2017. Saka has again been a standout player for Mikel Arteta this season. Remarkably, he has not won a single one of the club's player of the month awards this term, but has been the most consistent performer. He is the first of four players with a world class potential who Arteta must add to this summer. READ MORE: Inside Tottenham boss Antonio Conte's dinner with Daniel Levy as eight stars up for sale  Saka has 11 goals and six assists in the Premier League, which is a fine return for a 20-year-old winger. His form has tapered off towards the end of the season but he can be excused for wilting slightly having featured in every league match. Odegaard has shown glimpses of his quality and proven many wrong who doubted his £35m signing last summer. However, he has not managed to hit a consistent high level, especially in the business end of the season. Same could be said about Martinelli and Smith Rowe. Martinelli has just one goal in 2022 and Smith Rowe two. DON'T MISSChelsea left Barcelona-bound Andreas Christensen fuming as details of 'final offer' emerge [GOSSIP]Arsenal can still sign five exciting players even without Champions League [TRANSFERS]Tottenham could make four dazzling signings if Conte secures Champions League [TRANSFERS]  Again, they have both shown their huge potential on the big stage, but are still a way off being considered world class. That is the difference between Arsenal and north London rivals Tottenham. Harry Kane and Heung-min Son are at the peak of their powers and arguably would get into any other team in Europe. The duo have carried Antonio Conte's side at times this season and they would not be sitting fourth without them. Arsenal do not have the luxury of having players of Kane and Son's quality and ultimately that has cost them at the most important moment. But Arteta and technical director Edu must build on what they do have.  There is a basis of a good, young squad at the Emirates but more quality must be added. Gabriel Jesus, at 25, could just be hitting the prime of his career and would be a superb signing. But he would just be the start. Getting world class players in every position is nigh-on impossible, especially for a club not competing in the Champions League. Spurs have shown having just two is enough to reach your goals. Adding wisely to the quartet of exciting youngsters mentioned above could see Arsenal in a very pretty position in a few years' time.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here