BBC Breakfast host Naga Munchetty offered some kind words to Deborah James today who explained she has been moved to hospice at home care following her battle with incurable bowel cancer. The mum-of-two, otherwise known as Bowel Babe, has been inundated with messages of support after the You, Me and the Big C podcast host explained she does not know how long she has left. Deborah said her body has taken a turn for the worse after being admitted to the hospital on several occasions over the past few months. The BBC presenter has urged people to share a "drink" on her behalf following the latest update on her health battle. Naga, 47, has reacted to Deborah's recent tweet as she bid farewell in a final post. In view of her 47,500 followers, Bowel Babe wrote: "The tweet I never wanted to write. READ MORE: Bake Off's Laura Adlington flashes builders 'butt naked' "The time has come to say goodbye. Five years to prepare, doesn’t make it any easy. I’m under hospice at home care, & I’m spending my time surrounded by my family. Please buy me a drink to see me out and raise vital funds." The BBC Breakfast presenter took the opportunity to offer an emotional tribute to her colleague. In view of her 270,000 followers, Naga penned: "This is heartbreaking. I wish you love and peace @bowelbabe xx." She finished the post with a heartbroken emoji. Social media users flocked to comment on the post, as Morag Colautti wrote: "Following Deborah has been a guiding light through a very dark tunnel. Big hugs beautiful person." Jim remarked: "Very brave and having the stamina to do this. An example for many. Wishing courage and peace." "Ashamed to say I didn’t know of Deborah, I just read up… how tragic. I wish I believed in miracles," Suzy Jones said. While Joseph William Walton added: "Heartbreaking Naga. Wonderful courageous lady, hope you're good." DON'T MISS... Bill Turnbull reacts to Deborah James' fight amid his cancer battle[LATEST]Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen shares 'issue' from Ravenseat farm[UPDATES]Britney Spears urged to 'take it down a notch' after another naked pic[PICTURES] Deborah also took to Instagram and gave a candid update, in view of her 459,000 followers. She penned: "The message I never wanted to write. We have tried everything, but my body simply isn’t playing ball. "My active care has stopped and I am now moved to hospice at home care, with my incredible family all around me and the focus is on making sure I’m not in pain and spending time with them. "Nobody knows how long I’ve got left but I’m not able to walk, I’m sleeping most of the days, and most things I took for granted are pipe dreams." She continued: "I know we have left no stone unturned. But even with all the innovative cancer drugs in the world or some magic new breakthrough, my body just can’t continue anymore." Deborah said the last six months have been "heartbreaking" for her but she is surrounded by her family. She concluded: "Right now for me, it’s all about taking it a day at a time, step by step and being grateful for another sunrise. My whole family is around me and we will dance through this together, sunbathing and laughing (I’ll cry!!) at every possible moment! "You are all incredible, thank you for playing your part in my journey. No regrets. Enjoy life."