A mum has recently taken to TikTok to share a “genius” hack that can help parents in keeping their children occupied while driving. The mum has since gone viral on the social media platform with flocks of parents praising her “brilliant” and “genius” hack. The TikToker named Autumn claimed that an easy way to prevent a child from having a meltdown is to occupy them with something that they will find interesting. Using her account @honestlyautumn, the mum said that she puts toys and books with pens in a shower caddy. She then attaches the caddy to the car window using suction appliances. This allows children to write all over the window and keeps them entertained on long drives. READ MORE: Driver fined by parking company after being sold non-existing space The mum added that the drawings can easily be rubbed off with a wet wipe. Writing underneath the post, Autumn said: "Best mom and dad hack! “How to avoid road trip meltdowns when you’re travelling with a child." The TikToker then commented: "Having accessible activities such as drawing on the window is the key to a successful road trip." DON'T MISS Millions of drivers risk major driving fines for 'defective lights' [WARNING] Further Highway Code rule changes expected after rise in road deaths [REVEAL] Major new driving laws to be introduced in June will target motorists [INSIGHT] Many mums and dads have since described the hack as “brilliant” and “genius”. Writing in the comments sections, several parents said that it’s a great mum hack. One user wrote: “Is it a whiteboard marker? This is brilliant!" The news comes after motorists were left blown away after learning about a hidden compartment in their car doors, in a video that went viral. The little-known fact was posted to TikTok where millions of drivers shared their shock of not knowing of a tiny hole at the bottom of the door. In the video, a small plug at the bottom of the car door is removed and water comes gushing out. The video, which has since attracted more than 22 million views, was captioned: “What!! Who knew to do this?” A voiceover says: “Please drain your doors. Drain your doors people, come on.” Along with the video, the TikTok user bourntocreate, said: “This is my sister's car that sounds like it had water in it. I had no idea! Thanks for the tip.” Most commenters were taken by surprise by the car hack, taking to the comments to see if it was real. One said: “Can’t tell if this is for real or y’all are playing along." Although another replied: “It’s very real, also need to drain your chassis rails sometimes.” A third user wrote: “I swear I learn something new every day!”