The 25th season of Silent Witness is set to get underway tonight at 9pm on BBC and will see the return of Amanda Burton in her role as Sam Ryan. Amanda played the iconic character for the first eight seasons of the show and is returning to the drama at the Lyell. Co-star Emilia Fox joined The One Show hosts Alex Scott and Jermaine Jenas alongside David Caves and opened up on the "emotional" conversation she had with Amanda upon their first meeting. Introducing the actors to the show, Alex began: "Let's bring in Emilia, who plays pathologist Dr Nikki Alexander and David Caves, who plays Jack Hodgson." Jermain continued: "So what, this is the 25th series of the show, we saw that a familiar face is being brought back for the 25th series, I mean, that must have been a special moment?" Emelia explained: "Well, what a way to celebrate 25 years of Silent Witness by the return of Amanda Burton playing the iconic Sam Ryan. "Tonight's episode starts where series 24 left off with her calling the Lylle to come and help her investigate the assassination of the health secretary." READ MORE: Carol Kirkwood confirms engagement live on BBC Breakfast Excited, Alex asked: "And what was it like for you, Emelia, to work with Amanda?" Smiling, recalling the memory, Emilia revealed: "It was so exciting, we had met in an interview when we did series 20, and people had always said, 'Have you met Amanda? Have you worked with her. "And we had never met, and then we did this interview together, and it was incredibly emotional. "The journalist read out the first words she had ever said on Silent Witness, and we both got very teary about it. "Then the journalist said, 'Would you ever like to come back to Silent Witness?' and Amanda said, 'Oh I don't know,' and I was like, 'Yes please' and then series 25 they have made that happen." However, the return of Sam could see a clash between the two pathologists as they go head to head for a position in the post mortem room. Emilia took over the chief pathologist position when Amanda decided to leave the show and has previously recalled her return as "nerve-wracking". "hey, tread carefully around each other. At one point in the first episode, Sam intervenes during a post-mortem that Nikki is doing. Nikki is trying to get the measure of Sam and fathom her out." DON'T MISS... Amanda Burton opens up on surprise return to Silent Witness [INSIGHT]Silent Witness: Why did Tom Ward leave as Harry Cunningham? [LATEST]How many episodes are in Silent Witness series 25? [WATCH] David recently teased to Radio Times: "She comes back, and it’s not immediately obvious what her motives are, whether she’s trustworthy. "You would have thought, ‘Oh, she’s definitely one of the good guys.’ But a lot has happened to that character in the 17 years she’s been away, so she’s not going to be the same person entirely." Speaking about her return to the show and how she was "blown away" when being asked to come back to the show. "I was a wee bit worried that it might have been one of those things where you know, some sort of, on your last legs kind of detective walking across a beach or wearing an old tweed coat being hauled out of some sort of dementia, or whatever. "I don't know. But the fact that she was very much active and had been working and had been a big influence in medicine still really intrigued me. And that really made me want to come back," she told Express.co.uk and other press. Sam's return comes as the longest-running crime drama currently airing anywhere globally celebrates its 25th series. The episode will see a Covid-era-inspired issue relating to health passports and the regulation of the nation's health data. The explosive opening to the new series will see the team having to work together as Sam's looming presence causes tension. Silent Witness airs Monday from 9pm on ITV.