Charles Leclerc launched a furious rant over his Ferrari team radio after losing out to Max Verstappen, Carlos Sainz and Sergio Perez by being asked to pit in Monaco. The Prancing Horse star has endured his fair share of hard luck in his home Grand Prix, and his job was made harder on Sunday when the team delivered a clumsy strategy that saw Leclerc give up his race lead. Leclerc knows better than most not to count his chickens before they have hatched when it comes to Monaco. Last year, he was not even able to start his home race despite qualifying on pole, as a gearbox issue took hold on the formation lap. This time around he took pole again, locking out the front row with team-mate Carlos Sainz. And he got off to a solid start in the rain, but things began to fall apart when Ferrari double stacked on lap 22, and Leclerc was left confused and furious at the mixed messages he received. DON'T MISS: Monaco Grand Prix LIVE: Hamilton and Leclerc livid as Schumacher suffers horror crash  Leclerc had already dived into the pits after being instructed to box for hard compound tyres, before being told "Stay out, stay out." The Monegasque slammed the steering wheel as he saw Sainz already in the pits, screaming "F***, f***, what are you doing?!" He then re-emerged from the pits behind Sainz and the two Red Bulls, dishing out more stern words over the team radio. Having started first, one poor move saw him drop all the way down to fourth as his hopes of finally winning in Monaco crumbled.  The tight streets are notoriously tricky to overtake on, which makes race strategy even more important. Even at this stage of the season, the margins are fine between Leclerc and Verstappen, who seem destined to battle it out for the top prize in 2022.  Drivers and teams were left unsettled at the start of the Grand Prix as heavy rainfall forced new race director duo Niels Wittich and Eduardo Freitas into a sticky situation. The pair reportedly disagreed over how best to proceed, and some were quick to criticise as the race start was delayed by over an hour before the track dried up enough to begin. That meant the environment was not particularly calm for Leclerc to finally try and put his Monaco jinx to bed, having spoken more about his 'dream' after taking pole on Saturday. As the race went on, it became clear that Leclerc would not be able to finish any better than fourth. To rub salt in the wounds, he finished behind Verstappen who pounced on the opportunity to extend his Championship lead to nine points, despite starting fourth. Sergio Perez took the top spot, meanwhile, taking his third Grand Prix victory to become the most successful Mexican F1 driver in the sport's history. Carlos Sainz completed the podium along with Verstappen, as Leclerc had 'no words' for his team after missing out. 