Pension saving is considered as key for retirement, but there are a number of rules individuals need to consider. One of these is the point at which a person’s savings can be accessed for the first time. This is known as the Normal Minimum Pension Age (NMPA), which more people know about due to pension freedoms rules in 2015. At present, the NMPA is 55 years of age. It is at this point individuals can access their cash, and registered pension schemes must usually stick to this rule. Withdrawing before the age of 55 could mean Britons face a substantial financial penalty, so it is key to understand the rule. READ MORE: Universal Credit claimants could top up DWP sum by up to £1,600 However, in the coming years, the NMPA is set to change. The rule modification could mean certain individuals have to wait an extra two years before their cash is accessible. From April 6, 2028, the NMPA will increase to 57. The change is being made to fall in line with the next increase to the state pension age. DON'T MISSPremium Bonds May 2022 draw looms - how to check if you have won [LATEST]Warning issued to Britons who use cash in supermarkets [INSIGHT]State pension update as top up rules relaxed - but for a limited time [UPDATE] The state pension age is currently 66, but is rising to 67 by 2028. Consequently, the changes are set to impact people who are approaching retirement age. Those who were hopeful of accessing retirement cash, perhaps to take an early retirement, may also need to reassess their plans. The Government explains who is likely to be affected, stating: “Individual members of registered pension schemes who do not have a protected pension age but take scheme benefits before age 57 after April 5, 2028 or those who would like to have taken a benefit but will not be able to. “However, members of the firefighters, police and armed forces public service schemes will not be affected by this increase.” Between April 2006 and 2010, the NMPA was 50 years of age. It has been gradually increasing, like state pension age, due to general rises in life expectancy. The changes, Government documentation states, are to “reflect trends in longevity and to encourage individuals to remain in work and to build sufficient savings for retirement”. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Alongside firefighters, the armed forces and police, there are others who may not be impacted by the NMPA changes. This includes those who need to retire early due to ill-health. From 2028 onwards, it is the Government’s intention for the NMPA to be ten years below state pension age. However, they will not be automatically linking the NMPA to state pension age increases at this time.