Former Manchester United striker Louis Saha believes that Chelsea would be the perfect move for Paul Pogba. A host of top European clubs have been linked with the Frenchman, who is set to quit Old Trafford for the second time when his contract officially expires in the coming weeks. Juventus and Paris Saint-Germain are believed to be the frontrunners in the race to snap up the 29-year-old's signature, but Saha believes that Pogba would thrive at Stamford Bridge, where he would line up with his French colleague, N'Golo Kante. Speaking to Lord Ping, Saha said: "Chelsea is the obvious match for Pogba because he loves to play with N’Golo Kante. We always try to compare what he does with France and United and the ability of Kante makes Pogba play to another dimension and that’s the truth. Only Pogba can indicate where he wants to go, I’m just sad he hasn’t fulfilled his dream." While Kante and Pogba have struck up an effective partnership for the French national team in recent years, it remains to be seen if Pogba is open to remaining in the Premier League, with recent reports revealing that the playmaker has snubbed the chance to join United's bitter rivals, Manchester City. READ MORE: Everton could face Premier League investigation as Leeds and Burnley raise FFP concerns The Times outlined that Pogba had provisionally agreed terms with the Premier League champions, however, he performed a U-turn due to concerns over the potential backlash from United supporters. Pogba has been a disappointment since he returned to Manchester United in a club-record £89million deal from Juventus back in the summer of 2016. The midfield maestro has been plagued by injuries and inconsistency, but that hasn't deterred some of Europe's biggest names from chasing a summer deal. A new report from The Daily Mail on Saturday claimed that Juventus are now 'confident' that they have beaten off competition from PSG to win the race for Pogba; although PSG are expected to table one final offer to try and entice the midfielder to Paris. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'have three signings on table' as Erik ten Hag transfer budget revealedNottingham Forest fan Robert Biggs jailed for 24 weeks for Billy Sharp headbuttGabriel Jesus 'decides stance' on Arsenal transfer without Champions League football But it may be too late to prevent Pogba from returning to Turin - six years after he left the club. The report claims that the Italian giants have offered Pogba a three-year deal worth a staggering £10m-a-season. Pogba enjoyed a successful four-year stint at the Allianz Arena after quitting United earlier in his career, racking up over 170 appearances. The playmaker was part of the omnipotent Juve team that clinched four consecutive league titles, as well as two Coppa Italia crowns. While it seemed as though Pogba had already made his final appearance for Manchester United after picking up a calf issue in the 4-0 defeat against Liverpool last month, the midfielder reportedly has an outside chance of featuring in United's final match of the season against Crystal Palace on Sunday.