Gemma Atkinson, who first found fame on the Channel 4 soap Hollyoaks as a teen, is still very much loved-up with fellow Strictly Come Dancing contestant Gorka Marquez, who she met on the BBC show. However her close-up photo showing the pair's hands intertwined, but with her sparkler missing, caused mass panic among fans, with some exclaiming: "I thought for a minute you guys had split!" 37-year-old Gemma had taken two photos to symbolise the progression of their relationship and posted them with the caption: "2022 vs 2019." The earlier photo featured the pair's hands clasping each other, but with no ring present. The later snap featured the same hand-holding stance, but complete with a beautiful engagement ring on Gemma's wedding finger. Meanwhile, the second photo also included the little hand of their infant daughter Mia into the mix, after the baby girl had made three. READ NOW: Will Smith asked Jada Pinket Smith to be present for kissing scenes However, even her updated photo from 2022 caused confusion, with fans exclaiming that they'd thought she'd got engaged "ages ago". It's not the first time that Gorka and Gemma's love life has fallen prey to rumours and speculation. On one occasion, Gemma woke to find it emblazoned across the headlines that she had been "forced to postpone" her wedding. "When did we even book it?" the stunned TV star joked. Though she maintains she's devoted to Gorka and is looking forward to the wedding more than ever, their tight schedules have made it impossible to find the time for venue planning and dress selections. "Gorka is literally on tour all of this year - we've only got four days off together!" she lamented to New magazine. "He’s got the two Strictly tours back to back, and then he’ll be going on Strictly in the autumn. "We don’t even have a minute to sit down and begin making plans!" DON'T MISS... Phillip Schofield sparks divide amid Queen's Jubilee - 'Switched off!' [DEBATE] Dan Walker spurned by Sally Nugent as she refuses to appear in video [INSIGHT] Louise Minchin says husband's warning prompted Breakfast exit  [LATEST]  The BBC dance show that Gorka is currently occupied with is how the pair originally met, back in 2017. Strictly couples often face speculation due to the BBC show's so-called "Strictly curse". The "curse" sees couples split from current partners and get together with their dance partners during or after the show. The pair announced their relationship formally in 2018 and then welcomed little Mia the following year. Instagram followers were then treated to a special Valentine's Day post in 2021 announcing their engagement. Gemma got pregnant at 34 and looks unlikely to be married until at least 38, but she defended people's rights to set their own timelines for life's milestones without being judged for it, in an Instagram post today. It showed another comparison photo - an illustration of a woman with a partner and a baby on one side, and an illustration of a lone woman with a glass and a slice of pizza in her hand. Above both photos, she had clarified that the female in it was "an established and complete woman".