Mohamed Salah has declared himself fit for the Champions League final in Paris and the Egyptian even sported a big grin as he offered journalists reassurance he will be ready for the May 28 showpiece. The Liverpool forward, who is this season's Premier League top goalscorer with 22 goals, went to ground holding his groin after just 30 minutes of action at Wembley against his former side Chelsea.  Salah was taking no chances either and following consultation with Liverpool physio Chris Morgan, the 29-year-old left the field and was replaced by Diogo Jota. With Liverpool now just two weeks away from the Champions League final, there was obvious concern their star attacker may not be fit for the meeting with Real Madrid. However, Salah has confirmed he'll be ready for revenge against Los Blancos: “Of course, all good,” he said, when quizzed on his fitness prospects. Jurgen Klopp is optimistic both Salah and Virgil van Dijk, who also went off with a minor issue, are going to be fine. READ MORE: Luis Diaz scares Liverpool team-mates after sending FA Cup lid flying during trophy lift He told ESPN: "I think [Salah and Van Dijk] are kind of OK. I don't think they will be ready for Tuesday, to be honest... "I don't think they would have been ready for Tuesday anyway! But I think they are alright, it was more of a precaution." Liverpool are understood to have confirmed that Salah was suffering from a "sore groin". The Reds now turn attentions back to the final two games of the Premier League season as Southampton and Wolves lie in wait. DON'T MISSLuis Diaz scares Liverpool team-mates after sending FA Cup lid flying during trophy liftLiverpool star Mohamed Salah suffers injury in FA Cup final in Champions League worryLiverpool player ratings: Alisson and Kostas Tsimikas penalty heroes as Reds win FA Cup Captain Jordan Henderson was over the moon with the way his side dug deep to dig a result out of the bag, particularly after losing two of their key players. "We're here to lift trophies, we work so hard all season. To come here and get over the line means a lot to everyone. The fans deserve it, the whole club," he said. "It's a big moment for us, we haven't been in this final for some time so to win it was special. "It was difficult, we knew it would be. We've had so many games in a short space of time. It was a big blow with Mo going off and Fab last week. But that's what we're all about, the attitude and mentality to keep going and to dig in when it's tough. So to win it on penalties is incredible. All credit to the boys. "It's fine margins, especially in finals, as we know in the last two. We've just got to give everything like we always do. We've got to work for each other and play with the players that we've got. It's incredible some of the talent we have got in the dressing room and the personalities. You put that together and you win trophies really. "We've won two so far this season. We've still got some big games left. We just need to keep on going right until the end and see what we can finish on. "We've got to recover quickly, another big game on Tuesday against Southampton, we have to be ready for that. And then Wolves at the weekend to finish the Premier League season off and then the Champions League final. "We have three big games left and hopefully we can win all three and finish the season on a high."