Max Verstappen must be enjoying his battle with the ‘generous’ Charles Leclerc, according to former Formula 1 driver Joylon Palmer. The British motorsport commentator also accused the two title rivals of being too respectful of one another - a sharp contrast to the enthralling and explosive battle between Verstappen and Lewis Hamilton in 2021. The issue drawing most of Verstappen’s frustration in 2022 has been reliability, and he struggled with such concerns last weekend in Florida. The 24-year-old missed most of the practice sessions due to reliability concerns surrounding his car. However, the Dutchman went from third on the grid to overtake both Ferraris to take home the chequered flag at the inaugural Miami Grand Prix. Verstappen passed Carlos Sainz on the first corner and managed to move pass the Monegasque star Charles Leclerc on lap seven, holding the lead to win the race. It means Verstappen is just 19 points behind Leclerc’s championship-leading total of 104 points after five rounds despite the Red Bull star suffering a pair of DNFs in Bahrain and Australia. The reigning world champion has won each of the three races he has finished. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton warned he could be banned from racing Monaco Grand Prix Palmer believes Verstappen will be enjoying his title battle with Leclerc, as he accused the Monegasque driver of being ‘soft’ as he raced the Red Bull in Miami. The 31-year-old also accused Ferrari of being too conservative with their strategy. “After all the drama of his Hamilton title fight in 2021, Verstappen must be appreciating this fight so far, with both drivers being extremely respectful of one another, but Leclerc in Miami was surely too generous,” Palmer wrote in his F1.com column. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton questioned over FIA row as MercedesVerstappen dealt huge title blow as Red Bull's spend on car emergesLewis Hamilton accused of making too many 'excuses' amid F1 woes “Maybe he was hoping to get the DRS on the long straights next lap, but unlike in Bahrain or Jeddah where that tactic worked, the next DRS wasn’t on the corner exit – but seven turns later, Verstappen could break clear, and did. “The drivers were maybe a little soft with Verstappen in Miami, but I also thought the race strategy from Ferrari was kind to Red Bull.” The 22-race F1 2022 campaign - which is expected to return to a record 23 races in the near future once a Russian Grand Prix replacement is found - continues with the Spanish Grand Prix in Barcelona on May 22.