Piers Morgan, 57, has unleashed a debate on social media after stating his opinion on the 2022 Eurovision Song Contest. Last night’s event saw Ukraine's entry, Kalush Orchestra, win the contest with their song, Stefania, in a symbolic show of public support amid the country’s Russian invasion. But Piers blasted the contest, saying it was “politically-motivated” and claiming Ukraine could have presented their “bomb-sniffing dogs” and still won. In view of his 7.9 million Twitter followers, Piers labelled the musical event “a rigged farce”. He tweeted: “The world’s most absurd, pointless, politically-motivated ‘contest’ excels itself. “Ukraine could have sent one of its heroic bomb-sniffing dogs to bark the national anthem and still won. READ MORE: Katie Piper has concerned call from bank after 'depressed' behaviour “Happy for them, but please let’s stop calling #Eurovision a contest… it’s a rigged farce.” But other online users strongly disagreed with the former Good Morning Britain presenter. D3adpool1979 said: “Oh so now we shouldn’t be showing solidarity for the Ukraine then? “We all realise that the UK should have won but is that really important in the current climate? “Yes the competition is a farce and always has been but for once it was nice for us all to be on the same page.” AlexClark3 added: “See, this is what I don’t understand. “The overwhelming majority of people who watched last night found it absolutely joyful. “Nobody cares that it wasn’t a ‘contest’ (subjective in any case). DON'T MISSRichard Gere, 72, not concerned about being an older dad with wife, 39 [INSIGHT]Maneskin's Damiano David supports girlfriend amid agonising condition [LATEST]Spain leaves little to imagination with bare bum cheeks at Eurovision [PICTURES] “People are just delighted. Why is that annoying to you?” Samantha_hazle penned: “I love you piers but you blatantly didn’t watch it so you prob best not to comment. “It was a brilliant contest this year and the UK almost won so that just goes to show that it wasn’t actually that politically motivated this year! “And how nice for the Ukraine.” Last night, Ukraine’s Kalush Orchestra topped the leaderboard with a total of 631 points. Spain came in next with 459 points, followed by Sweden who received 438 points. Speaking following their victory, Kalush Orchestra's lead singer said: "Thank you so much. "Thank you for supporting Ukraine. This victory is for every Ukrainian."