Made in Chelsea star Oliver Proudlock, 33, has welcomed a baby girl with his wife Emma Louise Connnolly, 30. The proud parents announced the happy news on Instagram. Oliver and Emma both posted an adorable black and white video of the new arrival kicking her legs, revealing her adorable name. “She’s here,” they wrote. “With so much love and pride, we are thrilled to share the safe & healthy arrival of our beautiful baby girl. “She has already filled us with so much love and happiness. “Our Bonnie Lou Proudlock, 14/05/22.” Their fans flocked to send their well wishes. Stylebyview wrote: “Congratulations you two beautiful souls!..now there is three of you… so happy for you!” Bigbird50 added: “Gorgeous name- congratulations”. Sophierae_x penned: “Oh my goodness. Gorgeous. Congratulations, so happy for you all”. Emma has previously revealed she suffered with endometriosis and began the menopause at 22. The stunning model has suffered from bloating and pain due to the condition. Endometriosis occurs when the tissue lining of the womb is found outside of the womb – causing heavy periods, tummy pains and making it harder to get pregnant. DON'T MISS...Amber Heard 'slips up' in deposition, Johnny Depp's lawyer claims [VIDEO]Jane Fonda, 84, admits her 'favourite ex-husband' became a 'handful' [ADMISSION]Victoria Beckham shares her heartbreak over family's 'new chapter' [INSIGHT] Emma announced she was pregnant back in December 2021, as the couple posted a photo of Oliver holding up a tiny jumper with his catchphrase “yeah, baby” written on it. ‘1 year married, 1 yeah baby on the way. We are bursting with love and gratitude for our very precious little growing gift!” they penned. More recently, Emma hit out at “mum-shamers” who sent her unwanted advice. She posted a photo of a Stay In Your Lane traffic sign, writing alongside it: “A small reminder for those in my DMs with the unsolicited pregnancy advice. “Please don't be that person." Emma and Oliver, who was in the original cast of E4’s Made in Chelsea, got married in 2020 after the pandemic forced them to delay their nuptials. Revealing the happy news on social media, Emma posted videos of her stunning white gown on social media. She told Tatler: “It was an amazing, emotional and intimate day - we were just excited we were finally married.”