Liverpool are set to battle Manchester United for the signing of Antony this summer despite the Ajax star's manager Erik ten Hag joining the Red Devils. However, Mohamed Salah's contract issues are yet to be resolved at Anfield. Liverpool will go head to head with United over the signing of Antony in the summer transfer window. The Ajax star has his sights set on leaving the Eredivisie at the end of the season. The 22-year-old has spent two years with the Amsterdam outfit after being signed by Ten Hag - who is set to move to Old Trafford to replace the interim Ralf Rangnick. United are the favourites to snap up the winger as the player and coach eye a reunion. Ten Hag has helped develop the youngster into a fine talent while this year, he has scored eight times in 23 league appearances for Ajax. However, it is his trickery and skill that has wowed scouts from around the world. So much so that several clubs are interested in snapping up the winger - including Liverpool. According to UOLEsporte, the Reds have made Antony one of their top targets going into the summer market. That would come as a blow to United, despite the fact that they have the advantage of Ten Hag on their side. It would be difficult for many players to turn down the chance to move Anfield right now considering their status in Europe alone. However, UOLEsporte further state that Liverpool might have their hands full this summer dealing with their huge Salah problem. The Egypt international will see his contract expire at the end of next season. That puts the Reds in a precarious situation over what to do this summer with a potentially huge decision to be made on whether or not to sell their star man. Tying down the 29-year-old to a new deal will be their top priority. And that could take up plenty of their resources, meaning that any prospective move for Antony might have to take a backseat before Salah's situation is fully sorted out. But by then, United might have already stolen in on a transfer having identified the Brazil international as a target of their own. Ten Hag is not wasting any time getting to grips with his new job and is expected to arrive next week to introduce himself to the squad. And he already has several transfers in mind, including another Ajax ace in Jurrien Timber.