Manchester United have seemingly been made to regret not heeding Gary Neville's advice and cashing in on Anthony Martial in the January transfer window following his underwhelming loan spell with Sevilla. The Frenchman managed just one goal with the La Liga side during the second half of the season and now the Red Devils face a battle to offload the misfiring forward, who has been accused of lacking "fire in his belly" during his time in Spain.  Ahead of the January transfer window, Neville admitted he thought "the time had come" for United to move Martial on, imploring his old side to part ways with the struggling striker while they could still receive "good money" for him. Discussing the prospect of selling Martial, Neville told Sky Sports back in December: “I think if they can get good money for him I would. "I probably would have said that if they could have got good money for him in the summer, with the players they’ve got then yes I would. I think the time has come. I think they’ve always been wary of getting burnt. "Of him leaving for £25 million and then going on to become a £100 million player because he is a special talent. I just don’t think he’ll ever work at Old Trafford. I think it’s the right time.” JUST IN: Ralf Rangnick savaged as German told he can't blame Man Utd players  However, the club's decision to ignore the advice could prove costly. One goal in 12 appearances while on loan at Sevilla during the second half of the campaign has been a poor return, but perhaps more pertinently, the player's application has also been called into question, despite his eagerness to join the La Liga side back in January. Kenneth Asquez, a football intermediary based in the Spanish city, even accused the United loanee of lacking "fire in his belly". Asquez told The Athletic: “Of course Sevilla are disappointed with how Martial worked out. It was a huge outlay for them and brought only one goal, but these things happen. I’m told he was a lovely kid with the players and the staff and his conduct was fine. “He kept a low profile because he tried to concentrate on his football, but I heard many times that he didn’t have the fire in his belly, that hunger, despite having all the talent in the world. DON'T MISS  “I didn’t see one game where I thought, ‘Wow, that’s what we’re getting for €5 million wages… plus taxes.’ I would have loved it to work out for him." Martial, who has one year remaining on his current deal at Old Trafford, will return to United this summer, leaving his employers with a decision to make. The 26-year-old's demise means it appears unlikely he will be offered a new contract and a disappointing season will have undoubtedly seen the player's value decrease significantly. United are understood to be willing to listen to offers for the French forward this summer, however the Red Devils may well have to accept a fee which is a fraction of what they once felt he may warrant. United's decision to snub Neville's advice could prove very costly indeed.  