Increasingly green-fingered Brits could also look to nature to ensure their homes stand out, with nearly two-thirds of homeowners worried about the loss of greenery in gardens. And those who invest their time in gardening are likely to reap the benefits, as three-quarters said they preferred natural grass to artificial alternatives. But it's not easy being green for everyone – with a lack of knowledge about plants (26 percent), too much physical involvement (21 percent), and a lack of time (19 percent) among the barriers to adding more natural greenery to gardens. More than three-quarters (77 percent) are willing to change their gardening habits, though, with almost half prepared to create more habitats for wildlife. And four in ten want to invest in planting native plants, while more than a third would introduce more natural greenery, such as lawned areas, shrubs and trees. The study of 2,000 adults who own a house with a garden found seven in ten of those polled look after their own yard – with growing flowers, watering plants, and mowing the lawn named among their favourite activities. The research, commissioned by Honda UK Power Equipment, also revealed the pandemic has changed views on gardening – with more than a third more interested in the pastime now than before March 2020. The typical homeowner spends an average of 168 minutes – nearly three hours – a week in their garden during the spring and summer months. And far from being a fair-weather gardener, they continue to maintain a weekly routine of 102 minutes between September and February. It also emerged gardens have become a central part of daily lives, as homeowners enjoy relaxing (67 percent), entertaining friends and family (39 percent), eating (36 percent), and keeping their pets (24 percent) outside. And more than seven in ten believe gardening improves their mental health. Garden designer and RHS Chelsea Flower Show Gold winner, Kate Gould, said: “Gardens are the natural wealth of a property, and create the first and last impression for potential buyers. “If a garden has some nicely maintained greenery, it’s far more likely to stand out. “With so many artificial alternatives on offer – which don’t always reduce maintenance levels – the appeal of a green space can soon be lost. “We mustn't forget what role our green spaces play beyond looking aesthetically pleasing. “It’s all about balancing practicality with a shared goal of not forgetting about nature.” But while one in five of those polled, via OnePoll, named cutting the grass as the most time-consuming part of maintaining their lawn, more than three in ten would enjoy gardening more if they had technology to help them. Steve Morris, head of power equipment at Honda, which commissioned the research to highlight its autonomous robot mower, the Miimo, said: “We know life is busier than ever, and this often stops us from keeping a garden green. “However, technology is on our side. Through intuitive features like full autonomy, automatic charging, and micro-mulching, tech can take some of those time-consuming tasks away from us, so we can focus on what we love about gardens – even if that’s just relaxing in one.” GARDEN DESIGNER KATE GOULD’S TOP TIPS FOR ADDING GREENERY TO YOUR GARDEN: