In recent months, ITV viewers watched as Coronation Street favourite Fiz Stape (played by Jennie McAlpine) found love again with newcomer Phill Whittaker (Jamie Kenna) after Tyrone Dobbs (Alan Halsall) broke her heart. Despite the break-up, Fizz and Tyrone have remained amicable for the sake of their children, however, the mechanic has been trying his best to win his ex back ever since. Previously in the soap, Fiz and Phill decided to take a break from the cobbles to move into their new house. However, despite being overjoyed at the move, fans believe the house once belonged to villain Pat Phelan (Connor McIntyre). They also claim the house is at the same location Pat held Andy Carver (Oliver Farnworth) hostage before he killed him. Some eagle-eyed fans have been coming up with their own theories about how Phill could be connected to killer Pat. READ MORE: Outlander’s Sam Heughan explains dangerous and ‘illegal’ kilt scene Other Corrie viewers fear for Fiz's safety after it was revealed Phill was related to another serial killer and Fiz's evil ex, John Stape (Graeme Hawley). On a soap Facebook fan page, Gemma Harrison wrote: "What does Phil do for a living to be able to afford that big house?" This then sparked a number of reactions and theories from fellow Corrie lovers, with Phil Clowes commenting: "It belonged to his uncle Pat Phelan." He went on to theorise: "Phil's mum has been in it and so has John Stape's mum, so Phil and John are definitely not brothers. It doesn't mean that there isn't a connection though, but it would be pointless as Fizz was not directly responsible for John Stape's death, (if you can recall the Jade storyline)." Emma Hayes wrote: "There’s defo something off about him and that house I’m sure we’ve seen it before but him not living there someone else was." "Phelan was working on it and held hostages there, I'm wondering if he and Phill are any relation maybe Phelan might be his uncle or Brother??" Claire Louise Sherred replied. Tracey Gee went on to add: "There's something about him I don't trust." She later went on to comment that she believes Phill is going to "swindle" Fizz out of the house. DON'T MISS...Escape to the Chateau’s Dick and Angel clashed on family decision [INSIGHT]NCIS LA: Chris O’Donnell’s son stopped from starring in CBS series [CAST]Amanda Holden horrified as BGT crew member 'set on fire' [VIDEO] Margaret Murphy said: "He's something to do with John Stapes." "Somethings not sitting right with me," Georgie Thompson added. John was a notorious villain in Weatherfield and he managed to get away with his crimes after hiding behind his job as a teacher. He ended up having an affair with Rosie Webster (Helen Flanagan), who was his pupil at the time. He also ended up kidnapping the teenager, but in a bizarre twist, Fiz forgave him and the pair had planned to get married when he was released from prison. When he got out of prison, John took on the identity of Colin Fishwick, however, when the real Colin Fishwick died he had to take drastic action. When the real Colin died in front of John and Charlotte Hoyle (Becky Hindley), the former teacher ended up hiding his body. He later was forced to kill Charlotte before she could expose what had happened. Fiz was then accused of John's victims, but he eventually came out of hiding to clear her name. John later died after he confessed the truth and suffered a heart attack. Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 8pm on ITV.