In the latest season of the popular Law and Order spin-off, Organized Crime, undercover cop Elliot Stabler (played by Christopher Meloni) has been trying to take down New York crime boss Preston Webb (Mykelti Williamson). As the NBC crime series heads into the final two episodes of its 2022-23 run, some new clues could have sealed a devastating end to the iconic TV detective. In an unprecedented move for the Law and Order franchise, Stabler could be killed off in the final episode of the new spin-off. After last week’s crossover instalment, Lost Ones, reunited the crime-fighter with his partner Olivia Benson (Mariska Hargitay), Preston is preparing for a final face-off which will bring season two to a dramatic close. His new partner, Sergeant Ayanna Bell (Danielle Moné Truitt) confirmed Webb is still out for blood for trying whatever it takes to take down his Marcy Killers operation. Meanwhile, Preston’s wife Cassandra (Jennifer Beals) is putting pressure on him to make his next move after being humiliated by police at her recent gallery event. READ MORE: Lorraine staggered by Andrew's 'fat cow' comment to ex Sarah At the end of the crossover event, Preston assured her “it’s time”, whilst Stabler discovered corrupt cop Frank Donnelly (Denis Leary) is setting him up for a fall. With his enemies closing in, could this be the end of Christopher’s historic return as Stabler after a 10-year break from Law and Order? The logline for the upcoming episode this week, Streets Is Watching, may have significantly shortened Stabler’s life expectancy after his two-year stint on the new offshoot. It reads: “When the task force discovers a threat to Stabler’s life, the pressure is on to gather all the evidence to put Webb away for good. “Donnelly gives the Brotherhood surprising news. Nova is forced to take a drastic step to keep her brother safe.” Stabler’s death would certainly come as a shock, but it would be a fitting end to the tenacious cop’s arc on the long-running crime series. His task force has a strong track record for taking down some of New York’s most dangerous career criminals, having put an end to Richard Wheatley’s (Dylan McDermott) reign of terror earlier this season. However, Preston has already proven himself a formidable foe, and his brotherhood of corrupt cops could have the insight they need to finally put one of the city’s most celebrated cops out of action. DON'T MISS:Grace and Frankie crew details emotional final scenes [INSIGHT]NCIS LA season 13: Deeks and Kensi make life-changing choice [VIDEO]Discovery of Witches star details ‘unusual request’ to play Gerbert [INTERVIEW] Moreover, Organized Crime has yet to be officially renewed for a third season, so it’s possible the latest Law and Order spin-off is destined to come to a devastating conclusion. More episodes are expected to be released later in 2022, but, as the second season was announced in May last year, NBC viewers may get to the end of the month without official confirmation. If these clues weren’t enough, the recently released promo for the upcoming episode has also teased a worrying fate for Stabler when he receives some bad news from Nova Riley (Nona Parker-Johnson). During an intense meeting with him and Sergeant Ayanna Bell (Danielle Moné Truitt), Nova informs them a hit has been taken out against Stabler. Later the same day, he returns to his apartment only to find it has been infiltrated by an assassin wielding a silenced pistol. As previous cases have proved, Stabler is more than capable of holding his own in a fistfight or shootout. However, this assassin may have the upper hand when she surprises him in his own home, and the new footage ends with Stabler disarmed and being held against the wall - could this be the beginning of the end for the iconic detective? Law and Order: Organized Crime season 2 airs Thursdays on NBC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be confirmed.