Charlotte Casiraghi, the daughter of Princess Caroline of Monaco and granddaughter of Grace Kelly, attended the premiere of the film 'Brother And Sister' ('Frere Et Soeur') during the annual Cannes Film Festival. Charlotte Casiraghi married film producer Dimitri Rassam in 2019, but the couple are rarely seen together in public. To attend this year's Cannes Film Festival, the royal opted for an elegant Chanel blue dress. The floor-length gown featured a fitted bodice and halter neck. Charlotte finished her glamourous look with a black clutch bag and matching heels. READ MORE: Aldi shoppers share clever checkout hack to pack items at the till  The look Charlotte chose for the special night is very similar to the dress her mother, Princess Caroline of Monaco, wore to attend the Cannes Film Festival in 1989. Princess Caroline also donned a floor-length gown in the same colour and style. In 1989, the royal attended the Cannes Film Festival with Charlotte's father, Stefano Casiraghi. Stefano died in an offshore powerboat racing accident in October 1990.  For this year's edition, Charlotte styled her hair in a low polished bun. She accessorised her look with a pair of diamond earrings and a matching bracelet. The beautiful royal opted for a natural make-up look and pink manicure. Royal fans to social media to comment on the Monegasque royal's fashion choice. Instagram user @ziofranky said: "Top girl, top class and top chic. Stunning Charlotte!" Another one, @marnav1717, commented: "Most beautiful woman." Royal watcher @verbist.vivian said: "Stunning!" and @c.pashkevich agreed saying: "Gorgeous!" Another social media user, @janelevett25, said: "Beautiful couple!" Another user named Janet said: "One of the best looks from Charlotte in a long time! Beautiful gown and the back is gorgeous. "Charlotte and Dmitri look great together." Royal fan Ava commented: "The back of this dress looks much nicer than the front" while another one added: "Perfect!" Charlotte and Dimitri have two children together: Raphael and Balthazar.