Tesco's Clubcard scheme enables shoppers to save dozens of pounds on their shopping bill every week. Products bought with the Clubcard are often half - or more - the price of the product's original cost. Tesco Clubcard holders have less than four weeks to spend £17million worth of vouchers. This news comes as Tesco revealed that it had identified millions of pounds of unused Clubcard vouchers, which are due to expire on May 31. Not all Clubcard holders have unused vouchers - but many do. Tesco said it would contact those affected via email, urging them to use the vouchers to pick up bargains. Alessandra Bellini, Chief Customer Officer at Tesco, said: "We know it’s tough right now, so we want to show our customers how we can help them spend less and keep more in their pockets – whether to manage the rising cost of living or do something good for themselves and loved ones ones.” Tesco has an estimated 19 million Clubcard members who are able to collect points on food, fuel, clothes, and more - both in stores and online. Clubcard members usually get one point for every £1 spent, and £1 for every £2 spent on fuel. This scheme is similar to other supermarkets' initiatives, such as Nectar at Sainsbury's, Marks and Spencer's Sparks scheme, Boots' Advantage Card, and the Morrisons More card.  These money-off schemes demonstrate that supermarkets are doing their part to help Britons during the cost of living crisis. However, Tesco has come under fire in recent days for the prices of its products without a Clubcard. For non-Clubcard holders, prices are "crazy", according to some customers. At full price, some products are double - or more - the Clubcard price. Tesco's Clubcard scheme is free - all customers need to do is register online, but some shoppers have claimed it is "pointless". Customers took to social media to express their fury at the initiative. Twitter user @virtual_ambvxr said: “This is dreadful…if you can sell it at £16 then sell it at £16. The Clubcards are literally free of charge so what is the point? “You don’t gain anything from Clubcards. £40 is absolutely ridiculous. Seeing these crazy prices more and more in Tesco, it really is shocking!” Another customer posted a photo of a jar of Nescafé Azera coffee which had two prices. It seemed that Tesco was charging £6 for the coffee but it cost only £2.90 with a Clubcard. The customer tweeted: “Tesco said ‘what cost of living crisis?’” User @JJM_1994 added: “Tesco Clubcards are probably skewing the real (much higher) inflation stats.”