Manchester United are considering making a bid for RB Leipzig full-back Nordi Mukiele, according to reports. United are ready to overhaul their squad this summer in an attempt to turn things around under Erik ten Hag and Mukiele is one of the targets they are keeping an eye on.    Mukiele, who can play across a variety of positions, is a regular for Leipzig, having made 37 appearances in all competitions this season. The 24-year-old, who joined from Montpellier in 2018, is about to enter the final year of his contract with the German club. He has been recommended to United by Ralf Rangnick, who worked with him during his time with Leipzig and is set to work for United as consultant when he steps down as interim manager to become Austria boss this summer. United are not the only club interested, however, with Foot Mercato reporting that Paris Saint-Germain, Atletico Madrid and Bayern Munich are all looking at Mukiele. The Frenchman has generally played as a right wing-back for Leipzig this season and would strengthen a problem position for United. The Mirror reported last month that Ten Hag has worries about Aaron Wan-Bissaka’s ability to play his style of football and wants an upgrade in the position. Ajax’s Noussair Mazraoui is another target, but the Morocco international prefers a move to Bayern Munich, where he can play Champions League football. JUST IN: Arsenal 'plot move for Porto winger Pepe' in summer transfer window  United are sure to be busy this summer, with several players poised to leave the club when their contracts expire. Paul Pogba, Jesse Lingard, Edinson Cavani, Nemanja Matic and Juan Mata are among the most high-profile players who are expected to leave, while there are doubts around others like Anthony Martial, Dean Henderson, Alex Telles and Marcus Rashford. The club have already begun their recruitment spree, with a first transfer of the summer reportedly lined up. According to talkSPORT, United have agreed a deal with Stevenage to sign highly-rated goalkeeper Elyh Harrison. DON'T MISS Ferdinand apologises to Mourinho over Man Utd comments and issues plea Ole Gunnar Solskjaer could manage four clubs next Man Utd eye Richarlison move as Ten Hag's transfer plans take shape  United are to pay a six-figure fee for the 16-year-old in order to beat several Premier League rivals to his signature. The club are ready to give Ten Hag £100million to spend this summer as they look to bounce back from their worst ever Premier League season. Ten Hag has already identified some transfer targets for his new club, with Feyenoord defender Tyrell Malacia and Ajax duo Jurrien Timber and Antony on the radar. Left-back Malacia is thought to be available for around £20m, while centre-back Timber and winger Antony could be more expensive after impressive seasons with Ajax. 