It certainly has taken Jadon Sancho a while to get going at United. He struggled during the first half of the season, with Ole Gunnar Solskjaer sometimes demoting him to the bench as a result. Under Ralf Rangnick, however, the former Borussia Dortmund star has been one of the few positives of the second half of the season. If United can get Sancho back to his Dortmund best, then he’ll be £73million well spent. For now, though, the jury is very much out. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag There’s been plenty of talk of Rashford potentially leaving United after the worst season of his professional career. With just five goals to his name, the England international appears a shadow of the player he was under Solskjaer, Jose Mourinho and Louis van Gaal. However, Rashford’s preference is to stay at United despite links to Arsenal and Newcastle. With Ten Hag keen to talk to every player he’ll be managing, it’s still likely the 24-year-old will stay. Whether he can fulfil his potential, however, remains to be seen. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz United want a new striker this summer to ease the goalscoring burden on Ronaldo. And reports have suggested Nunez is their top target, having sparkled for Benfica with 34 goals across all competitions. The 21-year-old has also attracted interest from Liverpool, Arsenal and other clubs in Europe. But United’s need is arguably greatest, meaning it wouldn’t be a stretch to imagine him playing under Ten Hag next term. Ten Hag knows all about the Uruguay international, having seen his goals eliminate his Ajax side from the Champions League earlier in the year. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Another player Ten Hag is familiar with is Antony. Compared to Neymar as a result of his speed, directness and eye for goal, the Brazil international is one of Europe’s hottest prospects. Ajax won’t want to lose another key figure to United after Ten Hag and Donny van de Beek, who moved two years ago. But if the Red Devils make them an offer they can’t refuse, it’s unlikely they’d stand in Antony’s way. A fee of £70m could be enough to land the Samba star, who has scored eight goals and clocked up four assists from 23 league matches this term.