Haas driver Mick Schumacher was involved in a huge crash into the barrier at the Monaco Grand Prix which saw his car split in two. The safety car was deployed after the incident at the swimming pool chicane and he escaped unhurt but was checked over by the medical team on site. The red flag was deployed as stewards rushed the clear the debris from the track. Schumacher's team-mate Kevin Magnussen was also forced out of the race before the German hit the barriers. Magnussen suffered a loss of water pressure shortly before Schumacher was forced to retire. Schumacher did offer an update on Haas' website after the race. He said: “I’m feeling alright, it’s very annoying. In terms of pace, we were definitely there and it’s just a matter of keeping it on track – unfortunately I wasn’t able to do that. The pace felt strong and it felt like we were able to attack and push. Unfortunately, I went a bit too wide, probably about 10 centimeters at the end, and that’s enough to lose all grip that you thought you had and the result is what happened.” Many of the drivers were asking over their respective team radios if the Haas driver was okay as the star was walking away from the crash. Schumacher is the son of seven-time Formula One world champion Michael Schumacher, who in 2013 suffered a severe brain injury in a skiing accident.  The incident occurred during lap 30 before Sergio Perez won in Monaco, Carlos Sainz finished second and Max Verstappen third.  Racing resumed at 4.15pm BST with a rolling start but the action was cut short and did not fulfil the scheduled 78 laps as that would have taken longer than the permitted two hours for the race to be completed. Another incident in Monaco saw Lewis Hamilton get angry on his team radio and called for an investigation after he collided with Esteban Ocon in the difficult conditions. Hamilton said on his radio: “He's just turned in on me man, I'm not sure if my wing is busted." Moments later, he added: "For f**k sake man". Hamilton then asked his team whether Ocon was under investigation for the incident. He said: "Have any of these moves been investigated?" The stewards noted the incident between the pair and the Frenchman was eventually handed a five second penalty. A pit stop mix-up saw Charles Leclerc, who began the day on pole, drop to fourth place and launch into an X-rated rant on his team radio. Leclerc had already dived into the pits after being told to box for hard compound tyres, before being told "Stay out, stay out." The Monegasque slammed the steering wheel as he saw Sainz already in the pits, screaming "F***, f***, what are you doing?!" He then re-emerged from the pits behind Sainz and the two Red Bulls, dishing out more stern words over the team radio.