Paris Saint-German star Kylian Mbappe has revealed that he held transfer talks with Liverpool before deciding to stay in Paris. The French striker turned down strong interest from Real Madrid to pen a lucrative new three-year deal to stay at the Parc des Princes. The 23-year-old was expected to join Real after running his contract down at PSG, but instead opted to commit his future to the French champions in a blockbuster deal that was only confirmed at the weekend. Although all the talk around Mbappe and has future has seemingly revolved around Real Madrid - who have courted Mbappe for some time - the striker revealed that Liverpool were also on his radar - and that he also met them back in 2017 when he left Monaco. Speaking to The Telegraph about Liverpool, Mbappe said: “We talked a little bit, but not too much. We talked a little bit,” the striker said, before adding: "I talked to Liverpool because it’s the favourite club of my mum, my mum loves Liverpool. I don’t know why, you will have to ask her! It’s a good club and we met them five years ago. When I was in Monaco I met them. It’s a big club.” READ MORE: Edinson Cavani 'wanted to quit Man Utd' as soon as Cristiano Ronaldo demand was made While Mbappe's comments on holding talks with Liverpool may come as somewhat of a surprise, Reds boss Jurgen Klopp had hinted that the club were interested in the striking prodigy earlier this month - but insisted that they could not 'be part of these battles' when it came to pursuing a mega-money deal for the forward. He said: "Of course we are interested in Kylian Mbappe, we are not blind. We like him and if you don’t like him then you have to question yourself. But, no, we are not, we cannot be part of these battles. There must be other clubs involved and that is fine. He is a great player." Mbappe's decision to remain in his homeland left Real Madrid president Florentino Perez and LaLiga chief Javier Tebas furious, with the latter even releasing a scathing statement attacking PSG in the wake of the deal's confirmation. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag fires warning to Manchester United players in first interview as managerLeeds reject £46m Raphinha bid after Premier League safety as star 'agrees terms'Cristiano Ronaldo and Mason Greenwood 'erupted' during specific Man Utd defeat But Mbappe denied that he'd performed a last minute U-turn to snub a move to the Bernabeu, insisting that he only made his mind up over his long-term future in 'the middle of last week'. And he opened up on his decision to stay in France, adding: “Everybody knows I wanted to leave for Real Madrid last year and I think it was a good choice to leave last year. But now it’s different because I was a free agent. “I was a free agent and it was important to give back to my country. If I had left I would have left as a great player but there is a sentimental part. I don’t think my chapter is closed. Things were not over for me at PSG. "I’m French and I know I’m important in the country and when you are important you have to think not only about football but about your life. I will be in France after my career. I will leave here [PSG], I will be with my family, my friends. The only thing I can say is thank you to all the Real Madrid fans and the club because they gave me all the love. It’s amazing because I was only there for one week when I was 14 [to train]. I said to them good luck for the Champions League [final].”