Frenkie de Jong has reportedly decided he wants to play Champions League football next season, something that is not on offer at Manchester United. The Dutchman appears to be in favour of staying with Barcelona despite being courted by his former Ajax boss Erik ten Hag, who wants to make him one of the first signings of the new era at Old Trafford. The pair worked together in Amsterdam and helped Ajax reach the 2018/19 Champions League semi-finals to put their names up in lights. De Jong would sign for Barcelona that January ahead of the summer transfer window but after three seasons in Catalonia, the club are considering a sale. It's no secret that United are strongly interested in a move but De Jong does not seem so keen. According to Fabrizio Romano, De Jong's priority is Champions League football and therefore he'd be happy to stay with Barcelona. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag snubs Ajax end-of-season trip as 'there is a lot to do' at Manchester United Xavi also wants him to stay put but there's seemingly an acceptance that the player's future will be dependent on the proposals Barcelona receive. The board feel De Jong's value has plateaued and given they're still combating financial issues away from the field, a sale will be considered. United are set 'to try again' for the midfielder, who is one of their priority targets this summer. Ten Hag has already called De Jong multiple times in a bid to convince him to move to Old Trafford but the Dutch international remains happy at Barcelona for now. DON'T MISSMan Utd rocked with Newcastle to celebrate Prem survival with '£60m Darwin Nunez bid'Erik ten Hag can weaken PSV for Ajax with exceptional Man Utd midfield signingCristiano Ronaldo 'has view on Man Utd signing striker' with Erik ten Hag meeting planned  Yet that won't stop United's new manager from trying to change his former player's mind. The Red Devils are set to target at least two new central midfielders this summer with Paul Pogba and Nemanja Matic heading for the exit door. Meanwhile, Barcelona's director of football Mateu Alemany has confessed that the club are yet to make a decision on De Jong's future. “We haven't made any decisions on the squad, de Jong is important for us," Alemany said following the 0-0 draw with Getafe. “We are clear about what we need, and also that we are conditioned by financial fair play." De Jong is said to have been frustrated by speculation that emerged last week that claimed he was close to joining United. He is currently focused on finishing the season strongly with Barcelona and furthermore, ensuring he is a guaranteed starter for Holland at the World Cup in Qatar. Barcelona value De Jong at close to £70m having paid £63m to sign him from Ajax.