Manchester United’s new boss Erik ten Hag has reportedly put Inter Milan right-back Denzel Dumfries at the top of his preferences. The 26-year-old could be allowed to depart the San Siro this summer. Inter signed Dumfries from PSV Eindhoven less than nine months ago and the player has racked-up 41 appearances during his debut campaign in Italy. But, according to Tuttosport, the ace has become Inter’s most requested player in recent weeks by potential suitors and is worth £17million more than the £12.5m the Italian giants paid for him. Bayern Munich were reportedly interested in landing Dumfries but have since turned their attentions to Ajax right-back Noussair Mazraoui. Ten Hag is currently managing Mazraoui in the Netherlands and was thought to be keen to take him with him to Old Trafford. But Dumfries could now be the man to solve United’s problem right-back area. The Red Devils signed Aaron Wan-Bissaka in 2019 and the 24-year-old had established himself as the side’s first-choice right-back. But his form deteriorated and he is now playing second fiddle to Diogo Dalot. Neither player has been convincing this season so Ten Hag will be keen to bring in a replacement. READ MORE: Virgil van Dijk details Jurgen Klopp's half-time message that inspired Liverpool comeback   Ten Hag will be tasked with reviving United’s fortunes when he arrives at the club. The Red Devils were once the dominant force in English football under the guidance of legendary boss Sir Alex Ferguson. But since the Scot retired in 2013, United have suffered a precipitous downturn in fortunes. The north west outfit won 13 Premier League titles with Ferguson at the helm. But they have been well off the pace in the Premier League over the last nine seasons. At the start of the current campaign, there was quiet excitement around Old Trafford as previous boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer had built a squad which appeared to be capable of launching an assault on the title. DON'T MISSLiverpool striker Divock Origi's AC Milan transfer placed on hold due to takeover talksLiverpool ratings: Luis Diaz gets 9 as Villarreal win seals Champions League final spotVirgil van Dijk details Jurgen Klopp's half-time message that inspired Liverpool comeback     But following a strong start, the wheels fell off in the autumn as Solskjaer was ultimately given his marching orders. Ralf Rangnick was appointed on an interim basis until the end of the season but has failed to have the impact club chiefs would have liked. And now Ten Hag has landed the opportunity to take the club forward. The 52-year-old has done a stellar job in the Netherlands and could be set to lead Ajax to their third Eredivisie title under his tutelage. But the Dutchman will have his work cut out if he is to transform the United side. And he will need new faces at the club if he is to succeed. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 