Liverpool star Sadio Mane 'can imagine' signing for Bayern Munich this summer, according to reports. It has been claimed Bayern could sign the Senegal star for as little as £42million. Mane is out of contract at Liverpool at the end of next season. Team-mates Mohamed Salah and Roberto Firmino are also in the same position. Mane has had a superb season for club and country and is among the favourites to win the Ballon d'Or later this year. But speculation continues over his future while he is yet to put pen to paper on a new deal. And Sky Sport Germany reporter Florian Plettenberg has now provided an update on Bayern's interest in the winger. He claims Mane can see himself moving to Bayern in the upcoming window and that the fee is likely to be less than £42m. READ MORE: Real Madrid backed to make 'statement' Salah signing in 'no-brainer' Liverpool transfer  Plettenberg tweeted: "News #Mane: He can really imagine to join #FCBayern this summer! There is movement in talks with the player and his management. "Next 3-4 weeks are decisive. [Julian] Nagelsmann & Brazzo [Hasan Salihamidzic] want him. Transfer fee probably less than €50m." Plettenberg quote-tweeted an update he provided on Salah earlier this month, where he claimed Bayern sporting director Salihamidzic had already met with Mane's agent. It was claimed talks between Liverpool and Mane over a new deal were "difficult". Mane has 23 goals in 50 appearances for Liverpool in all competitions this season. He also led Senegal to Africa Cup of Nations glory in February as well as qualification to the World Cup in Qatar. DON'T MISSLiverpool have Thiago injury 'belief' but one player already confirmed to miss Real Madrid [REPORT]Four experienced players Tottenham could sign as Conte demands change in policy [TRANSFERS]Pau Torres' agents 'will travel to Manchester this week' to negotiate Man Utd transfer [GOSSIP]  Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp penned an extension to his contract at Anfield last month. But the German admitted at the time that it may not have an impact on whether Mane or Salah sign new deals themselves. Klopp said: "That is a question for the boys what it means to them. But it's all fine. My relationship with both is great. "In life, there are more things to think about than who the manager is, but knowing who the manager and coaching staff are is an important thing. If it is a positive sign for the boys, then great, but I don't think this will be the one decisive thing for whatever decision they have to make. "It's their own life. We just wanted to guarantee that everyone who wants to be here knows what he can expect."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here