Checking their bank accounts yesterday (May 26), many found a small payment was due to be credited today (Friday) when they were expecting the full usual payment on Monday. HMRC have assured parents they have “nothing to worry about,” after receiving unexpected, smaller child benefit payments. One quarter of the benefit is being paid today (Friday, May 27) and the rest on Monday. An HMRC spokesperson confirmed the changes were "nothing to worry about" and said that the changes were carried out in order to ensure people get the correct payments over the upcoming Jubilee weekend. They said: "In short, it’s just processes and working them around the bank holidays, and nothing for customers to worry about. "We usually process payments for customers on Thursday and Fridays for the following Monday and Tuesday. READ MORE: 'Doesn't seem real' Woman in tears as boss gives her £39,000 to make life 'a bit easier' @tsphipps said: "For reasons I don’t understand, because of the Bank Holiday Monday (that isn’t a BH) they’re paying one week tomorrow and the remaining three weeks on Monday 06/06/22." @LouiseWoolley6 said: "I have a pending payment of just one weeks worth showing, payment would usually be due on Monday?" Meanwhile, @mirts88 said: "Impacting me too". Parents who use online banking to see pending payments have had notice of the unexpected payment due to hit their accounts today. However those who don't see pending payments may be in for a shock, as there is no explanation that the rest of the payment will follow on Monday. HMRC have already publicised details of changes to payment dates if Child Benefit is due next Monday (June 6) because of the Jubilee Bank Holiday, but no mention has been made to changes affecting payments due this Monday (May 30). The HMRC spokesperson continued: "In terms of the split payments, there were some things that we needed to iron out to ensure customers receive their payments on time because of the quick of the double bank holiday, which is why they have been processed in this way. “This however does not leave customers out of pocket as they will still receive the full amount on or before it is usually due. Customers paid weekly on a Monday, will receive payment on Friday 27 May 2022 instead of Monday 30 May. "Customers paid four weekly will receive one week of Child Benefit on Friday 27 May and three weeks of Child Benefit on Monday 30 May. “Customers who are due weekly payments on Tuesday, May 31 will receive them on Monday, May 30. Customers who receive monthly Child Benefit payments will receive one weeks payment on Monday, May 30 and the remaining three weeks payment on Tuesday, May 31. “We are updating the HMRC website to reflect this and be more clear.” Claiming Child Benefit can help people with the costs of their children. It’s usually paid every four weeks. If someone is eligible they’ll get £21.80 a week for their first child and £14.45 a week for any children after that. People can claim Child Benefit if: It doesn’t matter if someone works, or have savings and investments. More information about claiming Child Benefit can be found on the gov.uk website. A HMRC spokesperson told Express.couk that: "Processing payments early ahead of bank holidays is our usual procedure, to ensure that customers do not have their payments delayed. "Child Benefit payments are made on Mondays and Tuesdays, but are processed Thursdays and Fridays. In order to ensure payments for Mon 6 June and Tues 7 June are not delayed due to next week’s Thursday and Friday bank holiday, we processed payments for Mon 30 and Tues 31 early. "Importantly, this means that customers will not be left out of pocket due to bank holiday payment delays, and we have notified customers of this change the gov.uk website, on a message on our helpline, and via social media channels."