Trophy hunter Olivia Opre joined Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield via video link on This Morning, where she defended her heavily criticised actions while Giles Clark, director of the Big Cat Sanctuary in Kent, argued against the practice, labelling it "abhorrent". As she tried to understand the motives behind trophy hunting, Holly was clearly stunned as she asked: "In which context is this okay?" "Olivia, I wanted to start with you first of all," she stated. "Because this image that has appeared on social media that everybody has got incredibly upset [over], lots of people are saying, 'Should this be allowed to happen?' "And a lot of people are saying, 'No it shouldn't,' but your take is it's all about context." Looking unconvinced, Holly asked: "In which context is that okay?" "Well, when you consider that Africa is a massive continent and these photographic areas are not just all that there is," Olivia replied. READ MORE: Outlander theory: Jamie Fraser ghost explained in fortune teller clue She added: "There's a massive amount of land where people are living on. "And you have to give them a reason to want to live with these wild animals, which is where trophy hunting plays a role. "They go into those communities and incentivise them to want to co-exist with these animals." Adding his view, Phillip asked: "So, kill the animals so that humans can continue to live there?" He added: "Let's just talk about this particular kill last month. This is Leon Kachelhoffer, £50,000 as we said to kill the biggest elephant professionally hunted since 1996. "It's known as a big tusker, they have iconically huge tusks. "The elephant was reportedly in its 50s, and passed away when it was killed in a single shot. "A second elephant was also killed. So as far as this animal is concerned, it is a magnificent beast, there's no question. DON'T MISS... Meghan Markle ‘reinforced’ rift between William and Harry [VIDEO]Starmer's anti-fraud plan slammed by GMB's Reid 'Not sustainable!' [LATEST]Susanna Reid blasts Boris Johnson's 'lack of human response' [REACTION] "Obviously, we have to ask you why it's okay to kill such a magnificent creature as Holly has. "But the fact that you stand by the side of it and have your picture taken - how proud. 'How powerful I am that I killed this animal.'" Olivia admitted the photos were "definitely creating the firestorm". She went on: "Quite frankly, I would not have put that out there. This is a really old bull, well over age 50 and passed its breeding years." Later, Giles stated Olivia's defence of trophy hunting was "untrue". "This old bull is not having an impact on the rest of the elephants, elephants are sentient beings, they're incredibly intelligent. "They're very emotionally intelligent animals and they have very complex societies. There are numerous papers to suggest bulls, as they get older,r are more sexually active. "But also just this sheer presence has an impact on all of the other elephants, other bulls and elephant herds in that area." This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV. 