The Queen will become the first British Monarch to celebrate a Platinum Jubilee after 70 years of service this year. Her Majesty’s historic reign in the run up to the Platinum Jubilee Central Weekend will take place from June 2 to 5.  Many events and activities will be happening throughout the UK and beyond to celebrate the Platinum Jubilee. John Papworth, who has run a stall at the market since 1973 has called for Islington Council to display more flags across the borough in advance of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee next week, according to a news report by Islingtontribune. He told the publication: “I think it’s an absolute disgrace that Chapel Market hasn’t got one flag up. “You’ve got the Design Centre over there that’s full of beautiful, beautiful flags, but Islington Council hasn’t put a thing up.”  Traders at the market have been encouraged to buy their own “Love Your Market” bunting, which includes some Union flags, for £21. He said: “They expect us to buy that and put it up on our stalls,” he said. Instead of relying on traders to decorate the market, Mr Papworth has said he would like to see the council fund some Jubilee decorations. He said of council funding: “We don’t see none of it – we’re very lucky we get flowers every year.”  READ MORE: Plea for over 50s to return to work as staff shortages criple economy While Mr Papworth normally runs a fruit and veg stall on the market, he said “anytime there’s a big occasion or a royal occasion, I’ll go to the flags”. He has been stockpiling flags and bunting, along with Union flag hats and T-shirts for the Jubilee “since November”. He said: “From past experience, I know that it goes shorter and dearer.” Mr Papworth will be working throughout the Jubilee, until he sells out his stock. It will be a historic moment, “the likes of us are never going to see anybody on the throne for 70 years again,” he said.  DON'T MISS:Gunfire at US schools at a record highMonkeypox patients must ‘limit contact’ with petsUnsettled conditions for Brits as sunny spells threatened by wind A spokesperson for Islington Council told the publication: “We are supporting the whole community to celebrate The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, and have encouraged businesses to think about how they can engage with and reflect the festivities. “Our ‘Love Your Local Market’ social media campaign and free tote bags continue to support our street traders in Islington, encouraging footfall to Islington’s markets. “We have already distributed £33,000 in grants to support residents and organisations holding more than 60 events to celebrate the Platinum Jubilee. “These range from street parties to picnics, taking place in faith venues, council estates, parks, care homes and streets right across Islington – The Cally Road Traders Association successfully bid for funds to hold a Platinum Jubilee Street Party in the Story Street area. “These events will be complemented by activities in our libraries and schools to mark the anniversary, while the Local History Centre is also compiling a photo archive of Platinum Jubilee celebrations.” 