Former Middlesbrough forward Fabrizio Ravanelli believes Tottenham have a strong chance of competing for the Premier League title next season if they can keep hold of manager Antonio Conte this summer. The Italian has massively improved Spurs since taking charge in November, with his team well in the running for a top four finish as the season reaches its conclusion. However, there have been suggestions that Conte's head could be turned this summer if Spurs do not achieve Champions League qualification, with rumours linking the 52-year-old with a potential move to French giants Paris-Saint Germain if they sack Mauricio Pochettino. But speaking to The Sun Ravanelli, who is known to be close with Conte, thinks the north Londoners could be set for an exciting future under the coach. "I believe he has been doing very well at Tottenham but when a coach, especially Conte, gets to a team, he needs time," Ravanelli said. “I'm pretty sure he can make tremendous progress and achieve exactly what he has in mind. Tottenham has always been missing something - they never really manage to take that necessary step forward in quality. They have had a good mentality but it's not been effective in getting the results they want.  “Now with Conte and Fabio Paratici, they will be able to make the right choices to give them the right identity to win." Most supporters and pundits are of the belief that current front-runners Manchester City and Liverpool will continue to dominate domestically for at least the next few years, with Pep Guardiola and Jurgen Klopp seemingly not going anywhere any time soon. But Ravanelli appears to genuinely believe Spurs could become new challengers given the right circumstances, adding: "As for winning the Premier League next year, they will have to fight hard. We cannot forget Manchester City and Liverpool. "Tottenham have got seven or eight excellent players. They need to focus on the defence because that is their main weakness. They would also need to strengthen the midfield with new signings and sign a new striker to play alongside Harry Kane.  “Kane is the best but he is not enough so they will need to strengthen there next season. It won't be easy.” Conte and Spurs' immediate focus will be on trying to pip Arsenal to fourth spot, but they have a tricky-looking run-in. The Lilywhites travel to Liverpool this weekend before a mouthwatering showdown with the Gunners on May 12. They then host Burnley, who are scrapping for their lives to avoid the drop, before finishing with an away game at already-relegated Norwich on the final day of the season.