Sophie, the Countess of Wessex, Princess Anne and the Duke of Gloucester were photographed with St John's Ambulance workers while hosting a gala dinner to honour their work at Windsor Castle. The Royal Family Twitter account shared the photograph saying: "The Princess Royal, The Duke of Gloucester and The Countess of Wessex have hosted a dinner to celebrate the work of @stjohnambulance at Windsor Castle. "TRH are Commandant-in-Chief (Youth), Grand Prior of the Order of St John and Grand President of St John Ambulance respectively." For the occasion, Sophie wore a stunning sequin-embellished dress from Galvan which retails for £1,271. The silver floor-length gown featured short sleeves and a bateau neck. READ MORE: Kate & Pippa have one 'huge difference' when it comes to parenting  Sophie combined the dress with a silver clutch bag. The Countess of Wessex appeared to be wearing a diamond bracelet and a silver watch. The royal looked beautiful for the evening reception. She kept her blonde hair loose around her shoulders and opted for a glamorous make-up look with a smokey eye. Princess Anne also looked elegant donning a long black dress. The gown consisted of a black and white patterned top and a black velvet skirt. The Princess Royal was seen carrying a small black bag with a silver chain. For jewellery, she opted for a pearl necklace, pearl earrings and a gold bracelet. Earlier this week, Sophie attended an afternoon garden party in Buckingham Palace with the Duchess of Cambridge. The Countess of Wessex looked beautiful in a summery floral dress. The dress had long sleeves and a flowing, pleated skirt. The design was adorned with blue, pink, black, and grey flowers.   The Duchess of Cambridge opted for a pink dress by Emilia Wickstead. She paired the bright pink dress with a lighter pink hat by Jane Taylor. The Queen traditionally hosts a series of garden parties at Buckingham Palace at this time of the year. This year, however, she decided to delegate the engagements to other members of the Royal Family.