It didn’t take long for ‘King of Sitcoms’ Chuck Lorre to follow up The Big Bang Theory’s 12-year streak on CBS with another popular yet divisive half-hour comedy. Although United States of Al has sustained decent ratings for the network over the course of two seasons, it appears the series has lost out on a place on the 2022-23 schedule. United States of Al has reportedly been cancelled after just two seasons on CBS. Despite pulling in four-five million viewers per episode for the network, execs have ultimately decided to pull the plug on the touching yet divisive immigration comedy. The series was one of two shows continuing Chuck’s post-Big Bang deal with CBS after the series which brought geekdom into the mainstream came to an end in 2019. Both Al and Chuck’s medical-based comedy B Positive were renewed for second seasons after proving popular last year. READ MORE: Eurovision 2022: Italy dealt crushing blow days before final Unfortunately, Deadline reported there was space for just one of them on the schedule for the next year, and Al was ultimately chosen to miss out on the primetime spot. B Positive has yet to be officially renewed for a third season, but its chances are looking brighter now Al is set to be pulled from the airwaves. The upcoming finale in a week’s time will now serve as the series finale, hopefully bringing the story of interpreter Awalmir ‘Al’ Karimi (played by Adhir Kalyan) to a satisfying close. While United States of Al was initially criticised for its stereotypical depiction of the immigration experience, it also received praise for the way it handled the US withdrawal from Afghanistan. CBS Entertainment President said the producers had “been working hard to find the appropriate tone as the show moves forward". Although the opening episode was re-written and several military and Afghanistan consultants were brought on, some critics still believed the show wasn’t able to find the right balance two seasons on. The series primarily followed the friendship between Al and combat veteran Riley Dugan (Parker Young), who struggles with life back in the US. Al helps Riley readjust back to his old life in Ohio, while also making it his mission to get his friend back together with his estranged wife, Vanessa (Kelli Goss). DON'T MISS:Bridgerton season 3: Netflix drama replaces Bridgerton sister [LATEST]The Good Doctor season 5 theory: Shaun and Lea wedding called off [SPOILERS]Yellowstone fans spot plot hole with Jimmy and Mia showdown [BLUNDER] The series also stars Elizabeth Alderfer, Farrah Mackenzie and Breaking Bad regular Dean Norris. This marks the first time a Chuck-produced series has been cancelled so quickly since his first show as creator, Frannie’s Turn. However, the producer’s prospects with CBS are still going strong, as Young Sheldon and Bob Hearts Abishola are showing no signs of slowing down. While CBS has cut back on his created shows for now, Al’s cancellation could also make room for further seasons of B Positive. This series stars Thomas Middleditch as Drew Dunbar, a divorced dad with a rare blood type who is on the lookout for a kidney donor. He soon meets up with his old high school friend Gina Dabrowski (Annaleigh Ashford), who offers to be his kidney donor. Sara Rue co-stars as Drew’s ex-wife Julia Dunbar, with Kether Donohue, Izzy G, David Anthony Higgins, Darryl Stephens and Linda Lavin rounding out the supporting cast. The Big Bang Theory seasons 1-12 are available to stream on Netflix. United States of Al concludes Thursday, May 19 on CBS in the USA.