Suzy (played by Martelle Edinborough) was trying to get her relationship with Vanessa Woodfield (Michelle Hardwick) back on track as Tuesday's instalment of Emmerdale began. Earlier in the week, she thought the vet would be better off without her. However, she was reminded of her past and the impact partying with drugs has had on her life and this led her to make the decision to get rid of them for good. Leyla (Roxy Shahidi) wasn't too keen on giving up the new lifestyle she has become accustomed to and it was her husband, Liam Cavanagh (Johnny McPherson), who dropped the hint his wife could have an affair in the coming weeks on the ITV soap. The newcomer and Leyla have been spending a lot of time together recently but this is because they have been taking occasional drugs to give them a buzz. Wanting to make things work with Vanessa, Suzy explained to her friend she thought it was better to start calming down and live a less energetic lifestyle. Leyla explained she had found drugs a huge boost after supporting Liam through everything over the past year and she was less reluctant to make such a vow. She wanted to reclaim some lost years of partying and make up for it now by being able to go out with Suzy and have some fun. To get her friend off her case, however, she did pretend to throw away her last supply of cocaine before Suzy left to spend the night with Vanessa. READ MORE: Piers Morgan defends Meghan and Harry during Prince Andrew row In the pub, Leyla spotted the lovebirds having some dinner as she was going to enjoy a drink with Liam but she couldn't help herself going over. Although it seems she is only wanting Suzy to be her friend to get her drugs, this urge to keep spending time with her could be because she is attracted to the newcomer. She wanted to know if the couple were going out but they explained they were having a bite to eat before going home to watch some television. Leyla looked quite dismayed she wasn't the one going to be enjoying these plans with Suzy and she returned to her husband at the bar. Liam told his wife: "Thank you for suggesting we come out. Feels like ages since we made some time for each other." "Truth be told, I was starting to think you preferred nights out with Suzy rather than being with me," the doctor continued. "Don't be daft, I love spending time with you. I've just been busy at work that's all and well, you believe me, don't you?" Leyla replied. This was a big hint she actually isn't interested in her husband anymore and she cares more about spending time with Suzy. However, Liam said he knew his wife had been busy with work but said to her: "It's nice to see you with a spark back. "Having Suzy around seems to suit you," he continued, again another hint something could happen between his wife and the newcomer. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale star Ash Palmisciano pays tribute to ‘role model’ late mum [COMMENT]Emmerdale star Liam Fox shows off fairytale home with co-star wife [PICTURES]Malandra Burrows: Star’s cancer was picked up by her dog [COMMENT] Instead of having a drink at the pub, Leyla enticed her husband home as she wanted to spend some alone time with him. This could have been done to distract herself from Suzy spending the evening with Vanessa in front of the television. Although she seemed fired up before, when they got home, she dug her drugs out of the bin and decided to do a line of cocaine before joining her other half. It could be she has become so bored of him that she needs a buzz to keep her interested or otherwise, her mind could wander to Suzy. At the moment, it seems Suzy is more into Vanessa than Leyla as she might not realise her friend could have feelings for her. Once she realises the truth, things could change for Suzy as she might have always harboured feelings for the Take A Vow owner. It could have been she decided to settle with Vanessa because the vet didn't do drugs and would have provided her with a calmer lifestyle. If Suzy thinks her friend has given up drugs and is showing an interest in her, she could pursue an affair. Vanessa hasn't had the greatest experience with her love life and this could be yet another blow to her if someone else cheats on her. But when she discovers who her girlfriend could have betrayed her with, will she have ammunition to expose the whole thing? Will she tell Liam his wife has been playing away with her girlfriend? The actress who plays Vanessa, Michelle, spoke to Express.co.uk and other media earlier this year and explained she was involved in the casting process for the character of Suzy. Michelle said: "There were quite a few women that we saw for the part of Suzy. "Martelle and I just gelled straight away and had such a laugh I was hoping she'd be the one - and she was," she added. But will the romance shatter and break as a result of an affair? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.