CBS show NCIS has ended for another season with quite the climax starting with the drugging and kidnapping of former FBI agent-turned-UFO investigator Vivian Kolchak (played by Teri Polo) after some anonymous photos were sent into the team via the tip line. In the frame was Agent Alden Parker (Gary Cole), Vivian’s ex-husband who was the chief suspect. The team were quickly on the case as they tried to buy time to locate and rescue Vivian. As part of their investigation, the unit also paid a visit to Parker’s father Roman Parker (Francis X. McCarthy), who was living at an old people’s home. Roman was revealed to be non-navy and had some very strong views about his son’s divorce from Vivian. He went so far as to describe the end of their marriage as an “affront to god”. Roman also managed to serve up some useful information about Vivian’s jogging location with the agents quickly heading to Wyatt Lake to gather more evidence. READ MORE: NCIS season 20: Will there be another series? Many viewers are keen to find out more about actor McCarthy, who plays Parker’s father in the show. The American actor and writer was born on February 15, 1942, according to IMDb. He has had a long career spanning back to the 1970s with roles across film and television. McCarthy is best known for his performances in The Man with Two Brains, BASEketball, and Interstellar. Some of his early roles include recurring parts in Blind Ambition and The French Atlantic Affair. During the 1980s, he featured in the TV series St. Elsewhere and the original 21 Jump Street as Captain Briody, with bit parts in the likes of Moonlighting, The A-Team, Stingray and Dallas. One of his bigger roles during the 1990s was in the American soap Melrose Place as Dr Calvin Hobbs as well as featuring in The Practice. McCarthy had one-off appearances in M.A.N.T.I.S, The Secret World of Alex Mack, Babylon 5, Boy Meets World, and Frasier, among many other projects. The actor also featured in several films include Deep Impact, BASEketball, and The Relic. He has continued to work consistently throughout the 2000s with roles in Port Charles, The Last Chapter, and NYPD Blue. McCarthy’s more recent work has included TV shows Motive, Second Chance, Supernatural, Bates Motel, Motive, Second Chance, and Dear White People. He also featured in the Ruth Bader Ginsburg biopic On The Basis of Sex in 2018. DON'T MISS...Sally Nugent has head in hands after sharing Carol engagement [VIDEO]Samuel West famous family: Meet the Siegfried Farnon star's siblings [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan defends Meghan and Harry during Prince Andrew row [TV ROW] NCIS is his latest role to date and the star could be making a comeback in the CBS series depending on the direction of the story after the episode finished on a cliffhanger. The drama is going to be returning for season 20 in the autumn with the show confirmed to be part of the fall schedule for 2022-23. But there’s more good news for NCIS fans after it was confirmed NCIS: LA and NCIS: Hawaii would be making comebacks as well. For now, fans will have to be patient as the various NCIS spin-offs go on a break for several months. NCIS is available to watch on CBS and episodes drop on Disney+