More than 5.7 million people aged older than 70 and over now have a full driving licence. The oldest driver with a full driving licence in Great Britain is a staggering 108 years old. The total number of elderly drivers over the age of 70 increased by 10 percent compared to March last year. The figures show that by far the biggest group is the 70 to 79-year-old category, with 4.2 million drivers now in this age range, up by 11 percent since last March. The number of drivers in their 80s now stands at 1.4 million, up by nine percent. Greg Wilson, Founder of Quotezone.co.uk, commented on the data, saying the number of elderly drivers would continue to increase. READ MORE: Older drivers slam ‘unacceptable’ maximum driving age proposals He added: “The number of older drivers is rising rapidly as the waves of baby boomers celebrating their 70th birthday start to come thick and fast. “There is good news for people in the 70 to 79 age category as they enjoy the lowest car insurance premium of any age group, although they may be surprised to find that they face a hike in costs around the age of 80. “Even so, they will still be paying less than a 50-year-old – and much less than someone in their 20s. “Although a rise in premiums may be inevitable, there is still an opportunity to make savings, so older drivers should always make sure they use a price comparison site to shop around.” DON'T MISSUK car park that fines drivers even if they don’t park [SHOCKING]Furious 20mph camera debate on GMB [ARGUMENT]EV owners 'not immune' from costs - charging prices rise 21 percent [WARNING] According to DVLA data, 505 motorists in the UK hold a driving licence over the age of 100 years old, with three of these having only a provisional licence. The biggest percentage increases have been in the oldest age groups, with the number of drivers aged between 90 and 99 rising by 12 percent to almost 133,000. Those aged over 100 years old have also grown by more than 23 percent. Mr Wilson continued, saying: “They could also consider switching cars to one with a smaller engine, to help lower costs. “Drivers who are tempted to put younger relatives on their policy should remember that they will not only be paying more, but if the younger person does have an accident in their vehicle, as the policyholder, they could lose their no-claims bonus. “There are also a number of things motorists can do to keep driving for longer, such as taking a driver refresher course, reviewing the Highway Code for changes and having regular eyesight tests. “As the number of older drivers increases in the coming years, improvements to vehicle technology should also make it easier and safer for them to stay on the road.” In recent weeks, social media users have been up in arms over suggestions for the Government to introduce a maximum driving age. This was proposed as a way to keep roads safe and to ensure that everyone on the road was safe to be behind the wheel. Many were keen to point out that younger drivers are three to four times more likely to be involved in an accident than elderly motorists. According to data from the Older Drivers Task Force, there will be more than one million motorists over the age of 85 by 2025. Because of this, the organisation recommended that the DVLA should require evidence of an eyesight test at age 75. It said the DVLA, insurers and others should also encourage vision checks every two years, particularly from age 60.