It means it is unlikely the record fuel prices experienced by motorists are going to see any sign of abating, reports have suggested. Industry flagship Brent Crude sold for $111 (£90) a barrel - the highest price since March, while WTI sold for $108 (£87) a barrel.  It comes as OPEC+ agreed on Thursday to a modest monthly oil output increase agreeing to increase its production targets to 432,000 barrels per day by June. Although the ongoing war in Ukraine has mainly been blamed for the increase in oil prices due to investors being concerned about supply issues it is not the only cause. Prices were already increasing before the Russian invasion in February partially due to supply not meeting demand. Many countries around the world gradually ended their Covid lockdowns or restrictions in the third and fourth quarter of 2021.  This led to a rapid increase in demand for oil that producing countries, particularly in Africa and the Middle East, were unable or unwilling to keep up with. Due to this gap, between supply and demand oil prices went up. OPEC+ is made up of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries and allies including Russia. Two Reuters sources present at the meeting said delegates completely avoided any discussion about sanctions on Russia, wrapping up talks in near record time of just under 15 minutes.  READ MORE: Dr Shola sparks tells Tory voters to 'get their heads examined' A possible EU oil embargo on Russia is likely to force Moscow to reroute its supplies to Asia and cut production sharply. This is likely to increase oil prices even further. In the USA, the Biden administration has authorised the release of a billion barrels of oil from the country’s strategic reserves. The measure was enacted to combat price rises and the impact of the US oil embargo imposed on Russia. DON'T MISS:  RAF Voyager spotted above Trafalgar Square [REVEAL] RAF Chinook escorted by police as £30m kit passes pub goers [INSIGHT] RAF flypast route map: Voyager and Typhoon fighter jets to fly TODAY [SPOTLIGHT]  EU nations, many of whom were before the war dependent on Russian oil do not have the luxury of introducing such measures. Callum Macpherson from Investec said: “OPEC+ continues to view this as a problem of the West’s own making and not a fundamental supply issue that it should respond to.” He added that only Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates had capacity to lift supply significantly, adding: “If they were to do so, the ensuing falling out with Russia could bring an end to OPEC+.” OPEC Secretary General Mohammad Barkindo said on Wednesday it was impossible for other producers to replace Russian exports of more than 7 million bpd. He said: “The spare capacity just does not exist.” 