Jay Blades, 52, previously spoke about his shock at finding out his father, Trevor, had 25 other children. Jay, who didn’t meet his dad until he was 21, grew up in London with his mum, Barbara, and half-brother Justin. When he eventually connected with his father, Jay was told that he had four siblings but soon found out that was not true. Speaking in 2020, Jay explained: “I have 25 in total, including six in America, two in Africa and three in Jamaica. “I've met 11 of them and I am really close to my half-sister, Sophie.” By the time Jay was 25, he had two children by two different women and he never considered “settling down” at that time. READ MORE:Meghan Markle's 'main issue' pointed out by Karren Brady However, he began to fear that he would follow in his father’s footsteps. The presenter continued to the Mail on Sunday: “I loved the ladies I was with, but things didn't work out and I moved on, even though I always stayed in touch with my children. “I didn't want to be like my father.” Jay went on to have one more daughter, named Zola, from his previous marriage to Jade. It is thought that they split in 2015. The star announced that he was engaged to his partner Lisa Zbozen just before Christmas - but he has ruled out having any more children. Confirming the happy news on Twitter, Jay shared photographs of the couple on holiday in Barbados. A fan named Paul then replied: “Congrats. So is it a race with Will [Kirk] for the next toddler in the repair barn?” To which Jay promptly answered: “No more kids over here for us." DON'T MISSDennis Waterman's New Tricks co-star unable to speak on actor's death[LATEST]Monty Don sparks frenzy as he announces 'perfect' new family arrival[INSIGHT]BBC's Deborah James bids farewell as she moves to hospice at home care[BREAKING] Jay gave fans a rare insight into his romance with Lisa in a candid documentary, Learning To Read At 51, which aired in February. The restorer revealed that he did not know he was dyslexic until he was 31 and was finally learning to read. As the documentary charted his progress, Jay praised Lisa for her support. He said: "I've mainly got by from the help from those around me, people like Lisa." Lisa also opened up about Jay on the programme and claimed that he portrays himself as confident but his reading ability is an insecurity. She said: "He is very confident but I know that most of it is bravado. It's just a cover." The Repair Shop airs on Wednesday at 8pm on BBC One.