So much is at stake in this election. That’s why I’m asking you to think carefully about how to use your vote to beat the SNP and get the focus on to the issues that really matter to you. To get local action on local issues, we’ve got to make sure Nicola Sturgeon’s candidates don’t get in because they’ll never focus fully on the task at hand. It’s vital each and every pro-UK voter unites to make sure we keep the nationalists out. If we all act together as one, local results over the last year show it’s possible. But there’s only one way to be sure of locking the SNP out of power – and that’s voting Scottish Conservative. A vote for any other party risks letting the SNP in through a shady backroom deal. We know the Greens will do a deal – they’re already in a coalition government with the SNP at Holyrood. We know the Liberal Democrats won’t rule out a deal – Leader Alex Cole-Hamilton has said it himself. And we know Labour can’t be trusted to stand up to the SNP. They’ve been in coalition with the SNP in six councils and, in this election, they’re standing dozens of pro-referendum candidates. Some have already said they’ll defy party leader Anas Sarwar and work with the SNP. We’ll never work with  SNP candidates because they don’t have Scotland’s best interests at heart. They are not just distracted from the huge challenges facing us by their obsession with independence – it’s worse. They don’t back traditional Scottish values. In fact, they are actively pushing to abandon long-established Scottish and British traditions. I don’t only mean their attempt to break up our country or the republican, anti-monarchist tendencies of many of their candidates. Their agenda is everywhere to see. The SNP no longer seem to be content just with the power they have at Holyrood. They’re seeking even more power now. Nowhere is this more evident than in Scottish education. The SNP’s influence in our schools has been creeping ever higher for years. Their flawed curriculum seems to have been infected by pro-independence sentiments at too many turns. We’re seeing more and more instances where SNP ideology and messaging has found its way into the classroom. It doesn’t matter what political party you support, this should concern you. Young people shouldn’t be subjected to learning that appears to bear the fingerprints of the ruling government of the day. The SNP’s use of invasive and inappropriate questions has also gone too far in our schools. These controversial sex surveys contain questions that Ms Sturgeon herself has refused to answer. So why would anyone think they’re OK to ask young children? It’s out of order and that’s why every Scottish Conservative councillor has vowed to put an end to those surveys if elected tomorrow. No other party has made that pledge. We’re also the only party to stand up to the SNP’s attempts to force you from your car. Nationalist politicians now seem to think it’s their place to drive up the cost of your cars to the point that they become unaffordable. Their candidates have spoken about bringing in a workplace parking tax that would charge you just to park at work. They’re talking up the prospect of road tolls. They’re even contemplating a commuter tax to hit ­people travelling into our cities. There’s no way pro-UK voters can or will tolerate the way that the SNP are eroding these long-held, traditional values. We just won’t stand for it. The SNP are running down our country and your community. But tomorrow you have a chance to change that – your vote can make all the difference between the SNP winning and losing. The SNP are running down our country and communities. Vote to protect Scottish and British values, to beat Nicola Sturgeon’s candidates and to make sure the SNP don’t win power in your local council. We’ve got one shot – one big opportunity to hold Nicola Sturgeon to account. Together, we can take it. Make your vote count by using it for the Scottish Conservatives.