“A lot of positives weather-wise” for the Jubilee weekend, forecast BBC meteorological Matt Taylor. Despite some clouds and showers that are expected to make way into the long weekend, especially on Thursday and Friday, high pressure is going to build in. Dry weather and sunny spells are set to characterise the weekend, with temperatures reaching highs of 21C degrees (70F) across many southern and western areas of the UK. Low pressure from France could bring a few thundery showers in southern parts of the country, but overall the Jubilee weekend is expected to feel “pleasantly warm”, said Mr Taylor. Referring to the Jubilee weekend, Mr Taylor said: “The are some promising signs. High pressure looks in charge. “On Thursday, maybe into Friday, this little system pushes, which could bring a bit more clouds. “The chance of a few showers before high pressure builds back in. “And then into Saturday and Sunday, low pressure in France gets close to southern areas, which could straighten the wind. “It could just bring one or two heavy and thundery showers. “So overall, for the Jubilee weekend, there is a chance to have a few showers. “But, actually, most of the time, and most of you it is going to be dry. “It’s going to feel pleasantly warm with temperatures around 18C (64F) to 21C (70F) degrees across many southern and western areas. READ MORE: Queen Platinum Jubilee: Critics savaged for UK and Brexit hatred “Just have to watch the potential for the development of easterly breeze, which may make it feel cooler along some eastern coasts. “Overall, for the Jubilee weekend, a lot of positives weather-wise to take away at the moment.” Referring to today’s weather forecast and for the next few days, Mr Taylor said: “Sunshine and showers is the name of the game. “Showers can be heavy and thundery at times. DON'T MISS: Meghan could 'pull plug' on Jubilee return after bad publicity - claim [WATCH]Jubilee row explodes as Harry and Meghan told they are 'NOT welcome' [LISTEN]Fury as yobs destroy displays created for Queen’s Platinum Jubilee [INSIGHT]  “Dry start today for south-eastern areas, seeing some sunshine. “Pretty chilly start across East Anglia and southern areas this morning, but it should warm up with some sunny spells. “Showers will be developing as they work their way southwards and eastwards, some of those could be heavy and thundery in the afternoon. “Fewer showers are across the south admittedly, but even here they’ll be slow-moving with just gentle breeze and in between the sunshine, it should feel pleasantly warm”.