The French President has reportedly said he will become Hephaestus, the god of fire, forging, metallurgy and volcanoes in Greek mythology. Mr Macron had already compared himself to Jupiter in 2016 ahead of his first presidential election. According to French daily Le Parisien, the French leader told his first new cabinet meeting: "I have often been nicknamed Jupiter, but I will become Hephaestus, I will forge." The comments sparked hilarious mockery across France. French economist Maxime Sbaihi said: "A sentence that says more about the decline of our institutions than about the state of mind of its alleged author." French politician Francois Malaussena echoed: "If you were wondering how Macron's ego is doing, it's rolling. "He no longer thinks of himself as Jupiter but Hephaestus, god of fire, the forge and volcanoes." Responding to Mr Malaussena, Twitter user NIKO said: "So 'Jupiter' should know that he belongs to the Roman pantheon, unlike Hephaestus who belongs to the Greek pantheon. 'Vulcan' was the correct reference." Twitter user Alves Simon added: "Except that Jupiter is the Romans and Hephaistos the Greeks but hey, we're not going to ask him to be culturally developed." Weeks before a parliamentary ballot which the newly re-elected President Macron needs to win to be able to press ahead with his planned pro-business reforms, he is trying to show he is taking concerns about the cost of living and food inflation seriously. The government will agree the draft bill aimed at boosting purchasing power in the coming weeks, before the June 12 and 19 legislative elections, so that it can be voted on by parliament as soon as it reconvenes, its new spokeswoman Olivia Gregoire told a news conference after the government's first meeting. READ MORE: Ukraine wipes out Russian military base with NATO-supplied howitzer  "This text will concretely help all French people to reduce their constrained expenses," Ms Gregoire said, mentioning gas, electricity and transport and stressing the issue was an "emergency" for the government and a top priority for voters. But all eyes - and most of the questions at the news conference - were on whether Damien Abad, newly appointed minister for Solidarity and the Disabled, would remain in the cabinet after rape allegations emerged against him. Mr Abad on Sunday denied he had raped two women, following accusations published by the Mediapart website. Ms Gregoire noted that the complaints filed against Abad had been closed by the prosecutor's office with no further action. "As far as I know there is no ongoing procedure against Damien Abad," she said. DON'T MISS:Putin humiliated as Kremlin officials plot replacement [INSIGHT]Russian forces making ‘incremental gains’ [VIDEO]‘Now you know how we feel!' Pelosi blasted as Turkey takes UK's side [ANALYSIS] She added that if more women had allegations against the new minister they should come forward and that it was up to judicial authorities to rule on such allegations. The women quoted by Mediapart said Mr Abad had forced them to have unwanted sexual relations with him in incidents in late 2010 and early 2011. One of the women filed a complaint to the police against Abad in 2017 which was closed without further action, Abad and Mediapart said. Mr Abad said his disability, a disorder called arthrogryposis that affects all four of his limbs, made it physically impossible for him to commit the acts he was accused of. Mr Abad, who was previously the leader of the opposition conservative party in the lower house, was Mr Macron's biggest catch in centre-right ranks. Opposition politicians from the left urged President Macron to sack Mr Abad. Additional reporting by Maria Ortega