BBC podcast host Dame Deborah James has urged Channel 4 bosses to air the episode of Embarrassing Bodies she appears on even if she dies before it is due to be aired. The mother-of-two, who has terminal bowel cancer, filmed scenes for the medical series earlier this year where she spoke about her battle with the disease. Clips with Deborah will be aired next month when the new series returns. Deborah, who has been open about her illness since being diagnosed in recent years, spoke to young people about their experiences with cancer as part of Embarrassing Bodies. Reflecting on working on the show, the 40-year-old explained: "I might not live to see the episode air but I hope the message to, 'Check your poo' will live on, long after I'm gone. "It might be embarrassing, but it might just save your life," she told The Sun. "Early diagnosis of things like bowel cancer saves lives. So don't live to regret it, and don't risk dying because you're shy."  READ MORE: Lorraine warns Emmerdale guest to ‘behave' after appearance remark She revealed she has given her permission for an episode of Embarrassing Bodies which she features in to be aired even if she dies before it is due to be broadcast."I've given my blessing for this episode to run if I'm gone, if it helps save one life it will be worth it," she said.Deborah took to Instagram earlier this week to share a picture of herself and her husband and thanked him for helping her with her latest book launch.The Bowel Babe broadcaster gushed over her "rock" Sebastien Bowen and how they are able to "swallow the tears" and enjoy the last part of her life together. She told her 756,000 Instagram followers: "Seb whisked me (bit of a mission but worth it!) at the crack of dawn to @rhswisley before all the crowds to say we'll be done for the book launch, and it was just perfect for an hour."I haven’t left the house in 10 days as I have been too weak, and whilst I’m now going to snooze for most of the day (in the sun like a cat!)."I love this picture that reminds me of vibrant green life all around, despite the sadness of knowing the state of my body inside."The photograph was of Deborah in a wheelchair with Sebastien kneeling down next to her outside RHS Garden.  DON'T MISS...Deborah James celebrates her new book's success with husband Sebastien [LATEST]Deborah James praises husband for 'swallowing tears' during book event [INSIGHT]Deborah James 'emotional' over reaction to new book amid fear of death [UPDATE] She continued: "I’m blown away and utterly grateful by the response to the book pre-launch and the sheer numbers of you who have kindly ordered it."Not only contributing to the @bowelbabefund but also making it number one in the best sellers Amazon list."She explained how it had always been a dream of hers to write a bestseller."My first book just missed out, so maybe just maybe I’ll never know about this one, but I’m sure I’ll be celebrating somewhere," she added.