Similarly to UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson, Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer was filmed drinking beer with colleagues while campaigning in the constituency office of Durham in April 2020. A police investigation is now underway to find out whether Sir Keir broke lockdown rules in place at the time. Mr Starmer said he was confident he hadn’t broken the coronavirus rules and promised he would step down, should he be found guilty of breaking them.  Drawing a comparison between Boris Johnson’s latest party gate picture and Keir Starmer’s video, GB News presenter Darren McCaffrey confronted Labour MP Catherine West on how different those two stories were. "I mean, if we were to put that picture next to the picture of Mr Starmer drinking beer, you could say it’s exactly the same thing", GB News' McCaffrey said. "I mean, it was in the middle of a working day or towards the end of a working day. They’re reportedly drinking alcohol. Both are insistent that they weren’t breaking the rules. "And the prime minister has been found not to have broken the rules in this instance by the police.  "So, isn’t there a comparison to be made from that picture of Keir Starmer?", asked GB News’ Darren McCaffrey. Labour MP Catherine West defended: “Today’s newspapers outline 126 separate instances where alcohol was consumed and where parties were held "They were even partying so hard that they broke the swing that baby Johnson uses, the toddler uses at a play about in the basement. "The swing was broken. READ MORE: Tory MP 'fed up' with colleagues defending Boris with absurd 'excuses' "I mean that is serious partying that is getting down dancing, whatever." "And I think that report tomorrow is going to show us the extent of the way in which the culture at Downing Street was laughing at us, laughing at people when they were having one of the worst times that we’ve ever had as a nation", Ms West continued. Civil servant Sue Gray is expected to publish her long-awaited report into lockdown-busting events held at Downing Street at the height of the pandemic. And the pressure is mounting on UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson. Downing Street insiders who attended some of those events revealed to BBC Panorama that weekly “Wine-Time-Friday” or “WTF” were reportedly held in direct breach of coronavirus rules. DON'T MISS:Boris hit by attacks from INSIDE No10 - own staff turn on PM [REPORT]Boris coup: Hilarious to watch Lefties doing Tories' dirty work [REPORT]Sadiq savaged for 'intervening in police matters' after new Boris pics [REPORT] Ms West added: "And also, some people passing away, not being able to see relatives on those awful ventilator machines, and potentially spreading Covid as well. "So, when you ask about Keir Starmer, which I will answer now, I’m very pleased that our leader has some integrity and has said if he is fined, he will go. "And I am proud that we have somebody who is a man of principle", Ms West concluded.