Carlo Ancelotti told Florentino Perez that Real Madrid would win both La Liga and the Champions League after their 4-0 defeat to Barcelona in March, according to reports. Los Blancos conquered Europe again on Saturday, beating Liverpool 1-0 in the final. Vinicius Jr was the hero for the Spanish side, netting the only goal of the game in the 59th minute. Real Madrid headed into their match with Liverpool as underdogs, despite beating the likes of Paris Saint-Germain, Chelsea and Manchester City on their way to the final. And they claimed the prize for a 14th time courtesy of Vinicius Jr’s goal, with the Brazil international netting in the second half. After the game, Ancelotti and Perez shared a warm embrace. And Marca have now reported that, in March, the Italian promised the Real Madrid president they’d win the La Liga and Champions League double. This was at a summit held just days after Real had been battered 4-0 by Barcelona in their own backyard. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang scored twice for the Catalan side, while Ronald Araujo and Ferran Torres were also on target. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Perez was, at the time, alarmed by Real’s defeat. But Ancelotti, being the cool character he is, confidently told the Los Blancos supremo to ‘relax’ because he was full of belief they’d reign supreme. Ancelotti declared ‘unwavering belief in his players’ and also spoke about what was needed for next season. And Perez was left assured by the 62-year-old’s comments, at a time where Mauricio Pochettino was being linked with the job. Real won La Liga with four games to spare, finishing 13 points ahead of Barcelona. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here They scored 80 goals from their 38 matches, shipping just 31 along the way. And, now, they’re champions of Europe once again. Ancelotti has become the first manager to win the Champions League four times, with his first triumph coming way back in 2003. That was when he ruled the roost at AC Milan, with Juventus beaten on penalties in the final at Old Trafford. Ancelotti was crushed when Liverpool won the tournament at Milan’s expense in 2005. But they responded by beating the Reds in the final two years later, with Filippo Inzaghi at the double. Ancelotti was manager of Real back in 2014, too. And he guided them to the promised land at the expense of fierce rivals Atletico Madrid, who were beaten 4-1 in the final. Speaking after his side’s victory over Liverpool on Saturday night, meanwhile, Ancelotti opened up on becoming a record-breaker. And he said: "I can't believe it. We had a fantastic season. “We did really well. It was a difficult game and we suffered a lot, more so in the first half. In the end I think we deserved to win this competition. "We're really happy. What can I say? I can't say more. "I am a record man. I had luck to come here last year and have a fantastic season. “A fantastic club, a really good squad with a lot of quality and mental character. "The season was top. I think we passed through really difficult games. The supporters helped us a lot in the last game. They helped us tonight. “We're happy and they're happy.”