Tennis star Zheng Qinwen has sensationally claimed she wishes she could be “a man on court” as she blamed her French Open fourth round defeat to world No 1 Iga Swiatek on menstrual problems, which she described as “girls things”. Zheng won the first set of her encounter on Monday, before succumbing to her Polish opponent after stomach and thigh problems. “It's just girls things, you know,” Zheng said after she was knocked out of the tournament. “The first day is always so tough and then I have to do sport and I always have so much pain in the first day. And I couldn't go against my nature. I wish I can be a man on court, but I cannot in that moment when I say, I really wish I can be [a] man that I don't have to suffer from this. It's tough.” Zheng got the upper hand in the early stages of the match as she took the first set on a tie-break. But the tide soon turned as Swiatek, who hadn’t dropped a set in over a month ahead of the showdown, won the opening three games of the second set as Zheng was forced to take a medical timeout. Following the Chinese player’s return to court, Swiatek continued to dominate proceedings and didn’t drop a game in the second set, before winning the third 6-2 to progress to the quarter-finals. READ MORE: Nadal has 'never felt' like the 'King of Clay' despite 13 French Opens “In [the] first set I was just trying to play my tennis and I didn't felt pain in my stomach, so I was able to really get there and say, 'come on,’ [encouraging myself] to have [a] good attitude and some blood in the match,” Zheng added as she reflected on her defeat. “After [that], I just had too much pain in stomach. And I wanted to fight - I really, really wanted to fight. But I just didn't have the power and it was really tough. I couldn't show my tennis today in the second and third set. I'm really not happy with my performance.” DON'T MISS:Murray begins Wimbledon build-up with strong Jurij Rodionov winRaducanu shares Murray Wimbledon dream ahead of homecomingFederer retirement prediction made by McEnroe as comeback doubts cast  Swiatek won the French Open title in 2020 and is now the overwhelming favourite to taste glory at this year’s tournament after all nine of the other top 10 seeds failed to even reach the second week in Paris. The 20-year-old, who reached the semi-finals of the Australian Open in January and has now won 32 matches in a row, will continue her assault on the Roland Garros title when she goes head-to-head with American Jessica Pegula later this week. 