Jurgen Klopp feels as though Liverpool and Manchester City's dominance won't last forever, as he is wary of the business that could be done this summer. There may be a large gap between the rest of the league and both the Reds and City, but this could change with an influential transfer window. Klopp has admitted that Manchester United will "go big" this summer, and has also backed Tottenham to close the gap between them and City. Liverpool and City have been in a league of their own in recent years, but Klopp has warned fans that this won't last forever as their Premier League rivals will strengthen. Spurs, Arsenal and United are all undergoing a rebuild, and the German feels as though his side will be pressured in future seasons. Chelsea are also backed to be in the conversation, with Thomas Tuchel continuing to impress despite all of the hurdles thrown his way. And Klopp has backed all of their rivals to spend big. JUST IN: Arsenal warned off Danilo move as president makes 'nail it' promise  Klopp said: "Yes. I see it when we played Chelsea in the FA Cup final. I was over the moon about the way we played in the first half an hour at Wembley. It was the best half an hour we have ever played against Chelsea because they are so very difficult. "So we all learn, we will see how the squads will look next year - all these kinds of things. But you do know that Erik Ten Hag is arriving at Manchester United? "And they don't wait five years now or whatever they will go big and these kind of things. And you have Tottenham obviously. Antonio Conte is very, very ambitious and they already have a good team and if to play the two competitions (Premier league and Europe) they maybe need a few more players.  READ MORE: Man Utd staff have theory over Aaron Wan-Bissaka's failed spell "But they will bring them in and then that's it. But it's not about that. Nobody has to worry that the gap will stay forever or whatever. It was the hardest work to get here so if we ease off the gas a little bit then the 15-16 point gap at the moment is immediately down to three points - or nothing. "So it is all about us. To make sure we can be as good as possible and about the rest we don't have a real influence on. I say again we have a talented group, and we have will have a talented group next year.  "But we have to make a proper, proper machine of it and then we will go and we will see what happens." Liverpool may not have spent big over the last few windows, but they have got their recruitment spot on with some shrewd signings. The captures of Ibrahima Konate and Luis Diaz this season have been a masterstroke, and they have already played a major part in winning two trophies since their arrival. There is still the Premier League and the Champions League to play for, but it looks as though the Reds may fall short to City in the title race yet again. 