The Government had set its sights on banning the promotions on unhealthy food in supermarkets in a bid to tackle obesity. But the proposal was dropped ahead of the Queen's Speech today in a move welcomed by Conservative MPs and campaigners against the nanny state. Tory MP Philip Davies told Express.co.uk: "I am delighted that the Government has seen sense, and I am grateful to the Prime Minister for acting on the case I repeatedly made to him about this. "It would be unacceptable for a Conservative Government to introduce a nanny state ban on special offers at any time, but for it to have been proposed during a cost of living crisis was utter madness. "I very much hope that this hare-brained scheme never sees the light of day again." Tatton MP Esther McVey added: “I am delighted the Government has listened and this policy will not be introduced as planned. "I was against this from the start and made my views known at the highest level. "People need to be free to make their own choices and that includes taking advantage of any BOGOF offer or any other offer that may be available. "It is not for Government to dictate what people should or should not buy or lecture them on food choices. "Given the increase in food prices and general rise in cost of living these offers are extremely important and I think the news they will still be available will be widely welcomed by many families and shoppers." READ MORE: Queen's speech: The six new law changes announced today Christopher Snowdon, head of lifestyle economics at the free market Institute of Economic Affairs think tank, said the ban was "never going to end well" as families struggle with the cost of living crisis. Mr Snowdon told Express.co.uk: "Banning cheap food deals when inflation is rising to a 40 year high was never going to end well. "Boris Johnson was bounced into this regressive policy by the nanny state lobby and he urgently needs to bounce out of it. DON'T MISSBoris's energy masterplan scuppered by Brussels– EU still meddling [INSIGHT]National Insurance hike TO STAY - Boris and Rishi Sunak snub Tory MPs [ANALYSIS]Johnson and Starmer share awkward chat on way to Lords [VIDEO] "There will never be a good time to reintroduce it. "It should be put out of its misery for good." Plans to crackdown on BOGOF offers were announced in July 2020 as part of a wider strategy on obesity. Boris Johnson said he was "too fat" as he launched the crackdown months after battling Covid in intensive care. But the Food and Drink Federation's chief scientific officer Kate Halliwell warned at the time that "removing these promotions will add to the household's food bill". A poll also found that one in four feared they would not be able to feed their families without BOGOF offers. 