Knowing when to water plants in the spring and summer, can be a minefield. Some plants will naturally require more water while others, like Mediterranean plants, can be drought resistant. How deep the plants are watered, and how often can also have an impact on how a plant’s root grows. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Chris Bonnett, founder of GardeningExpress has shared his tips for watering plants in the spring and summer. Chris said gardeners need to "monitor" their plants over the coming weeks through to the summer. The gardening expert said gardeners should water plants at the very beginning or at the very end of the day when it's cooler in temperature. He said the evenings tend to be a “preferable” time. READ MORE: Kate & William: Inside Adelaide Cottage- 'much better option' for home Gardeners shouldn't just spray their plants a little bit but "soak them" and then allow them to dry out a bit before the next watering. He said: “If you really soak your garden once a week, you might not actually have to do it for another week, rather than spraying a little bit every day." In the height of summer, he said gardeners might need to water more regularly. Days where the weather is around 30C, gardeners will need to adjust their watering schedule.  DON'T MISS'Optimal solution' How to clean washing machine drawer - white vinegar [INSIGHT]Cleaning: How to keep spiders out the home using ‘super easy’ way [UPDATE]‘Best move’ to get rid of pesky garden weeds fast [ANALYSIS] But “right now”, the gardening expert said giving them a “good soaking once a week” should be enough. New plants need to be kept an eye on as they will likely need extra water as they get established. He also suggested mulching beds and borders to “conserve moisture”. The mulch helps hold the water in the soil and keeps beds and borders “weed-free”. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea This is so that the weeds aren’t “robbing the moisture from plants”. Some gardeners like to water their plants daily, however, Chris said it’s best to “soak” them once a week rather than spritz them once a day. He explained: “People are time poor so it’s better if you really soak them. “They’re going to last a few days rather than doing a little spritz over which might not have much effect.  “And if it’s warm, it might just evaporate that water away anyway.” Watering plants deeply can encourage them to have deeper and stronger root growth. Gardeners should water them around five centimetres once a week. Watering more often but less deeply can lead to weaker root growth.