Silent Witness fans were pleased when the long-running drama returned to BBC last week for the 25th series. The new instalments kicked off with an explosive incident, with Nikki and Jack thrown into a mysterious investigation following a shooting. As well as the intense forensic work and shock murders, viewers also tune in to see where the beloved characters are headed in their personal lives, and one question on the lips of all fans has been the question mark over Nikki and Jack's relationship. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other media, the actors explained what might be in store romantically for the pair. When asked about Jack and Nikki's kiss in the first episode of the new series, David explained what the show's producers had tried to avoid. "What can I tell you? Gosh, Jack seemed quite keen," he joked. "I can't speak for Nicky. But yes. The kiss yes, we knew what that would mean. "So we didn't take that lightly. It was quite a big deal to have your two characters suddenly kiss like that. READ MORE: Lucy Pargeter age: How old is Emmerdale's Chas Dingle star? "But we felt it was right for that moment. It was only fair really to give the audience that because I think they always wonder and they always ask that question. "I was interested to know what was happening with Jack and Nikki, so we felt like that was the appropriate moment to do it. "And then it was taken away very quickly as well. Which was quite good, good and useful for us. "So we wanted to just sort of lay the breadcrumbs a little bit for that and keep that sort of flirtation and slight ambiguity.  "We didn't want it to be too much too soon. And just sort of tease people a little bit with that." Talking about the direction the relationship might go, the two hinted the romance could last a long time. "And I think working out what happens when two people who've been friends for such a long time get together, that changes how you are with each other. "It's exciting but it's also a bit confusing, like new ground to be on. "And I think when the audience knows those characters very well and you put them together then what happens you know, do you break them up again to create their drama and tension? DON'T MISS... Flog It’s Paul Martin pays tribute to new co-star ‘best presenter' [EXCLUSIVE]The Repair Shop star reflects on one of 'most emotional' moments [VIDEO]Liverpool MP recalls horror of 'police brutality: 'Begging security' [LATEST] "So we wanted to play something which felt a bit more true, feeling your way into this newfound relationship when they've been friends for so long and what that means, and so we tried to chart a course." "Yeah it's often 'put them together to break them up,'" David added. "We sort of wanted to try and avoid that as much as possible. "It's very difficult, isn't it? That as much as possible, you want to try and avoid that and try and make it a very positive, mature relationship." The first episode of the new series saw a Covid-era-inspired issue relating to health passports and the regulation of the nation's health data. The series also saw the return of iconic character Sam Ryan (played by Amanda Burton), but her return has also raised questions about her motives. As her successor, Nikki found Sam's presence amid an intense investigation difficult, and tensions have risen between the two strong characters. When asked if she expected to return or if she had ever contemplated coming back, Amanda answered: "No!" She added: "I had the pleasure of Emilia and I doing a photoshoot together about four years ago, and we were sort of laughing about it then. "But it was sort of, 'Yeah, right. You know, that's never going to happen.'" Silent Witness continues on Tuesday at 9pm on BBC One. 