Prince Harry made a decision to step back from The Firm in 2020. His ventures since his exit from the Royal Family have caused controversy, tensions, and a divide between him and the rest of the family. Speaking on GB News, Vanity Fair's royal editor Katie Nicholl discussed the royal tensions and claims that the feud does "put a question mark" over the existence of the monarchy if "they can't stand and be united". Ms Nicholl said: "For me, and for many people, the idea of the Royal Family is all about unity. "If they can't stand there and be united, it does put a question mark over why we have them". "This is all about unity and bringing people together. The royal expert added: "I think the Queen's message is clear, whatever the situation, whatever the rifts, the family dynamics have been at play, we are going to put all of this aside. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry to have ZERO solo engagements in Jubilee crackdown "We are going to be together for this Jubilee celebration and that's why the Sussexes are a part of it". "There was diplomacy in not having them up on the Buckingham Palace balcony, that is reserved for working members of the Royal Family, and rightly so." Meghan and Harry will not be joining the working royals on the balcony. Prince Andrew will also not be on the balcony. A statement from Buckingham Palace was released earlier this month. READ MORE: Royal courtiers working tirelessly to remove flashpoints as 'Sussex bomb' about to drop The statement stated that the Queen had decided to limit "those on the Buckingham Palace balcony at Trooping the Colour to only working royals". Meghan and Harry are due to travel to the UK later this week for the celebrations. Aside from their quick pitstop to visit the Queen in April, this will be the couple's first proper UK visit. Since their royal exit in early 2020, Harry has visited the UK twice. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry 'trying to control' Jubilee narrative after snub [INSIGHT]Prince Harry and Meghan's new TV show 'smacks of desperation' [VIDEO]Prince Andrew broke Philip's memorial plans by escorting Queen [ANALYSIS] Harry attended Prince Philip's funeral in April 2021 and the second UK visit was when he joined Prince William for the unveiling of their late mother's statue in July 2021. Meghan, who was pregnant at the time with their daughter, did not join her husband for both of these visits. During the Jubilee visit, the couple and their children are expected to stay at Frogmore Cottage in Windsor. It has been reported that the Sussexes have renewed their lease on Frogmore Cottage, which suggests that they could be planning more frequent visits to the UK.