  Kirstie Allsopp stood by Amanda Holden today after the Britain’s Got Talent star defended her during the live show. Amanda claimed she “loved” the Location, Location, Location star after impressionist comedian Suzi Wild made a joke about Kirstie relying on a “trust fund”.      Kirstie, 50, said she “adores” Amanda in view of her 427,800 Twitter followers. The Channel 4 star was the subject of a few jokes earlier this evening when Britain’s Got Talent’s Suzi did a comedic impression of her during the show. Following the impression, that included references to a “trust fund” and the idea of Kirstie “throwing away diamonds”, Amanda defended her friend live on TV. Much to fellow judge Simon Cowell’s shock, Amanda insisted she “loved” Kirstie while she was giving feedback to Suzi. READ MORE: Paul O'Grady emotional after being forced to return his foster dog     “I adore @AmandaHolden always have, she’s gusty, funny and, it turns out loyal,” Kirstie penned. “I gather some of the silly lies printed, but then deleted, by the ST & @thetimes are perhaps being repeated by a @BGT act? “I will look into this tomorrow,” she concluded firmly, referencing an earlier public disagreement she’d had with the aforementioned publications. The piece in question claimed Kirstie was enraged by young people saying they could not afford to buy a home, despite the presenter coming from a middle class background herself.       However, Kirstie subsequently received an apology from the paper for misquoting her about young people being able to get on the property ladder. Nevertheless, it appears the story stuck in the mind of comedian Suzi, who joked about Kirstie’s “privileged” outlook on ITV’s Britain’s Got Talent this evening. Pretending to be Lorraine Kelly, Suzi began: “Oh this is a good one, right. Patronising personality of the year and - you’ve guessed it - it’s Kirstie Allsopp.” Imitating Kirstie’s voice, she continued: “Thank you. This just goes to prove that you can get by on talent, tenacity and a trust fund.” READ MORE... John Cleese accuses BBC of 'deceptive' and 'dishonest' interview [LATEST] Dan Walker's father-in-law unimpressed at Champions League final [NEWS] Catherine Zeta-Jones' emotional tribute as son Dylan, 21, graduates [NEWS]       Holding up an imaginary award, she continued: “And if you want to make this award yourself, simply find some gold from the back of your cupboard, turn it into a star shape and encrust with diamonds that would have gone in the bin.” Reverting back to the Lorraine impression, Suzi concluded: “Thank you! I don’t get her.” After Suzi’s act was finished, Amanda insisted she “loved” Kirstie, which caused a few BGT viewers to question her online. One viewer, TheRealZoeMBE tweeted: "Imagine going on tv and saying you love Kirstie Allsopp."       “Imagine that!” Kirstie replied defiantly. While some of Kirstie’s fans reassured the presenter that Suzi’s jokes were all in good fun, with Gary Bell writing: “Amanda was kind. The act was a lovely, talented impressionist. I don't think you would be too upset.” (sic) “I’m a fan Kirstie, so was ready to be offended, but she was quite gentle imo as far as comedians go…thought Amanda looked fab tonight too,” added Janes_worldview. (sic) Britain’s Got Talent continues tomorrow night at 8pm on ITV.    