Xur day is here once again with the sought-after merchant setting up shop in a new location in Destiny 2 today. The Agent of the Nine will be offering Guardians some new Exotics this afternoon and will be dropping into Destiny 2 around 6pm UK time. Today's Xur update will mark the first appearance of the vendor since Destiny 2 season 17 launched earlier this week. If you're wondering where to head to to find Xur then don't worry, Express.co.uk is here to help. We'll be updating this article with Xur's new location once he lands in Destiny 2 today. Once Xur has set up shop he will stay at this Destiny 2 location until the next weekly reset. In case you're wondering, last time around Xur was found at Nessus in a tree at the Watcher's Grave and this is what he had in stock... Xur Destiny 2 stock for May 20: Telesto, Verity's Brow, Actium War Rig, Gemini Jester  Ahead of Xur dropping into Destiny 2 Bungie published its latest weekly blog post about what fans can look forward to. The Destiny makers began its latest This Week At Bungie post by speaking about the horrific school shooting at Uvalde, Texas. The attack by a gunman at Uvalde's Robb Elementary School killed 19 students - aged between just seven and 10 - and two teachers. At least 17 more were injured. The Uvalde school shooting was the deadliest US school shooting since the attack on Sandy Hook Elementary School in 2012. The horrifying shooting has once again sparked discussions about America's gun laws and how stronger measures need to be in place, while there is also outrage surrounding the police response.  Texas police have confirmed the gunman was not confronted by police before he entered the school, and that officers waited an hour before entering the school the gunman had been holed up in. Speaking about the latest horrifying instance of gun crime - which comes a few weeks after the Buffalo mass shooting which is being investigated as a "racially motivated hate crime" - Bungie said: "Before we begin today’s TWAB, we wanted to acknowledge the horrific events in Uvalde, TX, earlier this week. We are all shocked and saddened by this unprovoked madness and our hearts go out to the victims and their families. "It's our hope that games and supportive communities can provide respite, and we encourage everyone to prioritize their own mental health needs right now, whether that means gaining comfort from your hobbies or taking a break to focus on yourself and your loved ones. Take care of one another." 