Brenda Moulton and her 19-year-old daughter, Kaylea, were on holiday on the Greek island of Mykonos. The pair have said that the food they ordered could not possibly equal the 600 euro bill (£514). Moulton told local Greek outlet THEMA, that she told the restaurant she wouldn't pay the bill. She claimed that a member of staff then told her they would call the police to keep her there and not let her return to the US. Moulton said her and Kaylea had initially sat on two sunbeds that a member of staff offered them. She claimed that the restaurant employee said they could sit there for free if they ordered a drink. READ MORE: England’s best beach is in Cornwall The pair claimed that the menu they were offered did not include prices for any of the items listed. Moulton claimed the pair ordered two mojitos. She added: “My daughter ordered crab legs, a plate with two large crab legs. “It looked delicious and I knew it would be expensive.” When the pair decided to leave two hours later, Moulton claimed she was handed a 600 euros bill which she didn’t believe could be theirs. She claimed: “I went in and saw a man sitting at a table. ‘Sit down’ he told me and showed me the bill. “I almost fainted. The guy told me to pay 600 euros and I told him he could not, some mistake would be made.” The DK Oyster restaurant told THEMA: “All the items we sell are listed in detail in the catalogue, according to the law. “The catalogues are in front of our store in a prominent place. We give the lists to our customers before ordering.“For all our products there are legal documents.” According to THEMA, Mrs Moulton has sought legal advice and made a complaint to the Mykonos Police Sub-Directorate. The restaurant has a 2.5 star rating on Tripadvisor and some visitors have made similar complaints over the prices. One from four weeks ago claimed: “My wife and I thought this looked a reasonable, bog standard beach bar, offering free sunbeds with a purchase of two drinks. “Luckily we got speaking to another couple on their honeymoon and they had been charged £85 for one drink!” Another claimed: “They have their own way to trick you to order without looking at prices on the menu. “When the exorbitant bill arrives and you get upset they tell you it is a high class restaurant and in the meantime it is a below average place charging Michelin three star prices. “If you still complain then they tell you they will call the police.” Another claimed the restaurant was “the absolute worst place to come in Mykonos”. DK Oyster Bar has been contacted for comment.