Sherrilyn Speid, from Grays, Essex, was banned from driving after using her Range Rover to try to move Insulate Britain protesters who were blocking the road while she was on the school run. She pleaded guilty at a previous hearing to dangerous driving over the incident last October. Insulate Britain spokesperson Tracey Mulligan has since admitted she may have ended up in the same position as Ms Speid. Speaking to LBC, Ms Mulligan said: "In my life, I've had some really tough days and I don't know that I wouldn't have reacted like Sherrilyn at some point. "But who put me on the road? The Government. "We're really sorry Sherrilyn suffered the consequences like this. "But we're all going to suffer much more." READ MORE: Mum galled after £40 fine for nudging M25 Insulate Britain protester The 35-year-old, who appeared for sentencing at Basildon Magistrates' Court on Friday, was disqualified from driving for a year, handed a community order and ordered to pay a total of £240. The court heard that she had been at the wheel of her black Range Rover Sport when she came across an Insulate Britain protest in Grays at about 8.30am on Wednesday October 13. Prosecutor Ashley Petchey said three demonstrators were sitting across the road and queues of traffic had built up behind them. Speid got out of her vehicle and "remonstrated" with the protesters, the court heard. The scene was caught on camera by a passer-by and the footage quickly went viral online. Heavily bleeped clips, which were shown in court, captured Speid getting out of her car before swearing and shouting at protesters. She can be heard saying: "I don't care what the issue is. "My son is 11, he needs to get to school today so move out the way and let me get my son to school." DON'T MISS POLL: Should there be a maximum driving age in the UK? [POLL]Monkeypox warning: 'Rare virus' confirmed in UK - seven symptoms [ANALYSIS]Is Monkeypox deadly? Four symptoms you need to know as US detects case [INSIGHT] In a separate clip, the car could be seen jerking forward into the backs of protesters sitting on the road. Mr Petchey said Speid, who cried in the dock throughout the hearing, was "clearly very angry and agitated by the situation". He added that she was not using "excessive speed" and "was using the brakes quite harshly". Mr Petchey said dangerous driving means that injury could have been caused.