With less than a week to go before Dan Walker begins his new role at Channel 5, he has been enjoying some downtime. The 45-year-old presenter, who quit BBC Breakfast this month, took to Twitter and shared a photo of his son. The doting father, who also has two daughters, revealed an amusing moment of his son attempting to hide from him. "This just popped up on my photos," he exclaimed in view of his almost 760,000 followers. "An early picture of our little lad Joe playing hide-and-seek!" The 45-year-old then added affectionately: "Kids are the best." READ NOW: A Place In The Sun presenter Danni Menzies shares racy bedroom selfie His son had been lying face down on a counter top in his bright red and white striped pyjamas, in the hope of avoiding being seen. Viewers played along, chiming in with cries of: "Where is he?" @JaneMaddison2 joked: "If he’s got his eyes closed, nobody can possibly see him! Very sweet pic." @mrgbriggs reasoned: "If I can’t see you, you can’t see me. Brilliant plan. Hope he was a winner." @BeechesImages chimed in: "I can't remember when my son upped his game on hide and seek. But it used to be harder to pretend you couldn't see him without laughing. "Now he has reached the giddy age of 11 he just doesn't want me to find him period !!!" Dan has been relishing his family time before he begins his new role at Channel 5, which will begin next week. The former BBC Breakfast host rarely shares photos of his family, but made an exception for this shot. DON'T MISS... John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning [DEBATE] Mel Gibson, 66, unrecognisable as he is spotted in Glasgow [PHOTOS] Catherine Zeta-Jones' emotional tribute as son Dylan, 21, graduates [LATEST] He recently shared photos of himself and his children during a family holiday to Italy last year. The former BBC presenter departed the show after six years, as he bid farewell to his colleagues and viewers on May 17. Dan was forced to face viewers after less than three hours of sleep following a disaster with his electric car. "I'm looking forward to [my last shift] if I actually manage to get there," he quipped, as he posted to Instagram Stories during the interrupted journey. "I'm currently at some service station on the M40 trying to charge my electric vehicle!" The following day, the star chuckled: "I did just two hours and 46 minutes sleep!" Fans are now looking forward to catching sight of him again when he begins at Channel 5.