Tesco is the latest supermarket to issue a food recall for a frozen pastry product. A food recall is when there is a problem with a product meaning it should not be sold. Instead, it is withdrawn - taken off the shelves - and customers are then asked to return the product to the store. Here are all the details. Tesco is recalling Tesco Frozen All Butter Croissants six pack because it may contain almonds (nuts) not mentioned on the label. The croissants are found down the frozen aisle and are to be cooked from home. Due to a packaging error, some packs may have been incorrectly packed with Tesco Frozen Almond Croissants, which contain almonds (nuts). This means the product is a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy to almonds (nuts). READ MORE: Former McDonald's worker shares the secrets of the fast food giant food The product details are: Pack size: 255g, six pack Batch code: LL 111 Best before date: September 2022 DON'T MISS...Lidl extends food recall of popular beer as more batches affected [NEWS]How to look younger: £28 high street serum that 'strengthens skin' [EXPERT]Lawn care: How to 'instantly’ repair brown patches [EXCLUSIVE] Alongside recalling the product, Tesco has contacted the relevant allergy support organisations, which will tell their members about the recall. The company has also issued a point-of-sale notice to its customers. This notice explains to customers why the product is being recalled and tells them what to do if they have bought the product. Anyone who has recently purchased Tesco’s Frozen All Butter Croissants, they have been asked: “Please do not consume this product if you have an allergy to almonds. “Return the affected product to store where a full refund will be given. No recipet is requored. “Tesco apologises to our customers for any inconvenience caused. “If you require further details, please contact Customers Services directly on: UK 0800 505 555.” The Food Standards Agency also issued a statement. It said: “Our advice to consumers If you have bought the above product and have an allergy to almonds (nuts) do not eat it. "Instead, return it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund." Nuts can cause allergic reactions, which are sometimes severe. A severe reaction to nuts is called anaphylaxis and can be life-threatening.