Just hours after announcing she was filming a new show in an idyllic countryside location, Alex Jones Thompson said she is currently in the hospital with her son. The One Show presenter explained to her 337,000 followers on Instagram stories that she was waiting for her son Kit to return from the theatre room after a routine operation. "Waiting for my little Kit to come back from theatre after a very routine op," she captioned the photo of a hospital bed. "But feels like the longest morning of my life!" The BBC star didn't share any more details about her son's medical treatment but simply shared a picture of a hospital bed. The 45-year-old has famously been extra-protective over Kit right from the beginning. READ NOW: Amber Heard's low-cut charity event dress she says sparked fury shown Last year, she posted an Instagram photo of her cradling him to her chest as she explained the upheaval he might feel when his little sister arrived. "Grabbing all the cuddles I can," she wrote emotionally. "This little one has no idea how much his world is about to change. Alex had punctuated the post with a heartbroken emoji. Alex welcomed baby Annie into the world after giving birth to her only daughter in August 2021. Meanwhile, her eldest child, Teddy, is now five, while her youngest son Kit is three. Alex is besotted with all of her kids, regularly speaking of her affection for them. DON'T MISS... Nicole Kidman, 54, looks almost unrecognisable in make-up free photo [PHOTOS] Richard Gere, 72, looks loved up with third wife Alejandra Silva, 39 [INSIGHT] Andrea McLean watches Met Gala from afar as she turns up uninvited [LATEST]  Last month, prior to the op, Alex treated her children to a sunshine break in the Cotswolds. They stayed at a luxury property provided by Lower Mill Estate, which bills itself as offering the best "sustainable, luxury Cotswold holiday homes". "Made the most of the sun and had the best day on the water," she wrote on Instagram afterwards. "We crammed a week's worth of activities into one very fun day!" "Children and adults now exhausted," she joked, before inviting followers to: "swipe for the most undignified dismount from a kayak ever!!" More recently, Alex took a trip to the Invictus Games and videoed herself boating down a canal in the Netherlands as they prepared for the big event. She was also able to check out the tulip fields in Keukenhof. The BBC presenter often shares insights into her family on the social media platform.