Gary Neville admitted he was “f****** ecstatic” after Liverpool lost the Champions League final 1-0 to Real Madrid on Saturday night. The former Manchester United defender was in a pub to watch the game and took to social media after the full-time whistle to revel in his rivals’ misery.    Liverpool had 24 shots to Real Madrid’s four at the Stade de France but could not find a way past the outstanding Thibaut Courtois. Real scored in the 59th minute when Fede Valverde’s low cross was turned in by Vinicius Jr and the Spanish giants then defended stoutly to hold onto their lead. Jurgen Klopp’s side went close on several occasions, with Courtois tipping Sadio Mane’s effort onto the post in the first half and making a string of saves from Mohamed Salah. But ultimately they had to settle for the runners-up medal in Paris as Carlo Ancelotti claimed a fourth Champions League trophy for his collection and a 14th for Real. The result delighted Neville, who watched the match in a busy Manchester pub. He took to Twitter following the full-time whistle to rub salt into the wounds, writing: "It’s really normal to be happy tonight if you’re a united fan! I’m f@@@@@g ecstatic!"  JUST IN: Sadio Mane shows he's a class act after Liverpool lose to Real Madrid Earlier on in the evening, Neville had posted a video of the people around him celebrating Vinicius’ goal while he wore a huge grin on his face. And after the full-time whistle had blown he videoed the pub singing James’ famous song Sit Down Next to Me. Neville may have been buzzing, but understandably Klopp was downbeat in his post-match interview with BT Sport. "In the dressing room nobody feels it was a great season at the moment. We maybe need a few hours for that,” he said. "We had a lot of shots but not the clearest. Courtois made two top saves. We conceded a goal from a throw-in. Valverde wanted to shoot, Vinicius was there and that's it.  DON'T MISS Rio Ferdinand perplexed by Michael Owen's 'disrespectful' comment Real Madrid Champions League hero Courtois fires back at humble claims Four worst Liverpool players in Champions League defeat against Madrid "The boys tried everything, especially at 1-0 down then we played like we wanted to play before. We had our midfielders too deep. It's a threat they are with counter attacks. We wanted to be more brave in the second half. That's what we said at half-time. We played around them. We should have played more in the formation than around them." He added: "It feels different. It's not bad to get to the final. It's a kind of success. Not the success you want to have. I have a strong feeling we'll come again. The boys are really competitive. It's an outstanding group together. We will have an outstanding group next season.” 