Weapons expert Hamish de Bretton-Gordon told Express.co.uk that NATO would "absolutely" get involved if Putin used any form of nuclear weapons, even if those weapons are only tactical nuclear weapons. Less powerful than strategic nuclear weapons, tactical nuclear weapons are intended to destroy enemy targets in a specific area without causing widespread destruction and radioactive fallout. Mr De Bretton-Gordon said that Putin estimates the West wouldn't react if he used these weapons, which the expert described as a "miscalculation". He said that Putin is "running out of options", as he is also "unlikely" to use chemical weapons. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: "If he goes to the nuclear option then NATO absolutely will get involved, and he could lose everything. "The talk of a tactical nuclear strike is the most likely. "A relatively small nuclear strike could hold the Ukrainian forces in their steps and allow him to negotiate. "It's a calculation - what will the West do? "Putin thinks they won't do anything. "And I think that is probably a misjudgement because I think NATO probably will do some strategic strikes on some key Russian assets if they use nuclear weapons." LIVE UPDATES: Ukraine LIVE: Russia uses missiles to destroy Western weapons shipment Mr De Bretton-Gordon also said that Putin appears reluctant to use chemical weapons in Ukraine. Instead, he said, the Russian leader is more likely to attack factories that contain large amounts of chemicals, such as ammonia. He said: "The area where you would expect him to use it would be Mariupol. "Had he used chemical weapons a few months ago, Mariupol would have fallen I expect. And he didn't. DON'T MISS: Crippled Russia running out of weapons as embarrassing war end looms [REVEAL] Sweden and Finland to bolster NATO with nearly MILLION more troops [INSIGHT] Putin 'ill' health in spotlight as video of 'bloated' leader emerges [ANALYSIS] "There is obviously something that is stopping him from doing that. "So I think on the chemical side it's probably unlikely. "I wouldn't be surprised if we see more attacks on factories that contain large amounts of chemicals, which we've seen already with the ammonia factory attacks in the north and another one in the Donbas. "So that could be possible, but that would have a lesser impact and I think the Ukrainians are better prepared now to mitigate the impact of that. "He is running out of options, that's for certain." Last week, a top US intelligence official warned that Putin could trigger a nuclear strike as a result of a defeat in Ukraine. The warning, delivered in an assessment from US intelligence chiefs, said Putin could view defeat as an existential threat to his regime. US director of national intelligence, Avril Haines, told the Senate armed services committee that the Russian President would continue to wield Russia’s nuclear arsenal in an attempt to deter Western allies from lending further support to Ukraine. She said: "We do think that [Putin’s perception of an existential threat] could be the case in the event that he perceives that he is losing the war in Ukraine, and that NATO in effect is either intervening or about to intervene in that context, which would obviously contribute to a perception that he is about to lose the war in Ukraine."