The Hairy Bikers star Dave Myers has revealed that he's undergoing treatment for cancer. The star, who is best known as one half of the Hairy Bikers alongside co-star Si King, has spoken out about his treatment after explaining that he's set to receive chemotherapy, as his fans flocked to social media to wish him a speedy recovery. The celebrity chef, 64, chose not to publicly reveal the condition and reassured his fans that he's "going to be fine". The chef opened up about his recent health challenges in his latest podcast alongside his Hairy Bikers co-star and shared he will be undergoing chemotherapy. Following the news, the star has been inundated with messages of support from his followers. Taking to Twitter, many fans wished the chef well. READ MORE: Jane Fonda, 84, reflects on 'final act' in career in new interview Twitter user @irishmomac wrote: "Wishing Dave Myers’s a speedy recovery." @LemSip27 penned: "Sad to hear that #DaveMyers of the Hairy Bikers has cancer. Wishing him well on his journey." "Best wishes to @HairyBikers Dave Myers," added @Lel_1967. While @tina_swindells wrote: "I hope Dave Myers has a quick and speedy recovery," alongside a series of heart emojis. One social media user tagged Saturday Kitchen presenter Matt Tebbutt with a thoughtful idea. @DaiWright1 wrote: "@matt_tebbutt Just an thought but might it be an idea to send good wishes to Dave Myers on tomorrow's show for his cancer treatment and chemo?" The chef opened up about his recent health challenges in his latest podcast alongside his Hairy Bikers co-star and shared he will be undergoing chemotherapy. Dave said: "I maybe a baldy biker for a while… it's simply something I have to live with. DON'T MISS...Victoria Beckham spills on Mel B's MBE as Scary Spice goes commando[INSIGHT]Holby City star Rosie Marcel rushed to hospital for surgery [ANALYSIS]Amber Heard's broken nose shown to court after alleged attack by ex [UPDATE] "Anyway Kingy, I've got to come clean now, I haven't been too well recently and basically, I've got to have some chemo. "You know all this anyway, so this year is going to be a bit quiet for me," he confessed. Dave went on: "I'm not going to be filming, some of the festivals I'm not going to be able to go to, some may be okay but this year's a bit of a write off for us." "I have had to speak up about this because I don't want to hide under a rock, but I would love it if people respected my privacy and just let me get on with it and give Si and our team all the support they need. "But look, the prognosis is OK. I'm going to be fine," the TV star continued on The Hairy Bikers - Agony Uncles podcast Dave, who appeared on Strictly in 2013, continued: "I've just got to tuck in, look after myself, eat sensibly and get over this mess, flog books, and be a happy person so within that, that's where I am. "I may be a baldy biker for a while so it's just a warning, I don't want to make a fuss about it, I look alright bald actually." He added: "Under different circumstances I would embrace it more but I feel under these circumstances it's simply something I have to live with, get on with it, and crack on." Dave has made the decision to not publicly reveal the type of health issue has been diagnosed with but remains optimistic.