Tottenham boss Antonio Conte has a major issue on his hands amid the news that Lyon will not be taking up their option to sign Tanguy Ndombele on a permanent basis. The 25-year-old midfielder has endured a disastrous time at Spurs since he became their record signing when he joined for a fee of around £55m in 2019. The Frenchman has struggled for fitness and form, while there are also major question marks over his attitude despite his undoubted talent. Conte is clearly not a fan, and shipped Ndombele out on loan back to his former club Lyon in January. It was reported that the Ligue 1 side would have the option to buy him back for a fee of £54m, but according to Football London they have no intention of doing so after he again failed to sparkle back in his native contry. It means Conte and Spurs chairman Daniel Levy will have a big headache to deal with once Ndombele returns to north London. The last thing the Italian needs is a potential disruptive influence in his dressing room amid the renewed impressive team spirit he is building at the club. Yet it seems highly unlikely that Ndombele will be able to force himself back into the first-team, and he clearly simply does not suit Conte's system. That leaves the option of trying to sell the player or sending him on another loan, but it is hard to see who would be prepared to take a punt on such an unpredictable and eccentric talent. A big issue are his wages, with Ndombele reportedly one of Spurs' highest earners, taking home around £200,000-a-week - the same as club talisman Harry Kane and more than senior stars such as Son Heung-min and Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg. He would likely need to take a massive pay cut in order to get a move, and may well be content staying at Spurs and seeing out his contract, which does not expire until 2025. This would be a frustrating outcome for Spurs, who would no doubt rather save the cash on a player who will likely be nothing more than a back-up option at best next season.  Ndombele's last appearance for Spurs came in an FA Cup third round tie against Morecambe in January, when he was booed by supporters as he trudged off the pitch after being substituted following a dismal performance. Speaking about the situation afterwards Conte said: "I was so focused on the game because we were losing 1-0. This type of situation [happens] in football. You have to be good to try to change opinions if someone is disappointed with you. "It’s normal. I was a player and it happened sometimes to me that someone was unhappy with my performance. This is our life. I repeat, it’s OK. We have to continue to work and try to be better next time."