They spoke out after Ofgem revealed it was considering reviewing the price cap - which regulates bills for 23 million households - every three months instead of six. Jonathan Brearley, Ofgem's chief executive, admitted that the changes could result in people seeing their energy bills raised four times in a year. But MoneySavingExpert founder Martin Lewis said, the move would "effectively" prevent energy companies from slashing prices when wholesale costs fall. And he warned that switching to reviewing prices every three months was exactly what the big energy firms wanted. He said: "Item after item of the changes that are being made are absolutely kowtowing to the lobbying of the industry. And every mitigating factor I and other campaigners had put in has been simply ignored." "Institutionally, it is a disgrace. They are selling consumers down the river." "I'm calling on politicians of all parties, do not let the regulator do this." "Your regulator, charged with protecting consumers, is instituting policies in the cost-of-living crisis, when people may well die because they cannot afford to pay their bills, to effectively restrict competition and keep prices artificially high when it is unnecessary to do so." Explaining market stabilisation and the changes being made to it, Mr Lewis said: "If you were to switch to a new firm away from a price cap, the new firm would have to pay the old supplier 75 pecent of the hedging difference." "That was pretty bad. Then today, they announced they were changing it, and I thought 'good'." "But it is no longer they have to give 75 percent." They have to give them 85 percent of the difference. This is to 'prevent consumers from the effects of harmful competition'. "By harmful competition, they mean cheaper prices. To prevent consumers from suffering from the ill-effects of cheaper prices. It effectively curtails any hope that if wholesale prices drop, firms will be able to offer cheaper deals to consumers who are able to switch." He added: "I was absolutely flabbergasted. This has the effect of entrenching big monopoly suppliers, who now dominate the market, into their position, killing off any competition." The energy price cap - currently at a record £1,971 per year for the average household - is reviewed every six months and changed in October and April. Ofgem hopes that its three-month plan would come into force from October, meaning the first change under the new system would be made in January. Ofgem's boss Jonathan Brearley said: "The proposed change would mean the price cap is more reflective of current market prices and any price falls would be delivered more quickly to consumers."