Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta refused to speculate on rumours that Gabriel Jesus will arrive from Manchester City this summer, after the player's agent admitted that the Brazilian 'likes' their project. The Spaniard also confirmed that Ben White and Bukayo Saka are both injury concerns ahead of Thursday's mouth-watering clash with Tottenham. The Emirates is a busy place at present with talk simmering away on Thursday's crucial encounter and who the club could pursue this summer. Indeed, the former may have a telling effect on the latter as victory over Spurs would rubber-stamp the Gunners' spot in next season's Champions League, allowing them to entice higher-profile targets. Questions on Jesus were expected after quotes from the Brazilian's agent fuelled speculation on Wednesday. Marcelo Pettinati admitted that talks were held and the approach was being considered, but Arteta sternly added: "I don't talk about any players that are not with us." JUST IN: West Ham 'offer Declan Rice huge EIGHT-YEAR contract' to ward off Man Utd and Chelsea  With one year remaining on his contract at Man City, the Gunners are expected to tackle their short numbers in attack by launching a bid for him in a few weeks' time, but Arsenal fans will seemingly have to wait for concrete progress before the boss speaks out. Meanwhile, Arteta was also pressed on team news ahead of the north London derby. The big hitters will need to turn up against Tottenham, who earned an impressive draw at Liverpool last time out, but the Spaniard revealed: "Ben [White] is still a doubt, we have to assess how he is feeling, which is much better. Bukayo [Saka] the same." DON'T MISSErik ten Hag’s five-man Man Utd strikeforce with two signings and Cristiano Ronaldo [COMMENT]Man Utd to save £50m when six stars leave and plan to repeat Jadon Sancho transfer tactic [TRANSFERS]Chelsea's stunning starting XI if Thomas Tuchel signs Richard Keys' three suggestions [TRANSFERS] Rob Holding has deputised for White over the past two matches, both of which Arsenal won by narrow one-goal margins. The likes of Heung-min Son and Harry Kane may be keen to exploit the £50million-man's possible absence, and both are in fine form heading into the stage of the season where things are won or lost. Saka would also be missed if injury rules him out, but Arteta has other exciting options to call on. Nicolas Pepe has broadly left fans frustrated when this campaign, but Emile Smith Rowe will presumably be ready to step in with Gabriel Martinelli on the other flank. Whichever way it is spun, there will be a hefty weight on young shoulders in such a high-stakes game. Anything but an Arsenal victory would leave the door ajar for Spurs, who round off the campaign with relatively favourable fixtures against Burnley and Norwich.  "We try to approach every game in the best way emotionally," added Arteta. "There are moments and people that can describe what this game means better than I can, or in a different way. They always try to get the players in the right mindset to play the game. "The message is clear, if we win against them we will play in the Champions League next season. You don’t need much more motivation than that." 