Piers Morgan, 57, has become embroiled in a social media feud with the Labour MP for Walthamstow, Stella Creasy, 45. Piers became angered when Ms Creasy said a “woman can have a penis”. READ MORE:Monty Don details difficult time after he and wife 'lost everything' “JK Rowling doesn't support self-identification whereas I do. Of course biological sex is real - it's just not the end of the conversation.”Following Piers’ tweet, the Labour MP promptly hit back with a message of her own.She penned: “Tbh @piersmorgan hard to take lectures from someone about right and wrong whose team tried to get me to go on your talk show to talk about IF sexual harassment should be made a crime.  “It already is just in case you're confused.” Piers then swiftly retaliated and clarified that Stella had been asked to go on his show to discuss wolf whistling.He wrote: “That was about wolf whistling, which isn’t a crime yet.  “But to be honest, if you think women have penises, you probably wouldn’t have been a good fit for that debate.”Their feud has continued today after Labour chair Anneliese Dodds was challenged over Stella’s statement. DON'T MISSHelen Mirren, 76, unrecognisable in heavy makeup and hair extensions[PICTURES]Tom Hanks' feud with Ricky Gervais laid bare: 'He's on his high horse'[INSIGHT]Eamonn Holmes set to undergo surgery as host unable to walk his dog[LATEST] Ms Dodds told Sky News: “Well, no I don’t agree with her. Biological females obviously aren’t, of course there are also trans-women who have made the transition in their gender, but sex is not the same as gender.”Piers was quick to spot Ms Dodds’ comments and shared a new article headlined: “Stella Creasy was wrong to assert that a woman can have a penis, a Labour minister has said, as the party continued to flounder with the issue of defining womanhood.”Piers chimed in the caption: “Labour now in civil war over whether women have penises… unbelievable.” His tweets divided his followers and many took to the comments to share their views. Martin agreed, saying: “It's pathetic that people are arguing over this when we have such massive issues at the moment in this country.” JMC echoed: “I honestly can’t believe the tripe that people who are supposed to be educated feel the need to debate.” However, some thought Piers was exaggerating the situation. Laure said: “Civil war? Ok then. You know it’s a contentious subject and people in an organisation can disagree on the matter?”Papillon remarked: “Two Labour MPs disagree. Hardly civil war.”And BugRider pointed out: “Civil war? If you watch the interview you'd realise it is nothing of the case.”