The Last Kingdom returned to Netflix for its fifth and final season earlier this year and Lady Aelswith (played by Eliza Butterworth) became a fan-favourite. She was the wife of King Alfred (David Dawson) and she believed in his vision of a united England. Fans are keen to know if the actress is dating in real life and Express.co.uk has all you need to know. The Last Kingdom fans were on the edge of their seats as they awaited the fates of their favourite characters in the final season. Aelswith was shown in a different light as she fought for her family's future. Eliza Butterworth sadly announced she would not be a part of the upcoming follow-up film, Seven Kings Must Die. Instead, she has been filming in Tenerife for her latest project, the Sky series A Town Called Malice. It was during her time in Tenerife that she updated fans about her relationship. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom’s Alexander Dreymon on leaving Uhtred behind In May 2022 she shared a photo of herself with a man, who had his arms wrapped around her. She captioned the photo: "My Man [heart emoji] you walked right out of my dreams." From this, it appears the 28-year-old actress is currently in a happy relationship. Melsglowhouse_ responded: "You two are absolutely adorable together." Hofmannkatja3 replied: "So gorgeous together." Although she has not given the name of her partner, she appears to have tagged one of his Instagram profiles. In a separate post, featuring photos of the star in Santa Cruz de Tenerife, she said: "I’ve been living in Tenerife since early February and have been having such a blast filming A Town Called Malice for Sky! "I will be here until the end of June and this is me living my best life as a tourist! "All photos taken by my beautiful boo @mythoughtsaloud xxxxxx" DON'T MISS... The Last Kingdom’s Sigtrygger lied about key skill to land role [INSIGHT] What was Alexander Dreymon's toughest scene in The Last Kingdom? [INTERVIEW] The Last Kingdom's Eliza Butterworth on co-star Alexander Dreymon [DISCUSSION] The My Thoughts Allowed social media account has more than 9,000 followers and features inspirational quotes and positive affirmations. The pair have been spending time together while Eliza films for the upcoming Sky series. She will play Carly Lord in the show, which is set in 1980s Costa del Sol and follows a family of petty thieves. The family moves from London to Spain to jump on a new business opportunity. Eliza is expected to leave the sun-soaked island soon, once filming for the show has wrapped. The star was born in Lincoln, England, with her parents having met in Nebraska. Her Italian American mother is from Iowa, and Eliza has dual citizenship. Besides her role in The Last Kingdom, she has previously starred in The Windsors: Endgame, The North Water and DCI Banks.  The Last Kingdom seasons 1-5 are on Netflix now.