While most bed sheets can go into a regular washing machine, it’s worth taking a little time to get to know the best wash program and heat setting for each material. After all, if you've invested in the best bed sheets, you’ll want them to remain that way. Cotton bed sheets are easy to wash, as are linen, but the latter is prone to shrinking in a hot tumble dryer. Silk and satin bedding are a touch more temperamental and require low wash temperatures, slower spin cycles and specialist detergent. James Higgins, CEO of Ethical bedding, recommends washing sheets weekly to help keep them, and you, in peak condition. He said: “Keeping your sleeping environment clean is also important for your health.” Whatever bed sheets you prefer to sleep under, here are some tips on how to wash bed sheets to keep them clean and fresh, in just five easy steps. Knowing how to wash bed sheets correctly should keep them looking as good as new, and will also preserve how they feel to sleep under. You can wash most bed sheets in your washing machine and, unless you send all your laundry out to a cleaning service, it is recommended that you never buy sheets that are dry clean only. Check the care label on your sheets and make a mental note of any specific instructions, before you pop them in the drum. Don’t overload the washing machine, if you can’t get your hand in the drum alongside the sheets, then it is too full, and they won’t wash properly. READ MORE: Cleaning: ‘The best homemade window cleaner’ for ‘streak-free finish’ If possible, wash your bed sheets together, without any other clothing that might leach colour. Lily Cameron, cleaning supervisor at Fantastic Services said: “Especially avoid mixing sheets with clothing that has zippers as they can be harmful to the more delicate sheets.” It’s always worth checking bed sheets for stubborn stains as they’re best tackled pre-wash. Andrew Bramley, owner of pro cleaning business Pure Freedom recommends mixing baking soda and water into a thick paste and applying it to the dampened stained area. He said: “Let it dry out until it's flaky. Brush off the dried paste and run the sheet through a regular wash cycle.” Adding the right amount of detergent to the wash is essential and should be dependent on the size of the load. Always follow the guidance on the packaging with regards to recommended amounts, and where to place the detergent – in the drum or detergent dispenser drawer. DON'T MISS: Lawn tips: How to to ‘thicken’ lawns and ‘crowd out weeds’ [EXPERT]Gardening tips: ‘Best time of day’ to water your garden plants [INSIGHT]‘Really straightforward way’ to deadhead petunias to flower longer [TIPS] Too much detergent can lead to excess water use and sludge build-up in your washer’s inner pipes, which can lead to damage - less is more. The type of laundry detergent you buy will usually come down to budget and personal preferences. Laundry detergent is either biological, which means it contains enzymes, or non-biological, which doesn’t. Enzymes break down dirt and help remove stains, but they can cause skin irritation for those with eczema and sensitive skin. Non-bio detergents are the best choice for babies or those with allergies and are generally capable of cleaning normal amounts of dirt. James suggested how homeowners can tackle “grubby looking or discoloured sheets” using a household staple. He said: “For slightly grubby looking or discoloured sheets, a nifty trick is to add around 50ml of lemon juice to the wash cycle. “You’ll find sheets look brighter and fresher when they come out of the wash.” Do skip the fabric softener as it can reduce the absorbency of natural fibres and weaken the fabric, and always use silk-friendly detergent on silk sheets. It’s important to check the recommended temperature on your bed sheet’s care label as some fabrics will shrink in a hot wash. Nick Drewe, WeThrift’s homes expert recommended: “Always wash bed sheets with the hottest water temperature setting listed on the care label. “Polyester blends are best washed using warm water, while cotton can tolerate hot water. “Hotter water kills most germs and also takes care of dust mites that thrive in bedding.” Silk bedding should either be hand washed or put on a woollen or delicate cycle in the machine – no hotter than 30 degrees. After washing, bed sheets need to be dried thoroughly. Sheets dried outside on a clothesline are hard to beat for freshness, especially on a warm summer’s day. Vicky Whiter, managing director of Peters’ cleaners said: “Sheets on the line ideally should be in the sun and breeze, but remember if your sheets are coloured, turn them inside out to reduce the risk of the colours fading in the sunlight.” Machine drying sheets usually produce softer results and the opportunity to add scented sheets. Emily Attwood, founder of Scooms suggested: “Opt for a low heat setting, regardless of the fabric, and consider adding dryer balls. “They will help dry your bedding more quickly and efficiently by creating air gaps to allow more air to circulate around your laundry. “Dryer balls also agitate the fibres in your bed sheets, making them feel softer and cosier.”