Homeowners have trusted a technique of pouring salt down drains for years because it is seemingly impossible to get wrong. However, experts have revealed that this drain cleaning tip is not worth your time – and may be causing bigger problems over time. The salt trick is not an efficient way of removing the foul odour – especially over a long period. But if Britons do leave salt for some time, then experts have warned that an unpleasant smell may be the least of your problems. Andrew Miles, a plumbing expert who has over three decades of experience said: “I don't recommend that people pour salt down their drains and think that it will remove the smells. “In fact, that may do some damage over time if you forget and leave it there for days.” Jake Romano, the Manager at John The Plumber agreed with Andrew as he explained that the salt doesn’t get rid of the issue. He explained that this age-old drain cleaning idea won't do anything to solve the problem over a long period of time as the smell comes from matter accumulating in the drain. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to unblock drains using white vinegar and baking soda Therefore, the salt is simply concealing the smell – and not getting rid of the matter. According to Jake, the best solution is to physically clean the drain – because while this process is long – it is the best way (and safest) way to ensure bad smells are eliminated for good. He said: “Most plumbers don't recommend chemical drain cleaning for several reasons, but a very practical reason is they can turn a bit of gunk into an actual drain blockage. “If there's some gunk caked on the inner pipe stretched along a pipe, chemical drain cleaners (including home remedies) may loosen the accumulation. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to get rid of slugs in homes using salt - ‘cheapest way’ [COMMENT]Lawn task you should ‘never’ do - ‘complete waste of time, energy a... [EXPERT]Gardening hacks: ‘Cost-effective’ method to grow healthier plants [TIPS] “Some of this sludge may begin to move while other sections don’t.” Therefore, as some of the matter moves towards the gunk at the bottom, homeowners may be left with a blocked drain. To clean the drain by hand, Start by removing the cover of your plughole to reveal the wider opening of the drain. Shine a flashlight down the drain to identify solid objects which could be causing the blockage. Wearing a pair of gloves, reach into the drain using a flat-head screwdriver to pry off any stubborn debris. Alternatively, the plumber suggests picking up some drain enzyme sticks online. Jake said: “They're scented, they smell pretty, and they can help prevent gunk from accumulating in the drains.” However, it is essential to remember that some enzymes may interfere with certain types of pipes. Therefore, check the product's compatibility with your sink before using them. Britons may have heard about using orange peel to deter pests in the garden, but its natural power isn't limited to the great outdoors. Andrew explained that you can use citrus fruit peels to help deodorise. Although, while this solution will not unblock drains, it will take care of the odour naturally.