Medics are still scratching their heads to find out what exactly has lead to the surge in hepatitis cases in the UK. The UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) reported 163 youngsters have now contracted the virus. Of those 163 children, 11 have needed a liver transplant because of the infection. During the ongoing investigation into the steep rise in cases, the illness seems to be more prevalent in households where dogs reside. In 92 cases investigated across the UK thus far, 64 positives were in children who had been exposed to canines, data from the UKHSA indicated. The children were either from a dog owning family or they were exposed to dogs elsewhere. While medical professionals are exploring the association further, it is known that are there is a high level of dog ownership in the UK. Due to this, the finding could be completely unrelated, meaning dogs can not be attributed to the sudden outbreak of hepatitis in children. READ MORE: Dr Michael Mosley shares root vegetable can lower high blood pressure - ‘quite meaningful’ It must be noted that the prevalence of paracetamol use is considered consistent with guidance on management of acute illness in children, the experts said. The UKHSA added that "the investigation continues to suggest an association with adenovirus". Adenovirus has been the most frequently detected virus in samples tested. However, it's not common to see hepatitis following an adenovirus infection in previously well children.   As such, investigations are ongoing into possible contributing factors, such as Covid or a change in the adenovirus genome. "These possibilities are being tested rapidly. The association with adenovirus is undergoing a formal epidemiological study," the UKHSA added. Dr Meera Chand, Director of Clinical and Emerging Infections at UKHSA, competed on the rise of hepatitis cases in the UK. "We continue to remind everyone to be alert to the signs of hepatitis – particularly jaundice, look for a yellow tinge in the whites of the eyes."  Hepatitis in children The NHS stated that hepatitis is a medical term to describe inflammation of the liver. Symptoms of hepatitis might include: If your child is developing a yellow tinge in the whites of the eyes, do call NHS 111 or visit A&E. For any other symptoms you might be concerned about, you can also call NHS 111 or book a doctor's appointment. 