Tottenham boss Antonio Conte's desire to strengthen at right-back this summer could see him enter the race to sign Middlesbrough star Djed Spence - although five other clubs are reportedly in the race to secure his signature from under the Lilywhites' noses. Spence, who was loaned out from Middlesbrough to Nottingham Forest at the start of the season, excelled at the City Ground under Steve Cooper as the Reds won promotion to the top-flight. Forging a superb relationship down the right-hand side with prodigy Brennan Johnson, the London-born star was a key reason for Forest's unlikely promotion on Sunday. But with the club's players going up, he is still under contract in the north east at Championship side Middlesbrough, who are likely to cash in on his efforts this season. And with Tottenham being linked, a deal could well be done despite competition from elsewhere, according to Football.London. His performances have caught the eye across the continent, with Tottenham and Forest being the main two candidates for his signature. However, the report states that Borussia Dortmund, Roma, Newcastle and Brentford are all interested in securing his signature from Chris Wilder's men over the coming months. A move to the Italian capital would see him link up with Jose Mourinho, with the Portugal hero able to offer him Europa League football. But a move back to London under Conte or a switch to Dortmund - who have been renowned for developing young talent in the past - would surely be most appealing given their Champions League status. That being said, Spence claimed he would love to move back to the City Ground if a deal could be struck between the two sides. "[This club] means everything to me," Spence told NottinghamshireLive. "I've come here and the fans and gaffer have both taken me in. "We lose together and win together. We're going up together. This means everything to me. I would love to stay, but it's not in my hands. We'll see what the future holds." The 21-year-old recently aimed a dig at Neil Warnock, who was the man who loaned him to Nottingham Forest whilst he was Middlesbrough manager. It is thought that a fee of around £15million as a minimum would only be enough to prise him away from the Riverside. But with Premier League money being earned in the East Midlands, that could be a real possibility.