On Wednesday, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge attended the third and final garden party traditionally hosted by the Queen during the summer. Kate, 40, and Prince William, 39, were joined by Princess Beatrice, Prince Edward, and Sophie, Countess of Wessex at the event on the grounds of Buckingham Palace. The couple braved rain showers to lead the event in the run-up to the Queen's Platinum Jubilee weekend. Kate recycled a pale blue dress crafted by her private dressmaker as she welcomed guests under a matching umbrella. She debuted the chic outfit at Prince Charles’ 50th anniversary of his investiture in 2019. Royal fans were full of praise for the Duke and Duchess, who stepped up to take on the Queen’s role of welcoming guests to the Palace. One royal fan account, @loveforcambridg, lauded Kate and William’s performance on “another beautiful afternoon”. It posted: “Their Royal Highnesses did a great job and made HM The Queen proud for sure.” The account then commented in a separate post: “The Monarchy’s future looks good, doesn’t it? “It’s pretty clear the working royals can handle their duties in the name of the Crown and their country (as always!).” READ MORE: Meghan slammed by sister for 'negligence' after dad's stroke Fellow Royal Family fan account, @annb3555, added that the royal couple “always make us proud”. Another account, @CambridgeLiana, pinpointed Kate during the event, calling the Duchess “regal and beautiful”. Another account, @theroyalhobby, commented: “Loved seeing the royals and the guests despite the weather.” The Duke and Duchess took the helm at Wednesday’s event after the Queen made an appearance in central London earlier in the week for the Chelsea Flower Show. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan braced for ex-husband to expose story [LIVE] Royal POLL: Should Meghan Markle visit her father in hospital? [VOTE] Prince William & Kate may not accept some souvenirs gifted abroad [INSIGHT] Her Majesty, 96, toured the event hosted by the Royal Horticultural Society in a buggy. A Palace statement said the "adjustments" had been made "for the Queen's comfort", the monarch as the monarch used the buggy for the first time in almost a decade. Joe Little, of Majesty Magazine, called the use of a buggy an "extremely practical arrangement that will allow the Queen to take part in as many engagements as she is able to do". Her Majesty also made a surprise visit to open Transport for London's new Elizabeth Line, which welcomed travellers on Tuesday morning. The Queen was even given her own Oyster card, used by the public to access TfL services. However, final decisions on the Queen's appearances over the Jubilee weekend will be made on the day, Buckingham Palace said. A Palace spokesperson said: “The Queen is looking forward to the weekend and will be taking part in the celebrations but her presence will not be confirmed until much nearer the time or even on the day itself."