This week Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and Prince William visited Scotland for engagements centred on mental health and early years development. As part of their visit, Kate and William stopped off at St John's Primary School in Port Glasgow to learn about an innovative project where children interact with a mother and baby to learn about its development and aid their emotional empathy with others. The Duchess is famed for her love of babies and children, and Kate looked delighted as she cooed over 10-month-old baby Saul on Wednesday. While Kate and William are known to adore their three children Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, the pair have often jested about Kate getting "broody" for another baby whenever she meets babies. But the couple has not publicly expressed their wish to have a fourth child, and William is often quick to dispel the idea in good humour when out on engagements. When the Duke and Duchess visited the school in Scotland this week, William joked: "Can you get my wife out of here before she gets broody?" READ MORE: Queen 'deploys ring of steel' to stop Harry and Meghan documentary bid  Kate later chatted to the mother and her baby, and she briefly held Saul before the little one reached back out for his mum. William also joked upon a visit to the Church on the Street in Burnley earlier this year that people should "not give her any ideas" when Kate encountered a baby girl. The Duke added with a smile: "You can't take her with you." Upon a visit to Ballymena in 2019, Kate also looked delighted to encounter a baby boy whose dad asked if she wanted a fourth baby.  In reply, Kate laughed and said: "I think William might be slightly worried." Kate's love of babies extends to her royal work, with the Duchess opening The Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood in 2021. On a working visit to Denmark last year, Kate joked that William "always worries" whenever she meets babies on engagements. She told parents: "William always worries about me meeting under one-year-olds. I come home saying, 'let's have another one'."  DON'T MISS:Kate Middleton aces crossword to delight of baffled student [INSIGHT]Prince William in stitches as he is presented with adorable gift  [ANALYSIS]Royal Family LIVE: Kate's security is 'constant worry' [LIVE] Over the years, Kate and William have both made clear their children are their priority despite their busy royal schedules. The Cambridge family spends much of their time at their home of Anmer Hall in Norfolk and Kensington Palace in London, and Kate has previously spoken of how dedicated she is to being a hands-on mum. Kate welcomed her first child Prince George in 2013 at St Mary's Hospital in London, the same hospital Princess Diana welcomed Prince William and Prince Harry. The couple later welcomed their only daughter Princess Charlotte in 2015, and in 2018, their third child Prince Louis was born. 