Breakfast is dubbed the most important meal of the day, and it seems some members of the Royal Family take their first daily meal very seriously. From classics like eggs and porridge to some more divisive choices, here is what the royals are thought to eat for breakfast. As a member of the British Royal Family, it is particularly fitting that Charles is thought to love a cup of tea like swathes of his future subjects. Charles is said to love a cup of Darjeeling tea with milk and honey instead of sugar. And when it comes to his brekkie, Prince Charles' 'breakfast box' is thought to include key items like muesli and some special additions. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan warned docuseries must include their children  As per MyLondon, chef Graham Newbould said: "Prince Charles has a healthier option. He'd have homemade bread, a bowl of fresh fruit, and fresh fruit juices. "Wherever the Prince goes in the world, the breakfast box goes with him. He has six different types of honey, some special mueslis, his dried fruit and anything that's a bit special that he is a bit fussy about." Charles is thought to love eggs, with some reports indicating he has a soft-boiled one for breakfast every day. The future King has also been rumoured to skip lunch completely to help him fit in as many engagements as he can during the working day.  As the children of a future King, you might expect Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge's three children to have very fancy meals to start their day. But when Kate visited LEYF (London Early Years Foundation) Stockwell Gardens Nursery and Pre-School a few years ago, she revealed her royal children were fans of a very simple breakfast. School manager Michelle Samuels told TODAY: "She mentioned to three of the children that her own children enjoy apples and cereal in the morning, which sparked a conversation with the children about their own preference of fruits." DON'T MISS:Bear Grylls' hopes for 'big' project with Meghan Markle & Prince Harry [INSIGHT]William and Charles anticipating controversial Harry and Meghan return [ANALYSIS]Prince Andrew spotted horseback in the English countryside [PICTURES]  Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's son is a huge fan of waffles in the morning, Prince Harry previously revealed to The Late Late Show. Harry told host James Corden: "My grandmother asked us what Archie wanted for Christmas and Meg said a waffle maker, she sent us a waffle maker for Archie... so breakfast now, Meg makes up a beautiful organic mix, in the waffle maker, flip it, out it comes, he loves it. "Archie literally wakes up in the morning and says 'waffle'."  Kate, Duchess of Cambridge doesn't publicly comment on what she eats, but with three children and a busy royal schedule, porridge is thought to be a firm favourite. Reports have also indicated Kate favours a healthy smoothie, combining kale, spirulina, matcha (green tea leaves), spinach, romaine, coriander leaves and blueberries. Kippers are thought to have been a firm favourite with the Queen for decades, although their strong odour might not appeal to some. Former royal chef Darren McGrady also previously told the Telegraph the Queen is a fan of cereal band Special K with fruit. Scrambled eggs and smoked salmon also top the Queen's list of beloved brekkies, with a special truffle topping making an appearance around Christmas time. 