Prince Charles married his first wife, Diana, the Princess of Wales in 1981. The couple suffered a deeply unhappy marriage for a number of years and filed for divorce in 1996. Caller Derek from Devon told Channel 5's Jeremy Vine has said that the older generation "will never forgive" Charles over his treatment of Princess Diana. Derek said: "It makes me cringe at times when I hear some of your panels which are anti-monarchy. "Now, unfortunately, Charles will never ever been forgiven by the older generation for what he did to Diana. He added: "When you look at Kate and Wills [Prince William], they appeal to the younger generation. "The younger generation are not in favour of the monarchy, but I think this couple [William and Kate] can do a lot of good for this country". READ MORE: Prince Harry struggled with 'damaging' label since childhood 'Diana tried to shield him' Prince Charles and the late Princess Diana's marriage fell apart very publicly. After just five years of marriage, the breakdown of the marriage begins. The next few years see the pair plagued with rumours of marital problems. Charles and Camilla’s affair “picked back up” in 1986. READ MORE: Meghan Markle should bid for US president: Biden's sister backs Duchess to lead USA In 1992, Charles and Diana’s separation was announced by Prime Minister John Major. A statement read out by the then Prime Minister read: “This decision has been reached amicably and they will both continue to participate fully in the upbringing of their children”. Despite their separation, the pair carried on with royal duties. In 1995, during an interview with BBC One's Panorama, Diana spoke about Camilla's relationship with Charles. Diana stated, “There were three of us in this marriage, so it was a bit crowded". DON'T MISS Meghan 'loathed' England but may 'come back for biggest role' - claim [ANALYSIS]Queen in 'lose-lose situation' as Harry and Meghan to steal spotlight [INSIGHT]Meghan 'stole the soundbite' off Kate in rare Fab 4 outing [VIDEO] Also in 1995, speaking in a BBC interview, Diana tells of her “deep, deep, profound sadness” at the decision to end the marriage. Just one year after the divorce was finalised, the world was devastated to hear of the death of Diana, Princess of Wales. Her post-royal life was cut short after she was killed in a fatal car crash in Paris on August 31, 1997.