Ukrainian oligarch Dmitry Firtash sat down with journalist Nic Robertson to discuss how he had been supporting Ukraine. Mr Firtash discussed how he had provided vehicles to help deliver humanitarian aid all over Ukraine. Despite facing racketeering and conspiracy charges involving bribes, Mr Firtash remained hopeful that he would not be extradited in a few week's time to stand trial in America. The charges the Ukrainian oligarch faces have been investigated for the past 8-years. Mr Firtash told CNN: "Our plants that used to produce gas equipment before, today have been transformed to produce anti-tank barriers." Mr Robertson added: "He says his gas line repairment was some of the first back in Bucha, the scene of so many alleged war crimes." Mr Firtash added: "We provided our vehicles straight away and all logistical means to deliver humanitarian aid all over Ukraine." Mr Robertson said: "Are you hoping the Government move weapons around the country?" JUST IN: 'Struggling to care' Prince Harry's rumoured Jubilee absence has fans 'losing patience' Mr Firtash said: "We transport whatever they give us." Mr Robertson added: "But Putin's war isn't Firtash's only fight right now, he's facing extradition to the US on international racketeering and conspiracy charges. "Involving bribery, an eight-year battle that could be decided soon." Despite Mr Firtash's active mission to fight Russia, he could be up for extradition to the US in just a number of weeks.  READ MORE: UK hot weather: 26C heatwave in DAYS as experts forecast 'proper summer' for 2022 Prime Minister Boris Johnson pledged more money to Ukraine this week to help their war effort against Russia. Mr Johnson gave £300m and top of the range weapons and has been praised by Ukrainian MPs including President Volodymyr Zelensky. Mr Johnson said: "In the coming weeks, we in the UK will send you Brimstone anti-ship missiles and Stormer anti-aircraft systems. "We are providing armoured vehicles to evacuate civilians from areas under attack and protect officials - what Volodymyr (Zelensky) mentioned to me in our most recent call - while they maintain critical infrastructure. "I can announce today from the UK Government a new package of support totalling £300 million, including radars to pinpoint the artillery bombarding your cities, heavy lift drones to supply your forces and thousands of night vision devices. Ex-President of the US, Donald Trump has slammed President Joe Biden for not taking a firmer stance on Russia, as Putin has been continuing to threaten the West with nuclear weapons. Mr Biden has also been criticised by some political commentators for not offering more weapons and support to Ukraine as the UK has done. Mr Trump discussed the threats from Russia on Talk TV: “Instead of kowtowing, instead of Biden saying, 'oh, he’s got nuclear weapons...' We’ve got better weapons; we have the greatest submarine power in history.” “Putin uses the ‘n’ word. I call it the n-word. He uses the n-word – the nuclear word all the time. "That’s why he’s doing the kind of things he’s doing.” Mr Trump added: “I would say we have far more than you do, we are far more powerful than you and you can’t use that word ever again. "You cannot use the nuclear word ever again. And if you do, we’re going to have problems.”  