Queen Rania Al Abdullah, the wife of King Abdullah II, was left devastated after her father, Dr Faisal Sidqi Al Yassin, passed away, with no cause of death given. Writing on social media, the Queen said: “Thank you for your condolences on the passing of my dear father. There is no remedy for this kind of grief, but as my family and I mourn his loss, we have found such comfort in the kind words and prayers you have sent.  “Rest In Peace, father. You will be in our hearts forever.” Alongside her post, Her Majesty included a picture of her beloved father with a prayer in Arabic and a message in English that says, “My dear father, may you Rest In Peace.” People from across the world have been offering their condolences to the Queen. Her eldest child, Crown Prince Hussein, posted on Instagram, saying his grandfather was “a kind, loving, and magnanimous grandfather.”  READ MORE: Police officer taken to hospital after car and bus crash He also shared a photo from when he was a baby with both his maternal and paternal grandfathers and Queen Rania. The Royal Hashemite Court entered into seven days of mourning on the orders of King Abdullah that same day. Princess Haya, King Abdullah’s sister, wrote a heartfelt on Instagram on behalf of herself and her two children: “Jalila, Zayed and I wish to express our sincere, most heartfelt condolences to Her Majesty Queen Rania Al Abdullah and her mother, sister and brother, as well as to my brother, His Majesty King Abdullah II Ibn Al Hussein, my nephews and nieces, HRH Crown Prince Al Hussein and TRH Princess Iman, Princess Salma and Prince Hashim, on the passing of Dr Faisal Al-Yasin, a wonderful man known for his knowledge and compassion.  DON'T MISS:Macron facing revolt as officials turn over Champions League policing [INSIGHT]Putin devastated: Entire battalion of paratroopers annihilated [ANALYSIS]Putin sends troops on 'suicide mission' [PICTURES] “Sending our prayers for Your Majesty to have patience and solace after you lost two fathers, His Majesty the Late King Hussein Bin Talal and Dr Feisal Yassin. “May God bless the late Dr Faisal’s soul with mercy and in peace and grant you and His Majesty King Abdullah II Ibn Al Hussein and your family solace.” Faisal Sidqi Al Yassin was born in the West Bank in 1934 and later married Ilham Yassin, having three children, including Queen Rania. The family eventually moved to Kuwait in 1961, and he retired in Jordan. 