Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has refused to give Erling Haaland any advice ahead of his expected move to Manchester City. Haaland is set to leave Borussia Dortmund to join City this summer and the deal could be officially announced in the next few days. City will activate the release clause of around £64million in the 21-year-old's contract. Haaland will immediately become one of the best-paid players in the Premier League. However, former Dortmund manager Tuchel has refused to give his opinion on the deal. Tuchel was asked at his press conference on Tuesday if he would give the Norwegian striker any advice ahead of the move. But he said he would only want to advise players who are joining Chelsea. Tuchel replied: "No advice. READ MORE: Man Utd board 'tell Erik ten Hag to scour free agent market' as budget emerges  "No advice. It's not sure yet and if he does not play for us I will not give any advice." Meanwhile, City boss Pep Guardiola all but confirmed the signing of Haaland at his own press conference. The Spaniard said he has been told by both clubs involved not to speak about it. "Everybody knows the situation," Guardiola admitted. "But I should not talk because I do not like to talk about the future. DON'T MISSDarwin Nunez sends Liverpool fans wild with social media activity - 'In the bag' [SOCIAL]Man City can sign three players after Haaland 'done deal' to land Liverpool blow [TRANSFERS]Key figure in Chelsea takeover withdraws from Todd Boehly team due to Tottenham [NEWS]  "Dortmund and City told me I'm not allowed to say anything until the deal is completely done. I'd love to talk, they tell me don't say anything until the legal actions [are done]. We'll have time to talk, not because I don't want." Haaland has scored 28 goals in just 29 appearances for Dortmund this season, backing up the 41 he netted in his first full season at the club. Chelsea were linked with his signature before they signed Romelu Lukaku last summer. Real Madrid were also keen on landing Haaland at the end of this season. But it appears City have won the race to add the former Red Bull Salzburg sensation to their squad.  He is set to sign a five-year contract, earning around £350,000 a week. Guardiola was asked what effect adding a striker to his squad would have. He replied: "We have a number nine, we have new players in the squad, some from the academy who come up next season. New players always help me try to be stronger, not a good defender will solve out defensive problems and not a good striker will solve scoring problems. "Since day one is like this apart from one period at the beginning of the season, we score lots and concede few. The club always has to have a vision for the future. The decision the club takes I'm always aware and 100 per cent supportive."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here