Former West Ham player Kurt Zouma was charged with three offences under the Animal Welfare Act after a video emerged in February of him kicking his cat. On Tuesday, May 24, he pleaded guilty to two counts of causing unnecessary suffering to a protected animal. His brother Toan was also charged and pleaded guilty to aiding and abetting his brother to commit an offence. Piers Morgan expressed his thoughts on the events during his TalkTV programme Uncensored and described the punishments as "Pathetically ineffective". Beginning the programme with his "brain dump" segment, where he expressed his views on the day's outcome. Piers slammed: "Well, there have been a few more sickening videos this year than the one showing premier league football star Kurt Zouma kicking and slapping his pet cat around the kitchen as he sneered 'I swear I'll kill it. "We were able to see that video because his brother filmed the whole thing and said he thought it was really funny, posting it on Snapchat with laughing emojis. "Well, today justice had the last laugh on the snivelling little cowards as Zouma pleaded guilty to causing suffering to a protected animal. READ MORE: Madeley confronts Sadiq Khan with furious viewers over partygate "His equally vile brother admitted aiding and abetting him. Zouma was fined just £250,000 by his club West Ham United. "Which given he earns £6million a year is a pathetically ineffective slap on the wrist and gone barely unnoticed. "If Zouma had done this to a woman, he would never play professional football again, why should he get away with doing it to a defenceless cat?" During their day in court, Prosecutor Hazel Stevens said he could be heard saying: "I swear I'll kill it, I swear I'll kill it." Ms Stevens said the clip appeared to be carried out after the cats were deemed "responsible for damaging a chair". She told the court: "Kurt Zouma is determined to chastise or carry out some sort of retribution for the damage caused." The young woman who first saw the footage was so appalled that she cancelled a date with Yoan, saying: "I don't think hitting a cat like that is OK. "I do not want to associate with people who find that funny, in front of a child as well, you should be careful of that stuff, especially with your family being who they are." DON'T MISS...'Sulky brat' Piers Morgan reignites feud with tennis star Naomi Osaka [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan savages Boris Johnson as he warns 'resign' [LATEST]Piers Morgan erupts erupts at Boris pics 'Downing Street frat house!'  [WATCH] The two cats who were subjected to his harm have been pictured happy and healthy as the RSPCA are looking to rehome them. A video released by the RSPCA shows Bonbon and Cherie cheerfully playing and roaming around their temporary home with staff members. After the incident and the seizing of the cats, an independent vet assessed their physical state and said there were "No remaining signs of injuries to the cats when he examined them. "In my opinion, the force of the kicking into the abdomen of a cat and the slapping of the cat to the head, both of which were with force, as seen in the video recording, would have without any doubt in my mind have caused soft tissue trauma, pain and discomfort to the cat (or cats) on the day but any evidence of that soft tissue trauma would be very unlikely to have been found three days later. "I have no doubt that Kurt Zouma knew or would be expected to know that kicking a cat into its abdomen would cause or was likely to cause pain, discomfort and distress or worse injuries. "It is my opinion that there can be no justified reason to treat a cat or cats in this manner." After the incident, Zouma was fined £250,000 by his club and lost "substantial" sponsorship deals with Adidas. Piers Morgan: Uncensored airs weekdays from 8pm on ITV.