Katie Price, 43, has expressed upset after her late friend Sarah Harding was mentioned at the Wagatha Christie High Court libel case this week. The case involves Rebekah Vardy, 40, and Girls Aloud star Sarah. The latter died in September last year from breast cancer at the age of 39. The Wagatha Christie case involves Rebekah suing Coleen Rooney for libel after she claimed that Rebekah was leaking pictures from her private Instagram to The Sun. Rebekah denies leaking the pictures. On a separate occasion, Rebekah and Sarah Harding also both got involved in a spat at the 2018 National Television Awards after Sarah caught Rebekah taking pictures of her handbags contents. READ MORE: Nicole Kidman, 54, looks almost unrecognisable in make-up free photo  Sarah was mentioned in Coleen's witness statement during the High Court case this week. Katie took to Instagram this weekend to show her disappointment that Sarah's name had been dragged into the trial. She shared a picture of a newspaper cutting and wrote: “How dare anyone bring up Sarah.” Former model Katie, 43, was friends with Sarah for a long time. The late star was also a bridesmaid at Katie's 2005 wedding to Peter Andre. In her written statement, Coleen said she was “aware” that Rebekah had “provided various pieces of 'behind the scenes' footage for The Sun”. Coleen claimed: “She also got in a spat with former Girls Aloud group member Sarah Harding during the 2018 event. “Sarah apparently caught Becky taking photographs of the contents of Sarah's handbag when Sarah had dropped it on the floor. DON'T MISS... Janette Manrara's injury fear addressed after hospital dash[LATEST]Lily James puts on jaw-dropping display in see-through Met Gala gown[PICTURES]Vanessa Hudgens risks wardrobe malfunction at Met Gala 2022[RED CARPET] “Their dispute subsequently appeared in The Sun.” Rebekah is reportedly “came to blows” with Sarah after the 2018 NTAs had been broadcast on ITV. According to an article published in The Mirror at the time, Sarah accused Rebekah of taking “sneaky pictures” of her. It consequently sparked a “heated” row between the pair that caused a “huge scene”. Sarah died on September 5 last year after being diagnosed with advanced breast cancer.