Actor and musician Dennis Waterman who passed away at the weekend aged 74 was well-known for being one of the most-streetwise hardmen on TV. But he was also seen behind the wheel of some of the most iconic cars the country has ever produced. His roles in The Sweeney, Minder and New Tricks were all accompanied by magnificent motors. Those included a Triumph Stag, a Jaguar S-Type and the Ford Capri from Minder which almost met a tragic end. Some of his most famous cars are below, including that two-litre Capri that passed into folklore. He’ll certainly always be remembered leaning against a car, looking menacing. READ MORE: Drivers furious over sunglasses rule that can land £5,000 fine New TricksThe show which ran on the BBC between 2003 and 2014 was a smash hit, with Waterman playing former Detective Sergeant Gerry Standing. In the show he drove a beautiful convertible 1977 Triumph Stag, which when it went up for auction back in 2015 had less than 20,000 miles on the clock with an estimate of just £10,000. In the series, Standing sells his Stag to help his daughter pay for a buggy for his newly born grandchild. DON'T MISSDriver solves mystery after receiving multiple unknown parking fines [MYSTERY]Elderly drivers 'put off by the cost' of electric cars despite car ban [INTERESTING]‘Legalised theft’ Driver 'baffled' after he received £100 parking fine [OUTRAGEOUS] The SweeneyThe hard-hitting 1970s drama was famed for its exciting car chases, allowing Waterman and co-star John Thaw to get behind the wheel of a number of powerful cars. The most famous was a 1974 Ford Consul 3000GT, however a number of original Jaguar S-Types were also seen in the series. Thaw himself drove a Ford Capri which usually had no trouble catching up to the hundreds of bad guys on the show. MinderWaterman’s most famous role as Terry McCann also came with his most famous car, the white 1977 Ford Capri 2 S.The car survived unscathed after filming ended in 1994 and 22 years later it was bought at auction by a private owner for £50,000. However it very nearly disappeared for good when just two years ago it caught fire by the side of the M25 motorway on the way back from an MOT. Luckily it was salvaged and restored to former glory by Classic Car Restorations of Canterbury, at a cost of around £12,000. Meanwhile Arthur Daley’s motor, the 1981 Daimler Sovereign, went at the same auction for around £32,000. The car was previously given away in the ‘90s as a prize in a TV Times competition, and actor George Cole tried to buy it unsuccessfully. Following his death, Waterman's family said: “We are deeply saddened to announce that our beloved Dennis passed away very peacefully at his home in Spain. “The family kindly ask that our privacy is respected at this very difficult time.”