Rachel Riley, 36, stepped in for Angellica Bell, 46, on Scala Radio as the mathematician took to Twitter and made an announcement today. The Countdown favourite urged listeners to tune in as she shared a candid video. Rachel began: "Hi... look at me, I'm in an actual radio station. "This weekend I'll be hosting my very own radio show on Scala Radio. Angelica Bell is off so I'm stepping into her chair." She panned the camera to her seat, as she continued: "There it is. It's not a very exciting chair but it is very exciting music. "If you're into classical music with a modern twist, or pop and rock songs reimagined, or even show tunes, then this is the show for you. READ MORE: Stacey Solomon shuts down stag do 'slip up' "I will be here for weekend brunch. Today, Saturday, tomorrow, Sunday, 10am until 1pm." In view of her 696,000 followers, she captioned the post: "I’m on the radio!! "@ScalaRadio today and tomorrow 10am - 1pm and the tunes are *gorgeous*. "It’s worth turning in for an instrumental version of Bowie’s Life on Mars all on its own - come join us!" She later retweeted a post from the official Scala Radio account, which read: "@RachelRileyRR is sitting in for @angellicabell this weekend from 10am with the perfect soundtrack to kick start your weekend, including a new #DonneTriplePlay!"   The mum-of-two shared a selfie, as she captioned the post: "Be there!" Social media users flocked to congratulate, the Countdown star as they applauded the mathematician on her temporary new gig. Kyle wrote: "Amazing. I'll be tuning in." Sam remarked: "I hope you really enjoy it." DON'T MISS... Meghan Markle's Netflix series Pearl might have been 'ratings winner'[LATEST]Anne Robinson hints at move to TalkTV after quitting Countdown[EXCLUSIVE]Eamonn Holmes set to undergo surgery as host unable to walk his dog[HEALTH] "So you are! Well done," Bill said, while Twitter user, Rachel added: "Enjoy!" The mathematician is a firm favourite on Channel 4's daytime show Countdown. Her colleague and host Anne Robinson recently announced she has stepped down from the programme. The former Weakest Link presenter joined the daytime staple in 2021, becoming its sixth presenter and the first woman to take the role. She said she had a "blast" hosting the show but it was now time for "an older woman to take the reins". Anne, who recorded 265 episodes, will appear in shows until the summer, Channel 4 said. She had joined Rachel and lexicographer, Susie Dent, on the longstanding quiz programme. Scala Radio is available to listen to here.