Katie Price attended a hearing at Lewes Crown Court on Wednesday, accompanied by fiance Carl Woods. During the proceedings, the on-screen star pleaded guilty to breaching a restraining order against her ex-husband Kieran Hayler’s fiancee Michelle Penticost. Katie previously denied the breach while attending a court hearing in April at Crawley Magistrates Court. The former I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! star was seen arriving at court today holding her partner Carl Woods. She was accused of sending ex-husband Kieran a message on January 21, in which she branded his new partner Michelle , a "c***ing wh**e" and a "gutter s**g". In 2019, Katie appeared in court after hurling abuse at Ms Penticost, and another woman, in a school playground in Shipley in September 2018. READ MORE: Joan Collins looks younger than 89 as she bares toned shoulders The mum-of-five was banned from contacting Michelle directly or indirectly on June 3, 2019, under the terms of a five-year restraining order. Katie previously pleaded not guilty to a single charge of breaching a restraining order on April 27 and requested a crown court trial. Today, the court heard Katie hurled a "tirade of abuse" at Kieran's fiancée, Michelle. Judge Stephen Mooney, who addressed Katie and her counsel following the guilty plea, warned her that she is "at risk of going to prison" after admitting to breaching a restraining order.  Speaking in court, he told her: "Clearly you have accepted responsibility for an offence." And continued: "That means you are at risk of going to prison." The judge said he will "need to know" the background before considering her sentence. She is due to return to court on June 24 for sentencing. Lewes Crown Court heard that Katie had been abusive towards Michelle in messages sent to her former husband. The ex-model and businesswoman shares two children with ex Kieran, who she was married to from 2013 until 2021. They met after being introduced by pals and then struck up conversations on Blackberry Messenger in November 2012. Two months later they married in the Bahamas on January 16, 2013, after Kieran proposed. 