Ben Shephard was on hand once more on ITV on Wednesday afternoon to see which Tipping Point contestant out of Rebecca, Les and Joe would have the chance to pocket a life-changing sum of cash from the famous machine. And from the get-go, it was Les who emerged as the frontrunner after finishing round one in pole position with £500 in his prize pot. After the first round finished, Rebecca was close behind Les with £450 while their fellow Tipping Point player Joe lagged behind with £200. However, everything was still up for grabs in round two, although Les widened the gap at the top with a monumental drop. Opting to tackle the machine first in the second round, one of Les’ drops resulted in a massive 18-counter drop from the machine. This meant Les had earned another £900 to add to his already impressive prize fund. READ MORE: GB News guest savages Prince Harry’s acting debut The staggering number of counters dropped almost bagged him a sought-after Tipping Point record, with 19 counters the most fallen in one drop, according to Entertainment Daily. “Oh! A very nice spread,” Ben commented as the 19 counters toppled off the edge of the shelf. “The double [counter] survived but that was a great drop, Les,” the GMB star added before a shellshocked Les simply added: “Wow! Wow!” And it wasn’t just Les and Ben who were impressed with the drop as ITV viewers at home shared their reactions. “F**k me Les. #tippingpoint,” Arthur Summersell said on Twitter while user @Samantha22356123 shared an applause gif with the caption: “Not bad Les!  #TippingPoint.” Les’ fine form continued throughout round two as neither Rebecca nor Joe could catch him. Sadly for Rebecca, Joe had managed to claw back ground on her and he finished the round on £1,200. As Rebecca only had £1,050 in her prize fund, she became Wednesday’s first Tipping Point casualty. DON'T MISS:Eurovision 2022 'fix' row as Netherlands 'rob' Latvia of final placeMP laughs out loud as Madeley says Lisa Nandy should be next leaderLorraine Kelly addresses 'heartbreaking' conversation with daughter This left Les and Joe as the two to fight it out for a spot in the grand finale and a chance to pocket the elusive £10,000 jackpot. Once again, Les nailed his gameplay with a series of correct answers and well-timed passes. So much so, that Joe actually failed to add anything to his £1,200 during round three. Les, on the other hand, sailed into the final with £2,200 already racked up in his prize pot. Detailing what he planned to do with any winnings, Les told Ben he and his wife had agreed to buy new windows for the house. However, he cheekily added that if she “wasn’t watching”, any money would go towards a new camera and a holiday. By the end of the round, the jackpot counter was merely a nudge away from ending up in the win zone as Les ran out of counters and had accumulated £3,250. He turned the chance to risk his money for three more counters, which proved to be the right choice. Tipping Point airs weekdays at 4pm on ITV.