Teenage Spanish sensation Carlos Alcaraz starts the French Open as the second favourite - and a top target for mind games by the other contenders. The world No.6 has won four titles this year, including his last three Masters events in Miami, Barcelona and Madrid. The 19-year-old beat Rafa Nadal, Novak Djokovic and world No.3 Alex Zverev in successive stunning matches to claim the title in the Spanish capital and show he is the sensation of the sport. It is not exceptional for a Spaniarad to lead the  ATP Tour in clay-court match-win percentage for the 52 weeks leading up to Roland Garros with Nadal dominating on the surface since his first win here as a 19-year-old in 2005. Alcaraz has a 23-3 record on clay over the last year and has won more titles (four) than matches he has lost - and is 16-1 on the red dirt this year. When he won on the hardcourts of Miami last month, he knocked Real Madrid off the front page of sports daily AS with the headline: “The Alcaraz Era has begun”. There has not been the same excitement about a young male player at Roland Garros since Nadal’s debut in 2005. And many comparisons have been made between the Mallorcan and the boy from El Palmar near Murcia.  But Justine Henin told Belgian newspaper Le Soir: "The comparison with Nadal, for me, does not hold water. To me, there seems to be a good mix of the big three. In terms of play, Carlos Alcaraz seems to me even more complete than Nadal, Federer or Djokovic." While Nadal battered opponents into submission with his forehand at the start of his career, Alcaraz has a more rounded game with a better serve and the clever use of drop shots and lobs. But 21-time Grand Slam winner Nadal, who Alcaraz grew up idolising, said: "If he can win 25 Grand Slams, it will be great for our country, but let him enjoy it. I was able to manage my career as I wanted, it's the moment to let him do it too. Don't ask me the question again, because I will give you the same answer every time. You can't put more pressure on him". Alcaraz has not done any pre-tournament media in Paris. But others have been willing to talk about the Spanish teenager and start mind games against a player who got beyond the third round of a Grand Slam for the first time when he reached the last eight in New York. And they have been keen to stress that winning a Major is another big step. In his Friday press conference, defending champion Djokovic said “Best-of-five, obviously things are different. Grand Slam I think awakens so much motivation and emotions in a tennis player. That's why, you cannot underestimate anyone and probably not compare the performances of those players in any other tournament with the potential performance here in a Slam.” World No.2 Daniil Medvedev said: “Carlos has been playing amazing lately. Miami, Rome, Barcelona. Let's see how he copes up with the pressure. If he manages to reproduce the same tennis, he's going to be one of the favourites for sure.” Nadal and Djokovic are scheduled to meet in the quarter-finals with Olympic champion Zverev lined up to play Alcaraz in his section. The German, who is also seeking his first Grand Slam title, said: “It's very different at a Slam. And I think it takes a lot more than just playing good tennis to win a Grand Slam. I think it will be interesting for the new up-and-coming guys, like Alcaraz, and I was in the same position as him a few years ago, and I think Stefanos Tsitsipas was, as well. "Medvedev started playing better at a later age, so for him maybe it was easier because he was more mature. But it will be interesting to see how he deals with it.”