Paul Hollywood, 56, has spoken out about the emotional toll The Great British Bake Off moving from BBC to Channel 4 had on him. The beloved baking show switched channels in 2016 and presenters Sue Perkins and Mel Giedroyc announced they would not be returning, as did judge Mary Berry who said she made her decision out of “loyalty” to the BBC. It was soon confirmed that Paul would continue as a judge on Channel 4 which prompted some backlash on social media.Famously, Bake Off 2013 runner-up, Ruby Tandoh, unleashed her fury in a series of tweets.She described Paul as a “peacocking man-child” and accused him of “lingering where the money is”.Paul has now opened up about how he struggled with the “horrendous” criticism. READ MORE:Monty Don details difficult time after he and wife 'lost everything' He said in a new interview: “I was called every name under the sun. “It was so horrendous, I actually cried. “No one wants to be painted as the pantomime villain, especially when I was just sticking with a job I loved. “But you can't kick against it,” he told The Times. Paul also revealed that Britain’s Got Talent judge David Walliams helped him through the difficult time with some words of advice.Paul went on: “David Walliams actually took me aside and said, 'Mate, it's just a game. Enjoy it.'“You're clickbait, basically. But it hurt me.  “After a while, though, I got tough. DON'T MISSHelen Mirren, 76, unrecognisable in heavy makeup and hair extensions[PICTURES]Eamonn Holmes set to undergo surgery as host unable to walk his dog[INSIGHT]Rachel Riley replaces BBC presenter as Countdown star in new role[LATEST] “I just thought, 'Ok, I'll be your bad guy’. " Paul was joined on the revamped show by Prue Leith and presenters Noel Fielding and Sandi Toksvig, who was replaced by Matt Lucas in 2020.The new formula was a success and went on to complete its fifth series on Channel 4 last year. It was announced earlier this month that Prue will now join Paul as a judge on the American version of the show.Paul has been a judge on The Great American Baking Show since 2017 and it is now understood that Prue will replace Sherry Yard for the next season.The Mirror reports that Prue will join Paul for a six-part series and a celebrity special later this year.