The controversial move means Klarna customers will have their transactions appear on their credit report, which could influence credit scores. The service will report consumer purchases paid on time, late payments and unpaid purchases for "pay in 30" and "pay in three" orders made on or after June 1 to Experian and TransUnion. Klarna already reports data on longer-term lending agreements ranging from six to 36 months, which do incur interest. The change means lenders for loans and mortgages will be able to see your debt history with the service. But the appearance of payments on a credit report will not be immediate however, with full changes being implemented from the end of 2023. Alex Marsh, head of Klarna, stated that this move is in order to protect customers, and provide more visibility of BNPL services. READ MORE: Government cracks down on buy now, pay later lenders He said: "It is alarming that UK consumers are still being forced to take out high-cost credit cards to demonstrate they can use credit responsibly and build their credit profile. "That will start to change on June 1 this year as the vast majority of the 16 million UK consumers who make Klarna BNPL payments in full and on time will be able to demonstrate their responsible use of credit to other lenders." The existence of BNPL services is controversial, and concerns have been raised over the rapid rise of services like Klarna in recent years. Klarna has some 16 million users in the UK, and is the largest service of its type in Britain. Currently, some of these services are not regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority, but the Government is planning to change this. According to Klarna’s website, you must get in touch with the service’s customer services to close your Klarna account. You can contact Klarna on 0203 005 0833, or you can use the online chat function via the website to talk to someone about closing your account. You will need to have paid off all of your orders via Klarna to delete your account. DON'T MISSKlarna CEO blasts EU over 'worst regulation ever created' [REPORT]Government cracks down on buy now, pay later lenders [INSIGHT]City of London rewriting EU rules since Brexit will attract banks [REPORT] Klarna advised waiting 10 days from the date of your last payment before trying to delete your account. Once completed, you will not be able to view your order history and payment schedules. After the news broke that Klarna would begin to send data to credit agencies, searches for how to delete your account soared. A previous version of this article stated Google search for 'How to delete Klarna' increased 1,884%. This was inaccurate. In fact, we have since been advised that Google Trend data shows that searches for ‘delete Klarna’ have been stable over the last few days. We are happy to clarify this.