Fortnite update 20.30 is going live on PS5, PS4, Xbox Series X/S, Xbox One, PC, Android and Nintendo Switch. Fortnite update 20.30 has a May 3 release date and a 9am BST launch time. The new update will be accompanied by a period of server downtime, which kicks off at 8.30am. The news was announced by Epic Games on Twitter: "Time to reach new heights! The v20.30 update is scheduled for release on May 3rd. Downtime will begin at 04:00 AM ET, with matchmaking being disabled 30 minutes beforehand." According to the early patch notes, the update will re-introduce the Choppa helicopter. Fortnite insiders such as Shiina also believe Lightsabers are making a return, as well as Star Wars skins and something called the Lightning Cup. The re-emergence of the Star Wars items coincides with the annual Star Wars Day on May 4. Shiina also believes that the new update will add the "Omega Knight" outfit, the Anime Legends Bundle and the Blunder Bundle. There's speculation the Blunder Bundle could be a Fall Guys collaboration. As you can see from the update 20.30 patch notes below, the new download makes countless bug fixes on all platforms. Fortnite update 20.30 patch notes... General fixes: • Street Shine Pickaxe Disabled - Due to a visual issue, we've temporarily disabled the Street Shine pickaxe and may not appear in your Locker. This item will be visible again and re-enabled in a future update. Battle Royale fixes: • Vaults At Seven Outposts Do Not Open - Vaults around Seven Outposts with a lock that requires multiple players to open currently are locked shut and will not activate. This will be resolved in a future update. • Anvil Rocket Launcher UI missing - The Anvil Rocket Launcher does not show that it is locking on to vehicles as expected. It does still lock on when firing but does not display this. Switch and Mobile fixes: • Scoreboards may show double on the HUD in some Creative matches - On mobile devices, some Creative Islands will display two scoreboards in both the middle of the screen and also under the mini-map. Creative fixes: • Some props in the Agency Upper and Lower prefabs are shown as blank tiles. - Creators may find that some props in the Agency Upper and Lower prefabs are shown as blank tiles with no image. • Template Islands load blank - Several template Islands do not load or loads blank. The affected Templates are: - Zone Wars Tutorial 1132-4617-3762 - Hub Template Tutorial 7863-7338-1338 - Cosmodrome Showcase 1220-6759-6692 - Battle Royale Island Showcase 8316-9098-8340 - Space Island Showcase 1963-0902-6497 - Search & Destroy Tutorial 0766-4721-0528 • Player Counter Device - We're aware of an issue that is causing the player counter device to fail to detect players when they respawn inside of the zone using player spawn pads. • Spawn Pads - We're aware of an issue that is causing players to spawn in the sky due to spawn pad settings. • Skydive Volume will not remove flight when team switches - We're aware of an issue that is causing the skydive volume device to not remove flight when a player switches teams. • Trackers disappear after a Player leaves game - We're aware of an issue that is causing the trackers to disappear after a player leaves the game • Tracker Device - We're aware of an issue that is causing the tracker device to not update correctly for teams when multiple teams are able to use it.