The Duchess of Sussex's father, who has been estranged from his daughter since her royal wedding and has never met his son-in-law, was admitted to hospital on Tuesday after suffering a stroke. Royal expert Richard Kay said Harry and Meghan face a "particular conundrum" over whether they visit the 77-year-old as they "make a virtue of their compassion" in their public roles. Writing in the Daily Mail, Mr Kay said: "No one is quite sure these days how Harry and Meghan will respond to the plight of the Duchess's father and whether they will put aside the bitterness of the past four years and travel the four hours from their home in Santa Barbara to be at his bedside. "This is a particular conundrum for a couple who in their public roles make a virtue of their compassion." Mr Kay warned that Harry could regret it if he does not let bygones be bygones with his father-in-law. He said: "Is it really too late for Harry to put the past behind him and reach out to poorly Mr Markle? "I don't think so — but if he does not I fear he may come to regret it." Meghan has been estranged from her father since it emerged he had staged paparazzi photographs ahead of her and Harry's 2018 royal wedding. The former lighting director, who lives in Rosarito, Mexico, was due to walk his daughter down the aisle but pulled out citing heart surgery. Since then, he has hit out at the Sussexes in a series of interviews. READ MORE: GB News: Samantha Markle gives update on father’s stroke  Mr Markle's admission to hospital comes just before he had been planning to travel to the UK for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. The 77-year-old hoped to meet members of the Royal Family and his grandchildren Archie and Lilibet for the first time. Speaking to GB News last month, Mr Markle said: "I'm looking forward to it. "I'm going to show my respect for the Queen and I'm going to make sure that the Queen understands that my entire family respects the Queen and the royals. DON'T MISSRoyal Family LIVE: Meghan braced for ex-husband to expose story [LIVE BLOG]Royal Family: 'Compassionate' Meghan urged to visit sick dad [INSIGHT]Sharon Osbourne urges Meghan Markle to reunite with father [VIDEO] "We admire them and we want them to know that's how we feel about them and that's how we feel about England." Speaking last night, Meghan's half-sister Samantha Markle gave an update on Mr Markle following his stroke. She told GB News's Dan Wootton: “He’s doing better, he’s in good spirits and it still hurts me to talk about it because he's been through so much. “Two heart attacks, a pandemic and a stroke. “I don’t think he saw it coming, I’m just so thankful to God that I called him when I did because he was slurring his speech, he couldn’t talk and I feel like If we hadn’t got emergency care right away it could’ve been fatal. “I feel really blessed that he is getting some of his strength back and it’s going to take several, maybe six months, maybe a year to get his speech back. "He can work with a speech therapist, the stroke he had in the speech production part. “The stroke was in the right side of the brain so the damage was on the left and he’s left-handed but it also impaired his speech and his ability to swallow.”  Express.co.uk has contacted representatives for the Sussexes for comment.