Taking on the role of temporary host, Colin exclaimed it was “an absolute honour” to present Countdown after Anne leaves the show in July. He is no stranger to presenting the Channel 4 show as he has previously stepped in for Nick Hewer when he took time off from the role. Colin, 45, confirmed the news on Twitter, telling his 202,800 followers: “I’m like the assistant manager, given the job until end of season. “Earn respect of dressing room (@susie_dent @RachelRileyRR), get some points on the board, try to win a trophy! 75 games to get it right! “Absolute honour. Fav show ever. July 14 to start of Nov. #Countdown.” It wasn’t long before Colin was inundated with support from Countdown fans with many praising his appointment. READ MORE: Gogglebox snubbed at BAFTA as BBC viewers spot 'snobs not clapping' “Absolutely brilliant news - they have to give you the gig this time,” David Ealey tweeted. Gabby Logan posted: “So thrilled for you Colin,” as Dave Gorman tweeted: “Excellent news. Congrats.” Ed Harris shared: “Well done Colin! The right man for the job!” “I love Susie and Rachel, don’t play them out of position, congratulations Colin, I’m looking forward to the shows with you,” Ann Gree wrote.  Colin will host the popular show from July to November as bosses try to find a permanent replacement for Anne. The presenter confirmed she’d be leaving after a year at the helm and denied rumours of a feud with Rachel Riley. Anne revealed: “I’ve had a blast hosting this wonderful show. “And I stayed longer than I signed up for. Now it is time for an older woman to take the reins.” DON'T MISS...Anne Robinson says ‘a woman is someone with a vagina’ amid trans row [LATEST]Why did Anne Robinson quit Countdown? [INSIGHT]Nick Hewer baffled over Carol Vorderman's return to Countdown [UPDATE] She continued: “I hope too I’ve encouraged TV bosses to realise that not all women at the wrong end of their seventies are in care homes playing bingo and watching conjuring tricks. “In fact the genius of Countdown is that it’s a brilliant way to keep the brain exercised. I run 5k most days of the week. “And I can now do an anagram at twice the speed I could this time last year.” Instead she wants to focus on her family and home in New York and her garden. Speaking on whether she’d been feuding with Rachel, Anne detailed: “I’m not saying I would go on holiday with Rachel Riley, but she is brilliant. “Absolutely honestly, I do admire her – she is really, really good at what she does, as is [co-star] Susie Dent.” She did however confirm reports she had asked for Rachel’s microphone to be turned down. “She is noisy, yes she and Susie both are – they are a formidable pair those two,” Anne explained. Countdown airs weekdays on Channel 4 from 2.10pm.