The Queen's Platinum Jubilee weekend is almost upon us and Jamie Oliver is always on hand to provide a delicious recipe that's fun for all the family and easy to cook. He shared how to make his signature Lamb kofta flatbreads with pickled red cabbage and rose harissa. Setting up the garden and getting in the drinks ahead of the weekend may take a bit of time. So, why not try a tasty recipe that only takes 15 minutes to serve as Platinum Jubilee party food? Seasoned chefs and cooking novices alike can whip up this dish, with Jamie giving it a difficulty rating of "not too tricky". He said: "This colourful family favourite is really fun to put together. READ MORE: McDonald's announces major changes for customers "Quick pickled cabbage brings a hit of extra flavour, and with just five ingredients, it’s an easy one to rustle up. "I’m using shop-bought tortillas here, but feel free to make your own – simply check out the easy swaps below to find out how." This recipe serves two, so those hosting a party can double, triple, quadruple and so on if they have lots of mouths to feed. Jamie concluded: "Have fun with it!” And those who may be watching their waistlines may rejoice, as each serving only comes to 451 calories. 250g minced lamb Two teaspoons rose harissa with extra for serving 250g red cabbage Two seeded wholemeal tortillas or flatbreads Two tablespoons of cottage cheese Put a griddle pan on a high heat. Scrunch the minced lamb and harissa with your hands until mixed. Divide into six pieces, then shape into koftas - again with your hands - leaving dents in the surface to increase the "gnarly bits" when cooking. Griddle until sizzling and golden, or for four to five minutes, making sure to repeat this on each side. Shred the cabbage very finely, adding a pinch of sea salt and black pepper, before drizzling with a tablespoon of red wine vinegar. This mixture must then be scrunched together to pickle it. Warm your tortillas or flatbreads, add the cabbage to the top, dollop on the cottage cheese and add the koftas. Harissa lovers can drizzle on a little bit more to the dish before eating. Easy swaps Jamie suggested replacing the lamb with pork or beef for those who prefer other meats. A dollop of natural yoghurt or a sprinkle of feta could also easily replace cottage cheese. Those who aren't fans of red cabbage can opt for white cabbage or carrot. The chef also recommended changing up the bread, using pitta instead of tortilla or flatbread. Adventurous cooks can make their own. For easy homemade flatbreads, budding chefs can place a large, dry non-stick frying pan over a medium-high heat. Then, mix 100g of plain flour with one pinch of sea salt, 50ml of water and one tablespoon of olive oil in a bowl until it creates a dough mixture. Halve the mixture into two, before rolling out each piece until just under half a centimetre thick - make sure you do this on a flour-dusted surface. These can be cooked for just one minute on each side, or until golden, flipping it halfway.