The Deputy Prime Minister appeared on Friday's Good Morning Britain via video link where he discussed Sue Gray's upcoming report, which is set to be released to the public next week. Despite chatting to Ben Shephard and Kate Garraway about Boris Johnson and Partygate, the chat soon shifted to boxing. The ITV hosts asked Mr Raab about his thoughts on whether boxing will help young children to be more disciplined. Speaking of his experience of how boxing helped him, the MP explained: "I know from my own personal experience when my father died when I was 12, that karate and then later on boxing were very important in terms of not just physical fitness, but also the role models, the respect, the ethos and the focus in life it gave me at a fragile time. "I am a middle-class home counties boy, so I think whether it's in Blackpool or I used to be a trustee for Fight for Peace in Newham, I think it has a great scope for giving some focus and some motivation and some inspiration for those young people. "What you can then do when you've got them in a sporting environment...and it's not just boxing or, or Karate, it could be football, it could be drama, [or] it could be the arts. "[And it's] that mentoring that keeps them on the straight and narrow and helps us keep communities safer because you cut crime." READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Debbie Webster reports Abi in revenge twist  He continued: "On the health issues, boxing is so well-regulated. "You look at sports like rugby that are much more regulated than in the past. "You've just got to ask yourself a basic question which is, 'Do they do more harm than good for those harder to reach communities and those harder to reach youngsters?' "They undoubtedly in my experience...my experience working at Fight for Peace...they undoubtedly do more harm that good."  "Yes we need to make sure...and amateur boxing is very well regulated actually," the MP added. "We need to make sure we protect those youngsters and if we look at all the positives and Eddie Hearn I am sure would have spoken about that as well, the balance sheet is clearly in favour." However, viewers were unimpressed by the line of questioning and many took to social media to slam the hosts for not grilling the deputy on more important issues. Many branded the interview as "pointless" and a "waste of time". DON'T MISS...Lord of the Rings series: Amazon boss drops update on Rings of Power [INSIGHT]Lorraine warns Emmerdale guest to ‘behave' after appearance remark [VIDEO]'My life changed' Vera's Brenda Blethyn opens up on marriage breakdown [NEWS] User @uniquesdollsUK fumed: "Ben and Kate are terrible interviewers. Grill this vile creature!! #gmb." User @babbyb1478 raged: "What a total waste of time these two interviewers are. Have any idea how vile a human being Raab is, ask him real questions. #gmb." (sic) While Simon Green added: "Way more important issues now .. but hey ho .. we can always carry on bashing the government and wasting time." "Stick to rolling coins down a ramp, Ben you're rubbish at holding politicians to account. #gmb," user @thesop commented. Stephen Miller went on to tweet: "#GMB Why do GMB keep showing this? P**poor from Garraway and Ben 'Boris' Shepherd. Raab couldn't believe his luck." (sic) Peter Stocker commented: "MOVE ON there nothing Good about watching you lot." "Nothing else to talk about at all?" Daniel asked as Paul added: "Boring!" Mike Sherlock went on to brand the interview as "pointless". Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.