Erik ten Hag is already drawing up transfer plans for when he takes over as Manchester United manager this summer and strikers are one of his top priorities. United will be in need of several new players in the upcoming transfer window, with many contracts expiring and others set to move on.    Edinson Cavani is leaving the club when his deal expires on July 1, Mason Greenwood remains unavailable, while there are doubts over the futures of Marcus Rashford and Anthony Martial. Cristiano Ronaldo has another year on his contract but the state of flux at Old Trafford means his presence for the 2022/23 campaign is not a given. It is in this context that Ten Hag is searching for new goal-getters. One player he may struggle to land is Victor Osimhen, who has rebuffed an approach from United and would prefer to join Arsenal, according to La Gazzetta dello Sport. The Nigeria international has been given a £85million (€100m) price tag by Napoli after scoring 17 goals in 29 games this season. Osimhen is not the only striker available to United this summer, however. Express Sport takes a look at six other options for Ten Hag.  Benfica striker Nunez has been given a £67m price tag after banging in 32 goals in 38 appearances across all competitions this season. The 22-year-old has caught the eye of several European clubs, but AS recently reported that United are leading the race after Ten Hag personally requested the club push for his signature. JUST IN: Tottenham 'keen' on signing Pickford as Everton make transfer decision Haller has been in fine form for Ten Hag at Ajax this season, scoring 33 goals and registering nine assists in 40 appearances so far. The 27-year-old striker, who cost West Ham £42m from Eintracht Frankfurt in 2019, could follow Ten Hag to Old Trafford this summer, according to The Sun, who say he would cost around £35m. Kane tried his best to push through a move from Tottenham to Manchester City last summer and he could be the subject of more transfer interest this summer. After a slow start to the campaign, the 28-year-old England captain has rediscovered his scoring boots, with 21 goals and 45 appearances for Spurs so far. According to The Mirror, Ten Hag has made Kane his top target, but he is set to stay put in north London. DON'T MISS Ten Hag must use Ferguson trick at Man Utd after Ferdinand comments Edinson Cavani 'made phone call over swift exit' after Man Utd signed Man Utd ace Dean Henderson makes final transfer decision Martinez could be on the move this summer amid plenty of interest. United have reportedly offered Inter Milan £42m plus Martial for the Argentine forward. Despite losing last season’s strike partner, Romelu Lukaku, the 24-year-old has scored 16 goals from 31 Serie A matches this term. Inter reportedly aren’t interested in a swap deal, however, so United might have to return with a better offer to land Martinez. Reports emerged last month that United had made a tentative approach for Everton forward Richarlison. Real Madrid were cited as potential rivals for the Brazilian’s signature. Much will depend on whether Everton avoid relegation from the Premier League. The Toffees are currently in 18th place and two points from safety, with five games left to play. Richarlison has eight goals and four assists in 26 Premier League matches this season. Nkunku has caught the eye this season thanks to a stunning return of 32 goals and 14 assists in 49 appearances for RB Leipzig. United would have to pay at least £63.9m (€75m) to sign the 24-year-old France international this summer, according to Bild. Leipzig are understandably keen to tie Nkunku down to a new contract to protect his value and are ready to offer him three times his current wage to tempt him to stay. 