Tomato plants are a popular plant to grow, especially for those who have greenhouses. However, with the weather only just beginning to warm up in some parts of the country, some gardeners are finding it hard to get their tomato plant seeds to germinate. For those looking for tips to give their tomato seeds a boost, Express.co.uk spoke to Chris Bonnett, founder of GardeningExpress.co.uk. The gardening expert said sowing tomato seeds too deeply can see them “struggle” to germinate, as well as low temperatures and not enough moisture. Unlike other seeds, tomatoes like to be sown thinly with a fine layer of compost over them. Pushing them too deeply into the compost could see them struggle to germinate as there isn’t enough light. Chris explained: “Tomatoes can be a funny seed for some people. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ 50p hack to remove yellow pillow stains  “They quite like to be surface sown or only just pressed into compost. “They generally prefer a tiny bit of light to help them germinate. “So if they’re too deep, they can struggle sometimes.” Some people sow tomato seeds on the surface of the compost and then cover them with vermiculite.  DON'T MISSCleaning icon Kim Woodburn's brilliant advice to tackle ants [INSIGHT]How to protect your home against threat of 'blood rain' [UPDATE]Cleaning: How to get rid of slugs in homes using salt - ‘cheapest way’ [ANALYSIS] The gardening expert said temperature is the “main thing” when it comes to getting tomato seeds to germinate. Tomato seeds need to be kept at a constant temperature at the beginning - ideally in a heated propagator. Chris suggested keeping them somewhere warm in temperatures 20C or warmer. He said: “If you’ve got somewhere quite warm, 20C plus, which most houses are going to be, then they’re going to be in a good place. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “If it’s getting too cold at night or if they’re outside, they might struggle until we’ve got more stable night temperatures. “Temperature is the main thing and keeping them moist, keeping the moisture in.” Compost regularly drying out can be a problem for tomato seeds trying to germinate. They should be kept as moist as possible but not waterlogged. Chris suggested covering the seedlings with a layer of clingfilm to retain moisture and heat.  He said this can be done with a seed tray or small pots. However, he said gardeners need to ensure they keep an eye on the seedlings if they’re under clingfilm. He said: “People clingfilm the pot just to start them off until you see them starting to shoot. “You want to check them very regularly or else you’ll get shoots under the clingfilm and that’s no good either. “As soon as you see them starting to sprout, you probably want to get the clingfilm off within a couple of days.”