Naga Munchetty's longstanding colleague Dan Walker fronted his final show as he bowed out of the programme after six years. The former Football Focus host has left BBC Breakfast to become Channel 5's news anchor and will also host other programmes on the channel. The 45-year-old has been inundated with leaving messages on social media following his departure from the show. Naga, 46, has since taken the opportunity to quietly react to her colleague and pal's exit after her BBC co-star Ben Thompson shared a cheeky photo. The broadcaster penned a heartfelt message to Dan as he joked about their height. Ben shared a series of photos from the BBC Breakfast studios but it was one photo in particular that caught Naga's attention. READ MORE: Piers Morgan talks reconciling with Meghan - 'Ripped Prince away' The host could be seen standing between Dan and Ben as the Breakfast hosts towered over her. Ben tweeted: "Happy last day @mrdanwalker! Thanks for all the @BBCBreakfast lols and for your services to tall people everywhere." Dan cheekily replied: "We are far too tall for telly Ben." A social media user was quick to react to the post as they tagged Naga.  Twitter user, Jon Perks wrote: "That pic of you three with @TVNaga01," followed by a shocked-face emoji. Naga simply liked the social media user's post amid Dan's exit. Meanwhile, the broadcaster told viewers it had been "a real privilege" to present BBC Breakfast as Dan fronted his last show. "It's always been my dream to do a job like this. It feels a bit surreal I won't be sitting on the sofa anymore," he said on Tuesday's show. DON'T MISS... Joan Collins' 'near-death' moment after almost being run over[LATEST]'Gutted I won't be alive' says BBC's Deborah James amid new venture[INSTAGRAM]Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen stuns fans with rare pic of daughter[PICTURES] Former co-host Louise Minchin made a surprise return to wave him off. She told him: "It's very emotional to be here. You have touched the hearts of the nation. I loved working with you and we had such fun times." Louise added: "He's never going to let you down... when things were going wrong, he'd look you in the eye and say, 'You got this.' You give people confidence and that's a beautiful thing." There were recorded goodbyes from the likes of Olympic champions Jessica Ennis-Hill and Adam Peaty and former rugby league star Rob Burrows, whose journey navigating motor neurone disease has been followed by BBC Breakfast. Dan said: "I've had so many incredible memories. Thank you for tuning in. "Things change. Change can be tough sometimes but it's also good. Keep watching and thank you for having me. "I love doing this job and I always find it amazing that other people enjoy watching you do something that you love." BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One at 6am.