Harry Maguire has been told how he can save his Manchester United career. Former Chelsea midfielder Craig Burley has advised the defender on how he can impress new Red Devils boss Erik ten Hag and avoid being axed by the Dutchman. Maguire had a season to forget for United. The England international was a regular under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick but suffered severe criticism for his performances. He remains the most expensive defender of all time following his £80million move to Old Trafford in 2019. Burley says Maguire must ignore all media attention and focus on doing what got him to the point in his career of being bought for such a large sum of money. Burley told ESPN FC: "He's trending downwards big time. It depends what Ten Hag wants. READ MORE: Salah 'needs Liverpool' as forward told he could face axe against Real Madrid  "Has he got the ability? Yes. Can he pass the ball? Yes. Can he defend? Yes. "He can do all those things, that's why he's got to where he's got. But he has to keep his head down, forget about the media, forget about the press conferences, start making better decisions on the field defensively and, even without captaincy, show the leadership. "If he does that he's got half a chance, I mean half a chance. If he doesn't, Ten Hag will just out him. DON'T MISSChelsea boss Tuchel urged to re-sign defender who 'man-marked Mo Salah out of a game' [QUOTES]Liverpool 'have dream transfer for 2023' after Tchouameni's private declaration [TRANSFERS]Arsenal 'make decision' on meeting Arthur price-tag with Juventus swap on offer [GOSSIP]  "I think first and foremost he really needs to get his head screwed on and get it back in the zone. Moving to Man United or any big club can always bolster your ego in some sense. Some people don't operate that way, some do." Burley says Maguire has not reacted to the criticism well in recent months. And he says he must get used to it at a club the size of United. The Scot added: "He's had an extremely troublesome period with his club, not with his country. And it's down to how he reacts. "The reaction I've seen so far hasn't been good enough. He has smarted at the criticism, he hasn't liked it, he hasn't handled it particularly well.  "But here's the deal, when you're at that level and performing in that manner and you have that price tag, it's coming. It's coming to you at Manchester United unless you're successful." New United boss Ten Hag said this week that he is looking forward to working with Maguire. He said: "I have to repeat that next season is a different season but I think he did a great job. "He's a great player, he's achieved already a lot really also [with his] contribution to Manchester United. So I'm looking forward to working with him."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here