Sophie, Countess of Wessex and Prince Edward are due to carry out two engagements in Northern Ireland this Saturday, June 4. On the day of Meghan Markle’s daughter Lilibet’s first birthday, senior members of the Royal Family will be scattered all across the UK. Kate Middleton and Prince William will visit Wales and Princess Anne is due to be in Scotland.  The Wessexes, meanwhile, will visit Northern Ireland. The only Royal Family residence in Northern Ireland is Hillsborough Castle in County Down, 20 minutes away from Belfast. This is most likely where Sophie and Edward will drop their bags before heading out for royal engagements.  READ MORE: Princess Anne's 'healthy' diet includes unusual breakfast In 2014, Historic Royal Palaces took over the running of Hillsborough Castle and Gardens and started a five-year refurbishment that is reported to have cost £24million. The stunning property was bought by the British Government in the early 20th century and has been used as a conference space ever since. Technically Hillsborough Castle is not actually a castle but is a grand Georgian house built for an Irish noble family.   Prior to 1972, it was used as the office of the Governor of Northern Ireland until the post was abolished in favour of direct rule from London. The Queen's Secretary of State moved in as her representative and the house from that point continued to host royal visitors. It remains the official Northern Irish residence for the Queen, who has visited the castle 25 times over her reign. The property measures at 100-acres and has an Instagram account where royal fans can get sneak peeks inside the lush royal residence.  When Her Majesty is not visiting, the property is occupied by Northern Ireland's Secretary of State, Brandon Lewis. The luxurious home includes several State Rooms, all of which boast royal artefacts and elegant decorations. Its grandest attraction is the Throne Room, which even hosted a celebratory ball for the Queen's coronation in 1953. The colossal crystal chandeliers, which can be seen on Hillsborough Castle’s Instagram page, make this room perfect for royal engagements. There is also the State Dining Room, which continues to serve meals to VIP guests.  It can seat up to 40 guests for dinner and host 60 for a reception, making it ideal for royal galas. The Red Room is the conference space in the house where the Queen has met the Irish presidents across her reign. From photographs, it can be seen to have crimson walls decorated with portraits of British monarchs. A round table is in the centre of the room, perfect for diplomatic discussions and debates. Hillsborough's outdoors are also very elegant, with a walled garden, a Yew Tree Walk, and a tranquil temple. 