Despite “living a dream” by being on the presenting panel for Euro 2020 and the Olympic Games, Alex Scott, 37, has shared the “hardest lesson” she faced when presenting her first Olympics in a new interview. The Arsenal star admits that being involved with “shows like Sports Personality of the Year still gives me goosebumps,” but it hasn’t all been smooth sailing. The Football Focus presenter said: “The hardest lesson was presenting my first Olympics, alongside Clare Balding and Gabby Logan, who have done it for years. “Knowing the BBC had trusted me with that made me want to repay them by spending hours doing my preparation and research. “Clare and Gabby put time into helping me, and to learn from them was incredible." Last July, Alex came under criticism when Lord Digby Jones took to Twitter to share his frustration with Alex’s accent. READ MORE: Piers Morgan slams Angelina Jolie as she's spotted visiting Ukraine The ex-House of Lords member tweeted that he felt Alex “spoils a good presentational job on the BBC Olympics Team with her very noticeable inability to pronounce her 'g's at the end of a word”. His scrutinising posts became trending tweets. At the time, the female footballing champion said she was “proud” of her working class background. The experience has led to Alex feeling “blessed”. She said: “The whole thing that happened with Lord Digby Jones just made me feel blessed that the BBC let me be ‘me’. “We’re used to viewing people on TV who speak a certain way, but that’s not a reflection of the UK.” Alex sees herself as a role model for the younger generation of aspiring broadcasters. She explained in the Radio Times interview: “For young boys and girls to see a true reflection of themselves is so important.” DON'T MISS:Anne Hegerty reacts to Mark Labbett's The Chase replacement [NEWS]Priscilla Presley, 76, looks ageless with Elvis actor at Met Gala [PICS]Harry and Meghan urged to take a leaf from Zara Tindall by Jane Moore [LATEST] Alex was previously a footballer for Arsenal and captain for England. In March, Alex showcased her sartorial side as she posed on the red carpet in a risque white dress. She flaunted her athletic figure in a daring dress for the BAFTA awards ceremony. Alex stunned in the soft pink full-length gown with daring thigh-high split. The star is often praised for her red carpet looks. Alex also said in the interview that she is excited for future opportunities. She said: “The next couple of years excite me. I don’t ever think, ‘Wow, that was special,’ because I’m always thinking, ‘Right, what next?’” Read the full interview in this week's Radio Times. 