Amber Heard told the Virginia court that she decided to file for divorce from her ex-husband Johnny Depp, 58, as she "knew she wouldn't survive if she didn't". It comes as the Aquaman actress, 36, has returned to the stand following a week-long break in their $100 million defamation trial. Yesterday, Heard claimed that she filed for divorce from Depp after he threw a phone at her face in May 2016. The row ensued after Depp claimed that his ex-wife's friends had defecated in their bed, while Heard claimed it was one of their dogs, Pistol or Boo. Heard told the court: "At the time it felt like the hardest thing I ever had to do. "I had worked so hard to try to make this relationship work, I went to therapy, Al Anon, I got help, I read books, I did everything I could possibly and it didn't work and I was conflicted. READ MORE: Holly Willoughby stuns fans as she strips off for selfie after shower "I was conflicted, I knew after he threw the phone at my face that after all that month of not seeing each other, not getting better, not getting clean and sober," she added. Heard went on to tell the court: "It was falling apart, I knew I had to leave him, I knew I wouldn't survive it if I didn't. "So I made the decision to file for divorce. It was hard because I love Johnny so much, I loved him so much." The actress went on to answer questions from her lawyer, asking why she had decided to file for divorce from her husband. She responded: "Because I knew if I didn't I would likely not literally survive. "I was so scared that it was going to end really badly for me, and I didn't want to leave him, I loved him so much." "And I would have done anything, but I couldn't do that one thing, I couldn't stay. "The promise and the hope I had had became less and less regular and more and more rare. The violence is now normal and not the exception." DON'T MISS... Lisa Marie Presley reflects on 'hideous grief' of only son's suicide [INSIGHT]‘Love you too’ Dan Walker gushes over BBC colleague as he bids goodbye [ANALYSIS]‘Should be able to express opinion' Lorraine Kelly on cancel culture -[UPDATE] Heard continued: "I was so scared, I believed he would take it too far and I wouldn't be here." The actress also asked for a domestic violence temporary restraining order against Depp, claiming that she couldn't sleep at the thought of him entering the house. She told the court: "I wanted to change my locks, I wanted a good night's sleep, security always let him into the house no matter what I asked them. "No matter when I begged them to let me know when he was coming over, no matter how much I begged them not to let him in when he was mad or drunk or high. "And I just couldn't sleep, I would wake up in a panic, I was losing hair, I was losing weight." Depp is suing his ex-wife for $50 million in a defamation suit following an article she wrote for the Washington Post where she claimed to be a victim of domestic violence. Heard is counter-suing her ex-husband for $100 million. The trial is expected to end later this month.