Princess Anne's daughter launched her very own website, entirely focused on her sporting success. The webpages under the domain zaratindall.com focus entirely on the accomplished equestrian's career on the turf and as a brand ambassador. On the other hand, there is no mention of her royal relatives or heritage. Similarly, her private life is kept very much out of the website, with her husband and former rugby player Mike Tindall not mentioned either. Her two daughters, Mia and Lena, are only referred to in Zara's biography in relation to her career and not by name. The paragraph with reference to the youngsters read: "Following the birth of her first child in January 2014, Zara was competing at the highest level once again just seven months later, going on to win a team silver medal at the 2014 World Equestrian Games in Normandy. "In April 2017 she finished third on High Kingdom at the Rolex Kentucky Three Day Event before going on to have her second child in Spring 2018. "Since then Zara has been back competing regularly at National and International events. The biography also mentions Zara's success in international tournaments, including her team's silver medal at the London Olympics in 2012. As his birth is not linked to any sports accomplishments, Zara's third child, Lucas, doesn't appear on the website. READ MORE: Princess Anne sparks royal frenzy after stepping out in uniform The glossy website also presents pages dedicated to Zara's sponsors, her most recent results in tournaments, eight of her current and former horses and news related to her equestrian career. Despite being the eldest granddaughter of the Queen, Zara doesn't hold a royal title. This is because Princess Anne and her former husband Mark Phillips decided against having Her Majesty bestowing an HRH style on their children upon their birth. This allowed Zara and her brother Peter Phillips to lead a life far from the spotlight and carve out careers of their own. Speaking about her decision not to place the burden of royal titles and royal duties onto their children's shoulders, Princess Anne told Vanity Fair in 2020: "[It] was probably the right thing to do. "I think it was probably easier for them, and I think most people would argue that there are downsides to having titles." Zara's new website comes as her husband and former England rugby player publicly praised her as an "idol". Taking to his Instagram account, Mike said the equestrian has a "big year ahead". He wrote: "I love seeing my sporting idol doing her thing outside of the golfing arena!!” Mike added: "It's a big year ahead. #chatsworth #eventing." The tribute included a video of Zara taking part in the Chatsworth Horse Trials, a three-day world-class equestrian event. While Mike and Zara have never performed royal duties, they often take part in events open to the wider members of the Firm. The couple and their eight-year-old daughter Mia appeared together at Westminster Abbey in March for the memorial service of Prince Philip. Similarly, they headed to Windsor's St George's Chapel on Easter Sunday. Mike and Zara have also appeared on the Buckingham Palace balcony on several Trooping the Colour parades. However, this year they won't join the Queen for the occasion as she has decided to be surrounded only by working members of the Firm.