Speaking to Sky News, Mr Campbell, former spokesperson for Tony Blair, described the situation in London as “extraordinary” as Labour claimed Tory strongholds Wandsworth and Westminster. He said that “the country has decided” that Mr Johnson is no longer a viable option as PM and now is time for the leader’s party to follow suit. He said: “I think the result in London is extraordinary. I mean even when Tony Blair was in his pomp, and even during austerity with Theresa May, Labour never took Westminster and Wandsworth. “They were seen as absolutely impregnable, so I think that is not to be dismissed. “And around the country, I think you’re seeing a very interesting and quite mixed picture. “To me, some of the most interesting things going on are where people are actually looking at the best way to put the Tories out.    “There are some councils where it’s gone from Tory to No Overall Control on the basis of a Green winning here and there, and a Lib Dem here and a Labour there. “And I think there is this sense that people are really having a feeling of revulsion at this Government under Boris Johnson. “You have this propaganda machine going out saying Boris Johnson is the best Prime Minister, Boris Johnson delivers all these amazing things. But frankly, I think he has delivered next to nothing. “That sense of the anger that there will be inside the Conservative party at how badly they are doing in different parts of the country surely has to lead to a proper understanding of the PM. “I don’t think Boris Johnson can get re-elected as Prime Minister. I think the country has decided that. “It’s now up to the Conservative Party to decide whether they will now act on that.” READ MORE: Tories will ‘lose next General Election with Johnson in charge’ [INSIGHT]   The Conservatives suffered a difficult night as long-standing Tory councils in London fell to the Labour party. Margaret Thatcher’s beloved Wandsworth was seized by Sir Keir Starmer’s party for the first time in 44 years. Local leaders were quick to point to the Prime Minister as the reason why the council had been lost. Ravi Govindia, outgoing leader of Wandsworth council, said: “Let’s not be coy about it, of course, national issues were part of the dilemma people were facing.” DON'T MISS: Boris Johnson squirms as Sky reporter exposes key policy failure [REPORT]Boris hammered by Britons as he abandons Brexit plan [REVEAL]Boris could call ‘early general election’ to keep Tories in power [INSIGHT]  Mr Johnson admitted that it had been a “tough night” for his party, with many viewing the eventual local election results as a potential marker for the PM’s public popularity. He said: “It’s mid-term and it’s certainly a mixed set of results. “We’ve had a tough night in some parts of the country, but on the other hand in other parts of the country you’re still seeing Conservatives going forward and making quite remarkable gains in places that haven’t voted Conservative for a long time if ever.” The Tories also lost seats in Westminster, which Mr Johnson bragged about holding recently in PMQs, and Hillingdon, the suburban borough of London that is home to his own constituency.   