In 2020, Meghan Markle and Prince Harry made a decision to step back as senior working royals. Despite stepping back from the royal fold, it has been reported that the couple are finding out that the celebrity life has "a lot of risk" and are "still pushing for royal life". PR expert Lina Citreon discussed the Sussexes' lifestyle choices with Christina Garibaldi on the latest episode of Royally Us. Speaking on Royally Us, host Christina Garibaldi said: "They [Harry and Meghan] are one of the most recognisable couples in the world but they also wanted to straddle that royal life. "You know, when they were told they couldn't, they're still using their HRH titles and things, so it seems like they're still pushing the royal life but don't really want to be associated with it either". PR expert Lida said: "One of the things we've learnt is you sometimes don't get to have it both ways. "When you think about royal life and pageantry of the institution, there's lots of rules that come with that and there's protocols and there's rewards. "But celebrity also has rules and protocols and rewards, it also has a lot of risk, being handled is different, being managed is different". READ MORE: Royal Family: 'Astounding' Harry and Meghan flying to UK 'for big royal PR event' Ms Citreon added: "I don't know how they would find a way to bridge both but they kind of need to choose. Ms Garibaldi asked Lida, "In your opinion, what do you think that they're going to do? "I mean it's almost like they have to choose that celebrity route since the Royal Family told them that there is no place for them". Ms Citreon replied: "Well, yeah, when the door shuts, it's kind of hard to still make a decision, you know". READ MORE: Sarah Ferguson opens up on sleepovers with grandchildren - 'They think I'm hilarious' On January 8, 2020, Harry and Meghan announced, via their official Instagram account, that they "intend to step back as ‘senior’ members of the Royal Family". In the statement, captioned under a picture of the couple, they declared that they were wanted to "work to become financially independent" but also continue "to fully support Her Majesty The Queen". They stated that their final decision came "after many months of reflection and internal discussions", and that they planned to balance their time "between the United Kingdom and North America". DON'T MISS 'Her memory is incredible' Royal chef lays bare Queen's sharp mind [INSIGHT] 'Loves it in French!' Queen sends menu back if chef makes an error [REVEAL]Platinum Jubilee: How to make your own bunting to celebrate Queen [INSIGHT] It was recently confirmed that the couple would be flying to the UK to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee next month. They will also bring along with their two children, Archie and Lilibet, for the visit. The Queen will get to see her great-grandson Archie for the first time in two years, and meet Lilibet, who turns one next month, for the first time.