Driving is becoming prohibitively expensive for vast numbers of people in the UK as the cost of living crisis, rising fuel prices and road tax increases pile the pressure on. Many motorists are turning to car share schemes or ditching their cars completely. Even the Government’s preferred option, that the population turn to electric vehicles instead, is proving ambitious as new research has revealed that recharging an EV at home is 43 percent more expensive compared to a year ago. The energy crisis has been hitting owners of electric vehicles despite EVs still being much cheaper to run than petrol and diesel cars. This week the cost of diesel broke the £1.80 per litre barrier for the first time, another historic high. And the mounting costs are starting to have a real effect on car ownership in the UK. READ MORE: Andy Burnham scraps daily charging for petrol and diesel vehicles Almost one third of motorists think they will need to take on additional debt to afford to keep driving and stay on the road. Howard Cox, Founder of FairFuelUK and Secretary to the FairFuel All Party Parliamentary Group (APPG), commented on the issues faced by drivers and what needs to be done to protect them. “It nauseates millions, that in a time of national financial uncertainty, super rich corporations care so little for their customers' ever-deepening plight. “From 2020 the cash grabbing fuel supply chain has benefited, not through any great business acumen but from a huge and fortunate global hike in oil prices to swell their already fat profits. DON'T MISSMotorists warned of further car tax changes as VED increases likely [WARNING]Ten future classics set to soar in value [REVEALED]Diesel drivers are being 'fleeced' at the pumps as MP's demand action [SHOCKING] Elsewhere, drivers are turning to car share schemes where several people pay a smaller amount to use one car, booking it when required. One scheme in Oxford sees 20 households share seven cars, paying a much lower amount a month than owning a vehicle outright. Emily Kerr, who founded the project, told The Guardian: “There are five cars all less than five minutes’ walk from my house. “If I need to use a car, I log on and book it, paying about £7 a hour for short hops – less an hour for longer drives. We have a WhatsApp group to talk to each other. And if I needed to get a car in an emergency, I’d be very surprised if I couldn’t get one straight away.” Her satisfaction with the scheme resulted in her selling the family car, and others have followed suit. Ms Kerr added: “Our car used to cost us just over £300 a month in insurance, depreciation, maintenance, tax, etc. For the last six months I would say we have spent £100 on average.” Meanwhile, in east London, the introduction of the capital’s ultra-low emission zone meant one driver faced having to sell his diesel car or pay a charge of £12.50 a day to use it. Richard Scarborough said: “I weighed up buying a newer car that would conform to Ulez but decided to give the carsharing schemes a go before I did, and I am so glad I did.” However the cost of driving has prompted many to simply give up the pursuit altogether. The MEN reported on locals struggling to stay on the roads due to strain on their finances. One man said: "I fear that driving a diesel car is no longer going to be a sustainable choice in the near future, especially if the Russia/Ukraine war does not stop any time soon. "I think fuel price, plus energy bill rise, plus insurance hikes, plus tax increases are just going to mean some hard choices need to be made. "I took two weeks to just make sure how the price increase is affecting me personally and what cheaper alternatives I have.”