The Volvo 4x4, which was pulling a jet ski, became stuck just as the tide was coming in. Two men were rescued after Scott Snowden, the Cleethorpes resort manager, spotted their car in trouble on the shoreline. The men, who are from Scunthorpe, were visiting Cleethorpes for the first time and had hoped to launch the jet ski from the beach, Grimsby Live reported. Fears are now also growing that the vehicle could pollute the seawater with contaminants. The rescue of the owners began at around 1pm when the two men went to the shoreline to launch the jet ski. As they unloaded the jet ski from the trailer, the wheels of the vehicle sank in the mud. READ MORE: Drivers react to EU’s complete ban on petrol and diesel cars from 2035 Mr Snowden said he was on patrol with colleagues, advising visitors to make their way to safety as the tide was coming in. The team had guided a father and his child away from the incoming water when Mr Snowden spotted the car stuck on the shoreline. Cleethorpes beach has a layer of sand that covers a thick layer of boulder clay - which can be treacherous for vehicles. Mr Snowden said: "It is not suitable for vehicles at all. DON'T MISS Motorists in a 'very difficult position' after red diesel ban [REVEAL] 'Potentially fatal' hypermiling techniques are 'not worth it' [INSIGHT] Motorists may save hundreds of pounds despite new laws [ADVICE] "It is the nature of the beach. “There is soft sand and we always advise against taking any vehicle on the beach. "The slipway is the best place from which to launch. “If people do not know the area they should always contact the Beach Safety team." He added: "It is boulder clay under the sand - it is difficult once you get stuck. “We tried to assist with the removal, but the tide came in and [the car] is going to be covered. "It is deeply disappointing that with the fuel and the materials in the car, there is a risk to the environment and our area of Site of Special Scientific Interest. “But this is the consequence of not thinking before acting." Tide times are displayed at the Beach Safety Hub and on The Beach Guide website, and by The Met Office. The news comes after another car mysteriously appeared at the bottom of a canal in Manchester earlier this month. Canal walkers were stunned to see a car fully submerged in the water. The car was pictured submerged in a stretch of the Peak Forest Canal at Marple Locks in Manchester. The affected stretch of the canal had to be drained due to the incident. A photograph taken at the scene showed a silver hatchback stuck in the mud on the canal bed. One onlooker who was out for a walk described what happened. They said that water must have shorted the car's electrics, as its windscreen wipers and hazard lights were still on. The witness explained: "We were out for a family walk and it just happened - we were walking along and just saw the car in the canal. "It had only just happened apparently when we passed by. “We do not know whether anyone was in the water." No one was injured in the incident.