PS Plus May 2022 line-up is going live this week, with new free games available to download for PS4 and PS5 gamers. On Tuesday May 3 the PS Plus May 2022 line-up will be going live which is headlined by smash hit EA footie game FIFA 22. The latest FIFA game will be available to download with PS Plus for PS4 and PS5, and that's not the only new game PlayStation fans will be able to add to their libraries. The other games included in the May 2022 PS Plus line-up are action RPG Tribes of Midgard for the PS4 and PS5 and the roguelike Curse of the Dead Gods for the PS4. The inbound new PS Plus line-up also means time is running out to download the existing free games included with PlayStation Plus. The PS Plus April 2022 line-up features Hood: Outlaws & Legends, SpongeBob SquarePants: Battle for Bikini Bottom – Rehydrated an Slay the Spire, with today the final full day to add these PS Plus games to your games library.  Elsewhere, PS5 gamers have been warned that one essential game will soon be exiting the PS Plus Collection. The PS Plus Collection is a range of curated games that's available to PS5 gamers which have a PlayStation Plus subscription. Included in the collection are some of the best games released for the PS4 which are available to download for PS Plus subscribers on PS5 without paying a single penny. And one of these games - Persona 5 - will be exiting the PS Plus Collection on May 11. If you're a PS Plus subscriber on PS5 and want to continue playing the critically acclaimed JRPG after this date for free then you need to add P5 to your game library before the upcoming cut-off date.  Persona 5 was first released in the West in 2017 before Persona 5 Royal - an expanded version which added plenty more content as well as a whole new section after the original P5 ended - launched outside of Japan in 2020. When Persona 5 first launched Express.co.uk put it through its paces, awarding it a full five out of five marks in our review and calling it one of the best JRPGs ever made. If you want to play one of the best PlayStation exclusives from the PS4 generation then make sure you add Persona 5 to your PS5 library before the Atlus title exits the PlayStation Plus Collection on May 11. 