Georgina Rodriguez, 28, took to Instagram to announce the name of her newborn daughter with three adorable snaps. This comes after Cristiano Ronaldo, 37, and Georgina devastatingly lost their twin son at birth on April 18. Georgina made the announcement on Instagram today in view of her 37.9 million followers. She shared three adorable snaps, showing the child's growth since its birth last month. In the last picture, fans can see her asleep in her cot in hospital shortly after her birth. She captioned the post: "Bella Esmeralda 180422." READ MORE: Inside Paul O'Grady's tranquil life on his own idyllic farm Friends and social media users alike took to the post's comments to compliment the name and newborn. Alexandrapereira said: "She's so beautiful. Congratulations!" Viva7ronaldo7 added: "She's so smiley! God bless angel Bella Esmerelda!! What a beautiful name." Georgina_my_queen commented: "Omggg my heart. She's so beautiful and the name, I love it so much!" (sic) The announcement comes after the former sales assistant and Ronaldo announced that Bella's twin brother had died at birth. At the time, Cristiano took to Instagram to share the devastating news with a statement in view of his 437 million followers. It read: "It is with our deepest sadness we have to announce that our baby boy has passed away. "It is the greatest pain that any parent can feel. Only the birth of our baby girls gives us the strength to live this moment with some hope and happiness. DON'T MISS... Amanda Holden, 51, puts on sizzling display in tiny red bikini [INSTAGRAM] 'Go girl!' Danni Menzies supports Madonna's revealing photos [COMMENT] ‘Don’t care!’ Davina McCall speaks up after backlash over racy outfits [OPINION] "We would like to thank the doctors and nurses for all their expert care and support. "We are all devastated at this loss and we kindly ask for privacy at this very difficult time. Our baby boy, you are an angel. We will always love you." Following the devastating stillbirth, the couple and their other children returned home with their newborn daughter last Thursday, days after the footballer confirmed his partner had lost the child's twin brother. The Man United striker shared an update shortly after Bella made the journey back from hospital following her birth. In the Instagram picture, Ronaldo can be seen cradling his daughter while accompanied by Georgina and their other three children. He captioned the post: "Home sweet home. Gio and our baby girl are finally together with us. We want to thank everyone for all the kind words and gestures. "Your support is very important and we all felt the love and respect that you have for our family. Now it’s time to be grateful for the life that we’ve just welcomed into this world." Georgina can be seen sitting next to his eldest child Cristiano Jr, 11, and twins Eva and Mateo, four, while the couple's daughter Alana, three, sat next to her father.