Abi (played by Sally Carman) and Imran (Charlie De Melo) have been locked in a vicious custody battle over their baby son Alfie. Matters took an unexpected turn when Abi's former lawyer Elliot appeared and told her he would be representing her, despite her money from Imran running out. Elliot has explained he is unable to say who is paying him, but Coronation Street fans think they have figured out who the benefactor is.   ITV soap fans will know Alfie was born prematurely earlier this year after Abi went into labour at the side of a road following a drug binge. She had no idea she was pregnant and later realised following a one-night stand with Imran in September. Imran and Abi grew close in the wake of her late son Seb Franklin's (Harry Visinoni) murder trial which at that point saw Kelly Neelan (Millie Gibson) get sent down for murder. Kelly was in the care of Imran and his wife Toyah Battersby (Georgia Taylor) at the time. READ MORE: TalkTV's James Max shocked as caller cuts off heating to save money    Abi has been growing increasingly worried she would lose her custody battle but her partner Kevin Webster (Michael Le Vell) has been highly supportive and agreed to attend the custody hearing. The battle took a turn when Abi's former solicitor Elliot showed up and confirmed he would be able to represent her. Abi's money from Imran has been running out and Kevin has refuted that he is paying the legal fees. Coronation Street fans believe another female character could be Abi's mystery helper.  @Wee_Westie29 took to Twitter saying: "I think Kelly helped Abi by giving her some of Rick’s [Neelan] money or it was Toyah." Sally Young said: "I reckon Kelly's paid for the lawyer with her Dad's money!! #Corrie" Ryan Glendenning remarked: "I wonder if it was Kelly who helped Abi #Corrie?" Sharon said: "I think Kelly paid for Abi's solicitor #corrie."  DON'T MISS...Corrie's Suranne Jones stopped driving due to panic attacks [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Imran Habeeb betrayed in custody battle [THEORY]Coronation Street theory: Curly Watts returns to ignite feud with Dev [SPOILER] Kelly was recently given more of her loanshark dad Rick’s dodgy money, following his death, so could she be the mystery donor? Later on, a smug Imran was awarded custody of Alfie, with Abi only allowed to visit her son once a week under supervision once he was released from the hospital. A heartbroken Abi was seen telling her baby son she would always be there for him. However, some soap sleuths are convinced Imran is not the baby's father after all.  @SofaSpectator remarked: "#Corrie, I still [have] a funny feeling that Alfie is actually Kevin's son." Westie theorised: "Plot twist - Toyah and Abi are using Imran to get Alfie out of care and when he’s home, Toyah signs Alfie back over to Abi after DNA test reveal’s Alfie is Kevin’s son and thus Imran leaves." Fred added: "Looking forward to when Abi, Imran, Kevin & Toyah all find out little Alfie is actually Kevin's son." (sic) @GeorgiaBowring argued: "#Corrie I’m calling it now! Kevin is Alfie’s dad. I would have thought, before the custody case starts, a DNA test would need to be done, and if I’m not mistaken, neither Abi or Imran have ordered a DNA test?" Coronation Street continues on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV. 