While fears of nuclear war used to be a distant Cold War memory, panic has returned amid the Russian war waged on Ukraine ever since Vladimir Putin put his atomic forces on “high alert”. But in another part of the world, fears are swirling over the development of horror weapons. Experts have warned that Saudi Arabia might be working on its own nuclear capabilities as concerns grow over a new Iran nuclear deal. It appears that Riyadh has already been pushing ahead with contingency plans in the event that Iran is allowed to restart its nuclear programme. And Ludovica Castelli, a nuclear weapons expert from the University of Leicester, told Express.co.uk that "China has [already] been assisting Saudi Arabia in developing ballistic missiles". Ballistic missiles use projectile motion to deliver warheads of nuclear or conventional capacity to targets at a range of distance away. Ms Castelli continued: “In 2019, it was reported that a plant was being constructed in Saudi Arabia with Chinese assistance." But she clarified: "In 2019 the plant was identified for the first time but it was only in November 2021 that it was openly assessed that Saudi Arabia was producing ballistic missiles with Chinese assistance.  "A report by CNN argued that the US intel community knew about the plant and that Trump allegedly hid it from Congress, which was reported but with no evidence." “Then, of course, there were new satellite images suggesting Saudi Arabia could build ballistic missiles at that site, and it is actually operational right now. “Open sources suggest that Ukraine has probably provided assistance to Saudi Arabia for the production of 300-km range Grom-2 ballistic missiles.  “ And while little is known about what these weapons will be used for, evidence suggests they could be devastating. READ MORE: The NATO weapon that Putin ‘really fears’ Ms Castelli said: “At some point, there was a substantial amount of information suggesting these missiles have a 300km range, very similar to the Ukrainians’ Grom-2 ballistic missiles.“ Ukraine’s Grom-2 is a missile currently being developed that is considered a short-range ballistic missile but can strike a target of up to 280km away. Some experts have already suggested their rapid development could be crucial for Ukraine to win an all-out war with Russia. And while there may be some evidence suggesting that ballistic missiles are being produced, the exact models remain unknown. DON'T MISS Germany finally vows to 'pull out all the stops' to crush Russia [REVEAL] Energy crisis: Europe is sitting on enough gas reserves to replace ... [INSIGHT] Sweden can deploy 'more than 1,000' fighter planes to help Ukraine [REPORT] Ms Castelli said: “it is very unclear which missiles they are producing right now. They are ballistic...but the scale and the scope is still very unclear.” Currently, Saudi Arabia does not possess any weapons of mass destruction. But Saudi officials have hinted at the desire of possessing nuclear weapons to counter the nuclear ambitions of rival Iran, which is locked in a proxy war with Yemen.