Jim Dale, senior meteorologist at British Weather Services, told Express.co.uk that the high temperatures will affect the "entire country". He said that temperatures will range between 26C and 28C on May 31 and June 1, the start of meteorological summer. WXCharts has forecast temperatures of up to 26C near London and in parts of the north by June 2. Scotland will see highs of up to 23C on June 2. Meanwhile, Cardiff will reach highs of 24C. The forecaster has also predicted very little rain to fall across the week. Wind is expected to drop across the country, with maximum wind gusts reaching 6km/h. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Mr Dale said: "As we move towards the end day of May, there is a little push again from the southeast which may well warm hings up as the month changes. "There is every chance that we go back to pretty high temperatures. "In other words, not British temperatures anymore as we change month. "So this is around the 31st into the 1st, around there. READ MORE: UK hot weather forecast: 300-mile 20C European system heading to UK "And it won't just affect London, it will be the entire country. "26C, 27C, 28C as we change the month. "There is a strong possibility that we'll get to something like that, maybe the start of a heatwave." The Met Office have said that the start of June will see "above average" temperatures. DON'T MISS: Drivers may face two years in prison for driving after summer rain [INSIGHT] 'They stay away!' Simple hack to get rid of flies during heatwave [REVEAL] Europe heatwave: 'Extreme' heat to drive mercury over 40C [ANALYSIS] Its long-range forecast said: "Drier further southwest with lighter winds. Most areas becoming mainly dry through the end of May. "Into June, temperatures are likely to be above average across the south but closer to average further north. "Toward mid-June it may turn less settled across the north of the UK, bringing rain or showers, while the south may remain largely fine." Meanwhile, the BBC's long-range forecast has predicted "drier" weather across England and Wales. It said: "Into early summer we expect high pressure is across the central northern Atlantic that extends into north-west Europe. "Low pressure could be centred west of Iberia and further low-pressure systems move across northern Scandinavia. "This would bring a drier pattern across England and Wales. "Rain could follow a more seasonal pattern across Northern Ireland and Scotland. "Some windy days are possible across Scotland but it should not be on the extreme side. "Slightly above-average temperatures are forecast for most regions."