Drivers have been warned they could face fines of up to £1,000 this summer if their car is not properly ventilated in the warmer weather. And now, several Express.co.uk readers have taken to the comments section to express their fury over the “nonsense” rule. One reader commented: “This rule is utter nonsense.” Googleskimmer added: “AirCon doesn't actually ventilate anything - it conditions the air that would pass into the car if the aircon was not there. “Doubt anyone would ever be taken to Court for not running the aircon under this ‘ventilation’ law as somewhere in the chain there must be someone who understands this - but some will pay the fine as they don't.” Galeb wrote: “Yet more legislation heaped upon motorists who are now classed as public enemy number one. READ MORE: The car brands that hold their value best “My question is, how will all these stupid rules be policed? “We would have to double the number of policemen who are already under pressure.” Another reader said: “How about opening the window instead of turning the air conditioning on. “Saves the planet at the same time.” DON'T MISS Scrapping MOT could lead to 2.9million dangerous cars on UK roads [REVEAL] Drivers react to tales of charging woe [INSIGHT] Motorists face frightening ‘perfect storm’ of spiralling costs [WARNING] Markymash added: “I open the windows all the time, cheapest air con there is!!” A fifth reader commented: “A rule thought up by an ignoramus idiot?” When it comes to driving in the summer, the Highway Code has a series of guidelines - under Rule 237 - in place to ensure the safety of motorists. Failure to adhere to the guidelines could see drivers slammed with a £1,000 fine, as they “fail to have proper control” of their vehicle, according to motoring experts. As a result of this, motorists are urged to keep their vehicle “well ventilated” as the temperatures begin to rise. This is advised to ensure that drivers avoid becoming drowsy and potentially losing concentration when at the wheel. In the warmer weather, drivers are also being warned to be aware of the road surface potentially becoming soft. The same applies in the event of rain after a dry spell of weather as the road could become slippery. These conditions heavily affect the steering and braking. The Highway Code also urges drivers to be careful when driving in case they are dazzled by sunlight. Road users are recommended to slow down, and if necessary, stop driving. Although the Highway Code alone is not the law, many of its instructions have legal muscle behind them. Road users who ignore the guidelines could be punished with traffic offences so it is important that you are aware of them. The Government states: “Many of the rules in the Code are legal requirements, and if you disobey these rules you are committing a criminal offence. “You may be fined, given penalty points on your licence or be disqualified from driving. In the most serious cases you may be sent to prison.”