Netflix’s hit romance series Virgin River will finally be returning to screens in July after season three’s jaw-dropping cliffhanger. Thankfully, fans have gained some insight into what it could entail after Grayson Gurnsey, who starred as Ricky, hinted it would be an emotional one.  After moving to the small town of Virgin River from California for a fresh start, Mel Monroe (played by Alexandra Breckenridge) quickly fell in love with Jack Sheridan (Martin Henderson). Although things seemed hopeful for the couple, season three saw them break up after Jack shared that he didn’t want to have children with Mel. Jack was expecting twins with his ex-girlfriend Charmaine Roberts (Lauren Hammersley), leaving him overwhelmed. This left Mel heartbroken as she had always wanted children and was even going through IVF with her ex-husband before his death. READ MORE: Outlander’s Sam Heughan explains dangerous and ‘illegal’ kilt scene As a result, the two broke up and Mel had decided to head back to the city for a short break. During this time, she had also received a call from a fertility clinic to ask if she still wanted to go through with IVF. Although her husband had been dead for a while, Mel decided to continue with the procedure and have his baby. This decision made for an epic cliffhanger because when she eventually returned to Virgin River, Jack professed his love for her and said he wanted to work things out and start a family.  However, Mel revealed she was pregnant and it's yet to be seen if the baby was Jack’s or her dead ex-husband’s. As fans await the season four premiere, Ricky star took to Instagram to share some images from season four as well as a lengthy caption. He wrote: “You have probably already seen or heard that season 4 of [Virgin River] is coming out on [Netflix] on July 20th!! “But I just wanted to take this time to tell you that this is in my opinion the best season yet.” DON'T MISS...Escape to the Chateau’s Dick and Angel clashed on family decision [INSIGHT]NCIS LA: Chris O’Donnell’s son stopped from starring in CBS series [INSIGHT]Virgin River season 4: Preacher set for new romance as wife joins cast [THEORY] The actor continued: “I’ll be laughing and crying the whole way through. “Everyone on this project have worked their asses off to give you the best.“I am, as always, proud of this show. I hope you see it.” The hints sent fans into a frenzy as they shared their excitement about the upcoming season. An excited @elizabethhaller wrote: “I can’t wait to see season 4!!! I have a countdown going already. 66 days to go!! July 20th can’t come fast enough!”  @Cdudleym added: “So excited to see season 4.” @kerry.childers172 stated: “I've very much enjoyed the first 3 seasons and am looking forward to this one. Can't wait!” As @gasolheather90 exclaimed: “I can’t wait. Virgin River is the best series I’ve ever watched!!” Virgin River season 4 premieres on Netflix on July 20. 