Gareth Bale is being forced to explore other options after being reportedly 'rejected' by Atletico Madrid. The Wales international will leave Real Madrid at the end of June after nine years at the Santiago Bernabeu. It had been suggested that his representatives had offered him to Atletico on a free transfer as he looked for a new club. But according to El Partidazo, Madrid's city rivals 'rejected' such a deal, insisting that he does not 'come into' their plans. Bale will now have to find another club who will take his services, if he decides to not retire following Wales' World Cup play-off. Here, Daily Express Sport looks at four possible options for the winger. Tottenham His first homecoming to Spurs did not quite go as planned, but he still proved to be a solid option when called upon during his loan last season. While unlikely to play regularly, Bale can provide a game-changing option off the bench for Antonio Conte. READ MORE: Four experienced stars Tottenham could sign as Conte demands change With Spurs also back in the Champions League next season, Bale's experience of that competition and his penchant for delivering big performances in those games could be another incentive for Conte. Bringing Bale back would likely please the fans and given he is avaliable on a free transfer, would be a cost-effective move. Cardiff The move that would be a proper fairytale would be for Bale to move to the capital of his native Wales. Cardiff are undergoing a huge overhaul this summer following a disappointing campaign in the Championship. Bringing in Bale would give Steve Morrison an elite player he otherwise would not be able to attain. The Bluebirds would likely be delighted to bring in Bale, and it would be the perfect end to his club career. DON'T MISS: Bale's agent takes aim at Real Madrid and addresses retirement rumours (NEWS)Darren Bent insists he would not sign Gareth Bale for Arsenal (INSIGHT)Real Madrid ordered to 'fire' Gareth Bale after stunning Wales goals (ANALYSIS) Southampton Another fairytale move would be to return to Southampton, where Bale came through as an academy player. He spent eight years at St Mary's Stadium as both an academy player and in the senior team. Going back to the place where it started in his career could bring things full circle in a neat way for Bale. There would be questions over his suitablity to Ralph Hasenhutl's style of football, but his star power would likely outweigh those negatives. Newcastle It would a huge shock if the team that will be linked with everyone did not mount a move for Bale. The Magpies will be looking for a big name to signal their turnaround in fortunes and Bale would certainly be that. Attack is one of the areas that Eddie Howe will likely look to target this summer, given the Magpies were one of the lowest scoring teams in the top 14 of the Premier League. Bale would bring star power to complement the likes of Allan Saint-Maximin and Callum Wilson.