Beaming and chatting animatedly, the monarch, 96, who has suffered what Buckingham Palace has called episodic mobility ­problems, was on top form. The event marked the completion of the £18.9billion Crossrail project – now named after her. Her youngest son the Earl of Wessex had been listed to attend the opening at Paddington station but organisers knew there was a chance the Queen might be able to join guests, including Prime Minister Boris Johnson and London Mayor Sadiq Khan. It became clear she was attending when an hour and quarter before Prince Edward, 58, was due to arrive, Transport for London ­officials removed the plaque ­saying he opened the line. They replaced it with one eight inches lower, to take account of her height, saying the line had been opened by the Queen, who after unveiling a plaque was given an Oyster card, topped up with £5, and shown how to use it. Customer assistant Kofi Duah, 24, said: “She asked, ‘Where can it take you to?’ I said, ‘It can take you on all the lines, from Paddington to Abbey Wood.’” The Queen declined to ride one of the new trains, instead ­returning to Buckingham Palace for lunch while Edward became the first passenger, ­travelling to Tottenham Court Road and back. After she left Paddington Mr Johnson said: “We were all incredibly touched and moved and grateful to Her Majesty for coming to open the Elizabeth Line today. It was fantastic to see her.” The Queen, who walked with a stick, wore her Singapore brooch with a Stewart Parvin coat and matching Rachel Trevor-Morgan hat with a silk dress in yellow, royal blue and turquoise. She was welcomed by Mr Johnson, Mr Khan and Transport Secretary Grant Shapps before meeting staff. The Prime Minister hailed it as a great day all round. He said: “It was wonderful to see her Majesty open it in such fine form. “I really think line this will bring people back to mass transit, bring people back into their places of work.” The Elizabeth Line, which opens to passengers on Tuesday, will boost capacity and cut ­journey times. The line will stretch from Reading and Heathrow airport, in west London, to Shenfield, in Essex, and Abbey Wood, in ­south-east London. There will be 24 nine-car trains running hourly in the central ­section, each carrying up to 1,500 passengers. Trains will operate in three sections, which are due to be integrated in the autumn.