Britain’s decision to leave the European Union (EU) in 2016 ended a 47 year-long membership but largely came as a result of discontent with EU laws uniting the 27 member states. However, Britain hasn’t been the only country to voice dissatisfaction over the years. Hungary and Poland have most recently been tipped as next to leave due to certain judicial reforms and funding cuts, although bookmakers have been pricing up three additional countries that could follow. Dissenting voices on membership inhabit many EU countries, with parties on both the left and right-wing expressing continuous dismay over a number of decisions made by Brussels. But, despite the EU’s wider laws being unanimously agreed upon by member states, they still stir controversy among countries causing a few to threaten to leave over the years. Most recently, the EU’s Covid recovery response plans increased tensions with Hungary and Poland late last year, who vetoed the initial package. In October 2021, the Supreme Court of Poland ruled parts of EU law, which all member states must primarily follow, were incompatible with the Polish Constitution warning a "drastic solution" if the EU failed to cooperate.  READ MORE:Fears UK will be dumping ground for cheap foreign food as prices soar  Hungary has been inciting further tensions due to fund allocation principles. But these aren’t the only two countries tipped to potentially follow in Britain’s footsteps by leaving the Union. Here are the recent bookmaker’s current favourites for the “Next country to leave the European Union”. Italy is the current favourite to join Britain in its departure.  The country seems to increasingly be at odds with the rules passed through the EU and has been the favourite to leave the Union since the market was created. Poland heavily relies on coal as its main source of electricity generation - around 70 percent of it to be more precise. Subsequently, many miners are angered with the greener and sustainable direction the EU is heading in, which will consequently filter down to Poland’s laws and regulations. If these greener decisions directly impact the miners, it could see the Polish government defy the EU over the rules, which could edge the country closer to a referendum. DON'T MISS: 'Putting us at risk' EU's plot to take Britain 'backwards' slammed [ANALYSIS]'Stupid idiots with no sense of history' Union flag Jubilee row [EXPLAINED]Rolling Stones' legend Mick Jagger laments at Brexit 'nightmare' [INSIGHT]     Like Poland, Greece is tipped 6/1 on the chances of it leaving the EU. An interesting result, considering Greece’s monetary reliance on the Union, as it notably bailed the country out when it suffered an economic downturn. The new austerity measures imposed as a result, which would see minimum wages slashed and job cuts, are heightening hostility from the public towards the EU. Many issues are currently spurring citizens of the Czech Republic to oppose the European Union, including refugees, the Euro and climate change, thus boosting this country up in the bookmaker’s odds to leave. Although the nation appears to be widely divided between the pros and cons of membership and the benefits it can bring, bookmakers have increasingly shortened the odds.   Finally, Hungary is the final country to make the top five most likely to depart list according to the bookies. The current Hungarian President Viktor Orban has voiced most dissent with the Union. Despite Hungary seeming to have largely benefited from membership, friction has recently stirred around how to spend the EU money it receives, open borders and immigration, among other various legislation imposed by the EU. Hungary passed a controversial law banning LGBTQ content from being taught in schools, which was simultaneously denounced by the EU. In response, Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte said: "For me, Hungary has no place in the EU anymore". 