Arsenal are just hours away from making a transfer move Bologna star Aaron Hickey. The defender is set to replace Nuno Tavares after a miserable debut campaign at the Emirates. Arsenal are rushing ahead with a move for Bologna ace Hickey, which could reportedly be completed in the next few hours. The two clubs have a fine relationship after their dealings last summer. The Gunners have made signing a left-back one of their ambitions ahead of the transfer window at the end of the season after a torrid campaign from Tavares. The Portugal Under-21 international only signed last year from Benfica for around £8million. But it has been a season to forget from the left-back, who has failed to acclimatise to the Premier League. Tavares has often felt the wrath of Mikel Arteta over the year, who was subbed off after 33 minutes against Nottingham Forest in the FA Cup in January. The injury problems to Kieran Tierney have not even helped the 22-year-old's cause with Granit Xhaka and Takehiro Tomiyasu being used ahead of him despite neither being specialists in the position. And Arteta is moving quickly to find a replacement already. According to Corriere di Bologna, via Sport Witness , Hickey has been identified to come in and fill Tavares' boots and there is a £17m offer on the table. That is enough to clinch a deal for the 19-year-old, who has been in exceptional form this campaign. Napoli have also registered an interest in the Glasgow-born ace while the teenager is well aware of the speculation surrounding his future. It is further stated that Arsenal are just hours away from making first contact with Hickey over a summer transfer. The Gunners have a brilliant relationship with Bologna, giving them a further boost, having clinched a deal for Tomiyasu last year. Arteta is desperate to bolster his squad further despite a huge squad overhaul in the summer. His spending might just have paid off, though, with Arsenal on the verge of returning to the Champions League after a five-year absence. But that will not quell the splashing of cash in north London. A striker is the top priority amid reports that Manchester City star Gabriel Jesus is being courted. While a midfielder is also high on the agenda while Leicester ace Youri Tielemans appears to be the main target.