  Claudia Winkleman, 50, compared her approach to beauty with that of her co-star Tess Daly, 53. The Strictly Come Dancing host described the model’s visage as “flawless” in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk.      Claudia recently teamed up with her co-star Tess to promote Boots No7 Pro Derm Scan. The futuristic new diagnostic service aims to give customers accurate skincare and cosmetic recommendations based on a super close-up scan of their skin. During the interview, Claudia was asked how Tess’ approach compares to her own. While the star always looks exceedingly glam on Strictly every week, she admitted that her former fashion model friend was the person to call for beauty tips and tricks. READ MORE: Rebekah Vardy's future 'in tatters' after ‘complete disaster’ trial     “It could not be further from…” Claudia said, comparing their contrasting attitudes. “So Tess is, number one, utterly beautiful. Right? She’s like a supermodel with this flawless skin,” she continued. Tess and Claudia have been presenting Strictly together since 2010, with Claudia taking over from the late Sir Bruce Forsyth to become the main presenter in 2014.      Speaking about how her and Tess might be compared, Claudia continued: “I don’t mind. It’s fine, I get it. I get my role, right? “But she (Tess) has flawless skin and swishy hair and she loves a product. “If you talk to Tess, just casually ask: ‘What’s your take on the Number Seven serum?’ “And she will give you 15 minutes. She loves a product! It’s not that I don’t like a product - I’m just a bit rubbish.” READ MORE... Matthew Perry has ‘always been in love’ with Friends co-star Courteney [NEWS] Joan Collins looks younger than 89 as she bares toned shoulders [NEWS] Kate Moss says Johnny Depp 'didn't push me' [TRIAL UPDATE]      Claudia went on to explain how Tess often comes to the rescue in her hour of need. “Tess looks after me,” she explained. “When we’re at Strictly I go: ‘What’s this? Why have I got this? Why have I got that?’ “She goes, ‘Babe you want a bit of cream to take that down.’ She just knows. She’s just an expert.” Speaking about the slick new scanning process at Boots UK, Claudia shared her thoughts on her own skin scan results.      “I thought it was gonna hurt and it didn't - and it was really quick,” she revealed excitedly. “And bearing in mind I've got like minus 15 eyesight, I've never seen anything that close up in my life. “They said I needed moisturiser, but they were quite pleased with me! I got lots of greens, which I remember being pleased about.” Claudia Winkleman is partnering with No7 to celebrate the launch of Pro Derm Scan, an in-store personalised consultation service with a No7 Beauty Advisor to help you see and understand your skin. Available now in selected Boots stores.  