Howard Cox, the head of Fair Fuel UK appeared on Nigel Farage’s GB News show and had some forthright opinions about the current state of petrol and diesel in the UK. He told the outspoken host he believes petrol stations are using diesel to “rip off motorists”. This week saw the price of both petrol and diesel hit historic highs yet again, while the Government refused to levy a windfall tax on oil giants making billions. Mr Cox quoted RAC figures as he said “Today's diesel wholesale price is 8p less than petrol but as you know it's 14p more, there's a 23p difference.” He added that he believes the apparent lack of availability of fuel is being used as a “cash cloud” to rip motorists off. He continued: “They’re using that as their cash cloud to rip us off easily. Petrol is not so profitable at the moment, in fact some areas I understand they’re losing money in the forecourts. READ MORE: Sadiq Khan plans to 'punish drivers' by expanding ULEZ across London “But why are they doing this? What we want is transparency and fair pricing. “When you drive into garages and hear that oil prices have gone up or gone down, you have no idea what the price is going to be at the pumps.” Ministers have been urged again to consider reducing VAT on fuel costs and introducing fuel rebate schemes. Chancellor Rishi Sunak’s 5p cut on fuel duty back in March has done little to ease the burden on the public. DON'T MISSDrivers will regret choosing hybrids over electric cars [WARNING]Driver fined £100 for staying in car park for just four minutes [SHOCKING]Drivers 'need support' after huge diesel law changes as costs spike [INSIGHT] SNP MP Joanna Cherry told the Commons this week: “We all know that petrol and diesel prices have hit record highs and now the prospect of an embargo on Russian oil means they could increase further. “Many of my Edinburgh south-west constituents are struggling to fill up their tanks for essential use. “The RAC has called on the Chancellor to reduce VAT on fuel costs and many EU countries operate essential user fuel rebate schemes. “Can the minister tell me what discussions he’s had with the Chancellor about employing similar schemes and similar cuts in the United Kingdom?” Transport minister Andrew Stephenson replied: “I know (Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng) recently wrote to fuel companies to ensure that was being passed on. “Treasury ministers continue to keep this matter under review and DfT (Department for Transport) ministers continue to have regular conversations with Treasury ministers about the importance of ensuring that motoring remains affordable to motorists.” But Foreign Secretary Liz Truss this week told Sky News she doesn’t feel a windfall tax on the likes of BP and Shell is on the cards. She said: "The problem with a windfall tax is it makes it difficult to attract future investment into our country - so there is a cost in imposing a tax like that.” She added: "My view is that lower taxes are the best way to attract more investment - to get the businesses into this country that can create these high-paid jobs, which is what we need to face down these global headwinds." Challenged over the recent admission by BP's boss Bernard Looney that a windfall tax would not halt its investment plans, she said: "Well then he can do more if he's got more profits that have been raised during this period." Luke Bosdet, the AA’s fuel price spokesperson, commented on chancellor Rishi Sunak’s fuel duty cut earlier in the year and what it will mean for drivers in the future. He said: “Despite his best efforts, the Chancellor must feel like King Canute having tried to reverse the tide of rising pump prices.“At least though, he can say that UK drivers would be £2.75 a tank even more worse off now had he not tried to take action in March."