Reiss Jarvis, who starred in Murdered for Being Different on the BBC, died in a horror car crash alongside the speeding driver. The actor, who was just 21 years old, suffered “unsurvivable” injuries. His death occurred in November 2021, but details about the accident have only just emerged in an inquest. The inquest heard Reiss was killed after the speeding driver “lost control” in Delph, Oldham, and crashed into a tree. Their car continued down an embankment, with the two men trapped inside, and a passerby called the emergency services. Reiss had been sitting in the front passenger seat of the Mazda 3, and he was pulled out of the vehicle but pronounced dead at the scene. Driver Karl Young was taken to hospital, but medical professionals were unable to save his life and he later died from his injuries. The two men were returning to Oldham after visiting a fish shop in Marsden, West Yorkshire, in the early hours of the morning of November 10, the inquest at Rochdale Coroner's Court heard. Police Sergeant Neil Pennington from GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit told the inquest that an analysis of the airbag indicated the car had been travelling at 110mph seconds before it crashed. When it crashed, it was going 58mph, and the speed limit is 50mph, he said. There is no indication other vehicles were involved, and Young was not impaired by drugs or alcohol, the inquest heard. Pathologist Dr Abdul Ganjifrockwala determined Reiss’ cause of death was "multiple fatal injuries as a result of a road traffic collision". He played Michael Gorman in Murdered for Being Different in 2017, which told the true story of Sophie Lancaster, who was beaten to death in 2007 because she was a goth. Reiss’ father, Darryl Jarvis, described him as "the life and soul of the party". DON'T MISS...Bill Turnbull reacts to Deborah James' fight amid his cancer battle [TWITTER] Monty Don sparks frenzy as he announces 'perfect' new family arrival [UPDATE] Dan Walker issues apology over Strictly partner Nadiya's warning [ADMISSION] His friend Keiran Ackers told Manchester Evening News the young actor was “one in a million”. He said: "I’ve known him for years. My mum moved away when I was younger and without him I would have had nowhere else to go, he put a roof over my head. “He did not deserve this. He was one of the nicest guys you could meet. It’s only the best that get taken away. “He was one in a million. There was only one Reiss Jarvis - legend. "He was loved by so many and hated by none. He was my best mate, my right-hand man.” A GMFRS spokesperson said at the time: "At 20:43 hours on 10 November 2021, two fire engines from Oldham and Mossley, and a technical response unit with support appliance from Ashton-under-Lyne, attended a road traffic collision involving one vehicle on Huddersfield Road, Delph, Oldham. "There were two casualties involved and firefighters used one hose reel, specialist cutting equipment, rope rescue equipment, and a winch to extract one casualty from the vehicle. "Crews were in attendance for over five hours."