Matchmaking in boxing can often be a long and arduous mission, but Mike Tyson doesn't need a second thought to decide whether he would fight Jake Paul. 'The Problem Child' has named Tyson as one of the names he hopes to face when he makes his boxing comeback, which is expected to take place on August 13. 'Iron Mike' retired from the professional sport in 2005 but donned his gloves for an exhibition draw against Roy Jones Jr. in 2020. The finances would have to fit in order for him to come back again, but when asked by host Bill Maher whether he would face Paul during a recent appearance on the Club Random podcast, the 55-year-old replied: "Absolutely." "I’m going to call him [Paul] sometime on Friday and we’re going to talk," added Tyson, suggesting the bout could soon become a more serious proposition. Despite his age and the fact he's been retired for almost two decades, the 50-6-2 fighter would be by far the most credentialled opponent Paul has faced to date. Paul, 25, finished fellow social media personality 'AnEsonGib' and ex-NBA athlete Nate Robinson in 2020. He then knocked out former UFC fighter Ben Askren in less than two minutes before clinching back-to-back wins over ex-UFC welterweight champion Tyron Woodley. READ MORE Dmitry Bivol apologises to Golovkin after Canelo Alvarez's immediate reaction to defeat  One major obstacle in the matter could be agreeing on weight considering Paul has consistently fought at around 190lbs, while Tyson weighed 220lbs for his bout with Jones Jr.. That being said, the former has indicated he'd be willing to move up to heavyweight in order to sanction a fight against Tyson, which he believes could be worth $300million (£243m). YouTuber Paul is slowly cementing himself as a credible boxing threat, even though he's yet to face a current professional in the sport. His December knockout of Woodley was particularly devastating, however, and Tyson appeared eager not to underestimate a potential foe. "I don't even look at him the way, I can't even say what they call him," Tyson continued. "Yeah, he's a fighter. But they don't want to credit him as being a fighter. Because he's f***ing white with blue eyes and blonde hair. DON'T MISS Kell Brook announces retirement after Amir Khan win despite Chris Eubank Jr fight talks Tyson Fury makes retirement dig after revealing tough training schedule is still going Muhammad Ali's grandson Nico Ali Walsh manages brutal knockout win then does 'Ali Shuffle'  "I don't know, white people hate blue eyes and blonde hair, everybody wants to kill them. But he can fight. That's his thing, everybody wants to kick his a*s. Every nationality wants to kick his a*s." The former heavyweight king piled on the praise for Paul, adding the ex-Disney actor was a "great promoter" and a "great salesman." Even if much of his allure comes from the fact he, as Tyson put it, "p***es everybody off."