Pruning in spring makes way for more growth and helps to encourage more flowers, foliage and colourful stems on a wide range of plants. Although, it can be difficult to remember the techniques required to do a good job, and it’s hard to know if you’re doing it right. It is important for gardeners to research how to prune each plant before they set about pruning it. Gardening-Guru at Miracle-Gro, Kate Turner spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk on why it is essential to prune plants and top tips for effectively carrying out the task. She said: “Pruning will help your plants grow nicer and healthier flowers and fruits, as well as helping prevent disease. “Pruning encourages flowers and fruit to grow as the plant will branch out rather than heading skywards and at the same time will produce more buds along those side shoots. “It will also help prevent windrock (when the plant is moved around a lot and breaks the hair responsible for taking in nutrients.” When pruning Kate urges gardeners to “always remember the 3D’s”. READ MORE: Gardening tips: ‘Best time of day’ to water your garden plants These are areas of the plant that are “dead, diseased and damaged” - this helps gardeners know what to check for when they are pruning. The expert said: “Always start by removing these first and you will increase your confidence as well as keeping your plants healthy.” To prune effectively gardeners also need the “right tools” for the job. Kate said: “Secateurs are great for stems that are roughly a finger width, anything larger should be removed with loppers or a pruning saw. “Keep your tools sharp and clean as you can spread disease between plants. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to remove yellow pillow stains - ‘easiest way’ [TIPS]Pests: How to keep insects out of the house using ‘strong smells’  [EXPERT]Lawn care: How to improve the appearance of grass - ‘inexpensive’ [INSIGHT] “A quick wipe with a disinfectant cloth between plants helps prevent spread of disease.” The gardening pro warned gardeners to “never” cut too much when pruning. She said: “Never take more than a third off a plant each year if it has got too big as you can send it into shock.” Pruning removes stems and leaves, which are two main sources of food for the plant – carbohydrates are stored in wood, while leaves produce their own carbohydrates when they photosynthesise. Removing too much material at once can result in die back of the roots and it may take several years for the tree to recover. What’s more, if you prune out the leader (known as ‘topping’), the plant can go into shock and put on lots of leafy growth at the expense of flowers and fruit. Instead the gardening expert suggests cutting “just above the but”. She said: “Cut at an angle, just above a bud but – make sure you don’t cut right above it as it can cause rotting. “Aim for a goblet shape, especially with apple trees and some roses as this helps let in light and air circulation which in turn keeps the plant healthy. “Many spring flowering shrubs can be pruned right after flowering. “For plants that flower a bit later in the season, they can be pruned quite hard back in early spring.” Kate also advised gardeners to “feed, water and mulch” their plants after pruning. She said: “Always feed, water and mulch after a heavy pruning session especially fruit trees and roses. “I would recommend using the Miracle-Gro Premium Rose & Shrub Continuous Release Plant Food or the Miracle-Gro All Purpose Concentrated Liquid Plant Food.” If gardeners are in any doubt, they should do some research and for a large tree or shrub always consult a qualified tree surgeon.