Richard Keys has professed to having doubts about Manchester City's signing of Erling Haaland due to Jadon Sancho's poor first season at Manchester United. Sancho completed a long-awaited move to Old Trafford last summer, but has struggled to adapt to the Premier League. He had previously formed a formidable partnership with Haaland at Borussia Dortmund, but has been unable to transfer that form to the Red Devils. And those struggles have left Keys feeling like Haaland still has much to prove, having been signed by City for £51.1million. "In an open market place, he's probably worth what £120m? He might be [young], but so was Jadon Sancho and he's done nothing in his first year at Manchester United. I still think, it's not a gamble, but we're into the unknown here," he told beIN Sports. "I don't think he has yet proven that he is the real deal. Aguero let's not forget had a very difficult time when he first started working with Guardiola, Jesus was preferred. All I'm saying is Jadon Sancho came in as wonder boy, £80m and has done nothing. READ MORE: Liverpool told to react to Haaland deal with their own mega signing "I just think he has got some work to do and that the jury is having a conversation. He's had what one move, two moves. I would put to you the counter argument that is Sebastian Haller, who has done really well in the Champions League this year, but didn't do very well in the Premier League. I think the boy has got something yet to prove." City announced the signing of Haaland on Tuesday, with the Norwegian linking up with his new club at the end of the season. He has scored 28 goals in just 29 games in all competitions for Dortmund this term, despite seeing his campaign disrupted by injury. DON'T MISS: Man City's Erling Haaland deal draws comical post by Aymeric Laporte (NEWS)Ronaldo prediction made for Haaland as Carragher lauds Man City move (INSIGHT)Dortmund announce Adeyemi deal just hours after Haaland Man City exit (TRANSFERS) Haaland will hope that he does not follow in the footsteps of Sancho, who has struggled badly at United. The Englishman has scored just five goals and notched only three assists during a dismal campaign. The move has obviously not gone as United hoped when they paid Dortmund £73m to sign him last summer. His debut season in the Premier League will serve as a warning to Haaland, with Keys left unsure of the striker.