Manchester United are reportedly willing to sell Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Eric Bailly as Erik ten Hag has neither player in his plans ahead of next season. Both stars have struggled for game time under interim head coach Ralf Rangnick and United seem set to upgrade at both right-back and centre-back. Wan-Bissaka joined United from Crystal Palace for a whopping £50million in 2019. However, the 24-year-old’s attacking frailties have seen Diogo Dalot preferred under Rangnick. Ten Hag is known to prefer full-backs who advance forward with as much quality as they show in the defensive third. Wan-Bissaka is not thought to fit the profile of the Dutchman’s preferred style. Fellow defender Bailly’s United career has seemed up for some time. A £30m arrival under Jose Mourinho in 2016, the 28-year-old has played in just four Premier League matches this season. JUST IN: Tuchel explains how Chelsea are falling further in transfer market United are keen to offload Wan-Bissaka on a permanent deal but will consider a loan if there is a genuine option or obligation to buy included in negotiations, according to Sky Sports News. Former club Palace retain an interest in re-signing the player, Express Sport understands. Transfer guru Fabrizio Romano adds that United have a similar stance over Bailly’s future. The Ivory Coast international has found himself relegated to Rangnick’s fourth-choice centre-back and will seek a fresh start somewhere else. It comes after Ten Hag arrived in England this week to begin preparations ahead of what will be a busy summer transfer window for United. A failure to qualify for the Champions League under Rangnick means they face strong competition for their transfer targets. DON'T MISS...What Man Utd think about Maguire and Varane ahead of Ten Hag eraMan Utd reach conclusion after ‘investigating’ leaks under RangnickManchester United already happy with Erik ten Hag and ‘important step'  Wan-Bissaka and Bailly could be just two of a relatively large exodus of current stars. United will likely need to raise funds if they are to complete all of Ten Hag’s preferred business. Midfielders Paul Pogba and Jesse Lingard will depart when their contracts expire at the end of June. Pogba has been widely linked with Juventus and Paris Saint-Germain, while Lingard will have plenty of options in the Premier League and abroad. United have been linked with several players who fit Ten Hag’s style of play. His former Ajax ace Frenkie de Jong, who now plays for Barcelona, is one player suggested as a potential signing. The hitch is that De Jong would probably cost around £75m, according to wide-ranging reports. Barca boss Xavi is understood to like the midfielder but could sanction a departure. 