Appearing on BBC’s Rip off Britain, the pair issued a warning about fraudulent and dangerous online adverts. Clare and Darren had lived in Benidorm with their two children, working in care and as a DJ respectively. However, when work dried up due to the coronavirus pandemic, the family decided to move back to the UK. Darren temporarily stayed with his parents while hundreds of miles away Clare and the children had moved in with her parents. The separation was hard for the family to bear, and they decided to search for a temporary flat to move into to provide the children with a routine. Turning to Facebook Marketplace, they found a smartly presented three bedroom, two bathroom apartment in Southend. Clare explained: “The flat looked immaculate. It was somewhere I’d be proud to live.  DON'T MISSBoris shamed over Elsie, 77, forced to stay on bus for warmth [VIDEO]DWP update on how state pension may be impacted by Carer’s Allowance [INSIGHT]Pension chaos as inflation could dent your pot by £7,000 [ANALYSIS]  “We had several conversations with the owner, who was delighted to have a decent family to live there. “We had absolutely no suspicion whatsoever. We were so excited to be back together as a family, very excited to be there.” The owner explained she had used Airbnb to rent out the property in the past, directing them towards the former listing. However, when it came to the crunch, the owner asked for a bank transfer of the deposit and two months worth of rent. Excited to move into their new home, and confident everything checked out, Clare and Darren made the transfer and started a four and a half hour drive to meet one another. When they arrived at the property, there was no sign of the owner or the Airbnb representative she had promised would be there to meet them. After several hours, the worried Clare called Airbnb head offices directly. She said: “The poor gentleman on the phone had to break the news to me. “He said, ‘There’s no easy way to tell you this, but you’ve been scammed’. “I broke down, I completely broke down, and I had to run away around the corner so the kids didn’t see. I then had to walk back around the corner to tell Darren, his parents and our children that we had nowhere to live. “At first the children didn’t know what was going on, but I was a complete mess and I don’t like the children to see me like that.” The Airbnb representative attempted to calm the fraught Clare down as she relayed her concerns. The advert seemed legitimate, however, the person Clare had been speaking to was a scammer with no connection to the real flat. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea It appeared they had copied the listing and put it on Facebook Marketplace as bait for a scam. The couple were now “penniless and homeless”, understandably worried about their future, Gloria Hunniford said. Desperate for help, the couple contacted the local council to see what could be done. With most of their savings now in the hands of the scammers, they were placed into a local hostel while they tried to get back on their feet. Reflecting on their experience, the couple stood outside what should have been their home. Darren remarked: “As I stand here now, I’m filled with anger, shaking with anger and tears. “It makes you think how things could have been different, if we did get into the place how our life would have been.” Airbnb said they had not provided the support that met its usual standards when Clare got in touch. To help make things right, the organisation said it has offered a gesture of goodwill to reimburse the couple for the money they lost, adding: "Bad actors operating on third party websites have nothing to do with Airbnb.” Facebook told Express.co.uk: "We’re sorry to hear people are being misled in this way. We don’t want fraudulent activity on our platforms, and we continue to invest in people and technology to remove scams. "We urge people to report any suspicious listings, accounts or posts to us and the Police, so that we can take action. We’ve also donated £3 million to Citizens Advice to deliver a UK Scam Action Programme to help victims and joined Stop Scams UK to help identify and remove scams at the source." Express.co.uk has contacted Airbnb asking for comment.