The figures come shortly after another poll showing a sharp drop in support for the royals – down from 75 percent 10 years ago to 60 percent today. We all know the Queen is the most popular royal by a mile, so after the succession of King Charles we can expect those numbers to fall off a cliff. It’s all looking grim for the monarchy. Eight of the remaining Commonwealth realms are in the Caribbean, and all of them are likely to become republics over the next decade. Australia has just elected a pro-republic prime minister and parliament, and it’s likely that after addressing the recognition of Aborigine Australians in the constitution the question of a republic will be back on the agenda. In Canada, historically the most loyal of the realms, support for a republic is now comfortably over 50 percent. Other monarchies are also in trouble, with the Dutch and Spanish royals facing criticism and falling poll ratings. The world is moving on and the idea of royalty is being left behind. And so it should be. In the UK the royals are embroiled in scandal after scandal, whether it’s accusations of racism, cash-for-access or the never-ending Prince Andrew saga in which he remains accused of serious offences. It’s not wonder people under 30 want the monarchy gone.   People are also increasingly aware of the failures of our political system, a system at the head of which is the monarch. Instead of being a steadying figure who can keep politicians in check, the Queen can and will only do what she’s told by the prime minister. She really can’t do anything else, which is why we need an independent, effective and elected head of state who can exercise limited constitutional powers. Whether its shifting cultural and social values, political crises or the failures of the royals, the tide is turning against the monarchy. With William just turning 40 it could be another 60 years before Prince George ascends to the throne, by then already approaching old age. Are we really meant to believe that the country will sit back and watch a succession of old men inherit the job of head of state into the next century? I don’t think so. My bet is that the monarchy will be long gone well before George gets close to becoming King. 