However, after Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine on February 24 2022, much of what we had was destroyed by rockets, mines, bullets and cannons. Russia will have to pay for this as much will have to be rebuilt from scratch. Let’s take the healthcare sector, for example. Of the 1186 medical institutions in Ukraine, 40 have been completely destroyed, and as many as 400 simply cannot function anymore. These are maternity care and medical care centres, hospitals, operating rooms, etc. In total, Russia has destroyed more than a third of all medical institutions of the country with its missiles. I have no doubt that this is deliberate targeting of our healthcare. The money required to rebuild from this damage is simply incredible. It’s hard to make any concrete estimations now, but already the cost has already spiralled beyond hundreds of billions of pounds, and the war is not over. Of course, the question is: who should pay for all the damage? To me, Russian oligarchs are the first in line. Let's start with the basics: there is no business elite as a class in Russia. What we are used to seeing is simply absent inside our invader. There is not one single big businessman, judging by entrepreneurial categories. There is very little capital circulating freely in Russia’s internal market. This is especially noticeable against the backdrop of the sanctions imposed against the Russian Federation. If Russian oligarchs were at least one tenth businesspeople, we would already see mass protests and marches against Putin's war. We would have seen media campaigns, workers' protests, and an active position taken by the oligarchs themselves. But they are not, never were, and never will be actual businesspeople. That is because "business" in Russia is not independent from the regime. No one is an individual player in such a huge and corrupt system. These people are Putin's wallets and cronies, not market representatives. Therefore, they are silent when the sanctions knock the market out from under their feet, although real businessmen would have already taken the necessary actions to prevent the inevitable. Based on this, it makes no sense to consider Russian oligarchs as businessmen – they are just a screen behind which Putin's stolen billions and trillions are kept. And in this matter, the UK plays a crucial role. Most of the sanctioned Russian oligarchs live or have lived or have close ties to Britain. They own football clubs, luxury housing, planes, cars, palaces and impressive bank accounts in the UK. It is their money that should be seized to fund the restoration of Ukraine in the first instance and not the money of British taxpayers. During the last Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe (in which, of course, the UK is an active member), my amendment demanding the confiscation of the property of the Russian citizens, and first of all oligarchs close to Putin in favour of Ukraine was adopted. So now it’s important to find these assets, freeze them and confiscate them in favour of Ukraine. It was not the British and Americans who destroyed our hospitals and roads. All this was done by the Russians. According to the laws of war, reparations are always paid by the losing side. And according to the laws of the civilized world, Russia has long lost. Let's start the reparation payment process with its oligarchs. Oleksiy Goncharenko is a Ukrainian politician, chairman of the Odessa Regional Council and leader of the public organization Quality of Life.