Tottenham's board members are not entirely convinced that re-appointing Mauricio Pochettino would be a wise decision if Antonio Conte leaves the club in the near future, according to reports. Pochettino has been heavily linked with a return to north London over the last few weeks amid claims that Conte could ditch Spurs in order to replace the Argentine coach at Paris Saint-Germain next season. Tottenham are said to have explored the idea of bringing Pochettino back to the club but have also been linked with a number of other potential managerial targets, including the likes of Graham Potter and Roberto Mancini, in recent weeks. It seems as though they could ultimately decide to overlook the PSG boss if Conte walks away before the start of next season due to concerns over whether his return would be a smart move for the club, according to The Telegraph.It is claimed that the possibility of Levy chasing Pochettino's signature cannot be ruled out, although such a move is thought to be unlikely at this present time due to Potter having emerged as Tottenham's main target over the course of this season. The Brighton and Hove Albion boss was initially linked with the top job at Spurs last summer before Nuno Espirito Santo was eventually appointed and subsequently replaced by Conte back in November.Tottenham director Fabio Paratici is believed to be a keen admirer of Potter's style of play and has been left impressed by the 46-year-old's work at Brighton since he replaced Chris Hughton at the helm back in 2019. It remains to be seen whether he will eventually be snapped up by Spurs if Conte opts to seek a new challenge away from the club between now and the start of next season. JUST IN: Kylian Mbappe ‘to decide next club in June’ amid Real Madrid interest The Italian coach is now said to be considering his future at Tottenham and will reportedly hold talks with Daniel Levy in order to find a solution that suits all parties at the end of the season. He is expected to inform Levy that he needs between six and eight new signings in order to mount a renewed top-four challenge in the Premier League at the next time of asking and has already underlined his desire to spend heavily in the upcoming summer transfer window.Conte signed a two-year deal upon his arrival at Tottenham to keep him tied down until the end of next season, but it seems possible that he could decide to jump ship if Levy fails to convince him to stay over the coming weeks and months. He insisted on Friday that he would be more than happy to commit his future to Spurs if he was guaranteed the same working environment that Jurgen Klopp benefits from at Liverpool when next season gets underway. "I don’t know, but if I was sure this type of situation can happen, I sign," Conte told reporters. "But also the time for Liverpool [when Klopp joined] was easier than now. "When Liverpool started this work with Jurgen, they were a top team but not in a way they are now, so consolidated with an important manager, always the same team, big investment, big money spent on the transfer market."They had also the right space to improve and reach this. Now, in my opinion, I am talking about this league, it is more difficult because the space is not so big. To reduce this gap, you need to spend a lot of money because you need to buy important players, you have to know this otherwise you cannot reduce this gap and hope always for a miracle." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here