The pressure could be back on Max Verstappen and Red Bull this weekend with Ferrari set to take to the track in Barcelona with new upgrades. After a strong start to the season for the Scuderia, and in particular Charles Leclerc, the last two races in Imola and Miami have belonged to Verstappen. The Dutchman's latest victory in America cut Leclerc's championship lead to 19 points, and dispelled the notion of the Monegasque driver running away with the title. In the constructors' standings, it's the Italian giants who hold a slender six-point lead over Red Bull as the two teams continue to set the pace. But the tide could be about to turn again in Spain. With drivers and mechanics now having had five races to get used to this new era of F1, with cars specially adapted to adhere to stringent regulations, vehicle upgrades are now expected to come in play. And sure enough, Italian newspaper La Gazetta dello Sport has reported Ferrari will travel to Spain with a new floor for their F1-75 cars. In addition, they will also travel with a package containing other solutions to benefit Leclerc and teammate Carlos Sainz. JUST IN: Ex-McLaren mechanic reveals engineers 'fought not to work on Lewis Hamilton's car' The new floor has already been tested during a testing session in Monza, with Team Principal Mattia Binotto receiving clearance from the FIA over compliance. Most significantly, Gazzetta also reports that the upgrades could potentially provide a gain of three to four tenths per lap, which would put serious pressure on Verstappen's quest to further eat into Leclerc's lead. Following the inaugural Miami race, Binotto hinted at advancements in time for this weekend: “In the next races it will be at least our turn to try to develop as much as we can the car by introducing upgrades," he said. “I think it’s not a surprise that we may have a package in Barcelona which will be important for us." DON'T MISS:Lewis Hamilton to get what he wants as Toto Wolff finds Mercedes 'answers' in breakthroughLewis Hamilton warned wearing jewellery risks 'years of agony' as GPDA boss sides with FIAGeorge Russell brands Mercedes boss Toto Wolff's 'diva' comment an 'understatement'  It has been 15 years since Ferrari boasted a world champion. Back in 2007, it was Kimi Raikkonen who prevailed in dramatic fashion, edging out then McLaren driver Lewis Hamilton in the final race of the season. However, their start in 2022, which saw Leclerc win two of the opening three races in Bahrain and then Australia, has raised hopes of ending that drought. Sainz however, has endured a mixed campaign, currently lying fifth.