Meghan Markle is the subject of Tom Bower's upcoming book. The content of the book remains a mystery, but royal expert Neil Sean has raised questions over if Meghan's first husband, Trevor Engelson, could speak to the author's latest project that sets to reveal the truth about the former Suits actress. Speaking on his YouTube channel, Mr Sean claimed: "As he [Tom Bower] said, you know, a lot of people were willing to go on record and speak, many without being paid, we might point out as well. "This must be terrifying for Meghan Markle, herself because obviously, they've got an axe to grind, some may say, but on the other side of the coin, they definitely want to get their side of the story out". He added: "But there was one person, of course, that everybody is now suspecting, and as ever we say allegedly here on the show, could have spoken to Tom. "What I find fascinating about this is, this particular individual would truly have a remarkable story because, after all, he would have first-hand experience of what it was like, yes what it was like, to be married the first time around to the actress from Suits". READ MORE: Queen's 'extraordinary plan' to rekindle nation's love for Andrew this Garter Day Mr Sean continued: "What I found particularly fascinating is Trevor's story, itself, is remarkable because he's never spoken on the record about his time with Meghan Markle. "When you think about it, you read the stories, if you believe them, the way that she just wanted to collect the food mixer, or the blender, posted back his ring, that sort of stuff, there's two sides to every story and of course, we only know her version of events". Speaking about Tom, Mr Sean wondered if Tom has "been able to secure a chat [with Trevor]". Talking about the book itself, Mr Sean said: "A lot of people have said inside is that the book does reveal a substantial amount about that time when Meghan was married for that, also brief period, to her first husband". READ MORE: 'Don't want Sussex sideshow!' Princess Anne and Sophie could be 'overshadowed' at Jubilee Mr Sean noted that Meghan's first husband has wanted to "keep stump about his time with Miss Markle", adding that, "it's strange isn't it because he could simply write his own check but it is nice to find, if this is true, a man with scruples who seemingly cannot be tempted to spill all". Meghan got married to Trevor in September 2011. The former couple were married for two years. Mr Sean has previously stated on his YouTube channel that Meghan is "concerned" about the upcoming book. DON'T MISS In a past video, Mr Sean said: "Meghan is concerned by who spoke to Mr Bower and as her team have pointed out, how rock solid these claims are". Five years after separating from Trevor, Meghan married Prince Harry. The couple got married in May 2018. Meghan and Harry decided to step down as senior royals in 2020 and now reside in the US with their two children, three-year-old son Archie and daughter Lilibet, who turns one in June.