Gabriel Jesus and substitute Oleksandr Zinchenko struggled for Manchester City as they capitulated at the Bernabeu to blow their hopes of Champions League glory. Two late goals for Real Madrid sent the tie to extra time, where Karim Benzema buried a penalty to set up a mouth-watering final with Liverpool later this month. In a true rollercoaster encounter, there were a a wide range of performances from the Sky Blue camp: Ederson - 6 Not given a huge amount to do before the late goals, hoofed the ball up-field more often than usual amid a hostile atmosphere. Kyle Walker - 9 Bravely turned out at the Bernabeu after a spell out through injury, used his pace and strength to great effect as Vinicius Jr struggled to break clear of the English right-back before injury forced him off. Ruben Dias - 6 Coped well with intense pressure by putting in crucial tackles and making blocks in the nick of time for the majority of the game, but allowed Karim Benzema a free header early on and stuck a clumsy foot in to concede the extra-time penalty. Aymeric Laporte - 7 Dias' work was more eye-catching aside from the penalty incident, but Laporte weathered most of the storms that came his way. Joao Cancelo - 5 Brought back in after serving a suspension in the first leg, not afraid to drive forward early on but could not influence the game after switching to the right to mark Vinicius. Bernardo Silva - 8 Thrived while Madrid were more focused on Kevin De Bruyne, involved going both ways and maintained incredible composure to pick out the pass for Mahrez's opening goal. Rodri - 6 An unspectacular display, did his fair share of defensive work while dealing with a Madrid midfield full of seasoned veterans. Kevin De Bruyne - 6 Certainly didn't dictate the game as fans have seen him do in the past, put in a shift but the Madrid midfield made it their mission to stop him. Riyad Mahrez - 8 Found success cutting inside from the right flank and he took his goal superbly, unexpectedly lashing in at the near post when the far post looked on. Gabriel Jesus - 4 Kept quiet by Madrid's back-line even when City were in control of the game. Pressed from the front but other options may have posed more of a goal threat for Guardiola's side. Phil Foden - 7 Not at his electric best but still dangerous at the business-end of the pitch. Oleksandr Zinchenko (Walker, 72) - 4 Came on late at left-back and Rodrygo scored twice on his watch. Ilkay Gundogan (De Bruyne, 72) - 6 Started the attack for Mahrez's goal moments after coming on, but with hindsight, Guardiola may have wished he stuck with De Bruyne for the extra-time slog. Jack Grealish (Jesus, 78) - 5 Missed two good chances in normal time which could have put the game to bed. Fernandinho (Mahrez, 85) - 5 Happy to fly into tackles when the game descended into the trenches. Missed a point-blank chance just before half-time in extra-time. Sterling (Rodri, 99) - 6 Lively after coming on in extra-time, asking questions of Los Blancos' tired legs.