Tipping Point player Lisa was the contestant who found herself making ITV show history on Thursday afternoon as she became the programme’s first blind contestant. Joined by fellow players Andy and Eleanor, Ben quickly explained Lisa would be assisted by her mum Karen backstage who’d help guide her daughter by picking the best drop zones and when to press the button to drop her counters. Karen was joined backstage by an independent adjudicator who’d ensure there was no foul play with Lisa’s game. Introducing Lisa to the show, Ben said: “Hello, and welcome to Tipping Point. Three players will be facing our machine and they’re all hoping to win thousands today. “Let’s meet them,” Ben concluded before cutting to Eleanor who revealed she was a photographer from North Somerset. Actor Andy from London introduced himself up next before Lisa said hello to viewers for the first time, revealing she was a payroll administrator from South Wales. READ MORE: Eurovision 2022: Italy dealt crushing blow days before final Ben quickly moved on with the show but before any counters could be put into the machine, he explained how the game would go for Lisa. “Now, Lisa, as you’re registered blind,” Ben began. “In order to help you play, your mum Karen is backstage at the moment, “Watching everything that is going on… there she is,” Ben added as Karen popped up on-screen. “She is, yeah,” Lisa chimed in before Ben went on: “She's gonna be able to advise you via an earpiece as to where and when is the best time and place is to play your counters. “She’s not gonna be able to help you with the answers, sadly,” Ben cheekily commented, bringing a laugh from Lisa. Ben added: “Our independent adjudicator Julie is sat there with her to ensure that doesn’t happen. “But she will be assisting you with her thoughts on how things are looking in the machine, okay?” Lisa agreed and within moments, she, Andy and Eleanor were taking on the machine. DON'T MISS:Tipping Point player blown away by near-record counter drop ‘Wow!’Tipping Point contestant quips 'I'm not playing anymore' Ben Shephard scolds Tipping Point player over costly error However, sadly for Lisa, it wasn’t quite her day as, despite mum Karen’s best efforts, she was the first contestant sent home. In round one, Lisa lagged behind with £250 in her prize pot while Andy led with £1,100 and Eleanor wasn’t far behind him. By the end of round two, Andy and Eleanor were left battling out for the top spot with £1,450 and £1,800, respectfully. Sadly for Lisa, her £700 wasn’t enough to take her through to round three and a chance to reach the Tipping Point final. Nevertheless, Tipping Point fans at home were quick to praise the show for its inclusivity and Lisa’s efforts. On Twitter, Mike said: “There is a blind person on #tippingpoint and it’s absolutely brilliant #equality #enablenotdisable.” Gavin Evans was equally excited: “Wow this is a 1st, go on Lisa!! #tippingpoint.” While @daily_telly praised: “How good is it to see a visually impaired contestant on #tippingpoint. Good teamwork with Mum and Ben is good with describing the fall and placement. Tipping Point airs weekdays at 4pm on ITV.