A video footage captured images a Russian tank approaching another previously destroyed Russian vehicle and exploding as the Russian soldiers drive full speed through a field covered with Ukrainian landmines. The tank, being identified as a BMP-2 IFV tank, hits two mines along the way and subsequently explodes sending large plumes of smoke and dust into the sky. The 13-second clip captures the moment Russian soldiers are seen driving full speed through a land being previously covered with Ukrainian landmines. As soon as the Russian troops approach the field and previously destroyed Russian tank, the vehicle explodes sending the tank wrecks and dust right into the sky. The vehicle, being identified as a Russian BMP-2 IFV tank, hits two mines along the way and is completely destroyed by the blasts. The vehicle that the tank was attempting to approach is believed to be Russian tank being previously destroyed under the same circumstances, by the Ukrainian mines placed on the field. Heavy smoke and dust are seen coming out from the tank as the vehicle stepped right on top of the Ukrainian mines. Reports from UK Ministry of Defence seem to confirm that since the beginning of the invasion Russia may have lost “one-third of ground combat force” being sent into Ukraine. In light of the reports, Ministry of Defence said that Russian troops in the east of Ukraine had “lost momentum” and were now “significantly behind schedule”. “Russian forces are increasingly constrained by degraded enabling capabilities, continued low morale and reduced combat effectiveness. READ MORE: US tests missile after Kremlin claims Satan II 'can destroy UK' “Many of these capabilities cannot be quickly replaced or reconstituted and are likely to continue to hinder Russian operations in Ukraine. “Under the current conditions, Russia is unlikely to dramatically accelerate its rate of advance over the next 30 days.” NATO deputy secretary general Mircea Geoana also seemed to confirm the assessments from UK Ministry of Defence, and claimed that Ukrainian troops could be in a position to defeat Russia. DON'T MISS: White House officials warned of Sturgeon's plan to 'undermine NATO' [WATCH]Jim Davidson lets rip as row erupts over Thatcher's statue  [LISTEN]Starmer U-turn - Labour leader hints he'll quit even if not fined [INSIGHT] He also said: “The brutal invasion of Russia is losing momentum. “With significant support from allies and partners in billions of dollars, in military support, in financial support, humanitarian support, we know that with the bravery of the Ukrainian people and army and with our help, Ukraine can win this war”. The claims come after Ukraine confirmed that its forces have recaptured villages from Russian troops located north of Ukraine’s second-largest city of Kharkiv, pushing them back towards the Russian border.