TalkTV's Royal Editor Sarah Hewson said the Queen’s impromptu appearance at Paddington station for the unveiling of the Elizabeth line is "certainly reassuring". Ms Hewson added the monarch’s visit to the station would likely form the basis for her appearances for the Platinum Jubilee next month where "her engagements will only be confirmed at the last minute." Ms Hewson said: "It’s certainly reassuring to see [the Queen] up and about on her feet, and being able to travel further distances. "On Sunday she was at the big Gallop Through History show really looking like she was enjoying being out and about. "So the signs are certainly more positive. She is using a stick but she is up and about on her feet. "But as we know from Buckingham Palace, she has what are described as ‘episodic mobility problems’."    She said: "So, I think [going forwards] we will see a similar pattern to today where her engagements and her appearances will only be confirmed at the last minute. "Her hope though, of course, is that she will be able to take as full a part as possible in this Jubilee celebrations." The Queen wore a bright yellow hat and coat as she arrived today at Paddington station with her youngest son Prince Edward. Prime Minister Boris Johnson said it was "wonderful" to see the Queen open the train line, and that she was in "such fine form". READ MORE: Queen has 'earned right to conserve energy' for Jubilee [INSIGHT]   A Buckingham Palace spokesperson announced the Queen would be in attendance to unveil the Elizabeth Line at the eleventh hour. The spokesperson said: "In a happy development Her Majesty The Queen is attending today's event to mark the completion of the Elizabeth line." It is the latest public outing for the 96-year-old monarch who twice attended a horse show at her Windsor Castle residence in recent days. She has not attended an in-person event outside of Windsor since the memorial of her late husband Prince Phillip at Westminster Abbey on March 29. DON'T MISS: Queen pictured beaming as she’s presented with majestic rare horse [REPORT]Queen 'insists' on being 'unaided' during today's appearance [REVEAL]Prince Charles’ transition to King ‘unsurprising’ — Queen 'delegating' [INSIGHT] The £19 billion rail project was originally due to be opened in December 2018, but had been repeatedly delayed by issues with safety testing and signalling systems, even before the onset of the pandemic. Originally named 'Crossrail', the Elizabeth line will connect destinations west of London, including Heathrow airport and Reading with Shenfield in the east. It will open to the public on May 24. The Prime Minister added it was time to think about a new Crossrail line running north-south through London, which was put on hold during the Covid-19 pandemic. He said: "I think we should be getting on with that. People say it is all changed, people are working from home. I profoundly disagree. Public transport is the thing that gives people opportunity."   