Queen Elizabeth II, 96, celebrates her Platinum Jubilee next month to mark her 70 years on the throne. Britain’s longest-serving monarch succeeded her father King George VI as Sovereign in 1952 aged just 25. Since then, Her Majesty has negotiated many testing moments and steered the Royal Family through a string of crises. One particularly tough year was 1992 when the Queen’s primary residence Windsor Castle went up in flames. The expert described a top-level royal meeting held just five days after the fire, consisting of the Queen, Prince Philip, their children and a few private secretaries. She said: “They come up with a pretty genius plan – open up Buckingham Palace to the public. “What is extraordinary about this genius plan is that it was thought of by the Queen herself. “Even if her courtiers have thought of this as a way to raise money, I don't think they would have ever approached her on this.” The following year, the Palace doors opened to the public for the very first time on August 7, 1993. Edwina Currie, the MP and former minister, was among the first royal fans who queued up for tickets to the Palace. Speaking for the documentary, she said: “Going into Buckingham Palace when the doors open, and the flunkies invite you in, it is stepping over a genuine threshold into a world that we can only imagine.” The Queen’s private quarters were off-limits to the public, although royal fans did get a glimpse into the staterooms and throne room. Ms Montagu said: “Buckingham Palace is considered the most iconic royal palace across the globe. “‘Sign me up’, is what people are thinking. These tickets sold out years in advance.” DON'T MISS: Royal Family: Meghan and Harry's balcony moment 'blocked by Charles and William' [LATEST]Prince Charles to get ‘help’ from Sophie and Edward as Wessexes ‘drawn into Queen’s orbit’ [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Should William and Charles welcome Harry back with open arms? [ANALYSIS] The plan had been to open up the Palace to the public for a limited time only, but the demand for tickets made the royals reconsider. Ms Currie said: “The tickets went like hotcakes. “What the Queen has realised is that it is an absolute goldmine. “I think it must have dawned on Her Majesty, who is an extremely shrewd investor, that we are on to a good thing here. “Actually, if we keep doing it, we could get rid of those cobwebs. We could change those drapes. “We might have real gold leaf up there again, as Victoria and Albert did. “I've been there to the royal palaces since. They look an awful lot smarter. They are cleaner. The toilets have been modernised – much better.” ‘Secrets of the Royal Palaces’ is available to stream on My5.