The One Show, which is usually hosted by Alex Jones and Jermaine Jenas, airs weekdays from 7pm until 7.30pm. However, on Wednesday night, the programme will be replaced with the RHS Chelsea Flower Show instead. The BBC programme fronted by Sophie Raworth and Joe Swift will air for 30 minutes on BBC One before moving to BBC Two at 7.30pm. At the end of Tuesday's The One Show, Alex confirmed there would be no show on Wednesday night. "We won't be here tomorrow, the Chelsea Flower Show is on," the host told viewers. "We will be back on Thursday with John Legend," she continued before Jermaine chipped in: "Wow!" READ MORE: Sally Dexter age: How old is Emmerdale's Faith Dingle star?  The RHS Chelsea Flower Show is being held all week and viewers have been able to watch the coverage on BBC One and BBC Two. This year’s RHS Chelsea Flower Show runs from May 24 to 28, 2022. From Tuesday to Friday, the opening hours will be 8am until 8pm. While on Saturday, May 28, the show will close early, at 5.30pm. During the programme which will replace The One Show, hosts Sophie and Joe will begin by launching the RHS People's Choice Award by looking at the show gardens in the running. Former Great British Bake Off host Mary Berry will also pay a visit to the Great Pavilion to discover a family connection to a beautiful bloom. Prince Harry's pal, JJ Chalmers will reveal how he is passionate about getting children gardening. While actor John Hannah will detail why he has discovered a love for horticulture. Viewers will also be able to watch Monty Don and Joe take a look at the smaller gardens of the Chelsea Flower Show. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Max Turner's boyfriend unmasked [SPOILERS]Scarlette Douglas pays tribute to George Clarke ahead of new show [INSIGHT]Antiques Roadshow expert offers to buy rare poster after valuation [VIDEO] Carol Klein will also unveil the winner of the Platinum Jubilee Award, the biggest award in the Great Pavilion. While Nick Bailey will showcase the new plants launched at Chelsea. In a look back into the archives, Rachel de Thame will also reveal how gardening tastes and trends have changed at Chelsea since the beginning of the Queen's reign in 1952. Not only does the show attract several celebrities, but members of the Royal Family also attend the event.  Earlier this week, dressed in a pink lemonade coat, the Queen made an appearance at the show. This is the first time the Monarch has visited the show in many years. The Queen was joined by the Earl and Countess of Wessex and Princess Beatrice. Also at the event were the Queen's cousins, the Duke of Gloucester, the Duke of Kent, Prince Michael of Kent and Princess Alexandra. The One Show will return on Thursday at 7pm on BBC One.