Cancer is one of the biggest killers in the UK and statistics suggest one in two people will get cancer at some point in their lifetime. In a bid to lower cancer deaths and improve treatments, the government recently launched its 10-year war on cancer campaign. As part of this campaign, new treatments and diagnostic tools will be developed. However, even before this latest initiative was announced, scientists had been working on novel ways to combat cancer. The fruits of this labour could be about to be seen with the first injection of a virus designed to kill cancer. Described by experts as “revolutionary”, the virus – known as Vaxinia – has been genetically engineered to infect and replicate in cancer cells without damaging healthy cells. In animal tests, Vaxinia was found to reduce the size of lung, colon, breast, ovarian, and pancreatic tumours. Lung and breast cancer are two the of the most common cancers in the UK alongside prostate and bowel cancer. READ MORE: Pancreatic cancer: The ‘discolouration’ in two areas could be a symptom - 'insidious’ One of the areas where Vaxinia differs from other immunotherapies is its ability to prime the patient’s immune system and increase the level of a protein known as PD-L1 in tumours; this makes the immunotherapy more effective.In contrast, other immunotherapies such as checkpoint inhibitors can cause patients to relapse even after the cancer has been successfully treated.The treatment has been developed by Imugene Limited.Principle investigator of the research, Daneng Li said: “Our previous research demonstrated that oncolytic viruses can stimulate the immune system and respond to and kill cancer, as well as stimulate the immune system to be more responsive to other immunotherapies.” Li added: “Now is the time to further enhance the power of immunotherapy, and we believe Vaxinia has the potential to improve outcomes for patients in their battle with cancer.” The treatment is currently in phase one clinical trials and aims to recruit at least 100 patients with advanced solid and metastatic tumours. As with all other clinical trials of other medications, the treatment will not be rushed and all precautions will be taken to ensure Vaxinia’s safety. Although the treatment has proven successful in animals, the physiology of humans means some side effects may arise. Meanwhile, there are other treatments also being trialled in the treatment of cancer. Earlier this year a phase two clinical trial began investigating the efficacy of medicinal cannabis against aggressive brain tumours. The phase two trial will, say professors from the University of Birmingham: “Assess whether adding Sativex to chemotherapy could extend life for thousands diagnosed with a recurrent glioblastoma, which currently has an average survival of less than 10 months.” Set to last three years, the trial will recruit over 230 patients. Speaking about the research, Director of Cancer Research UK Clinical Trials Unit, Professor Pam Kearns said: “The treatment for glioblastomas remains extremely challenging. “Even with surgery, radiotherapy and chemotherapy, nearly all of these brain tumours re-grow within a year, and unfortunately there are very few options for patients once this occurs.” Professor Kearns added: “Cannabinoids have well-described effects in the brain and there has been a lot of interest in their use across different cancers for a long time now. “Glioblastoma brain tumours have been shown to have receptors to cannabinoids on their cell surfaces, and laboratory studies on glioblastoma cells have shown these drugs may slow tumour growth.”