Paul Pogba is reportedly the subject of a transfer tug-of-war between Juventus and Paris Saint-Germain as the Frenchman nears the end of his Manchester United contract. There could still be a late twist in the tale, however, as the Red Devils midfielder would supposedly be keen to meet up and talk with incoming boss Erik ten Hag. Pogba turned down the offer of a new contract at Old Trafford after a series of run-ins with fans and sub-par seasons. Even so, his performances on the international stage continue to inform interested parties that he is a formidable talent and could thrive elsewhere. According to The Daily Star, Pogba's camp have opened talks with Juve and PSG as they look to pounce on a free transfer opportunity. The former world record signing won't come cheap in the grand scheme of things, however, as the French outfit reportedly prepare to slap £350,000-a-week on the table. Manchester City were, for a time, believed to be in the mix as Pep Guardiola scours the market for midfield options. But Pogba is seemingly against tarnishing his United reputation any further, and would favour a move to one of the other two interested sides. JUST IN: Liverpool warned Sadio Mane's Bayern Munich move hinges on Robert Lewandowski tactic That is unless Ten Hag throws a late and unlikely spanner in the works. The Dutchman recently won another league title with Ajax, and is set to begin work in Manchester and gear up for the new season as quickly as possible. Reports indicate that Pogba would welcome the opportunity to sit down with Ten Hag before making a concrete decision on his future. A mutual decision to stick around would likely be met with a mixed reception from fans, who have been looking forward to new midfield arrivals this summer. DON'T MISS...Dele Alli hits new low with Everton 'hoping to sell' flop alreadyTottenham 'make contact' with potential Harry Kane understudyChelsea takeover may have accidentally been confirmed by club sponsor But United cannot offer Champions League football like PSG can, and the Parisians supposedly view the Frenchman as key to their European aspirations. Mauricio Pochettino is set to move on this summer, and Pogba could be given the chance to earn good money alongside Lionel Messi, and under Zinedine Zidane. Juventus cannot commit to the same wages, but are hoping that sentiment could see them pip PSG to the post. Pogba made his name with the Bianconeri between 2012 and 2016, earning himself an £89million move back to Old Trafford where things have been up and down since. While anything could happen in talks with Ten Hag - a highly-respected manager with a stellar reputation - it is thought that Pogba is 'desperate' for a new challenge after years of stagnation with the Red Devils. Under axed boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and then Ralf Rangnick, Old Trafford has not provided a particularly upbeat environment this season. With one match left to play United sit sixth in the table with no prospect of reaching the top four, and they are at risk of being caught by West Ham on the final day.