The Duke of Cambridge, 39, unveiled a new memorial at the National Memorial Arboretum on Wednesday. The memorial will act as a dedicated place for friends, family and shipmates to remember those who have lost their lives in service. At the event, William gave a short speech before participating in a ribbon-cutting ceremony. This memorial has been described as embodying all the elements of the submarine service - the loneliness of separation, the anticipation of return, the fortitude and the sacrifice. During his speech, William said: "The Submarine Service has, for over 120 years, been at the forefront of our nation's defence. "However, to many it is an invisible force which is so often out of sight and out of mind. "The risks and the sacrifices associated with such service are clear, and you would be hard-pressed to find a more challenging environment to serve in. "It is however within this environment that some of our best men and women work, and live." He went on to describe the experience of the submariners and the struggles they and their families face, but that they tackle with "continued resilience" despite the "uncertainty" of what may come their way. The Duke said: "All of you will in some way be familiar with the long periods of separation, the lack of contact with loved ones, and the uncertainty of what the next day holds. READ MORE: Prince Harry has 'thrived the most' in US - expert "It is because of the continued resilience in the face of such challenges that we are gathered here now. "With this memorial, we are not only providing a focal point for today's submarine community, but also a moving tribute to the memory of lost shipmates and loved ones, and a place for people to come and remember them." While attending the ceremony, William also met serving submariners as well as veterans and family members. A competition was launched in 2020 to help design the new memorial, and those involved in the process were also in attendance at the event. DON'T MISS Royal POLL: Should Netflix push Meghan and Harry for content? [POLL] Meghan Markle has 'no regard' for Royal Family dress code [INSIGHT] Meghan Markle and Harry 'shot themselves in foot' with Kate & William [REVEAL] Nodding to the winning design, the Duke said: "Inspired by the competition winners and their ideas, Paul Day has created a truly fitting memorial to those lost, and sadly, to those who may give their lives in years to come. "This memorial beautifully captures all elements of the world in which you live, whether in service or in support at home. "It harnesses in physical form the struggles this life of service can lead to, the loneliness of separation, the expectation of return, and the fortitude your way of life demands." He added: "It is a great testament to the spirit of this indomitable community that everyone came together to make the image of this memorial a reality. "To those serving, our veterans, the families, and the submarine industries, you have my heartfelt thanks for donating, no matter the amount." The Duke of Cambridge has served as Commodore-in Chief of the Submarines since 2006.