When it comes to making a statement in living rooms, wooden accent walls may seem like a safe choice. With its soothing bold aesthetic and three-dimensional qualities, homeowners would be forgiven for believing that this feature can do no wrong. However, interior designers argue otherwise. For those considering new accent wall ideas, Britons may want to avoid dark wood, as this darker hue comes with a host of problems. Grand Rapids-based interior designer Deidre Remtema suggests that the living room is the one space where wood “does not make sense”. She said: “This trend has been overdone, and does not make sense. “We need to incorporate fresh ideas instead of hashing old ones.” For those looking for ways to incorporate this material into their living room ideas, they should only use it as part of a “larger design plan”, meaning the rest of the interiors and exteriors also pay homage to the trend – for a more cohesive look. READ MORE: DIY mum uses clever hacks to transform bathroom for under £30 This designer is not exclusive in warning against this feature. Sanel Konyar, the founder of Interior Kollection confesses that wooden accent walls are “very on-trend at the moment,” but the success of this feature depends entirely on the tone of wood you use. She said: “Bold and dark colours will tend to date more quickly and limit your future interior design choices.” Those who already have a dark wood accent wall, Sanel suggests that they should opt for neutral furnishings and accessories to add some colour and texture to their scheme. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to clean washing machine drawers - 'cheap and effective’ [TIPS]Orchids: How to save a dying orchid - ‘suffers quickly’ [EXPERT]Pests: ‘Inexpensive’ and ‘simple’ way to get rid of woodlice [INSIGHT] Alongside the ageing aesthetic, Lucy Ackroyd, the Head of Design at Christy argues that dark decor and large furniture can “make the room feel smaller than it is” – and consequently make the space feel “quite oppressive”. Therefore, homeowners who choose a lighter shade (for example, swap dark oak for lighter beech wood), can instantly lift the space and create a more “welcoming ambiance”. When considering wall accents, the colour of other walls need to be taken into account. Most accent walls look best when they adjoin walls in a light to medium shade. Accent walls in an all-white room are stunning but tricky. The contrast of a bright accent wall against white walls can look very modern and even stark. Homeowners should balance any strong accent wall colours with neutral wall colours on the other walls. Neutral walls can be grey, or greige, or beige, whatever works best with the accent colour. For those who do choose to accent a wall in a white room, soften the contrast with mid-tone accent colours to bridge the difference. As well as choosing the right colour for accent walls, deciding on which wall to add the design to is essential. Rooms without an architectural feature can benefit from an accent wall, especially one with texture. A wall of windows can also be an accent wall. However, be mindful that a dark accent colour surrounding windows can create a bright light effect and overwhelm the room.