The boy lost his life yesterday afternoon, at Milnrow, near Rochdale, Greater Manchester. The devastating fatal attack occurred at Carr Lane, where emergency services rushed to assist but, sadly, the boy succumbed to his injuries at the hospital. The family of the child was living in a rented residential property in the area. A resident of the area said that she suffered a brutal attack from dogs at a spot very close to the scene of yesterday’s accident. Kia Walker said she was walking on a footpath just yards from Carr Lane, when two dogs running loose on the public path ambushed her. One of the dogs jumped on her as the other grabbed her by the arm in a frightening attack. She added that she reported the incident to the police, however, the investigation didn’t result in a form of justice to be made. Ms Walker told the MEN: “They just said that the investigation couldn’t go any further because there wasn’t enough evidence”. Police said Kia chose to take no further action. Ms Walker stated: “It’s sad really, because maybe people would’ve done more about it and it could’ve saved a little boy’s life.” In a statement following yesterday’s appalling incident, the police admitted that they will be investigating the issue in combination with previous incidents involving dogs at the same address. Detective Superintendent Jamie Daniels, of GMP's Public Protection and Serious Crime Division, said: “This is a tragic, devastating incident and our thoughts are with the family at this horrendous time. “We are investigating the incident and previous incidents involving dogs at this address.” They added that the incident will be dealt with as a criminal investigation and that increased police presence will be established in the area. No arrests have been made so far regarding the incident. The statement continued: “While our enquiries to find out what happened will be thorough and are very much in their infancy, we suspect that this little boy has, sadly, succumbed to injuries received as a result of a dog attack. “I understand this is an extremely distressing incident for all concerned and this news will rock the local community.” And Mr Daniels concluded: “I can only assure everyone that we will work relentlessly to establish the full circumstances that led to this tragedy and while we retain an open mind, this is now being dealt with as a criminal investigation. “There will be a significant police presence in the area - we will be there to carry out an investigation and address any concerns residents may have.” Anyone with information should call police on 0161 856 5413 quoting incident 1615 of 15/05/2022. Information can also be reported online or by using the LiveChat function at www.gmp.police.uk. If you can't report online, call 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.