Paul Pogba's barber has seemingly confirmed his client is returning to Juventus on Instagram with a formal transfer announcement now only a matter of time. The Manchester United midfielder is set to depart Old Trafford on a free upon the expiry of his contract, after leaving a lucrative offer from the Red Devils on the table since last year. The contract proposal would reportedly have made Pogba the highest-paid player in the Premier League and was worth an estimated £500,000 per week. But the World Cup winner, who has endured one of the most difficult seasons of his career having also lost his super-agent Mino Raiola in late April, is now set to move onto pastures new. Posting on Instagram, Pogba wrote: "You know what time it is." To which AStarBarbers responded: "#pogback" with black and white emojis representing the colours of Juventus. READ MORE: Manchester United transfer target Frenkie de Jong hints where he'll play next season Pogba's representatives were in Turin last Monday working on a deal with the Bianconeri, who Pogba left in the summer of 2016 to join Manchester United. Now a return to work under former manager Massimiliano Allegri is on the cards, despite competition from Paris Saint-Germain. Allegri jokingly ruled out a move in midweek, because Pogba was 'afraid' to take him on in a basketball challenge. “He won’t be back, he is afraid of challenging me,” Allegri said while laughing. READ MOREManchester United transfer target Frenkie de Jong hints where he'll play next seasonPau Torres' agents 'will travel to Manchester this week' to negotiate Man Utd transferManchester United can kill two birds with one stone for Erik ten Hag with £45m transfer It's been an underwhelming end to Pogba's turbulent Manchester United reign, which ended back in April when he suffered a calf problem in the 4-0 defeat to Liverpool. Pogba did not feature again for United, something predicted by Gary Neville at the time, although the 29-year-old as seemingly fit for the final day of the season. Initially, the France international was keen to assess who United's next manager would be before making any decisions over his future. However, it became clear he was no longer wanted at the club by supporters when he was booed in the 3-2 win over Norwich. The departure of Zinedine Zidane from Real Madrid last summer seemingly ended his chances of a move to the Bernabeu, while Juve and PSG have continued to court Pogba. After stating he intends to catch up on his 'barren years' at Manchester United, Pogba hinted that he would be off when speaking to Le Figaro back in March. "You have to be honest, the last five seasons have not satisfied me – really not at all," he said. "This year it is dead, we won’t win anything. Whether it is with Manchester United or at another club, I want to win trophies."