The UK state pension typically increases each year under a guarantee known as the triple lock. However, this is not a foregone conclusion, as the rises will only be applicable to certain individuals. The Government says the state pension will only increase each year if a person lives in: As a result of this historic policy, it is thought close to 500,000 pensioners are missing out on rises, according to End Frozen Pensions. Some of those affected have shared their stories of financial hardship or sentiments of unfairness due to their frozen sum. READ MORE: Pension warning as Rishi Sunak to harvest £6billion from savers Many people will be wondering if there is any way, at present, to increase their state pension sum despite living in certain countries abroad. Currently, there is only one way for Britons to alter their circumstances in this sense. The Government website explains: “Your pension will go up to the current rate if you return to live in the UK.” The uprating is also the case for those who come back to the UK to visit. DON'T MISSOver 50s urged to act on state pension, inheritance tax and pension [EXCLUSIVE]State pension warning as triple lock ‘won’t be enough’ [ANALYSIS]Scam warning as woman, 59, loses £48,000 by ‘sharing screen' [WARNING] They should receive an uprated state pension while they are in the UK, but will have their amount frozen again once they leave. Of course, returning to the UK may be easier said than done - whether this is for a visit or permanently. Many of those on a frozen state pension no longer feel able to travel, either due to advancing age or ill health. When it comes to a permanent return, this may be out of the question - as many chose to depart the UK for good for a reason. The so-called frozen state pensioners are hopeful the Government will reconsider its policy on the matter. The End Frozen Pensions campaign has called for all state pensioners, regardless of where they live, to receive an uprated sum. The organisation describes the policy as an “arbitrary postcode lottery”. It stated over 90 percent of affected pensioners live in Commonwealth nations with close ties to the UK.   What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea A DWP spokesperson previously told Express.co.uk: “We understand that people move abroad for many reasons and that this can impact on their finances. “There is information on gov.uk about what the effect of going abroad will be on entitlement to the UK state pension. “The Government’s policy on the up-rating of the UK state pension for recipients living overseas is a longstanding one of more than 70 years. “We continue to uprate state pensions overseas where there is a legal requirement to do so.”