With more engagements than Elizabeth Taylor, it's hard to imagine the Royal Family having enough spare time to sit around playing board games together. Based on a new report, however, it appears members of the Royal Family like nothing more than competing against each other in games ranging from Monopoly to Risk, Charades to Wii Sports! Things are said to get so heated that the Queen even had to ban one popular board game from being played in her presence. Indeed, according to research carried out by SudokuCraze, the Queen won't allow Monopoly to be played in her presence because games were getting too vicious. The news was revealed during an old interview with Prince Andrew. The Queen is said to prefer 'The Name Game', which sees participants attempt to guess the identity of famous people via a series of yes or no questions. More surprising is the news that The Queen used to enjoy playing the bowling game in Wii Sports. That's based on a 2008 report from Wired, which claims Her Majesty begged to join in after watching Prince William playing the popular video game. Elsewhere, William and Kate are supposedly fond of board games such as Risk and Monopoly, which are said to be staples during Christmas. Perhaps due to her skills as an actress, Meghan Markle is said to enjoy Charades, while Prince Harry famously likes sporting pursuits like polo. As for The Queen's love of Wii Sports, Her Majesty will be happy to find out that a follow-up game was recently released on the Nintendo Switch. Nintendo Switch Sports features six different sporting events, including fan favourites like Tennis and Bowling. It also adds a selection of brand new activities such as Volleyball and Badminton, as well as a Soccer game that can be played with the leg strap. That's on top of Chambara - which is similar to the swordplay found in Wii Sports Resort - and Golf, the latter of which will launch as free DLC this summer. Nintendo Switch Sports also benefits from the ability to play with other people online, all thanks to online multiplayer.