The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge met at St Andrews University in Scotland in 2001. Their romance blossomed two years later and matured throughout the following years, leading Kate and William to eventually tie the knot in April 2011. However, in the early period of their relationship, there was little expectation within the Royal Household that the Cambridges' love story would turn into the lasting bond it is now after their four-year university degree, according to royal author Andrew Morton. He told OK! magazine: "In the beginning, nobody in the Royal Household expected for a second that the university romance with Catherine and William would continue for any time after they graduated, like most college romances which disintegrate under the intense scrutiny of jobs and geography. "After he left college, William was doing all kinds of jobs, to get a sense of the Britain he will take over. "Catherine was left to go her own way, but she survived." Kate jumped straight into working for her family's business, Party Pieces, following her graduation. She was later hired as an accessories buyer at clothing chain Jigsaw. Meanwhile, Prince William undertook a series of work experience placements in the UK after earning his BA in Geography. In 2006, he was admitted to the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst, where he started his military career, which ended in 2013. His last job before undertaking royal duties full time was with the East Anglian Air Ambulance (EAAA), where he worked as a pilot. READ MORE: Kate and William 'nightmare' for Harry and Meghan While the Household didn't give much thought to Kate and William's early months of romance, Mr Morton claimed the Queen has been treating their relationship in a very different way than the one between Prince Charles and Diana, Princess of Wales, after it became clear their bond would last. He said: "The thing about Kate is the Queen was impressed she adored and loved William for himself, not for his title. "She spends a lot more time supporting and nurturing the relationship between William and Catherine than she did with Charles and Diana. "It’s pretty clear she wasn’t going to make that mistake again. "Everything that happened in [Kate and William’s] relationship was quite strategic, quite thought through, after a period of time." Following their wedding 11 years ago, Prince William and Kate have grown increasingly more prominent within the Royal Family. As the second-in-line to the throne, the Duke has been undertaking over the past years a number of key engagements on behalf of the Queen and the country. Particularly since Her Majesty started experiencing episodic mobility issues, Prince Charles's firstborn has carried out a number of pivotal engagements. Earlier this month, William travelled to the United Arab Emirates to pay his and the Queen's respects following the death of Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan. This marked the first time the sovereign asked her grandson to represent her in similar, poignant, circumstances. Moreover, on May 10, Prince William attended for the first time the State Opening of Parliament. He was there as one of the monarch's Counsellors of State, playing a support act for Prince Charles who read the Queen's Speech in lieu of his mother's absence. Kate has also raised her profile over the past few years. After deepening her knowledge on the issue behind the scenes and through work with relevant patronages and experts, the Duchess launched the Centre for Early Childhood last June. This represented a major milestone in her legacy-making work on providing all children with the best chance to succeed in life.