Choosing the perfect pillow for a great night’s sleep is a chore within itself. There are so many bed pillows to choose from: feather pillows, down pillows, memory foam pillows, synthetic pillows, and the list goes on. Once Britons find the perfect pillow, the last thing they want to do is throw it away because it’s stained. Cleaning experts at Tip Bulletin have shared how to get yellow stains out of pillows in the washing machine and by hand. While most pillows are machine washable, some require spot cleaning or dry cleaning only. Therefore, it’s essential to check the care labels on your pillow before washing them in this manner, whether you use a top loader or front loader machine. The experts said: “The good news is that it’s relatively easy to restore pillows to the pristine shape and appearance they had when they were new. “All you need is a little bit of time and a few cleaning solutions.” The first cleaning solution suggested uses kitchen staples and the washing machine. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to remove yellow stains from pillows - ‘my holy grail’ The cleaning gurus said: “To whiten yellowed pillows, combine baking soda, white vinegar, laundry detergent, and dish detergent in a small container and mix. “Place the pillow into the washing machine and add the cleaning solution as you usually would during washing. “Because this cleaner is thick, it sticks to the pillow surface, so a second wash cycle is required. “Repeat the washing cycle using hot water only to remove all residue. “This simple but quite effective recipe is great for removing sweat stains from shirts or pillows. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to clean washing machine drawers - 'cheap and effective’ [TIPS]Pests: ‘Inexpensive’ and ‘simple’ way to get rid of woodlice [EXPERT]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ hack to get rid of ants in homes [INSIGHT] “Eliminate yellow stains with ease and then toss the pillows or other clothing in the dryer.” The experts suggested adding a couple of tennis balls or dryer balls to the dryer, too. They said: “The balls fluff up the pillows while drying and provide even heating. Dry the pillow on the air cycle or low heat setting.” Bed pillows filled with materials such as down, feathers, or memory foam are generally not water safe. The cleaning pros detailed how pillows can be cleaned by hand. They explained: “Take your pillow outside and lay it on a clean, flat surface in the sun. “Sunshine is an excellent tool for disinfecting. “Use a toothbrush and apply bleach or a bleach alternative such as Borax to the stained area.” Those who prefer not to use bleach, the experts suggested applying a small amount of baking soda to the stain and dunking an old toothbrush into white vinegar. The cleaning pros said: “Use the soaked vinegar brush to scrub the baking soda. Wipe away the dirty residue with a damp cloth.” Britons can also add the vinegar to a bottle sprayer and spray vinegar on clothes with baking soda. Let the chemicals fizz a bit and scrub with the toothbrush. Baking soda and vinegar are a dynamite combination that eliminates all kinds of stains on a multitude of surfaces. In-between washes, make sure to encase your pillows in a pillow protector as well as pillowcases and should be changed once a week, along with bedding. If pillows get especially dirty due to excessive sweating or other causes, change them twice a week.