Ukraine’s entry Kalush Orchestra sailed through to the Eurovision Song Contest 2022 Grand Final after dazzling fans with their song Stefania in the first semi-final. They stand as the favourite to win this year's competition and are determined to host the contest in war-torn Ukraine if they are crowned the winners in Saturday's Grand Final. Kalush Orchestra spoke to Good Morning Britain on Thursday about whether they will return to their country after the contest. Leader singer Oleh Psiuk told ITV viewers: "We have one band member who stayed [in Ukraine] and joined the territorial defence in Kyiv on the third day of the war. "We have temporary permission to leave the country but after Eurovision 2022 we will have to go back." It was a U-turn from Eurovision 2022 organisers which eventually led to Russia being kicked out of the competition and it was a decision Kalush Orchestra felt was the right one.  READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Tim Metcalfe gets devastating health update Oleh added: "We think it was the right thing to do and many Russian people will understand there is something wrong with what is going on." While most of the Eurovision commentators will be broadcasting from Turin, in Italy, Ukraine's one will be covering the contest in a bomb shelter. If Ukraine wins this year's Eurovision the rules state they would host next year's contest. Despite the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine, Kalush Orchestra are determined to host next year's Eurovision in Ukraine if they are crowned the 2022 winners. Oleh defiantly said: "They will all be able to go back to Ukraine."  Support for Ukraine's entry has swelled since Russia invaded Ukraine in February. Speaking to the BBC ahead of the semi-final, Oleh said a victory would send a message of support to the country's besieged citizens. "For our country, it is so important to have victories in all ways," he exclaimed. "So if we win, it will be another opportunity to show Ukraine to the world, to remind people about Ukraine, and to increase morale in the whole country." DON'T MISS...Eurovision 2022: UK on course to cause ‘upset’ and win over Ukraine [EUROVISION]Georgia's 'circus academy dropouts' to steal Eurovision win [LATEST]Eurovision 2022: UK for last minute upset as Sweden take top 3 place? [ODDS] Ukraine's odds of winning are at 4/9 while Italy now trails behind with odds of 7/1, according to Ladbrokes. The UK's entry Sam Ryder may be one of the most popular UK entries for a long time as the Space Man singer now has odds of 6/1 to win. The UK jumped ahead of Italy overnight in the betting with Sweden the only other nation priced shorter than 16/1. Alex Apati of Ladbrokes said: "Sam Ryder has always been there or thereabout among the frontrunners.  “But the latest odds suggest the UK could well be on course to cause a Eurovision upset this weekend." Sam is one of the UK's most followed singers on TikTok, with 12 million fans on the app. The last time the UK made the top ten in the Eurovision final was in 2009 with the song It's My Time by Jade Ewen. The Eurovision Song Contest final airs on BBC One on Saturday at 8pm. 