Holly Willoughby has kept fans of This Morning guessing over the last few months on whether or not she will appear on the popular ITV show after several absences. Viewers who tuned in to watch Monday's instalment of the show were greeted by Phillip Schofield and Rochelle Humes as Phil revealed Holly was off again, but this time to work on her new show, The Games. The lack of the blonde-haired presenter encouraged many fans of the show to question if she was "weaning" herself off of the show. This year alone, Holly has missed several weeks of filming due to having covid and being away on holiday. The Games is brand new to ITV, and sees 12 celebrities battling it out in sporting events across a week of live programmes. With her working evenings all week, it appeared the star was unable to commit to her usual morning routine. With Holly missing yet again, fans were quick to blast the star on social media. Read More: Lorraine staggered by Andrew's 'fat cow' comment to ex Sarah Ferguson 'Can't believe it' @angenevs tweeted: "What's that Holly presenting yet another show?!! Can they give someone else a chance #ThisMorning." "Holly takes another holiday. Why am I not surprised #thismorning," @Agendapushers1 added. @S829MLY wanted to know if this was a sign that the star was leaving the show and stated: "Holly slowly weaning herself off #ThisMorning." @mac_sticky joked: "Holly Willoughby has more days off than Santa #thismorning."   Late arrival to Monday's show @Hyther12 asked: "Just tuned in. Where is sicknote? #ThisMorning." Although her week-long working vacation from the show was justified, many viewers seemed less than impressed. Joining Holly as a co-host for the new sporting game show is cricketer Freddie Flintoff. On the sidelines is former professional footballer and presenter Alex Scott who joins the show as the trackside reporter, and fellow former footballer Chris Kamara completes the lineup as the show's commentator. DON’T MISS…Doctor Who writer details real reason Ncuti Gatwa landed Time Lord role [LATEST]Selling Sunset’s Emma Hernan confirms rekindled romance with Christine ex 'Double-dipped' [LATEST]Anne Hegerty replacement speaks out on 'terrifying' Beat the Chasers stint  [LATEST] The Games will pit six male and six female fit celebrities against each other to see who will come out on top and get the number one spot on the podium. Celebrities taking part include TV presenter Olivia Attwood, influencer and model Phoenix Gulzar-Brown, former Strictly Come Dancing professional Kevin Clifton, pop star Max George, songwriter Chelcee Grimes, Harry Potter actor Josh Herdman, author, model and autism ambassador Christine McGuinness, Coronation Street actor Colson Smith, newsreader Lucrezia Millarini, musician and TV star Wes Nelson, Emmerdale actor Rebecca Sarker and actor Ryan Thomas. Mimicking several of the sports that feature in the Olympic Games, each celebrity will lend their skills to events in the athletics arena, the swimming pool, gymnasium and velodrome. Speaking ahead of the launch of the show, Holly said: "I'm really excited to be presenting The Games with Freddie and the rest of the team. "I can't wait to watch our celebrity competitors go head-to-head." Freddie added: "This is going to be a brilliant week of TV. "Our celeb competitors will need to be at the top of their game to be in with a chance of topping the medals table." This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV.