A double chin is common. It is caused by fat forming below the chin and is also known as submental fat. It can be, but is not always, caused by weight gain but genetics and aging also play a part. Ksenija Selivanova is a qualified face massage expert and blogger. Also a pilates expert, she posts her face yoga tips and tricks on her Instagram account. Recently she detailed three moves to improve the appearance of a double chin. Ksenija said: "These techniques work on relaxing the overused and tensed muscles located under our chin. "The tension causes puffiness and fluid retention." The first move is to take both thumbs and put them together, palms facing one another and fingers curled in. Take the tips of both thumbs and place them just underneath the tip of the chin. Push your thumbs back towards each jaw in a smooth movement, massaging the muscles under the chin. READ MORE: Anti-aging expert shares essential face yoga moves to turn back the clock 'best results' In the second movement, take your right hand. Facing the palm down, sweep the hand across the underside of your chin and jaw from left to right in a smooth movement. Perform the same movement with your left hand in the direction. Alternate hands. The third and final move is to look up, stretching the neck. Deepen the stretch by pushing your chin up and forward DON'T MISSAnti-aging for the neck: 'From turkey neck to swan neck' [ROUTINE] Anti-aging for your neck: Exclusive face yoga routine [EXPERT] Bella Hadid's facialist's essential 'daily' face yoga moves [ANTI-AGING] "Posture also plays a big role in the appearance of the double chin," Ksenija said. This is correct, poor posture weakens muscles in the neck and chin. This causes the skin around the area to lose elasticity when the muscles are not used Make sure you are sitting at your desk correctly and are not looking down or bending at the neck to look at your screen, phone or books on a frequent basis. Weight loss If your double chin is due to weight gain then losing that weight will help to improve its appearance. Eat a healthy diet full of vegetables and fruit and avoid processed food.  Invasive procedures There are some procedures to help with a very stubborn double chin that is causing distress. One is lipolysis, which uses liposuction or heat from a laser to melt fat. Mesotherapy, on the other hand, sees fat-dissolving material injected into an area to break down fat. Another face yoga expert detailed her anti-aging face yoga routine for the neck. Monna, a certified face yoga coach and cosmetologist, claimed the routine can take you from "turkey neck to swan neck". The face expert showed a face yoga technique to create an elegant and long neck. More and more studies are beginning to support the idea face yoga can make you look younger.