The data has been collated from 2018 to 2020 in which they found that one patient relapsed six weeks after being given the all clear, reports reveal. Another patient made a quicker recovery after being given a smallpox antiviral.  According to experts, it is hard to believe that patients can be contagious for that length of time but say that remains the “big unanswered question”. The findings are from an analysis of the UK's seven previous cases, who were struck down between 2018 and 2021. It prompted experts to reassure parents that cases in children are extremely rare and any new rashes in youngsters are more likely to be caused by chickenpox or hand, foot and mouth disease. On May 13, the United Kingdom notified WHO of two laboratory confirmed cases and one probable case of monkeypox to WHO.   All three cases belong to the same family. The probable case is epidemiologically linked to the two confirmed cases and has fully recovered. The first case identified (index case) developed a rash on May 5 and was admitted to hospital in London, the United Kingdom on May 6. On May 9, the case was transferred to a specialist infectious disease centre for ongoing care. Monkeypox was confirmed on May 12. Another confirmed case developed a vesicular rash on April 30, confirmed to have monkeypox on May 13, and is in a stable condition. READ MORE: Horror as man in his 50s killed in steamroller collision  Seventy-one Britons have so far caught monkeypox, in an outbreak that has sparked alarm across the world. A disproportionate number of cases are in gay and bisexual men. One of the UK's seven previous cases — a man in his 40s, who caught monkeypox in Nigeria before being hospitalised here — still tested positive 76 days after first falling ill, the research revealed. In what would be a world-first if proven true, doctors believe he suffered a relapse after having sex, according to reports. The man, who wasn't identified, was given the all clear and sent home from hospital a few weeks after being struck down with the virus. Six weeks later, when he had sex for the first time after his illness, his virus came back. DON'T MISS:Queen made ‘enormous impression’ on Queen Margrethe II of DenmarkWarning as Putin’s attack on Ukraine may launch ‘World War Three’Boris facing ‘witch-hunt’ as Left want his ‘head on a platter' He told medics how his lymph nodes had swollen in size, researchers wrote in the journal Lancet Infectious Diseases. This swelling came with pustular skin lesions, characteristic of monkeypox. Subsequent PCR tests of the lesions and his throat came back positive for the virus. But the man's relapse was short and he was "otherwise clinically well". Study author Dr Hugh Adler, from the Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine, said they were “surprised” that monkeypox could be detected in the throat and blood for that long a period of time. He said: “It remains positive in throat and blood for the length of the illness and maybe even longer after the rash.” The new study also revealed that a smallpox antiviral could help people fight off the disease. Tecovirimat, not officially approved to treat monkeypox, helped one infected patient in 2021 recover and be discharged from hospital after just a week of treatment. 