On the BBC Travel Show, Simon said that many flights were having to take longer routes due to the closure of Russian airspace. The additional cost of fuel is likely to push up prices. However, Simon said there’s still hope for Britons’ holidays this year and shared some top tips to find a holiday bargain. He said: “Don’t travel when everyone else is. On a recent Friday night I paid £200 for a one hour hop from London to Northern Ireland but then on a Monday lunchtime three hour flight to Lithuania, the fare was just £7.” Friday nights are likely to have some of the most expensive prices as many 9-5 workers like to go away for the weekend. Similarly, Sunday afternoon is often expensive as many travellers choose to return to the UK then. READ MORE: Airport 'like the Hunger Games' as Brits queue for hours at security Simon added: “If you don’t have to travel on school holidays then avoid them. Tuesdays and Wednesdays are usually the cheapest days to fly on.” Retired tourists without small children would be best booking a holiday during UK term time and out of peak period. If Britons want to catch some sun on a Spanish or Greek beach, June or early July could be the perfect time to travel. Resorts may also be quieter outside of the peak summer holiday period of July and August. Simon said: “You can also find some good deals on Saturday evening and Sunday morning. “Unsurprisingly, fares are often low for very early flights or very late. But apart from the anti-social hours you might end up spending more on ground transports or a hotel stay.” While catching an early morning flight might reduce the price of a ticket, Britons should be careful not to end up spending more on transport. If public transport services aren’t running, Britons might have to fork out for a taxi which could eat up any savings. The travel expert added: “Travel with minimum luggage. Also ignore those constant invitations to pay for a seat in advance, there’s one for you onboard, you just don’t know which it is yet.” Although many airlines have cut their cabin baggage allowance, Britons might still be able to fit everything in a small bag. If it’s a short weekend break, avoiding booking hold luggage could save Britons money for a meal out on holiday. For a longer holiday, package holiday companies sometimes include a hold luggage allowance in the overall price. Simon also warned passengers to ignore reminders to pay to book a seat on budget airlines. On Ryanair and easyJet, passengers can pay to reserve a seat before travelling. However, passengers will be allocated a free seat if they do not pay. For a short-haul flight there’s often no point paying to sit with travel companions and an allocated seat will save money. It could even be seen as a blessing to have some time apart after a stressful family holiday.