The Russian President continuously tapped his feet during a clip of his meeting in Moscow with Tajikistan's President Emomali Rahmon. Putin was sitting in a chair holding the arm with his right hand, while his left hand was in his lap. The Russian leader is seen erratically moving his left foot around before doing the same with his right foot. It comes amid rumours over the state of Putin's health in recent months. He was seen slouching and tightly gripping a table during a televised meeting with Russian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu last month. The Russian President looked bloated and constantly tapped his right foot on the floor. Professor Erik Bucy, a body language expert from Texas Tech University, told The Sun: “It’s an astonishingly weakened Putin compared to the man we observed even a few years ago.” The Russian leader further fuelled speculation over his health by covering his legs with a blanket at Victory Day celebrations in Moscow last week. He was seen with the blanket over his lap at the military parade in stark contrast to the strongman image he has tried to project in the past. Journalist John Sweeney, who has been reporting from Ukraine, tweeted: "Vladimir Putin - a blanket on his knees, his cheeks full, a hamster stuffed with steroids - cuts a weak and enfeebled figure as Russian Army rolls past the Kremlin. READ MORE: Putin's mimicry of Hitler's foreign policy in chilling speech  "No declaration of big war; no call-up; no General Gerasimov. Listen: you can hear the knives being sharpened." Former head of the British Army Lord Dannatt said Putin looked "puffy" and did not appear to be "moving freely". Lord Dannatt told Sky News: "I was really just commenting on how President Putin looked. "He doesn't seem to be moving as freely and as easily as one has seen him do to in the past. DON'T MISS‘Putin has achieved nothing’ Ukraine war in tatters [INSIGHT]What Vladimir Putin will do next over NATO expansion threat [ANALYSIS]Ukraine LIVE: Cunning Kremlin plot backfires [LIVE BLOG] "I think we've all commented that, actually, he looked pretty puffy around the face. "I don't know how well or how unwell he is, there's people circulating rumours he's got cancer of some sort. I don't know. "But if he goes under a bus, metaphorically or realistically, will the replacement be more any better?" It comes after Putin launched his brutal invasion of Ukraine in February. Moscow has been forced to switch the focus of its offensive to the eastern region of the Donbas - which was already part-held by pro-Moscow separatists - after their advance on Kyiv was pushed back. In its latest assessment, British military intelligence said Russia may have lost a third of the invasion force it sent into Ukraine. The Ministry of Defence (MoD) said the Russian campaign in the east of Ukraine had "lost momentum" and was now "significantly behind schedule". Meanwhile in another blow to Putin, Finland and Sweden have announced they want to join the Nato military alliance. 