Netweather meteorologist Paul Michaelwaite has said that the country can expect the stormy weather conditions to hit this week. However, he said it should settle down towards the weekend as high pressure moves in. Weather forecaster WXCharts has predicted highs of 21C in the south on Friday. The north will reach up to 15C, while Scotland will see maximum temperatures of 13C. Richard Miles from the Met Office told Express.co.uk that temperatures may feel "quite warm" in the sun. He also warned that the UK could see "heavy showers with possible thunder or hail" throughout this week, saying that temperatures "will be cool for the time of year". Mr Michaelwaite told Express.co.uk: "To start with, the weather will be cool with low pressure overhead; there'll be sunny spells and showers, some of which will be heavy and thundery. "The second half will see high pressure starting to get more involved, with warmer temperatures and more sunshine. "But there is still a dose of uncertainty over the Jubilee Weekend, with the threat that lower pressure may not be too far away from the UK at times. "Monday will start on a pretty chilly note, with temperatures widely down into single figures across the UK. "There'll be showers from the off, which will become more widespread and heavier as the day wears on. READ MORE: Brits brace for Jubilee washout as 'heavy rain' forecasted in places "Some will become quite spicy, with some hail and thunder added to the mix. "Not everyone will catch a downpour, though, and there should be some brighter or sunny spells between them. "Temperatures won't be especially warm - peaking at 14-16c in the south, 10-14c further north." Speaking about the Jubilee weekend, he said: "High pressure is set to be more involved than during the first part of the week, so there is very likely to be a lot of fine, sunny and warm weather to be had, but we do have some potential complications that need keeping an eye on. DON'T MISS: 'Loose cannon' jet stream to spark erratic heavy rain over Jubilee [ANALYSIS] BBC Weather: Northern wind to deliver 'shock to the system’ [INSIGHT]UK weather: Brits to bask in weekend sun as mercury climbs [REPORT] "Thursday, most of England and Wales should start the weekend with good spells of sunshine. "Beyond Thursday, high pressure will try to build, most likely up through the western half of the British Isles. "Once again, that should make for a good amount of warm, settled weather." Speaking to Express.co.uk, the Met Office's Mr Miles added: "This week looks like starting with showers and sunny spells, then settling down by the weekend. "Most places look like they will be fine and dry over the bank holiday, with temperatures around average for the time of year, possibly feeling quite warm in the south when the sun is out. "We’re not expecting significant stormy weather over the next few days but there is the chance of isolated heavy showers with possible thunder or hail at times. "Temperatures will be cool for the time of year, particularly in the north, but trending back towards average by later in the week."