Megan McKenna, 29, has opened up about her experience touring with the legendary Tom Jones, 81, and revealed that they shared a very tender moment backstage. The X Factor: Celebrity winner joined Tom for his Surrounded By Time concert last year and they travelled the UK together. In a new interview with Express.co.uk, Megan said joining Tom on the road was “amazing”. The Celebrity MasterChef finalist gushed: “He is just such a legend. “I am doing more shows with him this year so it will be nice to get back on the road with him. “I had a chat with him backstage and he said he really likes my voice, so that was a massive, massive compliment.” READ MORE:BBC's Deborah James bids farewell as she moves to hospice at home care Megan’s music career has gone from strength to strength and she also performed with Michael Ball and Alfie Boe on their recent Christmas tour. This year, as well as joining forces with Tom Jones again, Megan will open for McFly in September. The country singer went on: “I am so grateful to be on tour with such legends and to be able to build my following by meeting all the thousands of people in the crowd. “I've been in the studio and I'm writing so many songs. Very, very soon I'm going to be releasing new music and I can't wait to get it all out.” Megan’s talents don’t stop there, however, and she has also released a brand-new cookbook: Can You Make That Gluten-Free? The Celebrity Big Brother star’s motivation to write the book came from her struggles with coeliac disease and wheat intolerance. Diagnosed with the condition when she was just 10 years old, she is unable to eat any gluten whatsoever. If she does, her immune system will attack her own tissues and she could suffer excruciating symptoms including abdominal pain, bloating and diarrhoea. DON'T MISSDennis Waterman spent last years ‘doing f*** all’ in Spain[INSIGHT]Bill Turnbull reacts to Deborah James' fight amid his cancer battle[LATEST]Lorraine Kelly pays tribute to Deborah James after final post[NEWS] Discussing her book, Megan explained: “I think people get so scared when you say 'gluten-free'. They think they have to eat something really plain and boring, but you can make everything gluten-free. “If people follow the recipes in my book, they will be really surprised. There is a bit of everything in there from starters to cakes, posh dinners and cheaper meals.” Megan also proved her skills in the kitchen when she took part in Celebrity MasterChef last year. She stunned judges Gregg Wallace and John Torode with her gluten-free dishes and made it all the way to the final. Megan recalled: “One of the main reasons why I wanted to do that show was to prove to people that you can eat good food that is gluten-free. “When I would make food, the critics and John and Gregg used to say that they would never be able to tell that it was gluten-free, and that was my aim, so I was so happy." Can You Make That Gluten-Free? By Megan McKenna is published by Hamlyn, £20.00, www.octopusbooks.co.uk