Half a million carers in the UK are missing out on £278.80 every four weeks from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). On top of this they could be eligible for further financial support saving them thousands of pounds. While one in seven people care for someone else in the UK, not everyone is receiving all the financial help they are entitled to from the DWP. Some 500,000 people are estimated to be missing out on Carer’s Allowance which could top up their income by £69.70 per week - £3,624.40 over a year - if they are caring for someone for at least 35 hours a week. People don’t need to be related to, or living with, the person they are caring for to make a claim. However, it is means tested so claimants will need to inform the DWP about their earnings. READ MORE: Inheritance tax: Seven easy ways to slash HMRC bill To qualify for Carer’s Allowance, people need to be caring for someone and earning no more than £132 a week. They might help them with tasks like cooking, cleaning or washing. Alternatively, it could be to take them to doctor’s appointments or help with managing household bills. The person they are caring for must be on certain benefits, like Personal Independence Payments (PIP) or Attendance Allowance. DON'T MISSState pension to hit £10,600 as triple lock returns - £1,000 extra [UPDATE]Unpaid carers struggle: ‘How am I meant to survive?’ [WARNING]Council tax refunds: 25 councils due to payout £150 in May [ALERT] How much is Carer’s Allowance in 2022? Carer’s Allowance payments increased in April by 3.1 percent which works out at an increase of £2 per week. That increase means Carer’s Allowance is currently worth £69.70 a week or £278 every four weeks. People who qualify for Carer’s Allowance could be entitled to additional benefits and freebies which could be worth a lot more. Carers can also apply for a Carer’s Card giving them free access to hundreds of attractions including the National Trust. They might also be eligible for a free bus pass and discounted council tax if they are living with the person they are caring for. In the winter months they could also be entitled to help towards energy bills. People can find out more at Carers UK - a charity which campaigns for better rights for carers. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Meanwhile, people who don’t qualify for Carer’s Allowance might be able to claim Carer’s Credit instead. This is a National Insurance credit to fill up the gaps in one’s record which may impact their state pension. Carers must be between the ages of 16 and state pension age and caring for someone for at least 20 hours per week. To find out whether they could be eligible for Carer’s Allowance, Britons can go to Gov.uk.