For years, researchers have closely observed how cancer cells evolve - but none of their findings has pointed them to a cure thus far. Homing in on risk factors, however, has proven helpful. Environmental factors, such as diet, are believed to be key drivers of cancer, but the timing of meals could also be implicated in the risk. A study conducted by the Barcelona Institute for Global Health suggested the timing of your last meal of the day could affect your risk of breast and prostate cancer. The findings of the study suggested that eating before 9 pm, or leaving at least two hours between dinner and bedtime, could lower the risk of each cancer by 20 percent. The research looked at data from 621 participants diagnosed with prostate cancer and 1,205 patients with breast cancer. Because both diseases are inextricably linked with late-night work patterns, researchers made sure to exclude such patients from the study. READ MORE: Mouth cancer symptoms: Are you experiencing ear pain? Check with your GP After adjusting for all factors influential on the risk of cancer, results showed that individuals who had their supper before 9 pm or at least two hours before retiring to bed, had a 26 lower risk of developing prostate cancer and a 16 percent lower risk for breast cancer, compared to those who ate after 10 or slept shorty after their meal. Doctor Manolis Kogevinas, who led the study, said the results highlighted the importance of addressing circadian rhythms in studies on diet and cancer. Should they be confirmed, the findings could have implications for cancer prevention recommendations, said the author. “The impact could be especially important in cultures such as those of Southern European, where people have supper late,” noted Doctor Kogevinas. There is growing evidence pointing to the importance of adhering to daily eating patterns and prolonging the time between the last meal and sleep. In other epidemiological studies, disruption to the circadian rhythm has been found to be an implication in the risk of cancers of the prostate, breast, colon, liver, pancreas, ovary and lung. The circadian rhythm refers to a set of internal systems that dictate the physical, mental and behavioural changes that follow a 24-hour cycle. This internal clock interacts closely with the pathways involved in homeostasis and metabolism. According to Nature, disruptions to the clock “caused by environmental, genetic and pathological risk factors promote cancer onset and progression". In previous research, scientists have managed to identify several mechanisms that underscore the effect of diet on the circadian rhythm. Experiments have shown that insulin - a hormone released when we eat - adjusts the rhythm in different cells and tissues individually. Doctor Brian Gonzalez, studies the mechanisms of the body clock in a bid to prolong life quality for cancer patients and survivors. According to the expert, there is evidence that disruptions to the body's circadian rhythm impair its ability to fight off diseases like cancer. He likens the effects of circadian clock disruptions to having jet lag without leaving town. Ways to keep it intact include adhering to a regular sleep schedule during the workweek and avoiding a radically different schedule during the weekend. As pointed out in the study, however, it is equally important to pay close attention to the timing of your meals, as eating food is another cue that alerts the body that it is daytime.