The slayings in Bermondsey grabbed the nation’s attention because they were not your typical knife crime, the kind mothers worry about. Teenagers are routinely stabbed in parks, in streets and even in schools – places where police could get a better idea of potential perpetrators and make them think twice about attacking. But you rarely see officers in these areas. There’s a vacuum of authority often filled by vicious thugs. Police seem more concerned about high-profile cases. Common knifings are accepted as normal. This has to stop. The police need to focus on the crimes affecting ordinary people, every day. The wrong people are in charge. Sacking a few civil servants in the Home Office might be a start. Have cyclists become the most boring and annoying individuals on the planet? I don’t wish to stop anybody from having their fun, but when you are taking part in something as dangerous as road cycling you do need a certain level of skill and awareness. You’ve got the older ones wobbling all over the road obviously not listening for traffic, then you’ve got the families with kids that seem to be out of control, and then there are those who think they may be Olympians in ridiculously tight Lycra with their heads down trying to win a race. If you’re going to get your kicks from riding a bike, you should at least be identifiable with a number plate. You should be insured and you should be made to obey the Highway Code. And now drivers can only overtake if they have a metre-and-a-half distance. Which lamebrain came up with that? Some cycle lanes aren’t that wide! This obsession with thinking you’re saving the planet has gone too far. Cyclists should be confined to tracks. I don't want to upset my old friend Tony Blackburn, not least because he was one of the inspirations 50 years ago for me to get into broadcasting and I love him dearly. He lost his sister to Covid last year and a few days ago said that he “cannot forgive” politicians who broke their own rules when he couldn’t be with her. I know how sad he is and I send him my love and condolences. But everybody going on about how they couldn’t be with their loved ones at the end and blaming that on Boris is very wrong. Boris couldn’t be with his mother at the end and I don’t believe any politician broke the rules by going into a hospital or care home when they weren’t allowed to. I am very sorry for all those of you who wanted to be with loved ones but couldn’t because of the Covid restrictions but the way opposition MPs are using this against our leader and some of their own, I find quite disgusting. The indignity and moral outrage of some of these old idiots in Parliament needs to be called out. If you can’t run the country, don’t be an MP and if you continue to go on about Partygate, you will lose all credibility. Trust me, the public has had enough. So the Prevent counter-terrorism initiative isn’t working. Who knew? Actually, just about all of us because neither the probation system, the judiciary nor the police seem to be working in the interests of you and me. If you commit murder – a child murder in particular – then you should never be allowed out of prison. If you have tried and failed to carry out a terrorist attack, you should also never be allowed out. As for so-called Islamist extremists in prison who wish to be treated in accordance with their religion, forget it. Once you have attempted to kill innocent people you no longer have the right to any religious concessions. In fact, when evidence is totally conclusive, as now it often is, they should bring back the death penalty. What is all this rubbish about when we should be allowed to drink? Even in this modern age, we have a ridiculous cut-off point for public houses as, apparently, we cannot be trusted to behave ourselves. For those of us who work until one o’clock in the morning, it would be nice to be able to pop to a bar for a glass of wine, a G&T or a beer. But because the powers that be seem to think we are too thick and stupid in this country to be able to behave ourselves, the Government says no. The nanny state is getting worse, which you would not expect under the Tories. If people behave badly, get drunk and make the streets a menace, then arrest them and sling them inside, rather than giving them a caution. Fine them heavily and if they moan about not having enough money, they shouldn’t be drinking in the first place. We are too soft. Why shouldn’t those of us who enjoy an occasional drink be able to go about our lives the way we want, simply because of a minority who cannot cope? Napier University is teaching midwives that men can get pregnant! Who comes up with this drivel and why are they still working in education? A university that allows this rubbish really shouldn’t be a university. Apparently, students taking the course were too embarrassed to contradict the lecturer because they were frightened of being cancelled. People who run universities like this should hang their heads in shame. When is this stupidity going to end? Of course, minorities should be respected and of course, they should be included, but not to the extent that we start telling ridiculous lies. And where has the balance gone? Men cannot have babies They can help make them but they ain’t giving birth. Maybe I should become a lecturer.  I cannot understand why anybody thinks giving the vote to 16-year-olds is a good idea. Not that young people shouldn’t take an interest in the running of what will become their responsibility in the future. But most of the ones I know are more interested in music and dating. Only politicians not in the majority are in favour of these teenagers casting their ballot, to twist democracy in their favour. It’s simple. Voting at 18 is fine, but at 16 you’ve got other things to do. Angela Rayner, above, was very quick to be outraged over some MP saying she showed off her legs to distract Boris, but now it seems that she herself thought it was a bit of a laugh. A number of MPs were having drinks on the terrace of the House of Commons, including Angela, and somebody overheard them laughing about it, which is of course how we find out about political intrigue. Perhaps it’s time for those at the top of certain political parties to be a little more statesmanlike, Angela.