Nicola Sturgeon was asked whether she was disappointed by the latest polls showing the campaign in favour of Scottish independence still has a long way to go before securing a victory. The SNP leader has been pushing to hold a new referendum by 2023, reiterating her belief an independent Scotland would be better off. Good Morning Britain host Richard Madeley read out the results of the most recent polls on independence, noting "it must be disappointing" to see support has not surged seven years after the first vote. Mr Madeley said: "The latest YouGov poll has 39 percent of people living in Scotland saying yes to independence but 44 percent saying no. "After seven and a half years, that must be disappointing for you." Ms Sturgeon insisted she did not take the potential results for granted but said she remains "convinced" people will vote to break up the Union. She also noted the YouGov poll results were much better than any of the surveys recorded before the first vote on Scottish independence in 2014. JUST IN: Boris-backing Tory MP quashes leadership rumours amid reports Jeremy Hunt is preparing bid  She said: "Look, I think when we come to make the choice on independence again, I'm convinced people will vote yes. "But if I cast my mind back a few years before the 2014 referendum, you wouldn't even have had that level of support for Yes. "There is definitely a strong support for Scotland becoming independent. But I don't take that for granted. "People who want that like me have got to make the case and we've got to make a case that is relevant in the world we live in. But that's an argument and a debate I relish." READ MORE: Putin's nuke blackmail threat unravels 'St Petersburg and Moscow wiped out in 90 seconds!' The latest YouGov poll has 39 percent of people living in Scotland saying yes to independence but 44 percent saying no. After seven and a half years, that must be disappointing for you. Despite the poll results, Ms Sturgeon said on Sunday she remains set on her plans to hold a new vote by the end of 2023. She insisted the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict and the uncertainty that comes with it will not affect her plans. Speaking on the campaign trail in Glasgow, she said: "I’ve not changed my position on the timescale we won the mandate for in the election last year.” DON'T MISS: SNP slammed as 'irresponsible' as Nicola Sturgeon snubs union benefit [REPORT]FMQs: Sturgeon skewered over SNP's 'primary school' excuses [REVEAL]Marr says SNP independence dream died after Putin invaded Ukraine [INSIGHT] In a series of media appearances over the weekend, the Scottish First Minister also confirmed an independent Scotland under the SNP would not rely on nuclear weapons. She said her party would seek to join NATO and argued Scotland would not require nuclear as the majority of members of the alliance currently do not have such weapons. Ms Sturgeon said: "I would like to see an independent Scotland being a non-nuclear member of NATO. "Remember, the vast majority in the world don't have nuclear weapons. "I think we're reminded right now of the massive danger caused by nuclear weapons. "I would like an independent Scotland – albeit it is a small country, we have a strategically important geographic position in the North Atlantic – to be a constructive and participating member of NATO."