As part of Elon Musk's planned Twitter takeover, he pledged to improve free speech on the site and remove fake accounts. The news led Twitter’s share price to plunge 20 percent, to around $36 in premarket trading, over fears that the deal could not go through. The stock was already trading well below Mr Musk’s offer of $54.20 per share. The deal has been put "temporarily" on ice over details around the number of spam and fake accounts present on the site. Mr Musk said the deal is now on hold "pending details supporting calculation that spam/fake accounts do indeed represent less than five percent of users". The news that about five percent of Twitter's users were fake accounts was unveiled a fortnight ago. READ MORE: Elon Musk fears he may ‘mysteriously die’ after aiding Ukraine Mr Musk said he was "still committed to acquisition" despite the holdback, in a tweet on Friday afternoon. The soon-to-be owner did not divulge his exact concerns over fake accounts. Analysts have said Mr Musk's issues with the platform's fake accounts are likely linked to his plans to boost the platform's revenue via subscriptions and increased advertising. Hargreaves Lansdown's Susannah Streer said: "Musk's Twitter takeover was always destined to be a bumpy ride, and now it risks hitting the skids over the number of fake accounts on the platform. "Twitter's share price plunged by around 18 percent in pre-market trading following his tweet indicating the deal was temporarily on hold. "He is clearly intent on querying the company's estimate that spam accounts make up less than five percent of active daily users - a key metric given that establishing an accurate number of real tweeters is considered to be key to future revenue streams via advertising or paid for subscriptions on the site. "There will also be questions raised over whether fake accounts are the real reason behind this delaying tactic, given that promoting free speech rather than focusing on wealth creation appeared to be his primary motivation for the takeover. "The 44 billion dollar price tag is huge, and it may be a strategy to row back on the amount he is prepared to pay to acquire the platform." DON'T MISSMusk ferries NASA astronauts back to to Earth after Russia threat [INSIGHT]Musk plans secret product codenamed 'X' in Twitter takeover [REPORT]Stock market freefall as Rolls-Royce suffers 'worst year on record' [ANALYSIS] Twitter’s board had accepted the buyout offer, but the deal could still take months to complete. He had agreed to pay a $1 billion break fee to Twitter if he walked away from the deal. Neil Campling, head of TMT research at Mirabaud Equity Research, has doubts over the Tesla chief's ability to see the deal through. He said: “The tragi-comedy continues and the Twitter situation is nothing short of laughable. "We’d always said Musk may cut or run or change his tune at the 11th hour and 59 minutes and 59 seconds on the clock. We’re not even close to the 11th hour yet. Farcical. "Musk has never had the full funding – we know that from his constant attempts to get financial support – but he also held all the cards. "The Twitter board have been held hostage and only have themselves to blame for this mess. "No other buyer will emerge – if Musk decides he is still interested he can 'name his price'… and it won’t be higher!"