Many celebrities made sure to stun onlookers at the BAFTA TV Awards with memorable outfits, making the competition for best dressed almost impossible to decide. Michelle Keegan brought Hollywood-inspired glamour to the red carpet as she posed in a light pink glittering gown. The gown featured ruffled detailing, as well as a large thigh-high slit showing off the actress' toned pins. Posing for pictures, Michelle held out the gown's elegant trail, as she strutted the red carpet with her husband, Mark Wright. Others making sure to stand out included Tess Daly, who rocked a skintight green dress. The one-shoulder dress featured eye-catching embellished detailing that sparkled in the London sun, as she accompanied the outfit with gold jewellery and stilettos. Former Strictly Come Dancing couple Rose Ayling-Ellis and Giovanni Pernice made sure to complement each other as they both wore black to the event. Rose looked lovely in a black silk gown, while Giovanni looked more than dapper in a bow tie and suit. Nicola Coughlan made sure to bring an element of Netflix's Bridgerton with her to the red carpet as she posed in a large princessy gown. The top of the gown included bow detailing and she wore her hair in its signature blonde waves. Olympian Tom Daley showed off his bold take on menswear, as he posed in a bright fitted suit. The cream suit included blue and green patterns, making sure Tom stood out from the crowd. Steph McGovern, meanwhile, strutted her way to the red carpet in a black gown, drawing in her petite waist. Good Morning Britain's Charlotte Hawkins looked worlds away from her morning attire, as she wore a bright red gown to the event with her hair back in a slick ponytail. The Virgin Media BAFTA TV Awards recognises the television highlights viewers enjoyed in 2021, with hit, critically acclaimed shows including It’s A Sin, We Are Lady Parts, Landscapers, Help and Time leading the nominations. The star-studded ceremony is being held at the Royal Festival Hall in London today.