The Last Kingdom returned to Netflix for its final outing this year and fans were excited to see Uhtred (played by Alexander Dreymon) claim back his homeland, Bebbanburg. Throughout the series his character found himself romantically involved with a number of women, leaving fans to wonder who he was dating off-screen. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the star's relationship status. Alexander Dreymon rose to global stardom as Uhtred in the Anglo-Saxon series, The Last Kingdom. Having played the role since 2015, the series has become a huge part of his life. Thankfully, fans of the German actor will see him again in a follow-on film, Seven Kings Must Die. Filming has wrapped on the feature-length movie, which will air on Netflix. Besides his role in The Last Kingdom, his other recent projects include the 2020 film, Horizon Line. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom star ‘didn’t want to do’ pivotal King Edward scene This is how he reportedly met his girlfriend, Allison Williams, who played Sara Johnson in the same film. Dreymon starred as Jackson Davisen in the Swedish adventure thriller and the pair were on-screen lovers. Their romantic relationship seems to have continued off-screen, albeit they prefer to keep a low profile. Neither has spoken about the other on social media, but speaking of their relationship, a source told People: "They seemed to be very happy and very much in love." They had been spotted enjoying a family holiday in the Bahamas recently. The source added: "[They] haven't been hiding or anything. They've just been doing their best to keep a low profile." Allison is followed by Dreymon's The Last Kingdom co-stars, Eliza Butterworth and Stefanie Martini, on Instagram. Allison, 34, is an American actress best known for starring in the HBO series, Girls. She rose to fame after playing Rose Armitage in the horror film Get Out and later appeared in the small-screen adaptation of A Series of Unfortunate Events. The actress's father is NBC Nightly News anchor and managing editor Brian Williams. DON'T MISS... The Last Kingdom: What major change did the series make to Brida? [DISCUSSION] The Last Kingdom’s Sigtryggr star teases spin-off [INSIGHT] The Last Kingdom’s Eliza Butterworth pays tribute to co-star [DISCUSSION] Her mother is TV producer Jane Gillan Stoddard, and she has a younger brother. As for her personal life, she began dating entrepreneur Ricky Van Veen in 2011 and they were engaged in 2014. The pair tied the knot in 2015 but issued a joint statement about their divorce four years later. Allison has not been active on Instagram since July 2020, but she has been very busy with work. She has just joined Blumhouse Productions to star and executive produce M3GAN, an upcoming sci-fi horror film. The star was born in Connecticut and attended Yale University, where she majored in English. Before her small-screen acting debut, she was a member of the improv comedy troupe Just Add Water for four years. The star continued a well-established tradition when she played the title character in Peter Pan Live! on NBC. Females are known to portray the lead role in the musical. The Last Kingdom seasons 1-5 are on Netflix now.