Ross Brawn has backed Lewis Hamilton to continue in F1 next season despite his struggles so far in 2022. Back in February, the seven-time world champion ended speculation he would retire from the sport after the controversial 2021 finish in Abu Dhabi, where he was dubiously denied another title. Instead, he voiced his desire to make history with the Silver Arrows and win an unprecedented eighth crown - but that looks unlikely this season. A challenge hasn't materialised this time around, with the Silver Arrows seriously struggling to adapt to the new technical regulations introduced into the sport. Hamilton himself sits sixth in the drivers' standings, having just amassed 46 points so far. After his sole podium finish in Bahrain in the season-opener, the British icon has endured some difficult moments. In Saudi Arabia, he exited qualifying in Q1, and then at Emilia Romagna he was lapped by 2021 title rival Max Verstappen as he laboured to a 13th placed finish. There were signs of promise in Barcelona last weekend though, with Hamilton recovering from a first-lap puncture to finish fifth. Team-mate George Russell, who has found consistency this season to sit fourth overall on 74 points, was third. JUST IN: F1 bosses and Monaco in talks as iconic Grand Prix at real risk of being axed And Brawn, 67, has dismissed the prospect of Hamilton walking away any time soon. “Amid all the glitz and the glamour, you still have a very determined racing driver,” he told the Evening Standard. “He’s still supremely fit and capable. I’m pretty certain he wants to win that eighth championship and, if not this year as looks likely, then next year. “I don’t know enough about what Mercedes’ issues are to know if they can be fixed with the concept of car they have or whether they have to review the concept. They’ll sort it out I’m sure - but it’s obviously very fragile what they’re dealing with.” DON'T KNOW:Martin Brundle calls out Max Verstappen over temper tantrums - 'Still on a short fuse'F1 CEO has glasses broken by former driver during charity football matchMcLaren boss makes damning Daniel Ricciardo claim as Lando Norris outclassing Aussie Toto Wolff and co are set to benefit from new upgrades as they push to cut the gap between themselves and front-runners Ferrari and Red Bull. And whilst Hamilton has also publicly written off his own hopes of winning the title in 2021. Regardless, the 37-year-old has still been in the thick of it with F1 bosses. He's recently been embroiled in a row over his wearing of jewellery, potentially risking a ban from the Monaco Grand Prix this weekend.