Slugs prefer to eat young plants because it is thought they prefer the taste. There are many ways to get rid of slugs and keep them out of the garden and it is recommended to try all natural options before using chemicals. Chris Connett, founder of GardeningExpress.co.uk, said: “May is all about summer prep, it’s the perfect time to complete small tasks that ensure your garden will thrive in warmer temperatures. “This is the ideal time to begin planting vegetables and mulch your existing plants for their longevity. “You can also start to plant the last of the summer bulbs, carry on deadheading and create some natural pest deterrents. “By aiming to get all this prep done now, you can make sure your garden is ready for you to enjoy throughout the summer.” Garden pests can be a nuisance for gardeners who have spent lots of time preparing crops and plants. READ MORE: How to get rid of snails from your garden - 6 easy and natural methods Pests which may ruin the garden include slugs, snails, caterpillars and ants. At this time of year, gardeners may see slug damage more than other pest damage. This is because slugs are particularly attracted to tender plants. To help protect the garden, GardeningExpress recommended making a “natural deterrent”. DON'T MISS:Cheap ‘hack’ to deep clean your dishwasher - will ‘break down’ dirt [EXPERT]Homes Under the Hammer buyer boosts house value by £120k [VIDEO]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘super cheap’ hack to unblock sinks [COMMENT] They said: “If you’re looking for poison-free pest deterrent options, consider these two solutions to protect your garden growth. “Scoop out a grapefruit or melon and place it near your plants. “The slugs will be more attracted to the fruit.” GardeningExpress said the fruit acts as a “trap” and gardeners can then remove the slugs from the garden. The experts added: “Alternatively, you can purchase natural wool pellets. “Place around your plant and water. “They soon expand and become an itchy deterrent that slugs refuse to go near.” The gardening experts also recommended gardeners now grow some tomatoes, tidy bedding plants and begin to mow your lawn. GardeningExpress experts said: “If you haven’t begun taking care of your grass already then May is the perfect time to start getting it in shape for the hotter months. “If your lawn is slightly overgrown, it’s advisable to keep the blades raised high and gradually lower them closer to summer. “If you rush and attempt to cut it all in one go, you will be left with a very uneven finish. “Patience is key for the best mowing results.”