Aaron Wan-Bissaka has been told he could move to Atletico Madrid to end his Manchester United nightmare. That is the verdict from former Red Devils star Paul Parker, who believes the defender has become a scapegoat at Old Trafford. Wan-Bissaka has been tipped to make the move to Atletico Madrid after becoming United's scapegoat this season. The rigs-back has fallen out of favour since the arrival of Ralf Rangnick. The 24-year-old has made just seven Premier League appearances since the German arrived to replace Ole Gunnar Solskjaer earlier in the season. Diogo Dalot has been the preferred option while there is talk that incoming manager Erik ten Hag wants to bring in another full-back. That could further danger for Wan-Bissaka, who already was battling for his position last year when Kieran Trippier was being tipped to sign and contend for his position. A transfer away has been touted while a return to Crystal Palace has not been ruled out. But Parker believes that a loan to Atletico Madrid could be exactly what the former England Under-21 international needs to get his career back on track. Speaking to MyBettingSites, he said: "If he (Aaron Wan-Bissaka) is gonna go to Spain, which is more technical and help improve him, go to play for Atletico Madrid. "The one thing that Atletico Madrid would love about him is that he ain’t gonna need much coaching about how to defend in one against one. He would learn a little bit more about unity within a back four in a traditional sense. “Hopefully, he won’t come back too ill-disciplined, cause there’s always a chance when you go and play for Atletico Madrid for (Diego) Simeone. The way they play. But I think if it is going to happen, it will serve him well to go there and maybe to come back. “It might be a really good move for him just to go on and play in that league. Maybe it will be a good learning process for him. Wan-Bissaka has been made a scapegoat at Man Utd - Diego Dalot is not a better player than Aaron Wan-Bissaka. “Because after what’s going on at Manchester United, in the way the press talks about him, he’s been made a little bit of a scapegoat, to be perfectly honest. If I look at it, is Dalot a better player than Wan-Bissaka? No, he’s not. “No way, all-around, you’re better off with Wan-Bissaka there (at right-back) than with Dalot, cause when you look at some things first and foremost you want a right-back who can defend and they haven’t got that."