Britney Spears, 40, has been living her life under her own rules since she was finally freed from her conservatorship in February. The Toxic singer has been able to post whatever she wants, as she is now away from the control of her father and former conservator Jamie Spears. However, recently, the singer has posted several snaps in a row showing her posing totally naked, to the alarm of many of her followers. Last night was no different, as she shared a series of posts in view of her 41 million Instagram followers. Britney shared a total of three nude posts that were either repeated, or used different emojis and filters. The pregnant star wore her hair up as she covered her assets with her hand, and used a heart emoji to protect her modesty. The first was captioned: "Photo dump of the last time I was in Mexico BEFORE there was a baby inside me … why the heck do I look 10 years younger on vacation?" She captioned the following post: "Don’t underestimate the power of doing it myself and shooting with a selfie stick !!! Photo dump before there was a child inside me !!!" She later penned: "I love you all SSSSSSSSSOOOOOOOOOO much !!!!" (sic) Many of her followers took to the post's comments to share their alarm over Britney's very revealing posts. Sneakyfox101 said: "Babydoll you need some real friends. Friends don't let you post stuff like this. I mean that with love, think about your babies." Rarebirdmelanie added: "Love you Brit, but it’s time to take it down a notch with the naked pics on social media." However, others offered their support to the singer for being herself. Breatheheavy said: "For years, Britney was forced to be silent and controlled against her will so others could gain money and power. "They tried to destroy her, but she's resilient. If she wants to pose naked then that's her right. If it makes you uncomfortable... GOOD. #britneyspears." Britney claimed she was forced to use contraception during her conservatorship, with her finally announcing her long-awaited pregnancy on April 11. The father of the child is her fiancé Sam Ashaghari, with the pair being together since 2016.