Much fanfare erupted over Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and Prince William's attendance at the Top Gun: Maverick premiere last week when the suited-and-booted royal couple took to the red carpet with Hollywood legend Tom Cruise. But Tom's decision to hold Kate's hand as she tried to navigate steps in a long dress and heels sent tongues wagging over a supposed breach of the royal 'rules'.  Although the Royal Family doesn't speak publicly of protocols, the Royal Family are thought to adhere to a host of unwritten rules. And while those meeting the royals are unlikely to be called out for it, there are certainly defined rules regarding how to greet and address a royal. The Royal Family's website includes details on how to use the correct titles, curtsey and neck bow when meeting the Queen or another royal. But the debate over the Duchess of Cambridge's encounter with Tom Cruise stems from the belief that people are not supposed to touch members of the Royal Family unless they offer their hand in the first place.  READ MORE: Michael Sheen claimed Queen 'shoved him away' during OBE event One outlet highlighted how Kate moved her bag into the hand Tom had been holding after he released it, perhaps in awareness that protocol had been breached. But royal journalist and author Omid Scobie has labelled any discussion of protocol as "fictitious nonsense" following the backlash over the Top Gun premiere. Mr Scobie wrote on Twitter: "If you've followed royal news for a while, huffy headlines about protocol breaches will be familiar territory. "To many, they seem believable—but here's why tales of rule violations are nothing but fictitious nonsense."   In his column for Yahoo! UK, Mr Scobie went on to explain how Meghan Markle had been often been portrayed as breaking royal protocol when she was a working member of the Royal Family. Mr Scobie wrote: "Whether it was her nail polish colour, choice of tights (or, gasp, no tights), the way she curtsied, her choice of make-up, the cut of her clothes, crossing her legs while sitting, her choice of words, the social issues she discussed… a day didn’t go by without an article about the Duchess' many breaches." Fans of Meghan have waded into the debate on Twitter with one user, @vaguelyvirgo, writing: "I remember the bizarre 'breaches' that only Duchess Meghan broke. "Only to look it up myself & see the Queen, Anne, Kate & the Yorks doing the exact same thing & not a word about how it broke the rules.  DON'T MISS:Why Queen used £62K buggy at Chelsea Flower Show [INSIGHT]The best pictures of the Queen at the Chelsea Flower Show [PICTURES]Inside Queen's relationship with five balcony-snubbed grandchildren [ANALYSIS] "Often, they were even praised for something Meghan was attacked for." Another social media user, @XoxoLeigh1, penned: "I remember there being countless articles on Meghan 'breaking protocol', one was because she was clapping too much and not being neutral at Wimbledon when Serena was playing, yet William didn't 'break protocol' when he jumped up and down when his football team scored a goal". And @C_Phillips_Pet said: "Remember when she closed her own car door? The nerve! Lol." Does royal protocol exist or is it "fictitious nonsense"? Have your say in the comments section below! 