Selling your home can be a stressful time, especially if homeowners are not getting any offers near their asking price. Luckily estate agents have shared an easy way to add property value for a cost-effective alternative to renovating a room. The property pros have all agreed that adding the fiddle leaf fig houseplant to homes is one of the best ways of increasing property value fast. Lauren Reynolds, an agent at Compass explains that this houseplant is a favourite amongst buyers. She said: “Fiddle leaf figs and Swiss cheese plants are millennial favourites, and considering that nearly half of homebuyers are millennials, these plants are a must-have.” Lauren suggests that this houseplant's power stems from social media or the HGTV effect, which is influencing the most desirable interior design trends. She added: “They seem to be a go-to for interior design influencers and, as a result, have been trickling down into our everyday design. READ MORE: Property: How to boost house value by 77% through your garden “These plants signal to prospective buyers wellness and life.” Lauren is not alone in her claim that this houseplant can add property value. Jen McConnell, owner of McConnell Real Estate Partners, explained that the fiddle leaf fig is one of the best indoor plants homeowners can choose when selling their home. This is most primarily because of its ability to elevate a room instantly. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: I tested out Mrs Hinch fans’ 75p hack to clean oven racks [TIPS]Weeding tips: How to get rid of weeds using 29p method - ‘effective’ [EXPERT]Cleaning: How to keep spiders out the home using ‘super easy’ way [INSIGHT] Jen said: “The most popular house plant is the fiddle-leaf fig. “You can put it in a cute planter or pop that planter into a woven basket, and it fits right into any room.” The agent recommends emphasising the plant's power by making it taller. This decorating idea will give the fiddle leaf fig even more dominance. What’s more, this can also impress potential buyers further. The estate agent added: “If you want to make it a little taller, grab a larger basket, put books or something sturdy on the bottom and then put it on top of the books. “I also grab smaller fiddle-leaf figs and place them on kitchen countertops, the bathroom vanity, or on open shelves. “They add charm to any room.” A fiddle-leaf fig houseplant can be purchased from as little as £16 at online plant stores. Phadera Flash, the founder of Property Means agrees with the charm this houseplant can have on a property. The agent similarly counts the fiddle leaf fig amongst the most impactful houseplants of the moment, emphasising that this trendy greenery will “sell your house faster”. Phadera adds that the fiddle leaf fig is one of the best choices for sellers – as it has bold leaves, a striking depth of colour, and is easy to maintain. This is especially important during the stress of the buying and selling process.