Manchester United icon Edwin van der Sar paid tribute to incoming Red Devils boss Erik ten Hag after Ajax confirmed their Dutch Eredivisie triumph. Ten Hag is seeing out the season at Ajax, where Van der Sar is chief executive. The Dutch side were confirmed as league champions for the third time under Ten Hag on Wednesday. They thumped Heerenveen 5-0 at the Johan Cruyff Arena to fend off a title challenge from PSV. Ten Hag will join United in the summer after agreeing to replace interim boss Ralf Rangnick. United have been searching for a permanent head coach since sacking Ole Gunnar Solskjaer last November. Former goalkeeper Van der Sar, who now works for Ajax, has bid farewell to Ten Hag. The Dutchman said the 52-year-old was joining a club "close to my heart", and thanked him for playing enjoyable football. JUST IN: Chelsea beat Leeds: Five talking points as Mason Mount superb “Erik, sometimes I thought, 'you are a weird man’. But you surpassed all expectations. Dominant football, Semi-Final Champions League, League titles. You will leave for a club that is close to my heart. I wish you all the best there. Thank you, Erik ten Hag!" Ten Hag has not commented on his future job since his appointment was announced in April. There were even reports that the Dutchman had told United not to contact him while he attempted to win the Dutch title. Ajax have now done that. They smashed Heerenveen at home and lifted the league trophy in front of their supporters. It is the club's third top-flight success under Ten Hag - and comes alongside two KNVB Cups, and a Champions League semi-final. DON'T MISS...Man Utd 'contact Frenkie de Jong's entourage' as timeline setWan-Bissaka tipped for Atletico move after becoming Man Utd scapegoatTen Hag transfer plans in chaos with Man Utd to miss out on 3 targets  Nico Tagliafico, Steven Berghuis and Sebastien Haller scored first half goals on a tremendous evening. Brian Brobbey and Edson Alvarez added gloss to the scoreline in the second period. Ten Hag has a major job on his hands overhauling a United squad that has become stale. Rangnick has failed to improve results since Solskjaer’s sacking, and the Red Devils will likely need to settle for Europa League football next season. United were thumped 4-0 by Brighton last weekend. That dismal result left them sixth in the Premier League and four points behind Tottenham. With just a game to play, it is now impossible for the Old Trafford outfit to qualify for the Champions League - a bitter blow for a club that spent well over £100million last summer. But there was plenty of positive news for United fans on Wednesday. It was reported that the 20-times top-flight champions are ‘close’ to agreeing a deal for Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong, who featured for Ajax under Ten Hag. The club’s U18 side also lifted the FA Youth Cup with recent first-team debutant Alejandro Garnacho scoring a brace in a 3-1 win over Nottingham Forest. As a productive developer of youth, Ten Hag will hope to have some of those talented youngsters around his first-team in pre-season. 