Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti has spoken out after his side beat Liverpool to win the Champions League final on Saturday night. Vinicius Jr was the hero for the La Liga giants, scoring the only goal of the game to give them the trophy. And it means Los Blancos have now won the tournament for a 14th time. Real Madrid entered their showdown against Liverpool as underdogs, despite beating the likes of Chelsea, Manchester City and Paris Saint-Germain on their way to the final. And they sprung yet another upset, with Los Blancos winning 1-0 in Paris. Vinicius Jr scored the only goal of the game, with the Brazil international converting from close range in the 59th minute. And Ancelotti gave a brilliant interview to BT Sport after the game, calling himself a ‘record man’ after he won the tournament for a record fourth time. "I can't believe it,” said the Italian. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “We had a fantastic season. We did really well. It was a difficult game and we suffered a lot, more so in the first half. In the end I think we deserved to win this competition. "We're really happy. What can I say? I can't say more. "I am a record man. I had luck to come here last year and have a fantastic season. A fantastic club, a really good squad with a lot of quality and mental character. "The season was top. "I think we passed through really difficult games. The supporters helped us a lot in the last game. They helped us tonight. We're happy and they're happy." Thibaut Courtois also spoke out. The Belgium international was the star of the show, with the former Chelsea star making numerous saves - with a memorable one from Mohamed Salah particularly eye-catching. And he took aim at his critics following the win, saying: "Yesterday in the press conference I said that when Madrid plays finals they win. “I was on the good side of history. "I saw a lot of tweets coming my way that I would get humbled today it was the other way round. "Today I needed to win a final for my career, for all the hard work to put respect on my name as I don't think I get enough respect, especially in England. “I saw a lot of criticism even after a great season. "I am really proud of the team. We stuck to it and when I needed to be there I was there for the team. “We beat some the best clubs of the world. City and Liverpool were unbelievable this season. They fought to the end in the Premier League, Liverpool won two cups and they were really strong. "We played a great game today. We had one chance and scored it."