Rebecca (played by Mandy Moore), Jack (Milo Ventimiglia) and the rest of the Pearson family sadly won’t be returning to screens after NBC aired the suitably weepy yet cathartic conclusion to This Is Us on Tuesday evening. The cast have since opened up about their experience bringing the critically acclaimed drama to a close, and series regular Mandy had some touching words for her long-time co-star Milo. Mandy and Milo have sung the praises of each other’s performances after working together for six years on the hit TV drama. Tuesday night’s finale delivered several gut punches within the hour, including Rebecca’s funeral in the present day and another stirring performance from Sterling K Brown as Randall agonises over his speech. However, the finale ultimately came down to the little moments which have made the family such a joy to watch over the last few years. The series concluded with a sweet exchange of “I love you" between Jack and Rebecca, an ending which proved surprisingly difficult for the two co-stars. READ MORE: Sally Dexter age: How old is Emmerdale's Faith Dingle star? Milo recalled: “[Mandy] was very worried about that being the last thing. “She was like, ‘I don’t know how I’m going to do this. I’m just going to be a wreck,’ but she wasn’t. She was wonderful and peaceful and beautiful.” Thankfully, Mandy was able to get through the scene without bursting into tears, in part thanks to the trust she has put in Milo over the years. “It was incredible to have that one last opportunity to look in each other’s eyes and recognise what this experience has been like for both of us,” she told TVLine. “I know I will never ever have a partner like him again, in any regard, and I’m really grateful for it. So I just tried to stay present and be in the moment with him.” One last scene between the beloved TV couple served as a bittersweet final note following Rebecca’s death years later in the episode before. While some fans may have been expecting her death to come at the very end of the series, creator Dan Fogelman explained how her passing in the penultimate episode better resonated with the themes explored in This Is Us. “That decision was made really early on,” he revealed. DON'T MISS:NCIS Hawaii’s Vanessa Lachey pens tribute to cast [COMMENT]NCIS star Brian Dietzen addresses future beyond season 20 [UPDATE]Outlander’s Sophie Skelton on Brianna scene ‘pulled’ from series [INTERVIEW]  The reason was the theme of the show, the very thing that’s spoken about at the end of the series. “Just because somebody leaves doesn’t mean the world doesn’t continue and that they don’t continue living on with the family. “So it was important to me that the last episode not be all about Rebecca’s death, and the sadness that revolves around her death, but to actually focus on a day that was just a normal slice of life in this family’s history. Instead of the usual onslaught of gut-wrenching moments and shocking twists for the family, the series finale was a comparatively low-key affair. Although fans will have almost certainly reached for the tissues during Rebecca’s funeral, much of the episode centred around the Pearsons’ lazy Sunday afternoon. Nevertheless, Dan admitted: “In some ways, that’s the most challenging stuff.” This Is Us may not have ended with any bombshell revelations, but its millions of fans were happy to spend one more hour with the show before the credits rolled on the moving family saga. This Is Us is available on NBC in the US and Amazon Prime Video and Disney+ in the UK.