PSV appear to be going to great lengths to prevent Arsenal from poaching star winger Cody Gakpo. The Eredivisie outfit have reportedly devised a ‘special financial construction’ to tempt the 23-year-old to snub a transfer this summer and remain in Eindhoven for at least another season.  PSV are understood to be desperate to retain the services of the Dutch international and have put together a persuasive financial package in order to ensure he stays. According to Eindhovens Dagblad, as per Voetbal Primeur, the Eredivisie runners-up have presented the winger with an offer which includes a bonus on a transfer next summer. The report states that should Gakpo remain with PSV for one more season before sealing an eagerly-anticipated move away, he would stand to 'collect a fair part' of a future transfer fee himself. Should a potential buyer be 'willing to pay €40million' - around £34m - for his services next summer, the Dutch outfit would accept. The move appears to be a ploy from PSV to dissuade Gakpo's lengthy list of suitors from acting on their interest by pushing to sign him this summer. Arsenal are the most heavily linked among Gakpo's rumoured Premier League suitors, which is also said to include Manchester City and Liverpool. JUST IN: Sterling and Jesus missed Man City title parade for same reason  The Gunners in particular are understood to be firmly in the race for Gakpo's sought-after signature, however their failure to secure Champions League football next season may have provided a setback in their pursuit of the winger. Participation in Europe's elite club competition is believed to be an important condition for Gakpo as he contemplates a potential transfer away from Eindhoven this summer. The winger has continued to see his profile rise across the continent in recent months, having enjoyed a stellar season. The attacker struck 21 goals and registered a further 15 assists across 47 appearances in all competitions this campaign - one in which PSV were pipped to the Eredisivie title by Ajax. DON'T MISSLiverpool have four alternatives if Aurelien Tchouameni snubs Reds to join Real Madrid [TRANSFERS]Man City star Raheem Sterling has already made feelings clear on Real Madrid transfer [TRANSFERS]Man Utd 'had angry half-time bust-up' at Liverpool involving Phil Jones and Harry Maguire [REPORT]  Amid interest from across Europe, Gakpo recently admitted he will assess his options this summer, however insisted his priority is to play regular first-team football in order to earn a place in the Netherlands squad at this year's World Cup. Speaking to Dutch outlet De Telegraaf, he recently said: "Anything can happen this summer. "I will now calmly compare all the options and see what is best for me. Staying another year is also an option. It would be a shame if I went somewhere where I wouldn't get a [game] at all and I could miss the World Cup. I'll keep that in mind." 