Jurgen Klopp might find that his four-man transfer wishlist depends on their success in the Champions League this Saturday. Liverpool face Real Madrid in Paris in a repeat of the 2018 final that saw the Reds lose. Liverpool have big plans for the transfer window but they might find that winning the Champions League will be pivotal to their summer. The Reds have the chance to lift the trophy this weekend when they face Real Madrid. That would represent an extremely brilliant season where they have already won the FA Cup and the Carabao Cup. Liverpool could also land their second Champions League trophy in three years. What has been equally as impressive is the club's transfer business in recent years where they have hit the nail on the head every time. The latest acquisition, Luis Diaz, has fitted in seamlessly and looks an absolute gem of a player. But Klopp is not done yet with four players being eyed for summer transfers when the market opens. However, the first piece of business comes this weekend. Victory over Real Madrid will give Liverpool a mammoth Champions League that has a total outlay of £109million. That would be a significant boost to the club's transfer plans this summer. Aberdeen star Calvin Ramsey has been eyed for to provide back-up at right-back where Trent Alexander-Arnold is the only senior option. The Scotsman is not expected to cost a huge amount and might not be dependent on Liverpool's success in the Champions League. However, the remaining three might force the Reds to dip further into their pockets - especially Aurelien Tchouameni who looks close to signing for Real Madrid. It adds a tad more spice to the contest on Saturday where the winner might sway the Frenchman's thinking. After news broke that Real are looking to negotiate the Monaco star's price down, Liverpool could steal in armed with the cash won against Los Blancos to land a top target. The 22-year-old has been one of the best performers in Ligue 1 this season. PSV Eindhoven Ibrahim Sangare is also being eyed with Liverpool making their midfield a priority in the summer while the 24-year-old has also been linked with Manchester United and Chelsea. Added funds would be able to blow their Premier League rivals out of the window, who are both desperate to sign a defensive midfielder. The Reds might have cooled their interest in fourth target Jarrod Bowen after the impact that Diaz has had but the ongoing uncertainty surrounding Sadio Mane might force a rethink. West Ham have proved tricky negotiators in the past, though, and are under no pressure to sell as David Moyes looks to add to his squad, not lose his key players.