I have not the slightest compunction in tarring their successors with the same brush. They have not improved with time. No matter that the economy is in dire straits, we are, surprise, surprise, faced with Tube disruption on the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee next week as well as national rail and postal strikes this summer and by cargo handlers at airports. But these tin pot dictators fighting the class war are but one aspect of the problem in Britain today. The enemy within is not just a handful of destructively motivated union men and women. It is the Hard Left army behind them whose silence over Vladimir Putin’s invasion of the Ukraine speaks volumes for their mentality. They remain silent while supporting, if not actually trying, to make hay out of a rising cost of living crisis caused in part by the disruption to food supplies by the invasion. And to think they claim they are protecting the working class when demands for higher wages and easier working practices will give a new twist to costs and prices and imperil jobs. Let us never forget the utter cynicism of their silence in the face of Putin’s rape, pillage and slaughter, their readiness to take advantage of it for their own narrow ends and their disdain for the economic consequences of their action. If that is not an accurate definition of the enemy within, I don’t know what is. Moreover, they cannot excuse their silence when they remain free within the law to maintain their stance. The Russian tennis ace, Daniil Medvedev, banned from Wimbledon because of the invasion, might not be able to return safely to Russia if he criticized Putin and might imperil his family in the bargain. But I would never have thought that we should find an enemy without in the form of the international tennis circuit that has downgraded Wimbledon for its embargo on Medvedev. Where did they put their principles? Which brings me to what the Government is going to do about the enemy within. It is threatening to bring forward legislation to require minimum public services, such as rail transport, to be maintained during a strike. The implication is that if a defined minimum is not provided the unions would lose their immunity from being sued for damages caused by their actions. I have a better idea. Let us just ban strikes in all defined public services on which the economy and public safety and security depend.   Why should only the police be so restricted? We need an entirely fresh look at how we manage an inter-dependent society. No group in my book should be allowed to use public inconvenience or economic damage as a means of extorting the Government to concede their demands - especially when the cost will fall on the taxpayer. The balance of power is all wrong and should be redressed. It may be argued that this would be an unwarrantable withdrawal of a basic individual right. Indeed, it would be amazing if it were not, given the preoccupation, nay obsession, these days with rights not responsibilities. But since when did an individual have the right to use and abuse another for their narrow ends? Where is it written that blackmail (for that is what a strike aimed at getting the Government to cough up is) is a perfectly legitimate way of going about your business? Social irresponsibility stalks the land in the form of union barons, the hard Left, the revolutionary hard Right and the wokerati who represent a dangerous drift towards totalitarianism. None of my ideas would prevent these malcontents from holding demonstrations, provided they did not impede the free passage of vehicles and pedestrians going about their lawful business - i.e no closure of roads or footpaths or glueing yourself to the M25 or anything remotely to do with fossil fuels. Our democracy is under threat and stern measures are needed to redress the balance in favour the responsible citizen. If nothing is done soon anarchy will reign. 