Prince Charles looks set to snub Princess Eugenie's attempt to secure a royal residence in Windsor by giving the property to his son and daughter-in-law instead. It emerged this week that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are keen to move to Adelaide Cottage in Windsor, a grace-and-favour home also coveted by Eugenie. The Daily Mail's royal editor Rebecca English said that Prince Andrew had long wanted Eugenie to move into the property. She said: "I’ve been told by contacts that could be a little bit tricky because Prince Andrew has actually always had his eye on that property. "It’s been used as a grace-and-favour home for royal staff and distant relatives for many years. "He’d rather hoped one of his children, particularly Princess Eugenie, might able to move into it. "The Cambridges would get priority if they do want the residence. "It's quite interesting that Andrew sees his future very much at Windsor, despite his withdrawal from public life, and he wants his daughters there too." JUST IN: Archie Harrison birthday: Queen extends olive branch to Sussexes Palace Confidential host Jo Elvin asked: "How can we talk about Prince Charles' plans for slimmed-down monarchy if all of these extended royals have grace-and-favour properties?" Andrew Pierce, a consultant editor of the Daily Mail, told Palace Confidential that Charles has to put his foot down on the matter. He questioned why Prince Andrew's daughters, Eugenie and Beatrice, need a home on the royal grounds when "they are minor royals". He added: "It has got to stop. Besides, William, Kate, and Harry, if he was ever to come back, the rest should not get a royal residence."  Richard Eden, editor of the Daily Mail Diary, added: "It would be quite unusual for Andrew's daughter to be given a grace-and-favour property given the questions around his own role in the Royal Family. "As the future king, I think William has the first refusal. If they want it, they get it." The news comes as William and Kate move ahead with plans to relocate to Windsor in the summer, with Adelaide Cottage just a short walk from the Queen's private apartments at Windsor Castle. DON'T MISS: Meghan's Netflix troubles 'make people at Buckingham Palace nervous' [VIDEO]Meghan's royal distancing backfires after Netflix humiliation [REACTION]Kate on hunt for personal assistant [LIVE BLOG]  The Duke and Duchess are hoping to send their children - George, Charlotte, and Louis - to school in the area together. Eugenie, husband Jack Brooksbank, and son August have been living in Frogmore Cottage - where Harry and Meghan had settled before leaving for LA. Sources “close to the Yorks” told the Daily Mail that Eugenie “had been trying to secure Adelaide Cottage for a while for when she moves out of Frogmore". The household tensions come as last week Charles reportedly shut down claims that Princess Beatrice and Eugenie could be rewarded with royal roles in the future. The two princesses reportedly helped orchestrate the meeting between Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, and the Queen and Prince Charles in April. 