Manchester United's incoming manager Erik ten Hag must have a conversation with Cristiano Ronaldo upon his arrival at the club, claims former Chelsea striker Carlton Cole. The pundit says Ten Hag must tell Ronaldo he wants him to stay but that he will not be his main man next season. The Portugal superstar is United's leading goalscorer in all competitions this season. He netted his 24th goal of the campaign in Monday's 3-0 win over Brentford at Old Trafford. However, he has been linked with a move away from the club one year into his two-year contract. Ronaldo turned 37 in February and it has been widely reported he is not a part of Ten Hag's plans. But Cole believes there is no way the Dutch boss can just cast Ronaldo aside without even speaking to him - though he admits it could be a tough conversation with the forward. READ MORE: Man Utd’s asking price for Cristiano Ronaldo is far too low ahead of Erik ten Hag arrival  Cole said on talkSPORT: "The thing about Cristiano Ronaldo, if it's going to affect the dynamics of the future, then you might have to let him. He's 37 as we just said but it's weird because he is going to get you goals. "But who are you going to build your team around for the future? If you're going to say 'I'm Ten Hag, I'm coming in, I've got to look at a five to six-year plan, is Ronaldo a part of that? "Do you know what I mean? So it's up to him to kind of use Ronaldo but at a kind of capacity where he's not the main man kind of thing. "You can't let him walk out the door - it's impossible. You can't do that. DON'T MISSPulisic backed for West Ham move as Chelsea ace told he wouldn't play at Arsenal [QUOTES]Arsenal delivered Jesus blow as Guardiola 'won't allow him' to leave Man City [TRANSFERS]Cristiano Ronaldo drops Man Utd transfer hint with three-word message to TV camera [REACTION]  "So you've got to try and balance it, you've got to have a conversation if you're coming in. You need to say to Ronaldo: 'Listen, I need you but you're not my future' kind of thing. I don't know how that conversation goes." In his first interview after being announced as United's next boss, Ten Hag insisted he can manage big characters such as Ronaldo. He told Dutch outlet Trouw: "I think so, but I will remain myself in that too. I will not change my view on coaching. "The material always determines how you play, but I indicate the requirements that come with it and the standards. I tell who has what task and who does not meet it, will be told that, regardless of who it is. I make no concessions in that regard.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here