Struggling with slow broadband? You're in luck, BT has launched a phenomenal deal on its broadband deals that means you can unlock faster speeds and money to spend at Amazon, Tesco or Currys. For a limited time, BT is giving away a £70 Reward Card with its Fibre 1 package, which arrives with average download speeds of 50Mbps for just £27.99 a month. The BT Reward Card is a pre-paid Mastercard that can be spent anywhere that accepts Mastercard which is, basically, anywhere. Better than that, if you order the exact same broadband deal via Broadband Genie, the comparison website will throw in an extra £25 voucher to spend at Amazon, Tesco, or Currys. All in, you will start your new broadband contract with £95 in free cash to spend on whatever you want. But this generous offer from BT isn't around for long. You'll need to place an order for BT Fibre 1 via Broadband Genie before Wednesday May 18, otherwise, you'll miss out on the extra £25 voucher. Elsewhere, BT Fibre 1 comes with an upgrade to Full Fibre 100 for the first month, unlocking download speeds of 150Mbps (that's twice as fast as the average home broadband connection in the UK) at no extra cost. You'll enjoy upload speeds of 10Mbps and a speed guarantee of 25Mbps. If your broadband doesn't consistently hit that minimum speed, BT will allow you to leave the 24-month contract for free. If you want faster speeds, Virgin Media has slashed all of its broadband packages down to £28 a month. For a limited time, that means you'll be able to unlock its gigabit-capable fibre broadband, dubbed Gig1, with download speeds over 1,000Mbps for less than £30 a month. That's an absolute steal. However, the deal isn't available for much longer, so you'll need to act fast. And you'll need to live in one of the 15.5 million homes across the UK that can connect to Virgin Media's broadband network. The company doesn't rely on BT-owned Openreach, which supplies the infrastructure for BT, EE, Sky Broadband, TalkTalk, Plusnet, and more. As such, there's a possibility that you won't be able to take advantage of its latest promotion.