Youri Tielemans has reportedly informed those closest to him that he his heart set on a move to Spain amid rumoured interest from Real Madrid. The news is likely to serve as a blow for Manchester United who are understood to be one of many Premier League suitors interested in snapping up the Leicester City midfielder this summer when he will enter the final 12 months of his current Foxes contract.   The Red Devils have been heavily linked with the Belgian playmaker ahead of a seismic summer of change at the club, however, it appears the 24-year-old has his sights set on an altogether different destination. According to journalist Sacha Tavolieri, Tielemans has told friends and family that his preferred destination is Spain, sparking suggestions Real Madrid could act on their apparent interest. Carlo Ancelotti's team, who clinched the La Liga title on Saturday following a 4-0 demolition of Espanyol, are understood to be one of a number of high-profile clubs from across the continent interested in exploiting the midfielder's contract stand-off. Los Blancos are said to be eyeing Tielemans as a possible successor to the ageing Toni Kroos, as Luka Modric appears to be closing in on a new deal at the Santiago Bernabeu. It looks like that the Foxes will be forced to cash in on one of their prized assets this summer or face an increasingly inevitable outcome of losing the midfielder for free with his current deal expires in the summer of 2023. Tielemans has so far resisted Leicester's efforts to tie him down to a new contract, signalling a move elsewhere may well be on the cards. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings  It isn't just Manchester United and Real Madrid who are keeping close tabs on the Belgian either. The likes of Arsenal, Tottenham and Liverpool have all been linked with making a move for the midfielder, who has established himself as one of the Premier League's finest in that position since arriving from Monaco back in 2019. Addressing the uncertainty surrounding Tielemans earlier in the year, Leicester manager Brendan Rodgers hinted that the Foxes favourite may well be on the move in the near future. Rodgers told Sky Sports: “He is at an age and at a stage in his contract where he has to ensure he looks at every option. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explainedAntony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possibleMan Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag  “I would love it to be here at Leicester, that is natural, but I understand it’s a very short career. For players it's about ambition, the challenge and sometimes it's about a different environment. We have seen it before many times." Tielemans himself admitted he is relaxed over his future when recently responding to suggestions he could depart this summer. The midfielder said: "I am very calm about that. My contract expires in 2023 and it’s not that I absolutely want to leave. I haven’t made my decision yet. If I have to stay another year, I will gladly do so."  