The housing market has gone from strength to strength in the last two years, with property prices now higher than ever throughout the UK. According to Zoopla, house prices have risen by 8.3 percent during the past year, taking the cost of the average home to £249,700. The growth in property values seen during the three months to the end of March is the highest in 15 years. The skyrocketing market values is partially down to a shortage of new homes being built following widespread global supply chain issues and coronavirus lockdowns. But Zoopla claimed the supply of homes is finally beginning to increase, with the number of new homes being put up for sale rising by three percent in March. Even though the number of homes for sale is still 40 percent below the five-year average, property supply hotspots are starting to emerge. READ MORE: House prices: The 15 most expensive areas to buy a home in the UK Kensington and Chelsea in London has seen the biggest increase in listings at 53 percent, followed by Erewash in the East Midlands at 45 percent. The number of homes for sale in Pendle in the North West is up 38 percent, while Elmbridge in the South East has also seen a 38 percent rise. Southend-on-Sea in Essex has seen the number of new listing rise by 28 percent, and just behind is Stratford-upon-Avon and Powys on 27 percent. Sedgemoor in the south west is also a supply hotspot, with listings increasing by 17 percent. The only entry from Scotland is Aberdeenshire, which has seen new listings rise by 16 percent month on month. In Yorkshire and the Humber, the only property hotspot can be found in Sheffield, where listings have increased by 14 percent. Overall, sales agreed in the run up to Easter were 27 percent higher than their pre-pandemic level. DON'T MISS Mortgage warning: Exactly how much your mortgage could rise [ANALYSIS]Council tax rebate: Millions still waiting - when will you get yours? [EXPLAINER]House prices: The 15 most expensive areas to buy a home in the UK [INSIGHT] But while the number of homes coming on to the market has started to increase, the ongoing shortage of supply will prevent house price falls. Gráinne Gilmore, head of research at Zoopla, said: “We forecast last year that strong demand would continue through the start of the this year, but that the market would return to more ‘normal’ pre-pandemic conditions from the summer. “All in all, this will result in a slowing in price growth in 2022, although it will remain in positive territory. “We have forecast three percent growth in December, but the move from 8.3 percent to three percent may not be a linear progression, and it may take until early 2023 before price growth hits this level.”