Approximately 60 percent of Britons own a tumble dryer, speeding up the drying process when doing laundry. However, Paula Quazi, sustainable cleaning expert and co-founder of eco-cleaning brand Smol: "Your tumble dryer is the domestic appliance that uses the most energy in the home." Since the energy price cap rose by 54 percent in April, the regulator Ofgem estimated that approximately 22 million customers will be paying more money for the energy they use. Though an estimated 73 percent of Britons have already made changes to reduce bills and offset the price cap rise, chores such as laundry are simply unavoidable. However, being mindful of when and how often you use high-energy appliances can help to save you money. And since the tumble dryer is one of the biggest energy consumers, looking for alternative ways to dry your clothes is a good way to start. READ MORE: How to get rid of snails from your garden - 6 easy and natural methods Speaking to Express.co.uk, Ms Quazi explained: "Your tumble dryer is the domestic appliance that uses the most energy in the home, with the average tumble dryer using roughly 4.5 kWh per cycle." According to the Energy Saving Trust’s latest figures from April 2022, the national average price per pence/kWh of electricity is 28.3. How much energy your tumble dryer uses depends on the energy efficiency rating of your appliance. There are three main types of tumble dryers: vented, heat pump and condenser. Heat pump tumble dryers are thought to be the most energy-efficient of the bunch. However, newer models of all types of dryers tend to be more efficient than older models. Based on the idea that the average tumble dryer uses roughly 4.5kWh per cycle, and rounding the price per pence kWh of electricity to 28, it would cost approximately £1.26 per tumble dryer cycle following the price cap rise. If you run your tumble dryer twice a week for a year, this would add an extra £131.04 to your bills. DON'T MISSHow to grow perfect rhubarb: Mark Lane's expert guide - scatter manure [INTERVIEW]House prices: UK sold prices compared [REPORT]Interior designer shares 'divine' colour combos for living spaces [COMMENT] Ms Quazi said: "Now we’re getting closer to summer, drying your washing outside is a great way to make a huge dent in energy bills." While popping your wet laundry on a drying rack or washing line may seem like the obvious way to go, these aren't necessarily an option for people lacking gardens or living in smaller spaces. Ms Quazi added: "If you’re restricted with outdoor space, try hanging clothes on a clothes horse and placing it in a sunny, well-ventilated space in your home. "You can even place a fan in front of the clothes horse to help clothes dry faster by circulating the air." According to Ms Quazi, there are some simple methods you can try out to reduce how much work your dryer needs to do, and how often you need to run it for one load. She explained: "If you must use a dryer, ensure you’re getting as much water as possible out of your clothes so that they don’t need to spend so long in the dryer. "Try detangling clothes before they go in and avoid overfilling your dryer so that air can circulate effectively - if this means doing multiple dries, do one after the other so that you’re making the most of the heat built up from the run before."