Deborah James has made the sad announcement there is no longer anything medical professionals can do for her amid her cancer battle. She explained she is being moved to hospice at home care, and doesn’t know how log she has left. Taking to Instagram in view of her 404k followers, the 40-year-old wrote: “The message I never wanted to write. “We have tried everything, but my body simply isn’t playing ball. “My active care has stopped and I am now moved to hospice at home care, with my incredible family all around me and the focus is on making sure I’m not in pain and spending time with them. “Nobody knows how long I’ve got left but I’m not able to walk, I’m sleeping most of the days, and most things I took for granted are pipe dreams.” The mum-of-two continued: “I know we have left no stone unturned. But even with all the innovative cancer drugs in the world or some magic new breakthrough, my body just can’t continue anymore.” Deborah built up an enormous fanbase since she was diagnosed with stage three bowel cancer in 2016, which went on to become stage four, meaning it was incurable. The BBC podcast host has been the face of the No Butts campaign, helping people to spot the signs of bowel cancer early, and has now set up a fund for bowel cancer charities, called the Bowelbabe Fund. She continued: “In over 5 years of writing about how I thought it would be my final Christmas, how I wouldn’t see my 40th birthday nor see my kids go to secondary school - I never envisaged writing the one where I would actually say goodbye. “I think it’s been the rebellious hope in me. But I don’t think anyone can say the last 6 months has exactly been kind! “It’s all heartbreaking to be going through but I’m surrounded by so much love that if anything can help me through I hope that will.” She signed off her heartfelt post: “Right now for me it’s all about taking it a day at a time, step by step and being grateful for another sunrise. “My whole family are around me and we will dance through this together, sunbathing and laughing (I’ll cry!!) at every possible moment! “You are all incredible, thank you for playing your part in my journey. No regrets. Enjoy life x Deborah”. Deborah has two children - Hugo, 14, and Eloise, 12, with her banker husband Sebastien Bowen. She recently appeared on Lorraine, where she vowed she was “going to get through this” and explained how she desperately wished she had caught her cancer sooner. “Trust your gut. Don’t ever feel like you’re wasting somebody else’s time, especially not a GP’s time,” she told Lorraine Kelly. “I wish that I had pushed and pushed and pushed six months earlier. Just gotta remember to trust your gut. There’s No Butts about it!” After battling a serious bleed and several infections, the star said she had spent “About 80 percent of this year in hospital”. “I can only now talk about it without crying,” she admitted. “In a split second, I went from living to thinking that I wouldn’t get through the night. And none of my family did. My body is tired.”