Garden expert Monty Don, 66, has revealed that he has a new grandchild, named Daisy Rose Don. It comes after the presenter’s absence from Gardeners’ World on Friday evening sparked concern from super-fans of the BBC show. The horticulturalist, who shares three grown up children, Tom, Adam, and Freya, with his wife Sarah Don, announced the happy news on Twitter last night.  Monty and Sarah were already proud grandparents to their grandson George, and they have now welcomed a granddaughter into the family.  Monty described the news as the “perfect way to end” his Saturday.  The star wrote in view of his 260,000 followers: “Daisy Rose Don born today , a sister to George. READ MORE... Amanda Holden, 51, puts on sizzling display in tiny red bikini  “A perfect way to end. beautiful May day.”    Fans rushed to the comments section of Monty’s tweet to congratulate him on the announcement.    Heather Sharpe penned: “Aww congratulations grandad, love the name Daisy. Just so happens, daisies are one of my favourite flowers, such a pretty, simple little flower xx.”    Jenna Cole-Lee added: “Congrats grandpa Don. Gorgeous name!”  Anna Greenfingers tweeted: “What joys are ahead for you all, watching the flowering of this treasured girl. The grandfather/granddaughter bond is a very special one. What a lucky girl & what a blessing for your family. You'll need larger shirts to contain your burgeoning heart. Well done Emily & Adam.” Elizabeth Doherty suggested: “Congratulations to all the family and grandparents, a precious grandson and now a precious granddaughter. You have definitely got to name 2 Rose trees after them both.” Kathy Dewhurst wrote: “What a perfect tweet for a glorious May day and a beautiful floral name of course. I hope her life will be filled with sunshine and flowers always!” Dr Maureen Wright gushed: “Congratulations! Lucky little lady, getting to grow up at Longmeadow!” DON'T MISS:Donny Osmond says Michael Jackson 'left him in the dust' [COMMENT]Liz Hurley causes a stir as she frolics in the sun in skimpy bikini [PICS]Gary Lineker addresses James Corden Match of The Day replacement claim [OPINION] It comes after Monty worried some Gardeners’ World viewers, as he wasn’t on the show as usual on Friday.  Alan C. Smith tweeted: “Monty-less sadly. #GardenersWorld.”  Ana fumed: “Where the f**k is Monty at? This is not Friday night…”  Katherine Birkett complained: “No Monty? TRAGEDY. #GardenersWorld.” Fortunately for fans of the show, Monty was fine, and was just unable to host the programme because he was busy giving talks and gardening demonstrations to visitors at this year's RHS' Malvern Spring Festival.  Monty was replaced by Adam Frost and Arit Anderson last week.  The star is set to resume his hosting duties soon, as he recently shared a behind-the-scenes insight into Gardeners’ World filming.  Monty shared a photo of his two beloved dogs, golden retriever Nell and Yorkshire terrier Patti, at Longmeadow.  "Ready for action!" He captioned the Instagram post, which was shared with his one million followers.