The highly anticipated third season of The Boys kicks off at the start of June, and fans of the Prime Video superhero hit can’t wait to catch up with Billy Butcher (played by Karl Urban) and the team following their bout with Stormfront (Aya Cash). This year will also see another powerful patriot, Soldier Boy (Jensen Ackles), take on Homelander (Antony Starr) and the Seven, and Express.co.uk was able to talk to the newcomer about his approach to the role. Supernatural star Jensen explained how his role as Soldier Boy taps into the current climate of cancel culture in the US. Based on the comics by Garth Ennis, The Boys’ newest star revealed the Prime Video adaptation took a slightly different approach to the flawed hero from the past. “I didn’t read the literature on purpose,” he said. “But what I’ve deciphered from the things that I’ve gathered now I’ve been in this world for a year is he is largely at fault, like the one in the comic, but at different faults. “He has different shortcomings, so to speak. Which only makes the dynamics between the other characters that much more interesting.” READ MORE: Sally Dexter age: How old is Emmerdale's Faith Dingle star? Originally part of an experiment to test Compound V during World War II, much like his Marvel counterpart Captain America, Soldier Boy eventually makes it to the present day. Once he’s been resurrected in the 21st Century, his various flaws immediately become apparent, and Billy, Hughie (Jack Quaid) and the rest of the team will have to decide whether or not to trust this unpredictable Supe. Jensen told Express.co.uk and other press: “We have a character who is so deeply flawed, like these superheroes are. “You very quickly understand what his flaws are. This guy’s gonna get cancelled as soon as he sets foot in this new world. And that was very interesting to play.” While Jensen didn’t read the original comics before he signed on, he approached Eric Kripke’s interpretation of the character with the same enthusiasm as his long-running role as Dean Winchester. Showrunner Eric explained he wanted toxic masculinity to become a major theme for The Boys’ third season, and this especially comes into play when Soldier Boy is introduced. “I definitely was tasked with doing a lot of that with Soldier Boy,” Jensen continued. “He’s a character from a different era and, like I said earlier, in today’s climate he would and probably should be cancelled immediately.” DON'T MISS:NCIS Hawaii’s Vanessa Lachey pens tribute to cast [COMMENT]NCIS star Brian Dietzen addresses future beyond season 20 [UPDATE]Outlander’s Sophie Skelton on Brianna scene ‘pulled’ from series [INTERVIEW] “So, for me, I just think about everything that I could do that could cancel me! And just play that. “Like, let’s see, everything that I shouldn’t be doing… I guess that’s what I should be doing.” Fans will have to tune in to find out just how much Soldier Boy’s old-fashioned ethics clash with the modern world, but it soon becomes apparent his views are from a bygone era. As the powerful leader of the Seven’s precursors, Payback, Soldier Boy will be in for a rude awakening if he tries to exert the same privileges he once had in today's progressive and tolerant society. Jensen went on: “It’s an interesting narrative on our current climate and the culture in bringing a character like Soldier Boy who is, essentially, trapped in the past and has not evolved. “He’s from an era that’s gone by, having him come into this world and try to navigate it… he doesn’t conform, he doesn’t even have time to do that. Nor does he give a s**t. “He’s not going to assimilate by any means because that’s not who he is. I think we all, probably, know people like that or at least heard of people like that, so tapping into that wasn’t overly difficult. “You see it written up on the TV, you see these people that are making poor choices as human beings and they’re getting called out for it. “So, for me, I just think about everything that I could do that could cancel me! And just play that. “Like, let’s see, everything that I shouldn’t be doing… I guess that’s what I should be doing.” Fans will have to tune in to find out just how much Soldier Boy’s old-fashioned ethics clash with the modern world, but it soon becomes apparent his views are from a bygone era. As the powerful leader of the Seven’s precursors, Payback, Soldier Boy will be in for a rude awakening if he tries to exert the same privileges he once had in today's progressive and tolerant society.  “Soldier Boy is from an era where they didn’t call him out, they just sucked it up and let him be as toxic as he wanted to be because he was the Alpha Male. So it was quite easy to just tap into all that’s wrong.” Jensen is fresh off a staggering 15-year stint on Supernatural, so it remains to be seen if Soldier Boy returns for more battles with Homelander and The Boys in the fourth season. The Boys season 3 premieres Friday, June 3 on Prime Video.