Rachel Weisz, 52, began dating Daniel Craig, 54, in 2010, after being friends for a number of years. As The Mummy plays tonight, Rachel has previously been reported as the reason behind why her husband Daniel started to take it easy when doing the stunts for the James Bond films. Daniel has been one of the most successful James Bonds starring in a total of five films. His last and final reprisal of the role in No Time To Die was released last year after Covid delays. Despite the actor performing many of his own stunts, it has been reported that in the last few films he took a step back after his wife Rachel expressed her concerns for his safety. A source claimed: "It's a big bone of contention. Rachel doesn't want him in agony again. READ MORE: The Repair Shop’s Jay Blades makes ‘big changes’ with new job "None of his aches and pains have gone away completely. "There's a legacy to all these injuries and she lives with them. "They've come to an agreement about how hard he will push himself and he is pulling back from the edge this time. It's a prerequisite", the source concluded to The Mirror. Express.co.uk have gone to Rachel Weisz' representatives for comment. Craig has previously spoken about the extent of the damage he has suffered from playing the iconic James Bond. He revealed: "I knackered my knee and had surgery, I've had my right shoulder reconstructed, my other knee operated on and my thumb got hurt." David and Rachel got married in 2011, just six months after rumours of their romance began to circulate. They each have children from previous relationships, and welcomed a daughter together in late 2018. Daniel shares his daughter Ella, 30, with his first wife Fiona Loudon. DON'T MISS... Donny Osmond’s wife made him sleep alone after Dancing With The Stars [INSIGHT] Rhian Sugden's says its 'unbearable to walk' as assets grown 'so big' [COMMENT] Casey Affleck's partner Caylee Cowan puts on a busty display at Cannes [PICS] Rachel shares her son Henry, 15, with her ex partner Darren Aronofsky. As the Bond days may be over for Daniel, Rachel has been busy filming TV series Dead Ringers for the past few months. Rachel counts herself lucky as filming for the new series takes place very close to the couple's home in New York. The couple previously lived in an $11.5 million Soho penthouse purchased in 2012 after Daniel sold a Tribeca pad. They now share a quiet brownstone with their small family. Rachel stars in 1999 film The Mummy alongside Brendan Fraser. Since then she has gone on to win an Oscar, a Golden Globe and a BAFTA. The Mummy is on today on ITV at 4.25pm