Wimbledon's top officials are reportedly set to travel to the French Open to begin talks in order to find a resolution to the ongoing row over the lack of ranking points available at the All England Club this year. The ATP and WTA recently announced that no points will be awarded at the tournament, which is set to get underway next month, due to the ban on Russian and Belarusian players from competing at SW19 amid the ongoing military situation in Ukraine. The current state of affairs will effectively see Wimbledon turn into an exhibition event, with a number of top players having already voiced their concerns over the absence of ranking incentive to take part later this year. Tournament organisers are now set to travel to Paris for showdown talks in an attempt to find a compromise that suits all parties involved, according to the Daily Mail.There is said to be a glimmer of hope that a resolution can be negotiated but any new outcome will not see Russian and Belarusian players given the all-clear to compete at Wimbledon, while any suggestion that a reduction in prize money will be used as a bargaining tool is said to be completely groundless. A temporary reintroduction of the grass court seeding formula has already been discussed, which would incentivise players by using this year's results to help determine entries and draws for 2023.Another potential area of negotiation could be the renewal of the ranking point arrangement between the ATP and Wimbledon at the end of the year. There is said to be a potential threat of the Grand Slam tournaments pulling away to develop their own system and playing hardball in the process, a development that would have the ability to conjure up plenty of further problems down the line. JUST IN: Boris Becker moved to new prison for foreigners facing deportation It remains to be seen whether Wimbledon chiefs will be able to successfully find a compromise when talks begin over the current situation, which has sparked fury from a number of male and female players on the Tour in recent weeks. Karolina Pliskova, who finished as last year's runner-up at the All England Club, has already underlined her desire to compete for the trophy once again but remains far from happy about how things have developed over the last few days."It's quite bad, especially for me,' she is quoted as saying. "I think it's super tough and unfair and a bad decision, that's what I think. I suppose there's not much you can do about it."I still want to go and compete there, that's for sure, I want to win and maybe get the trophy because I was quite close last year. But that doesn't change the thinking that I think it's completely wrong, the decision." Naomi Osaka has also raised questions over whether it would be worth taking part at Wimbledon later this year due to the lack of ranking points on offer, telling reporters at the French Open: "I’m not sure why, but I feel like if I play Wimbledon without points, it’s more like an exhibition."I know this isn’t true, right? But my brain just like feels that way. Whenever I think like something is like an exhibition, I just can’t go at it 100 per cent."I didn’t even make my decision yet, but I’m leaning more towards not playing given the current circumstances. But, you know, that might change." FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE