The Queen's Platinum Jubilee weekend is just over a week away and BBC Breakfast's hosts have been discussing the monarch's historic milestone throughout the week. However, viewers hit out at the coverage presented by Jon Kay and Sally Nugent on Wednesday as they branded it "out of touch" with the Britons who are struggling with the cost-of-living crisis.  BBC Breakfast aired footage of jubilee celebrations up and down the country on the latest instalment of the programme. Clips of parades and events with resident waving their Union Jack flags to celebrate the monarch were shown to viewers. Sally and Jon welcomed event planner Liz Taylor onto the programme who provided her "top tips for the perfect Jubilee party". As Liz gushed about previously attending the Queen's garden parties, viewers took to social media to criticise the segment.  READ MORE: The Last Kingdom's Eliza Butterworth on co-star Alexander Dreymon  @15_char_or_less fumed: "Oh come on #BBCBreakfast, loads of people can’t even afford to warm a tin of beans, let alone go out and buy ‘cheap’ Prosecco for a jubilee party. This segment is out of touch." Wayne Valentine added: "This country is in a real s**t show and #BBCBreakfast is asking how your jubilee party is going to be." Benedict said: "#BBCbreakfast next Thursday and Friday we will have three hours of fawning and froth about [the Queen]. "Read the room BBC people are struggling with not having enough food on a normal day and you want pictures about what parties they are holding."   Adam Wilcox commented: "Given the cost-of-living crisis and people struggling to pay bills and feed their families isn't the suggestion of people having jubilee parties pretty tasteless? #BBCBreakfast." Despite the backlash, other viewers expressed their excitement over the upcoming jubilee celebrations. @KingfisherY6 exclaimed: "We’re on the telly! Our amazing jubilee street party has featured on BBC One this morning." Alison Grand remarked: "Have to be honest. I don’t watch BBC any more, definitely not anything BBC News. I will watch the Queen's Jubilee. BBC politics has lost all credibility and they know it. They’re in it until the end though and just praying someone is listening. I’m not." (sic)  DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise's DI Jack Mooney star details problem with series [INTERVIEW]Jon Kay announces 'new arrival' after Carol Kirkwood's engagement news [LATEST]BBC's Jon Kay erupts at Grant Shapps over Sue Gray report [DEBATE] During the BBC Breakfast jubilee segment on Wednesday, Liz highlighted the importance of playing "good music" to mark the occasion. "We are all big on music in the UK and people have had loads of time to make a Spotify playlist," she stressed. "Music and drink are my two things." "Take milk bottles and jam jars and make a mocktail for the children with the red, white and blue straws. "Colour it all, put it down a long table with coloured jellies, little cakes, lots of sweets. Tangible items that people can take and move."  The event planner continued: "Have lots of vases of flowers, use the red, white and blue colours, use the patriotic colours of the monarch. "When the kids go to bed, put the lights on and go into your back garden." She went on to discuss how "accessible" it is to buy items such as fairy lights and treats for parties. BBC Breakfast continues on weekdays at 6am on BBC One. 