Wendy Marks, 53, believes Mayfield Park in West Drayton, west London, is "the safest place she has ever lived" and was astonished when Tesco allegedly didn't deliver her groceries on safety grounds. The woman claims a supermarket employee on its helpline stated the business "no longer delivers to 'caravan parks' as the drivers felt unsafe" after an incident at nearby site Mansion Lane, near Iver, Buckinghamshire. Ms Marks stressed her residential park is a "static home park" and not a "caravan site", and eventually received the shopping, for which she'd already paid, the next day. But the woman, who is a bonded warehouse worker, moved into the site in September specifically "because it’s so lovely and peaceful there" and now feels Tesco "discriminated against every other home park in the area". She told MyLondon: "It’s beautiful - it’s like living in the countryside. It’s the quietest residential area I’ve ever known. Each home is immaculate - they’re really looked after, they’re stunning places. "Why did no one even have the courtesy to phone me to advise the delivery would not be happening? They just left me sitting there all afternoon waiting. They're discriminating against every other home park in the area. They (the Tesco employee) told me they no longer deliver to 'caravan parks' as the drivers felt unsafe."  When the warehouse worker eventually received her delivery, she claims "the driver made a big show of constantly looking over his shoulder". "I asked why, and he said 'he was being cautious'," Ms Marks said. "It’s a joke. I’ve had no compensation for my wasted time. I’m really disappointed. I’ve had to move to using other supermarket home delivery services and I would be put off using Tesco again." After MyLondon contacted Tesco, it said it has reinstated deliveries to both the Mayfield Park and Mansion Lane sites. A spokesperson for the supermarket said: "We’re really sorry for the misunderstanding that led to Ms Marks’ not receiving her grocery order. We have reviewed the store’s delivery locations and are delivering to customers in both Mayfield Park and Mansion Lane." 