Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has admitted the club are 'interested' in signing Kylian Mbappe as speculation over his Paris Saint-Germain future rumbles on. Mbappe is expected to leave PSG on a free transfer this summer, and Liverpool are one of the clubs credited with a desire to secure his services. The 23-year-old superstar has confirmed he has almost decided where his future lies, and Real Madrid are understood to be 'more optimistic and confident than ever' in their bid to snap him up. But Liverpool are reportedly in the frame, and their pursuit of an unprecedented quadruple has cemented the current crop as one of the best in Europe. And while Klopp has admitted Liverpool 'like' Mbappe, he has accepted that it's unlikely the Reds can compete with the financial package on the table in Paris and Madrid. He told reporters: "Of course, we are interested in Kylian Mbappe; we are not blind! I have nothing to say about [the reported contact] between Kylian and Liverpool." "It's all set; it's all fine," Jurgen Klopp explained. "We, of course, like him, and if you don't like him, then you have to question yourself. But no, we are not; we cannot be part of these battles. There must be other clubs involved, and that is fine. He is a great player." JUST IN: Government warns Roman Abramovich could 'let Chelsea go under' Before the summer transfer window arrives, Liverpool are three games away from potentially adding the Premier League and Champions League to this season's trophy cabinet. But injury worries are starting to mount after Mohamed Salah and Virgil van Dijk were forced off in Saturday's FA Cup Final win over Chelsea. They have joined another key player in Fabinho on the treatment table. But Klopp hopes to to have them back in the team for the final day clash against Wolves and the Champions League final showdown with Real Madrid. READ MORE: Tottenham hopeful Antonio Conte will not quit in summer as Harry Ka... He added: "I have no doubt about the final. I am pretty realistic about the Wolves game, but tomorrow not. Virgil definitely not. The target for both would be that they could be involved again at the weekend. Properly involved. On the bench and on for a few minutes or start - we will see that. "With Virgil, we thought [even before the cup final] this was the game [to leave him out] because he played really a lot. Saturday to Tuesday again was clear. I promise we will give everything we can to win this game and take [the title race] to Sunday." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.