Tony Danker, Director General of the Confederation of British Industry, told BBC Radio Four that while he did not think an emergency budget was “entirely necessary” just six weeks after the Spring Statement, the public should not be made to wait until November when Rishi Sunak announces his Autumn budget. He said there are a few things the Government “needs to tackle”, most important of which is the “cost of living and those hardest hit”.    Mr Danker said: “There is a debate at the moment over whether we need an emergency budget, i.e. this week, six weeks after the Spring Statement. “I’m not sure that’s entirely necessary but nor do I think that we need to stand on principle and we all have to wait until November because that’s the good order of things. “There’s a few things the Government needs to tackle in any budgetary measures and the first is obviously the cost of living and those hardest hit. “The second is this business confidence and investment. And the third is that aggregate demand in the economy, everybody’s spending, and shops.    “Now I think if we wait until November to do all of that, then the economy will end up in more trouble. “So, a bit more flexibility please from the Prime Minister and the Chancellor”. Downing Street confirmed today that the new cost of living committee met for the first time yesterday following the Queen’s Speech. The Prime Minister urged ministers to be “as creative as possible” in coming up with solutions to ease the crisis, a spokesman said, following accusations by Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer that the Government was “bereft of ideas”. READ MORE: Ferrari erupts as energy crisis leaves Brits 'burning firewood at home [REPORT]  "You can expect there to be more work done off the back of that discussion,” the spokesman said. “The Prime Minister urged ministers to go faster and be as creative as possible in ensuring the Government is doing everything on this important issue. "You can expect the committee to meet fairly regularly to progress the work as soon as possible. "In the days to come, you will hear more from the Prime Minister on this. The Chancellor and the Prime Minister are working extremely closely on this and will continue to do so." DON'T MISS: 'Time the Tory Party grew-up and started actually running the country' [OPINION]Boris Johnson warned 'thin' agenda to cost him key voters [REPORT] ‘Zero growth’ prediction calls Queens Speech bills into question [INSIGHT]   He added: "You can expect us to say more on this in the days to come. “What I am trying to guide away from is some of the speculation we saw about things like an emergency budget. As I made clear ... there are no plans for that." More than a quarter of a million UK households will “slide into destitution” in 2023 unless more is done to alleviate the crisis, the National Institute for Economic & Social Research (NIESR) projected. The increase will take the total number of people in extreme poverty to around 1.2million.   