Liverpool legend Jamie Carragher has warned Mohamed Salah the grass may not be greener elsewhere if he chooses not to extend his stay at the club. Salah is out of contract at Anfield at the end of next season. The Egyptian, who is the leading goalscorer in the Premier League this season, is said to want to be one of the highest earners in the English top flight if he pens a new deal. Barcelona are one of the club's to have been strongly linked with signing the 29-year-old in recent months. But Carragher is adamant Salah should stay where he is. He says the forward should take a look at some other former Liverpool stars who have moved on and not succeeded. Philippe Coutinho, who is just three days older than Salah, moved to Barca in January 2018 for a staggering £142million. However, he failed to ever settle at the Nou Camp and last week he completed a permanent move to Aston Villa following a loan spell at the club. READ MORE: Tottenham could make four dazzling signings if Conte secures Champions League football  Carragher says Liverpool players will be focusing on what could be a monumental end to the season. But he says attention will soon turn to the future of some key players. The pundit said on Sky Sports: "They have got to focus on creating history in less than a couple of weeks. I don’t think it will be at the forefront of their mind. "I think [Sadio] Mane will sign, Salah’s future is up in the air and [Roberto] Firmino may see his contract out. He may go for free at the end of next season. "I think Salah should sign. He [Klopp] has turned good players into great players and Salah is one of them. DON'T MISSLiverpool legend Steve Nicol slams Jurgen Klopp and declares 'you're not a special case' [QUOTES]Nottingham Forest fan arrested for assault on Billy Sharp that left him 'bleeding' [NEWS]Arsenal's much-changed XI next season with six signings after three 'agreements' [TRANSFERS]  "This suits him, Jurgen Klopp suits him, but I think he should remember about two or three players who left and thought the grass was greener and then look at what they are doing this season." Former Liverpool captain Jamie Redknapp has also given his opinion on Salah's future. Redknapp says Salah should not be paid any higher than centre-back Virgil van Dijk. He thinks the forward can be replaced but Van Dijk cannot. Redknapp commented: "The players have the power. One thing I learned from being at this club is that they will reward you and look after you when you are doing well. "But sometimes if we give him big money… wouldn’t give anyone more money than Virgil van Dijk. He should be on the most. They will find another Mo Salah but you won’t find another Van Dijk. There will always be another great striker who comes to this club." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here