Chelsea have insisted that Roman Abramovich did not ask for any loans to be repaid to him or increase his asking price for the Blues at the eleventh hour in spite of numerous reports claiming that he had done so towards the end of last month. The west London club have been on the market for almost three months since the 55-year-old announced his decision to sell up in the wake of Russia's ongoing invasion of Ukraine. Reports last week stated that Abramovich had asked the remianing bidders for Chelsea to commit an extra £500million to their respective packages in order to ensure that their offers were successful. The Blues have since insisted that no such demand was made in an official statement on Thursday, in which they also clarified a number of other recent claims with regards to the sale of the club. "Mr Abramovich’s intentions in relation to gifting the proceeds from the Chelsea sale to charity have not changed," the statement read. "Since the initial announcement, Mr Abramovich’s team has identified senior representatives from UN bodies and large global charitable organizations who have been tasked with forming a Foundation and setting out a plan for its activities. JUST IN: Chelsea have Kante transfer fear following Abramovich sanctions "The lead independent expert has had conversations with Government representatives presenting the structure and initial plans. Mr Abramovich has not been involved in this work and it has been managed independently by experts with years of experience working in humanitarian organizations. "Secondly, Mr Abramovich has not asked for any loan to be repaid to him – such suggestions are entirely false – as are suggestions that Mr Abramovich increased the price of the Club last minute. "As part of Mr Abramovich’s objective to find a good custodian for Chelsea FC, he has however encouraged each bidder throughout this process to commit investing in the Club – including in the Academy, Women’s team, necessary redevelopment of the stadium as well as maintaining the work of Chelsea Foundation." Los Angeles Dodgers part-owner Todd Boehly is said to be the preferred option to buy Chelsea at this stage of the process, with Ineos chief Jim Ratcliffe having reportedly seen a bid in excess of £4billion turned down just hours before the all-important deadline. A consortium led by Boston Celtics owner Stephen Pagliuca and a separate group involving former Liverpool chairman Sir Martin Broughton were also understood to have been in the running but are now said to be out of the frame to purchase the Blues over the coming weeks. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here