Oliver Glasner was left drenched in beer after his Eintracht Frankfurt players gatecrashed the manager's press conference to celebrate their Europa League success over Rangers on Wednesday night. The Bundesliga outfit clinched the European honour on penalties as Rafael Borre cancelled out Joe Aribo's opener to send the final to spot-kicks.  While Rangers were left to endure heartbreak having seen their remarkable European adventure come to an end at the final hurdle, Frankfurt celebrated in style as they capped off an astonishing run of their own with success in Seville. Having partied on the pitch come full-time, the Eagles continued to savour their triumph by raiding their manager's press conference. Glasner and goalkeeper Kevin Trapp were fulfilling media duties following the win when the euphoric Frankfurt squad, equipped with cans of beer, barged into the room and promptly set about soaking the pair. The Eagles' boss could be seen smiling and wiping the alcoholic from his eyes before joining in with the boisterous chanting. Not only did victory seal their second European triumph after UEFA Cup success back in 1980, but the win over Rangers also means the Bundesliga side have secured a spot in next season's Champions League in addition to setting up a European Super Cup date with either Liverpool or Real Madrid on Wednesday 10 August. Overcoming Rangers was the final step in a memorable Europa League run which also saw them beat Real Betis, Barcelona and West Ham. READ MORE: Panic as Rangers fan suffers heart attack on flight to Seville  Speaking after the success, Glasner, who became the first Austrian manager to win a major European honour in 39 years, said: "Unbelievable. It was our 13th game in Europe and we didn't lose any of them. I told the players we had a fantastic journey and that journey should not end in Seville but when we come home with the trophy." Aribo gave Gers the lead on the night, pouncing on a slip from Frankfurt defender Tuta before slotting past Trapp. Borre then netted the Eagles' equaliser, poking home Filip Kostic's low cross after a some hesitant play from the Rangers defence. DON'T MISS  Neither side manager to find a winner as the final went to extra-time with penalties then required to determined this year's Europa League winner. In the end, Trapp's save from Aaron Ramsey's spot-kick proved decisive and meant the European honour will be heading back to Germany with Frankfurt. Eagles stopper Trapp added: "This is not my night. It's everyone’s night. To be able to give back to our fans this way is so special." 