YouGov, the data analytics giant, has confirmed the majority of the UK population believes Sir Keir Starmer breached lockdown rules during a gatherin in Durham. In a speech on Monday, the Labour Leader pledged to resign if he was found to have broken Covid restrictions by a police investigation. "This press conference, it is leading press bulletins around the country,” declared GB News political correspondent Tom Harwood. He revealed: "Just this morning, YouGov, the polling organisation, found that 54 percent of the country believe that the Leader of the Labour party has probably or definitely broken those rules.    "This is a massive shift in the way that people are viewing the Labour party right now. In his analysis of Sir Keir Starmer’s announcement, Mr Harwood argued: "It’s hard to see how the Labour party leader could do anything else. "Conversely, it’s odd to see that the Conservaitve party is saying that Keir Starmer potentially shouldn’t resign." He continued: "A fixed penalty notice is not, in their eyes, something worthy of resignation."   Tory MPs have consistently highlighted the fixed penalty notice awarded for a breach of lockdown rules is an extremely low-level offence. Mr Harwood added: "As one backbench Conservative MP said in previous weeks, akin to a parking ticket. "Is this really the level at which we should have senior politicians resigning? "Ultimately, as so many political scandals do, this comes down to the charge of hypocrisy." Read more: Boris won’t quit over Partygate even if ‘hypocrite’ Starmer resigns    The political correspondent suggested Sir Keir has been forced to offer his resignation as Labour called for Boris Johnson to step down after he received a fixed penalty notice. The Labour Leader has maintained his belief that the Durham gathering, now hailed beergate, did not breach any lockdown restrictions at the time. Sir Keir, alongside other leading members of the Labour party, was captured drinking beer and enjoying curry in a hospitality venue whilst the country was under Tier Two Covid restrictions. Recent YouGov polling has conflicted the strict Labour denial of a lockdown breach. Don't miss:Time to follow the PM, say sorry and move on [COMMENT]Furious Sturgeon rages at 'massive' Tory plot as she BACKS Starmer [REVEAL]'Beergate' spells the end for Starmer's image of honesty [REPORT] According to YouGov data, 54 percent of respondents agreed beergate was either definitely or probably a breach of lockdown rules. Only 21 percent of those polled believed the gathering was not beyond covid limitations. A breakdown of the data to include only individuals who voted Labour in 2019, demonstrated one third still believed the Durham incident broke covid restrictions. 2019 Conservative voters were far more critical of the meeting as a huge 83 percent declared Sir Keir had breached the rules.     In his speech addressing the Durham gathering, Sir Keir Starmer pledged to resign if he was fined for breaching coronavirus restrictions. The Labour Leader announced: "People were entitled to expect that politicians would follow the same rules as everyone else. When my mother-in-law passed away suddenly just before the lockdown, my wife and I were unable to provide her father with the support we wanted to afterwards, because we followed the rules. "Barely a day has passed where we haven't agonised over that decision. But we did it because we follow the rules. We all found the rules frustrating at times, and I'm no exception to that. I had to isolate six times during Covid, pulling me away from my work and the things that I love. "But I did it because we followed the rules. The idea that I would then casually break those rules is wrong. And frankly, I don't believe those accusing me believe it themselves. They are just trying to feed cynicism, to get the public to believe all politicians are the same." He continued: "I am here to say that they're not. I believe in honour, integrity, and the principle that those who make the laws must follow them. And I believe that politicians who undermine that principle, undermine trust in politics, undermine our democracy, and undermine Britain. "I am absolutely clear that no laws were broken. They were followed at all times. I simply had something to eat while working late in the evening, as any politician would do days before an election. But if the police decide to issue me with a fixed penalty notice, I would of course do the right thing and step down. "This matters. It matters because the British public deserve politicians who think the rules apply to them. They deserve politicians who hold themselves to the highest standards. And they deserve politicians who put the country first rather than themselves. They will always, always get that from me. Thank you."