Blenders can be hard to clean properly while avoiding the sharp blades, leaving dirt and stains to build up in those hard-to-reach areas. While you can spend time scrubbing tough residue away over the sink, there is one much quicker way to banish foods and liquids from your blender. Here’s how to do it in just 30 seconds using nothing but soap and water. The blender is a must-have appliance in a kitchen, with plenty of shapes and sizes available to suit any recipe. Whether you have a large or compact style, cleaning every inch of the blade, pitcher and lid can be hard to do in a rush, but there is one simple solution you can try using just two ingredients. According to Kitchn, this 30-second method is the “faster” and “easier” way to clean up after using a blender - all you need is warm water and a few drops of standard dish soap. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to remove yellow pillow stains - ‘easiest way’ Start by filling up the dirty blender pitcher halfway with hot water from a boiled kettle or tap. Add in a few drops of dish soap to create a bubbly liquid and place the lid on the pitcher. For some power blenders, you will need to put the lid on the blender before attaching it to the motor, though most countertop appliances will have the lid and motor at opposite ends of the jug. Attach the sealed blender to the base and cover the top of the blender with a towel. Turn the blender on for around 10 seconds to allow the water to swirl around the inside of the dirty pitcher. For stubborn stains, use a pulse setting for a further 10 seconds - the pressure will help to remove stubborn liquid and food residue from the edges. Pour out the water and rinse with hot water to reveal a spotless blender. Once all the soap has been washed away, the appliance will be ready to use straight away for liquid recipes.   DON'T MISS: How to get rid of ‘dangerous’ poison hemlock from gardens quickly [INSIGHT] Where to plant tomatoes for the best 'chance of success' [REVEAL] How to get rid of slugs in your home [ANALYSIS]   If you’ve left your blender unwashed for a few days, set stains will be harder to get rid of using water alone. Solid foods such as oats, nut butters and even some fruits will harden once they’re lodged into the ridges of the blender or lid, and can become mouldy if left uncleaned. When this happens, simply repeat the same water blending process, this time adding a tablespoon of white vinegar alongside the dish soap. The acidic vinegar will remove cloudy residue lingering on the plastic while breaking down food particles. For a rapid clean that banishes lingering flavours as well as dirt, add the juice of one fresh lemon into the mix. Before filling up the pitcher with hot water, juice the lemon into the container to get it right to the bottom. Once the hot water is added, the lemon scent will intensify, working to neutralise strong scents of flavours from any ingredients used in the blender. As you blitz the lemon with soapy water, the entire blender will be clean and shiny, ready for use.