According to Royal.uk, over 27,000 cups of tea, 20,000 sandwiches and 20,000 slices of cakes are consumed every year at Garden Parties across The Royal Residences. For anyone looking to enjoy a fruit scone over the Platinum Jubilee weekend, the Royal Pastry Chefs have shared their recipe, which traditionally would be served at Buckingham Palace every summer and eaten by the Queen. 500g plain flour 28g baking powder 94g butter 86g sugar Two eggs 140ml buttermilk 100g sultanas - cover in hot water and leave to soak for 30 minutes READ MORE: How to make Queen's 'favourite' chocolate ganache cake - royal recipe 1. Preheat oven to 180 degrees Celcius 2. In a bowl, mix the flour, baking powder, butter and sugar together until a crumb is formed 3. In another bowl, whisk the eggs and buttermilk together 4. Add the eggs and buttermilk to the crumb mixture 5. Continue to mix the dough until it is smooth 6. Add the sultanas, and mix until evenly distributed - optional 7. Remove the dough from the bowl, flatten the dough and cover 8. Leave to rest for approximately 30 minutes 9. Roll out the dough to a thickness of 2.5 cm and cut to the desired shape 10. Rest the scones for another 20 minutes 11. Gently egg wash the top of the scones 12. Bake in the oven for 10-12 minutes until golden brown 13. Cool before serving with jam and clotted cream DON'T MISS...Meghan and Harry SNUBBED after inviting Sadiq Khan to California home [NEWS]What royals eat for breakfast - including Charles's 'breakfast box' [INSIDER]Eight Royal Family members who don't use their real names[COMMENT] As for how scones should be eaten, if you wish to copy the Queen, she likes to have jam then cream on her scone. Traditionally, the Cornish method is to split the scone into two, spread the jam and then add a spoonful of clotted cream. In contrast, the Devonshire method is to split the scone in two, but cover each half with clotted cream, then jam. Some also add butter - this becomes the first layer on the scone before jam and cream - whichever way around - is added. For anyone considering making the other elements of an afternoon tea - royal style - there are a few finger sandwiches the Queen is said to be fond of. According to former royal chef Darren McGrady, the monarch’s “favourite” sandwich which she has eaten since she was a little girl is jam pennies. “Simple, just bread and jam with a little butter - usually strawberry jam,” Darren explained. The jam is usually made with strawberries from Balmoral Castle. The two pieces of bread are then sandwiched together, and instead of cutting them into squares or triangles, a circle cutter is used to stamp out circle holes in the middle of the bread. Another sandwich the royals enjoyed at the garden parties was cucumber sandwiches. Inside was cucumber and cream cheese “with a hint of fresh spearmint”. The crusts were cut off before cutting the bread into four small squares. A classic cheese and tomato sandwich is also on offer at a royal afternoon tea party. After deseeding a tomato, the skin is then removed, and place onto the buttered bread. Grated cheese is added before the crusts are removed and the bread is cut into two.