Tweeting yesterday (Thursday), the day that many local elections were held across the UK, Nick Boles, the Prime Minister’s right-hand man while London mayor, said it was the “first time I’ve voted Labour since an equally glorious May morning in 1997”. The Electoral Commission is now facing demands to bring social media posts in line with other disclosures on election day, with the current rules being described as a “farce” and outdated. There are strict laws concerning the publication of related material during an election period, which mean media organisations have to be careful not to unduly influence voting through their reporting. This requires that major parties be given equal weight in coverage, and that on election day discussion of election issues must cease. The Representation of the People Act 2000 stipulates that it is an offence to publish any statement about the way in which voters have voted in that election during polling day. However, this so far only extends to media publications, and there has been an ongoing debate as to whether it should be extended to social media channels. READ MORE: 'Much to do!' Diane Abbott leads Corbyn allies in blasting Starmer This is couched in a wider debate about whether social media companies are publishers or platforms; if deemed to be the former, then they like other publishers would be liable for defamatory or unlawful comments made on their sites. Social media companies have typically maintained that they are not publishers, as they have no editorial oversight on what is published on their platforms by users. In 2015, the Electoral Commission clarified its view of election regulations when it came to disclosures made on social media. It said: “A voter may volunteer information about who they voted for, provided no undue influence is exerted on them to do so. “There is no explicit provision in law that prevents people from tweeting or re-tweeting that information.” Julian Knight, chairman of the all-party House of Commons culture select committee, said Mr Boles’s disclosure showed how the current rules were a “farce”. He added: “We have electoral rules that are built for the last century and not built for now. We need a thorough overhaul of the rules. “The Electoral Commission needs to think a bit more closely about how it interacts with social media, to ensure that it doesn’t run roughshod over the electoral process.” DON'T MISS:Xi warned of 'exceptionally high risk' Taiwan invasion plan [INSIGHT]Putin 'potentially has problem' as Russia running out of missiles [ANALYSIS]Ukraine mayor embarrasses Russia state TV in refusal to follow script [COMMENT] Meanwhile, a Government source told the Telegraph: “It seems unfair that some media is regulated on some things and other forms of media that have a very similar output and impact are not.” Another source told the paper that it may prove difficult for the Government to impose similar strictures on social media companies such as Twitter, but also questioned whether the regulations for newspapers were still suitable for the digital age. Mark Stephens CBE, a media lawyer, commented: “It is an obvious ambiguity and lacuna that frankly has caught the Electoral Commission asleep on the job, because the whole purpose is to prevent people influencing the outcome of elections.” The Electoral Commission reportedly said it did not play a role in regulating the period leading up to an election, nor what publishers could report on polling day. The Crown Prosecution Service occasionally chooses not to prosecute cases when it may not be in the public interest, or does not infringe the spirit of the law. In 2004, the Electoral Commission referred the Times to the CPS after it published an opinion poll – which is allowed in the regulations – based on postal votes, which it believed amounted to an exit poll, which is strictly forbidden until polls close. However, the CPS decided that it would not be appropriate to take the matter further. Mr Boles was, until 2019, a Tory MP for Grantham and Stamford in Lincolnshire. He resigned the whip that year because of the Conservative Party’s “refuses to compromise” on a Brexit deal. During that tumultuous time in Parliament, he was a key proponent of the “Common Market 2.0” proposal – otherwise known as “Norway Plus” – that effectively suggested reverting back to the purely economic relationship the UK had with the European Economic Community. Even though this would have divested the UK of the EU’s legal and political trappings, critics noted that it would still involve large budgetary contributions and freedom of movement. It was voted down.