Prince Andrew will reportedly join other members of the Royal Family in attending Garter Day on June 13. The ceremony takes place annually at Windsor Castle including a grand procession and service to install new companions. The event is returning for the first time since the coronavirus pandemic and is a prominent day in the royal calendar, with Andrew expected to attend alongside the Royal Knights in a private capacity. Royal writer Daniela Elser said: “While the line the Palace has been seemingly trying to spin is that Andrew will only be taking part in the Garter ceremony in 'a private capacity as a Royal Knight' that is nothing short of risible. “Garter Day is the epitome of monarchical splendour and pomp and trying to sell his inclusion as 'private' would be like trying to argue that Buckingham Palace is little more than a fixer-upper.” Andrew stepped back from his public duties in November 2019, following his Newsnight interview and in August 2021, Virginia Giuffre launched a civil lawsuit accusing Andrew of sexual assault. He has repeatedly and vehemently rejected any allegations of wrongdoing. The pair reached an out-of-court settlement but The Queen stripped her second son of his titles. Andrew’s appointment as Royal Knight is a private one as it was handed to him directly by the Queen, meaning he would attend Garter Day next month in a private capacity. Ahead of his potential Garter Day appearance, Express.co.uk asked readers whether he should be allowed back to royal duties. In a poll that ran from midday on Tuesday, May 24, to 1pm on Wednesday, May 25, Express.co.uk asked: “Should Andrew be allowed back to royal duties?” Overall, 5,511 people responded with the overwhelming majority – 92 percent (5,047 people) – answering “no”, Andrew should not be allowed back to royal duties. A further eight percent (433 people) said “yes”, he should and just 31 people said they did not know either way. Dozens of comments were left below the accompanying article with readers sharing their thoughts on Andrew’s potential Garter Day appearance and return to royal duties. One reader, username prestonfan1 said: “It would NOT be a wise move.” Username Dingledell wrote: “No, and no explanation needed.” And username Claremont77 said: “Definitely don't want to see him representing the Royal Family in public. He can meet privately as a family member.” Others agreed that the Queen’s second son should keep a private life. Username mags 2 said: “No he should not be able to return to royal duties. Charles needs to tell him to back off.” While username Sloppo said: “No, Andrew should not be in the spotlight during the Queen's jubilee. “He should maintain a dignified silence and remain behind closed doors.” DON'T MISS'She's no fool' Queen is 'breaking free from past' as she prepares William and Kate [LATEST]Royal POLL: Will you celebrate Platinum Jubilee? [VOTE]Royal fans warned of 'last major public occasion' they will see Queen as health fears grow [INSIGHT] Andrew’s presence at Garter Day will be listed in the Court Circular, the registry completed the following day noting working royals in attendance at all official events. His inclusion in the Court Circular would be considered “standard practice”, a palace source told the Telegraph. The diary records events attended by full-time working members of the Firm as well as major royal engagements. This means for events such as Prince Philip’s memorial service and Garter Day non-working Royals in attendance are listed as participants.