While the UK Government has banned the sale of new petrol and diesel cars from the end of this decade, lawmakers on the European Parliament's environment committee yesterday backed an EU plan to impose a ban from 2035. They also voted against proposals for tougher targets to cut car CO2 emissions within this decade, angering climate change campaigners. But the committee supported the proposal for a 100 percent cut in CO2 emissions by 2035, which would make it impossible to sell new fossil fuel-powered vehicles in the 27-countries of the European Union. The European Commission proposed the targets in a package of climate change policies last year. They were based around the proposal that new cars stay on the roads for 10 to 15 years - meaning that 2035 is the latest date that sales of polluting cars could stop without affecting the plan to have zero emissions by 2050. READ MORE: Drivers furious over sunglasses rule that can land £5,000 fine The committee did not back a proposal to impose a 55 percent cut in CO2 emissions from cars by 2030 however. But they also refused to back proposals from other lawmakers to water down the 2035 goal. Jan Huitema, the lead lawmaker on the policy told Reuters: "With CO2 standards, we create clarity for the car industry and stimulate innovation and investments for car manufacturers," adding that it should make driving electric vehicles cheaper. The European Parliament will vote on the car CO2 proposals later this year, after which lawmakers and EU countries must negotiate the final rules. DON'T MISSDriver solves mystery after receiving multiple unknown parking fines [MYSTERY]Elderly drivers 'put off by the cost' of electric cars despite car ban [INTERESTING]‘Legalised theft’ Driver 'baffled' after he received £100 parking fine [OUTRAGEOUS] By switching to EVs, the EU aims to tackle the quarter of European emissions that come from transport, which have risen in recent years. Many car manufacturers have announced plans to stop selling combustion engine vehicles completely in Europe by 2035. In the UK it is even earlier in order to meet the 2030 ban on new petrol and diesel car sales. But not all have followed suit and BMW this month said it will build a new factory to produce petrol engines. The EU is also negotiating proposals to require countries to install public charging points at regular intervals along major roads. The European Commission has also reached a provisional agreement that all new vehicles sold in Europe will be fitted with a speed limiter as a legal requirement from July 6 this year. The 2019/2044 regulation also mandates all new cars that have already launched be fitted with speed limiting technology by July 7, 2024. France saw protests at the installation of the telemetric devices and there are fears drivers will face bills in the hundreds to have them retro-fitted.