The Eurovision Song Contest's highly-anticipated final is just days away and fans have been speculating about which act will be the biggest hit with voters. While Ukraine's Kalush Orchestra have been tipped as the early favourites to win this year's song contest, semi-final host Rylan Clark believes Norway's entry Subwoolfer could be the one to watch. Italy is playing host to the competition following the country's 2021 victory in Rotterdam with the rock band Måneskin who performed Zitti E Buoni. The semi-finals kick off on Tuesday and Rylan and Scott Mills will be broadcasting live from Turin to host the coverage. They will be giving commentary on the 35 countries competing for their place in this weekend's grand final. Former X-Factor star Rylan believes Norway's "novelty" entry could be the act which wins this year's contest, but he has confidence in the singer representing the UK. READ MORE: 'Disgusted' BBC Breakfast sparks uproar over Russian news coverage   He explained: "I do have a few favourites. Norway especially as their song is quite 'novelty' but at the same time, it’s extremely catchy and a great track. They’re definitely ones to watch." Norway will be presented by two masked intergalactic space wolves, and the nation has been wondering for month who is behind the obscure costumes. Speculation is mounting that Subwoolfer could be the latest reincarnation of Norwegian comedy duo Ylvis. The Bergen-born brothers Bård and Vegard Ylvisåker shot to fame in 2013 for their one-hit-wonder What Does The Fox Say?   The music video for the parody tune has over one billion views. While the brothers have toured with various theatre shows over the years, their work came to an abrupt halt when the COVID-19 pandemic happened. With restrictions lifting around the world, could this be the year the pair make an animal track comeback? Rylan is not the only person who has been impressed by Subwoolfer, as many have rallied behind the band on social media. DON'T MISS...Ukraine Eurovision 2022 song: Meaning of Kalush Orchestra's Stefania [EXPLAINER]Sophie Ellis-Bextor warns of ‘nul points’ score’ at Eurovision news  [LATEST]Eurovision fix row: Italy singer Mahmood's experience exposed [UPDATE]  After hearing the group's Eurovision song, Sam JHS tweeted: "Norway, there's taking Eurovision as a joke, and then there's taking a joke and making it so damn good. "@Subwoolferband are outstanding; the beat is infectious, and the lyrics are easy to sing and remember. Three minutes of fun that I do not want to end." Matthew Jenkins commented: "I've never been so tense about the @Eurovision EVER! Like, it's getting WAY too impossible to predict a winner, even with the top 4 favourites! Who knows, Subwoofer of Norway could just YOINK the competition last minute, or Systur of Iceland!!! SO EXCITING!" (sic) Micky Welch added: "The Eurovision entry by Norway this year sounds like a winner."  Pim said: "This song screams television vote winner. The package is polished, they know exactly what they're going for. "The rhythm is addictive and everyone will be talking about this performance." Just 10 acts from each semi-final will make it through to Saturday’s Grand Final. The Eurovision Song Contest semi-finals air tonight at 8pm and Thursday at 8pm on BBC Three, and the final will air on Saturday. 