As passionate Mars meets spiritual Neptune in Pisces at 7.33am, you might feel a greater impetus to seize opportunities and muster up plans to shoot for your goals. Impractical visions have more of a chance of coming to fruition today. The Mars-Neptune conjunction perfects early today, bringing a cheerier start to the morning as its motivational energies will stir a greater drive towards goals, helping to add a layer of positivity to your thoughts. Cafe Astrology described the energies to be “a colourful, imaginative, persuasive, and creative combination." It continued: “Our instincts or impulses are powerful. Everyday fare is not as interesting to us – we’re motivated by our bigger dreams.” The Sagittarius Moon will continue until 1.03pm, where it will enter cautious and ambitious Capricorn.  READ MORE: Super Blood Moon horoscope: How May Full Moon will affect YOU  Cafe Astrology said: “With the Capricorn Moon, we’re more resolved, determined, and goal-oriented. “We seek order and structure in our lives. Our careers, reputation, and objectives are in focus with the Moon in this sensible sign.” When in transit, a Capricorn Moon sparks a more authoritative approach to situations, as well as a harsher discipline on yourself. You might feel more grounded and practical during these transitions, but emotions tend to be a tad colder and more suppressed.  Now’s not the time to deal with emotional exchanges as the detached and aloof energies might make you come across as slightly off. Cafe Astrology said: “Situations that require us to keep a cool head work best under this influence since we’re not as easily swept away by our feelings.” Ideally, it’s best to use a Capricorn Moon to boost your career, just try not to make any drastic emotional decisions, Astrology.Tv advised. However, we’ll also be heading toward a Sun-Pluto trine today, which also promotes increasingly ambitious and focussed energies.  DON'T MISS: Lunar soil can catalyse the production of oxygen and fuel [INSIGHT]Supplements: Digestive issues can arise from too much vitamin C [ANALYSIS]The popular mineral supplement that is 'harmful' for your heart [EXPLAINED]    Astrology.com said: “You will experience an illumination of your intrinsic motivation today, leading you to seek empowering opportunities to develop your core purpose in life." During these transits, you might feel more energised and assertive, which kindly complements the potent ambitious Capricorn Moon traits stirring in the atmosphere. Take time to reflect on your goals today; reprioritise them in accordance with possible new ambitions stirring today. Astrology.com said: “Because you will have an enhanced ability to penetrate to the depth of whatever you focus on, it is an excellent day to schedule time to work on the projects that are most important to you." 