Bernie Taylor (played by Clair Norris) is struggling to cope with giving up her baby after fulfilling her surrogacy promise to Rainie (Tanya Franks) and Stuart Highway (Ricky Champ). In Wednesday’s EastEnders, she made her feelings to Mitch Baker (Roger Griffiths) clear over his offer to babysit Roland but when he ignores her request, will Karen Taylor (Lorraine Stanley) cut ties with Mitch for good? In the laundrette, Rainie checked in with Mitch to make sure he was still okay to look after baby Roland. Karen looked visibly horrified by the idea of Mitch babysitting and quizzed Mitch once Rainie was out of earshot. However, Mitch struggled to see why looking after Roland would be a problem. “I ain’t sure that’s a good idea, Mitch,” she warned. Read more: EastEnders theory: Callum Highway and Ben Mitchell split over secret Bernie overheard and gave her blessing for Mitch to babysit but Karen could see her daughter was distressed. Later, Bernie opened up to Mitch about how difficult she was finding surrogacy. She said: “I don’t think it’s going to work you helping out with him.” “I just wanted to watch him for a while they can’t really take him into the hospital,” he replied. “I know Mitch but you’re my family not his, you seeing him it only makes it harder for me,” Bernie explained. “It wasn’t easy giving him up after I thought I might keep him." “You’re right I should have seen that I’m so sorry,” Mitch said and Bernie added: “I just really need you lot behind me.” “I’ve got your back honestly,” he promised. “Bernie I’ll support you all the way I promise from now on I’m going to listen you’re a lot stronger than you give yourself credit for. I won’t see him again I swear.” Despite Mitch’s declaration, Rainie persuaded him to change his mind. He told the new mum: “Rainie I’m sorry I can’t do this today I should never have offered it’s just not fair on Bernie.” DON'T MISSEastEnders theory: Stuart Highway relapses in Bernie custody battle [INSIGHT]EastEnders theory: Chrissie Watts returns to for revenge [SPOILER]EastEnders theory: Tommy Moon's football career ruined over secret [THEORY] “You said you’d be here,” she hit back and Mitch explained: “She’s been through so much it’s not fair me getting involved and making things worse for her.” “Shame, you’ve got the magic touch,” Rainie replied before begging: “No one need know. It’s not a secret, it’s an agreement. It’s not your problem but the truth is I’m not really coping. “All that sacrifice, surely Bernie would want to know deep down that that little one is okay, wouldn’t she?” Mitch lamented and agreed to look after Roland but will Bernie forgive him if she finds out? Bernie mustered up the courage to tell Mitch how she felt after Karen’s encouragement. Karen has been extremely worried about her daughter and won’t be impressed with the betrayal. EastEnders viewers have watched the couple grow close and then drift apart several times since they arrived in Walford. However, will Karen decide the pair’s shot at romance is over once and for all if she finds out Mitch went behind Bernie’s back? EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.