The new TikTok trend has many dog owners using purple shampoo on their dogs’ hair when they wash them. Purple shampoo is a product used by people with blonde hair as it has the effect of neutralising the colour when the hair is brassy or yellow. Dr Sean McCormack, who is the head vet at tails.com warned pet owners against the trend, as it can have serious health consequences for canines. According to the expert, dogs are more sensitive to the ingredients found in human shampoo. Using human shampoo on dogs can cause irritation, leaving their skin dry, flaky and more vulnerable to parasites, bacteria and viruses. Irritation caused by using harsh toxins can encourage excessive itching, which can result in abrasions and wounds forming on the skin and an increased chance of bacterial infection. This could cause numerous different skin-related issues for the pup. Purple shampoo contains high levels of citric acid, an ingredient in lemon juice, which plays a role in lightening the hair. While citric acid is safe to consume for humans, high levels are not suitable for dogs, causing irritation, upset stomach and can even be toxic. Dogs groom their fur by licking, which could lead to harmful consequences if their coat is coated with acidic chemicals. In general, Dr Sean McCormack points out that dog owners should not apply any products that are not specifically made for dogs to their pet friends. READ MORE: Hope for dog owners as new analysis could help police catch thieves He noted that there are dog-friendly products that offer coat-brightening instead, leaving absolutely no excuse to douse your dog in chemicals intended for human hair. Moreover, many products designed for human use leave harmful toxic residue on dogs' fur, which can dry out and intensify any pre-existing issues. Sulphates found in purple shampoo often irritate human skin. This would be the reality for dogs being washed in purple shampoo, rather than natural dog-friendly formulas that have been created especially for them. When it comes to beauty, Tails.com advises that owners can ensure that their dog maintains healthy, glossy coat by feeding them a good diet. Experts also point out that a dog should not take a bath too often. Too much washing can actually cause your dog some problems, as they have very sensitive skin. What’s more, if any flea or worming treatments that are applied to the dogs’ coats are used, these will be washed out with each bath, leaving the pet vulnerable to those parasites.