In recent weeks, EastEnders viewers have watched Stuart Highway (played by Ricky Champ) pull away from his love Rainie (Tanya Franks) and their baby Roland. Despite fulfilling their dream of becoming parents, Stuart was struck by tragedy in the BBC soap when he was diagnosed with breast cancer. Not only did he have to come to terms with having an operation to remove the tumour, but Stuart has also been told that he'll need chemotherapy treatment as well. Initially, Stuart struggled with the pain in his chest, and even though he aired his concerns about his painkiller addiction to his nan Vi Highway (Gwen Taylor), she convinced him to start taking them again. Despite putting on a brave face to Rainie and his grandmother, Stuart continued to take the painkillers behind the mother of his child's back. When Rainie did eventually find out about his betrayal, she was furious. Despite choosing to forgive him, things will begin to get worse for Stuart in upcoming scenes. READ MORE: Outlander’s Sam Heughan explains dangerous and ‘illegal’ kilt scene In official spoilers released by the BBC, Stuart will begin his chemotherapy treatment. However, as he makes his way home, he bumps into Dotty (Milly Zero) who assumes he is high and threatens to tell Bernie (Clair Norris). Stuart feels the pressure and is forced to reveal the truth to Dotty. He tells her he is struggling to feel a connection to his son, Roland. Stuart has already betrayed Rainie once, but if Dotty exposes his secret, it could all be over for the couple. How will Rainie react when she realises Stuart is struggling to bond with their son? In scenes that aired earlier this month, viewers witnessed Stuart beginning to pull away from Roland. However, Stuart made every excuse not to look after Roland and palmed their son off his grandmother. DON'T MISS...Escape to the Chateau’s Dick and Angel clashed on family decision [INSIGHT]NCIS LA: Chris O’Donnell’s son stopped from starring in CBS series [CAST]Amanda Holden horrified as BGT crew member 'set on fire' [VIDEO] "I told you those tablets weren't so bad, it's no big deal, love," Vi reassured her grandson as he cleaned the flat. "It is just until I heal," Stuart insisted. "I've got to start pulling my weight around this flat." "You're still the man of the house," Vi continued. "I've got painkillers all over the house when my hip starts playing up and I'm not an addict, am I?" "I am an addict, nan, it's not the same?" Stuart added as baby Roland started to cry. "Could you get that please?" Stuart pleaded before Vi hit back: "For goodness sake, Stuart he's your son, what is the matter with you?" "I dunno," he emotionally admitted. "I am just not sure I can cuddle him knowing that I am under the influence." BBC bosses also confirmed that Stuart was going to be the centre of a major postnatal depression storyline. Speaking about how the soap will portray Stuart's illness, Annie Belasco, Head of the Charity PANDAS, said: “PANDAS Foundation were delighted to hear that EastEnders intended to produce a storyline highlighting postnatal depression in men. "We enjoyed advising the team around the postnatal depression aspect of Stuart's journey which we feel will be relatable to many fathers struggling to bond with their baby. "Postnatal depression in fathers is still a much undiscovered and stigmatised area, which is why it is so imperative that awareness is shared in no doubt that men who may be feeling unwell with symptoms of postnatal depression can seek the support that they need at an early interventional stage. "A full recovery of any low level perinatal mental illness, with the right support is possible.” EastEnders airs weekdays at 7.30pm on BBC One.