Charles Leclerc should be lenient on Ferrari for messing up his strategy in Monaco as he has ‘screwed up’ already this season, according to Ralf Schumacher. The former Williams and Jordan driver said the team has done ‘less wrong’ this season than the 24-year-old Monegasque. Speaking to Sky Germany, he said: “He’s screwed up enough himself, so he should be meek. Things happen. You win together and lose together. So far, the team has done less wrong than he has.” Leclerc was frustrated with his team’s strategy calls in yesterday’s Monaco Grand Prix as a series of bad decisions cost him victory at his home race. Ferrari called Leclerc in for intermediates but then changed their mind three laps later and pitted again for hard tyres. Indecision on the Ferrari pit wall saw Leclerc hit his steering wheel and vent an x-rated rant at his engineer. He said: “F*** f**** Why?! What are you doing?!" READ MORE: Ferrari warned of a 'PR problem' as Leclerc hits out after Monaco GP This dropped him behind his team-mate who had decided to stay out and wait for the track to dry. Leclerc then dropped behind both Red Bulls after Sergio Perez and Max Verstappen stayed out for an extra lap and managed to get the overcut. However, Leclerc has been involved in a high profile incident this season of his own doing. He spun out of the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix when running third, eventually finishing just sixth and losing vital world championship points. The Ferrari star also crashed in qualifying at last year’s Monaco Grand Prix qualifying which prevented him from starting on pole. He also crashed out of a potentially race-winning position at the 2019 German Grand Prix and could have secured pole at Baku in 2019 if not for a mistake. DON'T MISSFerrari accused of 'weak' appeal against Perez's Monaco GP win [INSIGHT]Charles Leclerc hits out at Ferrari and demands talks after Monaco GP [ANALYSIS]Leclerc blows up on team radio as Verstappen gets jump on Ferrari star [COMMENT] However, former driver Timo Glock wasn’t too forgiving of Ferrari for getting the strategy completely wrong. The ex-Toyota driver said the team had made the ‘wrong decision’ for Leclerc’s race as ‘panic’ set in. He explained: “The calm that was there with Red Bull’s strategy was missing at Ferrari. That cost them the win. You could hear how much panic there was on the radio. “I didn’t understand why they didn’t continue with this pace or reacted earlier. You didn’t know where to go with Charles. In the end, you made the wrong decision and that’s how Leclerc’s curse was upheld in Monaco.”