Juventus star Paulo Dybala has been linked with a move to the Premier League on numerous occasions over the course of his career, and he could finally be set to make the move this summer with Tottenham if they revisit old interest in the player. The forward’s agent has reportedly landed in London to discuss a potential move with Premier League clubs, with his contract set to expire with the Old Lady at the end of this season. And that gives Spurs boss Antonio Conte the opportunity get the better of former boss Mauricio Pochettino, who failed to secure Dybala's signature three years ago. Pochettino was keen to sign Dybala whilst he was in the dugout at White Hart Lane, but a deal never materialised after talks stalled between the two parties in 2019. Now at Paris Saint-Germain, the Argentine boss was forced to remain solely reliant on Harry Kane to lead the line. Speculation more recently had suggested Spurs were again keen on landing Dybala and reports that his agent is currently in England has only added fuel to the fire, especially amongst Tottenham fans, given that they were previously interested under Pochettino. CalcioMercato, via Football Italia, reports that Dybala’s agent Jorge Antun is currently in London and talking with Premier League clubs about the prospect of making the move away from Serie A. However, Arsenal were the club named in the report as being potentially interested in capturing Dybala, not Spurs. It is no secret that the Gunners are in the market for a striker with their two current options, Eddie Nketiah and Alexandre Lacazette, both out of contract in the summer. But Spurs are likely to be in the market for an attacking reinforcement too given that Kane remains the only out and out No 9 option at the club, and amid uncertainty over Steven Bergwijn's future, Conte’s options could be cut even more. The Italian is expected to be well-backed in the transfer market this summer, with reports circulating that he could walk away from the club if he is not given funds to spend. Aside from his wage demands, Conte will see no reason why his side cannot sign Dybala given that it will be a free transfer. Dybala has scored 10 goals and assisted six for Juve in 27 league appearances this season, proving to be a valuable and versatile asset for manager Massimiliano Allegri. But the club themselves didn’t believe that the Argentina international warranted a bumper contract extension. Pavel Nedved told Football Italia: “We evaluated the player in all areas, what he gives us on and off the field, looking at the contribution 360 degrees. Obviously, his requests were very high, as is fair because he’s a great player, we didn’t feel prepared to do that, so it’s only right that we go our separate ways. That does not mean he’s not a great player.” It remains to be seen if Spurs are willing to meet Dybala’s demands if they are interested and if Conte can rectify Pochettino's mistake in not signing the 28-year-old.