Sadio Mane is more likely to join Paris Saint-Germain than Bayern Munich if the Liverpool star decides to leave the club this summer, reports suggest. Rival clubs have apparently shown significant interest in signing the star, but it seems he has made his preference clear with a huge offer on the table. The Senegalese winger is yet to put pen to paper on a new deal after being offered fresh terms at Anfield. And that is because PSG are offering the 30-year-old a lucrative deal to move to the Parc des Princes this summer, with Bayern unable to match their financial power. Mane’s current deal worth around £200,000-a-week expires in 2023 and the attacker has done his utmost to prove to the club he is worthy of a pay rise. His improvement on the pitch has seen Mane score 12 goals since the turn of the year — the most of any Liverpool player, including team-mate Mohamed Salah. However, the club will be aware that he turns 31 in June and his best days could well be behind him. The opportunity to move to PSG where a Ligue 1 title is almost a formality may be more suited to the latter stage of his illustrious career, with stars such as Neymar and Lionel Messi his potential strike partners. READ MORE: Bayern Munich may turn attentions to Richarlison if Mane bid fails News of PSG’s interest, as reported by Bild's Christian Falk on Twitter is likely to cause concern amongst Liverpool fans, with his agent Bjorn Bezemer revealing back in March that the two parties were not in talks. "We talk a lot with Liverpool but currently we are not talking about a contract extension, we are waiting for the end of the season," he told TFM Senegal via Anfield Talk. Mane has been synonymous with the club since arriving in a £34m transfer in 2016, scoring 119 goals in 267 appearances for the Reds. But there is a belief that he could be ready for a new challenge, having already won the Premier League, Champions League and Club World Cup. DON'T MISSLiverpool target Tchouameni refuses to rule out summer moveArsenal and Liverpool target Gakpo speaks out on futureLiverpool's forgotten man proves Neville wrong with title intervention Liverpool also have Diogo Jota, Luis Diaz and Harvey Elliott, all 25 and under, pencilled in as long-term replacements if Mane and Salah depart. But Klopp is keen to retain the services of the experienced winger. The German boss has already begun his charm offensive in a bid to convince Mane to stay, hailing the forward’s recent performances after a difficult season last term. "He’s a world-class striker. Wherever he will play, left-wing, right-wing, centre, he’s a world-class striker,” Klopp said after Mane scored twice in a 3-1 win over Norwich. "It’s really helpful to have him here. He helped the team out today massively with first playing in the centre, then going back to left-wing, then being in the right moment in the centre to do the bicycle kick."