The Queen and Prince Philip were married for more than seven decades, and their love story started before the Queen succeeded the throne in 1952. 'Elizabeth: The Unseen Queen', a BBC documentary set to air on May 29, has teased footage of a young Princess Elizabeth flaunting her then-brand new engagement ring from her beloved Philip in 1946, around a year before their engagement was announced publicly in 1947.  Princess Elizabeth and Prince Philip of Greece and Denmark met famously at the Royal Naval College in Dartmouth when the future Queen was 13 and Philip was 18. Shortly after Philip went off to war with the Royal Navy, and a few years after the war ended Elizabeth and Philip became engaged. Philip was thought to have proposed at the royal Scottish residence of Balmoral while on holiday with the Royal Family. The happy couple would wed later that year on November 20, 1947, and they remained married until Prince Philip's death in April 2021.  READ MORE: Royal: Sussexes' balcony moment 'blocked by Charles and William' Their marriage was widely regarded to be an incredibly happy one, and they shared four children and eight grandchildren together. And even today, the Queen continues to wear the stunning engagement ring Philip helped design from the London-based jeweller, Philip Antrobus Ltd, which she debuted to the world in July 1947. Daniel O’Farrell, founder of DC Jewellery and gemologist, said of the beautiful ring: “The Queen's engagement ring is arguably her most treasured piece, having been presented to her by Prince Phillip in 1946 when they were staying at Balmoral. "However the official announcement of the engagement was delayed until after the Queen’s 21st birthday."   Philip made sure to pay tribute to his own family when designing the engagement ring he would give to the future Queen. Mr O'Farrell said the central stone is a "three-carat round brilliant-cut taken and repurposed from a tiara belonging to Philip's mother". Philip's mother Princess Alice of Greece and Denmark was herself a great-granddaughter of Queen Victoria, and she was married to Philip's father, Prince Andrew of Greece and Denmark. As for the ring's value, it could be worth "many millions" due to its historical provenance, but its retail value hovers in the impressive six-figure mark.  DON'T MISS:Royal etiquette: Bizarre dining traditions Royal Family must follow [INSIGHT]The best pictures of the Queen at the Chelsea Flower Show [PICTURES]The personal milestones of the Queen's 70-year reign - a timeline [ANALYSIS] The jewellery expert added: "The ring would likely retail in the region of £150,000, but due to the provenance and historical significance of the ring, were it ever to come to market it would be worth many millions.” Philip also commissioned the jeweller to use the leftover diamonds from his mother's dismantled tiara to create another wedding gift for his future wife. Subsequently, the Edinburgh Wedding Bracelet was born, and it has since been worn by the Queen and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge. The diamond bracelet echoes Art Deco and it was constructed in a geometric design. 