Top Gear season 32 is soon to land on viewers' screens, and a brand new trailer has teased a mysterious fourth driver and gives fans a look into Paddy McGuinness, Freddie Flintoff, and Chris Harris' journey to Florida where they tear up some US tracks. While pulling out an array of questionable items, Paddy assures the airport worker that it is "not what she thinks" as she rummages through their belongings.  The short video clip shows the racing trio struggling to get through customs and airport security on their way back from Florida. As the stern-looking airport attendant goes through their "filthy" items, each artifact sends the onlooker into a flashback of their wild time. Paddy and Freddie joined Chris for season 27 back in 2019, and since then, the adrenaline junkies have tried to outperform each other at every opportunity they get. As well as grabbing a quick glimpse into their time in Florida, fans also see Freddie bobsleighing in a Sinclair C5 and the lads putting their dream TV Cop cars through their paces. Read More: 'Don't know if that's true!' Mike Tindall rubbishes Jubilee plan claims on GMB   As well as climbing aboard some of the most iconic police vehicles ever seen on screen, the team buggy races in alligator-infested waters and hits the road in a 35-foot-long Holiday Rambler Aluma Lite RV. All three presenters enter the unique swamp buggy racing event in Naples, Florida. It sees a field of homebuilt aquatic buggies splashing around a circuit cut through an alligator-infested swamp. The presenters also go head-to-head on Miami's quarter-mile drag strip in America's newest official motorsport, Donk racing. This race sees classic American muscle cars modified to produce up to 2000 brake horsepower (bhp). Freddie is inspired by the genius of Sir Clive Sinclair (RIP) and turns a Sinclair C5 into a bobsleigh – christened the Ski5 and attempts to hit 60mph down Norway's Lillehammer's Olympic luge track.  The final event of Team Top Gear's Florida motorsport adventure is Dirty 30. The driving hosts line up in a grid of heavily modified Ford Crown Victoria police cars, all equipped with power-boosting nitrous oxide and let loose. Youtuber D J.M commented on the trailer, saying: "This trio is actually rather good and they have great chemistry over time, it was always going to take some time and would never be perfect straight away. "Yes it's not the old trio, but people seriously need to move on. Besides we got two car shows out of it, and if the original trio didn't leave Top Gear we wouldn't have got their amazing solo Amazon Shows and I doubt Jeremy would have done his ITV stuff. DON’T MISS…'BBC has LOVED it' Rees-Mogg hits back at Naga Munchetty, branding Partygate 'non-story'[LATEST]The Last Kingdom film: Eliza Butterworth won’t return as Aelswith 'We tried everything’ [LATEST]‘She absolutely goes mad' Mike Tindall in candid admission about daughter Mia [LATEST]  "I'm also very grateful to be introduced to Chris Harris, his passion for cars is just infectious. It is just a shame that it seems like there will always be those people crying about whatever Top Gear makes until the end of time just because Jeremy, James and Richard aren't in it." "Wow this looks amazing, can't wait!!" JDMLOVER06 said. Josef Suhonen added: "I like this trio. Frankly, I like them more than anything the old trio is currently doing." Although the new team is proving popular with many fans, some are still mourning the loss of the original hosts.   Grumpyoldman described: "They can never replace the original 3 but.... They come extremely close." Jahhaj stated: "Whilst I enjoy these three, I feel like most of the things that they previewed here have been done before, either by Clarkson and Co or by themselves in past series, it's very repetitive." A release date of the new season is yet to be announced, with the previously aired season available on BBC iPlayer.    Grumpyoldman  Jahhaj stated: "Whilst I enjoy these three, I feel like most of the things that they previewed here have been done before, either by Clarkson and Co or by themselves in past series, it's very repetitive."  A release date of the new season is yet to be announced, with the previously aired season available on BBC iPlayer.