BBC Breakfast’s presenter for six years, Dan Walker, confirmed he’ll be leaving his post as morning news anchor and starting a new role with Channel 5 last month. On Tuesday morning, he finally confirmed the date of his final day with the BBC, and how many early starts he has left. Morning presenter Dan left his co-host Sally Nugent rather emotional when he revealed he would be leaving in just two weeks time. Sally warned viewers, “brace yourself” as Dan got ready to share his announcement. He began: “You know you keep asking me when I’m going? Well, I can tell you now, officially.” The pair laughed as Dan looked at his watch and joked: “I’m leaving in five minutes. You can do the rest yourself, can’t you?” READ MORE: Ozark showrunner addresses hopes for spin-off as fans slam ending He confirmed: “May 17 is my last day, so two weeks today.” Sally let out a short gasp and replied: “Ooh, that’s not many shifts left, is it?” Not counting Tuesday’s broadcast, Dan just has six slots left with the BBC before he can put an end to his 3am alarm calls. The long-running presenter continued by thanking BBC viewers who have supported him since making one of the biggest decisions of his broadcasting career. “As I have explained to you, it was a big decision and quite a sad one,” Dan told Sally. Sally assured her co-presenter she was okay with the decision, although she couldn’t help making a sly look to the side. Dan looked at the camera and continued: “The other thing to say is thank you to everybody who sent so many lovely messages. “And one thing I have realised, because lots of people want to chat to you about this programme.” DON'T MISS:Outlander season 6 finale leaves fans divided as Claire’s fate unknown [REACTION]Grace and Frankie: Jane and Lily’s next film project confirmed [INSIGHT]Gemma Whelan lists conditions for returning to Game of Thrones [INTERVIEW] “It means an awful lot to a lot of people. It’s reminded me how special this show is, and how much everybody who watches it loves it. “So, thank you very much to everyone who’s come up and said some lovely things.” Sally reminisced: “It’s been a big part of people’s lives for the past six years, every morning. “Bringing the news, the weather and the travel, and the fun. And sometimes when things go wrong, that’s the best bit, surely?” Her co-presenter revealed the morning blunders were indeed his favourite part of hosting on the BBC for just over half a decade. On April 4 of this year, Dan confirmed his exit with a video in which he said: “In the next few weeks I will be leaving BBC Breakfast and moving to 5 News and to Channel 5. “I'm really excited but this has also been a massive decision for me because I love BBC Breakfast, I love working alongside Sally and I love the team there. “But Channel 5 came with big ambitions, with big plans and I don't think opportunities like this come around very often and I can't wait.” BBC has yet to announce his replacement, but currently leading the odds are Morning Live’s Gethin Jones, The One Show host Jermaine Jenas and reality show presenter AJ Odudu. BBC Breakfast airs weekdays from 6am on BBC One.