Mrs Hinch, also known as Sophie Hinchliffe, often shares cleaning tips and online tricks. Now, her fans also share advice on dedicated social media pages, including how to clean washing machine seals. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Naomi Bennett wrote: “Please help! How do I clean the rubber seal on my washing machine?” Trapped moisture in the washing machine often makes the seal a breeding ground for bacteria and mould. If mould develops, it can release a musty odour onto the clothing. Taking to the comments, Jackie Barrett wrote: “I use white vinegar.” READ MORE: When to plant out courgettes - exact time to move seeds outdoors Rumana Pervin commented: “Clean with baking soda and vinegar, it’s great.” Alison Christine said: “White vinegar gets completely rid of the gunk in the machine and seal, mould is gone!” White vinegar helps to kill household bacteria as well as dissolve hard water deposits. It also cuts through grime making it an effective cleaning product for multiple cleaning jobs around the home. DON'T MISS:Cornish chalet with no inside toilet on sale for £325,000 - pictures [INSIGHT]Lawn: ‘No Mow May’ more ‘damaging’ to wildlife long-term [EXPERT]Seedlings: Make a reflector using foil to grow ‘much sturdier’ plant [EXPLAINER] It can be picked up for as little as 29p in major supermarkets including Asda. Some Mrs Hinch fans recommended soaking the seal with a kitchen towel overnight. Perry Teasdale wrote: “Soak the vinegar in cotton wool or kitchen towel if the grime is really bad, it’ll cut through it.” Other group members suggested using a dedicated mould cleaning product. Nicky Woodman said: “I use Astonish Mould and Mildew remover. I would roll some old cloths or kitchen roll up and put it around the rubber seal. “Leave overnight and then scrub the next day.” Jodi Kirkham commented: “Mould and mildew spray all the way.” Astonish Mould and Mildew Remover blasts away tough stains and effectively removes mould and mildew within minutes. Available for just £1, there is no need to scrub when using the cleaning spray. It can be picked up in various supermarkets as well as stores like B&M. It is also recommended to leave the washing machine door open after use if possible. This helps the moisture escape and allows the machine to dry properly.