Waheed Butt, 49, "promised heaven but delivered hell" according to his devastated customers, many of whom were plundered of their life savings while some were effectively rendered homeless. Birmingham Crown Court heard Butt, a shameless "career fraudster", conned around a dozen victims, including the elderly, out of more than £150,000 worth of shoddy works. The court heard how the defendant targeted vulnerable people, typically on RatedPeople or MyBuilder websites, looking for home improvements such as new kitchens, windows and extensions. But the works were either never finished or carried out to a dangerous or substandard quality. Building surveyors condemned at least two of the projects calling for them to be dismantled and reconstructed because they were unsafe. Butt was jailed for six years at Birmingham Crown Court on Monday, and disqualified from being a company director for eight years. Sentencing him, Recorder Cieciora said: "You accept you caused loss to 13 complainants. You took advantage of vulnerability and abused trust placed in you. Most were left with debts and living environments which were simply awful. "Some lost entire savings, many homes were dangerous and others virtually unhabitable. All of the victims went significant periods of time when their homes were significantly below a standard for living." Butt's scheme came crashing down after reports were made to the council's trading standards, reports Birmingham Live.  The man was recalled to prison, having carried out the racket whilst on licence for dodgy car sales offences which earned him a prison sentence in 2016. Butt admitted a charge of fraudulent trading in relation to his latest crimes this week. Ben Mills, prosecuting, branded Butt a "criminal fraudster" due to his 100 previous convictions, the vast majority being for fraud, theft and "dishonesty" offences. The lawyer stated shortly after his release from prison in 2018 he started building company WB Infrastructure. Mr Mills said: "He had little if any practical experience in the building trade. It didn't take long for his instincts to take over. "Notwithstanding his lack of experience, he promised to provide a 'world-class service'. Instead, he provided a shambles infused with dishonesty. Most of the people he employed were people he met in prison or on probation. In interview, he described the lads he was working with as f***ing complete and utter b****ks; a lot of drug addicts or they had been in prison."   Butt, who now resides in Reading, Berkshire, initially operated the business as a sole trader but during 2019 "acted behind the veil of a corporation to give the false sheen of respectability". He even embroiled one of his sons by putting his name on banking documents and naming him as a bogus director due to people Googling his own name and finding out about his criminal past. There were 13 complainants, mainly customers who had been ripped off as well as a handful of businesses caught up in Butt's web of deceit. The court heard Butt had set aside £152,000 to compensate them although the victims claimed their total losses to be in excess of £200,000. Mr Mills said the defendant promised refunds but failed to pay them or made checks out to people from bank accounts which had already closed. He added: "He used private bank accounts of his son and wife to conceal the proceeds of his offending, putting those funds out of reach of potential creditors. He gave them access to business funds for personal expenditure, holidays, weddings, other things and gambling." The prosecutor summarised the impact on victims stating Butt left a retired couple "devastated" and "mentally scarred" after swindling them out of £35,000 only to abandon the project. He stated a teacher's home was unhabitable for nine months while a widow paid nearly £50,000 out of her life savings only to have her property "ruined front and back". One victim said: "I had many conversations and discussed the importance of my property. It has been my family home for 60 years. My parents invested their whole lives in it. Waheed appeared sympathetic. "Now to find out he had no intention to complete the work is horrifying. It's worse than stealing because I have been put in a position where I have had to continue to spend and borrow money to make the property livable. "He talked me into a dream home which in my current circumstances I will never have. It was a dream I never had before I met him."  Another victim, who claimed they had spent nearly £60,000 after initially enquiring about a loft on My Builder, added: "This man promised me heaven and delivered hell. He brought me to my knees." Mr Mills said: "His actions have extinguished life savings, ruined future benefit entitlements, rendered some people virtually homeless, left vulnerable people and families in serious distress and had a substantial lasting emotional impact on nearly all of the customer victims. "Imagine that's the house in which you live left in the state in which it was left and you have given all of your money to someone so you can't put it right. Homes were destroyed systematically in many of the cases." Andrew Walker, defending, argued Butt had not set up the business as a fraudulent enterprise from the outset and "had the rug pulled from beneath him" when he was recalled to prison in December 2019 at a time many of the building jobs were ongoing. He added some work had been carried out to a satisfactory standard during the period and some customers had even recommended him. Mr Walker told the court that since his release Butt had carried out various charity work, played an active role at a cricket club training young players and had gained employment. He said: "Mr Butt genuinely believed he would be able to carry out all of the work he took on. He simply took too much on. He is sorry for this and the difficulties which have been caused to the complainants in this case." The barrister added: "He says he has completely changed his life around since his release and he acknowledges at the same time his past is a horrible past which has included substantial periods of imprisonment."  