The cult Starz series is finally returning for season two next week, and the Covid pandemic has wreaked havoc on Chucalissa and its infamous strip club, The Pynk. After chatting with P-Valley main cast member Elarica Johnson, Express.co.uk has everything you need to know about the upcoming season, including the club’s fresh faces. British actor Elarica has teased what fans can expect from P-Valley newcomers Roulette (played by Gail Bean) and Whisper (Psalms Salazar). The new dancers will join the line-up of The Pynk after the club is hit hard by the effects of the Covid pandemic. When the club finally opens up after lockdown, Uncle Clifford (Nicco Annan) and new co-owner Hailey Colton/Autumn Night (Johnson) will need some new blood to entice the Chucalissa locals. “In the club, on the set… it’s so nice when new people join a space,” Elarica told Express.co.uk. READ MORE: Sally Dexter age: How old is Emmerdale's Faith Dingle star? “You get very used to this family environment and having new people, it’s almost like school. Like a new year of school and you have some new students. “It’s like, ‘Ooh, what’s your name? What do you do?’ And they come with their amazing talents.” Roulette and Whisper will join the cast at the start of season two after blowing away the competition during The Pynk’s auditions. Although veteran stripper Mercedes (Brandee Evans) isn’t completely sold on the new recruits, both the actors and stars immediately feel at home in the world of P-Valley. Elarica continued: “Their dancing is insane, the way that they’ve tackled their characters in this space is just fantastic. “And then, in The Pynk, new people… some people don’t like that, and it definitely comes across for sure.” Mercedes may not be happy with the club’s new post-pandemic look but, now Hailey is a majority owner, she’ll have final say on who gets to take to the pole. “But it’s what The Pynk needed,” she continued. “It needed a freshness.” DON'T MISS:This Is Us’ Mandy Moore pays tribute to co-star after finale [COMMENT]NCIS Hawaii’s Vanessa Lachey pens tribute to cast [INSIGHT]Outlander’s Sophie Skelton on Brianna scene ‘pulled’ from series [INTERVIEW] “[Autumn is] going to push forward and make sure The Pynk still runs efficiently. These are the girls who are going to do it, and they’re fantastic.” Although Mercedes tried to put her foot down on welcoming new members, actress Brandee was more than happy to work with some fresh talent on season two. “They are the most recent addition to the show,” she said. “[We’re] very happy to have them. “Brandee is happy to have them, but Mercedes is not! Once again, Mercedes is watching her dreams.” “She’s not as strong as she was and now here come these young girls which she kind of sees herself in, especially Roulette.” As the experienced dancer starts to get a little older over the next season, the debut of young dancers Roulette and Whisper will be the last thing she needs while she juggles her feud with mother Patrice (Harriett D. Foy) and her duties with the club. “She sees her younger self coming in feisty, making the money,” Brandee explained. “Mercedes wanted to retire in season one and now, even more so, she’s like, ‘What am I doing?’ So she’s trying to figure out how to reinvent herself and dream new dreams.” Nearly two years after the conclusion of season one, The Pynk’s new dancers are just the start of what will make P-Valley’s long-anticipated follow-up well worth the wait. P-Valley season 2 premieres Friday, June 3 on Starz in the USA and Starz Play in the UK.