During the latest episode of The Repair Shop, BBC host Jay Blades was back in the barn as the experts transformed and restored some of their guest's beloved items. However, expert Chris got visibly upset when he presented one guest with a prayer book, which once belonged to his grandparents. Gary Fisher explained the prayer book was very special to him, as his grandparents took it with them when they were captured and taken to a concentration camp. Discussing the history of the prayer book and his grandparents, Gary recalled: "They lived in Vienna. They had one son, my father, Harry, and when Hitler annexed the Austrian country, they started to persecute the Jewish people. "England at that time, agreed to take 10,000 children called the Kindertransport and my father in 1938 came across on his own and my grandparents were left they couldn't get out of the country." He continued: "In 1942 They were taken to the concentration camp in Czechoslovakia. "Theresienstadt was a concentration camp that was used to try and show the world that they weren't being treated as badly as they were. "And yet, a mile further down, they were being gassed. "He [Adolf Hitler] was trying to hide the fact that they were murdering and killing people and that's where a lot of my family went." "Unfortunately, my great grandparents, my grandfather's sister, one of them, a 10-year-old nephew, they all went to the gas chamber. My grandparents were lucky." The guest went on to explain because his grandparents were in another concentration camp, they were able to keep their prayer book with them. "I presume that obviously being able to practice their faith was a comfort to them," he told Jay and Chris. Pointing to the book, he added: "My grandfather wrote a poem, but when they were liberated, he asked people [survivors] that were liberated to sign the book, so there are about 50 signatures." Gary went on to describe the magical moment his father discovered that his parents were still alive. DON'T MISS...EastEnders theory: Stacey Slater finds happiness with Walford resident [THEORY]'My life changed' Vera's Brenda Blethyn opens up on marriage breakdown [INSIGHT]Coronation Street fans work out Phill's sinister link to Pat Phelan [REACTION] "I had the privilege of my grandparents for quite a few years," he emotionally said. "They were just the kindest people that you can ever think of." Turning his attention to the fragile book, he told Chris he hoped he would be able to restore it. "I'm really honoured," Chris told Gary. "We're really looking forward to [restoring] it." When it came to the big reveal, it was an emotional moment for both Gary and Chris, who explained: "It's the most important book, I'll ever repair." As Chris unveiled the prayer book in all its glory, Gary was left lost for words as he praised: "Unbelievable. "All the edges, the corners, I mean just they're just brilliant. It's a complete work of art where you can't see the tear anymore." As he struggled to hold back his tears, Gary said: "My grandparents, they were in a concentration camp, and they never knew when their time was going to be up, but they had their religion, they had their faith and that must have been a real comfort to them to never give up." Chris went on to present the guest with an extra slipcase he'd made so Gary could keep the prayer book safe and protected. "I wasn't expecting that," he sobbed. "It is brilliant." The Repair Shop airs on Wednesday at 8pm on BBC One.