  Sam Asghari, 28, has revealed he has set a wedding date with fiancé Britney Spears, 40, after her 13-year conservatorship arrangement finally came to an end in November last year. Britney and Sam are also mourning a recent miscarriage, after Britney revealed she was pregnant just last month.     Sam told fans he and Britney have set a date for their wedding, although they are keeping the ceremony very private. The couple had been making plans to welcome a baby into the world as well, but Britney sadly miscarried in the early stages of her pregnancy. The star announced she was pregnant via Instagram on April 11, before later telling fans that she had tragically lost the baby one month later on May 14. Britney and Sam are celebrating their commitments to one another after a 13-year conservatorship denied the pop star many basic freedoms. READ MORE: Ray Liotta dead: Goodfellas actor 'dies in his sleep' aged 67     Sam’s announcement of their upcoming nuptials also ends any speculation that the pair were already married. Britney has previously referred to Sam as her “husband” on a couple of Instagram posts, leaving fans debating whether the pair had already secretly tied the knot. However, Sam put these rumours to bed when he paid tribute to Britney on Mother’s Day in America. "Our lives [have] been a real life fairytale," he captioned a photo of the two kissing, as Britney put her engagement ring proudly on display.       “Happy Mother's Day to you my soon to be queen.” “The big day has been set!” he then proclaimed to his 2.4 million followers. He also confirmed, however, that “nobody will know” the wedding took place until the day after, in order to keep the ceremony a private affair. Sadly, soon after Sam shared the post, he informed their fans that his bride-to-be had miscarried early on in her pregnancy. READ MORE... Loose Women's Denise Welch dares to bare in snakeskin swimsuit [PICS] Andy Fletcher dead: Depeche Mode founding member dies aged 60 [LATEST] Only Fools and Horses David Jason in rare sighting at Clarkson's Farm [NEWS]      “It is with our deepest sadness we have to announce that we have lost our miracle baby early in the pregnancy,” he wrote on May 14. “This is a devastating time for any parent. Perhaps we should have waited to announce until we were further along. “However, we were overly excited to share the good news. Our love for each other is our strength. “We will continue trying to expand our beautiful family. We are grateful for all of your support.      “We kindly ask for privacy during this difficult moment.” Britney and Sam got engaged back in September 2021, shortly before the Baby One More Time singer’s strict conservatorship came to an end. Britney has previously outlined the “harm” that her 13-year conservatorship caused her, even claiming that marriage and pregnancy - the two things that she desperately wanted - had been denied during that period. In November of 2021, the pop singer was finally freed from the legal arrangement that controlled many aspects of her life.   