Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag will reportedly have £120million to spend on refreshing the squad this summer. That figure could be boosted, however, with Eric Bailly, Phil Jones, Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Anthony Martial all thought to be eyeing up an exit, and the proceeds would go straight back into the transfer kitty. Having moved from Ajax's well-oiled machine to the bright lights and big money of the Premier League, Ten Hag is expected to have significant cash to play with in this summer's transfer market. And he will need it after a disappointing campaign and an imminent exodus of first-team stars who have reached the end of their contracts. The Times claim that Ten Hag's magic figure currently stands at £120m. Although a fair chunk of money, it may not be enough to get fans' juices flowing given that Frenkie de Jong - supposedly the new boss' top target - would cost around half that amount. But Bailly, Jones, Wan-Bissaka and Martial could all be sold off to boost the Dutchman's transfer war chest, as long as buyers are forthcoming. JUST IN: Liverpool star Andy Robertson blasts 'horrendous' organisation in Champions League final And the last part is by no means a certainty given that all four of the quartet come with some form of baggage. Bailly and Jones have played barely any football over the past few seasons, so would not be the top choice of clubs on the hunt for centre-backs who are tried and tested against the top-flight's current crop of attackers. Wan-Bissaka has played plenty of football, but his stint at Old Trafford has served as a lengthy demonstration that he leaves plenty to be desired going forward. His pool of potential suitors would therefore be limited to clubs looking for someone defensive-minded, and United would have to brace for a hefty financial hit on the £50m they shelled out to sign him from Crystal Palace in 2019. DON'T MISSFour worst Liverpool players in Champions League defeat against MadridLiverpool demand probe into chaotic Champions League final scenesMadrid will be 'going bananas' as Ferdinand and Owen react to VAR call  And then there is Martial, who could have put himself in the shop window for a big move this summer if he had excelled on loan at Sevilla. But that was far from the case, making nine goalless La Liga appearances as the Spanish side turned their noses up at the prospect of a permanent move and sent him packing back to Old Trafford. As such, the Red Devils are unlikely to have wealthy clubs bursting their door down to sign any of the four players thought to be keen on new challenges. Ten Hag may therefore have to make his £120m stretch, and raiding the Eredivisie to unearth some of Dutch football's hidden gems could be a smart way to go about it. The Dutchman has supposedly championed the idea of signing Ajax youngster Jurrien Timber to bolster United's defensive options. But the club are thought to prefer a move for Pau Torres, who has a £51m release clause with Villarreal. Combine that with a swoop for De Jong, who is valued by Barcelona at a similar price, and the Red Devils would almost be out of cash. Shifting their out-of-favour players could therefore be just as important as nailing down preferred targets for Ten Hag during his early weeks at the helm.