The Tory MP faced a grilling about the Prime Minister's leadership from Susanna Reid and Richard Madeley on Monday's instalment of Good Morning Britain. They also probed the minister on whether the Government could bring back the Universal Credit Uplift to help during the cost-of-living crisis. But his responses sparked outrage among ITV viewers. Discussing the result of the Sue Gray report, Madeley asked Clarke: "Whatever the report contains tomorrow, do you feel Mr Johnson's position is now secure? "Do you feel the public wrath with was at first was incandescent has abated enough for him to carry on?" The minister said: "I have full confidence in the Prime Minister, I know him well, and I think he has shown extraordinary leadership at an extraordinary time." Viewers were quick to take to Twitter to vent their frustration over the MP's remarks, with Tony Draper fuming: "@SimonClarkeMP is an empty vessel with laughable excuses for the waster PM’s irresponsible and offensive behaviour. "A Treasury minister with no understanding of the big issues. Clearly yet another case of @BorisJohnson employing someone even less capable than himself #GMB." READ MORE: Ozark season 4 theory: Jonah actually shot Wendy as fans spot key clue Clarke replied: "We have gone through a series of crises which no Prime Minister has faced during peacetime." He explained how the Government has dealt with the issue of Brexit which he claimed Johnson could have handled alone. However, Reid was not having any of it and interjected: "Sorry, sorry. We have also got a Prime Minister who was fined because he broke the law at a time when he told everyone to stick to the law. "I mean how can you have full confidence in a Prime Minister who does that?"  Clarke replied: "I do have confidence because the Prime Minister has apologised and very sincerely regrets what happened. "It is important to contextualise that he had a slice of cake between meetings." Reid cut the MP off and fumed: "Everyone who has broken the law has a justification for why they broke the law, the fact remains he broke the law and these were laws which he [said] at press conferences." However, Clake told ITV viewers he accepted Johnson's "sincere" apology and reminded Reid and Madeley his mother died and he nearly died during the pandemic. DON'T MISS...Minister struggles to forgive police who Whatsapp'd her murdered kids [LATEST]Richard Madeley rips into Truss as he blasts 'stuck' government  [MUST SEE]Madeley recalls '1970s' inflation as staggering graph show peak [PICTURES] Viewers were quick to take to Twitter to vent their frustration over the MP's remarks, with Tony Draper fuming: "@SimonClarkeMP is an empty vessel with laughable excuses for the waster PM’s irresponsible and offensive behaviour. "A Treasury minister with no understanding of the big issues. Clearly yet another case of @BorisJohnson employing someone even less capable than himself #GMB." Hectors House remarked: "@SimonClarkeMP. So out of touch I am surprised if he is in the same solar system as the rest of us, #GMB just because you have put measures in place that does not mean they fit now, it is a fluid situation. May I suggest a media-savvy spokesperson instead?! (sic) Pedro raged: "Extraordinary leadership indeed, failed after six years to get a Brexit deal the benefits the people of this country, failed to manage a pandemic with one of the highest death rates in the world and the highest inflation in the G7. Really extraordinary leadership!"  Nathan praised Reid's interviewing skills, adding: "Excellent questioning by @susannareid100 this morning. I think many are grateful that we can rely on you to hold the Government to account. Thank you." However, other viewers sided with Clarke, with Joe Black saying: "For goodness sake let it go. Stop this hounding of the PM. It was a piece of cake. Stop making up stories. No one cares." Graham added: "Reid just loves the sound of her own voice, switched TV straight over when she started her interrupting and showing her hatred for Boris." Good Morning Britain continues on weekdays at 6am on ITV. 