Since visceral fat is not a new phenomenon and one well researched, scientists and nutritionists have discovered the optimum ways the fat can be lost. One of the more essential elements of weight loss involves, counter to thought, engaging in an act requiring no movement at all. Research suggests a lack of sleep can harm an individual’s ability to lose weight. An average of seven to nine hours is recommended for optimum weight loss. READ MORE: Type 2 diabetes: The 52p spice shown to lower blood sugar by 35% A recent study was conducted by the University of Copenhagen into the phenomenon. Their results suggested higher quality sleep over a longer period can help keep added weight at bay after it has been lost. Professor Signe Toreko of the University said: “The fact that sleep health was so strongly related to weight loss maintenance is important since many of us don’t get the recommended amount of sleep needed for optimal health and functioning.” Professor Toreko’s study tracked 195 obese adults between the ages of 18 and 65 as they underwent an eight-week low-calorie diet; their sleep duration was measured as part of the study and monitored for a year after the diet ended.  Meanwhile, subsequent research has identified the best time to exercise. A US study has found exercising in the morning is the best time to exercise to lose fat while the evening is the best time to undergo exercise with the purpose of building muscle. Furthermore, the study also revealed women burned more body fat during morning exercise, while men burned more fat during evening exercise. Scientists said the exact reasons for the differences were unclear. Lead study author Dr Paul Arcerio said: “The best time for exercise is the best time you can do it and fit it into your schedule.” Although the programme mainly tracked fit and healthy individuals, the study authors also said it could benefit those who were overweight. As well as identifying gender differences in when visceral fat is most effectively burned, a study from the University of Glasgow of 385,000 people linked obesity with six different forms of cancer. In both studies participants were found to observe an improvement in their health.