The couple relocated to Meghan’s home state of California in March 2020, after stepping back from senior royal duties. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have hardly returned to the UK from their new home since their departure from Royal Family life two years ago. But American royal commentator, Kinsey Schofield, has called Meghan and Harry’s position one of “limbo”, caught between associations with the Firm and a more celebrity culture. Speaking on the To Di For Daily podcast, Ms Schofield said: “They are in this really weird place of being royalty and celebrity… but not enough of either one. “Really, it’s kind of strange. They’re in this limbo.” Podcast guest Dax Holt, then fired back: “I would say that, that’s probably people over in the UK saying that. “Because here in America, Prince Harry and Meghan are still royalty to us.” He added: “We don’t care what they think over in the UK. “You guys can be mad at them, you can be upset that they left, you can side with whatever you want.” “Sorry, they’re royalty here in America.” READ MORE: Kate’s favourite takeaway laid bare but William ‘wouldn't eat it' Also speaking on the podcast episode, journalist Adam Glyn quipped: “It’s no matter what they do, even though they left the royalty, they are still royalty. “They will always be treated as royalty.” The Duke and Duchess of Sussex will return to the UK next week for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations. A spokesperson for the couple confirmed that they were “excited and honoured” to make the trip back to London, adding that they will bring their two children, Archie and Lilibet. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan braced for ex-husband to expose story [LIVE] Royal POLL: Should Meghan Markle visit her father in hospital? [POLL]Queen faced with three major 'challenges' on eve of Platinum Jubilee [INSIGHT] However, Buckingham Palace previously said that only “members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties” will appear on the balcony for the Trooping the Colour parade on June 2. A spokesperson said the Queen, 96, made the decision after “careful consideration”. Trooping the Colour, marking the Queen’s official birthday, typically features the majority of the Royal Family standing on a Palace balcony together. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex, who are no longer working royals nor have access to their HRH titles, will not be among this number. However, they do retain the use of the Sussex title, which leads to confusion for many Americans, Professor Cele Otnes has previously told Express.co.uk. Marketing and royal branding expert, Professor Otnes, said the Duke and Duchess of Sussex titles mean very little to a US audience because America does not “have the sort of reverence of these titles”. Professor Otnes, co-author of the book ‘Royal Fever’, said: “Americans don't care about these titles because they're not in our social structure.”