Dr Michael Mosley lost 1.4st and even reversed his diabetes by changing his diet and upping his exercise. In his TV programme, Lose a stone in 21 days, he helped others get their slim bodies back. Dr Michael began: "Your waist should measure no more than half your height. "Too much belly fat leads to increased risk of certain cancers, heart disease and Type 2 diabetes." Dr Michael suggested that if people do not take steps to combat this, "it can take years off your life." The expert provided his top tips on losing belly fat fast. READ MORE: Woman who was 'eating herself to death' shed 20st - here's how  One key component of a rapid weight loss journey is a low-calorie, high-protein, low-sugar diet. On the Fast 800 website, Dr Michael and his team compiled a list of foods that dieters can eat to lose weight fast, before moving onto a Mediterranean diet, which he described as a "way of life". On the website, it recommended that dieters start their day off with eggs, as they are low calorie - around 63 calories in a medium sized egg. Slimmers should ramp up their protein intake, consuming foods such as oily fish, prawns, chicken and turkey. For meat-free eaters, beans - particularly edamame - dairy, nuts and seeds can provide adequate protein. Dieters should also stock up on healthy vegetables, the more colourful and varied the better. And Dr Michael far from bans dieters from eating fats. Nuts have a high fat content but are also rich in proteins, minerals and vitamins. Full-fat yoghurt is also recommended, and can be enjoyed with a handful of berries. However, in order to lose up to a stone in three weeks, some foods must be limited or cut out all together. Dr Michael suggested banning super sweet fruits such as mango, pineapple and melon, opting for berries instead. And when craving treats such as ice cream, chocolate or cake, the expert recommended that dieters indulge in a square of dark chocolate instead. Snacks on the whole should be avoided, but if a slimmer must eat between meals, they should go for things like nuts, seeds, a sliver of cheese or non-starchy vegetables. On Lose a stone in 21 days, some of Dr Michael's case studies lost weight by trying low-carb versions of their favourite foods - including takeaways. While the steps are there to follow, rapid weight loss is not always easy. One of Dr Michael's most important top tips is to stay accountable. "All the weight loss studies show that the people who keep it off are accountable to someone or something."