The Russian leader is said to be reviewing what "forced labour" means for prisoners now that the technology sector is suffering a serious shortage of workers. Western sanctions and the consequences of the war in Ukraine have meant foreign companies and skilled IT personnel have left the pariah state in droves. As many as 200,000 IT workers are said to have left Russia since the day of the invasion, February 24, as they flee the deteriorating economic conditions in the country. Now, the Russian Government are considering prisoners as potential replacements. The country's media reported that the Russian Federal Penitentiary Service had announced plans to recruit IT specialists from Russian prisons to work remotely for domestic commercial companies.  According to Alexander Khabarov, deputy head of Russia’s penitentiary service, the idea was proposed by a number of businessmen in Russia eager to find the staff they had lost due to the country's brain drain. Russian media CNews announced that there were almost 95,000 vacancies in its IT industry at the end of March after workers moved abroad. Similarly, the Russian Association for Electronic Communications (RAEC) estimated that up to 100,000 are leaving for new overseas positions in destinations including the US, Germany, Georgia, Cyprus, and Canada. Russia has a large prison population of around 874,161, which is about 615 inmates for every 100,000 citizens, but it is not known how many of the prisons possess IT capabilities. READ MORE: Putin may have cancer says reports The forced labour scheme would also has benefits for employers of IT companies as incarcerated employees are only expected to earn around $281 (£226) per month. Sergei Boyarsky, deputy chairman of the Russian Duma’s Committee on Information Policy, said the idea was worth pursuing if Russia's prisons do hold a significant number of incarcerated IT specialists. He said: “I know that we have a need in general for IT specialists, this is a growing market". Boyarsky, who was among the Russian leaders sanctioned by the United States in March, said: “Since they still work there, it would probably be right to give people with a profession that allows them to work remotely not to lose their qualifications". DON'T MISS:Wagner mercenary chief brands West 'pathetic endangered perverts' [COMMENT]Interest Rates 'will continue to go up' with Brits to brace 3.5% hike [INSIGHT]Putin to ‘use nuclear weapons’ if Russia is ‘on brink of total defeat [ANALYSIS] Boyarsky is head of the St. Petersburg branch of United Russia, a strongly pro-Putin political party that holds more than 70 percent of the seats in the Russian State Duma. The deputy chairman said: “At a minimum, this proposal is worth attention and discussion if there are a lot of such specialists.” Russian news outlet RBC reported that companies started using prison labour in 2017 and has 117 correctional centres for such labour across 76 Russian regions. Convicted offenders are confined to special facilities known as correctional centres and they are not allowed to quit or leave the facility when not at work, according to Russian media. Russia is among the countries with the highest number of prisoners, with the BBC reporting that around half the world's prison population is housed in the US, China and Russia.