Enver Gjokaj plays Captain Joe Milius, someone who Agent Jane Tennant (played by Vanessa Lachey) found a romantic spark with in the early days of season one. However, their love story came to an abrupt end when Milius was transferred to the Pentagon for work back in episode eight of the police procedural. Fans were thrilled to see him return though in the penultimate episode for an investigation that saw himself and Jane once again grow closer. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS Hawaii.When a Navy corporal was stabbed to death under suspicious circumstances, it didn't take too long before Jane and the rest of the team got involved. It turns out that rather than a crime of passion, the stabbing was a planned hit on the corporal as he found out about a clandestine prisoner exchange with the Russian government. The person in charge of this exchange was Milius so Jane and himself had to work together to crack the case. While it isn't clear if the couple will be getting back together, fans are hoping this won't be the end of their flirtationship. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Debbie Webster reports Abi in revenge twist Yes, the actor behind Captain Joe Milius, Enver Gjokaj, has a twin brother called Demir. He also has an older brother called Bekim who has firmly remained out of the spotlight. While details about the NCIS Hawaii star's twin are mostly unknown, it is believed that he is a businessman. As well as this, he has previously dabbled in the world of entertainment, having acted alongside his brother. Prior to joining the NCIS franchise, Enver had been in shows such as Agents of SHIELD, The Rookie, Emergence, Hollywood Hitmen, Agent Carter and Extant. One of the series he is best known for is Fox's Dollhouse which came out back in 2009. The sci-fi show revolved around an organisation that used people as "dolls", giving them whatever personality traits were needed to perform different types of services for their clients. Enver portrayed a doll called Victor who was brought to life as the doll which he was based on was an Afghanistan war veteran who had post-traumatic stress disorder. Going by Demir's IMDb page, he starred opposite his brother in this episode as Victor #2. DON'T MISS...Lord of the Rings series: Amazon boss drops update on Rings of Power [UPDATE]NCIS LA's Katya star inundated with tributes as she leaves role [TRIBUTE]NCIS season 19 theory: Parker arrested as finale promo teases twist [THEORY] This was Demir's only acting role but did make another brief TV appearance a few years later. In 2013, he featured in the reality show The Legend of Shelby the Swamp Man where the deep waters of southern Louisiana were explored in search of mysterious creatures. Given how this was nine years ago, it seems unlikely Demir has any intentions of returning to the acting profession. His brother Enver on the other hand is set to feature in the grand finale of NCIS Hawaii. NCIS Hawaii season one is almost over, with just the last episode to air on CBS. The description for the episode entitled Ohana reads: "Captain Milius continues to work with Tennant and her team in the aftermath of the prisoner exchange between US and eastern Europe. "Also, Whistler takes Ernie's advice and makes a grand gesture in the hope of winning back Lucy. First season finale." NCIS Hawaii season 1 concludes on Monday, May 23, on CBS. A UK release date hasn't yet been announced.