The start to the Monaco Grand Prix was suspended as rain crashed down on the track and team staff rushed to change tyres on the cars. There was mass confusion on the grid, with world champion Max Verstappen questioning the reason for the delay. Many of the key figures felt that the race could have started before a severe downpour delayed the start. “What are we waiting for?” Red Bull ace Verstappen quizzed over his team radio. It was then explained that there would be a mandated start behind a safety car on full wet tyres as rain showered down on the Monte Carlo track right on the start time. Sky Sports expert Ted Kravitz provided live updates of the situation and described it as "complete confusion, pandemonium in the pit lane, people are getting knocked over." He added: "I just don't get it, what is going on with these calls from race control at the start of this race." Mechanics raced to fit full wet tyres onto the cars before a formation lap was prompted behind the safety car around 20 minutes later than the scheduled 2pm start. Race control had been ‘monitoring’ a downpour that had been approaching the circuit in the build-up to the race, and therefore suspended the start time. JUST IN: Monaco Grand Prix delayed: What happens if rain continues to fall The FIA clarified their decision with a statement which reads: "Race control was monitoring a severe downpour that was rapidly approaching the circuit, and as it arrived during the start procedure, the safety car start and its associated procedures were implemented. This was done for safety reasons in consideration that there has been no wet running this weekend." Drivers followed the safety car around the circuit for a lap before the red flags were waved as the rain grew heavier, leading vehicles into the pit lane. Some teams opted to put their cars under large tents in an attempt to keep them dry. DON'T MISS...Martin Brundle gets sassy with Bridgerton star Simone Ashley's teamPrincess Charlene steps out in blue jumpsuit for Monaco Grand PrixLewis Hamilton and George Russell 'both complaining' ahead of Monaco  Red Bull team principal Christian Horner complained about the FIA’s decision not to start the race on time. "It is the right thing to have stopped it now, I am not sure why it didn't get going," he told Sky Sports. "But now, obviously, it is too wet to be having a race out there. We were neutral to it, we definitely needed something [to have a chance of winning], whether it be a safety car or something like that, we needed a bit of an unknown. If we were starting on pole position we would be a lot less happy with the weather than starting on the second row because it creates a lot of opportunities. "As we are in Monaco it is a bit of a lottery now. If it was like now I think a standing start would just be dangerous. We are expecting rain for the next 10 minutes then it starts to get better, so if it does get a little better a standing start would be preferable."