On the ITV Money Show earlier he said energy bills are going to increase even more over the next 12 months. However, he explained how some Britons may be able to bring the cost of their energy bills down. Financial journalist Martin Lewis fronted a one hour Money Show special earlier to answer people’s money questions. During the show, Roger called in to ask his advice after his energy company put his direct debit up three and a half times from £46 to £160. People’s bills might increase by two times because they are coming off a cheap fixed deal. Martin said it’s not unusual for someone’s bill to increase by up to two and a half times, but three and a half times seemed extreme. READ MORE: Friends find a hoard of Roman silver worth £100,000 He advised the caller to give his energy supplier a call and ask them to explain why it has increased three and a half times. Earlier in the show, the financial guru was asked by another viewer if he should switch energy suppliers. Mr Lewis said there are currently no deals available lower than the price cap. He suggested Britons ask their existing energy provider for a fixed energy deal if it works out at no more than 30 percent above the current price cap. Martin said: “If you can find a deal around 30 percent more than the current price cap then it’s probably worth doing. “The cheapest open market fix at the moment - forget it - it’s 42 percent.” The energy price cap increased by more than half (54) percent in April, meaning someone with typical energy usage will now pay £1,971 a year. The energy price cap is expected to rise again, by £830 to £2,800 in October, according to Ofgem. As well as heeding Martin’s advice, people who have never applied for a tax refund from HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) could check to see if they are owed up to £3,374 which would cover their energy bills for the year. The average one-year tax refund for both employed and self-employed Britons is £929, according to research by RIFT Tax Refunds. People who have never applied for a refund can backdate a claim for four years, resulting in a possible refund of £3,374. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea At the same time Britons can also see if they are owed a tax rebate if they worked from home for just one day during 2020 to 2021. Anyone who wants to make a claim should go to Gov.uk. Applicants should have their Government Gateway user ID and password to hand before getting started. If they don’t have one already it’s easy to set one up, just follow the instructions.