Jack Wilshere has revealed he harbours hopes of becoming England manager one day after opening up on his aspirations of embarking on a coaching career when he retires. The former Arsenal star, who spent the second half of this season with Danish side AGF Aarhus, admitted management could be the avenue to finally fulfilling his footballing potential having failed to live up to the hype as a player.  Though Wilshere openly expressed his desire to manage the Three Lions, or his beloved Arsenal, one day, the 30-year-old acknowledged that opportunities such as those don't "just happen" as he outlined his intentions to climb the managerial ladder to the top of the game. Speaking to The Telegraph, Wilshere, who earned 34 caps for his country between 2010 and 2016, said: “I would love to sit here and say I want to be England manager, I want to be Arsenal manager. “But I am not stupid enough to think that just happens. You have to go and start somewhere, build yourself up.” The midfielder was tipped to become one of the nation's greatest ever players having being handed his Premier League debut by Arsenal at the tender age of 16. However, despite showing glimpses of his extraordinary ability, he ultimately failed to fulfil his potential during a decade-long stay with Arsenal. READ MORE: Arsenal face battle to sign new 'Philipp Lahm' with West Ham and Newcastle keen  Underwhelming spells with West Ham and Bournemouth then followed as injuries continued to blight Wilshere's career. Having been without a club after departing the Cherries in the summer of 2021, the midfielder then opted to continue his footballing journey over in Denmark. And it was in Scandinavia where Wilshere's desire to move into coaching would further flourish. He confessed: “In Denmark I spent a lot of time on my own. You start thinking about things. "I didn’t ever reach my full potential as a player and everyone knows that. I just feel like there is something still in me that wants to get to a high level, and that probably won’t ever be as a player again. So if I can do that as a coach, why not? DON'T MISSArsenal could repeat Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil signings for next season[OPINION]Liverpool told to hijack Man Utd summer signing for Sadio Mane replacement[QUOTES]Neil Warnock issues 'non-league' response to Djed Spence after star's cheeky promotion dig [SOCIAL]  “I don’t think I will ever accept it until I have reached [those levels] as a coach. It is a difficult thing to accept, and that is why I still have a big burning desire in me to be successful in the game.” Wilshere, who is in the process of obtaining his coaching badges, embraced the opportunity to aid the development of Arsenal's under-18s and under-23s when he was back training with his former club in the early part of the season just gone. Though the midfielder admired playing under Arsene Wenger, he also admitted current Gunners boss was the one who inspired him to be coach, alongside the club's young players. It remains to seen what the immediate future holds, though Wilshere is understood to be open to continuing with AGF Aarhus. With regards to long-term ambitions, coaching certainly appears to be on the card. Wilshere's story with the Three Lions may not be finished after all.  