In the aftermath of the tragic death of Foo Fighters drummer Taylor Hawkins, Queen legend Brian May spoke on the bond he had with his "brother". Taylor had died in Bogota, Columbia, in March while on tour with his group, aged just 50 - and Brian, who had been one of the last of his friends to speak to him, revealed that he will be sorely missed. Brian's second solo album, Another World, will be re-released imminently for the first time since 1998 and it contains a track with Taylor as the drummer. This prompted him to address the history of their friendship and how he felt about the loss. "God, I wish I could have been there to help him through that, whatever it was," Brian exclaimed of his demise. "[When] Taylor stepped in to do a track, [he] gave me a wonderful injection of energy, friendship, joy and light - and [now] he's gone... which is awful," he lamented. READ NOW: Lorraine Kelly pays tribute to Deborah James after final post Brian confirmed that the collaboration had been one of the first album sessions Taylor had ever done. "He'd only just joined the Foo Fighters, he was just a boy really and he was the biggest Queen fan in the world, which took me by surprise," he recalled fondly. He added that Taylor's endorsement of the group had introduced them to an even wider audience and made them "very cool to a lot of people". "He was an encyclopedia about Queen, absolutely incredible, he knew everything we'd ever done," Brian added in amazement. "He became like a brother. He was family to us, was Taylor. Bless him - he will be very, very sadly missed," he added. Brian had been talking on BBC Sounds' The Rock Show with Johnnie Walker. Meanwhile, on another radio interview, for Sirius XM, the emotional star admitted that he had spoken to Taylor just a week before he died. The topics of conversation had been "joys, frustrations and being in Foo Fighters". DON'T MISS... BBC's Deborah James bids farewell as she moves to hospice at home care [UPDATE] Britney Spears urged to 'take it down a notch' after another naked pic [PHOTOS] Dennis Waterman spent last years ‘doing f*** all’ in Spain [INSIGHT]  Meanwhile, during Taylor's last ever show, he had done something that the avid Queen fan had already done numerous times before and covered one of their songs. The drummer took the spotlight as a singer on this occasion for a rendition of 'Somebody to Love' while at Lollapalooza Argentina. Singer Dave Grohl, who had previously been a percussionist for Nirvana, retreated behind the drums. Brian has described Taylor and the band as "the best publicist for Queen ever". "He knew more about us than we did," Brian joked. "He’s been so good for our image... he kind of regarded us as cool, which at the time a lot of people didn’t. "Taylor wasn’t even my generation. I think of him as a boy – same as I saw George Michael as a boy – to lose them feels all wrong. It makes you feel so frustrated." Poignantly, in a previous NME interview, Taylor had said the song that had inspired him to take up drums the most was Queen track 'Keep Yourself Alive'.