Russian State Duma deputy Oleg Morozov has openly talked up the idea of Russia kidnapping western officials when they travel to meet with Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky. Western support for Ukraine is clearly a thorn in the side of Moscow with Morozov launching into a fiery on-air rant on why western officials intent on going to Kyiv needed to fear "waking up somewhere in Moscow." Morozov told Russian state-owned channel Russia1: "I have come up with a fairy tale scenario that at some point in the near future some military official of a NATO country will travel to meet with Zelensky on a train to Kyiv and never get there. "But will instead wake up somewhere in Moscow." "We will do the kidnapping?" "Yes and then we will figure out what orders he has given, what he's responsible for. "By the way, I don't think it is so far-fetched. "We got used to the world functioning in a certain way,  but after February 24 it works differently. "There are new rules in this world. "Any military official that wants to go to Kyiv tomorrow should think whether he will wake up in Moscow." It comes as a Moscow-backed separatist leader was reported by state-run TASS news agency on Tuesday as saying that Russian forces had not advanced as rapidly as they had hoped in the battle for Severodonetsk, the easternmost city still in Ukraine's hands. As the Russian offensive continued across Ukraine's eastern Donbas region, the European Union agreed to ban most imports of Russian oil, a move intended to blow a hole in the Kremlin's war finances. In the bloc's toughest sanction on Moscow since the invasion of Ukraine three months ago, European Council President Charles Michel said the ban agreed at an EU summit in Brussels on Monday would immediately cover more than two-thirds of oil imports from Russia and cut a "huge source of financing for its war machine." EU leaders said they had agreed to cut 90 percent of oil imports from Russia by the end of this year, with exemptions for Hungary - a landlocked country that relies heavily on crude piped from Russia - and others concerned about the ban's economic impact. DON'T MISS: Putin’s terrifying ‘superweapon’ can be placed ‘in range' of UK [REPORT]How to protect yourself after the deployment of biological weapons Hea [EXPLAINER]‘Own goal’ Too dangerous for Putin to launch a cyberattack [REPORT] They also agreed to cut off the largest Russian bank, Sberbank, from the SWIFT system and to ban three more Russian state-owned broadcasters, Michel added. The announcement came as Russian forces pushed into key objectives in the Donbas, where President Zelensky said the situation remained "extremely difficult". Russia has been seeking to seize the entire Donbas, consisting of Luhansk and Donetsk which Moscow claims on behalf of separatist proxies. Capturing the twin cities of Severodonetsk and Lysychansk on the banks of the Siverskyi Donets river would give Moscow effective control of Luhansk and allow the Kremlin to declare some form of victory after more than three months of war.