Learning how to clean a washing machine is essential for keeping smells, mould, and grime at bay. Despite the appliance being a cleaning machine, it does also need to be cleaned itself. A cleaning expert from household cleaning and laundry product company Dri Pak has shared how to clean and remove unpleasant odours from washing machines. Almost one in five Britons never clean their washing machine, putting them at risk of bacteria such as E. coli and Staphylococcus aureus, a recent survey by Glotech repairs has found. The expert said: “The problem is compounded by liquid detergents and low temperature washes. “Of course, low temperature washes are better for the environment as they use less energy. “But more people are realising that it pays to care for your washing machine and there is now a big growth in dedicated 'washing machine cleaners’.” READ MORE: Cleaning: How to stop washing machines ‘getting grimy’ The cleaning pros warned that there are many posts on the internet about using “bicarbonate of soda and white vinegar”, but this “isn’t the best way”. Instead the expert said: “There are two particular tasks required to keep your washing machine in good health.” The first being cleaning the washing machine at a high enough temperature to ensure the appliance is “effectively” being cleaned. The cleaning pro said: “Low temperature washes and liquid detergents in particular aren't always effective at removing build up. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to remove limescale from toilets - ‘cheap trick’ [TIPS]Garden pests: ‘Most effective way’ to ‘humanely’ get rid of pigeons [INSIGHT]Cleaning: ‘Great way’ to banish flies from homes - works ‘instantly’ [EXPERT] “This encourages the growth of bacteria, with the resultant odour.” The second task to keep washing machines in “good health” is to remove limescale. The expert explained: “Mineral deposits can build up on internal components, particularly the heating element. “Limescale reduces the efficiency of your machine and may reduce its service life.” To clean washing machines, homeowners are advised to use soda crystals in “every wash”. Soda crystals are known for their ability to cut through grease, stains and dirt in laundry. They can also be used to give the washing machine itself a good clean. Soda crystals can be picked up for as little as 80p from Sainsbury’s. The cleaning experts instructed: “Use the soft water dose of your regular detergent and make up the difference in soda crystals. “You can even use liquid soda (formerly liquid soap flakes) instead of your usual powder or liquid detergent. “Particularly useful if you have a baby or people with sensitive skin in your family. “Liquid soap is also recommended for cleaning delicate and waterproof clothing.” Use the following amounts of soda crystals, depending on your water hardness: