Novak Djokovic’s champion mentality has been highlighted by Mischa Zverev ahead of the French Open. The world No 1 started his clay season with an opening-round loss to then-world No 46 Alejandro Davidovich Fokina in Monte Carlo and now goes into Paris as one of the favourites for the title after winning the Italian Open. And the former world No 25 shared Djokovic’s unique response to his disappointing loss that set him up for success in the rest of the clay swing, as he stayed on site to practice in the days after his exit. The Monte Carlo Masters was just the second tournament of the year for Djokovic, who was unable to play the Australian Open, Indian Wells and Miami as a result of his unvaccinated status. And it was a disappointing start for the two-time former champion, who lost to Davidovich Fokina 6-3 6-7(5) 6-1 in two hours and 54 minutes. But the Serb was able to gain momentum, reaching the final in Belgrade and the semis of the Madrid Open before winning his first tournament of the season in Rome, making him one of the favourites to successfully defend his French Open title over the next two weeks. Ahead of Djokovic’s first Major tournament of the year, Zverev has shared the unique move the world No 1 made after his disappointing loss by staying and practising at the tournament. "In Monte Carlo he really didn't play well and lost early. Before the tournament he had practised with Sascha [Alexander Zverev, his brother and world No 3], he really looked slower than usual. His strokes were also not so well placed. Normally you don't see the top players on the venue when they have lost,” he explained to Eurosport. JUST IN: Nadal retirement fears raised for French Open with injury 'different'  “But he was on the grounds one or two days later - on the last court at the back - practising there and you could see, okay, he is hungry, he really wants to improve his game. He doesn't care if there are other spectators, if the quarter-finals or semi-finals are on. He is not part of it. It didn't matter to him at all. He had one goal in mind, he had to improve.” Djokovic’s coach, Goran Ivanisevic, also later shared that the 20-time Major champion had been suffering with an illness during the Monte Carlo Masters, which he suggested contributed to his loss. And after winning his sixth title in Rome over the weekend, the world No 1 admitted that upon reflection, it did appear as though the illness was his only setback. DON'T MISSWhat Federer has said about injury woes with Wimbledon return onFederer on course for comeback as surprise Wimbledon decision teasedNadal French Open hopes assessed after 'worrying' foot injury comments  “I think physically I really felt really good from Madrid onwards. Already there I felt like the physical issues that I was facing in Monte-Carlo and Serbia are behind me. I put in a lot of fitness hours between Serbia and Madrid. I had a week of training,” he told reporters after lifting the trophy. “I knew that it wasn't something related to my fitness, it was more related to the health issue, the illness I had just before the Monte-Carlo tournament. It turned out to be correct. I didn't have any fitness issues. It was just those traces of the illness that I had.” And he fired a warning to his rivals at the French Open, as he added: “Right now I feel perfect.” 