CBS decided to cancel the FBI finale, titled Prodigal Son, which has a storyline focused on authorities trying to prevent a mass shooting. The move to pull the finale on Tuesday came in the wake of 19 children and two teachers being killed by a gunman at a primary school in Uvalde. Many FBI viewers have praised the network's "considerate" decision.  A synopsis for the finale, which was written by Rick Eid, read: "As the team investigates a deadly robbery that garnered a cache of automatic weapons for the killers, they discover one of the perps is a classmate of Jubal’s son, who is reluctant to cooperate with the case." The decision was made to take the finale off air as it involved a fictional school shooting. The episode was replaced by a repeat of a previous instalment of FBI, which originally aired in February. However, the finale of season four is set to be rescheduled for a later date.  READ MORE: The Last Kingdom's Eliza Butterworth on co-star Alexander Dreymon   The latest series centres on FBI agents who are based in New York and operate on a national basis. The mass shooting in Texas happened on Tuesday at Robb Elementary School, which is 80 miles west of San Antonio. The children killed in the horrific attack were aged between seven and 10 years old. Teachers Irma Garcia and Eva Mireles were also killed in the massacre, according to reports in US publications.   Many FBI fans took to social media after realising why the finale was pulled by CBS bosses. @FBI_zibell commented: "The season 4 finale of #FBICBS will not air tonight. Please keep everyone affected in your thoughts. Real-life events always take priority over television." Caitlin Schaffter added: "It was the best decision in the light of what happened in Texas right now." @FBI_fan said: "Don't be insensitive about the situation. You can wait a while for the finale for the sake of the lives lost today and the people affected. Thank you @FBICBS for being considerate." DON'T MISS...FBI season 4 delay: CBS crime drama set for lengthy hiatus  [INSIGHT]FBI exit bombshell as Missy Peregrym confirms break from CBS drama [LATEST]Law and Order’s Dylan McDermott set for OC exit as he lands new role [EXPLAINER] Elyse added: "@cbs I think withholding the #fbicbs season finale was the right thing to do." @Poetic_KT remarked: "I appreciate CBS for pulling the finale of #FBICBS with the subject matter it would have been in poor taste to air it." @TVJunki3 said: "Now I understand why @FBICBS pulled the season finale. "Due to the tragic school shooting today in Texas out of respect they pulled it because the finale was going to be at a school. I applaud you @CBS."   The fast-paced drama stars Zeeko Zaki, Missy Peregrym, Katherine Renee Turner and Alana De La Garza. It was announced earlier this month the show has been renewed for seasons five and six. The series first landed on screens in 2018 and was created by the team behind Law & Order. Episodes of FBI are available to watch on Apple TV and CBS.  