The New Tricks star, best known for his landmark TV roles in Minder and The Sweeney, died at his home in Spain, his family said. A statement released by the star's family said: "We are deeply saddened to announce that our beloved Dennis, passed away very peacefully at home." They added that the star died on Sunday afternoon with wife Pam at his side. "The family kindly ask that our privacy is respected at this very difficult time," they ended the statement. READ MORE: Amanda Holden, 51, puts on sizzling display in tiny red bikini The star's acting career spanned six decades after starting with childhood roles in film and theatre. As an adult, Waterman went on to land parts on TV, film and in the West End. He was known for the range of roles he played, which included everything from horror to comedy and drama to sports. Waterman appeared in 29 films throughout his lifetime.  He was born the youngest of nine children in Clapham, London and attended Corona Stage School as a child. His first acting role was in Night Train for Inverness in 1960 and he went on to star in two small stage roles for the Royal Shakespeare Company that same year. He rose to fame after starring as DS George Carter in The Sweeney in the 1970s and went on to star as Terry McCann in Minder. The star also sang the theme song I Could Be So Good for you, which was a top three hit in the 1980s. DON'T MISS... Cristiano Ronaldo announces daughter's name amid devastating loss [INSIGHT]Jodie Comer risks wardrobe malfunction in daring gown at BAFTAs [ANALYSIS]Lorraine Kelly, 62, wows at BAFTAs despite previous red carpet fears [UPDATES]  Waterman was a regular cast member in every season of New Tricks which ran from 2003 to 2014. However, after expressing that he wanted to leave the show in its final season, he only appeared in the first two episodes. His last role was in the Australian drama-comedy film, Never Too Late in 2020. The star was also caricatured by David Walliams and Matt Lucas' hit TV series Little Britain. Following the star's death, many of his fans took to social media to pay their respects. Twitter user @severusd wrote: "Sad news about Dennis Waterman. Amongst many other achievements, he was great in Scars of Dracula." @LYohai added: "RIP Dennis Waterman forever Terry," while sharing a snap of the star in Minder. While @seatzie penned: "RIP Dennis Waterman…..such a mainstay of my childhood tv watching."