Lloyds Bank is cautioning its customers on the dangers of social media platforms, with Instagram in particular being cited as the new “battleground” for fraud. The woman named Michelle, a customer of Lloyds, was targeted in an impersonation scam by someone on Instagram who pretended they worked at their local church. Michelle said: “The message said that the church was trying to set up a charity abroad and needed some money to help with the set up.” Believing the message was genuine, she transferred money to the current account of someone she was told was the representative of the charity in the UK. Overall, Michelle made three payments over a period of time, which came to a total of £500. After spending all this money, the church was notified that the scam was taking place in its name and took action. According to Lloyds, reports of impersonation fraud on Instagram rose by 155 percent in the 12 months to March 2022. READ MORE: Woman, 88, in tears after losing £36,000 savings - after 'scrimping' for 50 years Impersonation scams are when a fraudster will pretend to be a close relative, friend or authority figure who is using a different phone, as theirs has been lost or damaged. They often try to convince the person they are targeting to part with their private information or money. Liz Ziegler, the Fraud Prevention Director at Lloyds Bank, emphasised the importance of social media while also citing how it leaves people vulnerable to fraudsters. Ms Ziegler explained: “Social media is now intimately woven into our lives – it’s how we stay in touch with people, see what’s in the news, treat ourselves to something new and keep up with influencers.  “Sophisticated organised criminal gangs know this, and are ready to adapt their deceptive methods instantly, lurking around every virtual corner to try and part you from your hard earned cash." Specifically, Ms Ziegler noted how scams prey on peoples’ best nature and interests to convince them to part with their cash. She added: “These nasty impersonation scams target people’s natural desire to help family and friends as, instead of impersonating the police or the taxman, fraudsters are creeping closer to home and pretending to be those dearest to you. “When using social media we should all remain guarded, be vigilant against fraud attempts, and remember that if something seems fishy – you’re probably right.” However, impersonation scams are not the only type of fraud taking place on social media platforms. Last year, Action Fraud reported that £63million had been lost by Britons to investments scams which had originated on social media. This type of scam involves fake advertisements being posted apps for investment companies, which offer unrealistically high interest rates. According to the scam watchdog, 27.5 percent of all investment fraud victims who mentioned social media in their report were aged 19-24. This suggests young people are more likely to be targeted and victims of this crime. Superintendent Sanjay Andersen, from the City of London Police’s National Fraud Intelligence Bureau, said: “Reports of investment fraud have increased significantly since the start of the coronavirus pandemic, which is unsurprising when you think the vast majority of us have had to conduct nearly every aspect of our lives on a computer or mobile phone. “Being online more means criminals have a greater opportunity to approach unsuspecting victims with their scams. “We would encourage anyone thinking about making an investment to do their research first. “Visit the FCA’s website and check and double check every detail before handing over your money or personal details.”