In a statement, the JCVI said a Covid vaccine should be offered to:• Residents in a care home for older adults and staff• Frontline health and social care workers• All those 65 years of age and over• Adults aged 16 to 64 years who are in a clinical risk group. The JCVI added that the primary objective this autumn “will be to increase population immunity and protection against severe COVID-19 disease, specifically hospitalisation and death, over the winter period". While the guidance is useful for both the government and its subsidiaries, it is interim. This means it is open to change and is not set in stone. The JCVI added: "The Committee recognises there is considerable uncertainty with regards to the likelihood, timing and severity of any potential future wave of COVID-19 in the UK in the year ahead. "Despite these uncertainties, winter will remain the season when the threat from COVID-19 is greatest for individuals and health communities." READ MORE: 'Game changer' medication could relieve chronic pain   While the guidance is useful for both the government and its subsidiaries, it is interim. This means it is open to change and is not set in stone. The JCVI added: “The Committee recognises there is considerable uncertainty with regards to the likelihood, timing and severity of any potential future wave of COVID-19 in the UK in the year ahead. “Despite these uncertainties, winter will remain the season when the threat from COVID-19 is greatest for individuals and health communities.”   The reason early guidance has been issued is so that the UK government can plan ahead. The future evolution of COVID-19 is uncertain. While there is hope the virus will mutate into a less deadly, if more transmissible variant, there is still the possibility it could become more potent. As a result, reducing the rate at which the virus can spread is key. Vaccination is the best way to achieve this. Professor Wei Shen Lim, Chair of the COVID-19 vaccination on the JCVI said: “Last year’s autumn booster vaccination programme provided excellent protection against severe COVID-19, including against the Omicron variant.” At the end of 2021, the government engaged in an emergency booster programme as Omicron surged through the population. The hope is this guidance will allow the government to take a proactive rather than a reactive approach to the virus. Professor Shei Lim added: “We have provided interim advice on an autumn booster programme for 2022 so that the NHS and care homes are able to start the necessary operational planning, to enable high levels of protection for more vulnerable individuals and frontline healthcare staff over next winter. “As we continue to review the scientific data, further updates to this advice will follow.” Subsequently, what the government does next is all dependent on the virus. As the warmer months continue, transmission is predicted to decrease; however, the UKHSA remains alert to a change in this situation.