Prince Harry's memoir book is due for release later this year and is set to erupt even more tensions within the Royal Family. Speaking on Royally Us, PR expert Lida Citreon said that once Harry starts pointing fingers, in his book, he will need to "make sure he can back up" claims that he makes. She claims that this is much like "we see in the celebrity space too". Royally Us host Christina Garibaldi said: "Do you think that they [Meghan and Harry] should stop talking about the Royal Family and then we have this book that he [Harry] is releasing, supposedly at the end of the year". Ms Citreon said: "It's a lot. "I think what's interesting is we're all outsiders just looking in, right, and let's face it it's fun to read, it's salacious, it's juicy, it's gossip, would we want somebody writing about us that way, of course not, we'd be mortified so I can imagine that they're [The Royal Family] mortified by some of this. "The royals, again, have a persona, an institution to manage and there's such a wonderful quality to that". READ MORE: Prince William steps up to represent Queen as Duke jets to UAE after death of Sheikh Speaking of the potential memoir claims, the PR expert added: "That's really tricky if you start pointing out where the strings are and you know, what the magic is, what the magician's doing behind the scenes. "If you are going to disillusion all that, be really careful where you step because those are some of the landmines, we see in the celebrity space too, right, you start pointing out and pointing fingers, make sure you can back it up". The memoir, which is due to be released towards the end of this year, will include past topics such as about his childhood and his time in the military service. It will also include more recent times in his life such as his marriage to Meghan Markle and his experience of fatherhood. READ MORE: Lady Louise leads royal horses to applause as Queen watches tribute to Prince Philip In a statement, released at the time of the announcement of the memoir, Harry claimed, “I’m writing this not as the prince I was born but as the man I have become. "I’ve worn many hats over the years, both literally and figuratively, and my hope is that in telling my story—the highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learned—I can help show that no matter where we come from, we have more in common than we think. "I’m deeply grateful for the opportunity to share what I’ve learned over the course of my life so far and excited for people to read a firsthand account of my life that’s accurate and wholly truthful". DON'T MISS Harry and Meghan stepped back from their senior royal roles in January 2020. They made their final appearance as part of the Royal Family in the March of 2020. They now live in California, with their two children, three-year-old son Archie and daughter Lilibet, who will turn one in June.