Paris Saint-Germain have confirmed Kylian Mbappe has agreed a new three-year contract at the club, ending intense speculation surrounding his future. The 23-year-old forward has snubbed Real Madrid in favour of a glamorous extension in the French capital. It ends a long-winded saga starting last summer when PSG rejected two bids from Real for Mbappe, despite the Parisian superstar's plea to leave. His blockbuster new deal at the Parc des Princes will make him the centrepiece of the club's brand and the highest-paid footballer in history. Mbappe will reportedly earn around £1million per week, more than doubling his previous earnings and surpassing the eye-watering salary Lionel Messi has earned since joining PSG last year. He is also understood to be receiving an incredible signing-on bonus worth up to £100m, concessions over image rights and the freedom to choose his own performance-related bonuses. Reports in Spain even claim he was offered the chance to be the 'owner of the project' in Paris, unbelievably giving him a big say in managerial and backroom changes and transfers. PSG's potential decision to replace sporting director Leonardo, with whom Mbappe has an iffy relationship, with his preferred candidate Luis Campos indicates the unprecedented control he'll have. JUST IN: Erik ten Hag will be watching four Man Utd players closely vs Palace Mbappe joined PSG on an initial season-long loan as an 18-year-old in 2017, which became a permanent four-year contract. He has scored 168 goals in 216 games for the French giants and won the fifth Ligue 1 title of his career this season. Already flourishing into one of Europe's best players, Mbappe has been named the Ligue 1 Player of the Year and included in the Champions League Squad of the Season three times. He was also named the Best Young Player at the 2018 World Cup, where he helped France lift the iconic trophy before winning the Nations League in 2021. READ MORE: Arsenal warned off Danilo move as president makes 'nail it' promise Mbappe's decision will come as an almighty blow for Real, who have had their full focus on luring him to the Santiago Bernabeu for the last year. Los Blancos also missed out on Manchester City-bound striker Erling Haaland after prioritising their pursuit of PSG's star man. However, given that it's widely known to be his career dream, many still consider Mbappe's eventual transfer to the Spanish capital inevitable in the coming years. If that time comes, PSG would likely be able to negotiate a staggering fee for his services rather than losing him for free. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.