Savings rates are beginning to creep up again with Santander offering one of the best interest rates on the market. Its savings account is offering 2.5 percent interest as well as long term rewards. Santander’s 123 Regular e-Saver now offers those looking to build their savings pot an attractive rate of 2.5 percent interest but only for the first 12 months. Existing 123, Private and Select current account customers will automatically receive this appealing interest rate but only on savings of up to £200 a month. Santander customers will receive up to three percent cashback on selected household bills, capped at £5 in each cashback tier each month. However, Santander isn’t currently offering a £140 bank bribe to incentivize people to switch current accounts. READ MORE: Universal Credit: When you can expect £650 Cost of Living payment Almost 200,000 current accounts were switched between January and March 2022 - and Santander was the bank which benefited the most with (36,494) new customers. It was closely followed by Nationwide with 33,691 new customers and Starling Bank with 10,364. As the cost of living crisis continues to put a burden on Britons’ finances, people might be attracted by cashback on bills. Santander customers will receive up to 3 percent cashback on selected household bills, capped at £5 in each cashback tier each month. DON'T MISSState pension payments set to change next month [UPDATE]Millions of households unable to claim £150 council tax rebate [WARNING]Energy bills: Will all pensioners get £300? [INSIGHT] The account offers a further 15 percent cashback on offers at certain retailers including Co-op, Morrisons and Costa. Although these offers are available to everyone, customers will need to go to their app to switch these offers on. Santander isn’t currently offering an incentive for switching but its cashback on bills offer is piquing many people’s interest. Money saving expert Martin Lewis recently named it as a top account for long term rewards. When it comes to choosing a savings account there is no one-size-fits all solution. However, there are some typical questions people should ask themselves before making a decision. For some people, having a local branch will come higher up on the list than whether it offers digital features. For others, customer service reviews will be most important. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea When choosing a new savings account people should consider: 