During Sunday night's Holidaying with Jane McDonald: Florida, Channel 5 viewers watched as the cruise ship singer began the second leg of her trip in Fort Lauderdale. It was a nostalgic moment for Jane as she reminisced about the times she would dock there while she was working on the cruise ships. As the 59-year-old arrived at her hotel, she was thrilled to see she had a stunning sea view. "Oh, look at this," the presenter beamed as she inspected her hotel room "I've got a whole kitchen, have I got a kettle? Yes, and I've got a toaster and I've got an ocean view. "Oh wow, look at this. It feels so good to be back here in Fort Lauderdale." READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Ethan Anderson to leave village as he's sacked Speaking about the moment she met her ex-husband Henrik, Jane continued: "I've got great memories here. "I used to dock every single week when I was working on the cruise ships, so I got to know Fort Lauderdale quite well. "And then when I met Henrik all those years ago, he had a house here so I stayed here quite a lot. "I've got some great friends who still live here. So I'm hoping to meet up with them as well." "Maybe I'll invite them to come and hang out on one of my two balconies," she added. "The wonderful thing about this room is I've got the ocean at that side and then over there behind the hotel is the waterways. That is the Venice of America right there, this is going to be fabulous." Jane met her husband Henrik while filming the BBC series, The Cruise, with him working onboard the ship as a plumbing engineer. DON'T MISS...All Creatures Great and Small's Helen talks relationship with Jenny [CAST]Death in Paradise star 'cried' after getting rejected from role [INSIGHT]Amanda Owen's co-star pays tribute to Yorkshire Shepherdess [NEWS] After a whirlwind romance, they tied the knot in 1998 and Henrik became Jane's manager. However, things didn't go to plan because four years later the pair split up as Henrik felt he was holding Jane back in her career. Jane did find love again with The Searchers drummer Eddie Rothe in 2008. However, last year, Jane lost Eddie after he died following a battle with lung cancer. During the first episode of Jane's travel show, which took her around the Caribbean, she admitted to wanting to wash away the past couple of years. The programme was the first time Jane had been on a solo trip without Eddie. As she took a stroll along the beach, Jane reflected on the last couple of years. She said: "And just like that, all the stresses of life and the last couple of years are washed away." Holidaying with Jane McDonald returns on Sunday at 9pm on Channel 5.