What a difference a few days make. Last week, the actor was suited and booted and serious in court to face ex-wife Amber Heard in the ongoing defamation trial. Over the past few days, Depp flew to the UK to surprise fans as he joined friend and fellow musician Jeff Beck on his current tour. Last night the pair were on stage in Sheffield. Tonight is the first of two dates at London's iconic Royal Albert Hall, and the first footage from the concert has already started to be shared. After that Beck's tour moves on to Gateshead, Glasgow, Manchester, Birmingham and York in the UK before heading across to the Continent until it ends on July 25 in Paris. How many more shows will Depp play? The actor is currently waiting for the verdict in the headline-grabbing trial, in which both parties have alleged defamation and loss of earnings. His extremely loyal army of fans has rushed to celebrate seeing their idol looking "happy" and "doing what he loves" on stage with his friend. Last night and again tonight, Depp has performed Jimi Hendrix's Little Wing and John Lennon's Isolation. The Hollywood star and Beck first released their version of the classic track in April 2020, which they have been performing together since the previous year. The first images and videos from tonight's show can be seen directly below. Fans have flooded social media with videos and images, and a deluge of messages about the star. Comments are universally celebratory, generally supporting their idol, his current release from worrying about the trail and with a very definite belief in his innocence. Christine Henneman wrote: "Best therapy ever! Music for the healing soul! I was once told anyone can hurt you, but when they hurt your soul it’s no longer your fight, it’s something much bigger than us all! I guess that theory is true!  pray to heal all the real victims and those who fight for them!" Jan Price said: "Bless his heart, he needs a break like no one I've ever seen. We are for you all the way, Johnny." Megasickcat said:"So happy that Johnny got the hell outta there and got to do something he really and truly LOVES...making music... Good for you JD!" Manar added: "İt's beautiful to have friends to give you a chance to lose yourself in what you love after all of what you've been through not just for the last six weeks but for the last 6 years! I hope Johnny Depp understands how lucky he is." JEFF BECK TOUR INFORMATION AND DATES