After seeing images of the Russian leader, one commenter said his head looked so "bloated" that it appeared to be "photoshopped onto his body". This came after Putin appeared in a virtual security council meeting. Reacting to the video, one commenter said: "His face and head look so bloated, especially his cheeks and around the back of his head. "He looks photoshopped onto his body. "It’s clearly him, but what a strange look." Another said: "Either his clothing is too tight around the neck, or he sits in an unfortunate position. "But the layer of skin and fat over his neck looks really uncomfortable." The comments on Putin's appearance come amid mounting speculation over the Russian leader's health. An oligarch with close ties to the Kremlin was reportedly recorded claiming that Putin is "very ill with blood cancer". In the recording obtained by US magazine New Lines, said to be from mid-March, the unnamed oligarch discussed Putin’s health. He was also heard saying "we all hope" Putin dies, adding: "He absolutely ruined Russia’s economy, Ukraine’s economy and many other economies — ruined [them] absolutely. READ MORE: Putin is 'seriously ill' says ex-UK spy chief as coup 'underway' "The problem is with his head. "One crazy guy can turn the world upside down." New Lines magazine also reported that officers in Russia's main security agency, the Federal Security Service (FSB), have been ordered not to speculate about Putin's health. A memo was reportedly sent out ordering people to ignore speculation that the president only had months left to live. DON'T MISS: Now Sweden calls Putin's bluff and announces NATO bid [REPORT] 'There are pictures' John Curtice's bombshell to topple Boris [REVEAL] Putin embarrassed as citizens PAID to join Kremlin war march [INSIGHT] This comes as Putin's invasion of Ukraine appears to be stalling, with Russian forces taking heavy losses. A video recording of a meeting between the Russian president and his defence minister, Sergei Shoigu, also sparked further rumours about the leader's health. Putin was also seen tightly clutching the table, not letting go for the entire duration of the 12-minute clip. Meanwhile, Christopher Steele, a former British spy who authored a dossier on alleged Russian interference in the 2016 US election, told Sky News that Putin appears to be "seriously ill". He said: "It's not clear exactly what this illness is - whether it's incurable or terminal, or whatever. "But certainly, I think it's part of the equation. "Certainly, from what we're hearing from sources in Russia and elsewhere, is that Putin is, in fact, quite seriously ill."