The countdown begins until the Eurovision Song Contest returns for another year with every act desperate to leave a lasting impression on its audience. Airing once again on BBC One, the contest will see a variety of singers from across the continent performing original music, often with dazzling backdrops. This year, the eyes of the world will be watching the show in Italy after the country's win last year. The Eurovision Song Contest 2022 will be taking place in Turin, Italy, as the country took home the winning title in 2021. Rock band Maneskin wowed the crowds with their song Zitti E Buoni, scoring them major points with their fellow competing countries. Following the band's success at Eurovision, Maneskin has had a hit with I Wanna Be Your Slave and a cover of the classic Beggin'. Now, they are hoping to repeat this triumph with a second consecutive win and one star believes this could be possible. READ MORE: 'Disgusted' BBC Breakfast sparks uproar over Russian news coverage Talk show host, actor and comedian Graham Norton will be back as BBC's commentator for the Eurovision Song Contest. He is returning for his 13th year on the show, having originally taken over the role as the UK's host from Sir Terry Wogan. Having seen the contest up close and personal for more than a decade, Norton believes Italy could be the one to watch once again. Talking to the BBC, he said: "I really think Italy might do that rarest of things and walk away triumphant for the second year in a row. That song is huge!" Representing Italy are two of the country's most popular young artists Mahmood and BLANCO. Mahmood shot to fame on The X Factor Italia and released a string of singles as well as two full-length albums. His biggest hit to date was Soldi which came in second place in Eurovision in 2019 and previously held the title of most-streamed Eurovision song of all time on Spotify until Duncan Laurence’s Arcade last year. Mahmood is joined by singer and rapper BLANCO whose 2021 single Mi Fai Impazzire spent eight weeks at the top of the Italian charts. DON'T MISS...'White working class lads don't get a look in' GB News guest slams BBC [REACTION]Eurovision 2022 presenters: Who are the hosts? [CAST]UK Eurovision 2022 song: The sweet meaning behind Sam Ryder’s Space... [EXPLAINER] Their Eurovision song is called Brividi which translates in English to "shivers" or "chills". Their tune talks of the end of a love story as well as having the strength to be open and honest with your other half. Brividi is already a hit in Italy, becoming the most listened to Italian song in a 24-hour period in history. It has also had more than 64 million Spotify streams and 47 million views on YouTube. Going by the odds for this year's Eurovision, Italy could still stand a very good chance of winning for the second year in a row. According to bookies Betfair, Italy has 4/1 odds of winning the show, putting the country just behind Ukraine with 4/6. Third place in the running is Sweden with 6/1 odds, followed by the United Kingdom with 9/1. The Eurovision Song Contest final will air on Saturday, May 14, at 8pm on BBC One.