Joining Tipping Point host Ben Shephard, contestants Yvonne, Dai and Anna all went head to head for a chance to win a life-changing sum of money. During the third round, Yvonne stunned Ben and left viewers in hysterics when she confused Trevor McDonald for Game of Thrones character Jon Snow. Storming through the competition, Yvonne was miles ahead of the other two contestants as she entered the third round with £1100. Yvonne decided to take the first question, and Ben asked: "Which veteran British news presenter shares their name with a character in the TV series Game of Thrones?" Unsure, Yvonne admitted: "I know nothing about Games of Thrones, I have never seen it, so I am sorry, but I am going to pass it to you." Ben asked: "Dai have you watched Game of Thrones?" to which he replied equally as worried: "I haven't, never watched one episode. READ MORE: Sally Dexter age: How old is Emmerdale's Faith Dingle star? "I don't know why but my head is telling me, Trevor McDonald..." Ben giggled at the answer and agreed: "I mean, why not, he is a news presenter and veteran broadcaster! Yvonne, did you have anyone in mind?" She replied: "Ian Snow, was it Ian Snow?" Ben confirmed: "Dai, you have gone for Trevor McDonald, a character in Game of Thrones, veteran newscaster, was it, Trevor McDonald?" Unfortunately, the answer they were both looking for was Jon Snow, which meant Yvonne was able to put the counter into the machine. Taking to Twitter, fans were in hysterics with @Clare_Eagle00 laughing: "Well, I never! Trevor McDonald in Game of Thrones? Must have missed that episode." David Wilding asked: "Trevor McDonald was a character in Game of Thrones? #TippingPoint." @TR1PLE_6_ joked: "Ah yes, that well-known Game Of Thrones character of TREVOR MCDONALD!! #TippingPoint." DON'T MISS...Ben Shephard gobsmacked by Tipping Point player in tense final [INSIGHT]Ben Shephard hits out at Tipping Point player over final performance [LATEST]Ben Shephard gutted over Tipping Point player's final move [WATCH] Carey Jones commented: "What an odd answer? Of all the people, he could have said he went with Trevor McDonald? A legend, but still..." @Jonesey_WHITE8 added: "That's the best thing I have heard all day, Trevor McDonald you need to get yourself onto Game of Thrones!" (sic) Facing Dai in the third round, the pair went back and forth, but it was ultimately Yvonne who made it to the final round. When asked what she would do with the money, she told Ben: "This is my favourite game show, so I am going to beat this thing. "I want to take my dad to see the Northern Lights, so that would be lovely." During her final round, Yvonne managed to answer four of the questions correctly and played three counters for each. She had a successful round and managed to make £3,450, and decided not to take the risk of the jackpot coin saying the machine had "not been nice all day". As Ben gave her the option to see if the trade for another three counters would have worked, the second counter pushed the jackpot over the edge and left her devastated. Tipping Point airs weekdays from 4pm on ITV.