Cristiano Ronaldo was spotted angrily reacting to David De Gea’s kicking in Manchester United’s Premier League clash with Brentford. The Portugal international is hoping to add to his 23 goals this season at Old Trafford. Yet despite a bright first-half showing, it seems he wasn’t entirely happy. Manchester United went up against Brentford looking to boost their chances of playing in the Europa League next term. (just so doesn't need changing after FT) They took the lead through Bruno Fernandes, with the Portugal international converting after some good work from Anthony Elanga. Yet while Ronaldo was bright in the early stages of the contest, not everything was to his liking. The Portugal international was spotted reacting angrily to De Gea’s kicking during the first half, throwing his hands out in frustration. It seemed he wanted his goalkeeper to focus more, with his kick sailing over Ronaldo’s head. The veteran was also visibly annoyed when he was denied a penalty, having gone down in the box. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Contact appeared to be minimal, however, and the referee instead ignored the pleas of Ronaldo and his team-mates. He was also frustrated at seeing a goal chalked off by VAR, too. Ronaldo had finished expertly after an impressive pass from Juan Mata yet, in the end, it wasn’t given. Despite it being a tough season for United, Ronaldo has shown in recent weeks that he’s still got what it takes to play at the highest level. He bagged a hat-trick against Tottenham in March and notched a second treble this season against Norwich last month. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag And his tally of 23 goals across all competitions is more than any other player on the club’s books. Ronaldo isn’t guaranteed to still be at United next season, however. With Erik ten Hag coming in, it’s possible the forward will be offloaded due to the Dutchman having his own ideas in mind. Real Madrid have been mooted as potential suitors, with a fee of £10million supposedly enough to get a deal done. And Ronaldo could even choose to leave himself, having never played in the Europa League or UEFA Conference League over his career. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Speaking recently, former Leeds and Manchester City star Danny Mills urged Ten Hag to get rid of the club’s No 7. “If you’re coming in with a new plan and a new way of playing energetic football and Ronaldo doesn’t suit that, then it’s an issue,” he said. “He’s only going to be there for another year at most, so would it be wise to move him on now? “Not because he’s a bad player or a bad influence, but just because he doesn’t play the way you want to play. “United have had to adapt around him this season and will have to next season until he’s gone.” And that was just days after Mills had said: “Ronaldo might be a difficult one, but I am sure somebody would take him. Remember they didn't pay too much for him. “It's not like they are going to take a huge hit in terms of a transfer fee. “Ronaldo still has something to offer, but if you are talking about a rebuilding process, and he's only going to be there for one season, what's the point? “He becomes more of a hindrance than a help. Every time you lose, it is 'Why is Ronaldo not playing?' That is the difficulty that you have. “If you're going to start afresh, give yourself that opportunity to start fresh.”