Wasps can be a nuisance when they swarm your home and garden in the summer, and it could mean that you have a nest on your property. Getting rid of the nest is the only way to eliminate the root of the problem, but is it really safe to do it yourself? Here are the dos and don'ts of removing a wasp nest from your garden without getting hurt. Summer is a busy time for pests, with everything from ants to wasps making an appearance in homes and gardens. While wasps are almost impossible to avoid in the warm season, you can reduce their presence by eliminating nests on your property. The earlier you can spot a nest, the easier it will be to remove, so start by checking common areas such as sheds, roofs, roof voids, lofts, bushes and other places to avoid missing any wasp-infested hotspots. READ MORE: ‘Really straightforward way’ to deadhead petunias to flower longer Wasps are aggressive creatures when they are interfered with, and could leave you with some agonising stings if approached without caution. DIY wasp removal is often advised against by professionals, so what steps should you take if you spot one on your property? While it is always best to contact a qualified professional for help, any attempt to remove a wasps nest yourself should only ever be done if you have a clear strategy. Carefully plan out how you will approach the nest, the protective equipment you will need, and a quick exit plan if you need to escape a swarm of angry wasps. Your hands, face, feet, torso, legs and arms should always be properly covered before attempting a removal. According to Rentokil, nests are best removed at night time, as this is when wasps are more docile and less likely to sting you. This will be tough to do, as the use of lights and torches will alert the wasps to your plan, making it almost impossible to remove the nest discreetly. Aim for a clear night with a natural light source nearby to help you work out exactly where the nest is positioned on your property. Rentokil said: “It is important to note, that if the wasp nest is in a hard to reach place such as underneath your gutters, or up high in a tree, you should not try and remove the nest yourself as this could lead to severe injuries.” DON'T MISS:When to trim box hedges to encourage 'bushy' summer growth [INSIGHT]How to permanently kill perennial weeds - best method [REVEAL]The 5 gardening jobs for June - everything you need to do this month [LATEST] READ MORE: ‘Really straightforward way’ to deadhead petunias to flower longer  It is very dangerous to attempt to remove wasps nests which are located out of reach - especially while using a ladder. Angering this intelligent creature could leave you at risk of an attack, with the added risk of falling off of the ladder. It is always advised to leave nest removal to the professionals if they can’t be easily accessed. If you do manage to access the nest without being swarmed, it is a good idea to keep a full can of insecticide to hand. This can be applied to the nest before physically removing the structure. A large bin liner is a useful material for covering an entire nest - especially if it is in an accessible location. Slowly cover the nest with the bin liner and detach it from the tree or wall to completely remove it. The bin liners should be quickly sealed to contain the nest as soon as you have released it from the surface. Keeping children and pets away from the problem area is important during the removal process, and the same is true for the disposal too. Fantastic Pest Control said: “You need to protect them not only from the aggravated wasps but also from the poisonous products if you’re using any.” Once the wasps are exterminated, dispose of the nest in an isolated bin bag which is separate to garden waste to prevent pets and other animals from ingesting the dead but toxic wasps.