Dick Strawbridge and Angel Adoree rose to fame with their Channel 4 series, Escape to the Chateau. The duo have spent the last seven years renovating Château de la Motte-Husson in France into their perfect family home. The couple, who share two children together, have faced a number of hurdles during the renovation process, and it's safe to say they don't always see eye to eye. Interior designer Angel has had some bold ideas when it came to the makeover, although, Dick is always quick to shut his wife down when she gets too carried away. In a snippet from the couple's book, Living the Chateau Dream, Dick and Angel discussed the struggles they faced when they first bought their home. In 2014, Dick and Angel bought the Chateau for £280,000, and they gave themselves £20,000 to do the renovation work. However, things took an unexpected turn when they were forced to spend the majority of the money they had left on installing heating and insulation to keep their family warm in the winter months. READ MORE: Rees-Mogg hits back at Naga Munchetty branding Partygate 'non-story' The mum-of-two explained that at the start of 2016, the couple were broke due to moving home and having their wedding. She began: "We had additional costs of starting the restorations of a 45-room, 19th-century Chateau...enough said. "With everything going on, we had not really paid attention to the fact that our neighbour Bertrand had not yet submitted his bill for the work he did on our sewerage system. "So when the €12,000 bill came in, we had to borrow some money from our family." Angel continued: "The fact that we were car-less and waiting for work was all part of the early stress. "So, our families added a few thousand extra to allow us to buy a little run-around car." However, when it came to purchasing a family vehicle, Dick and Angel couldn't seem to agree. "It's nearly impossible to get anything in France roadworthy for €3,000, especially from a dealership," she added. "So, we looked on a reputable second-hand site." DON'T MISS...The Last Kingdom's Eliza Butterworth won’t return as Aelswith in movie [CAST]Piers Morgan fiercely defends Ricky Gervais against ‘woke brigade’ [VIDEO]Brenda Blethyn sets record straight on Vera stunt double [INSIGHT] "I had become used to driving the lovely automatic Citroen for the past year, combined with obviously driving on the opposite side of the road and the very fact that many French drivers just do not use roundabouts like we do (I am sure you're meant to stop at roundabouts...?)" Angel recalled before admitting: "[It] meant I'd lost a little bit of confidence. "Arthur and Dorothy's safety was my number one priority and, in light of the above, I thought it might be in everyone's interest if we looked for an automatic. "Dick and I did not see eye to eye on what was acceptable. Though this only caused an issue while we both had to agree. "I was clearly the tricky customer (or in my defence, the less confident customer), Dick left it to me to find something I could drive." Dick and Angel have always been open and honest about the struggles they have faced as a family during their journey. During the Channel 4 series, Angel admitted they had no money after their wedding. She said: "After our wedding, the big thing was we just wanted the family to be comfortable. And they work and we have toilets that work. "But our focus was to essentially to create a home, a business and a revenue." Escape to the Chateau is available to watch on All4.