GAME has stock of the PS5 available to buy today. The major high-street retailer has a Horizon Forbidden West bundle listed on its website that's available to purchase right now.  The bundle includes a PS5 disc console, a copy of Horizon Forbidden West as well as an extra DualSense controller. If you want to purchase this bundle then click here to head to the relevant page on the GAME website. This bundle is priced at £559.98. The latest GAME PS5 stock went live on the morning of Tuesday May 17, and came a week after a major PS5 restock at GAME. Besides the Horizon bundle that's available at GAME today, Smyths Toys also has PS5 stock that can be pre-ordered today. Pre-orders are live once again for a Horizon Forbidden West PS5 bundle which is priced at £499.99. However, with the Smyths Toys PS5 pre-orders there isn't a confirmed release date, with the retailer simply saying the PS5 is "expected" in stock.  If you wish to pre-order a PS5 from Smyths Toys then clicking here will direct you to the page you need to visit. So far, this month has been a pretty good time for those looking to purchase a PS5 - with Amazon, GAME and Argos all getting major restocks recently. And if you've recently purchased a PS5 you may want to sign up to the brand new PS Plus, which is launching next month.  This revamped service will offer new membership tiers that offer a library of hundreds of pounds you can play for a subscription fee. For those that haven't purchased many PS5 games yet, the new PS Plus will offer some great titles you can sink your teeth into. PS5 games included with the new PS Plus include Returnal, Demon's Souls, Spider-Man Miles Morales as well as the PlayStation 5 versions of Death Stranding and Ghost of Tsushima. But you'll also get plenty of other games included in the service such as modern hits like Red Dead Redemption 2, Assassin's Creed Valhalla and Mortal Kombat 11 while you'll also get access to a library of classic PlayStation games including iconic PS1 titles such as Ape Escape, Syphon Filter and Tekken 2. 