Prince Harry is the younger son of Prince Charles and the late, Diana, Princess of Wales. Prince Harry has recently been dubbed “the most popular royal" by royal expert Tina Brown, despite the ongoing controversy after his royal exit in 2020. However, Omid Scobie, the co-author of Harry and Meghan's book Finding Freedom, has claimed that the key to Prince Harry's public success is that his story is "more interesting". Speaking on the latest episode of Vanity Fair's royal podcast Dynasty, Mr Scobie said: "One of the reasons that people are so fond of him [Harry] is because everyone, at some point in their life, has been able to see themselves as a Prince Harry. "Whether it's during his wild party days, or during the days when people were, sort of, waiting for him to find that purpose and even he didn't know what he wanted to do. "I think everyone, in their life at some point, has not known what they want to do next". He added: "Well, facing the incredibly toxic situation that he was in within the family, whereby he had to prioritise his own wife and child's safety to make a change that would, not only change royal history for good but so dramatically impact his life. "I think that's what his story more interesting than anyone else's [in the Royal Family]". READ MORE: 'Increasingly unlikely' Queen's health fears explode over speech – 'last-minute call' Prince Harry married Meghan Markle in May 2018. Less than two years after their big day, in January 2020, the couple announced they were to step down as senior working royals. They claimed, in their official statement on their Instagram account, that the decision was made "after many months of reflection and internal discussions". After their announcement, the couple and their young son Archie moved from the UK to the US. The couple did, however, live in Canada for a short time at the beginning of their move. READ MORE: Royal POLL: Should Platinum Jubilee balcony appearance go ahead without Queen? Prince Harry served in the Army for ten years. Harry resigned from the army in 2015 and took up royal duties full-time. Following his military departure, the Duke struggled to adjusting to being a full-time royal. Speaking to Lorraine earlier this week, royal expert Tina Brown said that Harry found the treatment of being "number two" to William difficult and this left him "marginalised" from his brother. DON'T MISS Meghan 'stole the soundbite' off Kate in rare Fab 4 outing [INSIGHT]Queen in 'lose-lose situation' as Harry and Meghan to steal spotlight [ANALYSIS]Princess Eugenie's podcast project questioned over Andrew's row [VIDEO] Having lost his mum when he was just 12-years-old, Harry struggled to deal with her tragic passing. He has since spoken openly about the impact her death had on his mental health, especially in his youth. Due to his struggles, he openly admits to experimenting with alcohol and drugs during his younger days. He was often dubbed as the more rebellious brother.