The Royal author sat down with Journalist Piers Morgan to talk about Meghan Markle's expectations when she joined the Royal Family. Ms Brown speculated that Ms Markle thought her role in the Royal Family would be a global humanitarian Princess. Meghan and Harry have been back under the spotlight this week due to her Netflix animation series Peal getting cancelled, by the mega media giant. Ms Brown then went on to explain the Ms Markle didn't realise what being part of the Monarchy was like from the inside.   Mr Morgan said: "Is Prince Harry happy? I mean look my views about him and Meghan Markle are pretty well-known. "I'm not going to labour the point, you do lots of fascinating research in your book about this. "You're pretty scathing about Meghan, I mean you're sympathetic in some ways..." Ms Brown told Talk TV: "No I don't think I am scathing about her actually. JUST IN: 'Struggling to care' Prince Harry's rumoured Jubilee absence has fans 'losing patience' "I feel I've got inside that situation in a way that has a lot of many dimensions to it." Mr Morgan added: "Sum it up simple." Ms Brown said: "Meghan simply didn't realise, didn't understand how different the Monarchy is from the inside, to what it looks like from the outside. "From the outside its palaces its global tours, it's being adored, it's being one of the most famous people in the world from inside you know it can be really dull, it is grunt work. READ MORE: UK hot weather: 26C heatwave in DAYS as experts forecast 'proper summer' for 2022 Mr Morgan said: "18-months you cant buy this, I think she's genuinely planned the whole thing. Kinsey Schofield, the founder of royals site ToDiForDaily.com, told The Express.co.uk that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex would be “eager” to return to the UK and play a part-time role in the Royal Family. Ms Schofield said: “I think they would be willing to come back and live there for six months. "We see that Prince Harry is not willing to give up Frogmore Cottage. His life is there, his friends are there and his blood is there. “I do think that Harry and Meghan would be eager to go back and to explore that option.” 