Mr Albanese, from the Australian Labor Party, has long supported the Republican movement. He was elected as Australia's Prime Minister earlier today, replacing Scott Morrison. In 2018, he said the country should hold a national vote on becoming a Republic. While the Labor party manifesto did not include any plans for a referendum on republicanism, the anti-monarchy organisation Republic said that "a republic will happen" as a result of his election. Posting on its official Twitter account, it said: "Excellent to see pro-republic Anthony Albanese becoming Australia’s PM. "Won’t be a referendum just yet as they’re rightly committed to first recognising aboriginal people as the original Australians in the constitution. "But a republic will happen." The party is committed to holding a referendum to create an Indigenous Voice to Parliament, which would allow First Nations people a say on policies and laws affecting their communities. At the last election, Labor set aside $160 million for an advisory plebiscite to determine support for a republic, before a referendum on the issue. Speaking about the two issues, a spokesperson for the party said: "Constitutional recognition and a Voice to Parliament for First Nations people remain Labor's constitutional reform priority and at this stage, this is the only referendum we are committed to in our first term of government." Mr Albanese's election comes at a tricky time for the monarchy, as several other countries have begun pursuing republicanism. READ MORE: Australia election results: Left-wingers set to seize control Just two days after the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge left Belize during their tour of the Caribbean in March, the country signalled its plans to move forward with independence. Speaking in the Belizean parliament, the Minister for Constitutional and Political Reform, Henry Charles Usher said "perhaps it is time for Belize to take the next step" towards independence. Kate and William's visit to Jamaica, earlier in the tour, was also rocked by turbulence as the Prime Minister announced that the country intends to become a republic. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: William ‘angry’ and Charles ‘sad’ – Harry warned [LIVE] Royal Family: Sussexes set for 'very, very isolated' anniversary [INSIGHT] 'Spare us' Harry and Meghan mocked over 'elitist' green holidays [REACTION]  In an official meeting with Kate and William, the country's Prime Minister Andrew Holness said: "There are issues here, which as you know, are unresolved, but your presence gives us an opportunity for those issues to be placed in context, to be out front and centre and to be addressed as best we can. "But Jamaica is, as you would see, is a country that is proud of its history and very proud of what we have achieved. "And we’re moving on and we intend to… fulfil our true ambitions and destiny to become an independent, developed and prosperous country." Barbados removed the Queen as head of state in November last year, with the country's government saying it is time to "fully leave our colonial past behind." Responding to the news, Buckingham Palace said it was a matter for the government and the people of Barbados. According to the BBC, a source at Buckingham Palace said that the idea "was not out of the blue" and "has been mooted and publicly talked about many times".