Mikhail Khodaryonok declared the new target of the Russian military will be the M777 howitzers used by defending Ukrainian forces. The retired colonel confirmed Vladimir Putin’s army will engage in targeted strikes against the towed artillery weapon in an effort to disarm the Ukrainian military. Khodaryonok has attracted particular attention on Russian state television as his earlier statements suggested Russian forces were struggling for both adequate military supplies and a sustained level of morale among fighting troops. The journalist appeared to have drastically changed his view on the invasion as he celebrated Russian army strategy and condemned suggestions of Ukrainian victory.    “A few words about our strikes on the positions of American M777 howitzers,” said Khodaryonok. The former colonel referenced footage broadcast on Russian state television: “A video of which, the Defence Ministry has kindly provided.” He continued: “There is every reason to believe these howitzers will be the most high-priority targets in the very near future.” “For the units of our missile forces and artillery and for units of our aerospace forces, they will be searched for, discovered, and hit.”    Khodaryonok claimed the Russian military would be successful in their mission to destroy ground artillery used by Ukrainian soldiers. He said: “Let’s consider, we have every reason to believe this too, that in the very near future all that will remain of these howitzers, will be memories. “I think our armed forces have been given this objective and that in the near future it will be accomplished.” His clear display of confidence in Russian military ability strongly contradicted his prior declaration of doubt about the morale of Russian fighters. Read more: Poland calls Putin bluff after 'denazify' threat Speaking on Russian state television earlier in the month, Khodaryonok said: “We need to consider this in our strategic calculations, that the situation for us will clearly get worse.” The statements made by the military expert were particularly shocking as Russian television broadcasts are strictly state-controlled and hugely support the war with near-constant transmission of pro-Russian propaganda to the population. Khodaryonok also addressed Russia’s considerably obvious lack of international alliances. He said: “The biggest problem with our military and political situation is that we are in total geopolitical isolation and the whole world is against us, even if we don’t want to admit it.” Don't miss:NATO military strength: How does NATO compare to Russia? [ANALYSIS]Ukraine LIVE: Putin plots to STARVE world - Russia unleashes new laser [REVEAL]Putin to use ‘increased savagery’ in desperate effort in Donbas region [REPORT] He added: “We need to resolve this situation.” In his analysis of Ukrainian military performance, Mr Khodaryonok had praised the defiance and morale of troops as they defend their “motherland.” He hinted at Russian defeat as he said: “Ultimately victory on the battlefield is determined by the high morale of troops, who are spilling blood for those ideas they’re ready to fight for.” His most recent address conflicted the earlier acclaim surrounding Ukrainian forces as Mr Khodaryonok dispelled “rumours” spread by Ukrainian leaders “that they’re allegedly having major successes.”   