Liverpool forward Sadio Mane is reportedly 'seduced' by the prospect of joining Barcelona and is in the La Liga giants' sights as they search for reinforcements this summer. The 30-year-old could be an alternative to Mohamed Salah and others as he approaches the final year of his contract at Anfield. According to Mundo Deportivo, Mane would be 'delighted' to switch Liverpool for Barcelona, who know of his desire and consider him a 'top player'. Xavi Hernandez believes the Senegalese superstar is 'within reach' in the pursuit of his latest attacking signing as Blaugrana manager. Barcelona have shown interest in Erling Haaland, Robert Lewandowski and Mane's teammate Salah ahead of the summer. However, Haaland could be confirmed as a Manchester City player this week, Bayern Munich are playing hardball on Lewandowski, and Salah's salary demands are too high. Mane is in the frame, though, and the report claims that if he can leave Liverpool, his 'dream' is to arrive in La Liga, particularly with Barcelona. He believes he will have more chance of winning the Ballon d'Or in Spain than in England, of which Barca are 'perfectly aware'. JUST IN: Arsenal 'plot move for Porto winger Pepe' in summer transfer window Mane is said to be fully focused on finishing the season, and potentially his Liverpool career, with a flourish in the Premier League, Champions League and FA Cup. But his agent 'knows what he wants, and Barca do too' ahead of a busy summer transfer window across Europe. The Spanish outfit could face competition for Mane's signature, with Bayern also sniffing around Merseyside. On Monday, Sky Germany claimed that his agent had even met the Bundesliga champions for negotiations about a potential move, with his contract talks with Liverpool 'difficult'. READ MORE: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp sends huge cry to stars and warns Man City Jurgen Klopp has been building the future of his attack in recent transfer windows, welcoming Diogo Jota and Luis Diaz to the club. Jota has regularly started as a striker since his arrival, limiting Roberto Firmino's game time. But Klopp's preferred front three since recruiting Diaz in January has featured the Colombian on the left with Mane down the middle. With Firmino's role going forward uncertain and Salah's contract also ticking down, if Mane leaves in the summer, it would feel like the start of the end of one of the most formidable front threes in Premier League history. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.