Towards the end of last month, several mysterious explosions were reported in the breakaway Moldovan territory, Transnistria. The developments have raised eyebrows that the Russian invasion of Ukraine could extend to Moldova, with 1,500 troops from Moscow already based in the region. Transnistria is a 249-mile long strip of land at the border of Moldava and Ukraine, which is inhabited by some 470,000 people. Internationally, it’s recognised as part of Moldova but since 1992 it’s been under the control of separatists in a de-facto Government. Even though Russia does not officially recognise Transnistria as an independent country, it retains its autonomy today thanks largely to the military support provided by the Russian army.  READ MORE: Putin could 'tip' France into war with Russia, security analyst warns The spate of explosions seen before the end of April led to accusations from officials in Transnistria that Ukrainian "infiltrators" were responsible. The explosions targeted:  Meanwhile, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has blamed Russian special services. No casualties were reported but the explosions have nonetheless raised concerns, with Ukrainian and Moldovan authorities warning they were part of Russia's alleged plan to destabilise Moldova's Government. Phil Osborn, the former UK Chief of Defence Intelligence and Director at Universal Defence and Security Solutions, told Express.co.uk that he considers international pressure on Moldova to be “cynical and not at all surprising”. He said: “Russia has a long history of stoking tensions across different parts of Europe, in order to destabilise and to give it an excuse to intervene when it chooses. And this is what we are seeing play out with Moldova.  DON'T MISS: Putin propagandist warns Russia has 'no way back' from nuclear attack [INSIGHT]How the UK, US and their allies could respond to a nuclear attack [EXPLAINER]Russia threatens to make UK 'radioactive wasteland'  [NEWS] “By talking up the supposed threat to Transnistria, and perhaps reinforcing this narrative with false flag operations in Transnistria, Russia is at a minimum seeking to distract Ukrainian and Western attention away from the east of Ukraine. “Perhaps forcing Ukraine to commit some of its forces to cover this possible threat from the South. “At worst, Russia is giving itself a pretext to push even further West, beyond Odesa and into Moldova.” The invasion of Ukraine, an ex-Soviet country, last February upped anxieties in other nations that were previously joined to the bloc, of similar incursions being launched.  In the past, Russian President Vladimir Putin has described the collapse of the Soviet empire, in 1991, as “the greatest geopolitical catastrophe of the century”. Russia may also view it as a more achievable goal to capture Transnistria given Moldova is not a member of either the European Union (EU) or the military pact NATO. As a result, the will from the West to directly intervene in a conflict there, like in Ukraine, may not be as strong if a similar attack was launched elsewhere. A flare-up in Transnistria could also destabilise Moldova and open up a new front in the Ukraine war. Odesa, Ukraine's key port city, lies just east of Transnistria. Should Russia choose to reinforce Transnistria it might then advance on Odesa from the West. Doing so would divert Ukrainian forces who are already seriously stretched and change the dynamic of the war. However, Mr Osborn cautioned that whether Moscow has the strength to take over Transnistria remains to be seen given how drawn out the conflict in Ukraine has become. He added: “Whether Russia has the military power to push out towards Transnistria and Moldova, at least in the short- to medium-term, is not at all clear. “It is struggling to gain momentum in the East and hence cannot afford to shift any significant military forces towards Moldova.” 