Manchester United boss Ralf Rangnick has pledged to ‘do his best’ when he becomes a consultant at the end of the season. The German has been speaking ahead of tonight’s Premier League clash with Brentford. And the Red Devils will want to finish the campaign on a positive note as they look to qualify for the Europa League. Manchester United have endured a tough season under both Rangnick and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, despite the summer captures of Jadon Sancho, Raphael Varane and Cristiano Ronaldo. Rangnick was brought in to steady the ship and he’ll be replaced by Erik ten Hag at the end of the campaign. The 63-year-old is then poised to become a consultant and, speaking to club media ahead of tonight’s game with Brentford, has vowed to do all he can to assist the club. “It will be a similar privilege to remain involved in the future in a consultancy role and I am feeling energised and determined to do my best in that position, and help restore this club to the high standards it demands and deserves,” he said. “Thank you for all your support.” Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Rangnick also told United fans that the future can be bright and that he can see how much this season has wounded supporters. “This season has clearly been a very difficult one for everyone at the club, and from the short time I have been here I can see how much everyone is hurting,” he said. “There have been some good moments, but we never built enough positive momentum to allow our confidence to increase and ultimately we were unable to rescue the season. “I want to be clear, though: this is not the fall of Manchester United; this is a stumble along the way and, when you stumble, you have to think quickly and clearly to regain your balance so you can carry on moving forward. “That is the position we are in as a club and if we have clarity in our actions from now on, we can make some big steps in the right direction. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag “As I have said publicly, the steps that we need to take as a club are fairly clear. “We have had a lot of discussions internally and know what has to happen. “We need to be smart and decisive in our actions around the club, and we have started the process by making a very exciting managerial appointment with Erik ten Hag. “When he arrives from Ajax next month, he joins a fantastic institution with great pedigree and, most importantly, great potential. “To finish on a personal note, I have felt great warmth from Manchester United supporters since I came over in December, and it has been a genuine honour to be manager of this incredible club, even in an interim capacity.” THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz It will be Rangnick’s last home game in charge of United. And, when asked if that was significant, he said: “Yeah, but it’s significant for everybody in the club, not only for the players who might not be here anymore. “It’s also important that we show a top mentality and attitude and performance at home in the last game. “In most of the games, I enjoyed it but obviously we had some games where we were just 1-0 up and gave away too many points. “In those moments, it’s not so enjoyable but overall the support by the fans is massive, it’s great. It’s one of the biggest things this club has. “The stadium… I spoke to Thomas Tuchel before the game and he said to me ‘what a stadium, what an atmosphere’, and this is really great for everybody. I enjoyed that very much.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And he’s been impressed by Brentford, too, and how they’ve fared during their first season in the Premier League. “You could even see that in their first game, I remember watching it on TV,” he said. “They won 2-0 against Arsenal, they won two or three weeks ago 4-1 at Chelsea, at Stamford Bridge. “We had our problems in the first game, in the first half. “We could have been 2-0 down and we could only manage to change and turn the game in the second half. This will again not be an easy game for us.”