Britain's Got Talent opened its first semi-final with a high energy performance from the cast of the West End musical Moulin Rouge. The judges were transported to France as they were surrounded by high-kicking dancers and fabulous singers. Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly arrived by floating heart to introduce the judges, and Amanda Holden's glamourous look had viewers talking.  Amanda, 51, wore a glitzy Rami Kadi gown that swooped across one shoulder with her hair slicked back in a wet-look style. Sat alongside the equally glamorously dressed Simon Cowell, David Walliams and Alesha Dixon, it was clear the judges pulled out all the stops after waiting two years for a live semi-final. The TV star posted a short fashion video of herself wearing the dress to her Instagram account as the show started, which encouraged fans and friends to comment with their praise for Amanda. Rachel Hall simply said: "Absolutely stunning" a sentiment that @mrmusels echoed as she added: "You're so stunningly beautiful. You look absolutely gorgeous, Amanda." Read More: 'Want to go and punch their lights out' Jane McDonald fumes as filming interrupted   @rebecca_jarjoura stated: "Love a good golden Holden moment [Fire emoji]." If Andy Percival had his way, the judge would have made it straight to the final based on her outfit as he said: "Absolutely gorgeous. Golden Buzzer." "Christ almighty, wow Amanda. You look exquisite," @apbrookes64_ chimed in. Despite the outpouring of love online, there were a few fashion critics amongst them.   Watching her live on TV, Grant Rivers was not a fan of her look and tweeted: "Why does Amanda look like she's just got out of the shower?! #BritainsGotTalent #BGT." Traci Ann @t_catttt jabbed: "Has Amanda been swimming... and just turned up with wet to dry hair! #BGT." Amanda's raunchy outfits have previously received multiple Ofcom complaints. With her wardrobe now being a key talking point, the star has embraced this and is choosing to confidently wear what she wants regardless of what anyone says. DON’T MISS…Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly pays tribute to former co-star as she lands 1932 role [LATEST]Where are the original cast of Midsomer Murders now? [LATEST]'You've outed me' Alison Hammond shuts down Dermot O'Leary as he shares romance status [LATEST] Previously, she told The Sun: "My t*ts seem to become the show's biggest talking point every year." "Will people be complaining to Ofcom? I hope so, I really do. I haven't done my job if they aren't." With the acts for the first semi-final only revealed on the night, the acts came as a surprise to the judges. Making the line-up for the first show were acts singer Mel Day, impressionist Suzi Wild, magician Junwoo, ventriloquist Jamie Leahey, spooky magic act The Witches, London Gospel Community Choir, dance troupe Born to Perform, and singer Maxwell Thorpe.    Born to Perform was David's Golden Buzzer act. In each semi-final, one of the Golden acts will compete alongside seven other performances. The remaining Golden Buzzer performers include Loren Allred, Axel Blake, Keiichi Iwasaki and Flintz and T4ylor. Britain's Got Talent continues on Tuesday, May 31, at 8 pm on ITV and is available on ITV Hub. 