Dan Walker, 45, has offered his support to Deborah James, 40, and her family in response to the sad news she announced on Monday evening. Author, presenter and podcast host Deborah James made the sad announcement on Monday night that she has stopped active care for her bowel cancer. She wrote on Twitter: “The tweet I never wanted to write. “The time has come to say goodbye. Five years to prepare, doesn’t make it any easy. “I’m under hospice at home care, & I’m spending my time surrounded by my family. “Please buy me a [drink] to see me out and raise [vital] funds.” READ MORE: BBC's Deborah James bids farewell as she moves to hospice at home care She shared a link to the fundraising page. In view of his 755,000 social media followers, Dan shared his sympathies and offered support during this devastating time. He wrote: “Heartbreaking news Deborah. Thinking of you and your family. “Thank you for opening up so many important conversations over the last few years.” Many social media users took to the comments of Deborah’s post to share their sadness over the news and to offer their support. Deborah has admitted that neither she nor doctors know how long she has left, as she has been updating her fans on her ongoing battle with bowel cancer. On Tuesday morning’s edition of BBC Breakfast, Dan joined his co-presenter Sally Nugent to pay tribute to Deborah as they opened up to viewers about their colleague's battle with terminal bowel cancer. Sally fought back tears as she spoke about Deborah as Dan spoke about the emotional social media post. DON'T MISS:Bill Turnbull reacts to Deborah James' fight amid his cancer battle [UPDATE]Britt Ekland: Peter Sellers 'had everything' before 'he destroyed it' [LATEST]Dennis Waterman spent last years ‘doing f*** all’ in Spain [NEWS] Dan began: “One of the most-read stories on BBC News and being shared online is about Bowel Babe podcast host Deborah James. “Deborah told her Instagram fans yesterday it was a message she never wanted to write but she is now receiving hospice at-home care for bowel cancer. “She said, ‘Nobody knows how long I have left,’ adding it’s been a heartbreaking six months surrounded by love. “Huge response to that on Instagram, right across social media.” Speaking to Sally, he continued: “We’ve spent quite a bit of time with her on this programme and people feel they know her really well and to hear that, even though you know she’s been ill for such a long time, and she’s spoken a lot about what will happen to her eventually, it’s that shock moment of it happening now.” Deborah gained fans following her diagnosis with stage three bowel cancer in 2016, which went on to become incurable.