Poet Hussain Manawer, who refers to himself as The Original Mummy's Boy, was invited onto Good Morning Britain to discuss his new poetry book. When hosts Susanna Reid and Ben Shephard asked Hussain to read a piece to ITV viewers, he chose to share a powerful poem about losing his mother. Scores of viewers were brought to tears by the "beautiful" poem which resonated with them. Hussain was interviewed about his book Life is Sad and Beautiful by Susanna and Ben, who were both keen to hear some of his work. The poet was keen to read a particular poem about his mother's death which moved many viewers. One particularly touching line he read said: "When no one's looking, throw me down a white rose. And if it lands in my lap my theory will be true, mum. Heaven does have a balcony." Danny Denay took to Twitter following Hussain's segment, commenting: "Caught me off guard, [so] impactful. Well done son." Angela Coulter added: "Your poem made me cry. My mum had a stroke, I lost a lot of her. I am still grateful for what I still have. I am very close to her. I am so sorry to learn about your mum and I am sure she is proud of you and looking down. God bless." READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Tim Metcalfe gets devastating health update Angela Coulter added: "Your poem made me cry. My mum had a stroke, I lost a lot of her. I am still grateful for what I still have. I am very close to her. I am so sorry to learn about your mum and I am sure she is proud of you and looking down. God bless." Katrina Golding said: "I lost my mum and dad, this poem had me in tears, will definitely be buying this book." Leslie Fernandez added: "A million people in tears this morning watching #HussainManawer on #GMB reading out his poem about his Mum...Fab!" (sic) Jackie Taylor commented: "Hussain Manawer made me cry this morning, his poem is amazing."  @BlaiseBlasing remarked: "Wow - that beautiful reading just stopped our whole crazy, getting ready for school chaos in its tracks and now I’m sat here crying. Absolutely beautiful @HussainManawer." The studio fell silent as Hussain spent two and a half minutes reading the poem in full. He read: "When you were there laying I instantly started praying, I didn't know what I was saying, I didn't know what price it would cost from that night I would forever be paying. "I'd give my life for you to be here staying, bringing glory to the garden, elegance to the kitchen, a home full of love, dance through the living room, childhood memories of Action Man dolls and dinosaurs, making tents of blankets playing.  DON'T MISS...Susanna Reid launches Twitter attack on Gove after VAT row [REACTION]Susanna Reid tears into Gove over rising energy bills [INTERVIEW]Insulate Britain protester shamed 'You'll sit in front of a car!' [DEBATE]  "I miss you so much and every night I etch your name on the inside valve of my heart, your smile, your voice I keep replaying. "Wide awake, insomnia laying, feeling the weight of heartbreak that sat on my chest, and it's a heavy one down on me." His poem was met with applause in the studio and both Ben and Susanna were touched by his words. Hussain, who is from Ilford, Essex, turned to poetry after his mother died suddenly of an instant brain aneurysm five years ago.  The poet has previously said her death changed his life forever and he suffered severe depression and anxiety. As he grieved he started to write his emotions down and his poetry soon struck a chord with people around the globe. He featured on an AppleTV+ documentary in 2021 called The Me You Can't See which was produced by Prince Harry and Oprah Winfrey Good Morning Britain continues on weekdays at 6am on ITV. 