Aymeric Laporte has become the first Manchester City player to react to news of Erling Haaland joining the club ahead of the summer transfer window. City have been looking to bring in a central striker ever since Sergio Aguero left the club last summer. Harry Kane was the top option last year, but Tottenham refused to budge despite City reportedly being prepared to pay £150million. But City soon switched their focus to 2022 with Haaland's cut-price release clause becoming active. The Norway international has been the most coveted striker in world football for his rise to superstardom at Borussia Dortmund. Still just 21 years of age, Haaland is already seen as one of the world's deadliest strikers. Real Madrid, Barcelona and Paris Saint-Germain were among the elite clubs looking to sign Haaland. But City stole a march on their European rivals in recent weeks and have finally reached a breakthrough. JUST IN: Man City boss Pep Guardiola all but confirms Erling Haaland transfer  Pep Guardiola's side confirmed that an agreement had been reached with City for Haaland to move to the Etihad in the summer. And Laporte has jokingly stated that he is looking forward to not having to worry about marking Haaland ever again following his move. He tweeted: "Happy not to be running after this guy for the next couple of years. Welcome Erling." DON'T MISS  Haaland has only faced off against City twice in his career, both in last year's Champions League campaign. The striker was unable to score in either leg of their quarter-final match up with City winning both ties 2-1. But Haaland's overall scoring record rivals the best in Europe since he joined Dortmund in January 2020. This season he has found the net 28 times in just 29 games across all competitions. In total, Haaland has scored an incredible 85 goals in 88 games for Dortmund along with providing 23 assists. He joins a City team who are already enjoying a dominant spell in the Premier League and are on the verge of a fourth title in five years. Guardiola's side have also scored more than any other Premier League side this season, averaging nearly three goals a game. 