After two years during which staff were vilified for enforcing Covid rules and overlooked in a public sector wage rise, they have warned ministers time is running out. The new head of the Police Federation of England and Wales (PFEW) said since 2010 officers had had a 20 per cent real-terms pay cut. Steve Hartshorn added: "Police pay is a legitimate concern that will have a knock-on effect to public safety through retention of both experienced and newly recruited police officers." On the eve of the federation's Manchester conference under the slogan Fighting for Fairness, he added: "If pay and conditions remain poor and the Government continues to ignore policing as a key emergency service, it is the public who suffer direct consequences. "This disparity will further increase with the rapid rise in costs of living." The federation's demands to Home Secretary Priti Patel include: a real-terms wage increase to reflect the demands and dangers of the role, an independent pay mechanism with binding recommendations, to be treated "on par" with other emergency services workers, and a "reset" of the relationship with ministers. The average UK salary is £38,131 but constables begin on £21,402. It claims some members use food banks while more than three-quarters of police say they have mental health or wellbeing difficulties. Ms Patel aims to attract 20,000 more police by 2023 - 13,576 have joined the 43 forces, making 142,526 serving officers. The Home Office denied there was "a deteriorating relationship", adding: "It is the role of the Police Remuneration Review Body to consider and make recommendations to the Government on the appropriate level of pay." Fair pay has emerged as one of the major concerns in maintaining acceptable standards of working conditions. Police officers in England and Wales have been unfairly denied a pay rise for the last 12 years - that means they have endured a 20 per cent real-terms pay cut since 2010. There is an opportunity now to rectify and reposition the deal. Our campaign, seeking fair and equitable pay, must be listened to by Government. Unlike other professions, police officers are not employed by a contract and remain at the mercy of decisions made by the Government. The vast majority are caring individuals who want to do their best and serve the public with pride. We are making sustained efforts to engage our membership, the public we serve and their elected representatives so that our jobs are better understood and appreciated. Police officers must be treated fairly. They should be allowed to perform their jobs free from party politics and without restrictions that have arisen from a severe lack of funding. PFEW, as the undisputed voice of policing, must not be silenced or overlooked by the Government. It is time for change.