Liverpool fans were mocked by their Southampton counterparts at a packed St. Mary's Stadium on Tuesday evening after the Saints faithful sang the national anthem in response to the Reds booing it in their FA Cup final tie against Chelsea on Saturday.  Fans of the Merseysiders were frowned upon by rival supporters and officials alike for jeering the national anthem under the famous arch at the weekend. Prince William, Boris Johnson and more aired their concern at the action, whilst others heavily condemned the booing. However, upon Liverpool's trip to Southampton on Tuesday evening in the Premier League, fans of the Saints mocked the incident by singing the national anthem themselves. Liverpool fans replied with "F**k the tories" in response to their wind-up. But the 15th-placed side didn't stop there, with their music system playing The Sex Pistols' "God Save the Queen", followed up by "Two Princes" by the Spin Doctors. The response garnered laughter from Southampton fans. House of Commons Speaker Sir Lindsay Hoyle voiced his criticism over the incident in the capital. "I utterly condemn any fans who booed Prince William at Wembley. The FA Cup final should be an occasion when we come together as a country," Hoyle said. "It should not be ruined by a minority of fans' totally shameful behaviour. In this year of all years – the Queen's Platinum Jubilee – this is dreadful." However, Jurgen Klopp opposed the claims after understanding the reasons that Liverpool fans booed the national anthem. "I've not been here long enough to understand the reason for it," Klopp said after the game. "It's for sure something historical - and that's probably a question you can answer much better than I could ever. "The majority of our supporters are wonderful people, really smart. They understand, go through lows, go through highs, suffer together. They wouldn't do it if there was not a reason. That's what I know." The Reds went into the game needing at least a point to give themselves any sort of chance in the title race after Manchester City's draw at West Ham on Sunday. And they did just that with a hard-fought 2-1 win after goals from Takumi Minamino and Joel Matip gave them all three points on the south coast. They will have to hope that City drop points against Aston Villa.