Brenda Blethyn has played the icon DCI Vera Stanhope since the ITV series began in 2011. In the beginning, the straight-talking detective worked alongside her sidekick Joe Ashworth (played by David Leon). However, Joe decided to leave in 2014, which is when he was replaced by fresh-faced Aiden Healy (Kenny Doughty). The duo didn't get along at first as they clearly had different methods when it came to solving a crime. However, they soon cleared things up and Vera and Aiden have been side by side ever since. In a recent interview, leading lady Brenda opened up about what it was like shooting for the series. The actress went on to discuss how the production team create the scenes and backdrops for where they film. READ MORE: Emmerdale’s Jeff Hordley criticises soap character Cain Dingle The 76-year-old said: "This is like the ‘Best Of’! We have almost everywhere in the North East covered. "We’ve got wind farms, shipping docks, the coastline, the city centre, a disused Quarry. The production design created these spaces." Speaking about what viewers don't see on-screen, the DCI Stanhope star paid a tribute to the production team for creating the Vera set. She continued: "If we were working in a very small flat and that location was real, what had to happen was that flat had to then be built and replicated in a studio so we could safely (in terms of Covid) have all the crew there to shoot it. "They would make it with removable walls and a lot of space so everyone could be there," the actress added. "That’s what you obviously don’t see on screen," Brenda went on to explain. "Those behind the scenes elements really excite me and I have a lot of respect for the design team enabling that to happen." Production for series 12 is currently underway as Brenda and Kenny have been spotted filming in Newcastle. DON'T MISS...NCIS Los Angeles season 13 finale: Is Callen leaving NCIS LA? [CAST]Antiques Roadshow guest gobsmacked by value of war hero’s medals [VIDEO]Jane McDonald shares glimpse into love life as she bids farewell [INSIGHT] Kenny, who plays Aiden, went on to speak about the exclusive access they had when filming for one episode in particular. "One that always sticks out is the opening episode of series seven when we went to the Farne Islands for filming," Kenny recalled. "There was something lovely about having that very special and exclusive access to that location. "It’s a habitat for seals and many species of seabirds. You need to access the island by boat and you can see the dolphins swimming around in the sea and so many different birds." Earlier this week, ITV bosses gave an update on when the cast and crew will wrap up filming. A spokesperson for ITV told The Northern Echo they are expected to finish filming for series 12 in Autumn. However, much to fans' disappointment, they could not confirm when the final two episodes of series 11 would be broadcast. Although, they went on to reveal there would be four feature-length episodes in series 12. Vera is expected to air on ITV later this year.