Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has reportedly told Frenkie de Jong the club will only be without Champions League football for one year. The 52-year-old is eager to reunite with the Barcelona star, with the duo previously working together at Ajax. And though a deal won’t be straightforward, talk of a potential move to Old Trafford continues to gather momentum. Manchester United are losing Nemanja Matic this summer, with the Serbia international expected to move to Jose Mourinho’s Roma. And they’re also expected to see Paul Pogba leave as well, with Juventus currently the frontrunners in the race to sign the 2018 World Cup winner. United have, therefore, registered an interest in De Jong. The Barcelona star has often struggled for consistency during his time at the Nou Camp and, with the club needing to balance their finances, could be cut loose this summer for a big price. And Sport say Ten Hag has already called De Jong ‘several times’ as the Red Devils look to secure the midfielder’s signature. It’s stated that Ten Hag has told the midfielder that the club will only be without Champions League football for a year. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings United will be playing in the Europa League next term after finishing sixth in the table. But Ten Hag, it seems, is confident of steering them back to the big time at the first time of asking. De Jong, for now, has made it clear his preference is to stay at Barcelona. But it’ll be interesting to see what happens given how much United, and Ten Hag specifically, want the 25-year-old. A midfielder isn’t the only signing United want to make this summer as they plan for a brighter future. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag They want a right-back at a time where Aaron Wan-Bissaka is expected to leave, having failed to live up to expectations during his three years at Old Trafford. A centre-back is also being targeted, too, amid links to Villarreal’s Pau Torres and Ajax’s Jurrien Timber. And United also want to bolster their attack, with Edinson Cavani and Anthony Martial heading for the exit door. The Red Devils had a good record with Dutch signings during the years Sir Alex Ferguson ruled the roost. Jape Stam, Ruud van Nistelrooy, Robin van Persie and Edwin van der Sar were all successes, with the quartet achieving success during their spells at the club. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz But, since the Scot left, United’s record has become more hit and miss. Daley Blind was a solid, if unspectacular, asset during his four years with the Red Devils. Memphis Depay was a flop after arriving from PSV Eindhoven back in the summer transfer window of 2015, while the jury remains out on Donny van de Beek. Speaking earlier in the season, meanwhile, Liverpool icon John Barnes insisted De Jong would be the perfect replacement for Pogba at United. “Frenkie de Jong would be a brilliant signing for Manchester United,” Barnes told BonusCodeBets. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “It looks like Paul Pogba is on his way out of the club so bringing in a replacement for him is very important. “Especially if that person is a young and talented player who will get the opportunity to be one of the main players at the club. “He has everything in terms of passing range, intensity and a great attitude. It’s exactly what Manchester United need in midfield. “That was their plan with Donny van de Beek, but of course he’s been stifled by other players in his position playing better than him. “However, bringing De Jong in and putting him straight into the side and being trusted would be good for both Manchester United and him.” Pick up tomorrow's Daily Express and get a FREE £2 Shop Bet with William Hill which can be used on the Champions League Final! 18+. Terms apply. See tomorrow's paper for your voucher.