Monty Don has been at the forefront as the lead presenter of the much loved BBC show since 2003. His presence on the show has been loved by viewers over the years, and tune in each week to watch Monty give out the best gardening advice. However, when viewers tuned in on Friday evening, they were left disappointed when he wasn't on their screens and took to social media to express their sadness. Many fans were eager to see Monty on their screens for their weekly fix of gardening advice, especially since summer has come into full swing. However, many were disappointed at the recent BBC episode and took to their social media to ask where Monty was and why he wasn't presenting. Katherine Birkett commented: "No, Monty? TRAGEDY. #GardenersWorld." Chris O'Donoghue added: "Where’s Monty? We need him! #shoutyhalfhour." READ MORE: Jennie Bond details why royals will NOT stand with Prince Andrew @Sally69257990 also weighed in on the social media site to ask: "Where's Monty?" Clara Sinclair fumed: "NO! No Monty on a Friday evening? The end of my week was supposed to get better, not worse!" (sic) Despite the calls for a reason as to where he was, Monty has not explained why he was missing from the action, but he wasn't far away from the cameras. On the day of filming for Gardeners' World, Monty was giving talks and gardening presentations to visitors at the RHS's Malvern Spring Festival. Whilst Monty was away for a week, he handed over his presenting duties to Adam Frost and Arit Anderson. They gave an exciting insight into some of this year's must-have flowers and plants that were on display at the Floral Marque. Luckily for Monty fans, it looks as if he will be back on screens soon as he took to his Instagram and shared a snap of his golden retriever Nell and Yorkshire terrier Patti. The caption for the image read: "Ready for action," which suggests that camera crews were back filming in his garden. DON'T MISS...Monty Don sparks frenzy as he announces 'perfect' new family arrival [INSIGHT]Gardening: Monty Don shares ‘the best way’ to deadhead tulips [LATEST]‘Sow it now’: Monty Don shares his ‘rule’ for growing basil [WATCH] Monty recently revealed that he will be hitting the road with his new tour later this year, travelling across the UK, Scotland and Wales over 10 days. The gardening fanatic was recently joined on the show during the last series by the Duchess of Cornwall, where she received a detailed tour of his home. Admiring the plants, she expressed: "I think gardens got people through Covid, they realised how special a garden was. "[Seeing] what they could do with it, they could become inventive, even if they hadn't before, they could start growing vegetables. "It was a sort of spiritual experience for them. They discovered a sort of affinity with the soil, didn't they? "You can go into a garden, and you can completely lose yourself, you don't have to think about anything else, you're surrounded by nature. "You've got birds singing, you've got bees buzzing about, there is something very healing about gardening." Gardeners' World airs Friday from 8pm on BBC Two.