Citing research from the University of Oxford, the "largest [study] of its kind" involving 2.5 million men, an increasing waistline was connected to a higher risk of premature death. In fact, an addition of four inches to a waistline increased the risk of death from prostate cancer by seven percent. Dr Sara added that 52,000 people are affected by prostate cancer each year, which makes the results of the study significant. Visceral fat "lines and sticks around the organs", which ultimately causes health issues. "Men are more susceptible to be apple-shaped," Dr Sara said live on ITV's This Morning, but this doesn't mean women are safe. While women are more prone to hold fat in the "gluteal region", meaning the buttocks, women with high visceral fat reserves are twice as likely to develop womb cancer. Dr Sara evidenced a study from the University of Glasgow, where 40,000 people were observed over an eight-year period. READ MORE: The 'common' disorder that could lead to severe muscle pain and fatigue – hypothyroidism Described as a "reasonable study", the research revealed that women who have high visceral fat stores are also at increased risk of: How to know how much visceral fat you have Dr Sara advised to measure your waist circumference, which should be "less than half of your height". She gave the example today on Monday, May 9 that if you're 5ft 4inches, then to be considered in the healthy range, your waist must be 29 inches. However, add two more inches on that, measuring 32 inches, and your health is at risk. How to reduce visceral fat Dr Sara said plainly reducing visceral fat "comes down to exercise [and] diet". "Eat mindfully," she advised, adding that people should "appreciate the taste on your plate". "Don't shovel it in," Dr Sara emphasised, noting that mindful eating is one of the key ways to maintain a healthy body weight. If you need to lose weight, however, the doctor is not a fan of restricting your diet. To help shed the pounds in a healthy way, Dr Sara is more focused on people "eating more of the right foods", namely plant-based foods. "It's OK to snack," she assured, but again it's about the "right foods", such as nuts. Nuts "stabilise blood sugar and help you to feel fuller for longer". In addition, it is wise to limit alcohol as it is high in calories. "Don't attempt crash diets... they don't work," cautioned Dr Sara. "In terms of exercise, it's about finding the right balance... a lot of people go too hard, too soon," said Dr Sara. She wants people to "find the joy" in exercise and not risk any unnecessary injuries. By finding activities you enjoy, and by incrementally increasing fitness levels, you can help to get rid of visceral fat.