While not all cholesterol is bad for your body, the type known as LDL can put you at a greater risk of further health problems. That’s why it’s important to keep your levels in check. Monika Wassermann, who is a Medical Director at Olio Lusso, shared the signs that could help spot it. Wassermann said: “Generally, high cholesterol levels have no specific signs or symptoms. “A blood test is required to identify high cholesterol levels.” Due to this lack of symptoms, the health condition is often dubbed as silent. Fortunately, the expert listed the warning signs that could help identify “excess cholesterol” in your body. READ MORE: Cancer: Milk thistle shown to have ‘strong preventive and therapeutic efficacy’ to help  She continued: “Here are some warnings I recommend you be cautious of as they might indicate excess cholesterol amounts in the body.” One tell-tale sign could appear in your legs and feet presenting as numbness. This signals that plaque formation has developed in your arteries and other blood vessels. Other problems signalling the plaque formation can be: pale nails, cases of stroke and heart attacks. Wassermann added these tell-tale signs to the gloomy list: “I strongly advise you to seek immediate medical help if you experience any of the above symptoms,” she recommended. Even though these warning signs can indicate high levels of cholesterol, the most reliable way to find what your levels are remains getting a blood test. Your doctor may either take blood from your arm or do a finger-prick test, the NHS shares. Once you get the confirmation of high cholesterol, a medical professional will determine the best course of treatment for you. Luckily, there’s lots you can do to get your levels to drop, ranging from lifestyle changes to medication. For example, cholesterol-lowering diet focuses on cutting down on fatty food rich in saturated fat. The NHS recommends eating more of: Physical activity such as at least 150 minutes of exercise weekly could also help. Other useful lifestyle tweaks include quitting smoking and cutting down on alcohol. However, some people might have to start taking a medicine called statins to avoid further health problems.