Priya (played by Fiona Wade) has been seen in the background of Leyla (Roxy Shahidi) and Suzy Merton's (Martelle Edinborough) growing friendship on Emmerdale as she has been helping them with their clients at Take A Vow. Little does she know, her two colleagues are actually taking drugs behind her back and she has been kept in the dark about 'business meetings' which have turned out to be a drug-fuelled party. However, in next week's episodes of the ITV soap, she finds herself on the wrong side of Leyla as the villager struggles to get her hands on some cocaine. The drama begins when Leyla snaps at Priya when she discovers the Sharma woman has upset some important clients they are trying to work with. Normally, she would be more understanding but because she has no drugs on hand and is suffering from withdrawals, her moods become a lot more erratic. As she goes off to fix her colleague's mistake, she leaves Priya to speak with a journalist who has come to interview them for a bridal magazine. Along the way to her meeting, the villager bumps into Suzy and thinks she has a plan to get her hands on some drugs for a quick fix. Although she knows the newcomer has given up her partying lifestyle, Leyla believes she could still have a bag of cocaine in her bag. READ MORE: Sally Nugent has head in hands after sharing Carol engagement Unfortunately, as she starts looking in Suzy's bag when her friend goes to the bathroom, she is caught red-handed by the newcomer. Trying to explain herself, Leyla stumbles and squirms but it seems her friend isn't buying any excuse she is trying to tell her. Suzy rips into Leyla for continuing to take drugs and gives up on her as there seems to be no getting through to her about it. Back at Take A Vow, Priya is left upset when the journalist explains they are going to need to take some pictures for the article. Still conscious of the scars she got after the maze fire last year, the beloved villager is left in a state of panic. When Leyla returns to the office and discovers the journalist has left already, she goes mad at Priya for letting them leave. Embarrassed and shocked at seeing her colleague in this state, Priya is left in tears as she doesn't know what to say to make things better. Jai Sharma (Chris Bisson) steps in to speak with Leyla as he is absolutely furious about the way she spoke to his sister. However, he is baffled when his former lover apologises for her behaviour and he becomes a lot more sympathetic towards her. He opens up about his addiction problems and how it has impacted his life as an example of why she shouldn't lose her cool with those who are closest to her. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale star Ash Palmisciano pays tribute to ‘role model’ late mum [COMMENT]Emmerdale star Liam Fox shows off fairytale home with co-star wife [PICTURES]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock 'shocked' over 'sheer weight' of stroke plot [COMMENT] The businessman makes a mistake, unknowingly, as he tells Leyla he still has his dealer's phone number on hand on a piece of paper. Wanting to get her hands on the number, she tells Jai to burn the paper as a way of letting go of his past once and for all. It seems she will try to get her hands on the number to get a drug fix as soon as possible but things could take a very drastic turn. As she struggles to get hold of the dealer and her mood gets even more erratic, Priya could come to the office to try and make peace. With Leyla all over the place, she could launch into a furious tirade at her colleague and end up pushing her forcefully against the wall. What she might not realise is Priya's head hit a coat hanger and the beloved villager would be suffering from huge blood loss. She could leave Priya crying in the office but when she returns, after getting her hands on some drugs, she could realise she has accidentally killed her friend. As panic suddenly starts to rise, Leyla could call the authorities and claim an unknown robber must have killed her colleague. Before they arrive on the scene, however, she would clear the CCTV footage, getting rid of any evidence which could link back to her. However, how long will she get away with murder and will she confess her deadly secret to one of her closest allies in the village? Earlier this year, executive producer Jane Hudson, teased a big storyline for Leyla and the impact it would have on her life. The soap boss told Express.co.uk and other media: "Leyla has a big storyline coming up in 2022. "We've seen her be a huge support to Liam through the loss of his daughter Leanna but is all as it seems? "Is Leyla really coping as well as she seems to on the surface, or is there a bit more going on there that we'll uncover?" Could Jane have been hinting Leyla's behaviour would lead to death? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.