Gardening expert Alan Titchmarsh often shares his garden and plant advice on his Instagram account. The 73-year-old gave his Instagram followers a glimpse inside his greenhouse last May. The greenhouse was full of flowers, mainly pelargoniums. He said the greenhouse is only kept “frost free” in winter and has no heat in it. He said: “At this time of year, all the pelargoniums that we call geraniums come out and give me what I think is a cracking show. “It lifts my spirits every time I come in here. “Some of them have stories.” READ MORE: Weeding tips: ‘Super effective’ way to naturally kill paving weeds One particular variety that could be seen is what is known as “sweet mimosa”. They have pale pink clusters of flowers that have a deeper pink shade in the centre of them. Alan said there was a “story” behind the “wonderfully streaked” plants. He said: “There’s a story behind this one. DON'T MISSHow to keep foxes, badgers and cats out of your garden [INSIGHT]Kate & William: Inside Adelaide Cottage- 'much better option' for home [UPDATE]Rightmove names seaside price hotspot - average home sells for £1.2m [ANALYSIS] “Forgive me for swanking but this one was given to me by Elton John. “Well it was actually given to me by Elton John’s gardener but it came from Elton John’s greenhouse from when I visited his garden.” The particular variety of pelargonium is known for its scented leaves which Alan described as being “wonderfully aromatic”. The plants can also be propagated easily from shoot tip cuttings, according to the gardening expert. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea He said: “Take just the end three or four inches, root them inside something like this which is a little heated propagator with a heated bottom. “They root in a matter of weeks and you can pot them up. “When they’re potted up they look like small young plants that you then grow on and they eventually turn into these.” Alan showed viewers what the plants look like once they were germinated and more established.  He said the plants are “easy to grow” and just need “good light” and “not too much water”. He added: “Water them as soon as they dry and not before. “And you too could have a greenhouse like mine.” Geraniums and pelargoniums are related, and are both members of the Geraniaceae family.