After the Sussexes announced they would be returning to the UK for the festivities, security has increased around Frogmore Cottage in the grounds of Windsor Castle. This appears to be an early indication that the Sussexes will be staying at the property during the forthcoming celebratory bash.  The cottage is currently occupied by Princess Eugenie, her husband Jack Brooksbank and their son August. In 2019 the property was renovated for the Sussexes and converted into a four-bedroom-and-nursery single-family home at a reported cost of £2.4 million. However it became vacant early in 2020 when the royal couple announced they were stepping down as senior members of the royal family and would be relocating to North America. Despite this the Duke of Sussex extended his lease on the property until March 2022.   In February it was announced that the Duke had extended the lease again to ensure that he will still be domiciled in the UK. Princess Eugenie and her family took up residence in November 2020. However the existing occupants will not be moving out as according to The Sun Eugenie will be opening up guest bedrooms to allow the Sussexes to stay. Last year the Duke stayed at the cottage when he returned to the UK for his grandfather, Prince Philip's funeral. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan snubbed again as Jubilee encounters limited  The cottage was built in 1801 by Queen Charlotte and has been a Grade II listed building since 1975. Last week, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex confirmed that they will be attending the Queen's Platinum Jubilee festivities along with their children Archie and Lilibet. A spokesperson for the couple said they were "honoured” and “excited” about returning for the royal bash. They said: “Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are excited and honoured to attend The Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations this June with their children.” DON'T MISS:  Prince Charles to put his foot down and snub Eugenie's royal claim [REVEAL] Meghan and Harry POLL: Has star appeal been 'eroded' after Megxit? [INSIGHT] Meghan and Harry face £130k bill to liquidate charitable foundation  [SPOTLIGHT] As a result the Queen will be able to meet her great-granddaughter, Lilibet for the first time. Last month, the Susexes were spotted making a secret trip to Windsor to meet with the Queen and Prince Charles. Meghan and Harry flew into the UK from their home in California to meet the monarch and Prince Charles at Windsor Castle. A spokesperson for the couple confirmed the visit before they embarked on a trip to the Netherlands on April 16 for the 2022 Invictus Games. It was the first time the Duchess of Sussex had visited the UK since she stepped down as a working royal along with her husband. 