When the Moon transits the fire sign Sagittarius, energy is bold, naturally instinctive and creative. This explorer Moon might prompt you to feel more adventurous, inquisitive, and optimistic, but also increasingly mutable today. You might find yourself adapting to circumstances better by taking on a more versatile approach to responses. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for May 17. Today’s Sagittarius Moon offers more in the way of positivity, openness and buoyancy; a welcome energy following yesterday’s brooding Scorpio Moon. Cafe Astrology said: “With this Moon sign, we’re most interested in what’s just, fair, and true. We’re open and generous, and we thrive on good camaraderie. “With our great optimism, we don’t allow obstacles to bring us down. “We’re not inclined to dwell on the negative, although we can miss much if we overdo this tendency to the point of avoidance.” READ MORE: Are elephants bad luck in the home? Where to place statues for luck    However, with Mercury forming a semi-square to Venus later tonight, words might night be your strong point. Cafe Astrology said: “As we try to get the words just right, we could fall short with sensitivity. “We may be in two minds about a matter, and decisions can be hard to come by.” Although, the Sagittarius Moon will help bring some relief from any worries, as it tends to promote a more accepting and calm energy, inspiring you to take a more solution-led approach.  We’ll be heading toward a Mars-Neptune conjunction early tomorrow, which is a rare transit that takes place approximately every two years. This powerful transit can stir heightened, impassioned energies and you might feel more inclined to be more forthcoming with principled ideals and beliefs. However, it’s important to remember during these transits, not to wade too far into other people’s troubles as although you might mean well, it might not be as welcomed as you might think it is. This conjunction will take place in the sign of Pisces, which might add a more whimsical layer to the events and decisions of the day. DON'T MISS: Lunar soil can catalyse the production of oxygen and fuel [INSIGHT]Alien breakthrough as killer jellyfish might live on Jupiter’s moon [ANALYSIS]Are garden gnomes bad luck in your home? Where to place [EXPLAINED]     Cafe Astrology said: “With Mars conjunct Neptune in Pisces, we’re seeking inspiration. At the same time, concentrating on practical concerns and affairs may be challenging. “We act on our intuition, our fantasies are intense and in the foreground, and our creative impulses are potent.” The more dreamlike energy can go one of two ways. It might cause you to pull back from any intense and impassioned moves you make today, leaving - perhaps a welcomed - release of pressure, or inspire you to push forward with them.  Cafe Astrology said: “We may actively seek situations that inspire us or aim to put our fantasies into motion. “Creative pursuits that involve physical movement are highly favoured and could provide excellent outlets for excess, undirected energy.” 