The entrepreneur, who recently bought the social media platform for £34.5billion, has been asked to face the digital, culture, media and sport committee (DCMS) to answer questions on free speech. The richest man in the world vowed to improve the free speech principles of the site when he made the purchase last month. He is thought to be considering re-installing banned accounts en masse, cracking down on Russian bots, and introducing an edit button for tweets. Mr Musk has frequently tweeted about possible plans for Twitter since the proposed takeover was announced, and has also suggested that government and business accounts could face "a slight cost" to stay on the social media platform. He added that Twitter would "always" be free to "casual users". Chair of the parliamentary committee, Julian Knight, said Mr Musk's appearance in front of parliament would be a chance to find out more about the businessman's plans. READ MORE: Warning over 'dangerous' appointment of Musk at the helm of Twitter  He said: "At a time when social media companies face the prospect of tighter regulations around the world, we’re keen to learn more about how Mr Musk will balance his clear commitment to free speech with new obligations to protect Twitter’s users from online harms. "Appearing before the committee will give Mr Musk an ideal opportunity to set out his proposals for Twitter in more depth and we would look forward to welcoming him." In his letter inviting Mr Musk to appear before the committee, Mr Knight said that the committee was looking at "ways to balance civil liberties like freedom of expression with the need to tackle pernicious, pervasive online child sexual exploitation and abuse". "I know you have expressed your wish that critics remain on Twitter and this may present an opportunity to address any critiques in public," he added. "We are interested in the developments you propose. "In particular, your intention to roll out verification for all users echoes our calls on the UK Government as part of proposed legislation, which we hope will restore the UK public's trust in digital platforms." DON'T MISS:Elon Musk Twitter takeover dubbed 'storm in teacup' [REEACTION]End of cancel culture - Woke's Twitter tyranny is over! [COMMENT]Elon Musk slams haters after Twitter takeover as he eyes new purchase [INSIGHT]  While not legally required to appear before the committee, those asked to give evidence are expected to attend. Facebook's Mark Zukerberg previously sparked outrage after refusing to appear before the DCMS committee. He sent his deputy in his place. The social media entrepreneur was threatened with "contempt of parliament" - a charge that carries no penalty - for not attending.  Mr Zuckerberg was asked to appear to give evidence as part of an inquiry into disinformation and fake news. It is yet to be seen how Mr Musk will respond to the request from the Commons committee. The Tesla CEO is also facing demands to give evidence before the US congress. Senate commerce chairwoman Maria Cantwell said the committee was "think about it". 