Presenter Fiona Bruce and the Antiques Roadshow team headed to the stunning grounds of the Royal Botanic Garden Edinburgh in a recent episode, but it was some of the artefacts which stunned the team. Specialist in antiquarian books and manuscripts, Justin Croft, got his hands on a "rare" dictionary and phrasebook, one he had "never seen before". The family heirloom brought with it a remarkable story that Justin was able to shed some light on.   Expert Justin was extremely excited to see such a rare item pass through the BBC show. Quickly opening the front cover, Justin read aloud the intro to the Mandarin dictionary and phrasebook book written by Adam Grainer. The book was published in 1900 in Shanghai, and the specialist asked the owner if the author or book had any significance to her. She said: "He was my great uncle, who went out to China when he was quite young, and I think he spent most of his life in China as a missionary." Read More: 'Want to go and punch their lights out' Jane McDonald fumes as filming interrupted Examining the book closer, Justin discovered two photos of what appeared to be two different men. Justine said: "He [Her great uncle] would have gone from Scotland to China as a young man. Presumably by 1900, he became sufficiently fluent in Mandarin, which is a very difficult language to learn and write a dictionary and phrasebook in." Studying the two photos, he added: "This is the more extraordinary photograph – it's the same man." He pointed out certain features, with one photo showing her great uncle in his more westernised clothes, items he would have travelled in and lived in when he first arrived, and another with him in a "local" Chinese outfit holding a book.    Justin continued: "This is so interesting because one of their policies was that all missionaries should adopt local customs and live as far as possible as locals. "Which would absolutely explain this photograph [pointing to the second image]." Reading out the book's dedication, he said: "To Tina, Bella and Lizzie from their affectionate brother the compiler." Stating this must be a "very precious piece" the owner joked and said: "It is. Though I don't speak a word of Mandarin." DON’T MISS…Neil Dudgeon wife: Who is the Midsomer Murders star married to?  [LATEST]Where are the original cast of Midsomer Murders now? [LATEST]Midsomer Murders welcomes back John Nettles for a special episode 'Tribute to the talent' [LATEST]   As he flicked through the book's pages, he got a feel for just how rare the item was. The specialist concluded: "It does have a commercial value. "It's quite a rare book. I've never seen one before. "If this was to come for sale, I think it would probably fetch between £600-£800 with the photographs."  