Manchester United chiefs have scrapped the club's end of season awards. The ceremony, which was set to be held at Old Trafford earlier this month, was cancelled after senior players felt awkward about attending the event after such a poor season on the pitch. United will still have a fan's player of the season after running a poll with supporters. However, it will not be presented at the usual bash. The Daily Star claims the squad felt embarrassed about going to the awards. Senior players spoke to club management to explain how they felt it was inappropriate to celebrate such a poor season. It has been a season of turmoil for United, who sacked manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer last November. United will finish the campaign with their lowest points tally in a Premier League season. READ MORE: Tottenham 'make three demands' to Barcelona over Clement Lenglet transfer  Only victory over Crystal Palace on the final day on Sunday will confirm sixth spot and a place in next season's Europa League. Any slip-up from the Red Devils could allow West Ham to overtake them and see them drop into seventh and the Europa Conference League. United failed to reach the latter stages of either domestic cup competition and crashed out in the first knockout round of the Champions League to Atletico Madrid. As a result of the hugely disappointing campaign, the club's awards ceremony has been scrapped. United usually make a big deal out of the black-tie event and legendary former manager Sir Alex Ferguson is normally in attendance. The club is working on a plan to present the supporters' award to the winner. Erik ten Hag will replace interim boss Ralf Rangnick at the end of this season. Ten Hag is in Manchester as he attempts to get a head start to his new role. DON'T MISSMan Utd reach conclusion after ‘investigating’ leaks under Ralf Rangnick [REPORT]Man Utd may be using Frenkie de Jong as a smokescreen for different signing instead [COMMENT]Man Utd star Dean Henderson 'on the verge' of completing Newcastle transfer [GOSSIP]  The Dutchman will be in attendance for the trip to Palace this weekend. However, he will not have any say on the starting XI Rangnick selects. Speaking last week, Cristiano Ronaldo outlined his excitement at Ten Hag's arrival but insists there must be patience over his impact. Ronaldo said: “What I know about him is he did a fantastic job for Ajax, that he’s an experienced coach. But we need to give him time. “Things need to change in the way he wants. I hope we have success, of course, because, if you have success, all of Manchester is going to have success as well. I wish him the best.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here