Last week, Lady Louise Windsor, 18, was among the performers in the first major event taking place to celebrate Her Majesty's 70-year reign. During her appearance, the Queen's granddaughter paid an "sweet" nod to her grandmother and late grandfather, Prince Philip by leading a horse parade in a carriage owned by the the Duke of Edinburgh. Speaking to Pandora Forsyth on the latest Royal Round-Up, Daily Express' royal correspondent Richard Palmer said: "That was a very sweet moment, Lady Louise Windsor driving the Duke's carriage. "[The performance] I think, involved some of the Queen's favourite horses. "It was just a real tribute that summed up the Queen's love of everything equestrian but also, the Duke of Edinburgh. "It was a poignant moment". READ MORE: Queen’s favourite game laid bare ahead of grand Jubilee celebrations ‘Incredibly popular’ Mr Palmer added that "you sort of felt his [Philip's] presence there throughout those few days". He also stated that the show was an event that "he [Philip] loved doing". Ms Forsyth spoke about the Queen and how you could see she was "deeply invested" in it. Lady Louise is the Queen's youngest granddaughter and the only daughter of her son, Prince Edward and his wife Sophie, the Countess of Wessex. READ MORE: 'Insulting to the Queen' Welsh Labour blasted for 'woke' decision on Jubilee school book The young royal has kept quite a low profile in her life so far. Like the Queen, the 18-year-old is known to adore horses and the two reportedly share a close relationship. Lady Louise was also known to have had a close relationship with her late grandfather, the Duke of Edinburgh and her love of carriage driving was influenced by the Duke. DON'T MISS Harry and Meghan 'damaging the Crown' as Queen given 'little option' [INSIGHT]Meghan's 'money spinner' plans for cancelled Netflix show exposed [ANALYSIS]Queen told to make Prince Charles regent after Jubilee [VIDEO] Prince Philip personally taught his granddaughter the sport, and Lady Louise admitted to being surprised at her grandfather always finding a different path for her to train on. On the first anniversary of his death last month, Louise paid tribute to her grandfather by driving the carriage she inherited at an event in his honour. Speaking in the BBC programme, Prince Philip: The Royal Family Remembers, which aired last year, Louise has spoken of how "lovely" it was to have Philip as a mentor.