Below Deck Mediterranean is one of three spin-offs of the superyacht franchise where behind-the-scenes footage of crews onboard is shown, delving into work, gossip, romances and endless drama. The Bravo reality show has been a hit from day dot with Below Deck Mediterranean premiering back in 2016. Sadly, it has been months since season six finished and fans are wondering if there will be any more episodes in the future. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Below Deck Mediterranean.Below Deck Mediterranean season six sailed around Croatia and, as always, there was plenty of drama. But one of the most intriguing parts of the series took place in the finale during a trip to Split with no one exactly detailing what happened. Chef Mathew Shea stated it was like "one of those sex parties", whereas chief stew Katie Flood cryptically said: "What happens in Split stays in Split." When the cast returned for the one-off reunion show, talk show Andy Cohen was able to dig a few more details out of them. READ MORE: Rees-Mogg hits back at Naga Munchetty branding Partygate 'non-story' Speaking to Cohen, Katie clarified: "We had, honestly, a good time. We partied a lot. "And we just enjoyed each other's company again." Mathew and Courtney Veale added that they "saw everyone naked" at some point during the trip, to which Malia White joked that she missed that night so it isn't clear who actually took part in these activities. Courtney and Mzi Dempers confirmed that they didn't hook up during their visit to Split and Malia revealed this was where her relationship with boyfriend engineer Jake Baker took off. Below Deck Mediterranean was last seen in October 2021 on Bravo for the reunion episode. There has been no word for the past few months over whether or not the spin-off will be back for another series. However, Bravo has finally revealed the show's future and thankfully, it's good news. Below Deck Mediterranean will in fact be back for a seventh season with release date details still under wraps. DON'T MISS...The Last Kingdom's Eliza Butterworth won’t return as Aelswith in movie [CAST]Piers Morgan fiercely defends Ricky Gervais against ‘woke brigade’ [REACTION]Will there be a season 10 of Below Deck? Show's future explained [EXPLAINER] Given how the spin-off typically begins airing in June, there may not be too much longer to wait before the next series makes its debut. There is good news all around as well if you're a super fan of the Below Deck franchise. The original reality show, simply named Below Deck, will also be back for a 10th series. On top of this, there is going to be a new Below Deck series on the way to Bravo. The latest spin-off Below Deck Adventure has been slated to premiere in the fall of 2022. Charter guests will be followed in the glacial fjords of Norway where they will get to take part in amazing activities such as dog sledging, cold-water plunging and heli-skiing. Bravo said: "The mega-yacht crew will be pushed like we've never seen before on Below Deck as they cater to ultra-wealthy clients, on top of dealing with the physical demands of cold-water adventures." Below Deck Mediterranean is available to watch on Bravo.