  Tayce recently spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the Eurovision final, given the success of her team on Drag Race’s hit parody song UK? Hun. However, the star admitted that she didn’t watch the show at all, but cheekily added that she would like to “give it a go”.      Tayce attended the launch of ABSOLUT’S Born to Mix fashion collaboration in London two weeks ago, where she teamed up with celebrity favourite London designer, Chet Lo, and the team from next gen collection Institute of Digital Fashion for a cutting-edge runway show. Before Tayce took to the catwalk, however, she shared her thoughts on Eurovision. Tayce and her fellow drag queens produced an unexpected chart hit during their time on the show. The episode in question saw the United Kingdolls compete against Bananadrama in The RuRuVision Song Contest (a spoof of Eurovision). READ MORE: Ray Liotta dead: Goodfellas actor 'dies in his sleep' aged 67      The United Kingdolls, which featured Tayce, Bimini Bon Boulash, Lawrence Chaney and A’Whora, were crowned the winners for their song UK Hun? The song was so popular it ended up reaching Number 4 on the UK's biggest chart show in February 2021, as well as number 27 on the UK’s Official Singles Chart. However, when asked if she follows Eurovision, Tayce replied: “No, not a clue. I don’t know Eurovision.” “You know what? I’m just so busy, but when I’ve got five minutes to do whatever, I will watch it,” she promised ahead of the final that weekend.       It’s true that Tayce has been busy; during the interview she revealed that she’s been touring around North America, including Canada, New York, San Francisco and Washington DC. “I like it that way though,” she explained. “I like go, go, go. It keeps me going and it keeps me up.” The drag race superstar went on to throw her own hat into the ring for the Eurovision Contest, suggesting she would make for some fierce competition. She quipped: “Well I think Eurovision is a pile of c**p because the fact is, they’ve not even invited us there. READ MORE... Loose Women's Denise Welch dares to bare in snakeskin swimsuit [PICS] Andy Fletcher dead: Depeche Mode founding member dies aged 60 [LATEST] Only Fools and Horses David Jason in rare sighting at Clarkson's Farm [NEWS]      “It’s absolutely disgusting because I know for a fact if I whacked my puswana on that stage, they would not know what the f*** to do.” Laughing, she continued: “They’ve not seen anything like it, I mean we’ve heard it all, we’ve heard every language. “Where’s ‘bing, bang, bong’? Where’s ‘ding, dang, dong’? And I’m actually waiting on bated breath, so you tell Eurovision to let me in because I’m ready. “And I’ll knock those doors down with my heels. I’d give it the old elbow grease, I’ll tell you that much.”       It’s understandable why Tayce might not be all that enthused to watch Eurovision given the UK’s abysmal track record in the competition, although all of that changed this year. Two weeks ago, Sam Ryder won back the hearts of our neighbouring countries with his rousing song SPACEMAN, which rocketed the UK all the way into second place. While Britain won the vote of the professional juries, Ukraine were announced the winners thanks to votes from the public, with Kalush Orchestra giving an emotional acceptance speech before they performed their winning song, Stefania, a second time. Tayce appeared to have a fabulous night at the launch of ABSOLUT’S Born to Mix fashion collaboration in BOXPARK Shoreditch the other week. Speaking about the fashion partnership she said: “The collaboration has been such a fun experience for me personally because I love the passion and energy of everyone I’m working with and everyone I’m working with I’m actually a fan of. I’m just so happy to be here right now today!” Head down to BOXPARK Shoreditch 2-10 Bethnal Green Rd this weekend to enjoy some amazing Absolut events and experiences – from making your own cocktails, to photo moments with friends.    