Body language expert Judi James stated that the princess's smile showed, "no sign of genuine happiness". The body language expert said that Princess Charlene of Monaco's body language showed she avoided "forced tactile poses" with Prince Albert in their first public joint engagement without their children, On Saturday, Princess Charlene of Monaco continued her return to public life.  Princess Charlene attended the F1 in Monte Carlo, alongside her husband Prince Albert. It was the first time the pair were seen in public together since French media claimed she is receiving £10million a year to appear by her husband's side at public outings. Photographs show Princess Charlene walking side-by-side with Prince Albert. However, the couple were not seen holding hands. Speaking to Femail, Ms James said the princess seemingly avoided "forced tactile poses" with the 64-year-old Prince Albert. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's 'style transformation' after 2011 - 'more refined'  Princess Charlene recently returned to Monaco following a 10-month absence. The royal had been in her native South Africa where she was forced to remain after contracting a severe ear, nose and throat infection. She was seen last month with her children and husband for the first time since November after spending time in a treatment facility for "exhaustion". Adding additional comment, Judi said: "Albert can be seen mirroring these poses with his arm extended at waist level around his wife but her poses seem to be predominate with the drivers. "This could be a deliberate decision to help avoid fuelling speculation and scrutiny, with less riding on her poses with the drivers than those with her husband." The body language expert said that Princess Charlene has had some tactile moments with her husband in the past. DON'T MISS: Sophie Wessex maintains slim figure through 'diet of plant-based food' [INSIDER]'Enjoys the status' Prince Harry 'living his best life' in US [EXPERT]Princess Anne's engagement ring is opposite to the Queen's [ROYAL JEWELLERY]  The body language expert said: "There have been moments in South Africa and when she first returned to Monaco when Charlene seemed to attempt some very emphatically tactile poses with her husband, clinging to his neck and pressing her face against his." However, Ms James added: "It would be totally unfair to expect Charlene, who has clearly been suffering from ill-health, to perform any gruesome 'togetherness' poses with her husband purely for the public. "A small-steps approach would surely be preferable at a time when she clearly needs support and love rather than being pushed into anything forced. "What is complex here though is the way Albert seems to walk in front of her and the way any touch rituals seem to have been blocked by the carrying of her bag between them." 