Sergio Perez was left frustrated by Red Bull's mechanical issues after suffering with an engine problem during the second half of Sunday's inaugural Miami Grand Prix. The Mexican driver looked set to challenge Carlos Sainz for a third-placed finish but ultimately crossed the line in fourth after being forced to manage his power unit due to a brief loss of performance. Perez complained about his lack of power via team radio before the problem was seemingly fixed to an extent that he was able to complete all 57 laps at the Miami International Autodrome. He was previously forced to retire at the season-opening Bahrain Grand Prix due to a separate fuel pump issue and went on to express his concerns over Red Bull's lack of reliability when quizzed on the topic after Sunday's race."I think it was a sensor issue that we had," Perez told reporters. "Throughout the race, it was working well, but then when we had the sensor issue, we lost like seven seconds in two laps, and then it was just a poor race."It was never the same [afterwards]. I was losing too much time, I was like 10kph down on the straights. We need to keep working hard, because every time we are finding different issues. JUST IN: Jenson Button feels Lewis Hamilton was 'unbelievably unlucky' in Miami "Luckily we managed to finish the race, I think at one point it was really close to [being] over, so to get that [result] and be able to finish the race is good."Perez was ultimately forced to look after his engine for the rest of the Miami Grand Prix in order to avoid retiring and duly delivered to seal a welcome haul of points for Red Bull. Team principal Christian Horner admitted during the race that Perez's car was unable to perform to its full potential, telling Sky Sports F1: "We are managing a little bit of an issue with Checo that we heard earlier. "He had a sensor issue so as a result lost a little bit of power so he is doing a great job because he has lost about 20 kilowatts but is going quicker than Carlos."Perez ended up finishing around 10 seconds behind his Red Bull team-mate, Max Verstappen, who managed to claim his third Grand Prix victory of the new season ahead of Charles Leclerc in Miami. The Dutchman passed his Ferrari rival during the early stages of the contest and never looked back despite a late safety car period to clinch a maximum haul of 26 points in some style. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE