Despite calling it a day on his career three weeks ago, Amir Khan is already willing to come out of retirement to face Floyd Mayweather in an exhibition bout. The former WBA and IBF light-welterweight champion walked away from boxing after suffering a sixth-round stoppage defeat at the hands of fierce rival Kell Brook. But, after watching Mayweather box Don Moore in Abu Dhabi, Khan has had a change of heart. In an interview with videographer azizdxb, Amir and trainer Tam Khan presented a challenge to Mayweather. “We saw the event today, I think Floyd, he needed a real challenge,” said Amir Khan. “We should do it, 100 per cent guys. Either hit me up or hit my brother up. I’m calling him out! Let’s make it happen.” Tam Khan added: “If you want to sell out an arena and put on the biggest show around you need this man, he’s the people’s champ, Amir Khan vs Floyd Mayweather, he ducked him as a professional let’s at least do an exhibition, he can’t duck here, there is no loser.” Khan came close to fighting Mayweather back in 2014 when he put up a poll on his social media to ask fans who he should fight next. The options were Khan or Marcos Maidana, with the Brit winning by a landslide. Yet despite Khan’s higher stock, having defeated Maidana himself four years earlier, ‘Money Mayweather’ chose to fight the Argentinian, while Khan took on Canelo Alvarez at middleweight. After losing to Brook in February there was talk of a potential rematch, but Khan instead announced his retirement over social media in a touching post. MORE BOXING NEWS... Conor McGregor delivers verdict on Joshua's rematch with Usyk Deontay Wilder told four next fight options Floyd Mayweather steals ring girl's card on way to Don Moore victory  Khan posted: "It’s time to hang up my gloves. I feel blessed to have had such an amazing career that has spanned over 27 years. I want to say a heartfelt thanks to the incredible teams I have worked with and to my family, friends, and fans for the love and support they have shown me." Whether or not Khan will step back in the squared circle is yet to be seen, but the allure of big paydays could be enough to tempt him back into the ring. Khan would not be the first fighter to come out of retirement to fight again, with the likes of Evander Holyfield, Mike Tyson, and Roy Jones Jr all returning for exhibition bouts in recent times.