Meghan Markle and Prince Harry could be greeted by boos, according to one royal expert, who warned the Sussexes about a potential public backlash next week. Royal biographer and journalist Duncan Larcombe said the reaction to the "divisive" couple will be "fascinating to see". Speaking to True Royalty TV's The Royal Beat, Mr Larcombe pointed out that the crowds at the Jubilee will be made up of "thousands and thousands of royalists" who may not be fond of Harry and Meghan's actions since their royal departure two years ago. The Jubilee celebrations will see Harry and Meghan both appear alongside the entire Royal Family for the first time in two years. The Sussexes will make an appearance at the Platinum Jubilee thanksgiving service celebrating Her Majesty's 70 years on the throne next Friday. They will be joined by all of the Queen’s cousins, children, and grandchildren in what is expected to be the biggest royal outing of the weekend. The last time the Duke and Duchess were surrounded by so many members of the Royal family was at their wedding in May 2018. JUST IN: Kate Middleton pays tribute to Sussex wedding on eve of their return  Mr Larcombe said the Platinum Jubilee service of thanksgiving “may be the only chance we get to see a glimpse of both the Sussexes". He continued: "What we will see at the weekend of the Jubilee will be crowds. We can expect to see massive crowds. "There will be thousands and thousands of people that you would describe as royalists, who love the pomp and ceremony. "The reality is that Harry and Meghan are very divisive characters among royalists."  The royal biographer added: "People want to love Harry, and they want to love William. "If the brothers are stepping out there for the first time amongst those royal fans, it will be fascinating to see the reaction and mood of the public towards them." The Royal Beat host responded by suggesting it could "be a moment of healing". DON'T MISS: Harry and Meghan praised for turning William and Kate into stars [VIDEO]Royal Family LIVE: Harry could break 'promise' to Queen [LIVE BLOG]King William: Public throws weight behind Duke over Prince Charles [POLL]  The youngest royal family members, including the Sussexes’ son, Archie, three, and daughter, Lilibet, who turns one next Saturday, are understood to miss out on the service of thanksgiving next Friday. The monarch’s own attendance is unlikely to be confirmed until the day of the event, but it is thought to be one of the Jubilee events she is particularly keen to attend. Harry and Meghan could potentially appear again in public during the Platinum Pageant. The Pageant will take place on the final day of the bank holiday weekend, with a performance from Ed Sheeran, a giant 3D sculpture of the Queen and the Gold State Coach. 