Sky Sports presenter Bob Hall has died, with his death being announced on Friday. Tributes have flooded in for the ITV legend who worked on a variety of sports programmes. The cause of Bob's death is yet to be announced, and he was thought to be in his mid-70s. Bob regularly starred on Sky Sports' Soccer Saturday programme, hosted by Jeff Stelling and was a match reporter on Gillette Soccer Saturday. He was best known for his reporting at ITV Central, Sky Sports Soccer Saturdays and Black Country Radio. With a career spanning over four decades, Bob became a well-known and respected sports journalist in the Midlands. READ MORE: Jane McDonald's life plan drastically altered after death of fiance He was recruited by Newbon as part of Central’s superb sports team in 1981 after covering rugby league for the Yorkshire and Granada stations. After becoming a casualty of a 2004 shake-up, Bob returned to freelance reporting and was a regular contributor to Sky Sports’ popular Soccer Saturday programme, hosted by Jeff Stelling. Many took to social media to offer their condolences to the presenter. Gary Newbon said: "It’s a huge shock, we’re all stunned. As a presenter, Bob was a really solid, safe pair of hands, very professional, a good presenter.  "He never let you down. He was a good operator and a good professional." Bob Warman added: "I remember Bob with great fondness. He was truly a very, very fine broadcaster. He was a tremendous ad-libber. "He could fill space and time and get you out of any tricky situation. His memory was fantastic. "He was terrific. His detail, memory and recall used to astonish me. He was a wonderful man to have on your side. You could always rely on Bob." DON'T MISS... Monty Don details difficult time after he and wife 'lost everything' [INSIGHT] Meghan Markle sparks divide as Garbage fume at 'obscene' visit [COMMENT] Britney Spears, 40, stuns fans as singer poses topless in naked photo [INSTAGRAM] Actor and director David Alacey said Bob was a "true gentleman in every sense of the word". He said: "He would happily regale anecdotes about his famous friends such as Ron Atkinson and Alex Ferguson. "Being old school and extremely polite, Bob would often use the term 'sir’, as in, ‘how are you, sir?', when, of course, he really did have the gravitas to be called sir. "So I say - thanks for the memories Bob, I really will miss you, sir." Black Country radio tweeted: "We’re sad to hear the news that veteran @ITVCentral presenter, Bob Hall has passed away. "Bob presented our #AskTheLeader events for @dudleymbc before the Covid pandemic and was a brilliant broadcaster and lovely man. He’ll be missed." Burton Albion FC said Bob was "often at the Pirelli Stadium in recent years covering Brewers games and was a warm, friendly, respected figure in the press bench".