The iconic white duchess satin dress and purple silk-velvet robe, which the monarch wore for her coronation at Westminster Abbey on June 2, 1953, will be shown as part of a Platinum Jubilee exhibit at Windsor Castle from July 7 to September 26, in honour of the queen's 70 years on the throne. The dress and robe were first displayed together in a Buckingham Palace exhibit in 2013, which included an array of dresses, uniforms and robes worn at the historic coronation.  The dress, designed by Sir Norman Hartnell, was created in the finest white duchess satin, richly embroidered in a lattice-work effect. It was decorated with the floral emblems, created with gold and silver thread and pastel silks, encrusted with seed pearls, sequins and crystals, signifying the nations of the UK and the Commonwealth. Unknown to the Queen, Hartnell included an extra four-leaf shamrock on the left side of the skirt, which was positioned perfectly so that Her Majesty's hand would rest on it during the ceremony. The Robe of Estate, which she wore over her dress during the ceremony, will also be on display.  The magnificent Robe of Estate was made for the coronation (and seen in an iconic portrait by Cecil Beaton) by the royal robe-makers Ede and Ravenscroft and took 12 embroideresses, using 18 different types of gold thread, more than 3,500 hours to complete from March to May 1953. According to the Royal Collection, the artisans used purple silk velvet and the goldwork embroidery design features wheat ears and olive branches, symbolising prosperity and peace, surrounding the crowned intertwined EIIR cipher. Although Elizabeth ascended the throne as a young 25-year-old princess on February 6, 1952, immediately on hearing of the death of her father, King George VI, it wasn't until 16 months later on June 2, 1953, that she was crowned, such was the extent of the planning needed. Queen Elizabeth is relaxing at her Balmoral estate in Scotland ahead of her Platinum Jubilee celebrations next week.  READ MORE: Meghan's recent appearances spark claims that Sussexes are in trouble The monarch is hoping to attend some key events being held in her honour. Other highlights of the four-day Platinum Jubilee weekend, which kicks off June 2, include the traditional Trooping the Colour parade, a day of horse racing at Epsom, a Royal Pageant through London, the Jubilee luncheon and a star-studded pop concert at Buckingham Palace.  DON'T MISS:Boris Johnson vows to name and shame petrol stations Biden given ‘gargantuan stack of red tape’ Gunfire at US schools at a record high