Charles Leclerc says Red Bull made their 'intentions clear' by asking Sergio Perez to give up on a race win in favour of Max Verstappen at the Spanish Grand Prix. The Mexican was initially put on a two-stop strategy in Barcelona as reigning champion Verstappen opted for three, and race leader Perez was asked to allow the Dutchman past as he bore down on him in the closing laps. Over team radio, Perez labelled the call 'unfair', before finishing second in a Red Bull one-two. Verstappen's victory was his third in a row, and opened up a lead of 19 points over Leclerc in the drivers' standings. It had been the Monegasque man who had previously been in control of the race, starting from pole position and then pulling clear after Verstappen lost time spinning off the track early on. However, a MGU-H and turbo failure forced him into early retirement, leaving Leclerc, and Ferrari, walking a tightrope with any further changes yielding a potential grid penalty. And ahead of this weekend's Monaco Grand Prix, Leclerc spoke out on Red Bull seemingly manipulating the race in favour of Verstappen. It's a notion that his own team has been unable to benefit from as yet, with Carlos Sainz having endured a disrupted campaign so far. JUST IN: Christian Horner met with fierce resistance from three teams after complaints to FIA "Red Bull made it clear what are their intentions and they did it very early in the season," Leclerc said, via Sky Sports, on Friday. "Concerning us [and team orders], I haven't spoken about it with Mattia [Binotto] and I haven't heard of this for now. "I think for Sainz, it's just a matter of time he gets with us and he gets more at ease with the car. I don't want to rely on that either, I just want to do the job in the car and if we are strong enough, we have already made it clear we can win races anyway and if we do a strong enough job I'm pretty sure the chances are there anyway." DON'T MISS:Lewis Hamilton calls out Red Bull's music taste with tunes blasting from pit-lane garageDaniel Ricciardo suffers high-speed crash in Monaco Grand Prix practiceRed Bull punished by stewards after FP1 incident at Monaco Grand Prix Regardless, Leclerc got his weekend off to the best possible start on Friday, finishing top of both practice sessions. First time around Perez was second from Sainz, with the pair swapping positions after second practice. On both occasions, Verstappen was fourth, but the day was marred by a high-speed crash from McLaren's Daniel Ricciardo. He went into the wall by the 'Swimming Pool' at 150mph.