Rebekah Vardy, 40, didn’t understand the joke when Coleen Rooney’s lawyer made a remark about Davy Jones in response to a question regarding her agent’s phone falling into the North Sea. The model asked: “Who is Davy Jones?” which resulted in laughter in the courtroom on Thursday. The courtroom burst into laughter when Rebekah, who is married to Leicester City footballer Jamie Vardy, asked her question. Rebekah was in court giving evidence in her libel trial with Coleen Rooney, who is married to England footballing star, Wayne Rooney. In October 2019, Coleen accused Rebekah's account, in a tweet, of leaking stories she had posted on her private Instagram account to the press. Rebekah has denied the allegations and is suing Rooney for defamation. READ MORE: Bear Grylls credits Amanda Owen for being 'a huge support' The 40-year-old was asked by Coleen’s lawyer David Sherborne about an article in The Sun that referenced a picture of Wayne and his children from Coleen’s private Instagram account. The court previously heard that Vardy’s agent Caroline Watt was unable to supply her messages between herself, and two reporters because her phone had “fallen into the North Sea during a boat trip”. The lawyer then asked Rebekah: “That article refers explicitly to a post on Mrs Rooney’s Instagram account doesn't it? I put it to you that that came from you through Ms Watt to Mr Boyle [reporter].” Rebekah replied: “No, absolutely not.” Mr Sherbourne continued: “The shame is, Mrs Vardy, that Mr Boyle’s Whatsapp messages with Mrs Watt, just as with Mr Halls, are lying at the bottom of the sea in Davy Jones’ locker.” Rebekah asked: “Who is Davy Jones?” This caused journalists and members of the public to chuckle. Mrs Justice Steyn, who is hearing the trial, told her: “It just means at the bottom of the sea.” DON'T MISS:Kelvin Fletcher's wife Liz announces arrival of twins in sweet post [UPDATE] Lorraine Kelly pays tribute to Deborah James after final post [TRIBUTE]BBC's Deborah James bids farewell as she moves to hospice at home care [LATEST] “The grass strikes again,” Coleen was reported to have said when she found out about the article being published. Rebekah messaged Coleen and used derogatory terms to describe someone who would leak stories, and said: “The Sun of all people”. She added: “Hope you are OK”. Mr Sherborne claimed Rebekah was “fishing” when she went on to ask Rooney: “Have you been through all your followers? No-one with any celeb magazine links? What about being hacked?”  He said: “It’s totally disingenuous isn’t it Mrs Vardy? You know perfectly well you have been responsible through Ms Watt, as we see through a number of these posts, to pass information to The Sun. “Yet you are passing yourself to her as someone who hates The Sun, coming up with excuses like ‘maybe you have been hacked, maybe someone with celeb links’.” She replied: “No, I don’t say I hate The Sun.” During the trial, the court heard earlier that she was invited as a "special guest" to the National Television Awards by The Sun. Coleen’s lawyers allege Vardy must have told reporter Mr Halls about a post on Coleen’'s Instagram about getting into a car crash at the event. When asked if Mr Halls was at the event, Rebekah answered that she couldn’t recall. She said: "He may have been there but I don't remember seeing him." Mr Sherborne went on to show Rebekah a post from her Instagram account following the event, where she personally thanked Mr Halls for inviting her in the caption. He said: "You are deliberately trying to distance yourself from the suggestion you and Watt spoke to him that night and told him about the car crash post." She replied: "No." The trial continues.