Rachel Reeves reacted to the Chancellor’s plan against the soaring inflation which would see households on middle income receiving the same amount of money as “millionaires with multiple houses”. In light of the new measures, Ms Reeves claimed the plan “has been rushed through because the Prime Minister needed better headlines after partygate stories”. Speaking at TalkTV, Ms Reeves said: “It is a massive issue. “But it shouldn’t have been designed like this. “And it’s something about the fact that this has been rushed. “Because the Prime Minister needed some better headlines after Partygate stories. “And because it’s been rushed through. “It’s got loads of holes in it.” She added: “A millionaire with three houses will get £1200 because they’ll get £400 for each of the houses they own. “That is absolutely wrong. READ MORE: Priceless warplane crashes after skimming over house roof “And it is incumbent on the Treasury to get value for money for every pound of taxpayers' money spent. “Because as well as the windfall tax, which the Government say it’ll bring in £5bn. “The government announced yesterday another £10bn of government borrowing. “And that money will have to be paid back by future generations. DON'T MISS: Truss speaks out after 'outrageous' US comment [WATCH]M&S closures herald destruction of high street as 32 stores axed [LISTEN]'Selfish' neighbour causes mum to be awake at 5.30am every day [INSIGHT]  “If it’s to help people that need it. It’s one thing. “If it is to give subsidies to people with multiple houses. That’s just wrong”. Mr Sunak unveiled a further £21 billion of support for households on Thursday after a surge in energy bills and increasing shop prices led to demands for the UK Government to step in and help people. As part of the emergency cost-of-living package, the Chancellor announced each household will get the £400 energy discount that will be partly funded by a £5 billion windfall tax on oil and gas giants. Mr Sunak, who last week appeared on The Sunday Times Rich List with his wife Akshata Murty for the first time with their joint £730 million fortune, was questioned about what would happen to his £400 grant.