The Duchess of Cambridge, 40, dazzled in a stylish cream blazer and skirt combination when she teamed up with Princess Anne for their first royal engagement to meet maternal healthcare workers at The Royal College of Midwives and The Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists. But it was the intricate lace details of Kate’s blazer that caught the eye of gushing royal fans.  That is because the mother-of-two was sporting a blazer, which had the shape of two pineapples on the pockets. And pineapples have become a powerful symbol for women struggling with infertility, with the hashtag #pineappletribe used among women going through IVF and dealing with infertility. Royalinstablog tweeted: “The Duchess was conveying a powerful message of support via her dress.   “Pineapple is a ‘powerful symbol for women struggling with fertility.’ “She was conveying her support to women.” Royal fans rushed to praise Kate for her subtle message on Twitter.  READ MORE: Royal LIVE: Sussexes have 'nothing to show' as Firm 'needs them back'   Canellecitadelle said: “Wow! Now that just blew my mind. I guess she is really the Queen of diplomatic dressing.” ￼￼ Jett Enterprizes noted: “So subtle yet impactful.” Royal Palace View added: “So professional and such detail in everything she does.”  DON'T MISS Kate appears in new video in 'glorious' £680 Max Mara shirt dress [VIDEO]Kate speaks out on motherhood as she takes on new royal role [INTERVIEW]Kate Middleton blows royal fans away - ‘How does she look so good?' [PICTURES] The mother-of-three is patron of the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists (RCOG). Kate and Anne also visited staff from Tommy’s National Centre for Maternity Improvement, which researches the causes and prevention of pregnancy complications, miscarriage, stillbirth, premature birth and neonatal death. Here they heard more about what digital tools are there to support women with higher risk pregnancies.  The pair also took part in a roundtable discussion with new mothers and experts in the sector; the conversation will focus on measures being taken to tackle the inequalities in maternity care.To conclude their visit, Kate and Anne met recipients of the Royal College of Midwives awards — which recognises outstanding achievement and commitment in the field. It comes as Kate spoke out motherhood and mental health as she took on a new royal patronage of the Maternal Mental Health Alliance (MMHA). The Duchess said no mother is "immune to experiencing anxiety and depression" as she became patron of a "fantastic organisation" supporting the mental health of women. She said it was crucial for those "struggling" to be given the "right support at the right time" and also urged society to play its part, saying everyone needed to help "parents and carers, and all those who are raising children today".  The duchess added: "But we all know that pregnancy, childbirth and the first months and years of a child's life can be hugely demanding. Parents often feel lonely and overwhelmed by these early years. "Around 20 percent of women in the UK are reported to experience perinatal mental illness. Sadly, we also know that many more are suffering in silence. No one is immune to experiencing anxiety and depression during this time. "It is crucial, therefore, that all those who might be struggling are given the right support at the right time, so that they're able to share these feelings without fear of judgment and can access the information, care and support they need to recover."