Harry joined the mental fitness consultancy last year and took on the role of Chief Impact Officer. The startup, worth around $5billion (£4billion), focuses on "inner work" and self-reflection, helping employees by taking a "whole person approach" to development. Now, however, it is thought to be facing an uprising from angry coaches. The new proposed pay structure, reports suggest, could also include a new rating system that would factor into coaches' fees. According to the Daily Beast, the firm's new metrics would retroactively evaluate coaches in part based on how "life-changing" a client found their guidance and how frequently they met for sessions. When approached by Express.co.uk BetterUp declined to comment, but the company has been reported elsewhere as saying it is working to modify its original plans. The Daily Beast reports that it has scheduled a number of town hall meetings and pledged to backtrack on at least some of the initial changes, and that a BetterUp executive told coaches: "No one will see any sort of decrease in their effective session rate compared to their 2021 effective session rate." Mental wellbeing is something that has become central to his and Meghan Markle's work as private individuals. On securing the BetterUp role, he said he was thrilled at securing the role, and intended to "help create impact in people’s lives". However, Marlene Koenig, a royal expert, questioned to what extent his efforts will trickle down to "average workers". She told Express.co.uk in August last year: "I have no problem with the job at BetterUp, that to me is a name on the letterhead. "But I had to laugh at some of the things, as I thought: 'This is a company where executives of companies and higher up people learn mental health training ‒ what about the average worker in those companies?' JUST IN: Edward's heartfelt admission about Kate: 'Never going to be easy!' "What about Hilton? Do they have any benefits? No, they're still making crap wages and so on. "It came off as a bit elitist to me. "And the fact that they're giving themselves 20 weeks maternity and paternity leave ‒ we don't have paid paternity leave in the US. "It's up to your employer, it's great, but the average American can't relate to it. "And so I don't think the work is something Americans will know about and won't take interest in." DON'T MISS Prince Harry and Meghan labelled 'out of touch' over private jets [REPORT]Prince Harry 'unquestionably changed' by Meghan Markle [INSIGHT]Prince William upset family matters were aired in public [ANALYSIS] More than 370 companies are customers of BetterUp, including Snap, a social media company, Hilton, the hotels group, tech group Google and BP, the energy group, which provides BetterUp’s coaching to 5,000 employees. When asked for comment, BetterUp did not confirm whether "average workers" benefited from the same mentoring and coaching as their bosses. In a statement, they said: "BetterUp’s mission since the very beginning has been to democratise coaching across the enterprise, and we believe that every employee, no matter the level, could benefit from a coach. Our programs are individually crafted for every partner and their needs, and we work with a variety of customers, creating specially designed programs for employees of all levels within an organisation. "Depending on the program, employees may have access to dedicated 1:1 coaching, specialist coaching (e.g. Sleep, Nutrition, Communications, etc.), or group coaching through our Coaching Circles™. "In addition to coaches, members also have access to specialist support and tools like a goal tracker, personalised resources and support on specific areas of interest such as nutrition, communication, working parents and navigating uncertainty – which can affect anyone – whether they’re a knowledge worker or a front-line worker." According to its website, BetterUp seeks to coach individuals, teams, and organisations in order to "optimise your well-being and performance," as well as focusing on key areas like "reducing stress, increasing resilience, improving focus and increasing team agility". Early this year, the platform announced a monthly fee of $499 (£403) for employers. On announcing the role, Harry told The Wall Street Journal: "Proactive coaching provides endless possibilities for personal development, increased awareness, and an all-round better life." As part of the job, he will advocate publicly on topics related to mental health. He will also be involved in initiatives like product strategy decisions and charitable contributions. The royal has himself opened up about his struggles with mental health and coming to terms with the sudden death of his mother, Diana, Princess of Wales, when he was just 12 years old. He previously revealed he had sought professional help after spending almost two decades "not thinking" about his mother’s death as he “shut down all his emotions”.