   Michael Caine once issued Midsomer Murders star Annette Badland with a warning while they were shooting scenes for the film Little Voice, she explained in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk. The actress, 71, admitted she was in awe of the “extraordinary” Alfie star as he shared some much-needed words of wisdom that she still “remembers today”.      Annette has worked with plenty of famous faces over the years thanks to her endless appearances in the UK’s biggest television shows. However, the star has also worked in film and notably starred alongside Michael, Brenda Blethyn, Jim Broadbent and Ewan McGregor in 1998 British musical film Little Voice. The film was based on Jim Cartwright's 1993 play The Rise and Fall of Little Voice, for which she received a Laurence Olivier Award nomination for Best Actress in a Supporting Role. When asked by Express.co.uk about whether she had ever been starstruck by anyone at work, Annette immediately thought of Michael. READ MORE: Dan Walker spurned by Sally Nugent as she refuses to appear in video     Annette, who played Sadie in the film, said: “Well, working with Michael Caine doing Little Voice. “I knew he was going to be… Because Jane (Horrocks) and I were in the play and then the film happened about five or seven years later. “And Pete (Postlethwaite) was doing a tour of The Unmentionables, the Scottish play, so he could not do the film.” Pete played Ray Say in the original West End play, but was replaced by Michael for the film adaptation.      Annette admitted: “When I heard it was Michael Caine I did skip around the living room. “Because Alfie was so important to me as a teenager and we’d never seen anything like that.” Alfie is an extremely influential 1966 British comedy-drama film starring Michael as the titular character. Annette then went on to share the warning Michael had given her when they first began working together. READ MORE... Louise Minchin says husband's warning prompted Breakfast exit [INSIGHT] Holly Willoughby stuns fans as she strips off for selfie after shower [LATEST] Rebekah Vardy was 'more interested in taking selfies' than football [UPDATE]      She explained: “I still today quote - we were doing one of the scenes in the club - and he said, ‘Get your face in, girl.’ “Which was just him as an actor telling me to lean forwards or backwards to get on screen. “So now I say, ‘Oh, I’ve got to get my face in!’” she laughed. “So I suppose, I wasn’t in awe so that I couldn’t speak to him, but it was just extraordinary to be working with him.”       Annette has played plenty of memorable characters on TV over the years, including fan favourite Fleur Perkins in Midsomer Murders since 2019. She also played Babe Smith in EastEnders up until 2017, where her character put a curse on her family after they threw her out of The Queen Vic. She has also been busy behind the bar as no-nonsense landlady Mae at the local pub of Richmond Football Club in Apple TV’s award-winning show Ted Lasso. Her other roles include Mrs. Glenna Fitzgibbons in the first season of Outlander, and villainous slitheen Margaret Blaine in the BBC’s Doctor Who. Aside from all her acting endeavours, Annette is also taking part in a fundraiser for Diabetes UK, which will see her swim 22 miles (the equivalent distance of the English Channel) over the course of this month. Donate to her fundraiser on behalf of Diabetes UK here: https://swim22.diabetes.org.uk/fundraising/annette1425#share-page  