Prices are rising across most of the globe, influenced largely, though not exclusively, but lockdowns and the war in Ukraine. In Germany, it is understood this – among other factors – is having a damaging impact on the recently elected Chancellor. His Social Democratic Party (SDP) last a regional election for the second week in a row yesterday, on May 15. Preliminary results suggested that, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany’s most-populous state, the SDP slumped to 26.7 percent, its worst result ever there. This was despite Mr Scholz’s campaign efforts, which saw him visit the state on several occasions. FOCUS Online correspondent Ulrich Reitz said the result was deserved – that the Chancellor was getting his “comeuppance” – having focussed on the “Berlin bubble” and “ignored the price shock in the rest of the country”. He wrote that “Stable Germany” has now become “Expensive Germany”, a topic which more and more Germans are concerned. Mr Scholz’s Government has taken some steps to counteract rising costs. Tax cuts have been enacted, along with support for energy costs and a scheme incentivising (cheaper) public transport usage. But Mr Reitz’s view of the effectiveness of all this was dim, noting: “In view of inflation of more than seven percent, many people will see this as a drop in the ocean.” READ MORE: Brexiteer Lord Hannan exposes Brussels revenge plot He added: “For them, their lifestyle is threatened in a very tangible way, and this feeling also reaches the middle class, on which Germany's stability depends. “And Vice-Chancellor Robert Habeck's message that ‘we are all’ getting poorer has stuck with the middle class in Germany.” Germany's insecurity is being boosted by the ongoing war in Ukraine. Mr Scholz’s approval rating has fallen after he was criticised for being too slow in supporting Kyiv against Russia’s “special military operation”. DON'T MISS: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION] Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] Bloomberg reports this has contributed to the SDP’s support slipping across the nation. Mr Reitz went so far as to suggest the German people are “probably more [insecure] than at any time since the end of the Second World War” and are in need of leadership. He stressed “they are not getting [this] from Olaf Scholz. Higher inflation expectations and a tighter jobs market mean some experts are predicting the UK’s cost crisis will be worse and more long-lasting than that of other European countries. Former Bank of England Monetary Policy Committee member Kristin Forbes, quoted in the Telegraph, said: “There are about six factors that feed through into inflation and the UK hits every box.” When asked their opinions on the weight of the ongoing ‘Partygate’ row in comparison to the cost of living crisis, voters in Stoke told Express.co.uk earlier this month the latter was the one that made them most exercised. Additional reporting by Monika Pallenberg.