Amber Heard is currently giving evidence after Johnny Depp launched a $50 million defamation trial against her.  Yesterday, Heard claimed that her ex-husband had been visiting a woman with whom he'd previously had a sexual relationship, heading to her house almost immediately after the pair arrived in Los Angeles following their wedding. Heard claims she made the shock discovery after The Pirates of The Caribbean actor fell asleep, leaving his text messages visible. "I found his iPad open, he had been texting someone with it open [and] he had passed out," Amber told the court. "I saw he was texting a woman he had a relationship with on and off at the beginning of our relationship so I recognised the name - but the date was right after the wedding." Amber claimed: “I saw he had gone to her house right after we got married, like upon touching down in Los Angeles. READ NOW: Amber Heard's low-cut charity event dress she says sparked fury shown "I think it was the next day he went to this woman’s house, who he [had] a sexual relationship with. "He'd ripped my heart out. It was... unbelievably painful." Amber claimed that she "freaked out" when she saw the messages pointing to his alleged infidelity. “I just remember being so mad at him for cheating on me and doing so in this way, right after the wedding,” the tearful Aquaman star told the court. She added: "Then Australia happened, and it just felt like everything came crashing down." Amber was referring to a work trip Down Under during which the tip of Johnny's finger was severed and he had to be rushed to hospital to reattach it. He claimed that Amber was responsible for slicing his finger when she threw a vodka bottle at him and it landed on his hand. However Johnny's doctor, who arrived at the property to give medical assistance that night, has testified that the actor told him in text messages that he had cut his finger himself. DON'T MISS... Nicole Kidman, 54, looks almost unrecognisable in make-up free photo [PHOTOS] Richard Gere, 72, looks loved up with third wife Alejandra Silva, 39 [INSIGHT] Andrea McLean watches Met Gala from afar as she turns up uninvited [LATEST] Amber also claims she was sexually assaulted with a liquor bottle that night, in a fierce argument over whether she had slept with co-stars including Billy Bob Thornton. "At some point he’s on top of me, screaming 'I f*****g hate you, you ruined my f*****g life',” Amber testified. “He had me by the neck and was on top of me. My back was on the countertop... I felt this pressure on my pubic bone and I could feel his arm moving. It looked like he was punching me," she claimed. “I remember not wanting to move because I didn’t know if the bottle that he had inside me was broken.” The actress claimed that violent outbursts were triggered by possessive sexual jealousy, and claimed she'd been kicked in the back by Johnny in an argument about former co-star James Franco. James had initially been expected to testify in the case, along with Elon Musk, the billionaire ex-boyfriend she dated in 2016 after breaking up with Johnny, but it has since been revealed that neither will be appearing. "He called me a slut” for [sex] scenes," Amber claimed, "[and] I had to eggshell or tiptoe around him." She also claimed he threw a bottle at her one time which left her fearing she had a "broken nose" and that he had threatened to "carve up" her face with another bottle on a different occasion. Johnny is suing for $50 million over the damage that he says an article she wrote about suffering domestic violence did to his reputation and career, and Amber is countersuing for $100 million.