The GB News presenter argued that Brussels had reached a “new low” by strictly enforcing the protocol harming “our beloved Northern Ireland” which he argues is the “jewel in this country’s crown”. Mr Dolan said the protocol “disgracefully divides our country” and is about as useful as a “condom in a monastery”.  He said : “I voted remain in 2016 but thank God we’re out. I’m loving Brexit. It's annoying all the right people, God bless each and every one of you who voted for it. “We’ve seen the European Union tear up the rule book over vaccine supplies and ignore business contract law. “When they went after AstraZeneca who made a vaccine that Emmanuel Macron called ineffective probably because it was British, and which Angela Merkel, probably the most overrated politician of the last few decades, said she probably wouldn’t have. “Their behaviour during the vaccine row was symptomatic of the culture of that place, arrogance, dishonesty and naked politics.   “We’re seeing it all over again with our beloved Northern Ireland, the jewel in this country’s crown. “The needless politicisation and weaponization of this country’s geography has got to be an all time low for Brussels. “By needlessly and overzealously policing that invisible border down the Irish Sea the EU have knowingly restarted the troubles with unionist groups in Northern Ireland increasingly restless and angry. “With the DUP today announcing they will not participate in a Northern Ireland administration until the protocol is resolved, this protocol which disgracefully divides our country is about as useful as a condom in a monastery, existing purely to prevent a hard border between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland. READ MORE: 'More willing to humiliate us than Russia!' Frost attacks Macron “Something the Republic would never do and something the UK would never do. So why the hell do we have it?” Mr Dolan speculated that the protocol could be a form of “punishment” for Brexit and vowed that the UK could win a trade war with the EU declaring “we’re good at winning wars in Europe”. He said: “ I wonder if it’s punishment for Brexit? Of course we should have never signed up to the protocol in the first place. “But you’ve got to hand it to Boris Johnson who is the arch pragmatist. DON'T MISS:  Dr Shola slams Brexit and says UK is 'led by donkeys'  [REVEAL] The EU will never forgive us: former Tory advisor slams NI negotiation [INSIGHT] Brexit LIVE: DUP 'ransom' threatens six months of chaos as row over   [SPOTLIGHT] “He does like to get things done and I think he knew there would be trouble ahead and in the end his protocol would be considered not fit for purpose and chucked out. “And if it comes to it let’s have a trade war with Europe, we’re good at winning wars in Europe.” 