Richard Palmer and Pandora Forsyth sat down to discuss Prince William's public support for 17-year old footballer Jack Daniels, who came out as openly gay this week, via a public statement. Mr Palmer compared Prince William's support to his mother Princess Diana's work, as she was known to help break stigmas attached to those in society who were suffering from HIV and Aids during the 80s. The Royal correspondent claimed that this was a sign of a change in the Monarchy. And then went on to discuss Britain's first openly gay footballer Justin Fashnu, who came out over 30-years ago in 1990.  Mr Palmer told Express Royal Round Up: "Yes again I think again, a sign of the change in the Monarchy. "It's hard to imagine previous generations, members of the Royal Family perhaps doing this. "I mean I guess Diana broke the mould with her work with HIV, Aids patients, and particularly gay men. "At a time when people were just completely shunning gay men. JUST IN: Met Office weather warning: Blood rain set to strike as thunderstorm alert raised     "Because they thought that they could get this horrible disease in all sorts of ways that weren't possible. "So anyway, I mean William is president of the football association so it sort of falls within his ambit to talk about that anyway. "And it is a landmark moment for this country, I think Justin Fashanu was the only other professional footballer to of come out. "That was over 30 years ago." READ MORE: Russian soldier accused of war crimes pleads guilty to killing civilian in landmark trial In a statement on Twitter, Prince William said: "Football should be a game for everyone. What Jake has done takes courage and will hopefully help break down barriers that have no place in our society. I hope his decision to speak openly gives others the confidence to do the same."  Mr Daniels added: "But off the field, I am hiding my true self and who I really am. All my life I have known that I am gay and now I feel ready to come out and be myself.