From flies to ants and spiders, these insects can be a huge problem in the warmer months as they enter your property to find food. They can enter through cracks in walls, open doors as well as windows. While it can be hard to eradicate them completely, experts have shared how eucalyptus can act as a deterrent to pests and have listed three ways to use it. With its soothing organic tones and minimalist aesthetic, it is no surprise that eucalyptus is setting trends in the design industry. But its power stretches far beyond its style. Experts suggest using the popular plant to keep insects out of your home, and their advice is right on time. The warmer months see insects emerge from hibernation and produce many generations of offspring throughout the summer. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to keep spiders out the home using ‘super easy’ way So, those looking for a natural way to keep insects out of the house, then this is one of the best houseplants for the job. Garden expert Jeremy Yamaguchi of Love Lawn explained that insects are deterred by eucalyptus’ “strong smell”. So, those looking for the most effective way to use eucalyptus, he recommends pure eucalyptus oil that is easily spreadable around the home. He said: “Pests are alarmed by strong smells, and eucalyptus is typically not a smell that is native to the area. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to remove yellow pillow stains - ‘easiest way’ [TIPS]Gardening tips: ‘Best time of day’ to water your garden plants [EXPERT]Cleaning: How to remove limescale from toilets - ‘cheap trick’ [COMMENT] “Its unfamiliarity combined with its potency causes pests to perceive it as a threat.” However, you can use all the natural deterrents you want, but if you have holes or spaces for pests to enter your house, they will - so fix those spots first. If, for some reason, you can't seal those entry points, make those points the focus of your eucalyptus placement for maximum deterrent efficiency. It is important to note, however, that this oil can be harmful to animals, so it is best to use it with caution if you have a pet. As Jeremy suggested, homeowners can use eucalyptus oil to deter insects this summer, but they can also incorporate eucalyptus into their indoor and outdoor garden ideas with eucalyptus trees too. Lindsey Hyland, the gardening expert and the founder of Urban Organic Yield suggests filling a diffuser with eucalyptus oil to keep insects out of the house. She said: “This scent will help to repel insects and keep them away from your home.” You can also mix water and eucalyptus oil to create a homemade bug spray which Lindsey suggests will deter insects from coming into your home. It is best to spray the mixture in problematic areas where the insects are likely to enter your home. Eucalyptus is at the peak of interior and garden trends this season, so it is only natural that you will want to enjoy the plant itself. While the scent is not as powerful as the oil, these plants will still help keep insects at bay. Lindsey suggests that eucalyptus trees can help keep insects away as they will create a “barrier between your home and the insects”.