In a ruling family, any child born after the first is dubbed as 'the spare'. The term 'heir and the spare' is a dominating concept in the Royal Family. As the second child of Prince Charles and the late Princess Diana, Prince Harry was "the spare" to his elder brother Prince William. As they have grown up, their roles within the institution have become more prominent and according to royal expert Omid Scobie, who is the co-author of Finding Freedom, Prince Harry was "forced to go out into the world and find that purpose". Speaking on the latest episode of Vanity Fair's royal podcast Dynasty, Mr Scobie said: "He [Harry] was the spare that was forced to go out into the world and find that purpose for himself. "By doing so, he becomes a military hero in the veteran community around the world, a position that he still stands as active in today". He added: "I think that this is really only the beginning for him. "I think that his story, his journey, is going to be far more interesting than any other member of the Royal Family, that is still in the same age range [as him]". READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: This is urgent! Queen sent warning over Harry role as William steps in Prince Harry served in the Army for ten years, rising to the rank of Captain and undertaking two tours of Afghanistan. In January 2006, Clarence House confirmed that Harry was to join the Blues and Royals. His decision to leave the military was confirmed in March 2015. He ended his military career at the rank of Captain in June 2015, following a secondment to the Australian military. READ MORE: 'Boss' Princess Anne used protection officer as footrest in bizarre encounter 'My man!' After leaving the army, Prince Harry struggled with adjusting to royal life. Speaking recently to Lorraine, royal author Tina Brown discussed that Harry struggled with the "number two" treatment he endured. She said: "[Harry] served his country, went twice to Afghanistan, he was super brave, it was a great success - his whole military career. In 2014, Prince Harry launched the Invictus Games. At the time, in a press release, the Duke said: “At its heart, the Invictus Games is about empowering every single person around the world". Last month, Harry and his wife Meghan Markle travelled to The Hague in the Netherlands to attend this year's games. In 2020, the couple announced they were to step down as senior working royals. In their official announcement, they declared to "work to become financially independent".