 On Wednesday, Russia declared it had fired two Kalibr cruise missiles from a submarine in the Black Sea upon Ukrainian targets. The Kremlin also renewed its warning that it would attempt to attack shipments of NATO weaponry to Ukraine.    Russia previously stated that it had conducted similar attacks from a Submarine at the end of April. The Russian Defence Ministry released footage of the missiles being launched from the submarine and stated they had hit unspecified Ukrainian targets. The ministry announced previously that it had incapacitated six railway stations in Ukraine used to supply Ukrainian forces with Western weapons by bombing their power supplies. The claim from the Kremlin has not yet been verified and the Kremlin has not revealed which weapons were supplied to Ukrainian forces via those railway routes.    Earlier on Wednesday, Russia’s Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu addressed Defence Ministry officials at a conference. He warned that Moscow would aim to destroy shipments from NATO to Ukraine which have increased in recent weeks. He said: “The United States and its NATO allies are continuing to pump weapons into Ukraine. “We view any transport of NATO arriving on the territory of the country with weapons or materials destined to the Ukrainian army as a target to be destroyed”. READ MORE: The Queen's 'best bad mood' was telling Prince William off  The Chief of Staff Valery Gerasimov was shown to be at the conference with the defence officials. It had been reported by the United States on Monday that Gerasimov was in Ukraine’s eastern Donbas region last week, but it was unconfirmed if he was wounded during the fighting. Meanwhile, NATO is shoring up defences on its eastern borders with a delivery of Patriot missiles to Slovakia which was delivered by a Dutch convoy. DON'T MISS:Durham Police should reopen Keir Starmer beer probe – POLL (POLL)Cleaning: How to clean washing machine drawers - 'cheap and effective’ (INSIGHT)London Crossrail opening date confirmed after delays (REVEAL)  The ground-based Patriot systems will form part of NATO’s Integrated Air and Missile Defence System which aims to protect alliance territory from air and missile attacks. NATO are also busy preparing for the Madrid Summit at the end of June where the members will discuss the Madrid Strategic Concept. NATO secretary general Jens Stoltenberg said: “The Madrid Strategic Concept will reflect the new security environment, recommit to our values, and reaffirm our unity, ensuring that our Alliance is fit for the future.” 