Ian Wright has declared "this is where Arsenal are at" following their expected failure to finish in the Premier League top four this season. Arsenal have lost back-to-back league matches against Tottenham and Newcastle to leave their Champions League qualification hopes hanging by a thread. The Gunners need to beat Everton at the Emirates on Sunday and hope relegated Norwich overcome Spurs at Carrow Road. If that does not happen, Mikel Arteta's side will have to settle for Europa League football next term. Arsenal cannot finish any lower than fifth and ahead of the campaign Wright believed sixth would equate to progress for his old side. He is sticking by that assessment despite the disappointment of how the season is set to finish. Wright said on the Kelly & Wrighty Show: "I said if Arsenal could finish sixth, because they finished eighth the previous season and I think the previous season before was eighth as well, that is good progress and steady progress as well. This season gave them a little look into what it could be like being in fourth, what market you can start shopping in." READ MORE: Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag questioned over two 'unimaginative' targets  Wright believes Arsenal were punching above their weight when they were sitting in fourth. And he has given them a reality check by saying it has been proven they are not ready to be in the Champions League yet. He added: "But this season, it's Icarus, they flew close to the sun and the fans went with them with their eyes wide open, but they've been burnt by the glare. What we've seen is that right when it really matters, the players just did not respond. "They didn't respond in a pressurised situation because at some stage, no matter how poorly Tottenham and Man United's consistency has been, you get yourselves in a position like that, there comes a time where it comes down to you and go and get that now. The two games against Tottenham, it didn't happen, and against Newcastle it didn't happen. DON'T MISSMan Utd once 'agreed' a swap deal involving Juventus star Paulo Dybala [GOSSIP]'Feeling' Sir Jim Ratcliffe wants to buy Man Utd from the Glazers after failed Chelsea bid [REPORT]Man Utd owners the Glazers look set to break transfer tradition for Erik ten Hag [TRANSFERS] "That was just the tipping edge of 'this is where we are, this is where we are'. Sixth, back into the Europa League and steady progression. It was a disappointment but not a failure." Arsenal will still be without Thomas Partey and Kieran Tierney for the visit of Everton on Sunday. Takehiro Tomiyasu could also be a doubt after limping off at St James' Park. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here