You hear this from people who are not on our side. Deep down, the world knows exactly who we are and so do we. Why? Because you can see it etched in our history anytime you care to take a look. It comes from never choosing the easy path. We are a garrulous and an unpredictable nation. Going back to the Napoleonic wars, rather than do a deal, with the French revolutionary government as so many European countries did, Britain took the harder path and built an alliance of nations that eventually won at Waterloo. In the Second World War it would’ve been easier to do a deal with Hitler. We didn’t. No matter that we were alone, bankrupt from the 1930s with no modern air force and without America as an ally. We believed in ourselves and fought it out. In 1982, it would’ve been easier to let Argentina take over the Falklands. America was not supporting us again. France was actively selling weapons to our adversary. The islands were thousands of miles away. The nearest airport for supply was Ascension. We believed in ourselves again and fought it out. Brexit, Covid and the Ukraine showed the pattern again. Brexit, in particular, showed this awkward strain in sharp contrast. It would’ve been so much easier to disregard the democratic wishes of the British people. Remember that the Referendum was only ever an advisory poll. We weren’t bound by it. But the Government accepted that the British people had made their mind up and implemented its wishes. Many who voted remain also accepted the result. We should not forget that. What sort of country would be it where politicians in a democracy simply ignore their electors? The pattern is that we believe in ourselves and go our own way. We were the first to leave Europe. People said it couldn’t be done. We were first to develop a vaccine. Then we were first to get it rolled out at scale. We were first to arm and train the Ukrainians. We have always met our commitments to NATO, even when our partners did not. We are championing trade as a force for good in the world.   We are arguing for regulation based on adequacy and equivalence as opposed to harmonization. It’s not easy when you believe in very specific values. When you are independently minded you end up in conflict with others from time to time. Yet this is what happens when your country believes in itself. Life isn’t easy. What is harder to see is the effect this attitude has on those around us. It’s highly influential. What happens here matters because it’s the story of all progress. New ideas and new thinking always arrive as a minority. It was American Margaret Mead that said: “Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed, citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has.” Consequently, we can find ourselves in a minority. We can find ourselves alone. But that’s often where leadership finds itself. When the airborne divisions landed in Normandy in the second world war they were surrounded by their enemies. That’s entirely normal for paratroopers. So it is for nations that lead the way. That is what Britain does. We don’t need a new role. We just need to be ourselves. 