It boasts a flowing brook, a pool dammed by beavers, a beavers lodge, a dry-stone wall, a riparian meadow, an old timber walkway, native wildflowers and a soundscape. RHS Chair of Judges, James Alexander-Sinclair, said designers Lulu Urquhart and Adam Hunt’s award-winning landscape designed for the charity ‘Rewilding Britain’, was “exquisite”. RHS Chair of Judges, James Alexander-Sinclair, said designers Lulu Urquhart and Adam Hunt’s award-winning landscape designed for the charity ‘Rewilding Britain’, was “exquisite”. He said: “It’s exciting to be back at the RHS Chelsea Flower Show in May, and while all of this year’s gardens are sensational, a few really stood out. “It was a hard-fought debate between the members of the judging panel to decide which garden to award Best in Show. “In the end, all the judges were captivated by the skill, endeavour and charm of A Rewilding Britain Landscape – every step is exquisite.” The main aim of the landscape, built by Landscape Associates, is to teach visitors about how eco-engineers like beavers can reverse the loss of nature in Britain. Natural bewilders, beaver’s dams create nature-rich wetlands which support other species and act as a carbon sink, which can also reduce the risk of flooding by holding back stormwater flow. In a joint statement, Ms Urquhart and Mr Hunt who took Gold for the second year in a row that first-time designers have taken the top prize, said: “It is more pressing than ever for us as humans to reconnect with our own habitat, the earth, and work within the systems that hold us and give us clean air, waters, nourishment and our home. “This is our moment to bring this, in all its beauty, to visitors of the show.”  READ MORE: Why Queen used £62K buggy at Chelsea Flower Show  Rebecca Wrigley, Rewilding Britain Chief Executive, added: “We’re thrilled that Urquhart and Hunt’s inspiring garden is spotlighting rewilding’s message of hope.” Best Construction in the Show Garden category went to the MEDITE SMARTPLY Building the Future Garden, and was also awarded Gold, marking the 13th medal for RHS Chelsea’s most decorated designer Sarah Eberle. The garden, which is the 101st built by Mark Gregory’s Landform Consultants, showcases sustainable construction materials in an "edge-of-forest" setting, featuring a waterfall and a building inspired by rock strata constructed from MEDITE SMARTPLY. The other Gold medal winners in the Show Garden category were "The Mind Garden" by Crocus; Ruth Willmott Associates’ "The Morris & Co. Garden"; "The Meta Garden: Growing the Future" by Joe Perkins; and a 14th Chelsea Gold for Chris Beardshaw with "The RNLI Garden".   DON'T MISSPrince Charles's reign over UK to be 'interregnum' (ANALYSIS)Ferrari erupts at rail workers as he hits out at upcoming strike (COMMENT)Queen thrills crowds at Chelsea Flower Show cruising in £62k buggy (VIDEO) The garden, which is the 101st built by Mark Gregory’s Landform Consultants, showcases sustainable construction materials in an "edge-of-forest" setting, featuring a waterfall and a building inspired by rock strata constructed from MEDITE SMARTPLY. The other Gold medal winners in the Show Garden category were "The Mind Garden" by Crocus; Ruth Willmott Associates’ "The Morris & Co. Garden"; "The Meta Garden: Growing the Future" by Joe Perkins; and a 14th Chelsea Gold for Chris Beardshaw with "The RNLI Garden".