As a child of the last war - my primary school years neatly encompassed the whole of it - I (and everyone else) was exposed to wartime drama which built very close family ties as trips away any distance were a non-event. Ill-health was a given. I, along with all others, acquired in sequence: * whooping cough * measles * german measles (this left me hard of hearing while another child in our class actually died from it) * mumps * chickenpox * meningitis (this acquired at 11 plus age left me even deafer - and the child who gave it to me died) * and finally polio. I did escape scarlet fever. However as antibiotics were not available I also was riddled with infection and in 1940 sent to a makeshift hospital near the banks of the Thames called Goodmayes where my tonsils and adenoids were removed in one day. Two days later most of my teeth were removed. I was there for two months and parents could visit for two hours only on a Sunday, just two people as there was little room. We were in the midst of fighting a war there and great flashes on the walls which lit up the rooms as the Luftwaffe's bombs dropped. Strangely, I don't recall anyone being frightened.  Dentistry was a nightmare for children as injections were in their infancy and we were constantly told to hold still as the needle contraption that plunged into our jaws would pierce straight into our tongues if we moved. Of course we had to behave as no-one wanted to be a "silly Billy" - that was just how it was. Most people did not buy their own homes and money seemed non-existent as practically the whole of my life it was hardly ever mentioned. You knew you had none, or more accurately just enough to get you and your family to the end of the week with maybe a simple week's holiday a year. But as a topic of conversation it never figured. A joke at the time had the punchline "a handsome husband and a thousand a year!" - at which everyone fell about laughing as of course it was too ridiculous to think of. We had a big group of friends and acquaintances and yet this hankering for money so prevalent today was non-existent We had no money yes as children still had great fun jumping off things and getting dirty and roaming around in ways I would not contemplate my great grandchild doing now... as the world is a very different place. We suffered, laughed, got smacked, sulked, answered back, got smacked, sent to our rooms. Oh and did I mention getting smacked! Dad's made our toys and toboggans because we had hot summers in the war but freezing snowy winters. Mums knitted and made our dresses and everyone darned socks. I always thought there was more fun in the war when parks had dancing for everyone on the long evenings of double summertime before we retreated behind the hated blackout curtains waiting for the ARP man (often one's Dad) walking along the road shouting out that he could see a chink of light. We watched the "thousand bomber raids" go out above us and Battle of Britain dog fights on our way to school as we were only 13 miles from London. Adults would tell us not to look up as some poor devil was likely to be killed. What has this to do with today? A great deal. People suffered. Men did not come home from war, others were killed by a direct hit on a shelter and sickness was always a risk to life. But I believe we were all more buoyant. Yes, it was true hardship by today's standards (no central heating or double glazing!) And yet people still laughed and loved and sang along with Vera Lynn. Britain has lost something important, something which came to the fore in the war. Perhaps discipline, perhaps respect, a sense of community, and yes a love of ones country. These things may not be lost forever but Britain needs to find them soon because they have rarely been so needed. 