Other clothing-related points included being able to wear summer outfits and open-toe shoes. Having the windows open, sitting in a pub beer garden, and bank holidays also featured. It also emerged more than three-quarters think the sunny season positively impacts their mood, leaving them feeling happy (48 percent), relaxed (44 percent), and healthy (36 percent). And 59 percent believe the weather helps add a bit of sparkle to their everyday routine, with 74 percent saying everyone is happier during summer. The research, commissioned by evian to celebrate the launch of its new “Sparkling” drink, found other things the nation is excited for this year are Wimbledon – in particular seeing Emma Raducanu – as well as playing sports outside, and hosting and attending barbeques. Dillon McEvoy, from evian UK, said: “Almost half of those polled admitted this will be their first “normal” summer since pre-pandemic. “We’re glad to see key summer moments, such as picnics and eating outside, topping the list, and not having to wear a coat everywhere coming in at the top spot – it’s clearly the little moments that help add a touch of sparkle to our lives. “As a longstanding sponsor of Wimbledon, we’re particularly excited to invite our Global Brand Ambassador, Emma Raducanu, in our VIP Suite at The Championships, and can’t wait to get cans in people’s hands – whether that be after a game of tennis, or during barbecue with friends.” The study also found almost two-thirds (64 percent) said the majority of their socialising takes place outdoors in summer, with people expecting to attend an average of five picnics and five barbeques this year. The favourite summer dining occasions include eating in the garden (41 percent) and picnics in parks (29 percent). And a further 72 percent of those polled, via OnePoll, said summer makes even the most mundane tasks enjoyable. Supporting evian’s “Sparkling” campaign is former Made in Chelsea star and renewable energy activist, James Dunmore. He said: “This summer, I’m most excited to spend time with my friends and family, including my wife Lucy and the dogs, of course – whether that’s at the beach or by having a picnic. “Spending time with the people closest to me is what adds a touch of sparkle to my every day. “This is why I’m thrilled to be part of this campaign and learn how other Brits enjoy spending their warmer months.” TOP 50 THINGS BRITS ARE LOOKING FORWARD TO THIS SUMMER: