Yes, father and daughter have been estranged for four years for a whole host of reasons but surely a catastrophic stroke which could at some point prove fatal be the reason to put squabbles and grievances aside. We know that Meghan and Harry are due in the UK this week to help celebrate the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. But do we imagine for one second that Her Majesty would have minded if Meghan had telephoned her and said she needed to be with her father? I’m pretty sure that the Queen, of all people, would have understood and told her, without rancour, she must do what she had to do. But Meghan hasn’t done that and one has to wonder why. The Windsors are a family she doesn’t much like. That infamous Oprah interview made that clear. She branded them racists, trashed their reputation around the world and has been almost totally estranged from them for two years. Why wouldn’t she choose to be at her sick father’s bedside rather than at the Platinum Jubilee celebrations with a family I think she has no time for and a country (the UK) she cares for even less. She must know that if Thomas Markle has another stroke it could be fatal and surely she’d want to make things right with him before he dies? I wrote in my Daily Express column last week that if Meghan’s heart took her to visit the makeshift memorial to the tragic victims of Ulvade it should also have taken her to San Diego, to be her father’s bedside. I said that this was a woman whose “brand” is caring and compassion and I asked why she couldn’t find it in that heart to throw a bit of that compassion Thomas Markle’s way. Because if ever there was a time he needed it – it’s right now. What do you think? Join the debate in the comments section here.   Children and parents fall out all the time. A tangled weave of complicated reasons can hinder reconciliation but the biggest roadblock is usually pride and zero will to reconcile. People are angry, they’re hurt, they feel wronged. But all that can be put aside if there’s the will to do so. It’s astonishing to me that Harry has never met Thomas Markle. Even more astonishing his daughter wouldn’t want to be with him if his life was in danger. Yes, Meghan’s aggrieved that her father chose to speak to the media in the run up to their wedding back in May 2018. But she and Harry must know that some of the responsibility for that lies with them. They left a vulnerable, elderly man to deal with the world’s media that was banging at his door demanding information about his daughter who was going to marry into the Royal Family. They should have thrown a protective arm around him, brought him to England, helped him cope with the worldwide frenzy surrounding their marriage. But they didn’t. I believe that they abandoned him. So yes, Thomas Markle made bad decisions. Yes, he talked to people he shouldn’t have but now he’s a sick old man now who needs help but most of all love. There’s been fault on both sides here – whatever Meghan chooses to tell herself. But fault doesn’t actually matter if someone you love dies and you choose not to say goodbye. Because deliberately staying away from someone in that situation doesn’t just devastate and in some cases destroy the person you’re staying away from it can also eat into the soul and destroy the person who’s staying away. We’re told Meghan is concerned that contacting her father will mean having to communicate with her half-siblings Thomas Jr and Samantha. Well if it does – suck it up Meghan. This is the man who loved and cared for you while you were growing up; a man who you were once devoted to. Insiders say that she’s afraid Samantha and Thomas Jr will talk to the media. Er, talk about pot and kettle! Let’s remember Meghan and Harry aren’t averse to talking to the media themselves when it suits and is profitable for them. But forget all that – this is her dad we’re talking about here. And she may not have him for much longer.  If Meghan does “reach out”, if she swallows her pride and whatever hurt she feels it won’t just help Thomas Markle it’ll help her too. Because I think however much she’s convinced herself she doesn’t want her father in her life, no matter how much she believes he has betrayed her the fact is NOT making her peace, not saying goodbye, not telling the father she adored that she loves him will leave scars on HER that will never heal. Or at least it would with most people. Once, when Meghan was talking about miscarriage and her sense of loss she said: “I grieve a lot. I mean, I’ve lost my father. I lost a baby.” No, she hasn’t lost her father. He’s still alive, unable to speak and I’ll bet pretty damn desperate for his precious daughter to get in touch. So what’s stopping her? Now’s not the time for pride, hurt feelings or resentment. Because I believe whatever hurt she’s feeling now it’ll be nothing to the hurt, the guilt, the regret she’ll feel if she doesn’t take her father in her arms again while he’s still here. 