The Chase returned for its final instalment of the week as Bradley Walsh welcomed four new players to the ITV game show. When final player Natasha took to the stand for her cash builder round, she sparked a frenzy online when she believed Yorkshire was the “northernmost part of the United Kingdom”. In fact, many fans didn’t believe she would make it to the Final Chase after taking on Darragh ‘The Menace’ Ennis. Bradley asked: “What country forms the northernmost part of the United Kingdom?” Natasha took a lengthy pause as she pondered the question before answering: “Yorkshire.” “Scotland,” Bradley replied before swiftly moving onto the next question. “ITV launched The Big Match as an alternative to what BBC football programme.” READ MORE: BBC star in bias row after false claim over death of cleaner Again, Natasha did not know the answer but decided to “pass” as the host confirmed it was “Match of the Day”. “The Golden Age of what Chinese dynasty began at the start of the 15th Century,” Bradley continued. Natasha passed again as Bradley revealed it was “Ming” before continuing: “Black Rod is an official in which of the Houses of Parliament?” Natasha once more did not know the answer and at the end of her cash builder had only accrued £1000.” In the hopes of making it back to take part in the Final Chase, Natasha opted for the low offer of £500 from Darragh. Despite getting many of her questions incorrect or passing, it was her answer about Yorkshire which caught the attention of viewers on Twitter. Alice posted: “Please tell me she did not just say Yorkshire #thechase.” Uncle Zen added: “Yorkshire has gone rogue! #TheChase.” DON'T MISS...Bradley Walsh issues warning to The Chase player during tense round [WATCH]The Chase forced to undergo major change by ITV boss 'Boring' [INSIGHT]Jenny Ryan issues apology as she's forced to pull out of show [LATEST] @Phoenix_195 shared: “Tell me she didn’t think Yorkshire was a country… #TheChase.” Gavin Lloyd Branch tweeted: “What country forms the northernmost point of the UK? “Yorkshire” f*cking hell #TheChase.” Ian Cawdrey continued: “‘What country forms the most northern part of the United Kingdom…Yorkshire’ - got to love #TheChase @ITV.” Bernadette O posted: “Natasha….. Yorkshire is NOT a f*cking country!! #TheChase.” In the end, Natasha and Steve won £5,500 as chaser Darragh answered the final question too late. The pair won the jackpot within a 100th of a second and Darragh explained: “That wasn’t the greatest performance from me in the final.” Despite Natasha struggling in her cash builder round and two contestants being knocked out, they proved it was still possible to win. The Chase airs weekdays on ITV from 5pm.