Arsenal reportedly remain confident of landing Manchester City's Gabriel Jesus despite seeing their Champions League dreams crushed. The Gunners suffered successive Premier League defeats to Tottenham and Newcastle to leave their top-four aspirations in tatters, however the North Londoners are still optimistic over landing Jesus for a number of reasons.  The City attacker is believed to be one of Arsenal's key targets this summer as they look to address the club's well-publicised need for a new striker. A potential agreement appeared in the offing, however, two defeats on the bounce has all but left the Gunners unable to offer the attractive prospect of playing in Europe's elite club competition next season. Despite that, Arsenal are said to remain confident they will be able to finalise a deal for the Brazilian. According to The Athletic, the Gunners are optimistic they will still be able to land top targets such as Jesus as they feel the project, the city and the club remain enticing reasons to join. It is understood Mikel Arteta and technical director Edu will still be afforded a substantial budget to spend on incomings this summer, though the club will miss out on significant funds which would have arrived as a result of Champions League qualification. Progression to the competition's latter stages sees successful clubs earn tens of millions in prize money - a sizeable contribution towards potential transfers. READ MORE: Arsenal defeat to Newcastle creates complications with leading transfer targets  Arsenal are understood to have made initial enquiries over Jesus back in November and the Brazilian is said to be open to leaving City in order to seek more regular first-team football ahead of Erling Haaland's impending arrival at the Etihad. Edu has reportedly established a close relationship with both Jesus' agent and the player himself amid reports that Arsenal are expected to lodge an official bid in the region of £35million this summer. However, the Gunners are understood to face stiff competition over the City forward. Newcastle are said to be interested in the attacker as their ambitious owners eye high-profile acquisitions this summer, while Serie A duo Juventus and AC Milan have also been linked. DON'T MISSArsenal to back Arteta with 'heavy' investment despite CL failureErik ten Hag snubs Ajax end-of-season trip as 'there is a lot to do' at Manchester United Everton to investigate allegations of racism from Brentford duo Ivan Toney and Rico Henry  Jesus' agent Marcelo Pettinati recently revealed that the prospect of his client moving to Arsenal had been discussed and was under consideration. Pettinati told Fabrizio Romano: “We had talks with Arsenal about Gabriel Jesus, we like the project - it’s a possibility we’re discussing." Leicester's Youri Tielemans is another understood to be high up in Arsenal's list of transfer targets as they also look to bolster in midfield. The Belgian appears unlikely to extend his current Foxes deal, which expires in the summer of 2023, and is reportedly eyeing a move to a club offering Champions League football next season.  