Cristiano Ronaldo and Mason Greenwood were reportedly furious when Manchester United faced Newcastle back in December. The Red Devils fell behind that day through Allan Saint-Maximin, who struck with just seven minutes on the clock. But Edinson Cavani’s late goal was enough to rescue a point from the contest at St James’ Park. Back in December, United travelled to Newcastle hoping to put the Toon to the sword. But they produced a dire display at St James’ Park, relying on Cavani’s goal towards the end of the game to return to Manchester with a point to their name. More and more details are now emerging from a horrendous season for United, who have missed out on qualifying for the Champions League. And The Athletic say that, during the interval of the Newcastle game, Ronaldo and Greenwood ‘erupted’ in anger. It’s claimed the duo insisted they wanted quality passes into them. They also didn’t want quick balls ‘just for the sake of it’, with the duo struggling to make their mark during the showdown. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Luckily for United, Cavani’s goal ensured they avoided defeat on that occasion. But disharmony and anger was a regular occurrence at Old Trafford this season, among both fans and players alike. Even after Sunday’s 1-0 defeat to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park, there was controversy involving Cavani. The Uruguay international appeared to swear at fans who were waiting to see them off, in what is set to be his last appearance for the club. United, around the time of the Newcastle game, were hoping to finish in the Premier League top four. Yet as the season went on, it grew increasingly evident that wouldn’t be happening. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Rangnick sought advice from Sir Alex Ferguson amid United’s woes but not even a conversation with the Scot could trigger a turnaround in form. In the end, the German will see his time as United boss as a failure having struggled to get the best from his team. There were often problems behind the scenes, with players having differing views on how training should be. And with Rangnick only employed on an interim basis, it seems United squad members were unable to take to him. Rangnick will now become a consultant for the Red Devils, while he’s also primed to manage the Austria national team. And United will be hopeful they can improve under Erik ten Hag, who was in attendance to watch the Palace game from the stands. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Ronaldo is set to be part of the Dutchman’s plans, with Ten Hag recently calling him a ‘giant’ of the game. “From tomorrow (Monday), my focus will be on United, and I will of course get deep into things there,” he said last week. "What I have to say about it is, the detailed analysis still has to begin, I still have to work with the team, but let me be clear that at United there are a lot of good players around. "We have to make them function as a team but definitely Ronaldo, he is a giant." And Ronaldo reacted to the news of Ten Hag taking over by wishing the former Ajax boss ‘all the best’. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "What I know about him is he did a fantastic job for Ajax, that he's an experienced coach,” he said.“But we need to give him time. "Things need to change the way he wants. "I hope we have success, of course, because, if you have success, all of Manchester is going to have success as well. I wish him the best. "We are happy and excited, not only as players, but the supporters as well. "I wish him the best and let's believe that, next year, we are going to win trophies."