Faraz Khan, an Uber driver, has criticised Leeds Bradford Airport (LBA) after he received a £39 fine on Friday, May 20. He has accused LBA of running a “scam” operation as he made three trips to the airport and his final taxi fare didn't come close to the amount of money he had to pay out. LBA says the recirculation charge is "clearly marked upon entry," however and only lasts one hour after leaving. The father of two dropped off his first passenger at the express car park and the following two to the free one-hour car park. He added that he dropped the holidaymaker off and drove to the barrier, where the machine said he had to pay £39. The driver rang for assistance and they said it was because he had made a recirculated trip, so he has to pay the charge. READ MORE: Drivers could be fined thousands for letting an ambulance go past Mr Khan claimed that he stayed for less than 10 minutes and he is a taxi driver so he has frequent trips to the airport, but they refused to let him through. He said: “Taxi drivers are supposed to be allowed to drop off passengers, it’s public transport. “They didn’t listen to me and said I had to pay or the money would come to my home with more penalties. “The airport, their parking company, they’re scamming the people there. DON'T MISSDriver fined by parking company after being sold non-existing space [SHOCKING]Drivers warned as councils get new powers to fine for traffic offences [WARNING]Drivers warned of large fines for low fuel error - 'No excuse' [RISK OF FINES] “It’s not only me, I’ve spoken to other drivers and they said similar things happened to them recently as well,” he told Leeds Live. The man, from Armley near Leeds, had to pay the hefty bill after dropping off his last customer, with the fare only coming to £8.39. After speaking with Uber, Faraz was told the only option would be to cancel trips to the airport in future, if he thinks he will be in breach of the airport rules. Faraz has been an Uber driver since 2015, and said the airport policy will have irrevocable damage on the Leeds taxi industry as so many trips go to and from there. He fears taxi drivers will lose out on business because of the additional charges. Mr Khan added that in the summer months of June, July and August, they usually make at least four trips to the airport every day. He said “chaos” would ensue when people ask to be picked up from the free one-hour car park as they won’t be able to access it. A spokesperson for Leeds Bradford Airport told Express.co.uk: “Due to continued misuse of the One Hour Free Zone, a recirculation charge was introduced in 2019 to prevent it becoming a prolonged holding area for vehicles. “Before the introduction of the recirculation charge, vehicles would loop round indefinitely, limiting access to the facility for all passengers. “The recirculation charge is clearly marked upon entry in the One Hour Free Zone and within the car park itself. “Vehicles are welcome to re-enter the One Hour Free Zone one hour after leaving.” It clarified that a vehicle cannot re-enter the car park within an hour of leaving, if they do a recirculation charge will be levied. As an alternative to the One Hour Free Zone, there is a separate dedicated Pick Up and Drop Off car park offering up to 10 mins of parking for £5.