We've been left very smitten by the Sonos Ray. The compact size makes it perfect for smaller rooms – like a bedroom or a playroom – while the sound really impresses. Don't be fooled by the small footprint, the Sonos Ray can comfortably fill a medium room with sound during an explosive car chase in the latest Hollywood blockbuster or when cranked up for your favourite song. And of course, Ray pairs seamlessly with any other speaker in the Sonos lineup, including the very affordable Symfonisk range produced in collaboration with IKEA. Sonos Ray is not a budget soundbar by any definition, but at £279, this is a much more affordable option than the Sonos Beam 2 (£449) or Sonos Arc (£889). And £279 feels like a very reasonable price for a soundbar that sounds this good and boasts the same premium, minimalist design as the other soundbars in the Sonos lineup. If you're looking to upgrade the audio from your flatscreen telly and want the flexibility to build out a wireless sound system throughout your house, the Ray is the best Sonos speaker deal you'll find today. Sonos Ray can be controlled with the same superb Sonos companion app on iPhone, Android, iPad, Mac and Windows. This lets you build a queue of tracks with albums and playlists from over 50 different streaming services, including Apple Music, YouTube Music, Deezer, TiDAL, Spotify, and many more. The app also supports audiobooks, podcasts and live radio stations, so you'll still get plenty of use from your soundbar – even when the television is turned off. Apple's AirPlay 2 standard is supported out-of-the-box too. And since this is a product from Sonos, we'd expect a thriving market for mounting brackets, stands and other accessories for this well-balanced soundbar in the coming months. That level of support is available with every other speaker from the US company and isn't available from lesser-known soundbar brands you might stumble across on Amazon. But while the Sonos Ray has scored really highly with us ...it's not perfect. It only supports an optical connection, which isn't as convenient as HDMI ARC and eARC technology. Plus, there's no far-field microphone array built in (something that privacy-conscious buyers might see as another positive for the soundbar) which means Ray doesn't support Google Assistant or Amazon Alexa out-of-the-box. Instead, you'll need to hook up the Sonos Ray to an Echo Dot or Google Nest Mini to be able to request songs, control playback, ask for updates on the news and weather, and set the volume using only your voice. In our mind, these are pretty minor gripes. If you have a number of Sonos or AirPlay 2-enabled speakers at home already (or are thinking of buying some in the near future), the Sonos Ray is a perfect and affordable starting point to kit out your home with superb wireless sound. Not to mention, the clever Speech Enhancement and Night Sound modes will ensure you won't have to continuously adjust the volume during your latest boxset binge or blockbuster movie night. In a packed lineup of excellent speakers, Sonos' all-new soundbar still manages to really shine. From the moment you take the Sonos Ray out of the fully recyclable packaging, this all-new soundbar is a complete breeze to set up. Simply plug the speaker into the mains with the colour-matched power cable in the box, connect the optical lead to the back of your television (more on that cable later), and open the Sonos companion app on your iPhone, iPad, Android smartphone or tablet. And that's it – you're seconds away from listening to music from almost any streaming service or booming audio from your telly. The moment the app launches, an image of the Sonos Ray appears on the screen with simple instructions taking you through each step of the set-up. In under five minutes, we had the Sonos Ray linked to the other Sonos speakers in our home, connected to our flatscreen television, and controllable via the remote that came with our TV and Sky Q box. It really is simple, with the clever Sonos engineers taking all the stress out of setting up external TV speakers. Once you're all set up the first thing you'll notice is how good the Sonos Ray sounds. This soundbar features four Class-D digital amplifiers, two powerful tweeters for clear highs, two full-range mid-woofers and something called a Bass Reflex System which helps boost that all-important bass whilst keeping distortion to a minimum. Despite its small size, this speaker belts out some really impressive audio and it's not just about being loud and brash. Watching an action film you'll hear the booming blast of an explosion, but also the sprinkling sound of shattered glass falling to the floor. Thanks to Speech Enhancement technology, actors' voices are crystal clear and you'll hear every word being spoken without constantly whacking the rewind button. The whole balance of this speaker really is exceptional and different sounds never get muffled no matter how much action is going on on the screen. Even when dealing with explosive movie scenes that switch between whispers and eye-shattering explosions, the Sonos Ray handles everything with aplomb – so you won't need to reach for the remote to adjust the volume, everything sounds brilliant and balanced. If you're not happy with the way things sound out-of-the-box, you can tweak the bass and treble manually via the Sonos app and there's also clever TruePlay technology which is worth setting up each time you move the device to a new room as it adjusts the sound automatically to make sure things are perfect for the space you're sitting in. Another nice feature is Night Sound mode which reduces the intensity of loud effects, so you don't disturb anyone – a perfect addition for when the kids are tucked up in bed. This functionality is available on both the Sonos Beam 2 and Sonos Arc, but in some ways, it makes even more sense with the Sonos Ray since this soundbar is more likely to make an appearance in bedrooms, spare rooms, and playrooms around the house. As we mentioned before, the Ray connects to TVs via an optical cable ...and that's both good and bad. Using an optical wire, rather than the latest HDMI ARC or eARC technology, means this Ray is compatible with more TVs as almost all tellies include this small socket on the rear panel. Whether you want to use the Sonos Ray with an ageing flatscreen, or the latest QLED TV bought in the Black Friday sales – the optical cable will work. The wire that links the two devices is also much thinner than HDMI leads which means things definitely look neater. That's the good news but opting for Optical means the Ray isn't compatible with ear-pleasing Dolby Atmos technology and it also means you have to fiddle with the settings to get your TV remote to work with the speaker. ARC does this for you automatically which is certainly a bonus but it's not a deal-breaker especially as Sonos guides you through the manual processes during set-up. We should point out that we've had no problems using the Optical wire and the lack of voice control is mildly annoying but it's not a reason to avoid buying the Ray. Unlike the pricier Sonos Arc and Sonos Beam, the more affordable Sonos Ray doesn't feature Google Assistant or Alexa support out-of-the-box. That's because there is no far-field microphone array built into the soundbar. As such, you won't be able to bark orders at the Sonos Ray – to ask for your favourite playlists from music streaming services, volume adjustments, or control smart lighting or thermostats. Sonos Ray does work with Google Assistant and Alexa, but you'll need to connect an Echo Dot or Google Nest Mini to bring the far-field microphones needed to pick up your voice. That does ruin the minimalist aesthetic that you'll find with the Sonos Beam and Arc, but those who are desperate for the soundbar to fit seamlessly with other gadgets in their smart home set-up can make it work. But it's just much more of a faff. Think of the Sonos Ray like the more affordable Sonos Roam SL and Sonos One SL. For those who don't want a far-field microphone array in their homes, this could be a huge advantage that makes the Ray a better choice than the Sonos Beam.