The Eurovision Song Contest sees beloved performers from across the globe performing on one stage in a bid to win over the hearts of millions of viewers. This year will be no different with 25 acts representing their countries, with Finland hoping to sail through to the grand finale which will air on BBC One on Saturday, May 14. But who is The Rasmus and what other songs do they sing? The Rasmus is a Finnish rock band that paved its way to fame back in the 1990s. While the four band members were still in upper comprehensive school at the time, The Rasmus managed to build a successful music career with some global hits. One of which was the band's 2003 hit In The Shadows which proved to be a major contender in the UK charts at the time. When it was first released, In The Shadows had achieved success as it reached number three. READ MORE: Colin Murray to replace Anne Robinson on Countdown in temporary role The song did manage to do even better in New Zealand almost two decades ago when it topped the country's charts. In The Shadows is about someone feeling trapped in a situation looking for a way out, tired of being rejected and controlled by those around them. In The Shadows was included in the group's fifth studio album Dead Letters. The Rasmus were particularly popular at the time within the young Emo communities. While In The Shadows proved to be the band's biggest hit in the UK, various other well-known songs also came from the band. Some of these included Playboys, Hell of a Tester, Dead Letters, Into, Hide From the Sun and Black Roses. The band also won several awards such as the MTV Europe Music Award for Best Nordic Act and World Music Award for World's Best Selling Scandinavian Artist. Now, The Rasmus are returning to the limelight in order to represent Finland in the Eurovision Song Contest. DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan’s new show battered by GB News in ratings [REACTION]Albania's Eurovision performance savaged by BBC's Rylan [EXPLAINER]Eurovision 2022 'fix' row as Netherlands 'rob' Latvia of final place [THEORY] The band will be performing their latest single Jezebel at the singing competition's semi-final which is now in its 66th year. Talking about the meaning behind the song, lead singer Lauri Ylönen told NME: “It is about a girl who takes what she wants, without asking. A free spirit. "Jezebel is an homage, a tribute, to the strong women of today, who own their bodies, who are in charge of their sensuality, their sexuality, and who are determined to be an equal.” So could Finland be in with a chance of once again winning the Eurovision Song Contest? The last time Finland won the show was in 2006 with the monster rock band Lordi. They performed Hard Rock Hallelujah which went down a storm with fans at the time. Since then, Finland's best result has been sixth place which was last year so the country is now hoping another rock band will be able to seal the deal once more. The Eurovision Song Contest finale starts at 8pm on Saturday, May 14, on BBC One.