Tash Bradley is the Director of Interior Design for Lick and a colour expert. The home decor company specialises in pigment-rich paints in fresh colours. She told Expess.co.uk readers: "When it comes to colours a lovely soft alternative to a neutral are pinks. "Lick’s Pink 01 and 04 are great for small spaces as they make the room feel warm and welcoming but also help to reflect the light." Lick Pink 01 is a "soft pink with a tiny hint of light grey". The brand says: "It's anything but baby pink, thanks to a dusky grey base that makes it less pastel and more gentle, modern pink." Pink 04, on the other hand, is a "muted pink with a touch of grey". It is a stronger, but still understated pink. READ MORE: 'Bring new energy to the garden': How to choose fence paint colour to 'fill you with joy' But what can you pair pink with in your home? Tash said: "For inspiration on which colours work best together I’d always suggest turning to nature, as you’ll find the best colour combinations. "Additionally, taking a look at a colour wheel can be really helpful when it comes to finding colours that work best together, complementary colours such as blue and orange or green and pink. "I love pairing Lick’s Pink 02 with Lick’s Green 02, as the combination creates such a joyful and positive space.” Lick's Pink 02 is a pretty, light and dusty pink, while Green 02 is a soft sage green. DON'T MISSBritish homeowner creates incredible DIY Downton Abbey [PICTURES] Avoid the most common DIY renovation painting mistakes [EXPERT] Inside Molly Mae's £4m home and colours to use to achieve to look [INSIGHT] Pale neutrals Light rooms are the best way to encourage the feeling of space. The colours encourage light to bounce around the room, making the space feel bigger. Light colours make the space feel breezy and open, whether you opt for cool tones are warming hues. Pale tones to make a room feel bigger: Light colours for space If opting for colours, one option is to stay light. This is will make the room feel airier and full of light. Deep colours for depth On the other hand, deep colours can give a room a feeling of depth. If you are after a darker, cosier feel, why not opt for a deep blue? This will give the room a cocoon feeling, and dark walls can also make ceilings feel higher and increase a sense of virtual space. Paint features With any paint colour your choose, painting features like radiators and light switches to match the wall will make the space feel larger. This is because the trick allows the eyes to move around the room uninterrupted, creating a sense of flowing space. Try painting skirting boards and coving the same colour as the wall to make the space feel taller.