Louie Lee has been waiting years for a diagnosis of his special educational needs and behavioural issues and his mum Michelle Cassemis feels he has been "let down by the system". No school can be found for Louie, who can only count up to 20, until his diagnosis so, since July last year, he's been at home. Michelle cannot work as a hairdresser as a result and is now desperate for help. The mum of three told Wales Online she is “heartbroken” that her youngest child has no school friends and has been effectively denied the help he needs. She said: "He has been sent a private tutor at home but that didn’t work either. I have been told so many things he might have, but he has had no diagnosis. "I have been told he seems to have autism or ADHD. We have been back and forth to the doctors for three years. The headteacher of his school was amazing. I can’t say a bad word about her, but she was in a position where it was not possible to keep Louie in school. "It became pointless sending him in. He didn’t want to leave the house and has attachment issues. I was struggling to get him in to school. Then after all that he was only in for half an hour. It wasn’t worth the chaos and battle."  Michelle’s older children aged 17 and 19 had no problems at school and went to the same primary in Trowbridge, Cardiff. She said long delays in helping children like Louie meant they could not have him in for a full day because he has so many behavioural and anxiety problems. The single mum added: "When Louie started in reception he stayed at school for 90 minutes a day, then it went down to 60 and then 30. He was on a very reduced timetable for years. He did not get a statement of special educational needs until he was six and we are still waiting to see someone for a diagnosis to see what is wrong. "I have been told so many things but Louie has lost so much. He can’t read or write and has never had any school life at all. He’s not played in the school yard or joined in with PE. "I am heartbroken that all his life we have not got more for him. I have done parenting programmes and done everything that was suggested. I feel Louie has been let down by the system and no one has any answers. I can’t work because Louie needs looking after. "He gets angry, he struggles to share and suffers from anxiety and attachment issues and doesn’t sleep well. I just want some help and someone to listen I am beginning to get so worked up and hurt and there is so much emotion. "Louie has a good relationship with his brother and sister. My older children are brilliant with him but it’s hard for them to deal with too. Dealing with this was all new to me. We just need some help. It’s been so long."  Cardiff and Vale University Health Board said it was sorry for the long delays in referral that Louie has had. A spokesperson said: “We apologise to Louie and his family for the delays experienced in exploring a diagnosis. The diagnostic process for neurodevelopment is complex and waiting times for access into services is not where we would wish. “We are working hard to improve this. This includes making changes to the way services are organised based on consultation with a variety of health professionals with expertise in this area and continuing to explore opportunities to increase capacity. Our teams are also working closely with parents and colleagues in the education sector to support the referral process and the collection of the information required by professionals to support diagnostics.” Cardiff Council said a child’s needs don’t depend on diagnosis. A spokesperson said: “Cardiff Council’s education services will always endeavour to respond to a child’s needs and this is not dependent on a diagnostic process. “Schools are supported to provide a series of provision to pupils and their families depending on their circumstances and individual needs. This includes providing specialist teaching advice and support, facilitating educational psychology assessment and advice, providing a bespoke wellbeing and nurturing approach to learning and where appropriate, the provision of tuition at home whilst a suitable placement is found. “Ensuring that the individual needs of each child is met is our priority and work is undertaken with a multi-agency approach to find suitable and sustainable provision which allows the child to thrive and which works for both pupil and family.” She added: “I still feel that he’s been neglected by both the education board and NHS. It’s wrong how they’ve just left him. Does that mean now then they going to move a bit faster?"