Ray Liotta’s heartbroken fiancee Jacy Nittolo, 47, has broken her silence after the actor died in his sleep aged 67. Jacy recalled their “deep love” and “wild chemistry” in a heartfelt Instagram post. “My life these past couple of years have been nothing but truly magical,” she wrote. “Ray and I share a deep love that I will cherish in my heart forever. “We laughed daily and we were inseparable. “The chemistry was wild in the best way.” She continued: “He was everything in the world to me and we couldn’t get enough of each other. “The kind of real love that one dreams of. “He was the most beautiful person inside and out that I’ve ever known…and even that is an understatement.” Her friends and fans flocked to show their support on the post. @Jonathan_colombini wrote: “I love you Jacy! So sorry for your loss - Ray truly was one of a kind. “Sending you and the family all my love and prayers”. @thelilschnitzel2.0 added: “Gone too soon. I love you cousin. I haven’t been able to stop thinking about you guys. “We are here for you no matter what you need”. DON'T MISS...Demi Rose sets pulses racing as she flashes bottom [PHOTOS] Only Fools and Horses David Jason in rare sighting at Clarkson's Farm [UPDATE]Jenny Ryan issues apology as she's forced to pull out of show [LATEST] @darra_lynn penned: “I’m so sorry Jacy you’re so lucky to have found this kind pf love, memories in your [heart] for ever… “Ray was one of my all time fave actors and will truly be missed. Hug & love to you and yours”. [sic] Ray and Jacy were first introduced to each other by their children, and they got engaged in 2020. Jacy shares children Dax, 24, Chazz, 22, Jade, 19, and Joey, 11, with her film producer ex-husband Joey Nittolo. Ray had one daughter, 23-year-old Karsen Liotta, from his first marriage to actress and producer Michelle Grace from 1997 to 2004. According to reports, Ray was filming Dangerous Waters when he died in his sleep. Jacy was said to have been accompanying him on set. The star is best known for his roles as Henry Hill in hit film Goodfellas, Shoeless Joe Jackson in Field of Dreams and Tommy Vercetti in the video game, Grand Theft Auto: Vice City.