Michael Lewis sat down with journalist Jo Coburn to discuss the energy crisis. Mr Lewis discussed the tariff regulator Ofgem and the prices they set for Britons in the UK. There have been ongoing demands for a windfall tax, in order to level the large profits energy companies are gaining from the price hike. The Eon energy executive also discussed giving the most vulnerable customers a guaranteed lower price for their energy bills. Ms Coburn said: "Just give me an example of the system which will seem rigged against poorer customers, not deliberately but still rigged. "If I'm an Eon customer in the East-Midlands paying via direct debit, the standing charge I pay for electricity is 42.6p per day. "If I'm on a prepayment meter, which poorer customers tend to use I pay 47.3p a day, why can't that be fairer?" Mr Lewis told BBC News: "Well those tariffs are regulated by Ofgem, we don't set those prices, they're set by the regulator..." JUST IN: ‘F*** the war!’ Putin backlash begins as thousands stage revolt at St Petersburg concert      Ms Coburn added: "You could talk to them about changing the system." Mr Lewis said: "Of course we do and we've lobbied for a social tariff, which would take the most vulnerable customers out of the market and guarantee them the lowest price. "But as things stand at the moment those prices are regulated by Ofgem and the reason why the standing charge has gone up so much, by the way, is because of all of the supplier failures we saw last year. "That's now come into our bills and it's £68 per customer, 20p a day to pay for the chaos and failure..."   READ MORE:Max Verstappen's team radio meltdown as Red Bull issues continue in Spain     Britons have been warned that they could see their energy bills rise to almost £2,600 in October when the next price cap adjustment is due to be implemented. The rise in energy bills is also a reflection of the impact Putin's war in Ukraine is having on the wider global community. Energy regulator Ofgem said in a statement: "A more frequent price cap would reflect the most up to date and accurate energy prices and mean when prices fall from the current record highs, customers would see the benefit much sooner. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Rishi Sunak discussed the push for a windfall tax in the Commons earlier this week. Mr Sunak told the Commons: "To the topic of a windfall tax, now unlike the Party opposite we on this side of the house don't believe windfall taxes are the simple and easy answer to every problem. "But we are pragmatic, and what we want to see are energy companies who have made extraordinary profits at a time of acutely elevated prices. "Investing those profits back into British jobs, growth and energy security. "But as I have been clear and as I have said repeatedly if that doesn't happen soon, and at a significant scale then no option is off the table."   