Manchester United want to pay £45million for Pau Torres despite the centre-back having a release clause of £55m, according to reports. The Spain international has enjoyed a positive season at Villarreal, helping them reach the semi-finals of the Champions League. And, now, a move to Old Trafford could be on the cards. Manchester United could lose the likes of Victor Lindelof, Eric Bailly, Axel Tuanzebe and Phil Jones this summer. And Torres is now being eyed as a result, a year after Ole Gunnar Solskjaer first registered an interest in the Spain international. According to 90min, Erik ten Hag has approved a deal for the 25-year-old as he looks to rebuild the team. And United want to spend £45m on the player, which is £10m less than the release clause in his Villarreal contract. They’re said to be in talks over a deal ‘via intermediaries’ with the defender’s camp eager for personal terms to be wrapped up. Yet he isn’t the only player United have set their sights on. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings It’s stated they’ve also spoken to Villarreal over Dutch winger Arnaut Danjuma, too. The Red Devils are expected to lose winger Anthony Martial this summer after the France international’s alarming dip in form. Question marks continue to hang over Marcus Rashford, too, even if the England international wants to stay at United. And that’s why United have enquired about Danjuma. The 25-year-old scored an impressive 10 goals and registered three assists from 23 La Liga games last season. And he also struck six times in the Champions League, too, including the winner in their memorable win over Bayern Munich in April. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag United appear to be prioritising defence and attack as they look to hit the ground running under Ten Hag. And if they’re successful in bringing in the pair, they’ll become the club’s 11th and 12th signings from La Liga. Under Sir Alex Ferguson, United landed the likes of Jordi Cruyff, Quinton Fortune, Ricardo, Gerard Pique and David De Gea. When Louis van Gaal ruled the roost, in came Ander Herrera, Angel Di Maria and Victor Valdes. And, under Jose Mourinho and Solskjaer respectively, Eric Bailly and Varane touched down. Speaking in September, Torres opened up on his decision to stay at Villarreal despite interest from United and Tottenham last year. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz "In the end, I was more interested in playing in the Champions League with my local team,” stated the 25-year-old. "It was clear to me that it was a year to enjoy the Champions League with Villarreal, close to my family. "It’s the fourth time Villarreal have played in the Champions League, and that’s what I was most looking forward to. "From minute one, they (Villarreal) told me they would respect whatever I decided. "I am very happy at home. I have a contract until 2024 and whatever is best for everyone, we’ll see." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Ten Hag, meanwhile, has admitted he’s raring to join United’s list of greats when he gets started. “Of course. I know the history of Man United, I know the big times and the audience, the vibe that can be around Old Trafford,” he said on Monday. “I watched them in their big times, when Sir Alex Ferguson was manager, during the really successful times when they won titles and were dominating Europe. “But also before Sir Alex, Man United was a really big club and I know names like Busby and Charlton that gave Man United a presence to the outside world from winning, and winning in a spectacular way, winning so they entertain people. “What stays with me is there was always a fighting culture. They fight together and they get success.”