Toto Wolff has warned Mercedes have ‘not yet taken’ a more conventional development path which could include coming up with a new design. However, he stressed the team needed to take time to decide as it would cost them dearly. He stressed changing the development focus of the car could potentially go against the cost cap rules which are set at $140million. He said: “We very much believe that the science that we’re putting in at the moment will help us to, in effect, run the car lower, where we believe we have all the aerodynamic goodness. We haven’t been able to unlock that because of the [porpoising] of the car. “If we are able to finally get on top of that, that means there’s quite some lap time we can find. If not, we need to have another idea. “If we don’t get on top of [the porpoising], then there is a more conventional development path that we have not yet taken. I want to give us the time to really properly take such a decision. We haven’t changed the concept [yet]. If you were to do something else, that could potentially go against your cost cap.” READ MORE: George Russell shares Lewis Hamilton belief after close encounters Mercedes have struggled for speed this season with Lewis Hamilton and George Russell unable to match the pacesetters. Hamilton was only able to finish 13th at Imola last weekend just weeks on from his 10th in Saudi Arabia. It has left the seven-time champion languishing seventh in the points standings. Russell has performed better with four top-five finishes in 2022, including his maiden Mercedes podium in Australia, After Imola, Wolff told apologised to Hamilton for the lack of pace in the new car. The Austrian also described the Silver Arrows new machine as undriveable. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton backed to become 'disillusioned' and set quit deadline [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton tipped to find George Russell antics 'hard to take' [COMMENT]Fernando Alonso takes dig at Lewis Hamilton amid Mercedes struggles [ANALYSIS] Wolff addressed cost cap concerns ahead of the new seasons, warning the new rules were ‘extremely painful’. He said it had been ‘very difficult’ to structure the organisation to ensure it met the new target and suggested it would have an impact on car development, He added: “On the other side, you have to decide very carefully where you invest your dollars in R&D. In the past, it was a little bit easier because you could follow various avenues chasing performance. “Today you have to decide which one has the highest potential and then embark on it so it’s a totally different way of operating for the big teams.”