You may feel inclined to give others the benefit of the doubt today and you shouldn’t shy away from this urge. Resist the temptation to second guess your instincts and follow your gut. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for today. The Moon will spend the day in Taurus today as it continues to embark on the new transit. Venus will also enter this fixed Earth sign this morning, with an overwhelming feeling of simplicity guiding you through the day. A craving for security may strike you more so than usual today, but this shouldn’t be feared. READ MORE: The perfect cleaning task for your star sign The Moon sets the emotional tone for all signs as it moves through the zodiac, and there’s plenty to be felt during the Taurus transit. This cycle is short but sweet, so embrace it while you can. Cafe Astrology said: “The Taurus Moon, lasting until tomorrow afternoon, is steady, simple, and contained. “It can feel especially good to put our faith in someone or something now, and we’re inclined to see the spiritual dimensions or imaginative elements of our pursuits.” Try to go with the flow today as much as you can, working with the rhythm of the moon to enjoy a slower start to the weekend. At this time, it will be easier to feel the weight of who you are, rather than the external pressures of your love, life and relationships. This Moon and sign combination is a good indicator of your practicality, so dive into what you feel is right - and don’t be afraid to say no. According to Cafe Astrology, now is the perfect time to put your faith in someone or something new. Venus will also enter Taurus today, where it will transit until June 22. The love plant “performs well” in this sign, encouraging feelings of comfort, sensuality and contentment. Possessiveness may undercut the slow and free-flowing pace of the day, but this should not be ignored. Embrace your strong appetite for pleasure if this strikes you today, while trusting your judgement of both your value and self-worth. Cafe Astrology said: “We’re revving up as the day advances and Mars and Jupiter approach a conjunction in assertive Aries. We feel positive, confident, and we’re getting ready for action.” You will be drawn towards practical and long-lasting items in your financial pursuits this weekend, so invest your time and energy in stability over spontaneity. Now is not the time to take risks, though you should still indulge in the excitement of love and life’s simple pleasures.