The Earl of Wessex, 58, was seen on the Jubilee Line service in the heart of the capital on Monday, where he spent the the day celebrating winners of the Duke of Edinburgh’s Gold award at Buckingham Palace. The Queen's youngest child seemed to be in conversation with another man holding a similar umbrella as the train moved from Green Park to London Waterloo. Prince Edward then left the train leaving astonished commuters in his wake. A spokesman for the Royal Family said it is "not uncommon" for the Earl to catch the public transport system, which handles up to five million passenger journeys a day. He may have taken public transport for more of his commute, as the train between Windsor and the capital arrives and departs from Waterloo station. Prince Edward and Sophie live at Bagshot Park, 11 miles south of Windsor. Prince Edward, 14th in line of succession to the British throne, was due to mark the completion of the Elizabeth Line in London but, at the last minute, the Queen decided to attend the ceremony at London Paddington as well, Mirror Online reports.   On arrival, the Queen was welcomed by the Prime Minister, the Mayor of London, the Secretary of State for Transport and the Commissioner for Transport for London. She also unveiled a plaque to mark the line’s official opening. Using a walking stick, she smiled warmly as she met Elizabeth line and Crossrail workers. She also made use of an Oyster travel card handed to her by workers who showed her how to use the ticket machine. Her Majesty proceeded through the ticket barriers down to the Elizabeth Line platform to learn more about the design of the new stations and trains. The £18 billion Elizabeth line rail project was originally due to be opened in December 2018, but was repeatedly delayed by issues with safety testing and signalling systems, even before the onset of the pandemic. Formerly named 'Crossrail', the Elizabeth line will connect destinations west of London, including Heathrow airport and Reading with Shenfield in the east. Doors to the new line will officially open to passengers on May 24. 