The triple lock was created to guarantee reasonable increases to the state pension every year, but it was suspended for the 2022 to 2023 tax year. This suspension saw pensioners missing out on a potential eight percent rise, and calls for next year’s rise to be made sooner are mounting.   Triple lock guaranteed pensioners an annual increase in their state pension income by the highest of three values: It was temporarily replaced with a double lock, taking average wage growth out of the equation. READ MORE: State pension alert as some may get ‘higher’ sum than £181.15 per week - check now     This was reasoned as with the pandemic and the furlough scheme, wage growth was falsely inflated during this time period. It would have seen state pension rising by 8.3 percent in April this year, but instead pensioners received a measly 3.1 percent rise in line with inflation. However, since the increase was announced, the cost of living has skyrocketed with inflation expected to reach double digits this year. Tom Selby, head of retirement policy at AJ Bell, commented: “The ship has, in some ways, already sailed on the state pension triple-lock, with the Government deciding to ditch the average earnings link for 2022/23.  “If the earnings link had been retained then the state pension would have risen by 8.3 percent in April – still below the current inflation rate but a considerably chunkier income boost versus 3.1 percent. “This would have meant someone in receipt of the full flat-rate state pension would have seen their weekly income bumped to £194.50, rather than £185.15.” Essentially, the triple lock suspension cost state pensioners £9.35 per week, or £486.20 over the year. Mr Selby added: “In a world where prices are skyrocketing that income could have made a difference.  “Given the challenges millions of pensioners are facing, there have been calls to bring forward next year’s planned increase to help with the cost of living today. “Doing this would present practical challenges in terms of updating DWP’s systems – something Chancellor Rishi Sunak has been at pains to point out.” He challenged: “However, we saw during the pandemic how quickly the Government machine can motor into action when an economic emergency rears its head.” Mr Selby added some other potential ways the Government could help Britons now as they struggle under growing financial pressure.  This included: He also noted that if the money purchase annual allowance is not increased to £10,000 it should be scrapped altogether. Express.co.uk has contacted HM Treasury for comment.