EastEnders spoilers confirm Linda Carter (played by Kellie Bright), Janine Butcher (Charlie Brooks) and baby Annie will find themselves in a horrific car crash next week as the killer bar manager fights to save her relationship with Mick Carter (Danny Dyer). However, will Linda and Annie make it out of the accident alive or will Janine’s true colours finally be exposed? In upcoming scenes, Janine tries to prove she’s serious about being a good mother. She makes plans with Scarlett to visit her sister Clare but soon her attention is elsewhere. The bar manager is feeling insecure after seeing Mick and Linda get on so well last week. Meanwhile, Linda is still struggling with whether to tell Nancy Carter (Maddy Hill) about the money she took from Janine that was stolen from her daughter. Read more: EastEnders' Brian Conley reveals awkward encounter with Royals As Nancy prepares to go to Watford with her mum, Sharon Watts (Letitia Dean) reminds the recovering alcoholic the best thing to do is be honest. The aspiring businesswoman is nervous about spending so much time with her mum and things get worse when Zack Hudson (James Farrar) reveals Linda was planning to leave Walford a few weeks ago. When the mother and daughter set off, Sharon revels in telling Janine Linda plans to tell Nancy the truth. On the way, Nancy confronts her mother about almost abandoning her. Before Linda has a chance to explain, Nancy storms off and returns to the Square. The recovering alcoholic is left on the side of the road with a broken-down car while Nancy storms back into The Vic. Janine spots Linda calling Mick’s phone but intercepts before the landlord has a chance to see. Despite having plans with Scarlett, Janine gets a cab to meet a drunk Linda. DON'T MISSEastEnders theory: Heartbreak for Rocky as he suffers double rejection [INSIGHT]EastEnders theory: Sylvie Carter's long lost sister to arrive [SPOILER]EastEnders’ Jean Slater star details heartbreaking message from fan [VIDEO] With the car now working, Janine drives Linda and baby Annie back to Walford while opening up about her true feelings for Mick. She pleads with the alcoholic not to tell Mick the truth about Nancy’s money. However, Linda and Annie’s life is thrown into danger when Janine loses control of the car and crashes. Back in Walford, Sharon looks after the bar while Mick comforts an upset Nancy. The stalwart realises Nancy still doesn’t realise Janine stole from her and wonders whether she should reveal the truth. Meanwhile, Janine wakes up to Annie’s cries and realises Linda has been severely hurt. Official BBC soap spoilers confirm Janine shows her true colours and fans will remember the barmaid has a deadly track record. Will she leave the mother and daughter to die and flee the scene? In the Queen Vic, Shirley Carter (Linda Henry) gets a call from the hospital to say there’s been an accident. Nancy, Mick and Shirley rush to the hospital to find Linda is in a critical condition and could die. If Janine had alerted the emergency services quicker, the mother of five may have had a greater chance of surviving the crash. Will Linda and Annie tragically die before the mother has a chance to warn her family about Janine’s evil behaviour? EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.