People who travel regularly could save thousands of pounds by applying for a free bus pass. In England, people can get a bus pass when they reach the state pension age, currently 66 years old. However, pensioners aren’t the only group who qualify for discounted travel. An estimated 15 million people in the UK are struggling to pay soaring energy bills as well as increasing food and fuel prices, according to research from debt charity StepChange. The charity spoke to 5,000 Britons and discovered that one in three are struggling with the cost of living crisis. There has never been a more important time for people to check they are receiving all the financial help they are entitled to. Seemingly ‘small’ benefits or freebies like a free bus pass could make all the difference to those who are struggling financially. READ MORE: Millions of tenants may be given the right to buy their homes 10 groups of people qualify for a free bus pass: DON'T MISS:Nationwide increases interest rates on savings accounts [UPDATE]State pension alert as many ‘fearful’ sum will be axed altogether [WARNING]State pension may be received early with payment today - why? [ALERT]  People in England qualify for a free bus pass when they reach the state pension age of 66. In Scotland and Wales they are entitled to this benefit when they become 60. It’s not just age that determines whether someone qualifies - this ‘freebie’ is also available to people who are blind or partially sighted. In addition, some Universal Credit claimants may be able to get half price bus and train travel. Meanwhile, anyone can get 50 percent off their next train ticket until May 27 as part of the Government and rail industry’s Great British Rail Sale. It’s hoped cutting the cost of rail travel will help ease some of the pressure on family finances. Transport Secretary Grant Shapps said: “For the first time ever, operators across the rail industry are coming together to help passengers facing rising costs of living by offering up to 50 percent off more than a million tickets on journeys across Britain. “There’s no better time to visit friends, family or just explore our great country, so book your tickets today.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea As well as a free bus pass, other benefits people may qualify for include a free TV licence, free NHS prescriptions and help towards energy bills. This help is available to some Universal Credit, Pension Credit and tax credit claimants. People can speak to their work coach or local job centre to check they are receiving all the help they are entitled to. There’s a handy benefits calculator on Gov.uk.