Looking to lose weight? Exercise is equally as important as diet, but what form of exercise is best - cardio or weight training? Express.co.uk spoke to Paul Crouch, personal trainer and nutritionist for Performance Meals about the two, including how they affect the body, which burns more calories, and ultimately, which one is better. ‘Cardio’ and ‘weight training’ are exercise terms often used, but what do they mean? Paul said: “Otherwise known as aerobic exercise, cardio is classed as any rhythmic activity that is easy to maintain using large muscle groups. “Weight training, or anaerobic exercise, on the other hand uses resistance exercises that contract the muscles over short periods, building muscle mass and increasing strength. “Both exercises differ in intensity and duration, and often use different muscles.” Examples of cardio exercises are running, swimming and cycling, whilst common examples of weight training include bicep curls using dumbbells, squats and press ups. In terms of how cardio and weight training affect the body, Paul added: “Weight training is great for building muscle and toning the body. “Whilst your actual body weight may not change, using weights can lead to an increase in muscle and a decrease in fat. READ MORE: Woman shares how to 'lose 6lbs in 2 weeks' with 'no changes to diet' “Weight training also makes a big difference to the body as it ages, fighting bone and muscle loss. “Whilst cardio builds less muscle, it does benefit the body in multiple other ways. “As well as burning fat and calories, it can enhance sleep quality, strengthen the heart, and reduce the risk of developing a range of different health conditions.” Does one burn more calories than others? “Typically, a cardio workout burns more calories than a weight training session of the same duration,” Paul explained. “This is because we tend to exert ourselves more during cardio, therefore burning more energy during a workout. “To burn more calories during weight training, exercises need to be more intense with shorter periods of rest in between sets. “However, this doesn’t mean that weight training doesn’t burn calories. In fact, our bodies actually burn more calories in the hours following weight training workouts compared to a cardio session. DON'T MISS...Amanda Holden shares her favourite form of exercise to stay slim [EXCLUSIVE]How to cut down on drinking alcohol – 7 tips [GUIDE]Nutritionist recommends one drink that’s ‘essential for burning fat’ [INTERVIEW] “Bodies expend calories to recover after a workout, and weight training tends to require more recovery than cardio training does. “The more muscle you have, the more calories you burn on an everyday basis because sustaining muscle requires more energy than fat does. “Put simply, cardio burns more calories, but weight training keeps them burning for longer,” Paul summarised. So can cardio build muscle? Paul explained: “Though cardio has less impact on muscle gain and metabolism compared to weight training, it does help to build muscle. “By helping the cardiovascular system to work better and more efficiently, exercise focusing on cardio improves circulation in the muscle, improving stamina and speeding up recovery time – meaning you can work out more often and at higher intensities. “The key is to balance cardio sessions with strength training, giving muscles time to recover from cardio exercises.” Paul went on to reveal which form of exercise is better: “There is no winner here – both cardio and weight training play an important role in improving overall fitness and health. “It also depends on your desired results. “Whilst strength training may not change your overall weight, it does cause body composition to improve, resulting in an increase in muscle and a decrease in fat. “So, whilst the number on the scales may not change, your body’s appearance will. “Cardio workouts primarily increase endurance which also helps weight loss by burning calories. “As well as this, it strengthens the heart and reduces the risk of developing a range of different health conditions. “For most types of exercise, a more intense workout will increase the number of calories burned. “Exercise classes such as high intensity training – or HIIT – balance cardio and strength moves into one session,” he said. To conclude, Paul suggested: “Rather than focusing on one or the other, both exercise and diet are essential when it comes to overall health and fitness. “A balanced diet including fibre increases the time it takes to empty your stomach, which helps you to feel fuller for longer, whilst eating foods high in protein, such as Performance Meals, before and after a workout can promote recovery and help prevent muscle damage.” “Complex carbohydrates such as potatoes and whole grains also contribute to a healthy, balanced diet – releasing energy before a workout aiding performance.” For more information on Performance Meals’ range of ready to eat, high protein, low fat diet meal packages, visit www.performancemeals.com, available with nationwide delivery.