The findings by top civil servant Sue Gray, published after months of speculation, failed to contain any explosive new disclosures about the PM’s behaviour – and even credited him with implementing reforms to tackle the boozy culture at No 10. Newly-released photos show the Prime Minister raising a can of drink in the Cabinet Office on his 56th birthday with a few staff. Mr Johnson was fined £50 for attending the Downing Street celebration in June 2020, at which Rishi Sunak and senior civil servant Simon Case were also present. Packets of sandwiches, jugs of orange and apple juice plus a few cans of beer are lined up on. After Ms Gray’s long-awaited report was published yesterday, Mr Johnson said his Government will “move on” from the row, accepting that he has “learned a lesson”. The PM said he was “humbled”, and apologised to MPs and to the country for the Covid lockdown breaches and for his leadership. Mr Johnson continued: “I overwhelmingly feel it is my job to get on and deliver. “No matter how bitter and painful that the conclusions of this may be – and they are – and no matter how humbling they are, I have got to keep moviing forward and the Government has got to keep moving. And we are. We will get on and continue to do the tough things.” Last night he vowed to focus on the public instead of spending “a second longer” on Partygate. Opposition leaders repeated their call for Mr Johnson to quit. Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer urged Tory MPs to “finally do their bit” and oust the Prime Minister: “They must tell the current inhabitant [of No 10] – their leader – that this has gone on too long. that the game is up, that you cannot be a lawmaker and a lawbreaker. That it’s time to pack his bags.” Justin Welby, the Archbishop of Canterbury, said: “Standards in public life are the glue that holds us together – we need to rediscover them and abide by them.” Last night it was clear that Tory backbenchers were backing the PM with only more one MP declaring he was sending a letter of no confidence in him to party chiefs. Mr Johnson apologised personally to Downing Street security and cleaning staff after it was revealed that drunken aides were abusive. Ms Gray’s report, covering 16 gatherings in Whitehall over 12 months from April 2020, revealed that some drinking sessions continued until after 4am with discarded bottles and mess left in their wake. On official vomited in an office and a fight broke out. Staff were drinking in No 10 until the early hours at parties on the eve of the Duke of Edinburgh’s funeral, with the last person not leaving until 4.20am. The two leaving dos which began the evening before the Queen sat alone in St George’s Chapel at Windsor Castle as her husband of more than 70 years was laid to rest were among the notorious episodes making up Partygate. A Conservative Party source said the Prime Minister planned to give an “emphatic apology for this whole business” during a remote audience with the Queen last night. In a Commons statement after the release of the 60-page report, the PM said: “I want to conclude by saying that I am humbled, and I have learned a lesson.” Mr Johnson repeated his apology to the nation for attending his 56th birthday celebration in the Cabinet room in June 2020 for which he received a £50 fixed penalty fine. “I take full responsibility for everything that took place on my watch. Sue Gray’s report has emphasised that it is up to the political leadership in No 10 to take ultimate responsibility, and, of course, I do.” But Mr Johnson insisted he had not been present at long evening drinking sessions and was not aware that they were taking place. He told the Commons: “I continue to believe that the civil servants and advisers in question – hundreds of them, thousands of them, some of whom are the very people who have received fines – are good, hard-working people motivated by the highest calling to do the very best for our country.” The PM promised: “We will be able to move on and focus on the priorities of the British people. “Standing firm against Russian aggression, easing the hardship caused by the rising costs that people are facing and fulfilling our pledges to generate a high-wage, high-skill, high-employment economy that will unite and level up across the whole of our United Kingdom. “That is my mission, that is our mission, that is the mission of the whole Government and we will work day and night to deliver it.” Ms Gray’s report found “members of staff drank excessively” at some events in Whitehall during the covid lockdowns. She noted that one drinking session on June 18 2020 did not finish until after 3am next morning: “There was excessive alcohol consumption by some individuals. One individual was sick. There was a minor altercation between two other individuals.” Internal emails showed that senior staff advised others to keep evidence of drinking sessions hidden. A message from the Prime Minister’s principal private secretary Martin Reynolds, who has since moved on from the post, referred to an event “which we seem to have got away with”. While a message sent to Mr Reynolds from a special adviser told staff to be careful because a news conference was taking place in the building, adding: “So helpful if people can be mindful of that as speakers and cameras are leaving, not walking around waving bottles of wine etc.” Ms Gray’s report included nine photos of events in Downing Street out of more than 300 submitted to Met police for their investigation. Several showed the Prime Minister and his colleagues drinking at a leaving event in November 2020. Others showed Mr Johnson, Chancellor Rishi Sunak and Cabinet Secretary Simon Case at the birthday gathering. The Chancellor was fined too. Ms Gray’s report cited examples of cleaners and security staff being treated badly by aides: “I was made aware of multiple examples of a lack of respect and poor treatment of security and cleaning staff. This was unacceptable. “Some staff had witnessed or been subjected to behaviours at work which they had felt concerned about but at times felt unable to raise properly.” In conclusion, Ms Gray said that “unacceptable” behaviour occurred at a string of events. “What took place at many of these gatherings and the way in which they developed was not in line with Covid guidance at the time. “Even allowing for the extraordinary pressures officials and advisers were under, the factual findings of this report illustrate some attitudes and behaviours inconsistent with that guidance.” She added: “The events that I investigated were attended by leaders in Government. “Many of these events should not have been allowed to happen. “It is also the case that some of the more junior civil servants believed that their involvement in some of these events was permitted given the attendance of senior leaders. “The senior leadership at the centre, both political and official, must bear responsibility for this culture.” Ms Gray welcomed “progress” in an overhaul of the Downing Street machine since her initial report into the scandal was published in January: “I am pleased progress is being made in addressing the issues I raised. “I commented on the fragmentary and complicated leadership structures in No 10. “Since my update there have been changes to the organisation and management of Downing Street and the Cabinet Office, with the aim of creating clearer lines of leadership and accountability and now these need the chance and time to bed in.” On the subject of disciplinary action she noted: “The matter of what disciplinary action should now take place is outside of the scope of this report and is for others to consider.” Sue Gray’s final report into the Downing Street party scandal revealed few new details not already covered by her initial findings from January. The civil servant stuck to her original verdict that the gatherings should not have taken place and resulted from failures of leadership. Her conclusions will have made uncomfortable reading for Boris Johnson, though she did credit him with overhauling the flawed No10 command structure after the scandal erupted. But there was nothing in the 60-page document to shift minds already made up on the so-called “Partygate”. Mr Johnson’s enemies will have been left disappointed, even if they were not prepared to admit it publicly. In a rant yesterday, SNP Westminster leader Ian Blackford claimed the report exposed “debauchery” at the heart of Downing Street. He must lead a sheltered life in his Highland croft. Images in the document of the PM’s Cabinet Room birthday gathering showed jugs of apple and orange juice, and supermarket sandwiches – hardly a bacchanalian feast. Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer’s beer-and-curry session in Durham during lockdown looks to have been a far more jovial affair. At least £450,000 of taxpayers’ cash and countless police and Civil Service hours were sunk into probing Partygate claims. Westminster’s witchfinder generals need to ask themselves, what did it really achieve?