Dan Walker, 45, has revealed he has mixed feelings about Sam Ryder’s success at the Eurovision Song Contest 2022. The BBC Breakfast presenter was among many as he took to Twitter to share his shock over the UK’s success in Turin, Italy tonight. It comes as the UK flew to the top of the leaderboard during the jury’s vote. Dan tweeted in view of his 757,000 followers: “Is it bad if we win this? #Eurovision.” He then took to Twitter again, adding: “This needs to stop “Being terrible at #Eurovision is an essential part of our national fabric. READ MORE... Lil Keed dead: Atlanta rapper dies at 24 as brother pays tribute  “@SamRyderMusic might be on for a knighthood.”    After France gave the UK their 12 points in the jury vote, Dan exclaimed: “12 points from France!!!!    “What is happening? #Eurovision #EntenteCordiale.”    Dan wasn’t the only Eurovision viewer stunned by Sam’s success this evening after his jaw-dropping performance of Space Man.    Many fans flocked to Twitter to urge the Queen to give the singer a knighthood if he gets the UK into the top 10. @liv_liv_liv wrote on Twitter: "If Sam Ryder comes top 10 we should give him a knighthood." @FloydUK agreed: "As far as I’m concerned, if Sam Ryder can get the UK onto the left side of the board then he should be knighted." "If Sam Ryder gets us to the left side of the leaderboard surely that’s enough to warrant an extra bank holiday? Top 5 and he replaces Queen Liz on all the bank notes #Eurovision," @laoise_g quipped. DON'T MISS:Johnny Rotten responds to Madonna's NFT art on Piers Morgan show [COMMENT]Eurovision fans call for UK's Sam Ryder to get knighthood [OPINION]Maneskin's Damiano David supports girlfriend amid agonising condition [INSIGHT] Sam was previously the winner of the Press Award at the Marcel Bezencon Awards ceremony.  According to Betfair Exchange, Sam and the United Kingdom are in the running for the grand prize with 15/2 odds of winning. Dan also shared he was puzzled by how the Eurovision public vote is calculated.  He tweeted: “Absolutely no idea how they work out the public vote… but I love it. “It’s like numberwang!” Dan’s former BBC Breakfast co-star Louise Minchin was also on tenterhooks as the results were announced this evening.  The nervous star joked: “It is too much. I may have to turn it off while we are at the top of the leaderboard! #EUROVISION.”  She later added: “So tense #EUROVISION.”