At the current moment in time, it’s unclear what the future holds for Marcus Rashford at Manchester United. Amid claims the Red Devils have put a £60million price tag on the England international, it’s possible Erik ten Hag will put him up for sale. And that would be a similar call to when Louis van Gaal controversially offloaded Danny Welbeck to Arsenal back in the summer transfer window of 2014. United thought Rashford would return from shoulder surgery a player transformed earlier in the campaign. But the England international has toiled under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick, netting just five goals across all competitions. With that being the case, it’s possible Rashford will be cut loose when the transfer window reopens at the end of the season. He’s keen to hold talks with Ten Hag however, after six years of inconsistency, there’s also a sense that he’d be better off pursuing a new challenge elsewhere. And if Ten Hag does decide to cash in on Rashford, it would have echoes of when Van Gaal controversially let Welbeck leave the club in 2014. That summer, the club meant business in the summer transfer window. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings And, not content with the additions of the likes of Angel Di Maria, Luke Shaw, Daley Blind, Ander Herrera and Marcos Rojo, Radamel Falcao was brought in on transfer deadline day. At the time, it seemed a shrewd move. Though Falcao had been hampered by injury at Monaco, he was still regarded as one of the best strikers on the planet. For a loan fee of just £6m, the United hierarchy certainly considered the Colombia international to be a gamble worth taking. However, the problem was that United already had a plethora of attacking talents at their disposal - including household names Wayne Rooney and Robin van Persie. So, in order to accommodate Falcao, Van Gaal decided to let Welbeck join Arsenal on transfer deadline day. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag It was a move that saw club legends come out and criticise, believing it was the wrong call to let their academy graduate depart for a rival. Van Gaal, for his part, defended himself by taking aim at Welbeck’s goalscoring record. "I have given all the players the chance to convince me of their qualities,” he said at the time. "With Danny Welbeck, yes, he was here from when he was nine. "After coming back from Sunderland he has played three seasons for Manchester United. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz "But he doesn't have the record of Van Persie or Rooney, and that is the standard. "That is why we let him go - also because of Falcao, and the youngsters who can fit in." Welbeck did respond but kept his cool, insisting Van Gaal was entitled to his opinion. "Everyone is entitled to their opinion - some you like, some you don't," said the striker, who is currently playing for Brighton. "It's football, it's life. You deal with it. "You've got to be strong mentally living the life of being a professional footballer - there's a lot of people out to get you. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "Everyone is watching. You just have to be switched on all the time." Now, it’ll be fascinating to see whether Ten Hag channels his inner Van Gaal by cutting Rashford loose. Arsenal are one club interested, just like when Welbeck was permitted to leave Old Trafford seven years ago. Newcastle can’t be ruled out, especially given their vast financial might. And Paris Saint-Germain and Barcelona are also in the race as they look to win the Champions League next term.