The Duke of Sussex and his wife Meghan Markle could be missing from the Buckingham Palace balcony due to his commitments with a polo team in California. Prince Harry is set to play for the Los Padres Polo team on the same weekend as the June bank holiday. Speaking about the latest reports, Lorraine Kelly insisted it is more important for the father-of-two to be in the UK with his family. Royal expert Russell Myers remarked: “When we saw him at the Invictus Games interviewed by an american journalist, he was saying he didn’t necessarily know if he was going to come because of security issues and other things, he put it. “So what does this mean? Obviously there is still a needle between the family. “Those rifts still exist. We’ve been talking about them for so long. “And, certainly the family and the palace were left dumbfounded when he was speaking about the Queen’s security and making sure she had the right people in place around her. READ MORE: TalkTV's James Max shocked as caller cuts off heating to save money “However, one of the big tournaments, he’s signed up to play three, I understand. “One of the tournaments is over the June bank holiday which would put into chaos his plans to come over.” “Well indeed, there’s no Concorde anymore,” Lorraine replied. “ “It’s a niche sport, it’s fair to say. I don’t think anybody would be upset if he missed it for such he occasion. Surely?” Russell agreed: “Yes, there are some things that are more important. It’s the Queen’s wish all of the family do get together and put their differences aside.” It came after friend of Harry and Meghan, Omid Scobie, shared details of the polo tournament on Twitter. He posted to his 83,000 followers: “UPDATE: Prince Harry will play the entire 12 goal polo season at Santa Barbara with his #LosPadres teammates (@nachofigueras, @kekomagrini, Juan Guerrero).” One of the dates Omid posted for the Cheval Athletics USPA Intra-Circuit was June 3-19, which is when the Jubilee celebrations will take place. DON'T MISS...Meghan Markle's Netflix 'blow' sparks questions over Sussexes' return [LATEST]Netflix axing of Pearl branded 'a complete disaster' for Meghan [INSIGHT]Camilla as Queen Consort would be 'too much to bear' for Prince Harry [UPDATE] However, the journalist later added: “For clarity, these are simply the listed dates of the tournaments, not the dates of their matches. “Don't read into it too much!” Elsewhere Lorraine asked Russell if Prince Andrew could be expected to be on the Buckingham Palace balcony. The host suggested he could only appear at private family celebrations but the royal expert disagreed. Russell noted the Queen “abandoned what everyone else thought” when it came to Prince Philip’s memorial and Andrew accompanied her into the service. “It will come down to her,” he confirmed, hinting Andrew could have a prime role in the celebrations. Lorraine airs weekdays on ITV from 9am.