Newcastle may have a path to sign Gini Wijnaldum this summer after ex-Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal dropped the midfielder from his latest Netherlands squad. Wijnaldum has been a regular for his country over the last eight years but now faces an uncertain international future amid his struggles at Paris Saint-Germain. Wijnaldum enjoyed a stellar career in the Premier League after joining Newcastle from PSV in 2015. After just one year at St James’ Park, he was snapped up by Liverpool and went on to win the Champions League, Premier League and Club World Cup during his time on Merseyside. Wijnaldum was a key player for Jurgen Klopp’s side during his five-year spell at Anfield and captained them 11 times last season. But he surprisingly decided to end his time at the club last summer to join PSG. Things have not gone to plan for the 31-year-old in France, however, and he has struggled to hold down a regular starting place at the Parc des Princes. He started just three of PSG’s Champions League games this campaign and failed to even get on the pitch during either leg of his side’s defeat to Real Madrid in the last 16 of the competition. And he has cut a frustrating figure at times. JUST IN: Conte responds to agent claim there's '60%' chance he stays at Spurs   Van Gaal’s snub could come as the final straw for the ace, who may now decide he needs to quickly put his PSG nightmare behind him and move on at the end of the season to win back his international place ahead of this year’s World Cup. And Newcastle would love to welcome him back to the Premier League. The Magpies were taken over by a mega-rich Saudi-led consortium last autumn and have aspirations to compete with the best teams in the Premier League. And they were linked with Wijnaldum in January. PSG are reportedly willing to sell the star as they realise things have not worked out as expected. So a move back to England could certainly be on the cards. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'working on second deal as well as De Jong' with Ten Hag reaching out Erik ten Hag may be about to sign his own ‘Wesley Sneijder’ for Man Utd this summer Man Utd stars 'totally flat' before season finale after being left 'annoyed' by Rangnick     “Unfortunately, little has changed in Gini’s situation at his club since our last two international matches in March,” Van Gaal explained as he spoke about his latest Netherlands squad ahead of their two clashes with Wales and their matches against Belgium and Poland. “As a result, I am forced to make other choices, no matter how difficult and regrettable I personally find it.” Wijnaldum has scored 26 goals in 86 games for his country. And he will be desperate to get back into the squad as soon as he can. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 