If you've already finished your daily Wordle puzzle and want something a bit beefier to get stuck into, then Quordle is the game for you. Wordle's hardcore counterpart takes the word guessing game to the extreme, tasking players with figuring out four words instead of just one. Needless to say, this makes Quordle extremely difficult, which is why Express Online has put together some spoiler-free hints to help you solve the daily Quordle 110 for May 14. Quordle challenges players to figure out four different words in just nine attempts. Much like Wordle, you'll need to pay attention to the colour of the tiles if you're to succeed. If the tiles turn grey, then the letter doesn't appear in the word you are guessing. If it's yellow then the letter appears, just not in that particular spot. Finally, green tiles mean the letter appears in that exact position. The twist with Quordle is that when you guess a word it will appear in all four answer boxes. You can solve them in any order, so keep an eye on everything, because you may be able to knock out the third word before you've guessed the first one. One strategy is to get as many vowels in your opening guess as possible. Try words like ADIEU or AUDIO in your first attempt, as these letters will appear in more words. If you're not able to solve the first Quordle word in your second guess, then choose a word with five completely different letters in order to maximise your chances of solving each puzzle. Be sure to check back with Express Online each day for all the latest Wordle and Quordle clues. Quordle hints for word 1... 1. The first word starts with the letter T. 2. The first word contains just one vowel. 3. Fitting that this should be clue number three. Quordle hints for word 2... 1. The second word starts with the letter S. 2. The second word contains just one vowel. 3. What slugs feel like. Quordle hints for word 3... 1. The third word starts with the letter S. 2. The third word contains just one vowel. 3. The kind of weather we all love. Quordle hints for word 4... 1. The fourth word starts with the letter A. 2. The fourth word contains two different vowels, and one of them appears twice. 3. Relating to birds.