Zoe has been playing the role of Rhona Goskirk on Emmerdale for almost two decades and at the moment, she is at the centre of one of her biggest storylines. With Marlon Dingle (Mark Charnock) recovering from his stroke, the actress's character has seen her world turned upside down as she tries to juggle her job, her duties as a mother and a carer to her partner. Although this is worlds away from the ITV soap star's life off-camera, Zoe still has her hands full when it comes to living with her husband and Cain Dingle star, Jeff Hordley, and their family. The soap star and her husband met when they were studying drama together in 1994 and less than a decade later, they had tied the knot. After marrying in 2003, they began to start a family as their first child, Violet Percy, came into the world two years later. She is the eldest of the couple's two children as Zoe also gave birth to a son in 2008 and the pair named their boy Stan Percy. It seems the actors are quite happy with two children as they haven't had any more and the coronavirus lockdown gave them chance to spend time with their kids before they turn into adults. However, having two children whilst also trying to film scenes for one of the country's most beloved shows is no mean feat. READ MORE: Coronation Street fans work out Phill's sinister link to Pat Phelan There is a reason why the pair do not share many scenes together on the soap, despite their two characters living in the same village. In 2011, when their children were still quite young, Jeff explained it was due to their home life as to why their characters were rarely seen together. The actor said: "We don't film at the same time so we can share the childcare," before joking a storyline for their alter-egos wouldn't work. He added in an interview with Soap Life Magazine: "I don't think we'll ever have a storyline together. Cain and Rhona are too different. "Cain thinks Rhona's a bit of a snobby cow. For me and Zoe, it works well." Although their filming schedules might not always sync up, it seems the family of four still do get some quality time together. Delving into home life a little further, Zoe said: "The kids love cooking with us. The other night Violet made a dal from scratch!" It also helps as they grow their own produce, which is often used by the children and the actors when they cook a meal in the kitchen. Zoe explained to Fabulous Magazine: "We have an allotment and it’s so therapeutic to have your hands in the earth. We’re mindful of what we eat." Jeff added to this sentiment when he recently appeared on ITV's This Morning and spoke about spending time with the children during the lockdown. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale star Liam Fox shows off fairytale home with co-star wife [PICTURES]Sally Dexter: Star on family's history of heart problems [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock 'shocked' over 'sheer weight' of stroke plot [COMMENT] The actor said: "I'm telling you, just during the whole COVID lockdowns... because that was a two-minute walk from our house. "[The allotment] really helped Zoe and I. "The dogs came over and the children came over with us. Just getting your hands in the earth, it's so good for you and your mental health. "Just watching something grow is such a positive experience, because it reaffirms life," he continued and it seems the children are continuing to help their parents in a post-Covid world. On social media, the couple shared pictures of the progress they make with their allotment, which is added by their children. But when it comes to resuming normal life with work and children and home life, the pair have become accustomed to making sure they still spend time with Violet and Stan. Appearing on ITV's Lorraine, Zoe explained: "[Working at different times] just means we have a very separate existence at work and I think we both appreciate that and like that. "We often do line learning together. This time, Jeff's been amazing. He's just taking the weight of what's going on at home. "Obviously we've got two kids, two dogs, we've got an allotment and he's just managing all of that. He's about to get busy as I sort of quiet down so we'll swap the baton then." When it comes to Rhona's children on the show, the character has a son in Leo Goskirk (Harvey Rogerson) and a step-daughter in April Windsor (Amelia Flanagan). Because Leo does have Downs Syndrome, this made Zoe think about her own children when she was pregnant and how she would feel if they had Downs Syndrome. Speaking in 2011, the actress said: "Having a Down’s Syndrome child crosses everyone’s mind when they are pregnant. "I chose not to have a test to find out with our first child, but with our second child we did – we wanted to be prepared. “I would have continued the pregnancy, whatever the results. We were a strong couple and could have coped, but I understand Rhona’s struggle, it’s a very personal decision. "Over the years I worked with adults and children with Down’s Syndrome. I’m not fazed by disability and I had so much fun. The children were mischievous, loving and enjoyed life," she told The Mirror. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.