Eamonn Holmes, 62, took to Instagram yesterday to make a joke over his latest health woes. The GB News presenter left many with a few giggles, including his wife, Loose Women's Ruth Langsford, 62. Eamonn took to Instagram in view of his 756,000 followers to share a snap of his back as he underwent cupping therapy. The presenter can be seen covered in wooden cups as they suctioned onto his back. Cupping therapy is a form of alternative medicine, which originated in China, in which a local suction is created on the skin with the application of heated cups. The treatment is said to help decrease pain and inflammation, increase blood flow, reduce stress and even help things like skin issues or cellulite. READ MORE: Minnie Driver shrugs off backlash over 's**gging' Hollywood actors He captioned the post: "My osteo James has just gone home. How am I supposed to get into bed now?????" Many social media users, including Eamonn's wife Ruth took to the comments to joke with the presenter. Along with two laughing emojis, Ruth commented: "My ninja turtle!" While Carol Vorderman said: "That actually looks HORRIFIC." Lisa Snowdon continued: "Ruth will be playing the peace pipes on your back." Social media user Annielou175 jokes: "Flipping heck!! You look like a hedgehog." Lane_nic added: "At least Ruth will get a good night's sleep as you won’t be snoring on your back." The presenter has been very open about his recent health woes, telling of his battle with chronic pain last year after a dislocated pelvis led to three slipped discs. DON'T MISS... Jon Kay announces 'new arrival' after Carol Kirkwood's engagement news [COMMENT] ‘So sorry!’ Naga Munchetty forced to apologise to guest on air [BBC] Johnny Depp brands Amber Heard's testimony 'ludicrous' as she reacts [INSIGHT] Eamonn said in a recent interview how swearing has helped him deal with the agony of his chronic back pain. Writing in Best magazine, he said: "Swearing has got a bad reputation – which I personally think it doesn't deserve. I have to be honest, I like a swear or two or three... it makes me feel better. How can anyone deal with pain without swearing?' He explained: "I have had a lot of pain over the past five or six years, so my swear box runneth over. "I'm not saying it's better than a couple of pain killing tablets, but it certainly has an initial short, sharp effect.' The former This Morning presenter sees a physiotherapist every day, does exercises and also visits a masseuse. He admitted: "I accept listening to someone swear isn't always the most wonderful experience, especially when it is in front of children... but it doesn't half feel good when those curse words fly!" You can watch Eamonn Holmes on GB News every weekday from 6am