Ardal O'Hanlon made his final appearance on Death in Paradise in series nine of the BBC programme. The Father Ted star had been part of the Caribbean crime drama for several years and he shocked fans when he announced he would be leaving the fictional island of Saint Marie in October 2019. He left part-way through the ninth series, but will he be making a return in the future? The 56-year-old actor has spoken exclusively to Express.co.uk about what it was like to work in the UK after spending so long filming in the Caribbean for Death in Paradise. He exclaimed: "Brilliant, brilliant! Oh, my God yes [it was welcome]. It was a godsend." Ardal quipped: "Don’t get me wrong, I loved Death in Paradise but I’m sort of half glad - don’t tell anyone this, as long as it doesn’t go any further than this - I’m half glad I don’t have to go out there anymore." The star explained he worked in the Caribbean for four summers and struggled more with the time away from home than the scorching heat. READ MORE: Lorraine warns Emmerdale guest to ‘behave' after appearance remark He said: "I got quite used to the heat actually and there were huge compensations in terms of, you know, the weather, your days off you’d be doing wonderful adventures and you meet wonderful people - it’s a great social life. "As you can imagine, it’s 80 Brits and a token Irish man trapped on a little island, you know - there’s going to be a party." When asked if viewers can look forward to his well-loved character returning to the hit series down the line, he revealed: "Ben Miller did! Ah, you never say never." However, the actor admitted: "Look, you know, I mean, I feel I did my time. I really did enjoy it but you know, it was four summers and it was a lot."  His Death in Paradise character Jack first appeared in the fifth episode of the sixth series. Jack initially worked for the Metropolitan Police until he transferred to Saint Marie. He eventually left the island after he realised he was only staying there to run away from his grief over his late wife. The character returned to London to be closer to his daughter and turned down travelling the world with his love interest Anna Massani (played by Nina Wadia). DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise’s Ralf Little lands new project away from BBC series [LATEST]Death in Paradise star on why BBC bosses made costume 'too big' [INSIGHT]'Get it off!' Ralf Little in hysterics as Will Mellor tells him off [UPDATE] Jack was replaced by detective inspector Neville Parker (Ralph Little) who is set to return for season 12. Following the dramatic season 11 finale, Ralph tweeted: "Thanks to everyone for watching @DeathInParadise series 11. "It is a privilege to play Neville and lead this fantastic show, and it gives me great pleasure to confirm I'll be returning to Saint Marie for series 12." Fans will remember season 11 ended with the departure of detective sergeant Florence Cassell (Joséphine Jobert) who put an end to the will-they-won't-they saga with Neville.  The newest police recruit sergeant Naomi Thomas (Shantol Jackson) has filled Florence's shoes after proving she is just what the team needs. Shantol penned a tribute to her co-star Joséphine following her exit from Death in Paradise. She tweeted: "It was so hard to say goodbye but it's only a 'See you soon' right @josephinejobert_official." (sic) The actress added: "I know the DIP family will miss DS Cassell but I miss you Josie a lot more." Death In Paradise episodes can be watched on BBC iPlayer. 