Manchester City have won the Premier League title thanks to a stunning comeback against Aston Villa. Pep Guardiola’s side retained their place at the summit of English football with a 3-2 victory over the Midlands outfit, while Liverpool also stuttered in their attempts to overcome the champions. It means City have now won four of the last five Premier League seasons. But they did it the hard way against a Villa side led by Liverpool legend Steven Gerrard. Goals by Matty Cash and another ex-Liverpool man, Philippe Coutinho, put Villa ahead at the Etihad Stadium. Meanwhile, Wolves had gone ahead against Liverpool through Pedro Neto. Sadio Mane drew Liverpool level but the Merseysiders required a win and a City defeat to ensure they won the league. That the season went down to the final 15 minutes epitomised an incredible year of football. City fought back and completed a remarkable turnaround. Substitute Ilkay Gundogan gave them hope, heading in at the far post. Rodri then slammed home an equaliser at the Etihad erupted. And it was Gundogan - whose future has been speculated about in recent weeks - who scored the third, clinching the title for City. The German tapped home after wonderful work by Kevin de Bruyne to drive forward and put the ball across goal. It was just as well, too, as Liverpool finally found a way past Wolves. Mohamed Salah - who had started as a substitute at Anfield ahead of the Champions League final - squeezed home in front of the Kop end. Andy Robertson then scored a third for Liverpool, meaning City had to hold on. An injury to Ederson meant the champions were able to waste valuable time. It was apt that an incredible final day finished with City winning the league thanks to a come-from-behind 3-2 victory. It was almost exactly how they did it when they won their first Premier League in 2012 - with Sergio Aguero scoring in the final minute of added-time. City supporters stormed the pitch as Michael Oliver blew the full-time whistle and players were marched off the pitch by stewards and police. We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures, and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit:/sport Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion, and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow us on Twitter @DExpress_Sport - the official Daily Express & Express.co.uk Twitter account - providing real news in real-time. We're also on Facebook @DailyExpressSport - offering your must-see news, features, videos, and pictures throughout the day to like, comment, and share from the Daily Express, Sunday Express, and Express.co.uk.