Amanda Owen has provided her fans with an update for this lambing season. The Our Yorkshire Farm star took to social media to open up about how the process had gone this season.   Amanda, 47, issued a special lambing update to her 198,400 Twitter followers on Monday. The Channel 5 star informed fans that her lambs were on the mend, as she shared some adorable snaps of her daughter Clemmie tenderly holding a newborn lamb. “Finally,” a relieved Amanda told her followers as lambing season came to a close. “The last stubborn inmate… Sorry patient has been discharged from the lambing hospital!” READ MORE: Jon Kay announces 'new arrival' after Carol Kirkwood's engagement news     Amanda referred to the young lamb pictured, who was looking healthy as Clemmie cuddled it in her arms. “Sheep pens dismantled and now closed for admissions,” Amanda added. In the photographs, a number of the other sheep and their lambs could also be seen wandering around in the background. Another pic showed Amanda also getting the chance to hold the newborn, while her sheepdog Kate looked on.      The happy update from Ravenseat was met by thrilled responses from Amanda’s fans in the comment section. Julia Stavordale wrote: “Great photos; Clemmie looks as though she’s right at home being a shepherdess.” While Noreen Clarke penned: “Lovely smiley Clemmie. Brilliant sheepdog doing some aftercare, bring em in and keep watch over them.” (sic) Jane Russell added: “Finely this period of the year is done! Hope you have had a lovely large crop this year!!!” READ MORE... Rebekah Vardy's future 'in tatters' after ‘complete disaster’ trial [NEWS] 'Was cast out' Dan Walker says he was branded 'security risk' [UPDATE] Jada Pinkett Smith fights back tears - 'Terrified little girl' [INSIGHT]       Kim Nicholls also praised Amanda’s diligent daughter, commenting: “Loving Clemmie the little shepherdess - she's got such a sweet, caring way with the lambs. Taking after her Mum. x” (sic) While Tracy Creedy wrote: “I hope you had a great lambing season and up on last year's disappointment. “You need the money from lamb sales or you won’t get your new house finished.” It hasn’t always been good news come lambing season, as Amanda shared back in October 2021.      Our Yorkshire Farm was hit by the sad death of a lamb at the time, just towards the end of lambing season. The family was devastated to discover that, despite the season going well, one of the lambs had drowned in a tragic accident. At first, the lamb was just missing, but it was soon discovered to have fallen into a body of water and was unable to get out of it. Amanda talked through the sad event with her children, who made her proud by dealing with the situation very maturely. Our Yorkshire Farm is available on the Channel 5 Hub.   