Jamie Carragher has encouraged Arsenal’s Eddie Nketiah to quit the club despite the in-form striker scoring twice in the victory over Leeds. The former England U21 international’s current contract with the Gunners runs out at the end of the season. However, Arsenal manager Mikael Arteta is keen to convince the academy graduate to extend his time with the club by signing a long term deal.  Speaking to Sky Sports after the game the ex-Liverpool centre-back said: “I don’t think he’ll ever end up being the first-choice striker. I think it’d be better if he moved on.” Nketiah’s reluctance to sign a new contract had initially stemmed from a lack of game time. However, in recent weeks he has usurped Alexandre Lacazette from the number nine position and has rewarded Arteta’s faith with goals and assists, like his match-winning double today. Speaking to Sky Sports after the game, the 22-year-old said: “It’s amazing. It’s always nice to score. It’s a big three points. We’re working hard, we want to give it to the fans. It’s amazing to get the three points and it moves us closer to the top four.   “Any player wants to be playing and have the opportunities. I’ve worked hard throughout the season to make sure I’m ready when I get my chance. Credit to my team-mates for helping me to do well. I’m happy to be in the team and helping the team.” The striker was also keen to praise Arsenal supporters for helping push their team to victory and the connection they had with the players. “It’s a great atmosphere and throughout the whole season it's been excellent,” he said. “I really feel the connection between the players and fans. It’s amazing to be involved and we’re giving our all to make them happy and get the objective done.” Many Arsenal fans will hope their support is enough to keep the promising young forward at the club so he can build on his recent good performances. The Englishman also had praise for former club Leeds. Nketiah spent a year on loan at the Yorkshire club in 2019-20 and helped them achieve Premier League promotion.  “They’re a good side,they’re fighting for their lives, we knew they’d push,” he told Sky Sports. “They troubled us in the second half and we showed our resilience to stay with it. “We’re just taking it game by game. A win today has us in a good position going into Spurs and hopefully we can go there and get the three points.” 