The Russians have been met with courageous and spirited Ukrainian resistance which has seen them forced out of several major cities in the country they had been hoping to occupy. This has left many throughout the world what Vladimir Putin will do next to get Russia's ailing war effort back on a firm footing. The MoD explained the massive scale of the damage caused in the Chernihiv region north of Kyiv, showing "Russia’s preparedness to use artillery against inhabited areas, with minimal regard to discrimination or proportionality". But the intelligence update added Russia is suffering from a "limited target acquisition capability" and therefore could be forced to rely on another brutal war tactic. The MoD said on Twitter: "In the Chernihiv region north of Kyiv, approximately 3,500 buildings are estimated to have been destroyed or damaged during Russia’s abandoned advance towards the Ukrainian capital. "Eighty percent of the damage has been caused to residential buildings. "The scale of this damage indicates Russia’s preparedness to use artillery against inhabited areas, with minimal regard to discrimination or proportionality. "Russia has likely resorted to an increasing reliance on indiscriminate artillery bombardment due to a limited target acquisition capability, and an unwillingness to risk flying combat aircraft routinely beyond its own frontlines. "In the coming weeks, Russia is likely to continue to rely heavily on massed artillery strikes as it attempts to regain momentum in its advance in the Donbas." The latest warning comes with Ukrainian troops counter-attacking against Russian forces in the country's northeast and pushing them back from the city of Kharkiv, according to Ukrainian officials. The huge development would signal a significant shift in momentum for Ukrainian forces and deal another devastating blow to Russian troops. READ MORE: Vladimir Putin exposed on Russian state TV 'Extremely rare moment' Kharkiv, which is located 30 miles from the border with Russia, has come under weeks of heavy bombardments from the Russians, and follows Moscow's failure to capture the capital Kyiv in the early stages of the war. But Ukraine's defence military claimed the 27th Battalion of the 127th Brigade of its Territorial Defence Forces had reached the border with Russia. It said: "Together to victory!" Kharkiv region governor Oleh Sinegubov said the troops had restored a sign on the border, who added: "We thank everyone who, risking their lives, liberates Ukraine from Russian invaders." DON'T MISSUkraine LIVE: 'Seriously ill' Putin exposed by former British spy [BLOG]Putin humiliated as £26m elite choppers shot down over Ukraine [REPORT]US tests missile after Kremlin claims Satan II 'can destroy UK' [LATEST]  If that is indeed the case, it would be yet another indication the Ukrainian counter-offensive is having increasing success in pushing back Russian forces in the northeast. This would be coupled with Western military agencies claiming Moscow's offensive in two eastern provinces known as the Donbas had come to a grinding halt. But Serhiy Gaidai, the governor of the Luhansk region in Donbas, warned the situation "remains difficult", with Russian forces trying to capture the town of Sieverodonetsk. He said leaders of the Lugansk People's Republic, which is the territory in the region controlled by Russian-backed separatists, have a general mobilisation, warning it was "either fight or get shot, there is no other choice".