On Tuesday, Prince William, the Duke of Cambridge, will visit the Royal Marsden NHS Foundation Trust, where he will learn about some of the innovative work that The Royal Marsden is currently carrying out to improve cancer diagnosis and treatment. Cancer is an illness that affects families indiscriminately around the world, and the Royal Family is no different – King George VI, Edward VIII and Princess Margaret all suffered from the disease. All three royals were heavy smokers, with George and Edward’s deaths being linked to the habit. However, perhaps lesser-known were the cancer battles of the Queen Mother. The Queen Mother suffered from colon cancer in her 60s and breast cancer in her 80s, according to her biographer, William Shawcross. The royal was successfully treated for both diseases, undergoing a 90 minute operation to remove the tumour from her colon in December 1966 and another operation 18 years later to have a cancerous tumour removed from her breast. The Queen Mother spent more than two weeks in hospital after the bowel surgery and when discharged, cancelled all her official engagements for the first three months of 1967. Mr Shawcross interviewed Sir Richard Thompson, the Queen Mother’s former physician, who discredited the long-held belief she was fitted with a colostomy bag. Clarence House said at the time she had undergone abdominal surgery to relieve a partial obstruction. Some years after the operation, the Queen's physician at the time, Sir Richard Bayliss, wrote to one of the Queen Mother's ladies in waiting, saying that the lie of the 'colostomy' operation should be countered. In his 2009 book, 'The Queen Mother: The Official Biography', Mr Shawcross wrote: "But the rumours that the operation had included a colostomy persisted. "Many people who had to endure that operation themselves derived comfort from the belief that even someone with as active a life as Queen Elizabeth could manage so well after such a difficult procedure." The Royal Family have been advocates for the improvement of cancer diagnosis and treatment, with Prince William set to visit the Royal Marsden NHS Foundation Trust on Tuesday. The Duke of Cambridge will learn about some of the innovative work The Royal Marsden is currently carrying out to improve cancer diagnosis and treatment. William has been Royal Patron of the world-leading cancer care centre since 2017, a position previously held by his mother, Diana, Princess of Wales. Yet his family’s battle with the illness is not well-documented despite his great-grandmother being diagnosed with breast cancer in 1984. She was quietly admitted to hospital to get the tumour removed. At the time, it was reported that the Queen Mother had undergone three days of hospital tests and had been declared by doctors to be in "very good health". The royal returned home a couple of days later in time to celebrate her 84th birthday. Having beat cancer eighteen years earlier, the Queen Mother died peacefully in her sleep at the age of 101 at the Royal Lodge in Windsor. She had been suffering from a bad cough and chest infection over the winter months. The Queen Mother continued carrying out royal engagements up until just four months before her death. Her final engagement was the recommissioning of the aircraft carrier, Ark Royal, at a ceremony in Portsmouth, Hampshire. The ship's commanding officer, Captain David Snelson, said during her visit that she was "full of life and vitality". He added: "She was a wonderful inspiration. "She had that special ability to talk to people of all levels. "She had a very human touch."