Foreign Secretary Liz Truss met with EU commission vice-president Maroš Šefčovič last week in a final bid to resolve issues surrounding the Northern Ireland protocol signed as part of the Brexit divorce deal between the UK and EU. The UK Government is reportedly drawing up legislation to override the Northern Ireland protocol and unilaterally scrap the need for checks on all goods being sent between Britain and Northern Ireland. The Northern Ireland protocol was agreed upon by Prime Minister Boris Johnson in 2019 and came into force on December 31, 2020. The protocol effectively created a customs border between Northern Ireland and the rest of the UK. However, the Northern Ireland protocol means many feel that Brexit has not been delivered so Express.co.uk asked readers’ opinions on this subject. In a poll that ran from midday on Thursday, May 12, to 11am on Monday, May 16, Express.co.uk asked: “Has the Brexit we were promised been delivered?” Overall, 4,273 people responded with the vast majority – 94 percent (4,013 people) – answering “no”, the Brexit we were promised has not been delivered. Just five percent (222 people) said “yes” and one percent (38 people) said they did not know either way. Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article with readers sharing their views on the delivery of Brexit. One reader, username WestIsBest2022 said: “No, we definitely haven’t got the Brexit we voted for and were promised. But I’d still vote Leave again and again and again. “Most Brexit voters are annoyed by the way it is going but it doesn’t mean they have changed their minds.” And username Made in Britain said the Brexit we have is “not even close” to what has been delivered. Some remain doubtful that the Brexit promised to voters is not attainable. Username SoGladToBeAnExpat said: “I become more doubtful as every day passes that Brexit will ever be delivered.” And username motser said: “The Brexit promised doesn't exist and is unattainable.” While others argued that there was no single promised version of Brexit. Username AndrewJones73 said: “The leave campaign had multiple different versions of what Brexit would be. “Like Norway, Canada, Switzerland, WTO, remain in the customs union, you name it, different Brexiteers supported their version. So there was no ‘promised’ version of Brexit.” Others said that the Government has delivered “BRINO” – Brexit in name only. Username Ella123 wrote: “We have no Brexit, only BRINO.” And username xJonjo said: “We got a BRINO and did NOT get the Brexit we were promised.” DON'T MISSStarmer U-turn as he pledges to quit if beergate rule breach found - not just if fined [UPDATE]UK foreign aid spending to be hiked back confirms Liz Truss after furious backlash [LATEST]'You argued FOR Jeremy Corbyn' Andrew Neil rips apart Jonathan Ashworth 'it's about trust! [VIDEO] Yet some readers thought that Brexit had been delivered as the UK has left the European Union. Username whitworth1 said: “Yes. We have got what we voted for. The UK is not a member of the EU, even the EU agrees that. “That is all we were asked to vote on the ballot paper. No more and no less.” Meanwhile, username Rafar999 said: “It is not possible to deliver ‘Brexit’ because no one ever defined what it meant apart from ‘leaving the EU’ which we have obviously done.”