On BBC Breakfast this morning, the Shadow Chancellor Rachel Reeves discussed Rishi Sunak’s announcements yesterday, and what this could mean for Britons in the future. She mentioned a loophole in Rishi Sunak's energy bill help to benefit second home owners. She said: “It’s important that the money is targeted. “If you look through the detail, if you have a second or a third or a fourth home you’re likely to get this £400 payment multiple times. “I don’t think that is a good use of taxpayer money and as well as the money raised from North Sea oil and gas yesterday, it looks like the Government are going to be borrowing an additional £10billion. “That is a huge amount of money that will have to be paid back by future generations of tax payers and so it is essential we are getting value for money. READ MORE: Woman 'broke down' after £10,000 scam left her with 'no money and no food' “The money needs to be targeted.” Millions of households will receive a £400 discount on their energy bills, and a £5billion tax will be levied on oil and gas giants as Rishi Sunak moved to counter the soaring cost of living. Yesterday, the Chancellor unveiled emergency measures as part of a £15billion package to tackle the impact of soaring inflation, which has reached a 40-year high. The poorest households will also get a payment of £650 to help with the cost of living, Chancellor Rishi Sunak said. He also announced a one-off £300 payment to eight million pensioner households and £150 each to six million disabled people. It follows warnings that millions could be left struggling if energy prices rise again in October as expected. Mr Sunak said he had offered "significant support" for households who were facing "acute distress". The cost will be partly offset by a 25 percent windfall tax on oil and gas firms' profits, which have soared in recent months. Mr Sunak scrapped his £200 energy bills loan, replacing it instead with a £400 grant, available to all households. He said that tax breaks for innovation would ensure the windfall tax did not reduce investment in green power. It comes after the UK energy regulator Ofgem said the typical household energy bill was set to rise by £800 in October, bringing it to £2,800 a year. Bills have already risen by £700 on average in April. The £400 grant will not need to be paid back. Direct debit and credit customers will have the money credited to their accounts, while customers with pre-payment meters will have the money applied to their meter or paid via a voucher.