Flight attendant Miguel Muñoz exclusively shared with Express.co.uk some of his best packing tips. He started by saying: "First of all, it's very important to only take the clothes you actually need. How many times you've realised after a trip that you didn't wear half of the clothes you packed?" Miguel shared his number one tip: "I always wear the biggest jumper and carry the coat with me on the plane, so I have that extra space in the suitcase. "Jeans also take up a lot of space so I recommend always wearing them when travelling and only taking one pair with you." He continued: "Don't make the mistake of bringing two of each 'just in case'. "One pair of flip flops is enough. In the unlikely event you lose one, you can always get new ones at your destination. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares 'genius' hack to carry extra bag for free  "Perhaps bring one pair of flip flops that you can use for everything: to go to the beach, to the swimming pool, to have showers, to go for a walk... "If you need to bring boots on your trip, wear these when travelling instead of packing them." Miguel recommended "aqua shoes", which he described as "life-changing", for travelling and saving space in your luggage at the same time. He explained: "I recently started using these very versatile trainers which you can use to swim. They get dry in a few seconds and they don't smell... they are really cool.  "You can use them to go hiking, to go to the beach, you can swim in them... and they don't take any space in your bag. I love them!" By opting for a pair of shoes which can be used for a number of things, holidaymakers will see a lot of extra room in their travel bags. But what happens if holidaymakers realise they haven't packed enough clothes? The crew member advised: "It's always better to have less than more in any kind of trip. For example, if you realise you will be needing one extra T-shirt on the last day of the trip, you can always wash one in the hotel. "If you need a basic item, let's say underwear, you can always buy that there." However, Miguel recommended "always packing and taking with you the things that can be harder to find". These can be items such as swimsuits, swimming caps or ski socks. The flight attendant also revealed his secret method to maximise the space in the suitcase: clothes pouches, also known as packing cubes.  He explained: "I think clothes pouches are definitely the best way to pack your clothes. "It may seem silly but you can fit more clothes in your suitcase than without these. It's better than vacuum packing." "Vacuum packing is a big mistake because you can do that on the way there, but probably you won't have a vacuum to use on your destination to pack for your way back. Clothes pouches are so much better!" He added: "Also, in terms of toiletries, only carry the essentials: toothpaste, deodorant, hair gel and sunscreen. You don't need two perfumes! And of course, always in the small travel size."