  Springwatch presenter Megan McCubbin, 27, is the wildlife-loving step-daughter of nature expert Chris Packham, 61. The star has opened up about what it was like growing up in the spotlight, despite the term “famous” making Chris “squirm”, in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk.      Megan, who has recently teamed up with Lovat Parks, spoke about the wondrous benefits of “connecting to our wild side” this summer, as she had a fantastic experience growing up around wild animals thanks to famed wildlife expert Chris. Asked whether growing up around such a high-profile figure prepared her for show business, which seems worlds away from her outdoor pursuits, she confirmed that it had. “Yeah, I'm quite used to it,” she reflected. "I mean, if you called him [Chris] famous to his face he’d probably squirm a little bit. “But I suppose so; I’m used to people coming up to him and saying hello and being very friendly. READ MORE: Paul O'Grady emotional after being forced to return his foster dog     “For me, it’s lovely - I’m just so grateful that everyone's been so welcoming to me on something like Springwatch, which people love so much. “I'm grateful that people are incredibly supportive, and they've given me that kind of opportunity.” Springwatch viewers have previously expressed their delight at seeing Chris and Megan’s effortless chemistry on screen thanks to their close relationship. Speaking about their rapport on the show, Megan said: “We have a great relationship with one another and we have a lot of fun. “I think we learn from each other in different ways. We really enjoy getting to work together - I don’t think it’s what either of us expected that we would be able to do.      “It's great fun. We're really great friends more than anything, so there's never a dull moment.” Remembering Chris’ reaction when she first told him she would be presenting on TV, Megan shared: “He was incredibly supportive. “And it's not a conversation that we had, because it kind of just happened. I knew that I wanted to talk about the wildlife trade, which is why I ended up doing the BBC Three documentary Undercover Tourist.” Series one of the BBC documentary series included an episode entitled Vietnam’s Bear Farms, which saw Megan travel to Vietnam to explore the bear farms and traditional medicine shops that are farming bears in cages and fuelling an illegal bear bile market. READ MORE... John Cleese accuses BBC of 'deceptive' and 'dishonest' interview [LATEST] Dan Walker's father-in-law unimpressed at Champions League final [NEWS] Catherine Zeta-Jones' emotional tribute as son Dylan, 21, graduates [NEWS]     “I wanted to increase people's awareness about that and then it just kind of snowballed from there,” she reflected. “I think it's a really happy accident in many ways. I hope he enjoys it - I think he does. “We have a really good time together and we're basically having chats like we do at home, but just in front of the camera, so it comes quite naturally.” Since her documentary for the BBC, Megan has been working with animals all over the world, and made her Springwatch debut with stepdad Chris in 2020.     She has also teamed up with Lovat Parks to reveal the ‘Big 5’ animals that can be spotted on our very own isles this summer in places like Cornwall, Norfolk and the New Forest. A report for the project by Professor Andrea Mechelli has shown getting back to nature can significantly reduce feelings of loneliness, and developing mental health problems such as depression and anxiety. In light of this, Megan is encouraging people to enjoy the stunning wildlife the UK has to offer for their own “physical and mental wellbeing”, as she unveils her unique list of breathtaking animals local to the British Isles. Megan McCubbin has identified the UK’s ‘Big 5’ summer wildlife wonders in collaboration with Lovat Parks, the UK’s first B-Corp certified holiday park, encouraging the nation to connect with their wild side this summer and explore the rich diversity of nature in the UK. Visit www.lovatparks.com/thebig5 for more info and to download Megan’s Map along with top tips for responsible wildlife spotting.   