Coronation Street star Kevin Kennedy recently appeared on the ITV daytime show Loose Women and teased his possible return to the soap. He told hosts Ruth Langsford, Katie Piper, Carol McGiffin and Kelle Bryan how he thought viewers would be interested to know what happened to Curly after he left Weatherfield. If Curly returned to the cobbles, he might want to pick up his business running the corner shop, however, now Dev (played by Jimmi Harkishin) has the main plot, will there be a feud between the two as they fight to be the best? On Loose Women, Carol jumped right in and asked: "Let's get this out of the way, would you go back?" Kevin smiled and revealed: "Oh yeah, I mean, it's no secret, I'm in the business of telling stories, and I always have been. "Whether it be on stage, music, film or TV so, to go back and tell what happened to him I think would be very interesting, and I think the viewers would be very interested too." Ruth added: "Well, Spider is going back," to which he exclaimed: "Yeah, Martin's going back, that's a great move for Martin, he is a good actor and I think he will do very well." READ MORE: 'It was a big risk' Steph McGovern opens up on viewing figures "You never know the call might come!" Ruth teased the star. When living in Weatherfield, Curly was the manager of branches Bettabuy, Firman's Freezers and Freshco. However, during his time at Bettabuy, he was fired for a string of sexual harassment claims but soon found a new job at Firman's Freezers, which soon turned into Freshco. He soon became the area manager for the Freshco chain and was passionate about his job, making sure the branches were thriving, and the members of staff were doing their best. In 2000, Curly was held hostage at the store by Dean Sykes (Ciaran Griffiths) and Lenny Larkin (David Derbyshire) after they attempted to rob him. In 2003, Curly's wife, Emma Taylor (Angela Lonsdale), got a transfer within the police force to Newcastle and he initially refused to move with her. But he soon realised he wanted to spend his life with Emma and decided to sell Freshco and move away to start his life with his wife and their son Ben (Stephen Collins). Dev owns D&A&A Alahan's Corner Shop, which sees many residents popping in and out for their daily needs. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Fiz heartbroken after Tyrone's tragic death [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Carla Connor murdered as Peter takes revenge [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Faye Windass to become Toyah's surrogate [WATCH] However, if Curly returns to Weatherfield, there could be a new rivalry between the pair as he may open an opposing store across the street. Both being highly competitive, it could force the residents to take sides, but who will win? Dev may be the popular choice as his reputation is on his side. But if Curly brings something new to the cobbles, the residents may be tempted to try something new, leaving the pair to compete with unhealthy tactics. Kevin has appeared in other programmes such as Holby City and starred in the West End London production of Queen & Ben Elton's We Will Rock You. Another familiar face who is returning to the ITV soap is Martin Hancock, who plays Geoffrey "Spider" Nugent. The eco-warrior, who was married to Toyah Battersby (Georgia Taylor), last appeared on the show in 2003 before leaving to become a teacher in Peru. His return could see him fight to get Toyah back, despite recently marrying love-rat Imran Habeeb (Charlie De Melo). Will Toyah turn her childhood lover away, or will they reignite their spark between one another? Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.