Professor Chris Elliot believes an algae bloom that releases toxins could be to blame for the deaths but the investigation is ongoing. Children and pets are being warned to stay away from the water in Lough Neagh, Antrim, after the tragic incidents. Antrim and Newtownabbey Borough Council confirmed that it was aware of two reports of dogs falling ill after being in contact with the water, which is located near Rea's Wood. Professor Elliott said the blooms of algae can release toxins and can be identified as a "messy green colour" in the water. He said: "In the vast majority of cases those blooms are fine, apart from being a bit of an eye-sore".  But, he said that in some cases, the algae can produce quite toxic substances which are then released into the water. However, the Northern Ireland Environment Agency said there was no visual evidence of algae bloom, or pollution. They also said, "no blue-green algae have been found in the sample analysed". The Department of Agriculture, Environment and Rural Affairs confirmed it learnt about the death of a dog in that area on May 5. READ MORE: Can a pet psychic help me read my dog's mind? It said: "Further reports were received that a second dog had died in similar circumstances." But the investigation remains ongoing. Professor Elliott, who is the founder of the Institute for Global Food Security, said humans would need to be exposed to a large amount of the toxins "to have any kind of dramatic acute effect" on their health. But he said, "dogs are one of the most susceptible species to these toxins". DON'T MISS: 5 animal statues to bring good luck into your home [COMMENT]Rescue dog still waiting to be picked after one year in kennels [ANALYSIS]Dog owners can save hundreds of pounds per year with top tips [INSIGHT] The professor, who lives nearby, said: "Normally I take my dog for a walk through Rea's Wood and at the moment I will not be taking my dog there. "That would be my advice to everybody." The council said any dog owner who is concerned about their pet should seek veterinary advice. In a statement, the local council said: "We are working with the dog owners, local vets and our colleagues in DAERA to best establish the full circumstances."  