Liverpool have held speculative transfer talks with Tottenham striker Harry Kane over a possible blockbuster transfer, according to reports. The Reds are preparing for all eventualities should either Mohamed Salah or Sadio Mane depart, and Kane has apparently been considered as a replacement.   Salah and Mane both have contracts that expire in the summer of 2023. The Egyptian has revealed that he will remain at Liverpool for the 2022-23 season but is yet to agree to an extension. Mane has been more coy about his future, telling journalists earlier this week that he will provide a definite answer after his side’s Champions League final showdown against Real Madrid on Saturday. The Liverpool forwards scored a combined 54 goals across all competitions last season and would need replacing by a world-class striker should either depart Anfield. The perfect way to do so would be to sign England captain Kane, who enjoyed another successful year in front of goal despite a slow start. Liverpool have been loosely linked with the Spurs ace in the past but that interest is reportedly now more serious.    JUST IN:  According to The Anfield Wrap podcast, the Merseyside outfit have incredibly held discussions with Kane over an eye-watering potential switch. The 28-year-old is one of few players who would be able to replace the goals scored by Salah and Mane. A deal seems incredibly unlikely, though, and talks are perhaps merely a sign of Liverpool testing the waters. Spurs refused to sell Kane to Manchester City last summer and will surely remain firm on that stance once again given they have qualified for next season’s Champions League. City are widely understood to have bid around £150million for the Three Lions star in the weeks after Euro 2020. A similar fee would likely be required to prise Kane away from the North Londoners this summer.   DON'T MISS...Liverpool's Mohamed Salah has chance to send strongest FSG message yetSalah 'needs Liverpool' as forward told he could face axe vs MadridLiverpool legend tells Salah 'karma' may strike in Real Madrid final Liverpool’s highest transfer fee paid remains the £75m handed to Southampton for Virgil van Dijk in January 2018. Signing Kane would mean they would need to splash out over double that figure in a highly unlikely move. Kane, who bagged 27 goals across all competitions last season, had been intent on leaving Spurs for some time. He pushed to leave in pursuit of silverware having not won a major honour in his career. But he appears to have reneged on that desire and Champions League football might help Spurs convince him to stay. The forward has talked frequently about enjoying playing under Antonio Conte. ESPN claimed in February that Spurs are keen to extend Kane’s contract to fend off interest. His £200,000 per week deal will enter its final two years this summer, providing the player with more power should there be interest from other clubs.   