Ukraine’s civilians aboard buses provided with the support of human-rights organisations have finally been allowed to flee some of Russia-besieged cities like Mariupol. Evacuees include women and children, as Ukrainian men usually stay to fend off what could be depleted Russian forces. According to a warfare researcher, Vladimir Putin’s war force could shrink because of an increasing number of escapes to conscription in Russia. Speaking French TV channel Public Sénat, researcher Christine Dugoing said: “What we see is that there is a tendency or an attempt to try to escape conscription for many.” “Conscripts are subjected to psychological and physical violence and deprivation, and there are even men who disappear.” Despite an initial “strong sense of patriotism” and “glorification of arms”, conscripts are now resorting to different means to escape the war, the researcher said. She continued: “You still have corruption which is still endemic in Russia. “So, when you have the means, the ability, the knowledge, well, by corrupt principles, you can get away with it. “You also have all the parallel methods: marriage with a single mother, resumption of studies, medical certificate. “And then there are those who can't, either because they don't know how to do it, or because they don't have the means to do it.” Ms Dupoing also notes that some Russians want to fight for their country out of a sense of patriotism. READ MORE: Russia launch Nazi smear campaign against famous Swedes But a research paper has found that among the Russian deaths documented by human rights organisations, a majority of identified dead soldiers come from lower socioeconomic backgrounds and rural Russia. “What we see is that there is a fairly strong representation of the territories of Russia that are far from the big cities and the major urban and high socio-cultural centres.” “And where there is a strong representation of ethnic minorities from a Russia that is more rural, that is economically less important, that is from a social and economic point of view less high.” DON'T MISS: Jeremy Clarkson blasts Putin’s office: ‘Decorated it by spending £1... [INSIGHT]Russia claim that Israel supports neo Nazis ridiculed [REPORT]'Need to find points of vulnerability' Russia state pundit openly plot [INSIGHT] “And we can see that for many, we were dealing with ethnic minorities, with names that are not classic.” The Russian army has reportedly tried to hide the exact number of Russian casualties in Ukraine. Russian and Ukrainian officials have given varying death tolls amid the ongoing Russian invasion of Ukraine, making it difficult to estimate it. While the Kremlin has admitted “significant losses”, it has refused to acknowledge any death toll in Ukraine.