Prince William and Prince Harry's once-close relationship has been under strain for several years, particularly since Harry decided to step down as a senior working member of The Firm in 2020. Speaking on 5 News, The Sunday Times royal editor Roya Nikkhah discussed the brothers' feud as both are set to appear at celebrations to commemorate the Queen's 70-year reign this weekend. 5 News' royal correspondent Simon Vigar spoke to Ms Nikkhah. Ms Vigar said: "[There are] reports today about repairing bridges between William and Harry. "Obviously it's been a difficult couple of years, what are you hearing on that". Ms Nikkhah said: "I know that all members of the Royal Family, on both sides of the Atlantic, will want this to be about Her Majesty The Queen. READ MORE: Queen is ‘ultimate ambassador of girl power’ – Spice Girls tribute for Platinum Jubilee "She's the focus, not any family drama". Harry spoke previously on the ITV documentary ‘Harry & Meghan: An African Journey’ about his and William's relationship. He said: "Part of this role and part of this job and this family being under the pressure that it’s under... stuff happens. "But look we’re brothers. We’ll always be brothers." READ MORE: Meghan Markle 'doesn't want to heal royal rift' on Platinum Jubilee visit with family He went on to say that they are on "different paths at the moment", before adding, "but I will always be there for him and as I know he’ll always be there for me". “We don’t see each other as much as we used to because we’re so busy but I love him dearly. "The majority of the stuff is created out of nothing but as brothers, it’s just…you have good days, you have bad days.” DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry 'trying to control' Jubilee narrative after snub [INSIGHT]Prince Harry and Meghan's new TV show 'smacks of desperation' [VIDEO]Prince Andrew broke Philip's memorial plans by escorting Queen [ANALYSIS] However, although rumours of a rift between the "once-close" brothers have been circling for years, they have grown since Harry and Meghan's Oprah interview aired in 2021. In the interview, Harry said there was "space" between himself and William. Since their exit from the Royal Family, Harry and Meghan currently reside in the US with their two children, three-year-old son Archie and daughter Lilibet, who will turn one this weekend.