However, for Ukrainians, these days are not as much about the victors’ triumph over the defeated as a sober reminder of a great tragedy that had resulted from collusion between two totalitarian regimes: Soviet and Nazi. Remembrance comes first for Ukraine. We lost too many people in that war. We had lost millions even before that: in the artificial Holodomor famine and repressions unleashed by the Soviets as they were gearing up for the “liberation” of Europe. The Second World War decimated us even further, killing every fifth Ukrainian. Every victim counts. The innocent civilians of all ages and nationalities exterminated on purpose, and those who became collateral damage; the young Ukrainian men impressed into fighting for either of the two totalitarian regimes, and the young Ukrainian men and women who fought for their independence against both the Soviets and the Nazis. We remember all the sacrifices made to bring about victory, so this is a sad day for us. Russia will be celebrating victory day tomorrow, too. However, their holiday will be dramatically different. Russia’s entire ideology revolves around May 9: it is a culmination of hypertrophied “victorious” hysteria that becomes more nonsensical each year. Where the rest of the world has been cautiously saying “Never Again”, Russians proudly chant “we can do it again”. And doing it again they surely are. They are now up to their necks in a war against their neighbour Ukraine, whose only fault is its indisposition to giving up its freedom and identity and becoming part of Russia’s totalitarian project. It is true that Russia now possesses nuclear weapons, some sophisticated tanks (fewer now), precision missiles and other modern toys. Its current regime is also more radical and less discreet in stating its goals. However, the ways Russians wage war are essentially the same as they ever have been: saturate the battlefield with cannon fodder, kill, rape, terrorise, destroy, loot, contaminate, and defile. Disinform everyone. Terror upon terror, lies upon lies. World War II, which Soviets and now Russians refer to as a “great patriotic war”, was no different.  Ask the nations that fell under Soviet occupation before, during and after history’s largest conflict. Ask half of Europe. Also ask Ukrainians about what Russian invaders are doing to their country today. Russia has a long history of invading foreign lands, even annihilating entire nations and cultures. To justify such acts, Moscow has always invented bewildering lies, ranging from protecting Russia, ensuring its security, creating peace, and even fighting Nazism. As they celebrate May 9, they will surely be cursing Ukraine and the West while using the words ‘fascism’ a lot. The majority of their population is now hopelessly intoxicated with ever more ridiculous propaganda, which has borrowed the worst from both German Nazism and Soviet communism. It is impossible to convince them that loving one’s homeland, refusing to dance to Moscow’s tune and resisting Russian invasion does not amount to fascism; that fascism is something else entirely, and that they should look into the mirror more often. This Russian blend of political correctness insists on undisputed Russian superiority. As it preaches the “great patriotic war”, it habitually downplays the significance of Allied operations during WWII and the tremendous Western aid provided to boost the Soviet war effort. Russian propaganda goes even further and claims that Russia (which did not even exist separate from the Soviet Union at the time) defeated the Nazis “alone”. In fact, seven million Ukrainians fought in the Red Army, and always on the front lines. Other Soviet republics made a gigantic contribution as well. I hope the vigorous resistance Ukraine is offering to the Russian attackers today, combined with the massive aid my country is thankfully getting from its Western allies, will finally sober up these invaders and teach them a lesson in history. I urge the forces of civilization to remain united against the common enemy and continue supporting Ukraine. Today, let us recall once again a lesson learned from WWII: winning this war will take sacrifices. For Ukraine, this means death, destruction and devastation. For Europe and America, this is mostly about economic sacrifices. But take heart: if we continue to stay strong, soon we will all have a cause to celebrate. As for Russia, if it does not stop the war, the next Victory Day could mark the defeat of its dictatorial regime and be celebrated by citizens of a new Russia free from tyranny, who will be forced to go through a hard period of detoxification from all the hyped-up hate-crazed chauvinistic fanaticism. And one day, maybe, it will be allowed again to celebrate sacrifice, bravery and reconciliation with the rest of us.