Meghan Markle, 40, and Prince Harry, 37, future as independent royals has been brought into question when one of their projects was dropped by Netflix. The Duchess of Sussex's animated show about a young girl, one of two projects with the streaming giant, was cancelled on the weekend. The Daily Express royal correspondent Richard Palmer has since claimed on the Royal Round up the couple needs to remain in the royal spotlight to continue their lifestyle. He told presenter Pandora Forsyth: "It has raised the question of how long can they keep this going and will they have to think about returning to the fold. "Will they be able to continue to earn a living from Netflix and other projects? "There have been one or two other projects they were involved in where it sounds like the bosses or the staff aren't too happy about the input from Harry and Meghan so far. "I think the answer to how much longer they can keep it going is quite a bit. READ MORE: Meghan's reason to travel to Invictus Games questioned by expert "If you look at Edward and Mrs Simpson as role models for them, they managed to keep it going for a long time. "They did write memoirs and Harry's got his first memoir coming out in September. No doubt there will be more projects. "They need to keep the royal branding to make themselves relevant." Harry and Meghan signed a multimillion-pound deal with Netflix in 2020. The news that Pearl is being dropped comes after it emerged that Netflix lost 200,000 users over the first three months of 2022, falling well short of predictions it would add 2.5 million subscribers. Netflix has stumbled in the face of increased competition from the likes of Disney, Amazon Prime, and the reopening of cinemas. The US firm has seen its share value cut in half over the past six months as investors have grown increasingly concerned by the change in fortunes. DON'T MISS Harry and Meghan 'still getting paid' by Netflix as first project due [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle 'won't take advice' on how to deliver projects [ANALYSIS]Meghan and Harry 'going nowhere' as royals left 'scrambling' for deals [VIDEO] Netflix said Archewell Productions remains a valued partner and they are continuing to work together on a number of projects, including the documentary series Heart Of Invictus. The show follows people competing at the Invictus Games, and a camera crew was seen close to Harry and Meghan during their time at the event in The Hague, Netherlands, last month. When Pearl was announced last July, Meghan said: "Like many girls her age, our heroine Pearl is on a journey of self-discovery as she tries to overcome life's daily challenges. "I'm thrilled that Archewell Productions, partnered with the powerhouse platform of Netflix, and these incredible producers, will together bring you this new animated series, which celebrates extraordinary women throughout history. "David Furnish and I have been eager to bring this special series to light, and I am delighted we are able to announce it today."