Former Detective Chief Superintendent at the Metropolitan Police, Kevin Hurley sat down with journalist Colin Brazier to discuss volunteer police being armed with tasers. Mr Brazxier claimed the new introduction of tasers will allow volunteer police to protect the public better. The former detective explained how the baton and pepper spray that police have been carrying do very little to defend them and the public from dangerous armed attackers. Mr Brazier said police officers have been put off in the past from engaging in challenging situations due to their concerns about being hurt or injured. Mr Brazier said: "I wonder how many people Kevin have been put off volunteering to become a Special Constable. "By the fact that the streets feel increasingly violent, and you've got nothing between you and that violent offender but a baton if you're lucky?" Mr Hurley told GB News: "I think there will be quite a number. "And in fact when it comes down to regular officers, you can see quite often they're put off from engaging or doing their job because of their concerns about being injured or hurt. JUST IN: 'END of Russia' Putin told UK will 'cripple' Moscow in swift revenge for nuclear strike     "So anything that enables the police to have the tools to protect us the public better, we really ought to be doing that. "Let's even look at the situation of some mad suicide attacker with a knife, how is a police officer supposed to stop them with a baton or a spray. "At least a taser gives them a chance of taking them down, and protecting us, I'm not talking about the police... Protecting us." The Government have announced other changes to policing in the UK this week.  READ MORE:'I felt sick!' Retired widow loses £40,000 after 'looking for companionship'     The Home Secretary, Priti Patel has pledged that she aims to recruit up to 20,000 police officers in the UK by next March 2033. Ms Patel has already taken on 13,500 new police recruits and is expected many more to join. Ms Patel has caused quite a stir this week due to the announcement of changes to the stop and search legislation. Some claim the changes could make discrimination more likely. DON’T MISS: UK would STILL vote to stay OUT of the EU, Brexit referendum poll shows  Ms Patel has been trying to combat knife crime in the UK, as statistics show that over 41,000 incidents took place in the UK which involved sharp instruments or knives. Ms Patel said: "The devastating impact of knife crime on families who have lost their loved one is unbearable. No one should have to endure the pain and suffering of the victims of these appalling crimes and we have a responsibility to them to do everything in our power to prevent future tragedies. "Since 2019, the police have removed over 50,000 knives and offensive weapons from our streets and in the 2 years to March 2021, over 150,000 arrests were made following stop and search, preventing thousands of possible fatal injuries. "I stand wholeheartedly behind the police so that they can build on their work to drive down knife crime by making it easier for officers to use these powers to seize more weapons, arrest more suspects and save more lives."