French President Emmanuel Macron and German chancellor Olaf Scholz last week said – demanded might be a better word – that Russia and Ukraine have to come to a “negotiated truce” and nothing is served by Russia’s “humiliation”. It didn’t take long for them to show their true colours: spineless appeasers whose folly threatens the entire West by demonstrating again that when we need to stand and fight, we talk a good game, then collapse. Friday marks the 100th day since Russia’s invasion. Most observers expected Ukraine to crumble in days. That hasn’t happened, not least because of the inspirational leadership of President Volodymyr Zelensky. But Western support for Ukraine has also been vital. Partly in words – showing that we understand the importance of standing up to Russian aggression – but also in deeds, with arms and equipment, and an array of sanctions designed to hit Putin and his cronies. In this, Britain can be proud of our role, with Boris Johnson offering genuine leadership. We at least have been firm in our support. And we understand the war has significantly impacted the cost-of-living crisis. Yet for all that, it’s been obvious from the start that the coalition backing Ukraine is far from united. From the beginning, Macron has sought to present himself as some kind of international saviour, keeping “talks” open with Putin, meeting him and speak- ing on the phone repeatedly. Estonian PM Kaja Kallas made clear this weekend just what she thought of Macron: “If everybody is constantly calling him, he doesn’t get the message that he’s isolated,” she said. “So if we want to get the message through that actually ‘you are isolated’, don’t call him – there’s no point... I don’t see any results, because after all these talks, Bucha happened, Irpin happened – we don’t see any signs of de-escalation.” As for his fellow appeaser, Scholz – it emerged at the weekend Germany has, shamefully, broken its promise to supply heavy weaponry such as anti-tank and anti-aircraft weapons. To date it has sent only two small arms packages. Ukraine has twice written to Germany demanding it urgently fulfil its pledge. The Germans have effectively ignored them. Not that we should be sur- prised. The Germans and the French were behind the so-called Minsk peace process which, it is now clear, made things far worse for Ukraine. The endless talks were aimed at stopping the war in the east of Ukraine when Russian separatists seized land after Russia’s 2014 annexation of the Crimea. They achieved nothing – and the Ukrainians believe in reality the talks convinced Putin that those involved were weak, lead- ing to February’s full invasion. Not that Scholz and Macron are alone in their attitude. Last week’s World Economic Forum in Davos was deeply depressing, as speaker after speaker took the view Ukraine needed to agree some sort of peace deal with Russia, ceding some territory to avoid ceding all. Wrongheaded barely comes close to describing this misguided defeatism. You do not appease the likes of Putin by offering a smaller reward for their aggression than the bigger reward they say they want. That allows them to bank the smaller reward and move on to securing the bigger one. By conceding the smaller one, you make it clear aggression works. As Kallas put it: “We have made this mistake three times before in cases of Georgia, Donbas and Crimea, that we thought now we have a peace treaty, everybody stays where they are, and we go do a back to business as usual. Because those territories which are occupied, the atrocities will not stop if there will be peace.” Estonia has been under threat for years, so she knows of what she speaks. This is all the more vital, as victory in Donbas, which looks increasingly likely for Putin, marks another “incremental” step for Russia, as the Pentagon described it. Ukraine is putting up amazing resistance, but Zelensky says Russia has 20 times as much weaponry as Ukraine. It is bad enough that the West has not offered more help – but withholding promised military aid makes things far worse. Not only is Russia making gains, but too many nations are unwilling to make the sacrifices to stand by Ukraine. Others, like Hungary, are actively blocking the EU from acting. One hundred days in, we must ensure Ukraine does not fade from public view and become a forgotten conflict. If Europe is to be free of Russian aggression, we have no choice.