Your front door is an essential element of your home’s design, but did you know that choosing your front door colour wisely will actually add value to your property? Of course, front doors are part of a home’s curb appeal, which in itself is hugely important for selling a house at the best possible price. However, it turns out that buyers are discerning when it comes to the exact colour – and will pay more if it matches their preferences. The colour of our front door can leave a lasting first impression which is key when selling your home. The housing market is taking off with average property prices up 9.8 percent in 2021 and the rise is forecast to continue. To help sellers ensure their homes score top marks with would-be buyers, the innovative colour-first home decor brand Lick, together with prime estate agent John D Wood & Co. have revealed the best colour to paint your front door when your house is up for market to secure a sale. When selling your home, your front door sets the ultimate first impression. Transforming your front door with a lick of paint is a quick way to add value to your home and attract potential buyers. READ MORE: ‘Most cost-effective way’ to give rooms a ‘signature look’ using paint Tash Bradley, Lick’s Director of Interior Design and Colour Psychologist, explained how colour plays a “powerful” role in a buyer’s decision when house hunting. She said: “The exterior of a house plays a huge part on how you feel and interact within your space. “If you’re selling your home, you want the first glimpse to fill your potential buyers with joy. “Think about how a buyer would feel when they see your front door, what emotion does it spark? “Colours are a powerful way of delivering emotion and selecting the right colour can really make an impact, and tell a story about what’s to come inside.” DON'T MISS: Pruning tips: Always ‘remember the 3 D’s’ when pruning all plants [EXPERT]Cleaning: How to remove yellow pillow stains - ‘easiest way’ [TIPS]Gardening tips: ‘Best time of day’ to water your garden plants [INSIGHT] Tash shared several top tips for homeowners to choose the right colour for their home’s exterior. She explained that the front door colour gives an indication into the personality who lives inside. The expert said: “You want your front door to welcome you home and to greet you with a smile. Currently, pale pink and lilac tones are very on trend channeling a fun, youthful vibe, full of energy. “Be wary of grey tones for your front door as the colour can lack personality and make the property feel a little aloof.” Tash advised homeowners to choose a colour that compliments the other tones and materials of the home’s exterior. She said: “Take into consideration the brick colour, windows and shutters, letter box and also the style of your front door. “Lick offers a convenient colour consultation service with one of their experts that can help you achieve your desired look.” When painting exterior garden walls and front doors, the expert suggests considering them as an extension of the rooms you are in. Tash said: “Does the colour palette in your garden work with the one in your kitchen? You are ideally looking to create a consistent flow within the space “For structural features, look at your surroundings. I love to take inspiration from nature so for example, soft blue to reflect the tones of the sky or greens to blend softly with the surrounding garden or field.” Polly Ogden Duffy, Managing Director at John D Wood & Co. explained how “first impressions count” when selling a property. She said: “First impressions count. In fact, most buyers will make a decision in the first few seconds of seeing your home about whether they want to see inside. “That’s why an inviting entrance is key to maximising the sale price of your property. It also helps to secure viewings of your home, ultimately giving you the strongest chance to secure the best price for your property. “A fresh coat of paint, teamed with existing door fittings gives the impression of a well-cared for home and is quick and easy to do. “Buyers are making a lifestyle choice when they make their property purchase so the less they have to change the more appealing for most! If you want to go all out, add a year-round wreath.’’