Big Antique Adventure With Susan Calman kicked off this week on Channel 5 and will be airing every evening this week. The show sees the Scottish stand-up comedienne embark on a journey of self-discovery as she learns about the antiques trade. However, Susan Calman will be getting some tips and help from antique experts Natasha Raskin Sharp, Danny Sebastian and Paul Martin. Natasha is no stranger to screens and has previously featured on Bargain Hunt, Flog It!, Antiques Road Trip, and For What It’s Worth, among other shows. She said she was “gently nudged” into the antique industry by her dad, who thought it was a good fit for her. The star initially studied law but dropped out and eventually found her way into the world of antiquities, going on to join the auction house McTear’s. During her time at McTear’s she served as an auctioneer and then the Head of Pictures, handling contemporary art. READ MORE: Natasha Raskin Sharp partner: Who is the Bargain Hunt star's husband? In 2021, Natasha launched a new business called Exhibit Auctions which she hoped would change how artworks are bought and sold. Exhibit Auctions is an online auction company which sees art sold over the internet from the artists’ studios they were created in. She came up with the idea during the pandemic after she realised her busy schedule meant a static auction house and gallery wouldn’t necessarily work for her. “With my travelling rostrum and trusty gavel - a gift from my dad, as it happens - I’ll auction off the artworks from the very rooms in which they were created,” she told Glasgow West End Today. She ended up appearing on Bargain Hunt after she was spotted by a BBC series producer who liked her style, and the rest as they say is history. Natasha is married to Joe Sharp with the couple tying the knot in 2016. According to Celeb Heights, Natasha is 5ft 8in or 172.7cm tall. Reflecting on working on Bargain Hunt, she told the BBC: “Apart from the sightseeing, I just love meeting the red and blue teams - Bargain Hunt just wouldn't be the same without the wonderful, bubbly contestants who simply cannot believe that their time to don the fleece has come!” Natasha, it seems, was a huge help to Susan during the programme with the funny woman praising the antique dealer. Susan said about overcoming her nerves about haggling, saying: “I don’t like it! I struggle. “Natasha was the reason I was good at it because that woman is so confident and calm and wonderful, it was like having a Jedi master beside me. “I think I need another couple of series before I can genuinely do it on my own, but what she said to me was, ‘It’s not rude, it’s expected’. DON'T MISS...What is Bargain Hunt expert Christina Trevanion's nationality? [EXPLAINER]Natasha Raskin Sharp accent: Where was the Bargain Hunt expert born? [INSIGHT]Where does Bargain Hunt presenter Natasha Raskin Sharp live now? [ANALYSIS] “I was concerned that I was being rude to someone whose business it was, and she said, ‘It’s fine’. “So I think when she gave me the go-ahead, I felt a little bit better about it. Don’t expect to get 50 percent off, but you might be able to get something else off it.” Susan added: “I have got a three-quarter size TARDIS in my hall and when I bought it the guy said he would deliver it for free, so there are other things.” The show will be running throughout the week as Susan grows in confidence and will end with her holding the gavel as she runs a charity auction in the hopes of raising some large sums of money. Big Antique Adventure With Susan Calman airs on Channel 5 tonight at 7pm