Sofiia Karkadym, 22, has spoken out in defence of her love story with Tony Garnett, who has left his long-time partner Lorna as he and the Ukrainian refugee they took in at their home in Bradford, West Yorkshire, got closer. In response to messages calling her "a horrible person", Ms Karkadym said: "I am not a homewrecker. That's bulls***. Every UK family will now think 'I can't take in a refugee because she will take my husband from me'. It's more than about me, Tony and Lorna. It's deeper. It's about everything, about the war, refugees, helping people, everything." Ms Karkadym is originally from the capital Kyiv but was living in Lviv, Western Ukraine's largest city, when war broke out on February 24. She said: "My life back then was really normal and beautiful. "I worked for an IT company. "When the war began, everything changed. In the morning it started I rang my mum in Kyiv and asked her where she was. She told me she was in a bunker. "At that moment my heart was pounding. My work finished because my boss went to fight. I didn't know what to do. "I lost everything I built for years: My work, friends, family, everybody lost everything. You can't do anything in Ukraine because of the war. "I decided to move abroad because it became impossible to live there. Every hour air-raid sirens were going off." Ukraine LIVE: Nuclear threat as Putin's Satan-2 would 'destroy half the continent' Ms Karkadym got a ride from her apartment in Lviv to border town Rava-Ruska, where she crossed over to Poland by foot. From there, she travelled to Krakow and Hamburg in Germany before arriving in Berlin. She posted her application for a UK sponsor on the OPORA Homes for Ukraine scheme site in April. Mr Garnett, who works in an NHS drop-in centre, logged onto the site after he and Lorna, a mother-of-two, agreed to help. Ms Karkadym flew to Manchester on May 4, where Mr Garnett picked her up. She recalled: "When I landed in the UK and got off the plane I was so so happy, I cannot even explain my emotions at that moment. "I was happy because I felt like I could finally start my new life without being worried or scared. "It was really nice just to see a friendly face and to communicate with him. "But from the first day, I felt something not nice from Lorna. I felt it inside but I never showed that I felt it. "I tried to be nice but she was complaining every day, getting more and more jealous of the time Tony and I were spending together. "Each night she was asking Tony, 'Why are you staying downstairs with her?' "Why not? Should I stay in my room alone after everything that has happened? I wanted to communicate with somebody, I wanted to be with people." Some 10 days after her arrival, Ms Karkadym decided to leave the hosting home – and Mr Garnett followed her. DON'T MISSNATO nuclear weapons mapped [INSIGHT]Putin 'bracing for coup' as generals and FSB agents turn [ANALYSIS]Global economic collapse warning [REPORT] The 29-year-old told the Sun: "Every day I was coming home from work and thinking 'F***ing hell, what now?' "Don't get me wrong, we were attracted to each other but we knew the boundaries. "Nothing developed until after, when Sofiia left the house. "I know it sounds s*** what has gone on but you deal with the cards you've been dealt. "To me the cards I got… it was a no brainer. I'd rather be on my arse now and happy. I know I've done the right thing." But Mr Garnett, who also insisted nothing went on between them until after they left the couple's home, is concerned their love story could prevent other refugees from finding a UK host family. She said: "My parents said they were ashamed and cannot even go outside because of me. "They say that because of me nobody in the UK will take in Ukrainians." On Monday, the UN refugee agency (UNHCR) said the number of people forced to flee conflict, violence, human rights violations and persecution had risen to an unprecedented level due to the war in Ukraine along with other deadly conflicts. Eight million Ukrainians have been displaced within their home country as a result of Russia's invasion and more than six million refugee movements have been registered from the war-torn nation. The UN high commissioner for refugees, Filippo Grandi, said: "The international response to people fleeing war in Ukraine has been overwhelmingly positive. "Compassion is alive and we need similar mobilisation for all crises around the world." Nearly 54,000 refugees from Ukraine have arrived in the UK under Government schemes. Ms Karkadym, in a bid for the figure to keep growing, said: "You cannot understand what I feel. It's your country, you have your family here, you have everything here. "In my country, it is important for refugees to get the help they need and this has done the opposite."