Farrow & Ball is known as one of the most famous names in paint. Widely known for its high quality ingredients and original range of colours, the paint company is a very “British success story”. The company make their distinctive paints in rural Dorset outside the picture postcard town of Wimborne Minster, brimming with traditional English charm. On a small trading estate outside the town, there's a factory where all their paint is made. This is the company's only factory in the world and it's been their home for 50 years. Farrow & Ball colour curator Joa Studholme, has also been a company colour consultant for the last 25 years. During Channel 5’s Farrow & Ball: Inside the Posh Paint Factory, Joa helped a couple pick out a colour scheme for their main bedroom, family bathroom and ensuite. Pete and Kat, who live in Southbourne, were suffering from “design fatigue” and enlisted the help of Joa to give their home a splash of colour. READ MORE: ‘They won’t come back’: How to remove dandelions from lawns Joa looked around the rooms with Pete and Kat to help create a detailed paint specification which told them what colour and what finish will go on every surface. The large family bathroom, is used by four boys, so needed to be practical as well as luxurious. Joa suggested using a gloss finish on the bottom half of the room. She also suggested keeping the ceiling and wall colours exactly the same to make the room “feel bigger”. She said: “I feel strongly that we don't want to use a different colour on the ceiling.  DON'T MISSAlan Titchmarsh shares incredible ‘story’ behind greenhouse flowers [INSIGHT]London towns ranked worst and best places to live in 2022 [UPDATE]Royal residences ranked: The one house more popular than Windsor [ANALYSIS] “When you paint everything the same colour it makes everything feel bigger and it has a sort of confidence about it which I really like.” The colour expert also shared how she chooses the paint colours for specific rooms. She continued: “The first thing I want to know, is how it's used and what time of day it's used because that’s very relevant to how the light is going to affect the colour. “I’m looking at the light, looking at the architecture, and finding colours which suit both and that the people who live in the house feel comfortable with.” Joa sees as many as 4,000 rooms a year. For the bathroom, Joa recommended “Sap Green” which is part of the colours by nature range which Farrow & Ball did in affiliation with the Natural History Museum. The colour is a saturated olive-colour which will be painted on the walls and ceiling. The reason they chose that colour is because it has a “real intensity of colour”. Joa added: “I thought it was wonderful that it somehow reflected the same energy as the tiles on the floor.” The colour expert also suggested using a “full gloss” on the walls from halfway up the wall to the floor, and then a modern emulsion above. The glossy effect halfway down doubles up as a design feature but is also hardwearing. The couple’s main bedroom includes views of the coast and lots of natural light. Joa chose a colour to suit the architecture, which would then be painted on the walls and ceiling. She said: “I think that because of the nature of the architecture, the colour has got to go up and over the ceiling so that you don't draw attention to where things stop and start.  “But we can take the colour straight through into the bathroom but then there is an opportunity to perhaps use some stronger colour in this fabulous roofing over your bath to create a little zone to watch your sunsets.” The colour Joa suggested is Farrow & Ball’s “Dead Salmon” which is a “subtle aged salmon pink”. The colour has been a fan favourite since the original colour card in 1994 and it's never lost its spot. The name refers to the flat or dead finish of an aged pink used at Kedleston Hall in the 19th century. In the bedroom, and ensuite, a modern emulsion of dead salmon was finished off with accent colour “De Nimes” in the ensuite’s alcove over the bath. Farrow & Ball: Inside the Posh Paint Factory is available to stream on My5 and will air again tonight on Channel 5 at 7pm.