Pressed by press and media to say how he would deal with the migrant crossings, all Starmer could say was that he had always wanted us to co-operate with France. Well, we did and we paid Macron millions to check the flow but numbers just increased. The Conservatives' Rwanda policy has overwhelming support among the electorate, yet it would prefer no-answers Keir?  When Covid began, Labour said that by refusing to join the EU vaccine procurement programme we were letting down Britain, but Boris instead implemented one of the most successful vaccine programmes in the world. He was the man with the answers. Now Starmer, having derided Boris's claim that he thought he was attending a work event, is making exactly the same defence for his own social gathering. And Angela was there too, something previously denied. So Keir Starmer just forgot that inconvenient fact? The man with no memory. What is Starmer's answer to the cost of living crisis? We haven't heard it, despite all the huffing and puffing about it all being the Government's fault. Of course, the duty of Her Majesty's Opposition is to oppose and one does not expect a manifesto mid-term but it is still incumbent on those who criticise the Government to say what they think that government should do instead and Keir Starmer just fails on that count each and every time. Dash it, Starmer doesn't even appear to have a clear answer when asked what a woman is. I don't like Boris's private life and I don't agree with all his policies but I will vote for him any day over a man who splutters much and offers nothing. Collapsing on the sofa this weekend, I opened a magazine to see a pair of ' pyjamas advertised for £260. Who, other than a film star or a lunatic, pays £260 pyjamas? Yet clearly people do or the brand would not be viable. I just hope they are not moaning about their electricity bills!  The novelist Melanie Blake says she tore up a TV deal worth £1million when she discovered that the company was intending to trade in all her older characters for younger ones and had drafted the contract accordingly. Apparently they thought that nobody would want to watch older women. Have they never heard of Judi Dench, Maggie Smith, Helen Mirren, Stephanie Beacham or for that matter the 12 million pensioners that make up a fifth of the UK population? Princess Charlotte, looks wonderful in the photographs on her seventh birthday, a happy, carefree little girl enjoying a spacious garden with her doggy. She of course will always have more freedom than her older brother, whose destiny is to be King George VII and they both may envy Louis, who is so far down the succession as to find real freedom and to plan his own life. Woke culture gets sillier by the minute while humour is dying and proportionality already dead, but the pre-occupation of Westminster with Angela Rayner's legs beggars belief. The lady herself, according to witnesses, passed some light-hearted comments while socialising on the House of Commons terrace and a Conservative MP repeated them to a journalist. So, if it was funny and unobjectionable on the terrace then why not in print? From the reaction, you might be forgiven for thinking that high treason had been committed. The Prime Minister promised to unleash "the terrors of the earth" on the supposed miscreant. I advise him to save that for Putin. Then the normally rational Speaker tried to summon the editor and columnist of the paper. They rightly refused to obey. Now the Chairman of the Conservative Party believes the Tories should aim for 50 per cent of their candidates being women as if abandoning merit in favour of quotas will raise the standard of parliamentarian. Calm down, dears. For 11 days no migrants crossed the channel in inflatable boats. Some said, when interviewed at Calais, they had changed their minds in the light of the Rwanda policy. Now the flow has started again. Some claim that is because conditions in the channel are more favourable but I suspect there has also been a concerted attempt on the part of the traffickers to persuade would-be crossers that the Rwanda policy is a long way from implementation. Therefore, the sooner we send the first plane load to Rwanda the better but meanwhile Priti Patel should make it clear that anyone arriving now is eligible for deportation to Rwanda and indeed could be among the first to go, because an unused deterrent is as bad as no deterrent at all. One of the regular bank holiday entertainments, especially when it is a wet bank holiday, is that of the bumper quiz supplied by newspapers. I can remember how in my youth the lounge floor was littered with encyclopaedias, reference books, atlases and solar maps as our family tried to find the answers. It was huge fun, even if my mother did complain that the place looked a mess. These days the right answer is there at a click of button on the internet and therefore far more likely to be forgotten than one which has necessitated time and effort to find. It takes away all the fun! Or am I just an old fogey who also thinks that calculators should be banned until the sixth form?