Angel Adoree and Dick Strawbridge have spent the last few years building up an old chateau and converting it into a home and thriving business. Their journey has been documented in Channel 4's hit series Escape to the Chateau, which sees fans across the globe tuning in to discover how the pair are getting on with their dream life. When Angel took their daughter Dorothy out of the peace and quiet of the chateau and into a bustling Paris though, she admitted the youngster was "overwhelmed". In their 2020 book Living the Chateau Dream, the couple reflected on an exciting family outing. The busyness of Paris was a world away from the peaceful Martigné-sur-Mayenne though, and while Angel found it "inspiring," young Dorothy found it a bit much to take in. Angel recalled: "We found our seats on the train, got ourselves settled and snuggled up. "We were going on an adventure and the train journey felt full of the unknown!" READ MORE: Stranger Things season 4 release time: What time is it on Netflix? While the experience ended up being a great opportunity to connect with her daughter, Angel did remember how she found it slightly frightening to begin with. She wrote: "Taking Dorothy to Paris was glorious and incredibly bonding. "We had never explored a city together before. She does not know London and, at first, she was a little overwhelmed by so many people walking very fast. "For me, it was simply fantastic to be in a melting pot of culture again. "It was a visual delight and full of all the sounds, smells and sights that I missed. "We walked around the streets, looking at the incredible shop displays, popped into a few shops, stopped for a drink and a snack - and got the kind of service you might expect in Paris - and saw some incredible lifestyle shops. "I was busy taking notes and pictures the whole time and was completely inspired to find old bread racks that would look perfect on display in my newly named tresoire!" The 44-year-old added: "I was raring to get back and start getting my space organised." DON'T MISS... The Chase forced to undergo major change by ITV boss 'Boring' [LATEST]'I don't care' Jane McDonald opens up on appearance concerns [VIDEO]EastEnders theory: Double exit for Janine and Scarlett [THEORY] Dick and Angel made the momentous decision to up sticks and purchase the French chateau in 2015, and in the seven years since, the family has managed to transform it into their own vision. With their young children Arthur and Dorothy, they have built up a huge following of fans who enjoy their DIY tips and watching the couple's creative imaginations come to life. Angel enjoys focusing on the artistic side of the renovations, while Dick is handy with the practical elements. Many viewers have watched the show from the start and are always keen to hear updates from the adventurous duo. When they first bought the building for just £280,000, it had no electricity, heating or water. The husband and wife team continues to renovate the chateau and have enjoyed sharing different stages of its development in each series of the Channel 4 show. Escape to the Chateau is available to watch on All4.