In April, James Corden revealed he would be making a shock departure from his CBS chat show, The Late Late Show, next year. While many fans have anticipated what he would do next, a recently released first look image revealed he would be returning to screens as an actor.  Among British viewers, James Corden made a name for himself as Smithy on BBC’s hit comedy series, Gavin and Stacey. After his role as Gavin’s (played by Mathew Horne) best friend came to an end in 2010, Corden set his sights on America, where he also became a household name. The Late Late Show with James Corden first premiered in 2015 and has since become a huge success, including interviews with A list stars and viral segments. Despite this, Corden announced he would be stepping down during a taping of his chat show and stated it was a "good time to move on and see what else might be out there". READ MORE: Lorraine warns Emmerdale guest to ‘behave' after appearance remark While many disappointed fans anticipated what the presenter would do next, an exciting first look image revealed that Corden would return to acting. The 43-year-old was photographed on the set of Jez Butterworth’s Mammals, which began filming last year. Corden, who admitted he never saw the talk show as his “final destination", is expected to be returning to the UK for the role after spending nearly a decade in the US with his family. Mammals is a six-part Amazon Original comedy series and it will star Corden as a character named Jamie.  Alongside the presenter, the series will feature a star-studded cast which will see the likes of Sally Hawkins, Melia Kreiling, Colin Morgan, Henry Lloyd-Hughes and Samuel Anderson. Speaking on its upcoming release, the award-winning writer Jez Butterworth disclosed: “You’ll enjoy this if you enjoy James, Sally and my work.” Hinting at its storyline, Jez added: “It’s a relationship drama but also a whodunit." Although the writer has remained tight-lipped about Mammals, he previously shared it was about the challenges of marriage. DON'T MISS...David McCallum age: How old is Ducky from NCIS in real life? [INSIGHT]‘She changed my life’ James Corden pays tribute to Kay Mellor [INSIGHT]James Corden told to 'stay in the USA' after backing Harry and Meghan [INSIGHT] Jez added: “A good marriage is the most magical thing, in a world of eight billion, you’ve found the one who gets you, ignites your body and soul. “Who allows you to grow and flourish, who gives you the spark, the confidence to become you. “You’re also never going to have sex with anyone else, ever, and then you’re going to die, and be dead forever.” This will be Corden’s first return to acting since he reprised his role as Smithy for a Gavin and Stacey special in 2019.  It was also recently revealed, as he wrapped up his last year of the talk show with “a bang", that Corden would be filming The Late Late Show in the UK with a British spin. There will be four special episodes which will be broadcast from London while keeping with the show’s originality. This means fans will see the show have its musical and comedic segments with a complete British makeover. The four episodes will also feature guests and additional creative elements, which will be revealed closer to the premiere dates. A release date for Mammals is yet to be revealed, however, Express.co.uk will be updated. The Late Late Show with James Corden will be available from Tuesday 28 June to Friday 1 July on Sky Comedy and streaming service NOW. 