The Communication Workers Union (CWU) said the strike is over a pay freeze for 2021 and the offer of a two percent increase from April this year, alongside a £250 one-off lump sum. An overwhelming 97.3 percent of the CWU voted in favour of industrial action in March in a fight for a fairer deal. Andy Furey, CWU assistant secretary said: “This is the first national Post Office strike for a number of years and the responsibility for this situation lies 100 percent with the senior management and their stubborn, arrogant and downright disrespectful attitude towards their workforce.” The CWU said that Post Office managers had been insisting on a pay freeze for 2021-22 "despite the company generating a profit for the last two years during the pandemic from the efforts of their key worker employees". The CWU spokesperson added: "Insultingly, Post Office has offered just a two percent pay increase - plus a £250 one-off payment (pro-rata for part-timers) for 2022-23." The union said this offer was not enough to keep up with the mounting cost of living, which is currently rising by seven percent. READ MORE: Passport warning: One million holidays at risk   Mr Furey said: “Despite this union's best attempts to avoid strike action, the Post Office has displayed no interest whatsoever in meaningful negotiations. “As such, workers have delivered an overwhelming mandate for strike action.” The strike urges the Post Office to “thrash out” a settlement that “shows respect for Britain’s key workers who kept Post Offices open for society during the pandemic.” In a statement from the CWU, all 114 of the UK’s Crown Post Offices are said to close for 24 hours on Tuesday, May 3.  If you are unsure as to whether your local Post Office is open, you can check opening hours via the Post Office website here. Popping your postcode into the branch finder will show you all Post Offices close to you, as well as providing contact information for branches. Without a full list of branches closing, giving your local Post Office a phone call to check it is open is advised before travelling. The dispute is said to involve counter staff, as well as those in clerical, administration and call centres. It says there will be no cash deliveries or collections from the 11,500 sub-post offices around the UK either, with the action aimed to “severely impact” everywhere. DON'T MISS: Gary Neville sparks angry row after savaging ‘idiot’ Nigel Farage [ANALYSIS]Haslemere fire: Huge blaze burns former school to the ground [INSIGHT]Britons could save £340 every year with prepayment certificates [EXPLAINED]    Although, a Post Office spokesperson said: "We have been notified by the CWU that they have instructed their members to take strike action on Tuesday, May 3. "We want to assure our customers that the vast majority of our 11,500 branches are unaffected by this decision and will remain open throughout the day." Crown Post Offices are larger branches typically located in city centres and high streets and are directly managed by Post Office. The Post Offices that aren’t classed as Crown Post Offices are run by either franchise partners or local subpostmasters. You can usually find these Post Offices in shops like Londis, and these will be largely unaffected.  The Glasgow Times reports up to 10 branches could be impacted in Scotland. Two of these are in the Glasgow area - Glasgow (West Nile Street) and Springburn Way Glasgow. Posters will be displayed showing where the nearest alternative branches are located, but to check alternative branches online, click here.  Mr Furey said: "Post Office management are insisting they are simply following Government policy on public sector pay policy. "But they have repeatedly contradicted themselves, and have also said that it's their decision to impose a pay freeze. "We know Post Office has turned over huge profits in these past few years - management can afford to provide our members with a reasonable pay increase if they wanted. Mr Furey continued: “Our members don’t appreciate being taken for fools, which is why they have voted in massive numbers for strike action. “Post Office can’t put their heads in the sand. This dispute won’t go away, and our members are united – they won’t accept a collapse in their living standards.” “To avoid more disruption to services this year, the CWU urges Post Office to get around the bargaining table and thrash out a settlement with us that treats our key worker heroes with the respect they deserve.” 