While the EV public charging point network in the UK is growing, there’s still an element of anxiety when it comes to needing a battery top-up and possibly being unable to find a charging point. According to a new survey by comparison site Uswitch, drivers in the UK are fearful about a lack of availability. Almost three-quarters of drivers (73 percent) in the UK who were questioned believe it would be difficult to find a charger for regular use if they didn’t have one at home. When asked about their concerns over the ban on petrol and diesel cars due in 2030, the survey highlighted that almost half (of people are concerned about it). As a result of this, 51 percent of people said they would consider buying an EV before the ban takes place. Despite those intentions, only one in three (38 percent) respondents believe they’d be able to easily access a public charger if they owned an electric car. READ MORE: Drivers may face two years in prison for driving after summer rain The survey also revealed that for the small number of current electric vehicle drivers, public charging is already an issue, with 66 percent admitting that they find it difficult to find a public charger for their journeys. The study further highlighted that 62 percent of women are concerned about access to a public charger. That figure highlights previously raised concerns that safety around more remote public chargers could be an issue. Range anxiety is also still a concern with three in five drivers stating that they would not be happy to stop mid-journey to charge their car. DON'T MISSEU’s petrol and diesel ban targets the poor and is 'wasteful' [COMMENT]Millions of drivers at risk of major £5,000 fines for 'serious issue' [WARNING]Driver threatened with debt collector after £5 parking error [SHOCKING] This may be due to perceived charging times, which were revealed in the survey to be 3.16 hours on average to charge an electric vehicle, over two and a half hours longer than the actual average charging time. Ben Gallizzi, EV expert at Uswitch.com said: “It’s clear that electric vehicle charging is still a major concern for British consumers despite the growing number of public chargers. “And with many people unable to have a home charger installed, it’s understandable that they might be anxious about relying on the public charging network. “It’s a good idea to do your research to see what’s available in your area or on the route of any planned journeys if you will be relying on public electric car chargers.” Uswitch also compiled some tips for EV owners who want to use charge points. They said: “Despite some EV charging stations being free, they will usually be within pay and display car parks. “Make sure you plan your charge to work out the cost of accessing the free charger before your journey, as it may end up cheaper to pay for charging elsewhere. “Most public chargers along motorways are rapid chargers, which on average can take 30-60 mins for a full charge. “Fast charging however can take longer, with an average of 4-6 hours, so taking this into account when planning journeys can help avoid unforeseen additional journey times. “Installing a home charger can reduce the cost of charging for EV owners, as public chargers can be expensive. “Charging your EV at home can also allow you to charge overnight, without the worry of finding the next charging point. “Some supermarkets offer free to use chargers in their car parks. Using a public charging map can help you find out which ones. “Not all public charging stations will have cables available to use, so make sure you keep spare cables in the car so that you don't get caught out.”