Queen Elizabeth II celebrated her Platinum Jubilee - 70 years on the throne - on February 6, 2022. And the bank holiday to celebrate the momentous occasion is right around the corner! To pay homage to HRH, designers at Bulgari created a custom Platinum Jubilee tiara. The diamond tiara contains several emeralds. Most prominently, it features a 63.44ct Zambian emerald in the centre. A lotus flower has been carved into the central emerald. The piece can also be converted into a necklace. READ MORE: 'Frazzled': Kate Middleton 'un-regal' at Pippa's wedding But why does the design focus so heavily on emeralds? This particular gemstone symbolises purity, eternity, healing and hope. And fittingly for HRH, the emerald is an incredibly regal stone. Indeed, Cleopatra was known for her love of wearing them. Lucia Silvestri, creative director of Bulgari, modelled the fabulous tiara on her Instagram. She captioned the photo: "Feel like a princess, tiara and necklace with emerald are a perfect binomial." She referred to the tiara as "a fantastic piece of art". Supermodel Lily Aldridge took the social media platform to give her approval: "Wowwwwww". And other fashion lovers were just as impressed. @rogova59 wrote: "Now you’re talking." @racyjaracy called the royal accessory a "showstopper". As for the inspiration behind the piece, Lucia Silvesti said: “I was inspired by the Queen, a strong and powerful woman, an icon of our times, and by her historic admiration of emeralds to design a piece centred around this striking carved emerald, which showcases Bulgari’s mastery in craftsmanship and creativity,” according to Couture And Royals. Of course, royal fans took to Twitter to praise the jewel. @toriaa_h stated: "I just wanna see it on a head!" @farchie03 called it a "spectacular celebratory creation". However, not everybody was impressed by the tiara. @royalistia said: "Is it just me or it's not pretty... at all?" @Guincam3 made a prediction as to who might wear the special jewel. Calling it the "epitome of craftsmanship", they stated: "Think Duchess of Cambridge may wear it well because green is her colour."