Prince Harry married his then-girlfriend Meghan Markle on May 19, 2018 in Windsor. The Royal Family were heavily involved in the ceremony, with Prince Charles walking the Duchess of Sussex down the aisle. Also, Prince George was a page boy and Princess Charlotte was a bridesmaid.  Reactions among the royals went viral on the day, with some little laughs and occasional stares into the camera that fans turned into memes. Body language expert Judi James spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to analyse the Royal Family’s facial expressions at the royal wedding. She said: “This was a relatively relaxed wedding for the members of the Firm: more intimate than William and Kate’s, it also treated us to the sight of Charles walking his daughter-in-law the final length of the aisle beaming with what looked like pride and delight. “Charles looked every inch the happy dad, being more tactile and more relaxed than usual with his wife Camilla as well as an enthusiastic host for Meghan’s mother Doria.”  READ MORE: Royal Family: Harry and Meghan flying to UK 'for big royal PR' Judi explained: “If anything, Charles’ body language suggested his enjoyment of the wedding was only topped by the utterly joyful bride and groom’s. “Charles is always at his best when he is close to the centre of attention and walking with his very beautiful daughter-in-law Meghan seemed to tick that box for him.” How different was Prince William’s body language at this wedding compared to his own in 2011?  Judi commented: “For William there appeared to be some moments of what looked like a reflection in between the grins and signals of what looked like the normal shared humour and fun with his brother. “We were shown what we expected at that time, i.e. a solid, affectionate and friendly double-act from William and Harry. “Their body language did lack some of the energy and fun from William’s wedding but as Harry was the best man there and able to keep the banter and the naughty grins stoked up, it wasn’t unexpected to see a shift in dynamic once Harry was the anxious and nervous-looking groom." More minor royals like Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie, and also Zara Tindall were in attendance at the wedding.  Judi continued: “Sitting beside her own father, Beatrice looked upbeat and playful and her suppressed, rounded-cheek smiles did look like a smirk at times but that fun was probably provided by Zara, sitting on the other side of the aisle. “Zara was very pregnant and, despite arriving laughing happily with husband Mike, her discomfort at being wedged into a narrow pew became obvious. “Her arms splayed out and she changed position several times while smiling across at her cousins and uncle.”  Judi added: “Kate looked animated and happy, chatting and laughing with Camilla beside her. “In the group shot it is Camilla and Sophie who look a little dour, with the normally sparking Sophie sitting hunched and grim-faced in the pew behind Camilla, close to a rather haughty-looking Princess Anne. “Apart from a rather sad-looking expression in William’s eyes, there was little to suggest anything other than open affection for the intensely in-love couple from most of Meghan’s new family. “The sense of open affection from the crowds outside seemed to seep into the chapel, making this a very happy and relaxed event for everyone apart from the squirming, uncomfortable Zara.” 