As bills continue to rise, people are being reminded they could qualify for financial help from the DWP. Some 850,000 state pension age Britons are missing out on this DWP benefit which could also shave thousands off their energy bills and council tax. Pensioners are missing out on an average of £1,900 a year in Pension Credit from the DWP, but that’s not the only thing they are losing out on. Pension Credit acts as a gateway benefit to other benefits and “freebies” that could help pensioners make huge savings on their bills. By not claiming Pension Credit they could be missing out on hundreds of pounds towards energy bills. Britons who qualify for even a little bit of Pension Credit are also usually eligible for a council tax discount. READ MORE: PIP payment: The date you receive DWP benefit will change in June  How much is Pension Credit? Britons will have their earnings topped up to £182.60 a week if they are single. Couples will have their earnings topped up to £278.70 per week. Pension credit can be worth £3,000 per year on average. DON'T MISSMartin Lewis urges Britons to watch out for 'hidden' payments [WARNING]Nationwide has increased rates across savings and ISA accounts [UPDATE]Dave Ramsey suggests if man should overpay mortgage or put it pension [INSIGHT] Pension Credit is the most under-claimed benefit in the UK, despite the support it can offer pensioners. Henry Tapper, Chair of Pension Playpen, recently called for everyone to get behind the new Pension Credit campaign. He said: “This is a rallying call to the UK’s key influencers, the charities, the banks, the insurers, the pension trusts, the utilities and other services supporting pensioners to support the ‘Pension Credit – it’s for you!’ campaign. “Around one in three eligible households are currently being failed."  He continued: “These people are missing out on £1.7billion of much needed, unclaimed ‘free money’ that is Pension Credit. “With the current cost of living crisis, the sense of urgency couldn’t be greater." Older people who earn less than the above thresholds should apply. They can find out more at Gov.uk What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Pension credit claimants may also be able to claim: Reduced council tax billsCapped water billsWarm Home Discount Scheme of £140 off fuel bills£25 in Cold Weather PaymentsDisabled Facilities Grant (up to £30,000) to make changes to a homeHomeowners can apply for up to £10,000 to pay for a boilerHomeowners can get help to pay for double glazing as part of the Green Homes SchemeUp to £300 in Winter Fuel PaymentsHelp with housing costsHelp with funeral costs.