It will be a big summer ahead for Manchester United. Erik ten Hag will be manager of the Red Devils next term, with Ralf Rangnick now poised to move upstairs as a consultant. So Express Sport will now take a look at the five likeliest signings the Red Devils will make this summer. United want a new centre-back this summer. Eric Bailly, Axel Tuanzebe and Phil Jones are all expected to leave, with the trio failing to live up to expectations at Old Trafford. And links to Jurrien Timber have been intensifying. The Dutchman’s representatives were in England over the weekend to discuss a move to United. And given he’s played under Ten Hag at Ajax, it’s feasible he’ll choose to reunite with the 52-year-old at the fallen Premier League giants. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Frenkie de Jong has been strongly linked with a move to United this summer. And, over the weekend, it was claimed he gave away from goodies to Barcelona fans as a farewell present. Barcelona boss Xavi has regularly talked up De Jong, insisting he’s got the potential to be a regular presence in his team. Yet with the Catalan titans needing to balance their finances, they’re ready to cash in should a suitable offer arrive. United are at the front of the queue for De Jong, with the 25-year-old previously playing under Ten Hag at Ajax. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag United want a striker this summer. And Darwin Nunez has been strongly linked with a move to the Red Devils, having dazzled for Benfica this season. The Uruguay international has outscored every United player this term, netting 26 goals in the Primeira Liga alone. Without Champions League football, some foresee the Red Devils missing out on Nunez. But, given their vast financial muscle and appeal as one of the biggest clubs on the planet, it’s feasible he’ll make the move. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz RB Leipzig don’t want to lose Christopher Nkunku. But United could be about to test their resolve amid suggestions he’s a player on Ten Hag’s radar. The France international was recently named Bundesliga player of the season after a stirring campaign at the Red Bull Arena, where he managed 33 goal involvements from 34 matches. Again, without Champions League football to offer, a move to Old Trafford won’t be straightforward. But with Rangnick previously recommending Nkunku, United will be hoping to conclude a deal this summer. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here United are likely to lose Dean Henderson at the end of the season. He’ll either be loaned out or permanently sold, having struggled to get into the team over David De Gea. Therefore, United will need a replacement. And with Tottenham turning to Fraser Forster to deputise for Hugo Lloris, that will give the Red Devils a free run at Johnstone. He previously came through the United academy and could be tempted into returning, even though he wouldn’t be guaranteed a starting berth.