Real Madrid president Florentino Perez brutally told Kylian Mbappe he had been ‘forgotten’ after Los Blancos sealed a remarkable Champions League triumph against Liverpool on Saturday night. Mbappe recently infuriated Madrid by opting to remain at Paris Saint-Germain, despite it being thought that he would head to the Spanish capital.   Mbappe’s PSG contract was set to expire at the end of the season and he was therefore able to discuss a free transfer move to a foreign club. The French outfit were involved in a tense battle to keep the 23-year-old away from Madrid. The forward surprisingly announced that he had signed a new deal with PSG last week, despite strong rumours suggesting he would join the Spanish side. He was handed a blockbuster contract worth a reported £1million per week. Madrid were said to be surprised and furious by the agreement but president Perez said the Frenchman had been ‘forgotten’ after their Champions League victory. A solitary goal by Vinicius Junior helped defeat Premier League side Liverpool in Paris. JUST IN: Chelsea set for unexpected transfer boost after Real Madrid victory "Real Madrid will always keep working on having the best players," Perez told Spanish TV outlet Movistar. "But Mbappe is forgotten now. It's fine. Madrid had a perfect season. It's a subject that's forgotten." Mbappe scored 39 goals across a tremendous personal campaign, but his PSG side were knocked out of the Champions League by Madrid at the last-16 stage. His two goals in each leg had put the Ligue 1 outfit 2-0 ahead on aggregate, only for Karim Benzema to score an incredible hat-trick. Carlo Ancelotti’s side went on to beat Chelsea and Manchester City to set up a showdown with Liverpool. The Italian surprisingly suggested that the Reds were easier to play against than their previous knockout opponents. DON'T MISS...Michael Owen left with egg on his face after Champions League finalSadio Mane shows he's a class act after Liverpool lose to Real MadridGary Neville brutally twists knife after Real Madrid beat Liverpool “Looking back, people said, ‘oh PSG were unlucky, Chelsea were unlucky, Manchester City were unlucky’, this was practically the only game where people thought we were more or less on the same level,” Ancelotti said. “I think it helped that Liverpool were easier to decipher than the others, because they have a very clear identity and we could prepare the way that we did. We knew what strategy to take, don’t give them space behind the defence to run into. “Perhaps our football wasn’t extraordinarily beautiful tonight on an aesthetic level, but playing out from the back to incentivise their pressing wasn’t a great idea. We had a few more long balls, then when their press in our half of the pitch lessened, we got to control the ball more especially in the second half.”  