You haven't won at the Santiago Bernabeu until you have left the stadium, so the saying goes. Don't Manchester City just know it. There have been some crazy, unexplainable, logic-defying nights in the UEFA Champions League over the years but this must now be discussed in the same breath as Istanbul, Barcelona's breathtaking comeback against Paris Saint-Germain, Lucas Moura's heroics in Amsterdam and the rest of them.  Real Madrid had not even registered a shot on target until the 90th minute when substitute Rodrygo gave Los Blancos a small glimmer of hope. That's all it was - until the fourth official declared there would be six minutes of additional time. Yet the nerves, infectious energy and thunderous atmosphere inside the Bernabeu simply consumed the shell-shocked Premier League leaders Manchester City, who were dragged into even deeper waters before being sucked under. Super-sub Rodrygo glanced home to level things up on aggregate and suddenly City, who were just minutes away from booking their place in an all-English final in Paris against rivals Liverpool, were heading for extra-time. Yet just when you thought the sound of the full-time whistle would allow City to find their composure and regroup, you were once again proven wrong. We had not seen it all just yet. READ MORE: Jack Grealish screams 'f*** off' at ref as Man City Champions League final hopes shattered Karim Benzema evaded his marker and beat Ruben Dias to a cutback inside the City box, before going down under the challenge of the Portuguese centre-back. The referee pointed to the spot. Just as he did at the Etihad, there was ice in the veins of the Frenchman, who calmly sent Ederson the wrong way to put Real Madrid 3-1 up on the night and crucially, also ahead on aggregate. Mohamed Salah, will now get his long-awaited shot at redemption, something he made known at full-time when he tweeted: "We have a score to settle." He packed no punches when placed under the spotlight by the BT Sport punditry team on Tuesday night at Villarreal. DON'T MISSMan Utd defensive duo 'have chances' to join growing five-man summer exodusLuka Modric slapped by Aymeric Laporte as Real Madrid and Man City players clashJack Grealish screams 'f*** off' at ref as Man City Champions League final hopes shattered  The Egyptian marksman had not been at his best but had played his part in helping Liverpool over the line in sodden eastern Spain, as the Reds came back from 2-0 down at half-time to beat the hosts 3-2 at Estadio de la Ceramica. There was no saturated small talk, just brutal honesty from the Premier League's leading goalscorer, who said: "I want Real Madrid. Man City are a tough side but I have to be honest, I would like to play Real Madrid..." Peter Crouch then pressed him for clarity, asking if revenge for Kyiv 2018 was his motive... To which Salah replied: "Yes, of course, they beat us a few years ago so hopefully we can do that if we get them." Now he will get the chance to truly exercise any remaining demons from the Olympic Stadium in Ukraine - despite securing his winner's medal in Madrid in 2019 by scoring in Liverpool's 2-0 triumph over Tottenham. Real Madrid have caused their fair share of agony and heartbreak for the Reds in the past four Champions League seasons, having also beaten the Reds in last season's quarter-finals behind closed doors. Now Liverpool, at full strength, will get their chance to inflict their own misery on Madrid, who once again have defied all odds to reach yet another final. There is something so very special about their relationship with this competition in the past decade after securing La Decima in 2014 under current boss Carlo Ancelotti. He will now be looking to put the icing on the cake to cap yet another phenomenal season after already winning the La Liga title. And those he left behind on the blue half of Merseyside may now forgive him for the manner of his departure, should he deliver Real Madrid's 14th European Cup in Paris.