The data, released by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP), has shown improvements for women as it relates to the sum. The mean weekly state pension amount received by women in November 2021 was recorded as £148.82, compared to £172.12 for men. However, this is an improvement on the November 2020 figures recorded at £143.43 for women, and £168.65 for men. Experts have welcomed the narrowing of the distance between the sexes in terms of state pension finances. Helen Morrissey, senior pensions and retirement analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, said: “The introduction of the new state pension in 2016 has significantly boosted the amount women receive. “We are seeing a big drop in the number of women receiving less than £100 per week in state pension. READ MORE: State pensioners may have to pay tax on their sum “As more women retire into the new state pension system we should see incomes continue to grow and the introduction of auto-enrolment will see many more women further build their retirement resilience with a workplace pension.” However, despite improvements, Ms Morrissey stressed it is still “hugely important” for women to build their own retirement wealth. Numerous factors could impact a woman throughout her lifetime, and it is always a good idea to be prepared. As it relates to the new state pension, women can no longer inherit the state pension entitlement from a spouse in the same way as before. DON'T MISSRishi Sunak ‘poised to swoop’ with 55% tax on pension saving breach [ANALYSIS]State pension ‘is reducing gender retirement gap’ [INSIGHT]WASPI woman caring for brother-in-law slams state pension sum [VIDEO] This is due to the fact the new state pension has ushered in new rules where women’s state pension is based on their own National Insurance record. In a similar sense, some women may be counting on their partner’s workplace pension savings. However, these arrangements can often be complicated when it comes to paying out. If a separation or divorce occurs, then women could be left in the lurch when it comes to retirement income. Ms Morrissey has described the state pension as the “backbone” of retirement planning. For this reason, individuals may wish to check their National Insurance record ahead of time. Individuals will be able to do this via the Government’s website, however they should be aware the record will not cover how much state pension they are likely to get. To use the online service, people will need a Government Gateway user ID and password, which can be created if checking a record for the first time. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Alternatively, the NI record can also be requested online or by post. Ms Morrissey added: “Under the current system you need ten years’ worth of National Insurance (NI) credits to qualify for a state pension and 35 years’ worth to qualify for the full amount. “Women can often struggle to reach the full amount because they spend time out of the workforce looking after families. “However, claiming state benefits during these times can mean you can still claim NI credits and build your entitlement.”