Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall and Prince Charles met Prime Minister of Canada Justin Trudeau on Wednesday night. The royal couple attended an evening reception hosted by Governor-General Mary Simon at Rideau Hall in Ottawa. The Prince of Wales and the Duchess are visiting the country for three days.  The tour forms part of Queen Elizabeth's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Camilla was wearing a navy and white silk print Fiona Clare dress, which retailed for £48 on the brand's website. Fiona Clare is one of Camilla’s most trusted designers, especially for royal tours. She has worn several dresses from the company over the years as a working royal.  READ MORE: Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall steps out in bright blue coat - pictures This particular dress she has worn many times too, including at the G7 Summit in Cornwall last year. Camilla also wore her iconic Chanel shoes last night. These shoes are cream with a black pointed toe and block heel. The Duchess has been pictured wearing these shoes as far back as 2005, the year she eventually married Charles.  Interestingly, Chanel is a brand that Princess Diana reportedly refused to wear after her divorce from Charles because of its links to Camilla. Australian designer Jayson Brundson said of Diana's hesitancy to wear Chanel: “I asked why, and she said, ‘It’s Camilla and Charles.’ "It was definitely the timing, it being post-divorce. She would have seen linked C’s and they would have just reminded her of Charles and Camilla."  Although this exact pair is no longer available from Chanel, there are similar ones on the website that sell for a whopping £800. Completing her ensemble, the 74-year-old royal rocked a £3,800 Van Cleef & Arpels bracelet in royal blue agate. Camilla's on-trend accessory has adorned the necks and wrists of many a famous face, including Kate Middleton and Molly-Mae Hague.  The Duchess then accessorised with a simple one strand pearl necklace. She also chose a matching pair of simple pearl earrings. Camilla teased her blonde hair into her usual sweeping bob hairstyle. She then elevated her look with a light makeup look and subtle pink lipstick.  Charles wore a royal blue tie with little white polka dot prints to go with his pinstripe navy suit. The royal couple stood upright without masks beside Justin Trudeau, who was instead sporting a black face mask. Charles and Camilla are due to meet Indigenous peoples in Canada later today. Today is their last day on their royal tour before jetting back home to the UK. 