Some British holidaymakers have found it takes an hour to get through security checks with “congestion and crowds everywhere”. The Spanish Government is still advising people to social distance where possible even though some Covid restrictions have been lifted. Tourists said this was impossible at Majorca’s Palma airport and said they felt “very insecure” being so close to people. One passenger said: “There was no distance between people.” The situation has been blamed on a lack of staff and workers are demanding action to make sure chaotic weekend scenes are not repeated this summer. Staff fear the situation will only get worse unless more action is taken before the peak summer season. READ MORE: Jane McDonald in Florida - star shares useful tip One person said: “Even if you go in plenty of time to the airport, you find hundreds of people without being able to advance.” A British tourist posted: “It’s going to be a nightmare this summer at the airport if it’s going to be like this! Passengers claimed that airport buses and holiday coaches arriving at the same time exacerbated the issue. Airport staff said the shortage of security staff was due to unattractive contract offers such as part-time hours. Javier Gandara, president of the Association of Airlines, has called for reinforcements at passport control for passengers due to the high density of international traffic. Every week, many Britons fly to Palma to travel to cruise ships which often start itineraries at the port. He said: “The tourism sector is key to the Spanish economy and for recovery after the pandemic, so we see the situation of congestion in airport passport control is unsustainable. “The problem directly affects passengers but also implies an added difficulty to the already complex operation of airlines and negatively impacts the international image of Spain. “In fact, this problem of congestion in passport controls had transcended in international media, which could discourage international travellers from coming to our holiday country. “We cannot afford it.” Britons must have their passport stamped on entry and exit to the EU since the Brexit transition period ended. This had led to longer queues for some British holidaymakers in top holiday destinations. Staffing issues have also plagued airports in the UK. Passengers have faced long queues at Birmingham and Manchester airports. Security staff can take a very long time to recruit due to the high level of security clearance needed for the roles. Many employees left the industry during the pandemic and some may have since found other work. British tourists must be vaccinated to travel to Spain unless they have a recent recovery certificate. Additional reporting by Rita Sobot. 