The Duke visited the hospital to learn more about the life saving treatment and research offered to people with cancer. Writing on Twitter, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge said: “The @RoyalMarsdenNHS’s life saving treatment and research is improving cancer outcomes for people across the country.  "With the use of robotic-guided procedures, they’re delivering faster, more accurate and therefore more effective treatment. “On top of that, it’s clear to see the efforts all the Marsden’s staff go to in ensuring their patients feel at home during difficult times. "It was great to meet some of the team who’ve cared for @BowelBabe and to take a moment to thank everyone here for their inspirational work.” Deborah James, who goes by @BowelBabe on Twitter, was cared for by nurses and doctors at the Royal Marsden Hospital, with Prince William hailing her “brilliant, brave and inspirational”.  READ MORE: Royal protocol blasted as 'nonsense' following Kate's premiere mishap Ms James is currently receiving end of life care, with Prince William visiting her home to give her her Damehood. Speaking of meeting her, he said: “I loved meeting her, she was fantastic - her legacy is massive.” Prince William was called “Doctor Cambridge” by some on Twitter after photos of him in scrubs were released following his visit to the hospital today [May 24]. One person wrote on Twitter: “Prince William had an engagement today. He visited the Royal Marsden Hospital. He observed robotic cancer treatment. Our own Doctor Cambridge!”  DON'T MISS: Davos say inflation 'price to pay' for defending against Putin [INSIGHT]Britain is relying on you Chancellor to save the day - EXPRESS COMMENT [COMMENT]Woke preach only grievance and resentment, says FRANK LUNTZ [OPINION] Dame Cally Palmer, Chief Executive of The Royal Marsden, said: “It was a privilege to welcome our President, The Duke of Cambridge, back to The Royal Marsden to show him some of our new developments." The prince also visited Man Van while visiting the hospital – a mobile health clinic providing free health checks for men to diagnose prostate and other urological cancers earlier. Tweeting from their official account, the Royal Marsden NHS Foundation Trust said: “We're delighted to share that HRH The Duke of Cambridge, visited The Royal Marsden NHS Foundation Trust today to find out about some of the latest ways the hospital is helping to improve the diagnosis and treatment of #cancer.” Prince William was seen looking at a screen as he followed a robotic microwave ablation procedure at the hospital as he met with staff earlier today. The Duke has been praised for being “hands on” and learning more about the treatments being offered. 