Nicola (played by Nicola Wheeler) had a turbulent year with her husband, Jimmy King (Nick Miles), last year on Emmerdale following a crash he was involved in which resulted in the death of Paul Ashdale (Reece Dinsdale). The subsequent months after the explosive storyline saw him begin developing feelings for Mandy Dingle (Lisa Riley) and the pair even shared a kiss. This was a lot for his wife to process but in upcoming scenes on the ITV soap, she could be the one who plays away. The drama begins towards the end of next week's episodes as Nicola is busy with her council work and she decides to change her surroundings by working at The Hide. However, it's not too long before her sister, Bernice (Samantha Giles) pokes her nose in and wants to know what is going on in the world of local councils. With the work piling up and as she begins to feel more stressed, the councillor could tell her sister she wants to spend more time with her husband. As a solution to her problems, she could ask Bernice to step in and help her with a few more administrative tasks, which she would be more than happy to do. Unfortunately, wanting to spend time with Jimmy could be a lie as Nicola could feel her other half is starting to neglect her. READ MORE: Where are the original cast of Midsomer Murders now? Not wanting to think about work or her turbulent love life, Nicola could take her time away from the council duties to embark on a more enjoyable venture. Going into town, she could decide to spend the afternoon having a few drinks by herself and not being interrupted by anyone. Noticing she is sitting alone, a handsome stranger could ask to join her and won over by his charms, Nicola could agree to be kept company. As the drinks flow and Nicola gets more attention than she has received in months, she could exchange numbers with the stranger. Over the next couple of days, she could have a skip in her step as she feels she is becoming more like the old Nicola before she was married. With the weeks passing by, Nicola could embark on a steamy affair as she feels she wants to spend more time with the handsome stranger. Nicola might believe she is covering her tracks but she might find she was not being as careful as she thought she was. As Bernice continues to take on more administrative tasks without being paid, she could start to become suspicious of all the time her sister is taking off work. When she sees Jimmy looking after the couple's two children, with her sister nowhere to be seen, Bernice could start to do some investigating. Getting her hands on Nicola's phone, Bernice could place a tracker on it so she can follow her sister when she leaves her desk. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale’s Jeff Hordley addresses behind the scenes ‘trouble’ [COMMENT]Emmerdale star Ash Palmisciano pays tribute to ‘role model’ late mum [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock issues warning to fans on Facebook [COMMENT] However, the last thing Bernice would be expecting to see is her sister meeting a handsome stranger and kissing him passionately. When she sees them heading into a hotel, there would be no doubt in her mind about what her sister was up to, leaving her with a huge dilemma on her hands. Torn over her loyalties to Nicola and not wanting Jimmy to be hurt, will Bernice tell the truth or keep the affair a secret? The actress who plays the feisty villager, Nicola, has addressed the reception she has received from fans over her character's relationship with Jimmy. Nicola explained: "People say to me in the street, ‘You should be nicer to Jimmy,’ although I stick up for my character and say, ‘If I were married to a Jimmy, he’d be under the patio by now!’" "Thank God Nick Miles, who plays him, is nothing like Jimmy," the soap star continued in an interview with Inside Soap. "We call him ‘Jim, Nice But Dim’, as he is a bit stupid, isn’t he? The majority of fans enjoy Nicola being rude and funny!" How will viewers feel if they discover Nicola is now going to be the one who cheats on Jimmy? Whatever comes from her next storyline, it seems Nicola is going to be sticking around in the village for a while to come. The actress said: "I am lucky to have been in 'Emmerdale' for a long time and I am happy playing a catty cow." "But it’s so great to be part of the soap and you never want to shy away from work," she continued in her interview with the Daily Mirror. "I know I am creeping up to the 50 mark now but in my head, I am permanently 20. “But never say never. If the story is good, they can still kill you. I do feel lucky and I love the variety of working in the soap. "I often laugh at what my ­character is saying, and ­sometimes I do wonder why she hasn’t been murdered by now," Nicola added. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.