Deborah James took to Instagram and announced she is releasing a new book. The You, Me and the Big C podcast host, who was made a Dame last week by Prince William, has been moved to hospice care at her parents' home. The 40-year-old has since shared her dismay at not being able to see her new book release hit the shelves. Deborah appeared in high spirits as she held up a copy of her latest offering which was set to be released in January 2023. The mum-of-two has since confirmed the book release has been moved and will now be on sale in August. The cancer campaigner shared she had been working on her second book for the past two years. READ MORE: Joan Collins' 'near-death' moment after almost being run over In view of her 747,000 followers, Deborah penned: "I wrote another book!! So I’ve got a few things to share with you before I die that I’m gutted I won’t see in real life! But I’ve now been granted permission to share them and I’m really excited! "For the last 2 years, I’ve been working on my second book How to Live when you could be Dead - oh the irony of the title! I wanted to share all my (hard-won!!) learning on how to have a positive mindset when we are faced with life’s biggest challenges. "Whilst it is in its final edits, as anyone in publishing will know, suddenly changing book publication dates (regardless of health!) isn’t an easy feat. It was originally due out Jan 2023!!!" She continued: "All things considered, Penguin have managed to put it on pre-order and are aiming to publish it on the 18th August! It is still long after I’m flying high, but hopefully a little less longer for you to wait.   "We have worked really hard over the last few days to ensure the book benefits Bowelbabe Fund as much as possible. All my royalties will go to the fund and Penguin have kindly agreed to make an additional contribution per book. Altogether the donation per book will be £3. "£3 per book sold in the UK will go to Bowelbabe Fund for Cancer Research UK." Deborah concluded: "No pressure to do anything or order anything as I know your generosity has already been extraordinary." The podcast host also shared the news via her Instagram stories as she penned a candid message. DON'T MISS... Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen stuns fans with rare pic of daughter[LATEST]Eva Longoria, 47, stuns in sheer gown at Cannes Film Festival[PICTURES]Phillip Schofield sparks divide amid Queen's Jubilee - 'Switched off!'[ROYALS] Deborah shared another photo of herself holding her new book. She wrote: "Gutted I won't be alive to see it launched! "I'm giving all my royalties to the @bowelbabefund." The mum-of-two was swiftly inundated with messages of support, as Lorraine Kelly wrote: "Ordering asap - so proud of you." Abbie Quinnen penned: "What a woman! You should be so proud." Katie Piper commented: "Ordering mine now! Congratulations on your book @bowelbabe we can all learn so much from you." Kate Thornton added: "Pre-ordered with all my love, awe and unending respect." Deborah received her damehood for her extraordinary fundraising efforts after her Bowelbabe fund received donations of more than £6 million in a matter of days.