Iceland explained the new scheme, launching tomorrow May 24, is designed to help elderly customers through the cost of living crisis after new research by Age UK revealed that three-quarters of older people in the UK are worried about the rising cost of living. Iceland customers aged over 60 will receive a 10 percent discount on their groceries every Tuesday with no minimum spend. The discount will be available in-store at Iceland and The Food Warehouse. To claim the offer, senior customers need to show proof of age. This can be a driving licence or senior bus pass or railcard. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to get rid of ants in homes - ‘easiest way’  Shoppers will be able to get 10 percent off any product they buy in their Tuesday grocery shop from this week. Richard Walker, managing director at Iceland, explained: “We have a long history of supporting our over 60s customers, such as when we launched ‘Elderly Hour’ at the height of the pandemic. “The cost of living crisis has made support for these customers even more important, which is why I’m proud that we’re finding new ways to support them, including the launch of this discount.  “We hope it will help all those in this age category to cut costs where they can.” Iceland is also planning a national rollout of £30 vouchers to those receiving state pension, following their Christmas trial last year. The news comes as inflation has soared to more than a 40-year high in the UK, affecting food prices the most. Helen Dickinson, British Retail Consortium chief executive, explained: “Price rises will be unwelcome news for households who already face falling disposable income because of the rise in national insurance and energy price caps. “Retailers continue to face cost pressures from higher shipping rates, with crude oil prices having almost doubled over the last year. "Other pressures include labour shortages, commodity price increases, and rising energy prices. “Shops are going to great lengths to mitigate against these price rises and support their customers, for example many supermarkets have expanded their value ranges for food. "Unfortunately, there are limits to the costs that retailers can absorb,” she told i. Chris Beasley, from the home insurance company Smart Cover, shared with Express.co.uk some ways Britons can save money by making their food last longer. Some tips included keeping fruit and vegetables in their own drawers and avoiding keeping the milk in the door of the fridge. He explained: “Door compartments are actually warmer than the rest of the fridge. If you find your milk isn’t lasting very long, try storing it in the main storage area instead. “Condiments and sauces tend to have a longer shelf life and don’t need to be stored at a specific temperature in the fridge, so they will usually last okay in the door or on the top shelf. “The same goes for bottled drinks. It makes them easier to store and more convenient to reach if they are in the door, too.” 