Celtic boss Ange Postecoglou is reportedly weighing up a double swoop for Manchester City defensive duo Taylor Harwood-Bellis and Ko Itakura, and he could be wise to delve deeper into what else the Sky Blues have to offer. The Hoops have a solid relationship with Pep Guardiola's side, having orchestrated deals for the likes of Patrick Roberts, Dedryck Boyata, Jason Denayer and Olivier Ntcham over the past few years. Express Sport looks at four City starlets who are likely to be on Postecoglou's radar. The Celtic boss may have a hard time finding a younger centre-back who has a broader range of experience. Capped all the way up to England Under-21 level, Harwood-Bellis made his senior City debut as a teenager and spent the first half of last season on loan at Vincent Kompany's Anderlecht. Six months learning from the former City captain will have done him no harm whatsoever, and the 20-year-old also has two Championship loan spells on his CV. Harwood-Bellis was a regular at Stoke City towards the back end of last campaign, and Sky Sports claim that the youngster is already being eyed up by Postecoglou as part of a defensive reshuffle. JUST IN: Barcelona 'making no progress' with Ousmane Dembele talks as Chelsea prepare to pounce Left-back is set to be a high priority for Celtic this summer, and Wilson-Esbrand could be the perfect candidate to step in. It would be something of a punt given that the 19-year-old only has one senior appearance for the Sky Blues, but it was a hugely impressive showing in their 6-1 demolition of Wycombe Wanderers in the Carabao Cup last September. City did well to nab him from West Ham's academy back in 2019, and while competition to get into City's side is as fierce as ever, the prospect of gaining precious experience out on loan could be beneficial for all parties. DON'T MISS...Kalvin Phillips' stance on future may have blocked Man City transferMohamed Salah confirmed Liverpool decision but Sadio Mane gives cryptic answerArsenal dealt setbacks over trio who could be key to transfer plans While Celtic already have two seasoned frontmen in Kyogo Furuhashi and Giorgos Giakoumakis, passing up the opportunity to bring in Delap could prove too tempting to turn down. Son of legendary long-throw-taker Rory, Delap has been prolific all the way through City's youth ranks and bagged his first senior goal last season. The 19-year-old may have fancied his chances of seeing occasional action with no recognised strikers in City's squad, and he did manage three appearances in all competitions this season. But with Erling Haaland on the way and Julian Alvarez set to follow, opportunities could become even more limited and a loan spell may be deemed favourable for his development. A towering, athletic 6ft 1in forward, Delap burst onto the scene with 24 goals in 20 matches for the Under-23s in 2020/21. Although 'wonderkid' status may have passed him by at 25-years-old, Itakura is another peripheral City star who has reportedly perked Celtic's interest. Capable of playing in defence or midfield, the Japanese international spent last season achieving promotion with Schalke, who were understandably keen to activate his release clause. But the £6million price-tag is supposedly proving a stretch, which could open the door for Postecoglou and co to swoop in. Having been on City's books since 2019 and failed to rack up any appearances, there is unlikely to be resistance from the Etihad if Celtic meet their asking price.