As the Moon’s transit of meticulous Virgo draws to a close, you’re due to see less of a focus on tasks and initiating order, and more of a draw towards seeking balance and harmony with others. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for May 12. The Moon will continue its transit of Virgo until 7.35am BST when it enters Libra. You will be much less averse to conflict and more inclined to seek proper balance. Emotions will feel more regulated and you might feel slightly more forgiving than usual with Libra energies. Cafe Astrology said: “With the Moon in Libra, we do what we can to harmonise, although we’re more sensitive to imbalances. “We’re more likely to seek feedback or someone with whom to share ideas and feelings. We’re idealistic and considerate.”  READ MORE: Lunar soil can catalyse the production of oxygen and fuel  This type of transit is particularly powerful in broadening horizons or spurring new insight, or an additional way of seeing things, which can lead you to feel slightly more indecisive than normal. Cafe Astrology said: “The Sun is heading into alignment with the True North Node of the Moon early tomorrow, encouraging and perhaps challenging us to grow, improve, and aspire to our goals.” This alignment will further heighten the Libra need for stability and security, so decisions that promote this will likely be more of a motivator now. When the Libra Moon aligns with expansive Jupiter at 8.02am BST, Tarot.com said the day will feel more “fun and fruitful.”  It continued: “We have the ability to keep it light but also see the possibilities we might overlook when in a more somber mood.” But the Moon’s trine in intellectual Mercury can lead to clearer and well-thought-out decisions. You might feel a boost in your communications skills and you’ll feel slightly more sociable. These energies also help with perceptiveness and your ability to read people better. Astrology King said: “Your feeling, intuitive side is balanced with your rational thought processes to give acute perceptive skills.” DON'T MISS: Bad energy at home: How to cleanse your home of bad vibes [EXPLAINED]Vitamin B12 deficiency: Dr Sara on the ‘lesser-known' signs [ANALYSIS]Hayfever diet: Two foods worth eating to ease symptoms [INSIGHT]     “Socialising with friends and family is more important than usual. You can connect at a more intimate level, which bodes well for making friends and taking new relationships to the next level.” This also makes for a time for public speaking, writing, or facing deep conversations. However, as the Moon later moves to align with Venus, the “rawer side of our desires could grate against any idealism”, according to Tarot.com. Some thoughts are better left not acted on, so really consider whether the venture is worthwhile. 