Electric car sales have shot up in the last few years. In March alone, British drivers bought more electric vehicles than in all of 2019. However, many motorists may still have some doubts about making the switch to electric, instead opting for a hybrid. British drivers registered nearly 40,000 new electric vehicles in March. But, hybrid electric vehicles also grew by nearly 30 percent to some 28,000 cars, although plug-in hybrid registrations declined by around eight percent. And now, Quentin Willson, the founder of FairCharge and a former TopGear presenter, has urged drivers to ditch hybrids and make a switch to an EV. He exclusively told Express.co.uk: “Hybrid cars are not as good as an electric car. READ MORE: UK drivers can avoid paying road tax with a smart hybrid car trick “This is simply because your electric range in real-life driving is between 20-30 miles. “And the rest of the time you spend using a combustion engine. “There is that feeling that I’ve always got the engine to back me up if I ran out of electricity but in practice you don’t need that for EVs. “To be honest, the ranges of EVs are getting so good. DON'T MISSElectric car owners could be forced to pay more for charging cars [REVEAL] Giant car manufacturer backs EU’s plan to ban diesel and petrol cars [INSIGHT] UK drivers face fines and three penalty points for using TikTok hack [WARNING] “My car does 270 miles easily on one charge. If I had a hybrid I’d kind of be thinking why didn’t I go for a fully electric car.” Mr Willson added that choosing an EV over a hybrid is also a much better “financial decision”. The expert said: “The depreciation on what they call BEVs (battery electric vehicles) is absolutely almost in a negative space. “I mean I would get what I paid for my car a year ago now because they are so desirable. “That’s not the case with the hybrids.” The EV advocate continued: “They are not holding their value as long as electric cars. “I wouldn’t go for a hybrid unless you are really compromised in terms of charging and there aren’t any charges at all. “I would always go for a BEV simply because it’s a much better financial deal in terms of what it’s going to cost you to run and what the range is. “You still have to service a hybrid. It’s a halfway house. “Hybrid sales are declining. You’ll miss out and three years later you’ll kick yourself.” Mr Willson also pointed out that hybrid cars only came out because companies thought that people would not have confidence in batteries because of range anxiety. “But range anxiety is almost gone,” the expert said. He continued: “Most of these cars do a minimum of 200 miles range, lots of them do 250 and some of them will do 300. “And that’s changing all the time as well. “It’s another urban myth that you’ll run out of charge. “That’s not happening. We are not seeing those EVs lined up on the hard shoulder. “More cars ran out of petrol than EVs run out of juice. “Don’t be swayed by the nonsense and buy your battery-electric car and enjoy no servicing and being completely green with no emissions.”