Coronation Street's Audrey (played by Sue Nicholls) is an iconic and long-standing character in the ITV soap, and loyal fans will remember how her son Stephen (Todd Boyce) arrived on the cobbles in 1996 looking to form a relationship with his birth mother. Audrey was forced to give him up when he was born, but the pair went on to become close. The soap has confirmed the return of the character, who left in 2007. Although it seems he's keen to help his mother, could he actually be trying to scam her out of her money? Classic character Gail Platt (Helen Worth) is Stephen's younger half-sister. Audrey had Stephen when she was teenager and her father forced her to give him up to a childless couple. When he arrived in Weatherfield the first time, Stephen became got to know his mother as well as her children and grandchildren. Gail even sent her son Nick Tilsley (Ben Price) to live with Stephen for a while because of their strained relationship, and he found his nephew a job in Canada. READ MORE: The Handmaid’s Tale season 5 theory: Serena Joy avenges Fred’s death By 2007, Stephen had relocated to Italy, retuning to the cobbles only to visit his family at Christmas. In one of his last appearances, Audrey told Stephen his visit was "the best Christmas present I could wish for". His last mention was in 2015, when Gail went to visit him for a while. But why would he come back after 15 years? It's been reported Stephen's return will link with Audrey's spiralling drinking problem. A source said: "Stephen’s return comes amid Audrey’s frustrations that she is being viewed as an old woman by the family. "There are concerns about her welfare and her drinking and so when Stephen comes back, she finds herself comforted by his support." Speaking to Metro, they continued: "It’s the start of a big Platt story that will put Audrey at the centre of the action again – the rest of the Platts will be suspicious over Stephen and what he wants." So what could Stephen be returning for? Fans will be scratching their heads trying to work out whether or not he can be trusted. It's likely he will has planned to return to the Street under the guise of helping Audrey with her alcohol problem. Perhaps Gail had mentioned it in the past and informed him recently that their mother has become worse. DON'T MISS... ThisMorning guest breaks down over heartbreaking dognap [VIDEO]Amanda Abbington fights tears as she speaks on fiancé's stunt injury [LATEST]Keir Starmer snubs GMB reporter as viewers slam 'car crash' interview [REACTION] The Platts have been struggling in recent months to support Audrey, who believes she doesn't need any help. Because Stephen hasn't been in Weatherfield for 15 years though, it's understandable the family will be suspicious over his sudden willingness to help Audrey. Could the estranged relative of the popular family have something else on his mind? Although it seemed as though he shared a good relationship with his mother, it's possible he has always silently resented her for giving him for adoption, even though she had no choice. It could be he sees Audrey's struggles as the perfect excuse to come back and take his revenge. Knowing his mother has been concerned about getting older, he might think she will be easier to manipulate in her vulnerable state. He could be coming back with the intention of swindling her out of her money. Noticing she has been growing increasingly frustrated with Gail and her grandchildren, Sarah Plat (Tina O'Brien) and David Plat (Jack P. Shepherd), for constantly trying to tell her to accept she is getting older, Stephen could become the person she confides in. He might even encourage her to push her family away so they are less likely to notice him taking advantage of the situation. Will Stephen only be returning because he has found himself in a financially tight spot and wants revenge on his family? Audrey will be heartbroken if this is the real reason behind his come-back. However, by refusing to listen to her family and seek any help, she could make herself vulnerable to Stephen's deceit. The character isn't the only one making a return after a long absence from the soap. Coronation Street recently confirmed Spider Nugent (Martin Hancock) will be back on the cobbles soon for the first time since 2003. Coronation Street continues on Friday at 8pm on ITV.