BBC Breakfast presenters Sally Nugent and Dan Walker opened up to viewers about their colleague Deborah James' battle with terminal bowel cancer. Deborah, who presents You, Me and the Big C podcast, recently shared a heartbreaking announcement with her social media followers explaining she has moved to "hospice-at-home" care. Sally held back tears as she and Dan discussed the emotional social media post. Dan began: “One of the most-read stories on BBC News and being shared online is about Bowel Babe podcast host Deborah James. “Deborah told her Instagram fans yesterday it was a message she never wanted to write but she is now receiving hospice at-home care for bowel cancer. “She said, ‘Nobody knows how long I have left,’ adding it’s been a heartbreaking six months surrounded by love. “Huge response to that on Instagram, right across social media.” READ MORE: 'Disgusted' BBC Breakfast sparks uproar over Russian news coverage Turning to Sally, he noted: “We’ve spent quite a bit of time with her on this programme and people feel they know her really well and to hear that, even though you know she’s been ill for such a long time, and she’s spoken a lot about what will happen to her eventually, it’s that shock moment of it happening now.” Sally, who was struggling to fight back tears, added: “As she said, it’s the post she didn’t want to write.“But in her post, she talked about raising funds didn’t she and research into bowel cancer and they are currently, the fund she started, right now I can tell you is £650,000.” “It’s called the Bowel Babe Fund and she has actually updated her social media this morning and said, ‘I never in my wildest dreams thought I’d be waking up to this total 12 hours later, I’m actually crying because I know we can continue to help some very vital projects,’” Dan read out.  Later in the programme, the pair touched on Deborah’s diagnosis once again, with Dan commenting: “Now, many of you will know Deborah James. “She is the presenter of You, Me and the Big C podcast and she's been on this programme many times as well. "We have been fortunate enough to have her not only on the sofa but during the pandemic we spoke to her on numerous occasions, didn't we?" "Sadly, Deborah, who was diagnosed with bowel cancer five years ago, shared a message on her Instagram account yesterday saying she's now been moved to hospice-at-home care,” Sally added.  DON'T MISS...Sally Nugent reacts as she and Dan Walker are compared to feuding kids [LATEST]Eustice sparks uproar with BBC Breakfast viewers over cost of living [UPDATE]BBC Breakfast chaos as Dan surprises Sally with bizarre clothing [MUST SEE] Deborah's emotional tweet, which she shared on Monday evening with her 48,000 followers, read: "The tweet I never wanted to write. "The time has come to say goodbye. Five years to prepare doesn’t make it any easier. "I’m under hospice at-home care, and I’m spending my time surrounded by my family. "Please buy me a wine to see me out and raise vital funds."   Thousands of people sent touching messages to Deborah following her post, including many of her BBC colleagues and fellow presenters. Soccer Saturday broadcaster Jeff Stelling wrote: "Probably the saddest tweet I have ever read. What an amazing woman." (sic) Countdown star Susie Dent commented: "Your laughter and dancing have lit up our world Deborah. Thank you for sharing them with us." BBC Breakfast continues on weekdays on BBC One at 6am.  