Max Verstappen has revealed the three drivers who are best at bringing humour into F1. The reigning world champion's 2022 campaign has been no laughing matter so far, despite recording Grand Prix wins in both Saudi Arabia and Emilia Romagna. Those victories have been countered though by recording DNF's in Bahrain and Australia. That's amounted to a total of 59 points, having also won the solitary Sprint Race so far, leaving him 27 behind Ferrari's Charles Leclerc. The title race continues this weekend at the inaugural Miami Grand Prix in America, which will go ahead despite Florida residents launching a legal challenge to get it cancelled. Verstappen, 24, is known for his laidback persona when off the racetrack. However, his fierce temper has also been apparent this season, raging after he was forced off the track in the season opener after encountering a fuel pump problem. But he was in relaxed mode earlier this year in an interview with Sport360, which took place at Tag Heuer's flagship boutique at Dubai Mall. And when the Dutchman was asked who were the funniest drivers on the F1 circuit, he came up with three names. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton has F1 'interest' examined by former Mercedes chief amid ongoing struggles "You know, it's difficult," he responded. "Like Daniel [Ricciardo] os a very funny guy, Lando [Norris]  is a funny guy. Checo [Sergio Perez] is generally a funny guy as well you know - who you can really laugh with. A lot of drivers are like that, it just depends on what setting you put them in." Indeed, he also opened up on his relationship with teammate Perez, 32, saying: "You have to have two cars as competitive as they can be. And Checo is a great teammate and we're definitely looking forward to this year and how we can perform together." DON'T MISS:Lewis Hamilton told of 14-driver queue for his Mercedes seat by Jenson ButtonLewis Hamilton expecting huge 20 lbs weight loss over Miami Grand Prix weekendGeorge Russell told why his 'special' season is setting him apart from Lewis Hamilton Verstappen also revealed that's he's not one for downtime when not on Red Bull duty. When asked about his favourite hobby he replied "That's a funny one as it's sim racing. So still racing unfortunately." His focus this weekend will be firmly on further cutting the gap to Leclerc, with F1 fans intrigued on how the first ever Miami event will play out. Former driver Juan Pablo Montoya has suggested the weather could dictate the outcome.