As inflation sits at nine percent - a record high - savers approaching retirement are reminded to make sure their pension is topped up. Peter Komolafe, personal finance expert appeared on ITV's Lorraine this morning, suggesting that those approaching retirement should make sure their “pension is inflation proof”. He explained that the current full new state pension is £185.15 each week, however to qualify for the full state pension, people need to have made National Insurance contributions for a number of years. He said: “For those aged between 40 and 70 there is potential that if you are aware that you are not likely going to be eligible for the full state pension, then you can actually buy some National Insurance contribution years to give yourself a bit of a boost. “There are a couple of hoops to jump over. “First you need to check what your state pension forecast is, or you need to check your National Insurance record. You can go that on the gov.uk website. READ MORE: Santander is urging people to watch out after man, 80, lost £3,600 in growing scam tactic  If someone has less than 35 years, then they will receive less state pension. However people can buy extra National Insurance years to boost their state pension. The full new state pension - which is claimed by anyone who reached state pension age before April 6, 2016 - is currently worth £185.15 a week. Most people build up National Insurance credits during their working years, but if they had to take time out from their job, they may have holes in their record. These can include people choosing to become stay-at-home parents or full-time carers for loved ones. At the moment, people can buy years for any gaps in their record back to 2006. But the rules are changing from April 5, 2023. After this date, people will only be able back to go buy back six years’ worth of NI contributions. James Andrews, a senior personal finance editor at money.co.uk, outlined how much money people are at risk of losing when it comes to their state pension. Mr Andrews explained: “Retiring with missing a single missing National Insurance credit costs you a bit over £275 a year, every year of your life. “That means in the run up to state pension age it’s vital you make sure you claim every qualifying year you can. “To get the full state pension you need 35 qualifying years of National Insurance contributions, with people who have fewer than 10 years getting nothing at all. “The first thing you need to do is work out where you stand - you can do this online here with nothing more than a Government Gateway ID and your password. “Once you know where you stand, the good news is that there are several ways to boost your contributions in the run up to retirement.” Lorraine continues tomorrow on ITV at 9am.