Lewis Hamilton will start today's Monaco Grand Prix from eighth on the grid after a difficult qualifying session yesterday. The seven time world champion was struggling with his tyre temperatures, and said after qualifying that his Mercedes "felt horrendous". Asked by Sky Sports F1 how the car felt, Hamilton replied: "Horrendous. It feels pretty bad here. "Very bumpy for some reason. It's very hard for us to get below a second of the [Ferrari and Red Bull] guys, it takes a lot of risk." Having dominated in the Mercedes for years, the car is well off the pace as Ferrari and Red Bull dominate. Earlier this month, Hamilton's former teammate Nico Rosberg gave his view on why the Briton is struggling. The German said Hamilton “passionately hates” losing to teammates as George Russell sits above his compatriot in the drivers' standings. Rosberg told Sky Sports: “It’s definitely a very tough situation for Lewis. "He’s won a race in every season of his career and it looks like maybe this will be the year when he can’t win anymore. “You can see how the tension is rising and that’s natural. Lewis will obviously start to show those emotions a little bit. “Nevertheless, with the experience he has I think he will eventually manage to keep those under control. Let’s not forget also Lewis hates ending up behind his team-mate. “Even if you’re 11th or 13th he really passionately hates coming in behind his team-mate – it makes him very angry and that also happened at Imola in qualifying and the sprint race so it will put the tension up a lot, especially in the engineering room where Lewis will be pushing harder and harder. It will be interesting to watch how that unfolds.” Rosberg has also analysed Hamilton's performance during qualifying in Monaco this weekend. READ MORE: Nico Rosberg shares Lewis Hamilton's thoughts on beating Russell Comparing him to Russell, he said: “We know the Mercedes is difficult to drive but George has stuck with it and found that flow. “He is making incredible progress and is in that fight with Lando (Norris) for best of the rest after Ferrari and Red Bull.” Rosberg won the world championship in 2016, beating Hamilton to the title while they were teammates at Mercedes. Their years together saw plenty of clashes, making one the most hostile rivalries in the sport's recent history. DON'T MISS Rosberg explains Hamilton position after chat with Mercedes insiders [INSIGHT] Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg comment about Verstappen and Perez [ANALYSIS] Toto Wolff refutes Rosberg comparison on Hamilton and Russell pairing [INSIGHT] In Malaysia in 2013, for example, Rosberg was given a strict team order to stay behind Hamilton, but the German was not happy. The following year, there was the wheel-to-wheel fight in Bahrain, where it later transpired Rosberg had defied team orders to stay ahead of Hamilton. In 2015, things continued to escalate when Hamilton won the title early in the US Grand Prix – Rosberg famously threw his baseball cap in his direction while sat in the warm down room. Then, in 2016, things got even worse, most notably at the Spanish Grand Prix when the two crashed into each other on the first lap. The season finale in Abu Dhabi that year saw Hamilton controversially slow Rosberg to boost his own chances of winning the title.