Portsmouth City Council said it is not safe to hang flags from lampposts and telegraph poles for celebrating the Queen's Jubilee. The council wrote to street parties to state that hand-size bunting could be a safety hazard. One resident who is planning a street party, Albie Somerset, who is planning a street party there, said: "This is ludicrous and a crazy decision by the council.  "We filled out all the forms and jumped through all the hoops to get the road closure. "Now we've got a letter saying not to put bunting on telegraph poles. "Are they not stable enough to hold some lightweight flags?" The council warned that "no bunting is to be strung from telegraph poles". READ MORE: 'Divisive' Meghan and Harry brace for backlash from royal superfans  Bunting attached elsewhere "must be at least 5.5 metres from the ground and of an easily breakable nature". The council letter added this was to prevent accents such as, "if a fire engine comes through the bunting doesn't become a hazard". Bunting on lampposts has also been banned in Bournemouth for "safety reasons". Local from Bournemouth, Jeff Williams said: "A two-year-old child could snap bunting string. "But, will our reinforced concrete lampposts cope with it?" The Bournemouth, Christchurch and Poole Council also banned the use of bunting on lamposts. DON'T MISSMeghan's 'political gesture' analysed - 'First Lady' mannerism exposed [ANALYSIS]Sussexes' absence from Jubilee would have left 'everybody mortified' [INSIGHT]GB News host rubbishes claim Meghan Markle had to go to Texas [VIDEO]   It told party organisers: "Lamp columns must not have any items attached to them as they are not designed for this purpose." The council added: "The safety of our public during the celebration is of paramount importance." Also in Fleet, Hampshire, only a tiny amount of bunting was allowed. Councillor Steve Forster said: "It's sad but apparently the rules have changed on where it can be hung." But Hampshire County Council said: "We need to check any requests to hang bunting will not compromise people's safety. "We have not changed the rules on where bunting can be hung." 