Mrs Hinch rose to fame on social media when she started to share unusual cleaning tips and tricks. Now with more than 4.5 million Instagram followers, fans of the cleaning guru share their own tips online, including how to get rid of “musty” washing machine smells. Taking to the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Donna Bamford wrote: “I am washing as normal with all my lovely products but the washing machine smells damp and musty. Clothes are smelling of it after being washed, what can I do?” Washing machine smells can be caused by several things including mould, mildew and bacteria. If clothes, towels and bed linen come out of the machine smelling damp, it is time to tackle cleaning the actual machine. READ MORE: Inside Buckingham Palace gardens: From ice rink to flower tradition Taking to the comments, Sharon Graham said: “Add soda crystals to your machine and do a warm cycle to clean. “I also add white vinegar sometimes and a small amount of fabric conditioner to every wash.” Sue Compton said: “Get some soda crystals, they do lots of things and only 80p a bag.” Cleaning fans can pick up large bags of soda crystals in supermarkets as well as retailers like B&M. DON'T MISS:Stamp Duty reliefs to consider after homes pushed into higher bracket [COMMENT]Plastic grass ‘can cause burns’ - ‘think twice’ before installing [INSIGHT]‘Best move’ to get rid of pesky garden weeds fast [EXPLAINER] Ann Jones commented: “Put soda crystals directly in the drum of the machine, then run it on the hottest wash. “Put powder directly into the drum with your clothes and add a cup of soda crystals. “Leave the door of the machine open after the wash and wipe around the rubber to mop up excess water, works every time.” Placing soda crystals in the main drum can help to eliminate gunk and clean out any bacteria. The combination of the two can also help to get rid of stubborn limescale. Leaving the door open after use can also help to eliminate limescale and mould by allowing any moisture to escape. Stephanie Wood recommended adding a tablespoon of soda crystals to “every wash”. She wrote: “It helps to keep the washing machine clean and does not affect your clothes, it makes them soft though. “Better than fabric softener which is just grease.” Sharing advice on the same Facebook page, Mrs Hinch fans also shared methods to clean washing machine drawers. Debbie Weaver said: “I soak mine in hot soapy water.” Anne Bowman wrote: “I use hot water which is soapy.” Alison Kite commented: “I find the most effective way is to go old school and use washing up liquid in hot water. “It’s one of the most underrated ways to clean around the home, and it cleaned my vile washing machine beautifully.”