Labour Party leader Sir Keir Starmer faced a grilling from the Loose Women panel on Monday as they put the politician on the spot over ‘Beergate’. After Mr Starmer pledged to resign if he’s served a fixed penalty notice by the Durham police force, the likes of Moore and Langsford put Mr Starmer on the spot to suggest his own calls for Prime Minister Boris Johnson to step down amid ‘Partygate’ has now “come back to hit” him in the face. Numerous times in the Houses of Parliament amid Sue Grey’s investigation and several headlines surrounding ‘Partygate’, Mr Starmer called on Mr Johnson to resign as Prime Minister. “We can’t have you here without discussing ‘Beergate’ which rolls on and on alongside ‘Partygate’,” Langsford began the interview before referring to such instances. “You have called for Prime Minister Boris Johnson’s resignation many times during ‘Partygate’. “There was a poll in The Sun on Sunday yesterday in which 63 per cent of voters branded you a hypocrite, so how does that sit with you?” The Labour leader replied: “I think the big difference is that I’ve been very clear I haven’t broken the rules.” READ MORE: Richard Madeley sparks fury as he blasts ‘skiving’ civil servants He continued: “Equally, I’ve said that if the police issue me with a fixed penalty notice, I will do the right thing and I will stop down. “I put everything on the line because I think that is the right thing to do.” “That is the complete opposite of the Prime Minister -“ Mr Starmer tried to continue before Langsford cut in to remind him: “But you called for the Prime Minister’s resignation before the police investigation, weren’t you? “So before the police investigation of Boris Johnson and ‘Partygate’, you said then that he should resign, which is a similar position to what you’re in now.” Mr Starmer tried to hit back: “But by then we already knew there was industrial-scale rule-breaking in Downing Street. We’d had so many examples.” Langsford hit back to point out that ordering a curry delivery for over a dozen or so people was also not within the rules at the time. Mr Starmer continued to defend his actions as he and his team were "on the road", although Moore was quick to question where the difference lay between the Labour leader and Prime Minister in terms of their rule breaks, insisting it was for the Labour leader "to judge" whether he broke the rules or not. Moore then delivered a rather damning take on the ordeal, however: “I don’t think anybody, any member of the public, particularly worries too much if you say, ‘I was working’, or whatever. DON'T MISS:Tom Cruise 'caused absolute chaos' ahead of Jubilee celebrationsPlatinum Jubilee viewers blast ITV and beg for BBC coverageTipping Point's Ben Shephard blasts Boris in coin machine comparison “But I think the famous phrase that’s been going around about you, ‘Hoisted by your own petard’, I think because you were so noisy about ‘Partygate’ that of course, this has come back and, sort of, hit you in the face.” Mr Starmer reiterated his stance by answering: “But the two differences are… one, we were actually not doing anything wrong at all. "And when you’re on the road, every campaigning politician knows that’s what happens. "You travel with your team, you work in an office, somebody organises food for you, you get on with it and you repeat the next day. So when we’re not in parliament, that is what is happening." Moore cut in: "So you’re taking a very big political gamble here because you’ve said you will resign if they are going to fine you. "So that will make your end as Labour leader, are you worried about that?" Starmer defiantly replied: "I haven’t broken the rules and I’m sure that’s going to be the findings of this." Loose Women airs weekdays at 12:30pm on ITV.