With no end in sight, the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) under leader Xi Jinping is still doggedly pursuing its ‘Zero Covid’ strategy. But, why? After all, China could easily fake the numbers of Covid cases. The figures the CCP reported in 2020 seem dubious to say the least. There are question marks about the accuracy of everything from the size of the population to the economy in China. So, why not fake the Covid numbers now? Symbolising unprecedented opposition to the CCP’s policies, one video protesting the Shanghai lockdown – Voices of April - went viral, outpacing censors as it was re-shared millions of times on the social media site, Weibo. While China’s inadequate healthcare system and low vaccination rate have been offered as possible explanations for these draconian measures, the CCP could still fake the data and conceal the truth. Loss of face might be a better explanation. Having committed to Zero Covid, to backtrack now could create even more reputational damage for the CCP, emboldening Xi’s enemies within the party as he seeks an unprecedented third term. But given that the CCP could just lie, could it be that Beijing is actually stress-testing the Chinese people, society and economy for a major upheaval? In the shadow of a recent defence pact with the Pacific Solomon Islands and given the longstanding aim of ‘retaking’ democratic Taiwan, could China be stress-testing for war? It is in this light we may also interpret Chinese ally North Korea’s decision to order its own national lockdown after confirming its first official Covid infections. Observers believe Covid has long been present in North Korea. Now, Pyongyang has confirmed its first Covid death. It is possible that North Korea really has a serious outbreak, while its healthcare system is deemed particularly vulnerable to an outbreak. But, like China, North Korea would have no problem hiding all this if need be.  Crucially, in the event of a Chinese attack on Taiwan, North Korea could well play the role Belarus has played in Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. The CCP could coerce Pyongyang to launch attacks from its territory, possibly against nearby US targets, to ensure an element of plausible deniability. In the mix meanwhile, the election of Ferdinand (“Bongbong”) Marcos Jr – son of the former dictator - in the recent Philippines’ presidential election, could be highly significant for a Taiwan invasion. Marcos has close ties with China and is seeking a deal with Xi Jinping over the contested South China Sea. Given that the Philippines sits just south of Taiwan - and that any deal with Xi would cover an area where China has plenty of militarised artificial islands for attacking Taiwan – this election could be hugely significant. Could this just be alarmism? Perhaps not. On May 6, the Chinese People’s Liberation Army (PLA) sent 18 warplanes, including fighters and bombers, into Taiwan’s air defence zone - the second-largest incursion this year. Then on May 10, the PLA flew 100 sorties from its Liaoning aircraft carrier, stationed off Okinawa, a Japanese island near Taiwan. It is believed the PLA was testing the capability of the Liaoning. For what, one may ask. Although the CCP may have been spooked by the global response to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, China’s tightly-controlled state media keeps telling the Chinese people that Russia is both justified and victorious in Ukraine.  As such, pressure is likely to mount over Taiwan. If Russia can do what it has in Ukraine - the public may ask - then why can’t China do the same. While the CCP no doubt believes the West is unlikely to apply Russia-level sanctions to China, the fact regulators recently held a meeting with banks to discuss protecting assets could suggest an event which could trigger sanctions is in the offing (and only one event could trigger such sanctions). Ultimately, both China and North Korea could fake their Covid data. Neither would have a problem concealing the problem. So, why now would China risk economic growth, and why would both countries risk loss of face? Such questions ought to be at the forefront of the minds of policymakers. 