Former Liverpool defender Jamie Carragher had his pre-match prediction backfire after Real Madrid defeated his former team 1-0 to win the Champions League. Carragher had previously said that Carlo Ancelotti’s side will not win the Champions League, but Los Blancos claimed their 14th European Cup on Saturday after defeating Liverpool. After the full-time whistle, CBS Sports Golazo tweeted a clip of Carragher making his prediction earlier in the tournament. He said: “This Real Madrid team will not win the Champions League. Absolutely no chance of winning the Champions League.” The account then ended the clip with Marcelo lifting the Champions League trophy and playing the theme song from HBO television show Curb Your Enthusiasm. It was not just a difficult night for Carragher because he saw his former team lose in the Champions League final, his family were also tear gassed outside the Stade de France and the former defender has hit out at UEFA. After the full-time whistle, CBS Sports Golazo tweeted a clip of Carragher making his prediction earlier in the tournament.He said: “This Real Madrid team will not win the Champions League. Absolutely no chance of winning the Champions League.”The account then ended the clip with Marcelo lifting the Champions League  the theme song from HBO television show Curb Your Enthusiasm.  “Tough one to take last night but credit to Real Madrid, their name was on the cup after the CL run they’ve been on,” Carragher wrote on Twitter on Sunday morning. “@LFC have lost 4/63 this season so you can’t really ask for much more than that. Friends & family tear gassed on the way out, shocking set up @UEFA.” Liverpool left-back Andrew Robertson also hit out at the game’s organisers, as kick-off was delayed to 8.36pm BST and the Scot said a friend was not allowed into the game despite having a legitimate ticket. Real Madrid lifted the cup after Vinicius Jr scored the game’s only goal. He finished at the back post past Alisson after Federico Valverde’s cross evaded the Liverpool defence. The Reds had several chances to score themselves but Belgian goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois was in fine form between the posts for Real Madrid. Courtois was named man-of-the-match and hit back at his critics in England with a performance that saw him make nine saves. After the match, he said to BT Sport: "I saw a lot of tweets saying I would get humbled. It was the other way round. Today I needed to win a final - for my career, for all the hard work, to put respect on my name because I don’t think I have enough respect, especially in England. I saw a lot of criticism that I was not good enough or whatever. “Thank you very much. I said at the press conference yesterday that when Madrid play in finals, they win. I’m just really happy and proud of the performance of the team, and when I needed to be there I was there for the team. We have beaten the best clubs in the world, together with us. Liverpool were very strong today. I think I played a great game and that was the difference.”