A dad from Camden in London has been cashing in on his “quite unique” business idea for the last 25 years. He told Express.co.uk how he's making £300 in his spare time and having loads of fun. While a third of people are already running their own side hustles according to data from Simply Business, others would benefit from a little inspiration. When it comes to side hustles it doesn’t get much better than Dan Carrier’s idea - he’s a DJ on a bike - allowing him to take his love of music to community events, parades and festivals. Dan has been a journalist on his local paper for 20 years but come the weekend he likes to ditch his dictaphone for his mixing decks. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, he said he’s been DJing in his spare time around Camden for as long as he can remember. READ MORE: Free bus pass: 10 groups of Britons qualify for free or reduced travel “I love DJing - I could do it every weekend but my age and family sometimes get in the way," he laughed. A few years ago, Dan built a bike with a trailer so that he could have a sound system on wheels which he can easily ride to street parties. Recently he discovered Airtasker when he was looking for people to help him with specialist jobs around the home. “I had about 20 people bid on the jobs that I needed done for me,” he said. DON'T MISSRishi Sunak announces pensioners to get £300 payment [UPDATE]Rishi Sunak announcement: Full list of handouts for Britons [ALERT]What are legacy benefits? Each benefit boosted by Sunak spending [INSIGHT] “I thought ‘hang on a minute I have something that’s quite unique'. "So I decided to give it a go." Dan has had great results from the site because he says people go on there to find taskers with a particular skillset. With the Queen's Jubilee just around the corner, it could be a goldmine for others with skills to sell. The father of two is so passionate about his DJing that he would probably “do it for free” although of course the extra cash is an added bonus. He said every time the cash hits his bank account “it’s a lovely feeling” enabling him to “pedal into the sunset with a smile on his face”. It also helps keep the family happy when he can take them on nice holidays like the one they’re planning this summer to the French Riviera. While not everyone can DJ, Dan recommends Airtasker for anyone who wants to make extra money from their individual talent. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Up to £1.7billion will be spent by Britons on Platinum Jubilee weekend, hiring kids entertainers, party planners, DJs and caterers. It’s free to sign up to the platform, however Airtasker will take 20 percent for every job. Tim Fung, co-founder of Airtasker, told Express.co.uk: “The Platinum Jubilee is all about people coming together to celebrate this historic milestone. “With plenty of street parties and planned social events, London will be buzzing so this is a great chance for Brits to offer their skills and earn cash ahead of the Jubilee weekend.”