Limescale build up in toilets can look unpleasant and ugly if left to fester. Over time, toilet limescale can turn dark brown and can even have an impact on the material of the toilet bowl. A video from cleaning experts at Dri Pak, a household cleaning and laundry products company has explained how to remove toilet limescale. The video, titled “cleaning and descaling toilets”, has shared how to remove limescale from toilets without using “harsh chemicals”. The video caption reads: “Loos can be cleaned and the limescale removed without the need for harsh chemicals that can be harmful to aquatic life. “Citric acid is a natural cleaning product that removes limescale via a chemical reaction. “This reaction is speeded up when a hot solution is used.” READ MORE: When to plant out courgettes - exact time to move seeds outdoors Limescale in toilets can leave brown and yellow marks in toilet bowls. Even if toilets are cleaned regularly, limescale can make a toilet look dirty. Firstly, homeowners need to plunge their toilets with a loo brush. This will remove most of the toilet from the bowl. DON'T MISSCleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ hack to get rid of ants in homes [INSIGHT]Cleaning: How to clean washing machine drawers - 'cheap and effective’ [UPDATE]Jo Brand has 'brilliant time' at home in quiet Kent town [ANALYSIS] Next, the expert recommended putting citric acid down the toilet. The powdered acid was liberally sprinkled down the toilet bowl. Citric acid can be used to remove soap scum, hard water stains, calcium deposits, lime and rust. It can also be used to kill bacteria, mould and mildew. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Next, homeowners should add very hot water into the toilet bowl. The boiling water will help the citric acid work in the toilet bowl. The citric acid should be left for at least 10 minutes to work. After 10 minutes, brush down the bowl to remove any excess debris.  The toilet bowl should be left completely clean and free of limescale. Wilko Original Citric Acid costs £1.75. Dri-Pak Clean & natural Citric acid is also available from B&Q for £2.25. Dri-Pak Citric Acid is also available from Ocado for £2.30.