Footage of the accident showed Amy rushing into the manhole within seconds of Theo disappearing into it due to an unscrewed cover. The brave mum could be seen throwing her sweatshirt and phone to the ground before removing the cover and jumping into the drain to recover her baby boy. Discussing the impact the accident had on her, Amy told Good Morning Britain she "will never mentally recover" from nearly losing her child. She said: "We were walking, Theo was going to go to his dad's house. "We were walking from my mum's house to the car, and I was walking along the path and Theo was holding my hand at the start. "After he let go of my hand, he ran towards the drain – he just ran towards the drain – and something, my gut instinct, told me 'I need to run, I need to run.' "As I turned around, he fell through the hole and the drain had just closed completely on top of him." JUST IN: ‘Now you know how we feel!' Pelosi blasted as Turkey takes UK's side over US 'ignorance' Amy continued: "I couldn't even hear him, I didn't even know if my baby was going to be there, if he was going to be dead. "The hole was so tiny, I just jumped into the hole. He was at the bottom, standing in sewage up to his knees. "He was screaming my name, absolutely screaming my name. And I just jumped in, there were these concrete steps, I managed to get my foot on one but the hole was was so tiny I couldn't actually bend my body forward to grab him." She admitted she had "thought he was going to die" after seeing Theo disappear into the drain. Southern Water, responsible for the drain in the Tenterden area, has since apologised to Amy and her family. The company added they are taking the matter "very seriously." A Southern Water spokesperson said: “We are aware of a situation involving a child and an open manhole. DON'T MISS: Council tax rebate: Full list of councils who STILL haven't paid [UPDATE]Martin Lewis’ shares way millions of Britons can HALVE broadband bill [ALERT]Savings warning: The one action ‘guaranteed to lose you money’ [WARNING] “This is clearly an upsetting situation for those involved and our team is on-site. “A dedicated customer liaison officer has been assigned to support the family. Ms Blythe rushed the young boy to Ashford's William Harvey Hospital where he was diagnosed with a mild concussion. Writing on Facebook, Amy added: "I mentally will never ever recover from this, my baby now is screaming when leaving my side.” 