Meghan Markle has been estranged from her father, Thomas Markle, since before her 2018 royal wedding to Prince Harry. On Tuesday, the 77-year-old was admitted to hospital following a stroke. Following the news of her father's hospital admission, Meghan has been warned to "make a decision" regarding a reunion with him. Speaking on Jeremy Vine, Carole Malone discussed Mr Markle's ill health and the possibility of a family reunion for the father and daughter. Ms Malone said: "He's [Thomas Markle] had a major stroke, a big stroke. "The reports are he's in hospital and he can't speak. Host Jeremy Vine clarified: "So he had a heart attack before, and now it's a stroke". Ms Malone replied: "He can't speak, his son is with him, his daughter Samantha is flying in to be with him". READ MORE: 'Good PR for Duchess' Meghan Markle urged to make peace with ailing dad after stroke The journalist continued: "This is a big thing for Meghan, you know, she's got a decision to make here. "She's here [in the UK] for the Queen's Jubilee, and I know she doesn't speak to her father but this is the sort of time where, when this sort of thing happens, you have to make a decision about what you are going to do. Ms Malone concluded that if Meghan doesn't go and see her father, "this is the sort of thing that affects you for the rest of your life". Meghan and her father have been estranged for the past four years. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan's Netflix goal to be like Obamas 'thrown out window' Tensions mounted between Thomas and his former-actress daughter after she officially joined the Royal Family. Prior to the wedding, it was initially announced that Thomas would walk Meghan down the aisle when she married Prince Harry in 2018. Thomas was forced to pull out of attending the wedding after suffering a heart attack and had to undergo surgery. During a Channel 5 interview in 2020, Thomas admitted that he "cried a little" as he watched the wedding on TV. DON'T MISS Last month, the 77-year-old announced that he was planning to fly to the UK in June to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. He hoped that the visit would allow him to reconnect with Meghan and meet his grandchildren, Archie and Lilibet, for the first time. Speaking previously on GB News, Mr Markle said, "I should have the right to see my grandchildren".