Windows 11 users need to double-check if they've recently installed a troublesome Microsoft update that is causing laptops and apps to crash. PC owners are being warned about the KB5013943 security update, which was only released to Windows 11 devices last week. This vital, update which fixes numerous vulnerabilities, is now leading some to suffer from the dreaded Blue Screen of Death (BSoD). This pesky bug, which has cropped up numerous times in the past on Windows 10, instantly crashes PCs and causes the notorious BSoD error screen to appear. The dreaded screen shows a sad face emoji alongside the message: "Your PC ran into a problem and needs to restart. "We're just collecting some error info, and then we'll restart for you." This latest BSoD bug is also affecting Windows 10 users but the problem is more widespread for Windows 11, according to a post by Windows Latest. READ MORE: Microsoft issues critical Windows 10 warning! Your PC is at risk if you don't act now  The issue appears to be affecting users that have specific drivers installed for apps like antivirus programmes. Microsoft hasn't acknowledged the bug but Sophos said the Windows 11 update issue could lead to your PC being unbootable. The antivirus makers said: "Customers on Windows 11 running Sophos Home may encounter a BSOD/Stop error after installing Windows Update KB5013943 and restarting their machines. "The symptoms involve being unable to get to the desktop after restarting the computer/shutting down powering it back on post-installation of Windows Update KB5013943. This includes a Stop Error Index Mismatch message (Blue Screen)". In posts online Windows users have been reporting the issue, as they tried to find out if anyone else was being hit by the same error.  One posted: "Ever since updating to this build, getting BSOD 10-15 minutes into playing Hitman 3. The blue screen shows for literally 1 second, so I can’t even see what error it is showing". While others said they were getting vague error codes such as 'APC_INDEX_MISMATCH' alongside the BSoD screen. Sophos has said affected users can negate the BSoD issues by uninstalling the recent Windows 10 and 11 update. While this will help stop your PC from crashing, this means you won't benefit from the crucial security fixes the KB5013943 patch brought with it. If you do wish to uninstall the recent Windows update, you should go to the Windows Update screen in the Settings menu. After pausing updates for seven days then go to Control Panel and click on Programs and Features. You will then have to click view installed updates and then look for the KB5013943 patch and choose to uninstall it. 