A further 14 cases of monkeypox were confirmed in England yesterday, bringing the total number of cases to 71, according to health officials. Although outbreaks have historically been linked to travel from endemic regions in Western Africa, researchers still don’t know what’s driven the latest surge. A distinctive characteristic of monkeypox is a rash that appears on the soles of the hands and feet. If the breakout reaches the eyes, it could threaten sight, according to The Lancet. The World Health Organisation (WHO) website offers a detailed depiction of monkeypox symptoms, mapping out where on the body signs are most likely to occur. According to the health body, the incubation period of monkeypox ranges between zero to five days. In the initial stages, patients typically present with flu-like symptoms, making it hard to decipher from other viral illnesses. These symptoms include fever, intense headache, lymphadenopathy (swollen lymph glands), back pain, myalgia (muscle pain), and intense asthenia (lack of energy). READ MORE: Monkeypox: Two symptoms that leave you in 'little doubt' as doctor warns about UK testing There is a widely held belief among the scientific community that the skin eruption that characterises monkeypox is the most distinctive trait. In roughly 20 percent of cases, the rash spreads to the connective tissue of the eyes - known as the conjunctiva - according to the WHO. As the breakout spreads to neighbouring tissue in the body, however, further complications may occur.“Complications of monkeypox can include pneumonitis, encephalitis, sight-threatening keratitis, and secondary bacterial infections,” explains the Lancet. Keratitis from human monkeypox occurs when the rash reaches the cornea - the eye’s first layer of defence - and causes it to become inflamed. DON'T MISS: Fatty liver: The sweetener known to cause scarring of the liver [INFORMER] Dementia: If you ‘crave’ three foods you may have dementia [INSIGHT] High blood pressure: The smell 'frequently' reported among patients [INSIGHT] In the initial stages, this can cause blurry vision or heighten sensitivity to light, but symptoms can progress rapidly. Pain and redness may be key indicators of an advancing infection, and in some cases, the affected eye may swell shut. The sensation of something gritty inside the eye may cause it to burn, weep, or ooze a yellow-green fluid. Navin Khosla, Superintendent Pharmacist at FROM MARS, noted: “Although cases of monkeypox in the UK are on the rise, it’s a rare disease and most people who contract the virus usually only suffer from mild symptoms which last around two weeks. “No matter how obscure this may sound, it’s important to stay away from any dead animals you may come across, whether that’s in the street or local woodlands and stay away from animals which appear unwell.” With regards to human transmission, the advice from experts is to refrain from sharing bedding, towels or other items with individuals who are unwell. “Alongside all of these precautions, it’s important to wash your hands on a regular basis and use hand sanitiser as often as possible as well as only eating meat which has been cooked thoroughly,” added Mr Khosla. “If you believe you might have monkeypox then it’s vital you isolate and ring your GP and explain your symptoms and they will talk you through the next steps and what you need in order to prevent the virus from transmitting to other people.” The latest guidance from the UK Health Security Agency advises anyone who has unprotected direct contact with a symptomatic monkeypox sufferer to isolate themselves for 21 days and work from home. This extends to anyone who has had sexual contact or household contact with a monkeypox case. In response to the rise in caseloads, a number of European countries have reportedly stocked up on smallpox jabs, which confers protection of at least 85 percent against monkeypox. Belgium was the first country to introduce a 21-day quarantine for monkeypox yesterday.