Cleaning radiators can also help lower heating costs as the build-up of dust prevents heat from escaping. This can then make radiators work harder and it may take longer to keep a room warm. While it can take a bit of time, experts at Stelrad, have shared top tips on how to keep them looking “shiny” and “new”. The experts said: “Cleaning radiators is a task we all put off as it can be tricky to reach those difficult spots and quite frankly, it’s the last thing we want to spend our time doing. “Although your radiators may not look that dirty, an unclean radiator can circulate dust particles and toxins around the room so staying on top of your cleaning routine can make a huge difference to avoid breathing them in. “Before you do anything, it is important to ensure your radiators are turned off and allow them to fully cool down. “While waiting, set up the area by placing some old bedding or a dust sheet on the floor to minimise mess and save on clean up time.” READ MORE: I cleaned washing machine drawer with 89p product - results The experts also recommended double checking that the cleaning products you are using to clean the radiators are safe. They added: “You will want to stick with non-corrosive formulas to prevent harsh chemicals that can deteriorate the quality of the metals. “Common cleaning products like vinegar and bleach can be particularly damaging and shorten the lifespan of your radiators. “To begin, remove any accessible dust, remove any accessible dust by using your vacuum cleaner underneath, above and along the sides of the radiator. DON'T MISS:Boost your home’s value with key paint colours - be ‘wary’ of others [INSIGHT]‘Cheap and gentle’ substitutes to ‘brighten’ whites and remove stains [EXPERT]Tomatoes: How to ‘boost fruiting’ and produce ‘delicious’ fruit [EXPLAINER] “Once you’ve picked up what you can, it’s time to tackle the tricky to reach areas that you’ve been putting off. “An effective yet affordable way to get in-between the fins is to buy a radiator brush, a long and thin duster which perfectly slots in those tricky spots.” The cleaning also said using a microfibre cloth around a long pole or mop handle is also a “useful trick” if you don’t want to fork out on the radiator brush. After all the dust is cleared, it’s time to shift the last remnants. The radiator experts said: “In a bucket or large jug, mix some radiator cleaner or a natural soap with warm water and then slowly pour this from the top to flush out any dirt. “Make sure to place containers underneath to catch the water and repeat the process until the water coming out is completely clear. “Once you’re satisfied, do this once more with fresh water to rinse the radiator. “As you wait for the inside to dry, focus your efforts on the outer part of the radiator to bring back its shine and leave it looking brand new.” Attention should also be focused on the pipework, top grille and valves. Cleaning these regularly can help to give your radiator a “new lease of life”. The experts added: “Once you’re happy that your radiators are sparkly clean, wait for them to completely air dry before you turn them back on again. “This deep clean should only be required around once a year but regular cleaning is necessary to maintain cleanliness standards and stay on top of any build up.”