The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, who celebrated their 11th wedding anniversary last month, were spotted in a rare public display of affection moment during their Caribbean royal tour in March. In the clip, TikTok creator Jimmy Rex, who shares videos via his account @mrjimmyrex, captured the rare moment as he saw the couple leaving the hotel to attend an engagement. TikTok creator Jimmy was staying at the same hotel as the royal couple in the Bahamas. As the couple walk by, they can be seen smiling and waving in Jimmy's direction. The video was posted along with a description that read: "This couple staying at my hotel in the Bahamas over the weekend had 35 security guards". In the clip, Jimmy interacts with the couple by saying: "How are you doing". READ MORE: Royal dream team! FULL lineup hosting Buckingham Palace Garden Party for Queen - confirmed The guest also tells Kate that she looks "beautiful". Kate can be heard telling Jimmy to "have a good holiday" as the couple made their way through the doors. Jimmy replies: "You have a great holiday as well". Kate replies back with "Thanks". READ MORE: Princess Beatrice makes 'very special' appearance as she reads to children in sweet video The short clip went viral on social media. Public displays of affection are strictly banned for royals while on official duties and public engagements. In the video, William wore a blue suit with a dark red tie while Kate opted for a yellow floral dress. Royal fans commented on the TikTok video with @Lyndabobs saying: “Lovely to see them holding hands.” Another affectionately called them “such a sweet couple”. DON'T MISS 'Her memory is incredible' Royal chef lays bare Queen's sharp mind [INSIGHT] 'Loves it in French!' Queen sends menu back if chef makes an error [REVEAL]Platinum Jubilee: How to make your own bunting celebrate Queen [INSIGHT] One user commented that it's “so interesting to see them holding hands, I’ve never seen them doing it in the media”. The Cambridges embarked on their eight-day royal tour of the Caribbean in March. The couple were greeted with a mixed reception as some criticised the royals for Britain’s colonial past. The trip was part of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The couple also visited Belize and Jamaica whilst in the Caribbean.