Jessica Polson's son, who suffers with autism, dyspraxia, OCD and anxiety, has not been to school for four weeks. The 36-year-old claims her son's teachers at Gloucester Academy 'punish him' for displaying autistic tendencies he displays in the classroom     Now she wants to move her son, who is in year 10, to a more appropriate education setting, but has said the school has refused to release him, reports Gloucestershire Live. Jessica from Tredworth, Gloucester said: "My son has special educational needs and was diagnosed having autistic traits, dyspraxia, OCD and anxiety when he was at junior school. "He has seen the educational psychologist who has made suggestions to help my son in school but this has been ignored. Yet has been told by his pastoral worker he is not autistic. "Also he was told his handwriting is ‘atrocious’ by his teacher which was really embarrassing for him. "He has dyspraxia so his handwriting will not be as good as others."  One of the autistic traits the student displays is making noises when overwhelmed. However, it is claimed the teachers have deemed this as naughty behaviour. Miss Polson said: "He can not help making noises. He does it when he is not coping or overwhelmed. "A suggestion made by the educational psychologist was for him to have a card so he can put it on the table to let them know he is struggling when he needs five minutes to collect himself. It was taken away. "So when he makes noises in class when not coping they have said he is not behaving. Then he is sent to isolation. "My son is really withdrawn and very down. We asked for work to be sent home but nothing has been sent."    Miss Polson worries for the future of her son. She would like him to get an education where his needs are taken into consideration. She said: "He is meant to have an Educational Health Care Plan but they do not fill in the paperwork for it. "There is a perfect place for him to go and get the education he needs but they will not let him go. "He may not be at GCSE standard but there are other options where he can still achieve maths and English qualifications and look at apprenticeships, but the school will not release him. "We are in the fourth week of him being at home. He cries at the thought of having to go back there. "We tried to make it work at the school because he made friends and it is important to have friends which he struggled to make in the past. "Now he does not want to go back because of what the teachers say. He feels bullied and embarrassed and I do not know what to do." Gloucester Academy is governed by the Greenshaw Trust. The trust told Gloucestershire Live it does not comment on individual cases. Will Smith, CEO of the Greenshaw Learning Trust, said: "We are committed to providing a supportive and inclusive learning environment to enable every young person to fulfil their potential at Gloucester Academy. "We believe there is no ceiling on what young people can achieve, regardless of their need, circumstance or background."