Britons desperate for warmer weather won’t have to wait long, as the mercury is due to creep up over the coming days. Plumes of balmy air from Europe are expected to sweep Britain, leaving London and other parts of the UK basking in the hottest temperatures of the year so far. Although the more northern regions are predicted to see fresh winds bringing bands of rain in places over the next week, the Met Office predicts conditions will be mainly dry with variable cloud and sunny spells in most areas. However, as the week continues and the continent heats up, meteorologist at British Weather Services Jim Dale said the southeast of England is due get warmer next week. Mr Dale told Express.co.uk: “We get a frontal system that comes in around Tuesday to Wednesday. It rides up over the north, giving them some rain, but underneath that, you've got a warm plume moving up from France and Spain.” So, when is this warm plume due to sweep Britain? READ MORE: UK storm forecast: Mini-heatwave this week to spark lightning storm   The mercury is due to creep above the highs of 23C seen over the Easter bank holiday weekend to around 25C on Wednesday, May 11. Mr Dale said: “When we get to Wednesday, [we could see] 25 degrees in London. It continues into the following days.” Southeast England, including London, northwest Kent, and East Anglia are due to enjoy the heights of the conditions, with temperatures ranging from 23C-25C on Wednesday and Thursday.  Mr Dale said the “drag of warm air” coming off the continent from countries such as Belgium, Holland and France will bring high pressure which will leave conditions “starting to feel a bit more summerlike” as May gets underway. Despite the highs in the south, the northern regions of the UK aren’t predicted to be as lucky. Cool air pushing north is expected to keep temperatures much lower at around 8C to 9C in some areas in Scotland. Scattered showers and clouds will be present in the more northern parts of England, Northern Ireland, and Scotland as the week continues. DON'T MISS: Lawn care: Can you kill weeds using baking soda? [EXPLAINED]Brighton beach named best UK seaside destination for sunsets [ANALYSIS]Wish you weren’t here! - the UK beach resort branded ‘no go zone’ [INSIGHT]    Mr Dale said: “Over the next two weeks, the northwest will be the cooler. It is definitely a broadly northwest-southeast split for the next fortnight. “Most of the rainfall will be in northwest Scotland, Northern Ireland, and a bit in north-west England while the relative drought in the south will more or less continue.” Conditions are due to cool off before rising again the following week - and it doesn’t appear to end here. In a three-month forecast, the Met Office has predicted the UK will see “warmer than average” temperatures, with "chances of a heatwave higher than usual".  The May, June, and July outlook predicts a 40 percent chance the season will be hot, which is two times more than normal chance. It predicts there to be a 50 percent chance the season will be near average, which is 0.8 times lower than normal. It predicts a 10 percent chance of the season being cool, and a 15 percent chance the season will be wet. The Met Office said: “Whilst this doesn’t necessarily mean heatwaves will occur, it does increase the likelihood of heatwaves compared to normal, particularly in June and July. “Even with a slight reduction in the chance of a wet period, spells of wetter weather are likely bringing heavy showers or thunderstorms at times.” 