A troubled Ben (played by Max Bowden) began to prowl the streets looking for people he believes to be homophobic recently in EastEnders. The BBC soap's hard man has taken to the practice as a form of protecting himself and Callum (Tony Clay). However, as official spoilers reveal Callum will find out his husband's deadly secret soon, it's possible he could lose his job as a police officer if he tries to protect Ben. Could the believed couple break up? In upcoming episodes, Ben is unimpressed about Callum's police poster being up for all to see. His concerns are worsened when he later notices the poster has been vandalised. Meanwhile, Jay Brown (Jamie Borthwick) talks to Callum and almost tells him about Ben's vigilante actions. A furious Ben goes out looking for revenge over the poster, eager to take action. When Callum suggests he and Ben spend some time together to mark their first wedding anniversary, Ben avoids him, unable to get the poster out of his mind. READ MORE: 'It was a big risk' Steph McGovern opens up on viewing figures He later spots a man named Rich laughing at Callum's defaced image and as Ben reacts, the situation gets heated. Newbie Lewis (Aidan O’Callaghan) intervenes and calms Ben down, inviting him for a drink at The Albert. Elsewhere, Callum confides in Mick Carter (Danny Dyer) about his issues with Ben, but Zack Hudson (James Farrar) arrives and cheers him up by helping him to get a good deal on Sharon Watts' (Letitia Dean) old flat. A thrilled Callum shares the good news with Billy Mitchell (Perry Fenwick) and Lexi Pearce (Isabella Brown) as he shares his hopes that it could be a new start. However, Ben becomes enraged once again when Rich arrives and causes more trouble. He leaves The Albert and later believes he has spotted Rich once again and launches a violent attack. However, he soon realises he has assaulted the wrong person. The next day, he becomes uncomfortable when Jack Branning (Scott Maslen) questions him about what had happened the night before. Jay watches on and deduces that Ben has struck again, and later forces him to admit he is responsible. He attempts to make Ben see sense about what he's doing, but he stands by his actions. DON'T MISS... Holly Willoughby skewers hunter's defence of killing elephant [LATEST]Meghan Markle ‘reinforced’ rift between William and Harry [INTERVIEW]Starmer's anti-fraud plan slammed by GMB's Reid 'Not sustainable!' [VIDEO] Later in Walford East, Ben and Callum celebrate their anniversary and things look up for the couple when Ben agrees to the idea of moving into the flat. However, as they go to share the good news with Kathy Beale (Gillian Taylforth), Ben’s face drops to find Jay there, who has told her everything. Kathy and Callum fume at Ben as he tries to defend his actions and shows no remorse for what he's done. Kathy tries to support Callum but how will he react to the dark secret? As a police officer who has been investigating the attacks, he will be left very torn. Meanwhile, Lewis and Ben get drunk at Ruby’s and he comes clean about everything. Will Callum decide to keep quiet? If so, it's possible news may get back to fellow officer Jack that Callum was aware. This might cause him to possibly lose his job, which will leave him devastated. Unable to accept Ben's actions, will Callum break up with him for good? As Ben turns to Lewis, he may push Callum further away, causing him to become more fed up with his actions. Will the favourite couple's marriage come to an end after just a year? It seems Ben's latest situation may prove to be too much for Callum. A dedicated officer, his reputation would be ruined by Ben if people found out, let alone if they realise he knew what was going on. With more trauma on the horizon for Ben, will his marriage breakup kick-start a nightmare situation for him? EastEnders continues on Wednesday at 7.30pm on BBC One.