Alberto Alvares, Michael Jackson's former bodyguard, was seen cycling with Prince Harry earlier this week. Prince Harry was riding an electric bike near his home in Montecito, California. Mr Alvares, 45, has worked alongside many high-profile names and was with Michael Jackson the night he died in 2009. Speaking about the appointment, a source said: "Alberto has worked with the biggest celebrities so knows every trick in the book of keeping them out of harm’s way. "He is discreet and was extremely loyal to Michael." Speaking to the Sun, they added: "He and Harry seem like a good match and Harry hopes he’s the man to look after him and his family." Prince Harry's security has been in the spotlight over the past few months after the royal said he was unable to return to the UK as a result of a lack of police protection. The 39-year-old applied for a judicial review of a Home Office decision not to allow him to pay for his own police protection while he and his family are in the country. A legal representative for the Prince said that he and his family are "unable to return home" as a result of Harry's "inherited security risk". The 37-year-old royal applied for police protection in January 2020 when he visited the UK, offering to pay for it personally, but said the offer was "dismissed". He wanted to pay for his own protection so as "not to impose on the British taxpayer." READ MORE: Harry's 'protection' remark mocked According to Forbes, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's annual security bill in the US is likely to cost $2 to $3 million. In a statement about Prince Harry's request for police protection in the UK, his lawyer said: "Prince Harry inherited a security risk at birth, for life. "He remains sixth in line to the throne, served two tours of combat duty in Afghanistan, and in recent years his family has been subjected to well-documented neo-Nazi and extremist threats. "While his role within the Institution has changed, his profile as a member of the Royal Family has not. DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle’s father rushed to hospital following fears of 'stroke' [REPORT] Samantha Markle claims father 'tortured' by Meghan's 'disregard' [REACTION] Royal: Sussexes' balcony moment 'blocked by Charles and William' [REVEAL] "Nor has the threat to him and his family." He added: "The Duke and Duchess of Sussex personally fund a private security team for their family, yet that security cannot replicate the necessary police protection needed whilst in the UK. "In the absence of such protection, Prince Harry and his family are unable to return to his home. "The Duke first offered to pay personally for UK police protection for himself and his family in January of 2020 at Sandringham. "That offer was dismissed. "He remains willing to cover the cost of security, as not to impose on the British taxpayer." But despite the row, Harry and Meghan returned to the UK in May to pay a visit to the Queen at Windsor Castle. They are also planning to attend the Queen's Jubilee in June.