The royals have many strict rules to follow while performing their public duties including not engaging in public displays of affection, even holding hands can be seen as too familiar, the royals have to accept the gifts they are given by fans, and not discuss politics. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge broke another rule while meeting members of the public during an engagement in Glasgow during a trip highlighting mental health for Mental Health Awareness Week.  The royal couple were greeted by excited fans when they arrived at the Wheatley Group and the pair decided to stop and take a selfie with a lucky fan. The woman was thrilled by the encounter that saw her hold out her phone and have the couple stand behind her beaming at the camera. Prince William even decided to lightly place his arm around the woman’s shoulder for the snap.  The royals usually talk to fans and gradually move down the line, declining pictures with their well-wishers while attending to their official duties. The Queen revealed that she found people trying to take selfies with her “disconcerting” and “strange”. It was implied that the Monarch found it the height of bad manners to be looking at a screen while she was making a public appearance. READ MORE:Ukraine: Putin humiliated as satellite pics show tanks wiped out US ambassador Matthew Barzun told Tatler: “She was essentially saying: ‘I miss eye contact’.” Prince Harry had also previously expressed his distaste for selfies after a fan wanted a selfie as the royal visited the Australian War Memorial in Canberra, Australia. The prince said: “No, I hate selfies. Seriously, you need to get out of it [the habit], I know you’re young, selfies are bad. “Just take a normal photograph!” DON'T MISS: Royal POLL: Would you accept King Charles as regent this year? (POLL)The Last Kingdom's Eliza Butterworth won’t return as Aelswith in movie (REVEAL)Strictly’s Katya Jones supports Adam Peaty after ‘devastating’ news (INSIGHT)  As the Duke and Duchess visited Scotland to spread awareness for mental health and to attend engagements that are focused on important causes to the couple, royal fans took to social media to share their thoughts. Instagram user @auntlizability commented under a post by the royal couple: “So happy to see William and Catherine out and about supporting the Queen. They look so happy and mental wellbeing is so important.” Another added: “Wonderful couple” with others saying Princess Diana would be proud of the couple and many fans expressing their excitement to see the couple at the Platinum Jubilee next month. 