Mel Gibson, 66, arrived in Glasgow on Friday for the first time in more than two decades to attend a prestigious event. The Hollywood actor looked unrecognisable as he showed off his bulging biceps in a local gym. Mel showed off his sensationally ripped physique and bulging biceps as he posed for a picture with two fans. The actor was spotted in a Glasgow gym wearing a black tank top showing off his giant biceps. He wore black tracksuit bottoms and a black cap as he posed alongside the owner of the gym and a personal trainer. Mel went for the rugged look with his silver locked beard and messy hair, but this didn't stop fans complimenting the actor's new look. READ MORE: John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning Everyday Athlete Gym posted the picture in view of their 12,000 Instagram followers. They captioned the snap: "It was great to have the one and only 'Mel Gibson' come and train @everydayathletegym today. "Alba gu Bra! #melgibson #madmax #martinriggs #braveheart." Social media users rushed to the comments to share their excitement over Mel's visit and unbelievably ripped physique. Squirrelsallday said: "WHAAAAAAT!!!!! THAT IS INSANE!" Mag_ig_mpc added: "WOW! Did he do some burpees?" Peaker.nillan.love.baking commented: "So cool! Mel is such a cool dude." The Braveheart star is in Glasgow for An Experience With at Glasgow's Doubletree Hilton Hotel. DON'T MISS... Kay Burley sparks concern as she wears trainers live on Sky News [COMMENT] Denise Welch, 64, sparks frenzy in sizzling orange bikini [PICS] Johnny Depp stuns fans with surprise UK performance [INSIGHT] The concept is that audience members can pay upwards of £100 a ticket, plus £300 to get a picture with the Hollywood star. He took to the stage yesterday for the event where he was also interviewed on stage while fans watched from the audience. Organisers also promised Mel would share untold stories as part of the all-access show. Mel previously did an event with the company in London, while other A-listers such as Sylvester Stallone, Al Pacino and Arnold Schwarzenegger have also taken part. The film icon admitted he has not been back to Glasgow since the premiere of the historical drama Braveheart, which he directed and starred in. Braveheart grossed more than £200million at the box office and won five Academy Awards, including Best Director, Best Cinematography and Best Picture. Previously speaking to the MailOnline about the possibility of his return to Glasgow he said: "I haven't gone back since because I'm afraid. "I'd never get sober for one thing, and to have to run around in a dress... it's cold up there!" Mel has opened up in the past about his battle with alcoholism throughout his adult life, with the actor now turning to working out.