The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are facing a dilemma when it comes to marking the first birthday of Lilibet 'Lili' Diana. The important milestone will fall on June 4, when Platinum Jubilee events will be in full swing. While this will give the chance to the Sussexes to celebrate the birthday with members of the Royal Family in attendance, a source claimed it poses a diary issue, with so many official Jubilee events already scheduled for the day. They told The Sun: "Harry and Meghan will want to celebrate Lilibet's birthday somehow with their family. "But diaries are full on Saturday. "There isn't much wriggle room to fit in a birthday party for a one-year-old." The two main events on the day are the Epsom Derby, one of the five British classics flat races. The Queen won't have horses competing this year, but she is still expected to head to Surrey due to her love for horseracing. In the evening, younger members of the Royal Family will head to Buckingham Palace for a televised concert. Among the artists announced, the public can expect to see Diana Ross, Queen + Adam Lambert, Duran Duran, Alicia Keys, Hans Zimmer, Nile Rogers and Eurovision runner-up Sam Ryder. READ MORE: Anti-Queen posters appear in nine cities days before Jubilee While the Queen is unlikely to attend this event, Prince Charles will reportedly take the centre stage and deliver a speech in honour of his mother and her reign. While there could be a diary clash when it comes to the birthday, the Queen's enthusiasm at the prospect of seeing her two great-grandchildren in person is surely running high. The monarch is reportedly "looking forward" to meeting Lili and seeing Archie again. Lili was born on June 4 last year at a Santa Barbara hospital and is not believed to have ever left the States. Her parents have guarded her privacy and have so far only released one picture of the tot. Lili was pictured being held by her doting mother and looked at adoringly by her brother and father last summer. This snap was published in December by the Sussexes as their Christmas card. Archie, on the other hand, has lived in the UK for six months prior to relocating across the pond. The now three-year-old boy was born on May 6 at a London hospital. He was introduced to the Queen and Prince Philip two days later at Windsor Castle, shortly after the Sussexes had held a photocall to show their child to the public for the first time. Archie, who even took part in the South Africa royal tour of the Duke and Duchess in September 2019, was taken to Canada by his parents two months later, where they spent their announced six-month break from royal duties. While Meghan and Harry returned to the UK on two occasions in early 2020, the tot remained in Canada and crossed the border to enter the US in late March, just days before the Sussexes officially bowed out of their full-time roles in the Firm. The Queen is known to have remained in touch via video calls with Archie over the past months. During an interview with James Corden in February last year, Harry also revealed the monarch had sent a waffle maker as a present for her eighth great-grandchild after learning he wanted one. While it isn't known how many events Meghan and Harry will attend alongside Kate and Prince William, this trip will also provide the opportunity for Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis to get to know their US-based cousins. So far, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are expected to attend the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's on June 3, one of the events open to the whole Royal Family.