Indian singer and rapper, Sidhu Moose Wala, 28, has died according to Indian media and a statement from the Indian National Congress. The musician, also known as Shubhdeep Singh Sidhu, is thought to have been shot in the Mansa district of Punjab. The Indian Express reports that he was shot near a temple in the Jawahar Ke village and was pronounced dead in hospital. As well as a career in music, Sidhu also stood for election as an Indian National Congress candidate last year. The aforementioned publication reports that Mr Wala’s death comes after his security was removed. It states that he was among “Punjab politicians who lost their security cover as part of the Bhagwant Mann government’s exercise to crack down on VIP culture”. READ MORE:Monty Don details difficult time after he and wife 'lost everything'  A statement shared from the official Twitter account for the Congress Party confirmed the news. It read: "The murder of Shri Sidhu Moose Wala, Congress candidate from Punjab and a talented musician, has come as a terrible shock to the Congress party and the entire nation. "Our deepest condolences to his family, fans and friends. "We stand united and undeterred, at this time of extreme grief." (sic)  Congress leader, Rahul Gandhi, also tweeted: “Deeply shocked and saddened by the murder of promising Congress leader and talented artist, Sidhu Moosewala. “My heartfelt condolences to his loved ones and fans from across the world.” (sic) Mr Wala’s songs include Never Fold, The Last Ride and Everybody Hurts. His track, 47, was ranked on the UK Singles Chart in 2019. DON'T MISSHelen Mirren, 76, unrecognisable in heavy makeup and hair extensions[PICTURES]Tom Hanks' feud with Ricky Gervais laid bare: 'He's on his high horse'[INSIGHT]Eamonn Holmes set to undergo surgery as host unable to walk his dog[LATEST]   10 of his singles have also made it onto the UK Asian chart. In 2020, he was named as one of The Guardian’s top 50 up-and-coming artists. He has also collaborated with British artists Mist, Stefflon Don and Steel Banglez. In September, Mr Wala became the first Indian singer to perform at Wireless Festival in London.