The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have been married for 11 years, and together they have three children; Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. According to Tina Wilson, Relationship Expert and Wingman Founder, Kate Middleton and Prince William’s marriage is so strong and successful because it is built on a foundation of friendship and had the initial “approval from family members”. Looking back at the royal couple’s engagement interview, the expert explained: “It has been 12 years since the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, William and Kate, announced their engagement. “Announcing your engagement into the most famous family in the world is a daunting prospect for anyone but over the years Kate has carved her own role and is definitely part of the family. “Naturally, William has had a lifetime of practice and is comfortable in front of the camera which Kate has had to adapt and grow into overtime. “Kate appeared nervous during their engagement interview and had anxious energy which is completely understandable given the situation. READ MORE: Meghan had 'astonishing' feud at 'first party' she attended at Palace “Her nerves show mainly in lots of her answers as she was a little muddled but William was attentive in helping her steer the conversation and clarifying her points. “This is the sign of a supportive and loving partner,” Tina added. “Kate looked relieved William stepped in to ‘rescue her’ - her body language changed positively after each question. You could almost feel her nerves. “This is a world away from Kate’s public persona/image now. DON'T MISS...Camilla's green tartan outfit gives nod to future role [PICTURES]Prince Andrew set to lose out to William and Kate [INSIDER]'Workaholic' Prince Charles could refuse 'delegating' to William [COMMENT] “Her nerves show mainly in lots of her answers as she was a little muddled but William was attentive in helping her steer the conversation and clarifying her points. “This is the sign of a supportive and loving partner,” Tina added. “Kate looked relieved William stepped in to ‘rescue her’ - her body language changed positively after each question. You could almost feel her nerves. “This is a world away from Kate’s public persona/image now. “She is much more confident and is a natural in her role. “Catherine is an example as to how to conduct yourself as a Royal and her confidence has grown exponentially even though she struggled with some aspects of the royal way of life,” she continued. “As a couple, they support one another but allow the other room to grow on their own and explore different paths. “Even though their lives are nothing like normal couples they made many gestures to doing everyday activities that most couples can relate to. “They both shared antidotes from their dating history but they were still guarded in keeping a number of details a secret, giving just enough away to appease the public. “To work around this in their favour William Kept the conversation lighthearted and threw in some banter. It is evidently very important for them to retain their privacy,” Tina said. “There is genuine love, respect and adoration between the couple. “They both giggled, poked fun and touched each other affectionately on occasions throughout the duration of the TV announcement. “William in particular looked relaxed and content - he used the pillow to sit back on and his body was slightly turned to Kate whereas Kate retained a more formal but friendly pose - probably as she was conscious to fit into her 'new role' as a royal. “Finally, they both talked about the importance of friendship and how it is the foundation to the success of their relationship,” she added. “This reassures the public in William’s decision which is intentional on his part. “Having the approval from family members was also mentioned,” Tina concluded.