Everton forward Richarlison wasted no time in poking fun at Liverpool after their Champions League final defeat at the hands of Real Madrid on Saturday evening. The Reds dominated proceedings for large parts of the match but failed to make the most of their first-half advantage and were eventually undone by Vinicius Junior's match-winning goal shortly after half-time in Paris. Liverpool's players were understandably devastated after the full-time whistle at the Stade de France but Richarlison showed no mercy as he posted a mock-up of him behind the wheel of a bus to his Twitter account in the immediate aftermath of the match. The photo appeared to be in reference to a pre-match rumour on social media claiming that a group of Everton fans had created a fake travel company to trick Liverpool fans into booking a coach that never showed up to take them to Paris earlier this week. Richarlison's post went down well with many Evertonians but sparked angry reactions from a number of Liverpool supporters, who were still reeling from the result at the end of the match in the French capital. The Reds huffed and puffed over the course of the 90 minutes but were ultimately forced to leave empty-handed in spite of their best efforts, with Real Madrid holding on to clinch an unprecedented 14th continental triumph at their expense. The outcome in Paris saw Liverpool miss out on a seventh Champions League title just days after they were denied the honours in the Premier League, with Manchester City having sealed this year's trophy with a final-day comeback win over Aston Villa last week. Jurgen Klopp's side managed to end the campaign with two trophies under their belts, though, after winning the Carabao Cup and the FA Cup earlier this season. JUST IN: Piers Morgan slams French police for ‘tear gassing’ Liverpool fans Real Madrid had Thibaut Courtois to thank for his impressive showing over the end of the match in Paris, with the former Chelsea goalkeeper having produced a man-of-the-match performance to keep Liverpool at bay from the very first whistle to the last. Reds legend Steven Gerrard was quick to insist that his former club will bounce back with a vengeance at the next available opportunity, though, as he ran the rule over Jurgen Klopp's side in his role as a pundit on BT Sport. "It’s a head-scratcher," said Gerrard. "I don’t think Liverpool did too much wrong, okay, they weren’t clinical and ruthless to take those chances, but a keeper just got man-of-the-match against them in a final. "Make no mistake, they will bounce back. You have those experiences to learn from. This game is either the best night of your life or one of the worst. They will dust themselves down and go for it all again next year. "Real Madrid put in a defensive masterclass, their defence across the pitch was magnificent. Over the 90 minutes they were blocking, defending one-on-one and positionally they defended ever so well." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here