Melanie Brown, better known as Mel B, learnt of the Duke of Cambridge’s surprise request when she met him at Buckingham Palace last week. Mel B was at the Palace to receive an MBE for her work for charitable causes and vulnerable women.  She spoke on ITV’s Good Morning Britain to talk about what the pair had discussed. The former pop sensation told presenters Ben Sheppard and Kate Garraway that the experience was “lovely” because she was able to take her Mum with her. She said: “It was lovely actually because I took my mum with me. “You know how grandma, mum is, she’s a bag of nerves.  “So it was really kind of nice to take my nerves off me and put them on her. “She was kind of y’know, very proud, my dad would’ve been very proud too and it was just a very lovely day. “We had a really good catch up and a really good chat and I was just like erm, you’ve got lots of people waiting and he just carried on talking. He’s so lovely.” Kate Galloway then quickly interjected to ask more directly: “Was he trying to get you into performing for the Jubilee READ MORE: Kate and William to attend Top Gun: Maverick premiere  Mel B responded: “We did mention a bit of that! I’m not going to tell you everything! “But he did say like, ‘are you girls going to be performing again anytime soon? And I’m like, well, I am trying! “I would have loved to perform on the Jubilee but things didn’t quite work out. But we’ll be there.” Ben Shephard then asked: “But if you can get a royal warrant on this, if William’s up for it now, then that’s surely got to twist the arms of some of the girls that maybe aren’t so keen.” DON'T MISS: Queen all smiles as she rolls into Royal Windsor Horse Show [REVEAL] Meghan and Harry face £130k bill to liquidate charitable foundation [INSIGHT] Kate had royal ‘wedding day stomach worry’ but no 'last-minute panics' [SPOTLIGHT]   To which the singer replied: “It’ll just be me!” Upon receiving her honour, the singer told the PA news agency: “I never thought I would be here getting this MBE for the work I've been doing. It's amazing to have but it's not just for me - it's for all those other women.” 