Flight attendant Shannon Hill shared her top tips to avoid feeling jet-lagged after a long flight as well as the best ways to cope with it. Shannon said: "Never, ever think about what time it is back home or at your last destination. It is only ever the time where you are! "The more you think about what time it is elsewhere the more difficult it will be for your body to psychologically and physically adjust to the time where you are. "If you need to, switch your watch and the clock on your phone and laptop right after take off so you don’t fall into the trap of comparing time zones." The crew member advised against "sleeping the day away" but recommended taking a quick power nap after the flight. READ MORE: Spain all-inclusive alcohol ban - full list of affected areas For those who have difficulty falling asleep after a flight, she recommended "wearing sunglasses on the bus ride, closing your curtains and turning off all the lights in your room right away, shutting off your phone and the TV, and eating a light snack or meal high in carbohydrates to help your body get in the mood". The flight attendant also recommended practising some exercise after the flight as well as "getting some sunlight". "It might feel like the last thing you want to do, but it can also help your body adjust to time zone changes. "Anecdotally, this is one of my favourite, time-proven ways to cope with jet lag.  "A quick workout after my flight (or post-flight power nap) or early morning exercise the next day seems to work the best for me but getting your body moving at any point is one of the surest ways to feel like yourself again." She continued: "The main clock that regulates your body’s circadian rhythm is kept just behind your eyes. It’s located there in part because your brain uses light to help synchronize itself to the world, which means you need as much light as possible when you’re supposed to be awake and as little as possible when you’re supposed to be asleep. "I like to head outside and walk around or go for a long outdoor run to get some sunshine and help my body adjust, and I try and turn off the TV and all my electronic devices well ahead of the time I’d like to be asleep by." Managing Director of eurochange, Charles Stewart, also recommended getting sunlight to avoid jet-lag fatigue. He explained it is important "to increase your light exposure before you head to bed, such as by going for an evening walk, as it will help your body to naturally adjust”. Shannon said staying hydrated and avoiding drinking alcohol and caffeine is essential to avoid jet lag. The flight attendant said: "Drink plenty of water before, during, and after your flight to keep yourself in top form and help your body cope. "The general rule of thumb is to drink eight ounces of water for every hour you’re in the air plus extra if you’re drinking something dehydrating like coffee." Travel expert Charles Stewart added: “It could be tempting to enjoy a tipple on your flight, to get you excited for your holiday or to aid you to doze off on your journey. "Or you might think that drinking copious amounts of coffee in an attempt to stay awake for the entire duration of your flight is a good idea. "But, the reality is that by fuelling your body with caffeine or alcohol, it’s only going to disrupt your body’s ability to function correctly and you’ll feel the effects of jet lag even more.”