Android and iPhone users worried about the cost of living crisis need to know about a number of apps that can help them through this stressful time. While Fortnite or Netflix may be the go-to apps on your mobile or tablet, there are a whole host of other free downloads on both the Play Store and the Apple App Store that - due to current circumstances - you may end up turning to even more. These applications will help you save money by offering ways to track your spending, earn cashback, find the cheapest prices for petrol in your area and chart how much energy you use. If you're on the lookout for Android or iOS apps that can help you with the cost of living crisis then Express.co.uk has rounded up some programmes that may help you... The Emma app is a free-to-download personal financing app whose makers say it can save users up to £600 a year. The main selling point of the Emma app is the way it helps users track their spending and set budgets. This can be done on a monthly basis or from payday to payday. The Emma app can also be linked to a whole host of accounts, such as your banking and investments, so you can track all of your ingoings and outgoings in one place. This is all protected by bank-grade encryption to make sure your data is secure. Plus, as an added bonus the Emma app also offers ways users can earn cashback, helping you get more money into your back pocket. DOWNLOAD FOR IPHONE - DOWNLOAD FOR ANDROID  The raising of the Ofgem energy cap and the spiralling costs of energy and gas bills is a huge concern for many Britons. News reports have already highlighted people in the UK who are having to choose between turning on their heating or having a meal for the day, or others that are simply left too terrified at the thought of how much turning on their heating will cost and are just doing without. This week new measures have been announced that will help with the cost of living crisis, but you may already be thinking ahead and looking at ways you can cut back on your bills. There are apps you can turn to on both the Apple App Store and Google Play Store which will help you chart your energy use and see how much money you've spent ahead of your bills coming in. The Meter Readings app that is available on Apple's App Store is one such option, which lets you closely monitor your household energy and water use and save money. If you're on Android, an alternative option is the Meters reading for water, gas or electricity app which offers similar functionality. DOWNLOAD FOR IPHONE - DOWNLOAD FOR ANDROID  Petrol prices are another expense that is costing Britons more this year, with prices spiralling. For anyone that uses their car regularly, such as for their commute into work, the amount they pay for their fuel can place a big burden on their regular outgoings. If you want to make sure you pay the cheapest amount possible for petrol then you should download the petrolprices.com app. This is the official app for the petrolprices.com website which says it offers users an average saving of £200 a year. The app and website show you prices for petrol and diesel in your local area and beyond. With prices so high at the moment and prices varying between locations, heading to somewhere that isn't your usual station could help you save big. Just bear in mind that price data on the petrolprices.com website and app can be out-of-date. When prices were last updated is shown though so keep a close eye on that before heading out so you don't get a surprise when you arrive at the pump. DOWNLOAD FOR IPHONE - DOWNLOAD FOR ANDROID  TopCashback is a website that lets you earn cashback when you purchase items from thousands of online stores. While this may not sound like something you're interested in - especially if you're cutting back on your spending for non-essentials, there is a way TopCashback can help you out on other things. TopCashback offers cashback on a range of essentials such as grocery shops from supermarkets like ASDA and Sainsbury's and also helps you earn cashback when you sign up for utilities. Any cashback you earn gets deposited into your TopCashback account and then you can withdraw this by moving the funds to your bank account via a BACS transfer, by topping up a gift card or sending the money to your PayPal account. TopCashback also has been known to offer bonus cashback, with the site earlier this month offering a bonus £2 cashback on purchases of £5 or more. This can come in handy as you can earn cashback when you purchase gift cards, including those used at ASDA. These limited-time promotional offers that appear can help you save a little bit extra on your supermarket shop. If you're not already a member you can sign-up as a new TopCashback member by clicking here.  You can then download the official TopCashback app for your iOS or Android device to help you earn money back into your pocket. To earn cashback, you will need to head to the TopCashback website and search the site for the online website you want to shop with. Head to that store's hub page on the TopCashback website and then see what products are eligible for cashback. Depending on which retailer you're thinking of buying from, TopCashback could offer cashback rates on a limited amount of product lines or on virtually all of them. Or, in the case of supermarkets you may have to spend a set amount to earn cashback or be a new customer. So make sure you double-check the Ts and Cs to be sure you're eligible for cashback. Once you've confirmed that you can earn money back on the product or products you're looking to buy, then click the relevant Get Cashback button shown on the store's hub page. You will be directed to the retailer's online shop. Make your purchase and then your TopCashback account will be credited with the amount of money you've earned back. DOWNLOAD FOR IPHONE - DOWNLOAD FOR ANDROID 