Transport Secretary Grant Shapps claimed in February that Inverness Airport “failed to comply” with regulations banning Russian flights in response to its military activity. But memos seen by the Press and Journal reveal a private charter to Moscow was given the green light by the UK Home Office’s Border Force. The paper reported national air traffic controllers told the airport’s crews they had “no reason to intervene” to block the flight. They added they would “expect contact” from Mr Shapps’s department if there was “anything specific” about the departure. A Notice of Air Missions (NOTAM) was issued banning all services operated by aircraft owned, operated, leased or registered in Russia in UK airspace on February 25. The Estonian-registered jet operated by a private firm left Inverness for Moscow the next day. The Transport Secretary wrote in a post on Twitter on February 28, amid a row with SNP Commons leader Ian Blackford: “As I know from being a pilot, it's the duty of ALL aviators to check NOTAMs and comply. “[The order] was published on Friday [February 25] and the fact that the airfield in question failed to comply led to the alert being sent!” Mr Blackford responded on the same day the Mr Shapps should “stop trying to deflect from your own negligence”. READ MORE: Brexiteer Lord Hannan exposes Brussels revenge plot He has now told the Press and Journal the Secretary of State “owes an apology to Inverness Airport”, which “did exactly the right thing”. The SNP figure said: “Let’s be clear, this flight should not have gone, and the person who is responsible for that departure is Grant Shapps. “The simple fact of the matter is that the UK Government, through its agencies, did not do what is required to make sure that Inverness Airport could have stopped this flight departing. DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] The Press and Journal explained the memos were released to it by the Scottish Government under freedom of information laws. They reveal a good deal of confusion over specific travel rules in the days after they were first issued. A spokesperson from the Department for Transport told the paper: “The UK has imposed a ban on all aircraft owned, chartered or operated by a person connected with Russia, or which is registered in Russia, flying in UK airspace. “It is the responsibility of aviation stakeholders, including airports, to ensure they are monitoring and complying with NOTAMs.” Express.co.uk has also contacted the Department for comment.