Mould can cause all manner of problems if it suddenly starts to grow in the corners of your home. Not only does mould look unappealing, but it can also cause a variety of health problems if it gets out of hand. However, there are some houseplants which could help to reduce the risk of an outbreak. Mould can form in any room of the house, though most typically, it can be found in the bathroom. A combination of moisture and heat makes for a perfect environment for mould spores to begin to form. The most common causes of mould in the bathroom tend to be lingering moisture which comes as a result of bad ventilation, leaky pipes or taps and toilets seeming into plasterboard and wood. But there is evidence to suggest that houseplants can help to bring down humidity and moisture levels in the air via their leaves. READ MORE: How to get rid of pigeons in your garden - 5 easy ways This ultimately reduces the risk of mould developing. Research shows that rooms with plants have anywhere from 40 to 60 percent fewer mould spores and bacteria. But not all plants are as effective in eliminating mould and mildew, which is why picking the right houseplant is crucial. Here are three of the best houseplants to place in your bathroom. When it comes to tackling mould, English ivy is cited as one of the best plants. The good news is that the plant is fairly easy to come by as it is native to our home nation and usually retails at a purse-friendly price. Not only does English ivy remove airborne mould, but it also removes other toxins, such as formaldehyde and benzene. The leafy plant grows best in bright, indirect light, and its soil should be kept moist making it perfect for the bathroom. However, pet owners should note its leaves are toxic to animals and so it must be kept out of reach of furry friends. DON'T MISSHow much water do tomato plants need? [EXPLAINER]Gardening: ‘Critical’ way to give your daffodils post-flowering care [INSIGHT]How to get rid of slugs in gardens - ‘inexpensive’ and easy’ [COMMENT] These pretty plants not only add an aesthetic touch to your room thanks to their stunning white flowers, but their leaves also work well to remove moisture from the air. Peace lilies are happy in the shade, but they grow to their full potential in areas of high humidity such as the bathroom. Consequentially, these are also the areas most likely to be hit with mould. Much like English ivy, though, peace lilies should be kept away from pets due to their toxicity levels. Palms are a great way to brighten up your bathroom, as well as offering lots of mould preventing potential. Palms keep mould at bay by soaking up moisture through their leaves. For the bathroom, some of the best varieties include the lady pal, dwarf palm or reed palm. They prefer soil that is not too moist and not too dry and thrive in indirect sun.