No, I’m not talking about the penalty shootout, ending, as ever, with an Englishman missing. I’m referring to the booing of the national anthem and treatment of the second in line to the throne by what seemed like several thousand Liverpool fans. Well, obviously, as soon as the plane landed, I fired up my phone to find out who’d won. No such luck. All I got was headline after headline about Prince William. My goodness, those Liverpool fans have taken a right royal roasting, haven’t they? Everyone from Sir Lindsay Hoyle, who proffers a view on most things these days, to Ed Davey and former culture secretary Karen Bradley have all weighed in to express outrage, horror and disgust at the sheer nerve of the fans in red, and their contempt for accepted behaviour at big national events. In fact, very few people have defended the fans, with the notable exception of trade unionist Howard Beckett, who praised them for “rejecting blind patriotism and the establishment”. The booing and jeering were, he said, “pure quality from socialist fans”. Well, clearly that’s baloney. For a start, Beckett has no idea how a disparate group of football supporters, old and young, feel about socialist ideology. And it’s never “quality” to jeer anyone. In fact, it’s not big nor grown up to make obscene gestures, least of all during the national anthem. That’s the same whether you’re a rampant socialist or a blue-rinse Tory. Yet, I can’t bring myself to clamber aboard a moral high horse, Keir Starmer-like, and castigate the fans too harshly. A bit of me sympathises. Because aren’t they just illustrating, in an admittedly crude fashion, that the cap-doffing age of deference is well and truly over? Aren’t they merely exhibiting the truth that the Royals have long since been seen by many of us as take-them-or-leave-them, out-of-touch, wealthy celebrities rather than untouchable pillars of the establishment? Frankly, when a leading member of the Royal family sees fit to jump ship to California only to start selling his life story to Oprah and raking in goodness knows how much cash by bad-mouthing his own family, we know we’ve reached a tipping point. Or at least a turning point. And when his uncle makes a multi-million-pound payout to someone accusing him of sexual assault, while failing to empathise with victims of paedophilia, we can safely say that the Royal mystique is fizzling out. In fact, the really sad thing is that Harry and Andrew have merely hastened an already steep decline in love and respect for many Royals (with the big exception of the Queen herself) that started an awfully long time ago – at least as far back as the mid-80s. Remember that farcical calamity, It’s A Royal Knockout? I wish I didn’t. I break out in hives just thinking about it. That’s when the younger Royals started believing their own publicity and behaving like common-or-garden celebs, while revealing, Wizard of Oz style, the mechanics behind the curtain. So, Saturday’s booing of Prince William was a display – albeit it vulgar one – of the modern relationship that some people have with the Royals. And, in particular, it was a display of Liverpool’s difficult association with our national institutions.   I don’t claim to know Liverpool well. I’m from Birmingham, which has an entirely different culture and attitude. It’s almost impossible to imagine 20,000 Brummies getting worked up enough about a Royal to give them anything other than a muted round of applause. But Liverpool is different, with its own passions, principles and view of history. That’s before we start thinking about Hillsborough. So, here’s the deal: we can both criticise the rudeness of those fans, and also, to a degree, respect their choice. At least I can. Meanwhile, I celebrate the fact that, for its myriad faults, our dear old country is one where we are free to speak our minds as we wish – even if, as a result, blameless Prince William might be feeling rather sore. I’d take our love of free speech, with its sometimes-in-your-face vulgarity, any day of the week over a country where deference is displayed as a result of obligation or fear. Like Putin’s Russia for example, where dissent from the party line gets you 15 years in jail. In fact, I’d take it over France, whose pompous, humourless President told off a young voter, who’d called him “Manu”, for his lack of respect. Oh, get a life, Manu, you puffed-up popinjay. Britain isn’t like that. Free speech matters. We’re liberal to a fault, even about rude gestures to a prince on cup final day. And, for that, I rejoice. 