Joe Wicks, 36, famously didn’t believe in marriage until he met the love of his life, Rosie Jones, who completely stole his heart. The famous PT ended up saying “I DO” to the former Page 3 model in June 2019 and since then the couple have gone on to have two children leaving little time for intimacy. Seven months after getting engaged, the couple got married in a fairytale woodland ceremony on the hottest day of the year. Since then Joe has candidly confessed his saucy sex schedule with Rosie. To fan the flames of their romance, the PT guru admitted the married couple have to schedule sex once a week. The dad-of-two said time was "so disrupted" looking after their children that they have to find one night a week to go to bed earlier. READ MORE: 'Madonna, 63, bemuses fans with 3D scan of her vagina However, the fitness fan revealed the importance of "reconnecting" in the precious time he has alone with the former Page 3 model. During Made by Mammas the podcast, he said: "That time is so disrupted it’s almost like you’ve got to crowbar intimacy into your week. “One night a week ... If you can go to bed earlier... It allows you to have that time to talk. You’ve got to get warmed up sometimes, you can’t just jump straight into things. "Sometimes, I’ll go to bed with Rosie and we’ll have a really nice chat, we might watch a show [...] and you’re suddenly reconnecting." Growing up, The Body Coach was forced to painfully watch his own parents separating and getting back together. But his faith in matrimony was restored after falling in love with his beloved wife Rosie. Initially, Joe and Rosie managed to keep their blossoming relationship a secret as he vowed to keep his private life away from social media. But they were accidentally exposed by some compromising photos in September 2016. DONT MISS:Eamonn Holmes reflects on 'deadly serious' feud with Anthea Turner (PHOTOS)Sharon Osbourne 'so excited' as daughter Kelly pregnant (NEWS)'Supercar fanatic Danni Menzies blasts sexism in motor sport (LATEST) The pair set tongues wagging by uploading incredibly similar snaps from Richard Branson’s Necker Island. Whilst they didn’t mention each other, armchair detectives noticed they were uploading pics from exactly the same location at the same time. Glamour model Rosie, who appeared on FHM’s 100 Sexiest Women list in 2013, was taking photos of Joe and vice versa during their romantic getaway. It didn’t take Joe very long at all to realise that Rosie was going to be the one. And the fitness fanatic explained why he had kept his personal life so private. “She’s definitely The One. But some things you have to keep for yourself,” he told The Mirror in January 2017. “I live on social media every day, so the only thing I have that’s private really is me and my girlfriend." It would be well over a year before Joe would even share a photo of himself with Rosie - and it came alongside some incredible news. In May 2018, the couple announced were expecting their first child, Indie, together. They later had son Marley in 2019 and are now expecting their third child in September.