Test pilots and personnel from the 418th Flight Test Squadron, out of Edwards Air Force Base, California, conducted aerial refuelling testing with a KC-46 Pegasus and an E-4B Nightwatch, out of Offutt Air Force Base, Nebraska. The E-4B Nightwatch, an airborne command centre for the US President in times of war can be used as a flying command centre. Last month, the aircraft was seen in the skies over the UK as it accompanied President Joe Biden during a trip to Europe. The E-4B serves as the National Airborne Operations Center and is a key component of the National Military Command System for the President, the Secretary of Defense and the Joint Chiefs of Staff. In case of national emergency or destruction of ground command and control centres, the aircraft provides a highly survivable command, control and communications centre to direct US forces, execute emergency war orders and coordinate actions by civil authorities. The conduct of E-4B operations encompasses all phases of the threat spectrum. Additionally, the E-4B provides outside the continental United States travel support for the Secretary of Defense and his staff. The E-4B, a militarized version of the Boeing 747-200, is a four-engine, swept-wing, long-range high-altitude aeroplane capable of refuelling in flight. The main deck is divided into six functional areas: a command work area, conference room, briefing room, an operations team work area, communications area and rest area. An E-4B may include seating for up to 112 people, including a joint-service operations team, Air Force flight crew, maintenance and security component, communications team and selected officials. The E-4B is protected against the effects of electromagnetic pulse and has an electrical system designed to support advanced electronics and a wide variety of communications equipment. An advanced satellite communications system provides worldwide communication for senior leaders through the airborne operations centre. Other improvements include nuclear and thermal effects shielding, acoustic control, an improved technical control facility and an upgraded air-conditioning system for cooling electrical components. READ MORE:EU's sanctions backfire as Putin's Asia energy masterplan exposed To provide direct support to the President, the Secretary of Defense, and the JCS, at least one E-4B NAOC is always on 24-hour alert, 7-days a week, with a global watch team at one of many selected bases throughout the world. One was seen flying over the skies of Britain on a recent trip by the President to Europe. The aircraft landed at RAF Mildenhall, a joint air base shared between the UK and the US near Cambridge. DON'T MISS:Putin's 'Doomsday' plane seen near Moscow [REPORT]Sturgeon based ferry fiasco on 'corrupted decisions' [REVEAL]Putin nightmare as fire tears through building [INSIGHT] The aircraft has a length of 231 feet (70.5m) and is capable of cruising at an altitude above 30,000 feet. With a maximum take-off weight of 360,000 kilos, the aircraft can fly at over 600mph. Each unit costs a staggering £186m ($223.2m). The aircraft was first deployed in 1980. Russia has also recently flown its own "doomsday" aircraft in preparation for the upcoming May 9 military parade in Red Square. The Ilyushin Il-80 has no windows in the fuselage and is said to also be able to withstand EM pulses caused by a nuclear weapon exploding. Nicknamed the "flying Kremlin", the aircraft is also designed to be used in emergency situations.