Limescale is caused by minerals such as magnesium and calcium carbonate. These minerals enter the water when it naturally runs over soft, spongy rocks like limestone or chalk. When this water is left on the surfaces, the liquid evaporates leaving behind the minerals, creating an unsightly white build-up of limescale and residue on your surfaces. Fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch have shared how to remove this limescale build-up using a 2p coin. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to remove limescale from her kitchen taps after having no luck using white vinegar. Kelly Louise Whittaker wrote: “May I ask if anyone has had any luck removing limescale from kitchen taps? I tried white vinegar, but had no luck.” Limescale build-up is a common nuisance in homes and can be found wherever water is regularly used. It is one of the most frustrating cleaning challenges in the home and can build up quickly before homeowners even have a chance to notice. READ MORE: Cleaning: ‘Simple’ steps to remove limescale from showers on a budget Amongst the many comments, the most popular solution that was suggested by Mrs Hinch fans was to use a 2p coin. Sam Hayes said: “Gently rub with a wet 2p coin. It’s so easy and no chemicals are needed.” Sue Young suggested: “Try rubbing with a 2p coin. It worked effectively on mine, the limescale just crumbles off in seconds.” Stella Hammond commented: “Been using a 2p coin on areas of limescale build up on my taps and around the bathroom for five years now and I’ve got no limescale problems anywhere now.” DON'T MISS:Cleaning: How to clean washing machine drawers - 'cheap and effective’ [TIPS]Pests: ‘Inexpensive’ and ‘simple’ way to get rid of woodlice [EXPERT]Gardening hacks: ‘Simple’ watering trick to ensure plants ‘thrive’ [INSIGHT] Mandy Bruce advised: “Use a 2p coin and rub it over the limescale.” Haley Cotton said: “A copper coin is amazing for eliminating any areas of limescale.” Dawn Sadler wrote: “2p coin. Wet the coin and gently scrub against the limescale.” Wendy Brown added: “The best way I’ve found is to use a wet 2p coin and gently rub over the areas of limescale. It works better than any chemicals and doesn’t cost a thing.” Homeowners can also use the 2p hack on toilet bowls to remove those brown limescale stains. It’s recommended to put on a pair of rubber gloves on before getting to work. With this 2p coin hack it’s essential to be careful not to scrub too hard and damage the ceramic or porcelain - gently does it. This hack can also be given a go on some other household items, such as baking trays, old pans, shower heads and even the kettle. Other Mrs Hinch fans suggested using cola to rid taps of limescale. Lillian Smith said: “Fill a sandwich bag full of coke and tie it around the tap. Leave it overnight then use Brillo pad.” Shirley Bean commented: “Cola is good. Pour some in a plastic bag and tie around the tap. “Leave overnight and it has a chemical reaction.” Helen Maggs added: “Add cola to a polythene bag, put an elastic band on the tap first and put the bag over the tap, making sure to cover it. Then pull the band tightly over the bag and leave it overnight, scrape off any limescale left with a coin.”