Marcus Rashford is determined to stay at Manchester United in order to prove his worth to Erik ten Hag despite Bayern Munich's interest in bringing him to the Allianz Arena this summer, according to reports. Rashford's long-term future at Old Trafford has been the subject of uncertainty in recent months after it was claimed that he was weighing up the idea of a move elsewhere after United's crushing defeat at the hands of Manchester City earlier this year. Rashford is coming off the back of his worst season to date after scoring just five goals in all competitions for United, who limped to a sixth-placed finish in the Premier League table on the final day of the campaign. The England ace is not prepared to give up on his Red Devils career just yet, though, and will look to win back a regular place in the side under Ten Hag's guidance next season, according to The Telegraph.It is claimed that Bayern Munich are keeping an eye on Rashford's situation at United as they consider a move for his services if they are left unable to land their top targets in attack over the next few months. However, the 24-year-old is adamant that he wants to stay and fight to redeem himself at his current club over the course of next season.Rashford made just 13 starts in the Premier League for United as the Red Devils finished 35 points adrift of eventual champions City and failed to win a single trophy for a fifth successive year. He missed the first part of the campaign after undergoing surgery to correct a persistent shoulder injury but failed to live up to expectations upon his return to the fold before slipping behind the likes of Jadon Sancho and Anthony Elanga in the pecking order. JUST IN: Man Utd and Arsenal can make cheap signings in five relegated stars The forward, who burst onto the scene as one of United's most exciting youngsters back in 2016, was omitted from the England squad back in March before he was again overlooked by Gareth Southgate ahead of this summer's Nations League fixtures against Hungary, Germany and Italy. Rashford's current situation has put him at risk of missing this year's World Cup in Qatar but the player is hoping that a fresh start and a much-needed return to form under Ten Hag could reignite his chances of making the cut.It remains to be seen whether Rashford will eventually be able to find his feet once again at United as he looks to bounce back from the disappointment of this season over the coming months. Former England striker Alan Shearer has already insisted that the United man needs to recapture his love of the game in order to come good after looking disinterested for large parts of the campaign just gone. "I get that he's had injuries, I get that he's struggling with a little bit of confidence, amazing work off the pitch," Shearer told the BBC earlier this year. "But certainly a lot of the times this season, it looks as if everything is a chore."It looks like hard work for him, he doesn't seem to be enjoying his football as much. I get that, it's a learning curve [but] you learn how to get over that." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here