Paloma Faith, 40, has announced the death of her “dear friend” and bandmate Kevin Banks, who goes by the stage name B.B. Bones, following his battle with a terminal illness. Paloma confirmed the sad news with a heartfelt tribute shared on Instagram. The singer shared a series of photographs with Kevin taken over the years that they have worked together.She penned: “It is with so much sadness that I have to share the news of the passing of my dear friend, band mate and touring MD (music director) @b.b.bones following terminal illness. “He was one of the most inspiring people in my tribe.  “We travelled the world with one another, we spent days and nights laughing, musing, working together and loving each other. READ MORE:Eamonn Holmes set to undergo surgery as host unable to walk his dog “I am heartbroken that he won’t be on the next tour. The last tour was very special to all of us as we knew then it would be his last.”Paloma went on to reveal that she was with Kevin in the days leading up to his death.She continued: “We had long chats and I held him as I wanted to and told him how much I loved him many times.  “He even married his wonderful girlfriend in the last days. Also (and he would like me to acknowledge) he looked exceptionally cool right until the last moment!” Paloma added that three songs from her Infinite Things album were written about Kevin.They were If This Is Goodbye, Beautiful and Damned, and Supernatural. Kevin performed with Paloma on tour and had appearances on BBC One’s Sounds Like Friday Night and BBC Radio Two In Concert.During his career he also toured with Pixie Geldof and Gothic Tropic. DON'T MISSJames Martin issues apology after tears for 'father figure' on TV[LATEST]Monty Don details difficult time after he and wife 'lost everything'[INSIGHT]Helen Mirren, 76, unrecognisable in heavy makeup and hair extensions[PICTURES] As well as supporting other artists, he released solo singles Valentine and Together Again back in 2019 and 2020.Paloma was inundated with support from her friends and fans after she shared the sad news.Singer TK Wonder wrote: “Such a beautiful sentiment and sending much love.” Author Lan Nguyen-Grealis echoed: “I’m so sad. He was such a wonderful soul. Will miss him. 