Royal biographer Angela Levin has said that if the Queen cannot appear on the balcony during her Platinum Jubilee, nobody should. Speaking to GB News this morning, Ms Levin discussed reports that the Queen will not make a balcony appearance during her Platinum Jubilee due to ongoing mobility concerns. Ms Levin suggested the monarch's absence could help "solve" the royal headache around Prince Harry and Andrew's appearances during the Jubilee celebrations. GB News morning host Stephon Dixon said: "We have had lovely shots of her walking about unaided this week, but are we jumping the gun when it comes to her mobility?" Ms Levin responded: "She looks very well, and very happy, and like she has benefited from the rest when she went up north. "But there is news today that she may not be able to make it onto the balcony for the Platinum Jubilee. "We think in our eyes that that’s absolutely vital, with the family around her, but I think if she can’t do it, nobody should do it." JUST IN: Meghan Markle wanted to copy Gwyneth Paltrow’s success  She continued: “I don’t think they should do one without her, it’s her day, her opportunity to thank everybody. “It would also solve the problem of Prince Andrew and Prince Harry. "Because there won’t be a balcony so they can’t be fighting for positions and pushing each other out the way!” The Queen's mobility issues have forced Her Majesty to pull out of several events in recent months. The royals usually appear on the Buckingham Palace balcony and watch a flypast.  On the Queen's appearance on the balcony, a source with knowledge of the current situation told the Mail on Sunday: “It could still happen but it is by no means guaranteed that we will see the Queen on the balcony during the Jubilee.” As a result, royal aides are now urgently revising plans for the historic milestone - the first time a monarch has reigned for 70 years. Celebrations for the Queen’s historic Platinum Jubilee will centre on a festive four-day bank holiday weekend in June. While there remains uncertainty around the Queen's presence, there is also mounting speculation about whether Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle will make it to the Jubilee celebrations. DON'T MISS: Beatrice and Eugenie shut out of roles despite brokering Harry visit [VIDEO]Royal Family LIVE: Monarchy 'would crumble' without Kate Middleton [LIVE BLOG]Prince William urged not to help bring Harry back into royal fold [POLL]  It is thought that both Meghan and Harry were invited to join the Royal Family during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations in non-formal roles following their brief recent meetings with the Queen and Prince Charles. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex dropped in to see Harry's father and grandmother en route to the Invictus Games. When asked during the Invictus Games whether he will attend the celebrations, Harry refused to commit, citing issues around security in an interview with NBC’s Hoda Kotb. Meanwhile, York City Council voted to remove Prince Andrew’s freedom of the city during a meeting earlier this week. 