Summer is just a matter of weeks away, and many Britons will be anticipating long days in the garden sunbathing or hosting barbecues for family. However, after a long winter in the garden, your outdoor furniture might be looking a little worse for wear. If you're looking to tackle a build-up of mould and grime, there are plenty of cleaning products aimed solely at leaving your garden furniture sparkling. But before you shell out, there are a few kitchen cupboard tricks that could do the same job for a cut of the price. According to experts from Red Hanger Cleaners, both baking soda and vinegar can be used to tackle dirty outdoor furniture. Both household items might be more common in cooking, but the experts say these "cheap" alternatives have some excellent "cleaning power". READ MORE: Gardening tips: ‘Excellent’ 14p solution to ‘burn’ stubborn weeds Baking soda, also known as bicarbonate of soda, is a leavening agent used commonly in baking. However, thanks to its alkaline properties, it also works well to dissolve dirt and grime. Furthermore, the mineral structure of baking soda works as a gentle abrasive to clean certain materials without leaving harsh scratches. The experts from Red Hanger Cleaners describe baking soda as a "highly effective, all-purpose cleaner". DON'T MISSHow to get rid of pigeons in your garden - 5 easy ways [REVEALED]How to clean inside of your kettle using baking soda [INSIGHT]How to clean your walls using baking soda and a paint roller [EXPLAINER] They added: "[Baking soda] bestows a cleaning power upon resin furniture and many types of upholstery. Which all beats pretty much all other 'manufactured; cleaning products. "Just wet a sponge and dip it into a dish of baking soda. "Then, rub the furnishing in circular motions. Rinse well." Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Vinegar's acidity is what makes it such a great cleaner. The high percentage of acetic acid is able to dissolve away scum, brines and even some sticky substances. The experts from Red Hanger Cleaners recommend vinegar because it is "also very cheap". They said: "Keep vinegar in a spray bottle and use it whenever you start to see mildew and mould growth beginning on your patio furniture. "Strengthen vinegar's cleaning power by mixing half a cup of white vinegar with one cup of ammonia, and a quarter-cup of baking soda. "Mix all together into one gallon of water, and keep on hand and apply with a strong toothbrush to remove persistent mildew. "Vinegar's versatility as a cleaner may also be applied to all kinds of mesh and plastic furniture, as well as umbrellas."