Brentford stars Ivan Toney and Pontus Jansson have poked fun at Everton fans for doing their best efforts to disrupt their preparation for the game. Despite leading on two occasions against Brentford, Everton lost 3-2 at home to the Bees. Everton fans have been mocked by Brentford duo Jansson and Toney after fireworks were set off outside their hotel at 3am on Sunday morning. We've seen it in the past where some of the most dedicated fans do all that they can to hinder the opposition team, and letting off fireworks in the early hours of the morning is a common method. It's usually deployed before the night of a big European cup match, but Everton fans decided to emulate the method as they look to secure Premier League survival. However, they were left with egg on their face as not only did they lose 3-2, they were reduced to nine men. And to rub salt in the wound, Toney and Jansson have mocked the fans for their efforts.  READ MORE: Erik ten Hag 'terminates Ajax contract six weeks early' to kickstart Man Utd revolution Both stars took to Twitter shortly after their 3-2 win against Everton, with Toney leading the mockery. "Lovely display from the boys but not as good as the fireworks late last night," Toney wrote. "Normally I’m being woke up by my son but fireworks was a new one. Big 3 points! Fans right behind us. Onto next week." And Jansson hopped on the bandwagon, as he re-shared a video of the fireworks taking place the night before. The initial video shared was captioned with: "This morning at 3:30 at the Innside Hotel in Liverpool. Brentford's hotel! They did it again! What a team... what a fanbase..."  READ MOREMan City boss Pep Guardiola issues request to Southampton vs Liverpool after West Ham drawErik ten Hag snubs Ajax end-of-season trip as 'there is a lot to do' at Manchester UnitedBarcelona chief speaks out on prospect of Frenkie de Jong completing Man Utd transfer However, not only do their efforts now look frail, Jansson pointed out that the fireworks didn't last long. Jansson added: "You could at least do it more than 10 seconds!" Fireworks certainly aren't the cheapest, but it appears that their 10 seconds of disruption wasn't enough to stop Brentford. Everton are still extremely likely to avoid the drop, but they had the opportunity to avoid relegation with a win against Brentford. The Everton side were given a heroes welcome, with flares and banners lining the streets of Goodison. And the Toffees were in a leading position on two occasions, even after defender Jarrad Branthwaite was shown a red card.  Striker duo Dominic Calvert-Lewin and Richarlison score either side of a Seamus Coleman own goal to lead 2-1 at half-time, but a lapse of concentration saw Yoanne Wissa and Rico Henry strike twice within three minutes to turn the game on it's head. Defeat has given hope to both Burnley and Leeds, with Everton facing tough tests against Crystal Palace and Arsenal. And they'll have to do so without Branthwaite and Salomon Rondon, who were both shown straight red cards against Brentford. Branthwaite was dismissed early in the first half, but Rondon saw red just four minutes after coming on with seconds remaining. Leeds also ramped up the pressure after snatching a late point against Brighton, and they must now beat Brentford to give themselves the best chance of survival. And if Everton can't pick up points against Palace and Arsenal, both Leeds and Burnley could still survive.  But Frank Lampard remained a calm figure after the game, as he insisted that 'it's in their hands' despite the setback. Lampard said: "The first 20 minutes felt comfortable. The crowd were flying. No complaints about the players. "It's pretty simple. We had control of the game. We looked like we would score more goals and win the game. The red card changes everything. You can't play with 10-men for 70 minutes in the Premier League and expect much more [from the players]. "Hopefully Michael Keane, who was sick overnight, comes back. We have three centre-halves out and it's very hard to sustain results like that. "We will fight until the end no matter what bodies we have left. We just have to rest a bit, stay positive, it's in our hands and we'll go again." 