The Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations are set to take place next month. After some speculation over their attendance, it was confirmed that Prince Harry and Meghan Markle would be at the celebrations. It was also revealed that, while Meghan and Harry will be flying back to the UK to join the Jubilee celebrations, they will not appear on the balcony after Trooping the Colour alongside senior members of the Royal Family. Speaking to 60 Minutes Australia, royal author Tina Brown discussed Harry's UK return and how it would a "positive" thing for him to appear on the Jubilee balcony. Ms Brown said: "He [Harry] does have this habit of rattling them [The Royal Family] but at the same time, there is a desire to have Harry back. "I believe deep down, I think they need him actually. She added: "I think, at this moment, to have Harry on the balcony would be a positive thing. Ms Brown continued: "Even after what he said, this is still a family and Harry has a great deal to offer. READ MORE: Prince Charles and Camilla's Canada tour cut short by Trudeau 'Slap in face to monarchy' "That's, kind of, what the family feel about Harry, is that he is a handful. "But at the same time, he also has a lot of charisma and a big emotional connection with people". In 2020, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle decided to step down as senior working royals after, as stated in their official statement, "many months of reflection and internal discussions". In their announcement, which was made via their official Instagram account, the Sussexes said: "We intend to step back as ‘senior’ members of the Royal Family and work to become financially independent, while continuing to fully support Her Majesty The Queen" READ MORE: Queen makes surprise appearance at London Paddington to open new rail line named after her Following Harry and Meghan's official departure announcement, the Queen released a statement. In her statement, she said that "we respect and understand their wish to live a more independent life". She added that the family were "entirely supportive" of the couple's plans. DON'T MISS 'Her memory is incredible' Royal chef lays bare Queen's sharp mind [INSIGHT] 'Loves it in French!' Queen sends menu back if chef makes an error [REVEAL]Platinum Jubilee: How to make your own bunting to celebrate Queen [INSIGHT] Harry and Meghan made their first European trip last month for the Invictus Games, which were held in The Netherlands. Before flying into The Hague, the couple made a UK pitstop to visit the Queen at Windsor Castle. During his interview with NBC Today, Harry revealed that he and Meghan had had tea with the Queen and that the monarch was in "great form".