Street parties are being arranged across the country for the four-day bank holiday weekend starting on June 2 to mark Her Majesty's 70 years on the throne. However, in many areas, plans have been impacted due to the bureaucracy of councils.  In some cases, bunting has been banned from lamp posts and organisers are being made to fill out counter-terrorism forms, it has been reported. Levelling Up Secretary Michael Gove has written to every local authority to urge them to “cut red tape” and be “completely flexible” over road closures. In his letter, seen by The Mail on Sunday, Mr Gove wrote that while “many of you are leading the way and living up to the ‘Platinum Councils’ badge by supporting over 70,000 Big Jubilee Lunches”, he asked them “to make one final push and take every possible action to help your communities in their preparations – from making all processes cost-free for residents, to cutting red tape, and being completely flexible when receiving further applications for road closures”. Mr Gove added: “Your residents should be made aware of all the support that is available and no one should be put off by needless red tape.”   He also hints at permanent cuts to such rules, saying: “National celebrations like this mean a lot to our communities and the fabric of our society. “The efforts made by you and your local communities will make this a momentous weekend of truly UK-wide celebration. “I would like to hear from you to understand what more we can do to make it quicker and easier for communities to come together regularly in the future, including loosening any rules to deliver a lasting legacy.” In Mr Gove's own constituency, Surrey Heath, party holders were told to hold risk assessments covering “extreme weather” and “slip, trip and fall hazards”, along with the use of reusable plastic plates and cups rather than glass. READ MORE: 'Get a life!' American audience in stitches as Sussexes mocked on TV  Party organisers have also been told to ensure there is an adult near barbecues or cooking equipment at all times. Organisers in Bournemouth were told they were not allowed to put bunting on lamp posts because they were “not designed for this purpose” and were asked to “accept responsibility for all claims for public liability insurance cover to a minimum value of £5 million”. One resident in Bournemouth was shocked to read that she would not be allowed to put bunting up on her street's lamp posts. On the Isle of Wight, organisers were told to pay for a traffic management company to draw up plans for an event. DON'T MISS: ‘Big bully’ Nancy Pelosi blasted for blocking UK/US deal Sunny spring to end in spells of rain and wind for entire country Queen ‘practically skipping’ with relief