The Football Association has promised to clamp down on pitch invasions following a ‘rise in antisocial behaviour’ at football grounds over the last few weeks. Everton supporters stormed the Goodison Park pitch after confirming survival on Thursday night and there have been further concerning incidents at Port Vale and Nottingham Forest. Tens of thousands made their way onto the field of play after Everton came from behind to beat Crystal Palace 3-2 in a thrilling clash on Merseyside. Palace boss Patrick Vieira was then involved in an altercation with a Toffees fan - an incident that is now being investigated by both the FA and Merseyside Police. On the same evening, Port Vale’s penalty shootout victory in the League Two play-off semi-final victory over Swindon Town prompted a pitch invasion. Swindon players - including former Palace defender Mandelo Egbo - alleged being assaulted by some fans. Those incidents came after Sheffield United striker Billy Sharp was headbutted by a pitch-invading fan following his side’s play-off exit against Nottingham Forest. A 30-year-old man has since been sentenced to 24 weeks in prison. JUST IN: Tottenham star Harry Kane 'unwell' ahead of Norwich  The FA has since insisted that it will work with clubs to halt the rise in antisocial behaviour following matches. A statement read: “We are very concerned about the rise in anti-social behaviour from fans as we reach the end of the season. Football stadiums should always be a safe and enjoyable space for everyone, and these incidents are completely unacceptable and have no place in our game. “It is illegal to enter the pitch area in any stadium and these actions are putting players, fans and people who run the game at great risk. This simply cannot continue and we can confirm that we are investigating all of the incidences. DON'T MISS...Ralf Rangnick's biggest disappointment ahead of final Man Utd gameLineker savaged for 'irresponsible' Tottenham food poisoning hoaxArsenal hero Wright warns Spurs may be 'real problem' if Eriksen signs  “Clubs play a vital role in addressing this issue and they need to prevent pitch invasions from occurring, as well as taking their own action against those that break the rules and the law. The FA will be seeking to do all that it can to work with clubs as well as addressing the issues from a disciplinary perspective. “We are also reviewing our regulations to help stamp this behaviour out and to ensure the safety of everyone inside a stadium.” Palace boss Vieira preferred not to comment on his clash with a fan. The former Arsenal captain was incited by a supporter - who posted the footage to Twitter - before appearing to aim a kick in the direction of the individual. 