The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge tied the knot in 2011. In recent months, the couple have have taken on more involved roles within the Royal Family, earning them praise from fans and royal experts alike. Speaking on the latest episode of The Royal Beat, The Sun's former royal editor, Duncan Larcombe discussed the Cambridge's "monumental transition" within The Firm. Mr Larcombe said: "Since they celebrated their tenth wedding anniversary last year, we've seen a transition of this couple. "[They] make no mistake, it's been a monumental transition". He added: "They've swapped their waxed jackets and walks with their dogs for tiaras, ballgowns and velvet with walks down the red carpet with Tom Cruise. "So this is about that coming of age, you know, we've seen Prince Charles and now we are seeing this couple, the Prince and Princess of Wales in-waiting". READ MORE: 'Divisive' Meghan and Harry brace for backlash from 'thousands' of royal super-fans Also appearing on the show, royal historian Tessa Dunlop spoke of how the Sussexes inspired the Cambridges to "kick start" this transition. She said: "I think we've got to give some of the credit to Harry and Meghan. "I think they [Harry and Meghan] have forced this couple to slightly kick start the star quality". Kate and William appeared alongside stars at the Top Gun: Maverick premiere last week. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Harry could break 'promise' to Queen as Netflix 'pressure' mounts The royal couple rubbed shoulders with some of the biggest stars in the world, including Tom Cruise. At the star-studded event, Tom Cruise took Kate by the hand as she walked up some stairs at the event. While some commentators claimed the actor had broken a royal protocol, royal expert Omid Scobie said the actor didn't actually break any rules as there is no official protocol. DON'T MISS Kate, William, Sophie and Edward step in for Queen in appearance TODAY [REVEAL] Plan to 'sing Sweet Caroline at street parties' faces fan backlash [INSIGHT] Prince William thought Meghan's visions were 'too political' [SPOTLIGHT] Last September, the royal couple stepped out at the long-awaited premiere of the latest James Bond film, No Time to Die. Kate and William graced the red carpet and were joined by the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall. The film release was delayed for over a year due to the Covid pandemic.