From June 15 it will be a requirement that all new buildings have the chargers installed as the Government continues to push toward a switch to electric cars in the UK. Sales of petrol and diesel cars will be outlawed by the end of the decade. New rules governing EV charge points also say that they must be ‘connected’ at all times. The regulations state that charge points must meet certain standards, which include having some ‘smart’ functions to send and receive information. They must also be able to continue to retain that smart functionality in the event the owner switches their electricity provider. The rules cover any chargers fitted to buildings after June 30. READ MORE: 'Potentially fatal' hypermiling techniques are 'not worth it' New charge points will be pre-configured to avoid charging during peak hours (8-11am and 4-10pm on weekdays), aimed at lightening the load on the grid. The only exceptions are units which are configured to respond to periods of high demand, based on commands from energy suppliers. However, users can choose not to accept the factory presets and override deferred charging times or reduced outputs, even if they are controlled remotely. They can also set their own charging schedules to take advantage of cheaper overnight tariffs. DON'T MISSDrivers warned of huge fines and fire hazards from water bottles [WARNING]Millions of drivers at risk of £1,000 fine for simple MOT mistake [SHOCKING]Drivers face automatic £100 fines for ignoring smart motorway signs [NEW LAWS] The Department for Transport will review progress after launch, informing a second phase of regulations due by the end of 2025. This could, it says, involve “further interventions” and changes to this year’s regulations, but nothing is confirmed yet. The rules mean all residential buildings undergoing a major renovation which will have more than 10 parking spaces must have at least one EV charge point per dwelling. While all new non-residential buildings with more than 10 parking spaces must have a minimum of one charge point for one in five of the total number of spaces. Charlie Cook, Founder and CEO of Rightcharge, believes the move is good for the adoption of electric vehicles, but there may be some issues with people’s tariffs. He told Express.co.uk: “June’s legislation ensuring that all new buildings will have an electric vehicle charger built into them is a positive step towards encouraging more EV adoption. “However, there is a risk that if a one size fits all approach is adopted then many of these chargers may need to be replaced when the occupant moves in. “Choosing the right EV charger is dependent on many aspects such as how the home generates power, the energy tariff the occupant is on, the number of EVs at the household as well as other factors such as budget and personal tastes. “I hope that when the solution is implemented it considers these factors. It comes as oil giant Shell declared its plans to install about 100,000 public electric vehicle (EV) charging points across the United Kingdom by the end of this decade. Roughly 11,000 of these points will be fast chargers in supermarkets, forecourts and charging hubs. This development will ensure that 90 percent of drivers in the United Kingdom will be able to access a Shell rapid-charging point within a 10-minute drive. The remaining public chargers will be on-street charging points assimilated into street infrastructure like lampposts. These will be slower-speed outlets that will charge vehicles over a longer period of time.