Rhian Sugden, 35, claims she has all her weight "up front", leaving her in serious amounts of pain when she walks due to the large size of her breasts. As a result, the former page 3 model said she has hired a personal trainer to help improve her "hunched over" posture. Speaking in a new interview, the model spoke of the "unbearable" pain she is in because of her 34F chest. She said: "I have always been quite lucky because my mum is slinky so I've got good genes, but all my weight goes to my boobs, which isn't necessarily a bad thing but right now my boobs are so big that it's unbearable to walk. "I just booked a personal trainer because I want to build a bum and some legs. I am like a seven-year-old boy from behind… I'm all up front my bum lets me down. "I want to go to the gym to sort my posture out because I am hunched over all the time." READ MORE: Jay Blades bids farewell to TV show after 'final episode' Rhian continued that when she was on Page 3 she was only a "32D", with her bra size having now gone up to a 34F. She said her ideal size would be a "nice B or C cup" although she believes this would leave her work "affected". To solve the problem Rhian hired a personal trainer to help "shrink" her breasts, as a boob reduction can leave you with a "lot of scarring", she told MailOnline. Rhian's body comments come after Victoria Beckham said in a new interview that she believes "women today want to look healthy, and curvy and they want to have some boobs – and a bum." She also revealed that the inspiration behind the new line, VB Body shapewear, which is priced between £90 and £650 per piece is the desire among women to have a "round, curvy bottom." Her comments come after the mother-of-four's strict diet was revealed by husband David to consist of eating "grilled fish and steamed vegetables" almost every day. Speaking about her new clothing range, Victoria said: “I want this to be inclusive of body shape, of skin colour - and of budget. "This isn’t just about me. For quite a few years, the more time I spent working in fashion, the more clothes I wore and I ended up buried under all these ‘fashion’ layers. DON'T MISS... Donny Osmond’s wife made him sleep alone after Dancing With The Stars [INSIGHT] Rebekah Vardy says she lost ‘book deal’ and ‘placenta capsule' contact [COMMENT] Julia Fox, 32, ditches underwear in very daring leather outfit [PICS] "So last year when I was in Miami and starting to go out again, post-Covid, I wanted a change. I wanted to feel sexy again." Victoria then went on to confirm that David "loves" seeing her new curves on display. She added: "Much as I do dress for myself, I also love the fact that he [David] loves me in these dresses", she told Grazia magazine. Rhian has always benefited from her assets, having a successful career as a Page 3 model. She also had a career as a DJ and appeared in TV series Glamour Girls in 2008. Rhian went on to appear on Big Brother in 2010, being evicted on Day 15, with Loose Women's Coleen Nolan taking the crown. The model is now married to Oliver Mellor, with the pair tying the knot in Turkey in 2018. The couple were engaged for over four years, with former Coronation Street star Oliver proposing in November 2014.