DIY fanatic Stacey Solomon has been hard at work for months renovating the home she shares with fiancé Joe Swash and their blended family. However, today she questioned whether she was unfit after the physical exertion of lugging furniture around got a little too much for her. "Sometimes I worry myself with how unfit I am," she revealed candidly on her Instagram Stories. "I've just dragged the garden furniture I've been painting up to the patio and I need a lie down," she admitted, chortling with laughter. Then she addressed her 5.2 million followers with a cry of: "Is that normal?" The Loose Women star had been painting an outdoor sofa in a bid to glam up her garden. READ NOW: John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning "So a while ago, I got a garden sofa from a small business - I'm so in love with it," she exclaimed after her fitness struggle confession. "It's comfortable and really streamline, not chunky like a lot of garden sets. "But I needed to jazz up the colour because as much as I LOVE light oak, I wanted to put it next to the pool and it wasn't the right colour for under the pergola." Guiding fans through the process with speeded up video footage, she added: "I sanded it quite a bit first to make it rough, then coat by coat I finally got there!" "I ran out of paint to finish the table, but it's a triumph to have got this far," she exclaimed jubilantly. However, with four young children at home, she's in no hurry to complete it. Stacey assured viewers: "I'll finish the table after half term!" She also shared that her sofa of choice was from @cotswoldco. DON'T MISS... Tom Hanks' feud with Ricky Gervais laid bare: 'He's on his high horse' [INSIGHT] Meghan Markle sparks divide as Garbage fume at 'obscene' visit [DEBATE] Patricia Brake dead: Porridge actress dies aged 79 [LATEST]  "OMG they have the most beautiful garden furniture and it's a family run business," she shared. "I ended up stalking the page for weeks when I first found it - it's so lovely." In other news, Stacey gleefully announced that her new kids collection, a collaboration with fast fashion chain Primark, is out today. She wrote earlier: "I can’t even describe how surreal it feels to say that Primark have asked me to make another summer collection for children! "I never in a million years dreamed a shop I’ve shopped in my whole life would ever ask me to create something so special, let alone get to do it again! Sharing photos of her four kids in floral outfits, she revealed that son Leighton had chosen the fabric, colour and even the flower design for the shirt he was wearing. Praising the budding designer for his fashion-forward look, she added that "all the boys" had been hands-on in developing the collection. "I hope it’s all you hoped for and more! I can not wait to see your pickles in it," she added, name-checking the affectionate word she often uses to describe her children.