Even though the incident occurred in the US, the news went global and whipped the world into a hysterical frenzy. Critical Race Theory, an American ideology which claims to seek racial justice, suddenly became at the forefront of “progressive thinking”. Worryingly enough, CRT’s influence has grown exponentially in British institutions since the Black Lives Matter protests of summer 2020. In the private sector, businesses have hired consultants to carry out “unconscious bias” training amongst employees. In fact, accountancy giant KPMG has mandated that its 15,800-strong workforce take the training, with penalties in place for those who refuse. Of course, the irony is not lost on the absurdity of tackling “unconscious bias”. How can one consciously tackle a problem if it is unconscious? At the peak of the CRT madness, I was sent random emails from brands who felt the need to reassure me of their “allyship” with me as an ethnic minority. Because, of course, what black people really need to know is that their favourite ice cream brands hold thecorrect political views. Schools have even fallen prey to the CRT trap. Green-led Brighton & Hove City Council stands accused of “indoctrination”, teaching pupils as young as seven that they are “not racially innocent”. Equalities minister Kemi Badenoch has also been vocal about this issue. “We do not want to see teachers teaching their pupils about white privilege and inherited racial guilt,” she said. “Any school which teaches these elements of Critical Race Theory without offering a balanced treatment of opposing views, is breaking the law.” She asserts that many CRT proponents want a segregated society. And she is not wrong. Even the Church of England has been poisoned. This week it was revealed that mixed race trainee vicar Calvin Robinson’s priesthood was blocked after he disputed the Church is institutionally racist. If that was the case, wouldn’t it be more reason to confirm a mixed-race priest? Well not if he holds the wrong views. But this theory, which really should be called “critical racist theory”, is anything but critical. While it claims to pursue racial equality through social justice, in reality its lack of nuance achieves the opposite. CRT wrongly assumes any disparities within minority groups are a sign of systemic racism. If that is the case, why do ethnic Chinese students have the UK’s highest rates of university attainment? In fact, white pupils had the lowest entry rate between 2007 and 2021. White working-class boys are at the bottom of scholastic attainment by most metrics. How can a theory that claims to be critical ignore these glaring disparities? CRT’s intrinsic problems don’t stop there. Complaints over racism in maternity care overshadowed a recent revelation that more than 200 babies and nine mothers of all colours at one NHS trust died as a result of “maternal failings”. How can perceived instances of racism be weighed up against losing your baby to medical negligence? But that is the senseless hysteria that CRT is breeding. Perhaps the biggest, most obvious problem with CRT is how disconnected it is from the reality of British society. While the theory posits race as the main reason for social disparities, here the situation is more complex. Last year’s Sewell race report showed class is a far greater predictor of future attainment than race. A fact many CRT converts found highly inconvenient. But why should two working class people in a council estate be seen differently if one is of a different race? Well, according to CRT, they just are. The report reasonably concluded that Britain is an “open, tolerant and welcoming country”. For daring to assert this, Dr Sewell received months of abuse, vitriol and downright hatred. After all, what could a black British man possibly know about racism in the UK? CRT has also found a cosy home with white liberal elites. These high priests of social division unironically feel entitled to dictate to ethnic minorities their views on the state of racism. In fact, I often find the staunchest CRT adherents are indeed white liberals. CRT has set back race relations in the UK by decades. A country once hailed as the model for integration and social cohesion is being brought to its knees – literally, for footballers who slavishly “take the knee” before matches – by an ideology with no reality concept of how British society functions.