Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel reportedly rates Armando Broja highly, with the striker thought to be a target for Arsenal. Broja has spent the season on loan at Southampton, impressing despite what has been a disappointing campaign for the Saints. He has scored nine goals in all competitions, which places him third on Southampton's scoring charts. Apart from a short cameo in 2020, this is Broja's first full season in the Premier League, but it has been a solid one from the 20-year-old. His performances have drawn the eye of Arsenal, who have made signing a new striker one of their top priorities for the summer transfer window. But to sign him they will have to deal with Chelsea, given Broja has a contract at Stamford Bridge until 2026. And according to 90min.com, Tuchel is a 'big fan' of the Albanian international, suggesting he could be handed a role in his squad in the future. That will be a blow to Arsenal, with Chelsea unlikely to sell a player Tuchel rates highly to one of their Premier League rivals. READ MORE: Chelsea’s misfiring forwards must prove Thomas Tuchel right vs Everton The most likely outcome following this season is that Broja is sent out for another loan spell, with opportunities hard to come by at his parent club. And Southampton boss Ralph Hasenhuttl is keen to bring Broja back for a second spell, though the Blues' ownership situation makes negotiations challenging. “At this moment it is not easy to negotiate with Chelsea. There is no question, and it is not surprising that I want him to stay here another year. I know this would be good for him,” Hassenhuttl said. DON'T MISS: UK's richest man Sir Jim 'loses bid to buy Chelsea' (NEWS)Chelsea fail to learn from errors as key duo 'could have heads turned' (INSIGHT)Kante's masterclass proves why he is Chelsea star Tuchel 'dreamed' of (ANALYSIS) “The interesting thing is that young players are not allowed to have, two three or four bad games because it is not understandable. But it is understandable. After the first big impact he made in the league everybody knows him now and everybody is taking care of him. “It is much harder. I know this as a striker. If nobody knows you and does not know your strengths, then it is easier to compete. It is completely normal that there comes a moment when you have a little bit of a setback. The important thing is that he starts working hard again and fighting to be dangerous up front.”