Geri Horner was seen chatting to David Beckham alongside her Red Bull Formula One team boss husband, Christian Horner, at the Miami Grand Prix. It comes as the former Spice Girl, 49, reportedly "skipped" Brooklyn Beckham's wedding last month to spend time with her spouse at the Australian Grand Prix. It comes as Brooklyn married actress and model Nicola Peltz at her family's lavish Floria mansion in a star-studded ceremony. But today, Geri and her husband of seven years Christian were seen chatting happily to sporting star David at the Miami racing event. David looked dapper in a white linen blazer which he paired with a navy shirt. He wore his salt and pepper hair perfectly styled and had a face full of stubble. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's 'main issue' pointed out by Karren Brady Geri stunned as she attended the Miami race alongside her F1 boss spouse. The singing star wore her ginger locks in loose waves thrown over her shoulder and added a pair of tiny pearl earrings. She bought a touch of glam to the Grand Prix in a high-necked, white cotton dress and a thin leather belt, which emphasised her tiny waist. Geri also took to Instagram where she gushed over catching up with her pal Victoria Beckham's husband. She wrote: " At the first ever #f1 Miami race supporting my hubby @christianhorner @redbullracing. "So good to catch up with @davidbeckham too." The star shared a snap of herself grinning next to Christian and David. The reunion comes as Geri reportedly "skipped" Brooklyn's wedding to Nicola last month to attend the Australian Grand Prix with Christian. DON'T MISS... Gary Lineker addresses James Corden Match of The Day replacement claim [UPDATE]Dennis Waterman dead: New Tricks and Minder star dies aged 74 [BREAKING]Janette Manrara addresses behind the scenes struggles of BAFTAs [ANALYSIS] According to a source, the couple hoped to enjoy some time off work together during their trip to Australia. The insider claimed: “Geri has been accompanying Christian where possible on all of his work trips. “This one is particularly far away but it is the Easter holidays so it was possible to make the journey. “They are hoping to get some down time there too. “With Christian busy with work she didn’t want to fly out to the States on her own,” the source told The Sun. Brooklyn and Nicola got married last month in a £3million ceremony at the bride’s family residence in Palm Beach. The couple began dating in 2019, with Brooklyn popping the question to the glamorous model less than a year later. Nicola is also an actress, and has starred in roles both on the big and small screen.