Royal expert Robert Jobson has asked the British public not to "expect too much" from the Queen as the 96-year-old monarch begins a busy run of public appearances around the Platinum Jubilee. The Queen made a recent appearance at the opening of Transport for London's new Elizabeth Line project after making two appearances at a horse show hosted at her Windsor Castle residence. Mr Jobson has urged the Queen to avoid becoming "overtired" and to "take one day at a time."  Mr Jobson told GB News: "The Palace have known for some time that they have got to pace the Queen. "And this particular thing for London, in particular, the Crossrail project is huge, absolutely huge for millions of people it's got her name attached to it too. "So she would have moved heaven and high water to make sure she got there for that, and I think the way she performed was brilliant. "As we saw at the Windsor Horse show as well, but in all honesty, we don't expect too much of her." JUST IN: Royal Family LIVE: Harry makes huge political plea in US as Duke demands 'new laws' He added: "It's always she's run a half marathon or something fancy she's managed to do a short engagement and she's done it really well, she's clearly on top form. "But a lot of people rally in situations and they get overtired. "So we have just gonna allow the Queen one day at a time and she feels good one day, and she wants to do the job and it's an important job. Yes, go for it. "Now I'd say personally, I think she'd be putting her feet up a lot more than she's actually doing engagements." The monarch, whose public engagements have been limited in recent months due to mobility issues, made a surprise appearance on Tuesday at a ceremony to mark the completion of a long-awaited London train line named in her honour. Elizabeth II, wearing a bright yellow hat and coat and using a walking stick, was joined by her youngest son Edward and Prime Minister Boris Johnson as she unveiled a plaque at Paddington Station. It is the latest public outing for the Queen who, despite missing the opening of parliament for the first time in almost six decades last week due to what Buckingham Palace calls "episodic mobility issues", twice attended a horse show at her Windsor Castle residence in recent days. "In a happy development Her Majesty The Queen is attending today's event to mark the completion of the Elizabeth line," a Buckingham Palace spokesperson said. DON'T MISS 'Her memory is incredible' Royal chef lays bare Queen's sharp mind [INSIGHT] 'Loves it in French!' Queen sends menu back if chef makes an error [REVEAL]Platinum Jubilee: How to make your own bunting to celebrate Queen [INSIGHT] Originally named 'Crossrail', the Elizabeth line will connect destinations west of London, including Heathrow airport and Reading with Shenfield in the east. It will open to the public on May 24. Elizabeth has been seen in public on only a few occasions since spending a night in hospital last October for an unspecified illness, after which she was told to rest by her doctors. She has since carried out nearly all her duties either remotely or in person at her Windsor Castle home and did not attend last week's state opening of parliament. Johnson said it was "wonderful" to see the queen open the train line, and she was in "such fine form".