Stranger Things premiered in 2016 and since then has become a hit phenomenon with millions of fans across the globe. Now, the new Stranger Things Experience is set to come to London and fans can find out how to get tickets here. Journey to the upside down with the new Stranger Things Experience which is set to launch in London this summer. The perfect event for fans of the hit Netflix show, guests will be able to experience the world of Hawkins and help Eleven save the town. In partnership with Fever and Netflix, the new experience is inspired by the immersive Stranger Things Stores in New York City and L.A. and is a groundbreaking, in-person live multimedia experience. The New York and San Francisco experiences saw record demand for tickets, so don’t hesitate to get tickets to the London event when they go on sale today. The announcement of the Stranger Things Experience in London comes as the volume one of season four is set to debut on May 27, 2022, with volume two launching on July 1, 2022. In the experience, fans will take on a new story developed by the series creators and see some of the show’s most memorable settings and favourite characters. They can explore a parallel universe and once they escape the upside down, they’ll be able to see Mix-Tape and grab a USS Butterscotch sundae at Scoops Ahoy or try a unique cocktail at the first ever Stranger Things themed bar. Tickets for the Stranger Things Experience London will go on sale at 11AM on May 12, 2022. Prices start at £39 up, with group bundle and VIP options available. Buy tickets to Stranger Things Experience London here. The whole experience will lasts for 45 minutes and includes unlimited time at Mix-Tape, a collection of Stranger Things greatest hits and dates are from August 2022. Don’t hesitate to get them as it is predicted to sell out fast. Greg Lombardo, Head of Experiences at Netflix, said: “We know our Stranger Things fans will embrace the chance to be the heroes of the story, working alongside Eleven, Mike and the rest of the gang to fight the evil threatening to consume Hawkins.” He added: “Fans love losing themselves in the world when they watch the show. Now, for the first time, they will be able to live out an episode from the series in real life.” Whether you want to visit with friends or family, it’s going to be one of the most memorable experiences you’ll have together. Find tickets to the experience on Fever up here.