  Top Gear presenter Paddy McGuinness, 48, has claimed that the assault on Dave Chapelle, 48, reported earlier today was a “direct result” of Will Smith, 53, slapping Chris Rock, 57, on stage at the Oscars just over one month ago. The A Question of Sport host shared his thoughts after it was reported that Dave was tackled on stage during a comedy gig yesterday.      Paddy didn’t hold back as he shared his thoughts on the incident with his 572,300 Twitter followers. This afternoon he wrote: “The wrong un who attacked Dave Chappelle on stage is, for me, a direct result of Will Smith assaulting Chris Rock at the Oscars. “Only thing I’m surprised about is it’s taken a div that long to copy it?” (sic) On March 28 Will made headlines when he walked across the stage at the Academy Awards ceremony to slap Chris, who was presenting one of the awards. READ MORE: Richard Gere, 72, looks loved up with third wife Alejandra Silva, 39     The Independence Day actor slapped the comedian across the face after he made a joke about his wife Jada Pinkett Smith, 50. Will has since apologised to Chris and the Academy for his actions. Yesterday, clips on social media showed fellow comedian Dave also being assaulted on stage. He was performing a set at the Netflix Is A Joke Festival, located at the Hollywood Bowl, when the incident occured.       While Dave was unharmed, the suspect has since been taken to a local hospital for medical treatment. Chris was also there performing at the show and, according to reports, came on stage after Dave was attacked, jokingly comparing the attacker to Will. Paddy’s followers took to the comments section to voice their opinions on his theory that Dave’s assault was a copycat incident. “Agreed Paddy and ‘Div’ a word from my youth that simply isn’t used enough today in British vernacular!!” wrote Steve C.   READ MORE... Zoe Henry breaks social media silence with Jeff Hordley update [UPDATE] Dawn French, 64, glows as she attends Sondheim's Old Friends gala [NEWS] Andrea McLean watches Met Gala from afar as she turns up uninvited [LATEST]     While Ado argued: “People have been attacking other people long before Will Smith did it.” “I think the state he then left the stage in may put others off,” added James Stanesby. A man has now been arrested on suspicion of assault with a deadly weapon following the assault on Dave. A spokesperson for the Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) said: “The suspect pointed a replica handgun that contained a knife blade at Chappelle.”      She stated: “A famous comedian was performing at the Hollywood Bowl and when he finished his act a male jumped on to the stage and tackled the celebrity. “The suspect produced a replica handgun and pointed the item at the victim. “He was taken into custody and was arrested for assault with a deadly weapon.” The LAPD identified the suspect as 23-year-old Isaiah Lee, who is being held in jail and has been charged with assault. Express.co.uk have contacted Will Smith’s representative for further comment.  