La Liga chief Javier Tebas has torn Paris Saint-Germain President Nasser Al-Khelaifi to shreds as Real Madrid look set to miss out on superstar Kylian Mbappe. The French youngster was presumed to be on his way to the Bernabeu this summer in a high-profile free transfer, but reports now indicate that a lucrative new contract has persuaded him to stay put. Madrid attempted to lure Mbappe to Spain with one year left on his contract last summer, but PSG raised eyebrows by slapping down a bid believed to be in the region on £170million. Many expected them to lose one of their star performers for free this time around, but a late twist looks set to leave Los Blancos red-faced. Fabrizio Romano claims that a three-year contract has been agreed between Mbappe and PSG, and an announcement is on the way. It will be the second hammerblow in a matter of weeks for Carlo Ancelotti's side, after they were beaten to Erling Haaland's signature by Manchester City. JUST IN: Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta can finally put an end to tiring William Saliba saga  In a furious social media rant, Tebas said: "What PSG is going to do by renewing Mbappé with large amounts of money (to know where and how he pays them) after € in recent seasons and having more than 600M € in salary, is a INSULT to football. [Nasser] Al-Khelafi is as dangerous as the Super League." The La Liga chief is clearly enraged that the division will not welcome one of the world's biggest and most exciting names this summer, and in doing so increase the brand and standing of the Spanish top flight around the globe. ESPN claim that the division are weighing up whether to take legal action against PSG, over what they believe to be a breach of Financial Fair Play regulations. Mbappe's mother and representative, Fayza Lamari, claims that her son had received almost identical offers from both Madrid and PSG. DON'T MISSMan Utd can kickstart Ten Hag era with sexiest of signings that ticks all boxes [COMMENT]Paul Pogba worried about playing for Man Utd against Crystal Palace as details emerge [REPORT]Everton star Richarlison fires savage insult at Jamie Carragher after Crystal Palace win [SOCIAL] The Frenchman's new deal will theoretically keep him at the Parc des Princes until at least the age of 26, and perhaps even longer if a prospective one or two-year extension is triggered. Mbappe's decision to stay put suggests that he is undeterred by PSG's Champions League defeat by Madrid this season, in which his name was chanted from the stands at the Bernabeu. Mbappe's seemingly inevitable move to Spain was considered one of the worst kept secrets in football as time continued to wind down on his contract. Still just 23-years-old, the jet-heeled attacker has scored at least 30 goals in each of the past four seasons and already has well over 200 professionally, including a solid return for the French national team.  Although their top target appears to have fallen by the wayside, the summer window may not be complete doom and gloom in the Spanish capital. After all, Ancelotti and co beat fierce competition from around Europe, PSG included, to agree a deal for Chelsea star Antonio Rudiger. Over in France, Mbappe's decision to stay is likely to be announced before two high-profile departures. Manager Mauricio Pochettino and sporting director Leonardo are both reportedly poised to be given their marching orders, and Zinedine Zidane remains one of the favourites to take charge. 