After four powerful and dramatic seasons Netflix's popular series Ozark has come to an end. The second part of season four premiered on the streaming service on April 29, and fans are already starting to mourn the loss of the show. Alfonso Herrera played Javier "Javi" Elizondro Navarro, the central antagonist in the fourth and final season of Ozark. The actor has revealed why he loved working on the show so much.  Javi is the nephew of Omar Navarro (played by Felix Solis), who distrusts the Byrdes and seeks to usurp control of his uncle's cartel. Marty (Jason Bateman) and Wendy (Laura Linney) Byrde have had a riches to rags, to riches again storyline throughout the series and viewers are not done seeing them on their screens. Alfonso spoke candidly about working with the cast and said: "Laura Linney is one of my favourite movie stars. "She's one of the most powerful people in Hollywood, and I always saw her as this giant." Read More: 'Changes Labour made!' Rayner squirms as Kate Garraway challenges Rwanda scheme opposition   Speaking to NBC about the show, he divulged that when he returned to Mexico after filming, his respect and admiration for the star grew "three times as much" due to how much she cared for the entire cast and crew, regardless of how long they may have worked on the project. He revealed he has been a long-time fan of the show and said: "I was a huge fan before I auditioned, so being a part of the final season of a series that I've enjoyed so much weighs heavy on me." Knowing what he was getting himself into, he praised the show's writers for making his character so well-rounded. Alfonso continued: "The episodes are so well written that the interesting part is that they don't go through the cliches [of the drug world].  "You can see very interesting nuances from Javi that make him funny and make him a guy that likes to live in the present and never lies. "If he doesn't like you, he's gonna let you know in a very direct way, which is, I would say, a positive thing." By the end of the day on April 29, many fans had binged the concluding chapter of the show and took to social media to share their thoughts. @HokieJAC said: "I really enjoyed the final half of Ozark's season four. Well done! DON’T MISS…Big Bang Theory’s Kaley Cuoco in tears as she pays tribute to co-star 'Helped me so much' [LATEST]'Didn't want to' DI Ray star shares concerns over portraying ‘racist’ role in ITV series [LATEST]Jennie Bond on exactly why the royals will NOT stand with Prince Andrew [LATEST]   "The last 10 minutes were just perfect in tying everything with a bow… and giving a strong wink to the finale of another iconic show trying not to spoil!" @Treepose12 commented: "Ozark is top five all time shows in television history for me and season four was amazing." Fan @KMBAussie, like Alfonso, couldn't get enough of Laura and described: "Just watched the finale of Ozark. If Laura Linney doesn't win the Emmy for Best Lead Actress In A Drama Series, then please show me the woman that will. "It's been a long time that I've watched an actress that's elicited the emotions that Wendy Byrde did in season four."    However, not everybody was a fan of how the show wrapped up, and @QuoteTheMiller said: "Season four of Ozark was pretty s****y. Reminds me of the last season of Lost where they had no clue what to do with the show." There was some backlash to the fact the Byrdes did not get their comeuppance, after all the pain they had caused. @edetebenezer wasn't feeling the ending and chimed in: "May I just say the way Ozark Season four ended, it will not be well with the writers! Who shot? Who got shot? Why end it there for Christ sake!!" Kofi Annan compared it to another hit show that was criticised for its finale episode and tweeted: "Ozark season four ending is right there with GOT[Game Of Thrones]. Absolutely horrific." Ozark, seasons 1-4 are available on Netflix. 