This Friday, the long-awaited six-part miniseries Obi-Wan Kenobi sees its first two episodes premiere on Disney+ from 8am BST. The return of Ewan McGregor’s younger version of Sir Alec Guinness’ Jedi reunites him with Anakin Skywalker star Hayden Christensen, donning the Darth Vader suit for the first time since 2005’s Episode III: Revenge of the Sith. But where exactly do the events of the new show take place in the Star Wars timeline after the conclusion of the prequel trilogy? Revenge of the Sith is set 19 years before the events of the original Star Wars movie and start of the original trilogy, Episode IV: A New Hope. That was when old Obi-Wan started training Luke Skywalker, having watched over him in exile on Tatooine for two decades. Obi-Wan Kenobi takes place right in the middle of this gap between the two film trilogies, just 10 years after Episode III. To give fans a bit of context, this is a point in the Star Wars timeline when the Galactic Empire was ruling in full force. At the end of the prequel trilogy, Palpatine aka Darth Sidious declared himself Emperor and abolished the Republic. The Emperor initiated Order 66, which saw the Clone troopers turn on the Jedi and slaughter those who didn’t manage to escape into exile. Anakin, now Darth Vader, killed the last remaining Separatist leaders on Mustafar, before losing his legs in a duel with Obi-Wan and being critically burned by lava. However, Palpatine discovered him and had him put into his cybernetic life support suit, the iconic armour and breathing apparatus the villain is best known for. Meanwhile, Anakin’s wife Padme died giving birth to their twins, Luke and Leia. The girl was adopted by Senator Bail Organa on Alderaan, while Obi-Wan watched over the boy in the care of his step-uncle and aunt, Owen and Beru Lars, back on Tatooine. Alongside, Ewan and Hayden, Joel Edgerton and Bonnie Piesse reprise young Uncle Owen and Aunt Beru in Obi-Wan Kenobi, after their appearances in Attack of the Clones and Revenge of the Sith. In a clip for the new miniseries, Luke’s male guardian isn’t so pleased with the Jedi Master hanging around watching Darth Vader’s son. Obi-Wan says to him: “There’s more to life than your farm Owen. He needs to see that, there’s a whole galaxy out there.” However, Joel’s character replies sternly: “I am asking you, to leave us alone Ben. I mean it.” DON'T MISSStar Wars prequel backlash hard for Ewan McGregor, Hayden Christensen [PREQUELS]Ewan McGregor's Obi-Wan Kenobi ‘has role in Star Wars show Andor’ [ANDOR]Star Wars theory: Obi-Wan Kenobi STRONGEST Force user, Palpatine knew [THEORY] Obi-Wan is keen to train Luke, but Owen is very concerned given that he also had Anakin as an apprentice. Meanwhile, the Jedi is evading capture as the Sith hunt him on behalf of Darth Vader. Expect at some point for both former master and former apprentice to have a big rematch. Obi-Wan Kenobi’s first two episodes of six start streaming on Disney+ this Friday.