Cristiano Ronaldo has been told he needs a talk with Manchester United’s new manager Erik ten Hag when the Dutchman arrives at the club. The current Ajax boss has agreed to take over from Ralf Rangnick and is set to move to Old Trafford this summer. United signed Ronaldo for a second time last August after they shelled out £12.8million to prise him away from Juventus. And the blockbuster star has since found the back of the net 24 times. But he has been slammed at times for his propensity to throw strops when things aren’t going his way. And Gabby Agbonlahor thinks there are three issues that could harm Ronaldo’s United future. The former Aston Villa man says Ten Hag will only play the 37-year-old when he wants to, will sometimes sub him off and won’t play him if he throws strops. “I don’t think Ronaldo being there is going to be a problem,” Agbonlahor said this week. JUST IN: Erik ten Hag may approve four shirt number changes at Man Utd   “What’s going to be a problem is Ten Hag is going to come in and say to Ronaldo, ‘I want you to stay but I’m going to play you in the games I want you to play in, I’m going to bring you off when I want to bring you off. I want to choose a team to win a game and you might not be starting that game. If you show dissent walking off the pitch, I’m not going to play you.’ “He’s got to have that power as a manager. If he doesn’t then it’s going to be another scenario where the player is bigger than the manager and the club. There’s going to have to be a talk about it. If Ronaldo says, ‘no, I’m not going to do that, I want to play every game,’ then maybe Ten Hag makes the decision and says, ‘you have to leave.’ DON'T MISS Marcus Rashford's price tag at Man Utd has changed by £90m Wenger’s dig at Ronaldo backfired big time when Man Utd beat Arsenal Man Utd fan Ratcliffe opens up on 'loyalties' over Chelsea takeover    Ronaldo is regarded as one of the best players to ever play the game and has won a plethora of trophies during his illustrious career, including five Champions Leagues, four Club World Cups and Euro 2016. He has also won five Ballon d’Ors. But he isn’t the player he once was and his powers appear to be waning. The forward has one year remaining on his United contract but has been tipped to leave the club this summer, with the likes of Real Madrid, Barcelona and Paris Saint-Germain all reportedly keen to secure his services. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 