Garden weeds can be a nuisance, especially if they suddenly spring up between border plants or in the middle of your pristine lawn. Getting rid of weeds temporarily is one thing, but eliminating them from your garden long-term can seem like a challenge. This challenge is only magnified for gardeners who do not want to use chemical pesticides in their garden. Though plant killer products can be an easy way to combat weeds, they might pose a risk for the rest of your garden. The Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) "believes that avoiding pests, diseases and weeds by good practice in cultivation methods, cultivar selection, garden hygiene and encouraging or introducing natural enemies, should be the first line of control". So, how can you get rid of weeds long-term without using pesticides? READ MORE: Easy ways to get rid of garden pests including rats and caterpillars According to an expert from Hedges Direct, there are two methods you can try out that won't run the risk of chemicals in your green space. An expert told Express.co.uk: "Weeds will always find a way and there is no fool-proof way of preventing weeds, but they can certainly be minimised. "The best way to think about weeds and how to deal with them is by looking to prevent them rather than leaving them to sprout and having to then suppress them, so it’s good to put preventative measures in place in later winter or early spring before the seedlings have chance to grow." DON'T MISSHow to get rid of slugs in gardens - ‘inexpensive’ and easy’ [EXPLAINER]How to get rid of squirrels from your garden [INSIGHT]'It's important': Correct 'moment' to deadhead plants [COMMENT] Hedges Direct said: "By fully weeding an area and then covering it in mulch, weed growth can be significantly reduced within your borders or planters, as it smothers the weeds of the light and the conditions they need to grow." A mulch is a layer of material which is applied to the surface of the soil. Not only can mulch ward off weeds, but it can also help to conserve soil moisture and improve the overall health of your soil. Most mulches are made from organic materials. Hedges Direct added: "Mulches do however need to be kept topped up to be continually effective." Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea A gardening membrane is usually a roll of material laid underneath topsoil to prevent weeds from growing through. Hedges Direct explained: "Another method of preventing weed growth is to use a weed-suppressing membrane over recently cleared areas, which acts to suppress weed growth in the soil. "However, some are plastic-based, so if you are looking to remain organic, then a natural fibre-based membrane may be preferable, but may not last as long." Gardening barrier fabrics can also help to stop weeds spreading from one part of your garden to another, as well as any other plants you may want to keep isolated. Hedges Direct said: "You could also use barriers if you wish to stop other plants from encroaching on your borders. "Grass in particular, whilst not a weed, can easily spread from your lawn to your flowerbeds so edging barriers are often used to prevent this."