Box hedges are easy to grow and can be used almost anywhere in the garden for a statement display. This evergreen shrub is ideal for making neat shapes such as cones, balls and spirals, though it can look equally as impressive when left as a simple square-shaped hedge. No matter how you choose to style box hedges, these foliage-rich plants need to be carefully trimmed to keep them looking bright and healthy, and now is the perfect time to do it.  This simple shrub is well suited to any style of garden and can be used to line flower beds, property borders or as a statement topiary display. Trimming is essential to maintain the dense, green foliage no matter where it’s growing, and according to the Royal Horticultural Society (RHS), May is a great time to start doing it. The exact time will depend on the age of your box hedging, though the general rule is to start cutting back the leaves once all risk of frost has passed. READ MORE: How to clean duvet and pillows without washing machine ‘Kills germs’ For young plants, the RHS recommended that stems should be cut back by up to one-third in May, to “encourage new and bushy growth”. If your hedging is particularly fast-growing, further trimming can be done between May and August when required. Cutting back excess growth from young hedging is particularly important to help the plant reach the desired size. You should aim to reduce congested areas where stems are overlapping in order to free up space for fresh leaves to appear. Not only will this leave young box hedges looking fuller, but they will be healthier too. Trimming established box hedges should be done a little later in the season than younger plants. According to the RHS, mature hedges are best trimmed into shape in August, once new shoots have “hardened off” and the rate of growth has slowed. They said: “This will help to minimise leaf damage due to weather conditions or disease, and the hedge or topiary should remain neat through the winter.” While it may be tempting to trim mature box hedges earlier, it is important to wait, as this could result in a flush of “soft growth” that is more vulnerable to weather damage. Leaf scorch, drying winds, hot sun, late frost and box blight are all possible if trimming is done too early, said the RHS. DON'T MISS:Gardening hacks: Do these ‘magic’ water bottle hacks really work? [INSIGHT]‘Unleash your green thumb’ - how much you can save by growing your own [REVEAL]Gardening hacks: Do empty toilet rolls really 'protect fragile roots'? [ANALYSIS] Box hedges that have been neglected or left untrained for some time require a more intense treatment. Old plants will respond well to hard pruning rather than trimming. The RHS recommended that this should be done in May for the best results. To successfully prune old, neglected box hedging, aim to cut back the growth to within six to 12 inches of the ground. While it may look bare for a while, the re-growth will be worth it to revive a struggling plant. One of the best things about this boxy evergreen is its longevity, with the striking green foliage lasting for years after planting. The impressive density and size of box hedging make it particularly attractive, with most plants able to grow up to 16 feet tall if properly cared for. Trimming is crucial to maintaining a healthy plant, and it should be done every year to keep a neat shape and strong structure. If you do find yourself faced with an overgrown or misshapen box hedge, the RHS recommended that some hard pruning in spring should do the trick.