Blackpool striker Jake Daniels has come out publicly as gay, becoming the first male professional footballer to do so in Britain since Justin Fashanu in 1990. The 17-year-old has delivered a brave message and named Tom Cavallo, Matt Morton and Tom Daley as sporting inspirations for his decision to publicly address his sexuality. Daniels has enjoyed a breakthrough season at Blackpool, netting 30 goals at youth level and making his senior debut in the Championship. And the teenager will now be an inspiration for many males and females, in and out of football, who feel hesitant to publicly or privately come out as gay. He is the first male professional footballer in Britain to publicly confirm they are gay in over 30 years since Fashanu did the same in a tabloid interview in October 1990. Daniels is now the only such active player in the Football League and hopes he can inspire others to follow suit. A message on Blackpool's official website read: "This season has been a fantastic one for me on the pitch. I've made my first-team debut, scored 30 goals for the youth team, signed my first professional contract and shared success with my teammates, going on a great run in the FA Youth Cup and lifting the Lancashire FA Pro-Youth Cup. JUST IN: Government warns Roman Abramovich could 'let Chelsea go under'  "But off the pitch, I've been hiding the real me and who I really am. I've known my whole life that I'm gay, and I now feel that I'm ready to come out and be myself. It's a step into the unknown being one of the first footballers in this country to reveal my sexuality, but I've been inspired by Josh Cavallo, Matt Morton and athletes from other sports, like Tom Daley, to have the courage and determination to drive change. "In reaching this point, I've had some of the best support and advice from my family, my Club, my agent and Stonewall, who have all been incredibly proactive in putting my interests and welfare first. I have also confided in my teammates in the youth team here at Blackpool, and they too have embraced the news and supported my decision to open up and tell people. "I've hated lying my whole life and feeling the need to change to fit in. I want to be a role model myself by doing this. There are people out there in the same space as me that may not feel comfortable revealing their sexuality. I just want to tell them that you don't have to change who you are or how you should be just to fit in. You being you, and being happy, is what matters most." READ MORE: Tottenham hopeful Antonio Conte will not quit in summer as Harry Ka...  Blackpool followed his message with a statement of their own. It read: "Blackpool Football Club has worked closely with Stonewall and the relevant footballing organisations to support Jake and is incredibly proud that he has reached a stage where he is empowered to express himself both on and off the pitch. "It is vital that we all promote an environment where people feel comfortable to be themselves and that football leads the way in removing any form of discrimination and prejudice." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here. 