Garden gnomes are a common sight in outdoor spaces around the world, often used to decorate lawns or tucked away among border flowers. Some people even like to decorate areas of their property with garden gnomes, perhaps placing them in a conservatory or front porch. But is it bad luck to have garden gnomes in your home? According to German folklore, gnomes were regarded as good luck charms. This is because gnomes were initially believed to be real, magical creatures which tended to gardens at night while people slept. German sculptor Phillip Griebel, who initially created small, terra-cotta animals, began to make small gnomes representative of the widespread legends in Germany. These were then mass sold to his clientele as garden decorations in the 1870s. READ MORE: Wallis Simpson's interiors in old home in Windsor are 'a nightmare' The little statues were supposed to help spread luck both in the house and garden. In rural areas, such as on farms, gnomes were also often played in the rafters of barns where they would keep a watchful eye on the owner's animals, crops and garden produce. They were also thought to ward off thieves, pests and other problems. Some people even believe they can attract wealth since these mythical creatures were thought to know the location of hidden treasure. DON'T MISS‘Should do the trick’: ‘Best’ way to unblock a sink without chemicals [COMMENT]Are elephants bad luck in the home? Where to place statues for luck [EXPLAINER]Wood-burning stove rules: Key changes you need to be aware of in 2022 [INSIGHT] Though they are often considered outdoor decorations, gnomes are perfectly fine to keep indoors too. GoodLuckSymbols.com says garden gnomes “serve to protect” and are a “symbol of fertility”. They add: “A gnome was thought to be a creature that safeguarded the treasures of the earth.” There is even some belief that these little ornaments can protect your home and garden at night while you are asleep. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea However, garden gnomes do carry the risk of bad luck with them. According to folklore, it is bad luck to break a gnome or to treat them will ill intentions. Some people also believe that it is bad luck to steal a garden gnome from its home garden.