Jordi-Mai Richardson, who was mum to four-year-old Logan, was found dead at her home in Barwell, Leicestershire on May 2. She is thought to have taken her own life just weeks after passing her driving test, and while she was looking forward to a promotion at work. Her friend, Elle Keogh, 23, told LeicestershireLive: "I got a phone call from her ex-partner to say she had taken her life and I was heartbroken. Absolutely lost, scared - everything felt empty. "She always had problems with her mental health, but she was also a really happy person and she was so sociable, always wanting to go out and see people, and loved her drum & bass music. "She was the sort of person who could enter a room and make everyone smile instantly. "She worked for Cadent, the gas company, and had just had an interview for a promotion she was really excited about. She was clever and she really deserved it and wanted it. "She had only passed her driving test two or three weeks earlier, too. She wanted to drive around the UK and see all the caves, beaches and waterfalls, she was loved by so many people." Logan had been staying in Peterborough with Jordi-Mai's mum on the day his mother died. Elle, who lives in Beaumont Leys, Leicester, said she hoped to raise money for both Jordi-Mai's funeral and for Logan. Thousands have already been raised on the GoFundMe page set up for Jordi-Mai. Elle said: "Nothing's set in stone yet but we want the funeral to be open to all her family and many friends. "I want to give her the best send-off we possibly can and, hopefully, have enough left over to help provide for Logan. So many people have sent messages and donations." At the time of writing, the GoFundMe page has raised £4,110. One person commenting on the page said: "She was one of the nicest people I've ever met. Her smile was so radiant. "I know how much she adored Logan. She may have been a young mum but she did a super job of raising her son.   "I truly look up to her. Spread your wings and fly high. Sleep tight lovely." Another said: "You really did light up a room. Rest peacefully - you deserve it."  If you need someone to talk to, contact the Samaritans free on 116 123 or visit their website here.