The Prime Minister and Labour leader were all smiles at the State Opening of Parliament. BBC's Huw Edwards said: "That's a bit more jolly than I would have expected." Political editor Chris Mason added: "It really is an indication for the body language experts and the lip readers because most of the words we can't quite hear. "A good chance for small talk. Can you sustain a conversation that isn't primarily about politics for the duration of the walk?" Boris Johnson could be heard asking "are we adjourned?" as MPs returned to the House of Commons after the Queen's Speech. The Prime Minister exited the chamber immediately and could be heard mentioning lunch, while other MPs spent time mingling in the Commons. Mr Johnson warned the Government cannot "completely shield" people from the rising cost of living as he promised plans to get the country "back on track" following the Covid-19 pandemic. READ MORE: P&O REVENGE: New law unveiled to crack down on UK ferry firm The Prime Minister used the Queen's Speech - delivered for the first time by the Prince of Wales - to set out plans for changes to create a "high-wage, high-skill" economy, but there was no immediate extra help for households facing spiralling costs with inflation set to hit a 40-year high later in 2022. With the war in Ukraine raging, the Government's programme also included a series of measures to give the security services extra powers to tackle foreign spies and efforts to influence British democracy. The package also contains a series of measures aimed at taking advantage of the freedoms offered by Brexit - but there was no legislation to implement the Government's threat to tear up the deal on Northern Ireland's trading arrangements, although ministers insist that could still be on the table if Brussels refuses to agree to significant changes. With soaring energy bills, inflation forecast to hit 10% and benefits and wages failing to keep up with rising prices, the cost of living is set to dominate domestic politics in the coming months. The Government highlighted the £22 billion package of help with energy bills, tax cuts and other measures already announced and hinted at further support in future. But its focus is on generating economic growth to help address the issues rather than increasing state support, with the public finances already battered by the billions borrowed to address the pandemic. "After two years of Covid-19, I know that the last thing people need are further challenges. I know people are struggling with their bills, and that they are anxious about the future," Mr Johnson said. "But we will get the country through it just as we got through Covid-19, with every ounce of ingenuity and compassion and hard work. DON'T MISS GB News: Farage mocks ‘extraordinary’ scenes from EU Parliament [INSIGHT]Huge protest as DUP collapses Stormont in furious [ANALYSIS]Keir Starmer will NOT be fined over Beergate, warns Tory MP [VIDEO] "While we must keep our public finances on a sustainable footing - and we cannot completely shield people from the fallout from global events - where we can help, we will. "And over the coming months we will continue examining what more we can do to ease the pressures on hard-working people and families." Mr Johnson said the "aftershocks of Covid-19 and the biggest war in Europe since 1945" are causing disruption around the world, with all major economies facing cost-of-living pressures. "No country is immune and no government can realistically shield everyone from the impact," Mr Johnson said.