Liverpool captain Jordan Henderson must message Steven Gerrard ahead of the final day of the Premier League season, claims former Aston Villa star Gabriel Agbonlahor. Gerrard's Villa side visit the Etihad to play Manchester City on Sunday in a season-defining match. Victory for City would confirm their fourth title in the space of five seasons. However, anything less than three points and Liverpool can steal top spot with a win over Wolves at Anfield. Henderson played alongside Villa boss Gerrard for four years between 2011 and 2015. And Agbonlahor says he has to be in contact this week, praying he will do his old side a huge favour this weekend. Agbonlahor said on talkSPORT: "It wouldn't surprise me if players like Jordan Henderson are messaging Steven Gerrard. The quadruple's on, honestly it is. READ MORE: Tottenham could make four dazzling signings if Conte secures Champions League  "He knows him, they played together at Liverpool, they probably still speak. If I'm Jordan Henderson I'm messaging Stevie G saying: 'Come on, please, do us a favour Sunday, do us a favour, come on'. "Gerrard's team are obviously going to be motivated anyway, but Gerrard's going to want to help Liverpool out, of course he is. So he's not going to have his team like being on the beach on Sunday, he's going to have them really up for it. "Villa have shown, even against Liverpool a couple of weeks ago, how up for the game they were. But I just feel that if I'm a Liverpool player and I speak to Steven Gerrard, I'm going to be like 'please, come on, do us a favour'. "And it can happen, Villa on their day, anything can happen." Villa first play Burnley on Thursday before making the trip to City. DON'T MISSLiverpool legend Steve Nicol slams Jurgen Klopp and declares 'you're not a special case' [QUOTES]Arsenal's much-changed XI next season with six signings after three 'agreements' [TRANSFERS]Arsenal can still sign five exciting players even without Champions League [TRANSFERS]  Agbonlahor believes Gerrard will field his strongest XI possible at the Etihad, rather than give some of the club's youngsters a chance. Meanwhile, Henderson spoke to Sky Sports after Liverpool's 2-1 win at Southampton on Tuesday. And he hoped for his old mate Gerrard to give a huge helping hand on Sunday. Henderson said: "It’s hard. "We have had this before when [City] played Brighton away and they went one goal up, and the crowd cheer and you sort of know what is going on, it’s hard to concentrate on the game and hopefully, we have that experience, we can learn from it and concentrate on what we need to do and hopefully Stevie and Aston Villa can do us a favour." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 