The PM will warn that while he is open "to genuine dialogue" there will be a "necessity to act" if the EU does not soften its stance on the Northern Ireland Protocol. The province has been plunged into a fresh political crisis, with the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) refusing to nominate ministers unless major changes are made to post-Brexit trading arrangements. The UK Government could announce an overhaul of the protocol - which many unionists blame for hurting trade with Great Britain and diminishing Northern Ireland's status as a full part of the UK - as early as this week. In a move that could provoke fury in Brussels, the UK is expected to outline measures which would remove the need for checks on much of the trade between Northern Ireland and England, Scotland and Wales. The DUP's refusal to take part in government means Sinn Fein's Michelle O'Neill has not been able to take the position of First Minister after her party won the most seats for the first time in this month's election. It has also blocked the nomination of a Speaker, which means the Stormont Assembly cannot function. Polling by Techne has uncovered pessimism about the likelihood of the UK staying together following Sinn Fein's success in Northern Ireland and Nicola Sturgeon's drive for Scottish independence. When asked how likely it is that the UK will break up, 44 per cent said it is likely or highly likely, while 37 per cent believe it unlikely or highly unlikely. Brussels' refusal to renegotiate the protocol has stirred fears that unilateral action by Britain could trigger a trade war with the EU. Mr Johnson will tell party leaders "we will always keep the door open to genuine dialogue" but "there will be a necessity to act" to protect the Good FridayAgreement - the power-sharing deal which helped bring decades of violence to an end - if the EU does not change its position. Downing Street insists that the text of the Good Friday agreement has been "undermined" by the protocol, which it also claims has "eroded the historic economic bonds which link Great Britain and Northern Ireland".  Mr Johnson plans to deliver a "tough message" to party leaders. He will insist that any action to fix the protocol must result in the parties working together. He will also pledge action in the "coming weeks" to ensure women and girls have access to abortion services, and the Northern Ireland Secretary will shortly set out new measures to deal with the province's legacy of violence. Downing Street says the Government has never suggested scrapping the protocol. Instead, Mr Johnson will argue that the UK and the EU should have the "shared objective" that a reformed protocol will enjoy the "broadest possible cross-community support" when it faces a consent vote in the Stormont Assembly in 2024. A Conservative source said that the changes will address concerns in the province while also protecting the integrity of the EU's single market. The source said: "From what I've heard of the plan for that legislation, I think it is reasonable, it is proportionate and it goes with the grain of the protocol. It's not ripping it up and starting again." However, Labour Shadow Foreign Secretary David Lammy said: "Instead of finding practical solutions they are planning a trade war in a cost-of-living crisis. Making Brexit work takes statecraft, diligence and graft, not Boris Johnson's wrecking ball."  Last night Sinn Fein accused the UK Government of conniving with the DUP to deliberately block power-sharing at Stormont. Party president Mary Lou McDonald claimed Mr Johnson is "in cahoots with the DUP" in preventing the formation of a new Executive and Assembly in Belfast. Ms McDonald alleged Mr Johnson is "recklessly and cynically" facilitating the DUP as part of a "game of brinkmanship" with the EU over the protocol. She warned: "The protocol is going nowhere. It is a necessary outworking of Brexit for which the Tory Party and DUP campaigned. "And the British Government cannot use Ireland as a pawn. We won't be the collateral damage in the Brexit negotiations." ? After his meeting in Belfast, Mr Johnson will fly on to the United Arab Emirates tomorrow to offer his condolences on the death of its president. Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed, the ruler of Abu Dhabi, passed away last week at the age of 73. Mr Johnson said: "He was a wise and respected leader who will be missed enormously." 