He will need to deploy his full arsenal of diplomatic skills to achieve this, at a time when all sides are digging their heels in - not least the EU, which continues to make sure that Britain's decision to go it alone as a sovereign country is as complicated and difficult as it possibly can be. The Protocol was designed to ensure that free trade could continue across the Irish land border and the Prime Minister believes it can be achieved without mountains of red tape and unnecessary customs delays. He is right but, as it stands, the Democratic Unionist Party is refusing to work with Sinn Fein in forming a powersharing executive and the EU is warning about a potential trade war. The latter is the last thing we need as the cost-of-living crisis bites - but the PM must stand firm. Britain absolutely has the right to take unilateral action by enacting Article 16 of the Protocol. But any action on the Protocol should be dependent on restoring power-sharing in Northern Ireland. We urge the DUP to work with the Government rather than against it - and we remind Brussels once again that Brexit means Brexit. ----------------------------- The devastating war in Ukraine is far from over - but both Nato and Ministry of Defence officials have confirmed that the Russian assault is far from close to delivering the results President Putin had intended. Such have been the heroics of Ukraine's armed forces and the bravery of its civilians that even in the largely Russian Donbas region the offensive is "faltering" according to Nato. And the MoD believes roughly a third of Putin's ground force is destroyed. Britain can take some credit for this, with Boris Johnson leading the way in galvanising support for Ukraine. British intelligence has also played a major role and, unlike some other European countries, the UK government has persistently called for greater support for President Zelensky and his people. Long may this continue. ----------------------------- Our Platinum Jubilee weekend is shaping up to be a corker of a celebration. Already, the bunting is up in towns and villages across the country - and rightly so. The last two years have been grim, not least for Her Majesty the Queen, who lost her beloved, contracted Covid and now has been laid low by mobility issues. Of course, we hope that she will be strong enough to watch the flypast from the balcony of Buckingham Palace on June 2 - but what's certain is that she has the overwhelming support of the British people. No infirmity will ever change that.