Ali Maumoniat said his 12-year-old had struggled to come to terms with the suicide of his mother in 2020. The dad-of-three called his son Layth the "funniest lad" in the household and described how he had been "emotional" prior to his death. He told Leeds Live: "We've lost him and we feel empty. "He was so emotional and an hour later his sister came running and was screaming and he was found dead. "Allah gave me my beautiful boy Layth 12 years ago but sadly today I have to return him back to his Lord where he'll be with the rest of the angels and reunited with his mum." Layth was a year-seven pupil at Allerton High School and his death left teachers distraught and crying in the hallways. Eyewitnesses said staff broke down in tears after hearing the terrible news. His dad continued: "I just cannot imagine what was going through his head at that moment. "I think all he was thinking was that he'll be back with his mum. "May the angels lift you in their wings and take you to the highest paradise my beautiful little lion." School friends organised a balloon release on the Village Green, King Lane, Alwoodley on April 30, days after Layth passed away. Hundreds turned out with blue and white balloons, and a balloon arch in the shape of a cross. A funeral was held for Layth at Leeds Grand Mosque in Woodsley Road, Hyde Park on Wednesday last week. Ali said: "It was a beautiful turnout. Everyone was there from kids to parents and non-Muslim and Muslim families. READ MORE: Council taking £150 out of people's bank accounts in rebate error "Everyone was very respectful at the Grand Mosque where the prayers were given to Layth." The tragic death of the young boy has touched the hearts of people across Leeds, many of whom expressed their condolences on social media. Esther Adamson, a classmate, wrote: "Off to say goodbye. I still can't believe it. "He was so clever and funny. Our group is missing a member RIP Layth Maumoniat. "You are missed more than you would have realised." DON'T MISSA rapid increase in a dangerous heart defect [REVEAL]Woman not allowed on flight with family due to 'confusing' rule [NEWS]Highest and lowest council spend on road maintenance [SPOTLIGHT] Claire Crann said: "My heart breaks for him and his family. "I have a son the same age and I just cannot imagine losing him." A Leeds City Council spokesperson added: "The death of Layth Maumoniat is extremely sad and we offer our sincere condolences to his family, friends and everyone else who knew him. "We are working closely with the school to ensure staff and pupils are supported through this difficult time."