In the pursuit of looking younger, women are often expected to part with their time and money. But it does not have to be this way. Facial yoga practitioner Victoria Adams spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about how people can easily look younger at home without the price tag, talking all things "beauty on ice". Cryotherapy is the use of extreme cold, and when done right, "works wonders for the face". Victoria explained: "The cold constricts the blood vessels in the face to tighten and sculpt the face, and in doing this it helps stimulate new collagen. "As new collagen is produced, it helps your skin look healthier, smoother, firmer, more plump." Not only this, the boost in blood circulation "helps those nutrients redirect to the skin cells that need it most". Suffering with spots? Cryo may be your best bet. READ MORE: 'Best solution’ to fine lines and wrinkles according to skin expert  "It's going to help with healing and actually just promoting skin barrier in general. So how do you do it? "The latest treatments available in salons come with a price tag, but you can achieve those results at home." Those practising cryotherapy have many tools at their disposal, including use gua shas, face rollers, ice globes, spoons - and even ice cubes. But Victoria warned: "Be really careful before applying any kind of ice to the face, including your iced tools, as those can go in the fridge or freezer. "One thing I would advise is maybe run it underwater before you put it on the face." When trying skincare treatments at home, "we have to be our own expert and that also runs the risk of being our own idiot", explained Victoria. So it's best to err on the side of caution rather than risk freezer burn. For the same reason, Victoria advised against putting ice cubes directly onto the skin; instead wrap it in a piece of clingfilm. Gua shas and stainless steel tools do not need to be cooled in order to work, however, as they are already cold objects. But, placing such tools in the fridge or freezer before use ensures that you "get that extra power of the cold". Victoria recommended: "Put it in the fridge to start with and see how you go with that." And with your tool of choice, the expert suggested that it could become a key step in your morning routine. After waking up perhaps groggy and puffy eyed, "you see an immediate effect", with the skin left tighter, brighter and rid of dark circles. And what's more, it leaves the skin with a "natural foundation effect", even without makeup - just make sure you put your regular serum or facial oil on first for that "glide". But Victoria warned that it's not a one-time-only method to looking young: "Consistency is absolutely key and you'll see huge results from doing it regularly - although it doesn't have to be every day." In terms of the actual movements she recommended making over the skin, Victoria stated: "We're looking to follow contour lines, making upward strokes so we get that face lift effect." Explaining how to find contour lines, she advised following the thumbs from the chin to the ears, and then from the nostrils to under the cheekbones and up to the hairline. As for the forehead, starting half a millimetre below the eyebrows, Victoria moves in upward strokes towards the hairline - "it really is like free botox at home". Holding a gua sha or ice globe static over the eyes also works wonders when tired.