Ralf Little, 42, has been on BBC's Death in Paradise since 2020 starring as DCI Neville Parker. The actor has become a firm favourite on the show, as the actor took to Instagram today to share an update with fans on how filming is going in the Caribbean. Ralf took to Instagram earlier today to post a short video from the series set on the Caribbean island of Guadeloupe. In the video, Ralf can be seen looking fed up as he pans the camera away from his tent to the awful rain and storms in the Caribbean. He joked: "Paradise!" before moving the camera around again, and concluding with: "It happens!" Ralf then panned the camera towards his colleague, Shantol Jackson who plays Sergeant Naomi Thomas in the drama. READ MORE: John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning The actress also looked amused by the weather as she pulled faces to her colleague. Ralf captioned the video in view of his 130,000 followers: "Just another day in paradise!" Many social media users took to the post's comments to share their view as filming was momentarily stopped. Ingrida1979 joked: "It rains in paradise?" Flamazing_catlady said: "A little rain is good for nature. Have a good day Ralf!" Roni.raysun added: "Reminding you of home!" Mason.siobhan commented: "Don't you just love the rainy season lol x." (sic) Ralf delighted fans at the weekend as he took to Instagram to announce that filming for Series 12 of the BBC hit series had begun. DON'T MISS... Kay Burley sparks concern as she wears trainers live on Sky News [COMMENT] Johnny Depp stuns fans with surprise UK performance [INSIGHT] Helen Skelton stuns at Steph McGovern's 40th birthday celebrations [PICS] The smiling actor posted a video overlooking the sunset, captioning the video: "Greetings from Guadeloupe. Excited to be back on set and show you guys series 12! #deathinparadise." In the clip, he said: "Greetings from our first Friday night in the Caribbean since we started filming Death in Paradise series 12… "Just giving you all a shout out, we're actually working tomorrow but it's our first Friday night and we've settled in… "I think you're going to really enjoy series 12, I think the Christmas special is going to be great. "Just wishing a load of love back home, I hope you're all doing ok and I'll see you back there for Christmas, I can't wait!" He added: "I can wait… very happy to be here, I might not rush back." Apart from the BBC series, it was announced earlier this month that Ralf would be appearing in the upcoming series of Who Do You Think You Are? According to the show's synopsis, Ralf's episode will see him "discover a footballing legacy and a deeper connection to his hometown of Manchester."