Barcelona have set a price of £17million in order to sell Memphis Depay to Arsenal, according to reports. The Netherlands international only joined from Lyon in last summer’s transfer window. But he could now leave with the La Liga giants eyeing two forwards. Barcelona signed Depay a year ago when Ronald Koeman was manager, with the duo previously working together at the Netherlands national team. And while the 28-year-old didn’t compensate for the departure of Lionel Messi, he still managed an impressive 12 goals from 28 La Liga games. Now, Sport say Barcelona want a fee in the region of £17m to let Depay join Arsenal this summer. The forward has just a year left on his contract and, with the club looking to balance their finances, it’ll be interesting to see what happens. Depay doesn’t want to leave Barcelona at the current moment in time and ‘wants to succeed’. He arrived on a lower salary when he’d earned at Lyon and feels the Nou Camp is still the perfect place for him to play his football. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Yet two players are key to Arsenal’s hopes of bringing the Netherlands international to the Emirates Stadium this summer. If Barcelona sign Robert Lewandowski and Raphinha, from Bayern Munich and Leeds respectively, they’ll be open to cutting the forward loose. Lewandowski has already signalled his intentions to leave Bayern behind, saying recently: "I can confirm that I spoke to Hasan [Salihamidzic, Bayern sporting director] and informed him that the decision was made - and that I am not extending my contract with FC Bayern. "Both sides have to think about the future. It's best if we find the best solution for both sides. "I said to [Salihamidzic] that if an offer comes, then we have to think about it - also for the club. Both sides have to think about the future. That's all I can say. "I still have a year's contract [left at Bayern]. But I said that we have to find the best solution for both sides. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “We'll have to wait and see what happens." And while Bayern are adamant the Poland international isn’t for sale, that won’t stop Barcelona from pursuing his signing. Then, there’s Raphinha. The player’s agent, Deco, has been trying to broker a move to Catalonia for his client for months, now. And though Leeds were able to avoid relegation, beating Brentford on the final day of the season, the Samba star remains of interest. Meanwhile, speaking as the summer transfer window creeps closer, Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta insisted they’d do everything they can to strengthen the team. The Gunners missed out on a place in the top four after collapsing during the final stages of the season. And Arteta said: “From my side, I will do and the club will do what we have to do and what we think is the best thing for the club to move forward and do it with the integrity and the honesty that we’ve always done it. “Those players know individually their situation, when it’s going to be communicated, and then that situation happens face to face the way that they deserve.” Arsenal chief Edu has reflected on their season, too, and insisted he’s looking forward to next term already. “Thank you season 2021/22. I have to say how proud I am to be part of this team,” he said. “We went through different moments during the season, but in all of them we believed in what we were working on – especially our players. “I can guarantee there was never a lack of effort, dedication and commitment and hours of work from no one in the club to end the season in the best way possible. “Thank you to the fans for your great support!! As always. “I’m really looking forward to the season 2022/23. COYG.”