Mike Tindall joined Ben Shephard and Kate Garraway on Friday’s Good Morning Britain to discuss his annual charity golf day to raise funds for The Cure Parkinson’s Trust and The Matt Hampson Foundation. However, when Ben quizzed Mike, who is married to the Queen’s granddaughter Zara Tindall, on their children’s role in the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations, the former England rugby player shut the GMB host down. Mike and Zara share three children, Mia, Lena and Lucas. Ben asked: “It’s a big year for Zara’s family the Platinum Jubilee, have you been given your instructions, have you got any roles on the day?” Mike replied: “I just do what I’m told. I’m looking forward to it, I think the Queen is an unbelievable lady. “I think people think she’s invincible you have to remember she’s a 96-year-old at the end of the day. Read more: GMB guest leaves viewers in tears with ‘powerful’ death poem “She’s incredible in what she’s done over her lifetime I can’t wait to celebrate that.” “And your kids as well it’s been released that they’re going to have a role to play on the day,” Ben continued. “How excited are the girls?” “I’m not entirely sure how true that is,” Mike hit back. “I don’t know what their role is generally. If you know can you tell me please?” “We’re led to believe that the great-grandkids are going to be in a coach together at some point arriving in the Jubilee celebrations,” the host remarked. Mike explained: “I think someone took a picture of something we were doing privately and they put two and two together and got seven. “I’m not entirely sure it’s true but we’ll wait and see.” The former England rugby star opened up on his father’s Parkinson’s diagnosis as he discussed his charity golf day. Referencing comments Mike had made previously, Kate remarked: “When you look at his first diagnosis you almost wished that you had been less sad and more encouraging for him to do more exercise and maybe have been slightly more brutal with him. Is that because you’ve learnt more over the time?” DON'T MISSSusanna Reid launches Twitter attack on Gove after VAT row [INSIGHT]Susanna Reid tears into Gove over rising energy bills [VIDEO]Insulate Britain protester shamed 'You'll sit in front of a car!' [INTERVIEW] “I think with hindsight you can look back and make loads of changes,” Mike agreed. “Now there’s so much information out there I would have done things way differently. “I don’t think really appreciated what Parkinson’s was as a condition and I didn’t really give it the full respect I should have given it in terms of making sure he was a bit more diligent about his diet, his exercise. “You have to keep these things up, you have to push yourself and because when I looked at him at the time it would have been Mohammed Ali and it’s like, ‘How did that get to there?’ I didn’t pay as much attention.” “Now I sit there and I was talking to him last night and I still give him a bit of gyp he still should be exercising, he still should be walking the dog more, he should be doing more,” he said. “The stronger you are in your body, the stronger you are in your mind and that helps with Parkinson’s.” Mike revealed the charity golf day should raise over £1million this year after narrowly missing the target in 2021. Good Morning Britain airs on ITV on weekdays at 6am.