The occasion marked the first major Investiture to be held at Buckingham Palace since the start of the pandemic. The Duke of Cambridge, 39, and the Princess Royal, 71, welcomed investees to the monarch’s London royal residence so they could receive their insignia after being named in the Queen’s Birthday Honours list last year. A video released by the Royal Family shows the Royal Family members hosting guests in the Palace’s Throne Room. An Investiture last took place in this location in 1904. Spice Girl, Mel B was named in the New Year Honours for services to charitable causes and vulnerable women. The singer collected her MBE (The Most Excellent Order of the British Empire) from Prince William. The pop star greeted Prince William with a curtsey before approaching him to receive her award. She told PA the Duke commended her on all the work she had been undertaking. The performer added, "He did say, 'I can't believe I'm giving you one of these — I'm delighted,' and I said, 'Aw, thank you,' and we had a giggle." The Spice Girls’ member who serves as patron for The Woman's Aid dedicated her MBE to other people who have suffered in abusive relationships. The Duke of Cambridge also presented a CBE to Watford Football Club manager Roy Hodgson at Wednesday’s ceremony. READ MORE: 'Do the right thing' Kenyans petition Prince William over evictions Mr Hodgson was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the 2021 Queen’s Birthday Honours list for services to football. While William’s aunt Princess Anne was the one to award an MBE to actress Ruth Wilson. Ms Wilson, known for her roles in The Affair and Luther, was named in the 2021 Queen's Birthday Honours list for services to drama. When asked about what she and Anne discussed, Ruth said the Princess spoke about how they would put on plays in the palace as children. The actress said: "She asked whether I had done acting when I was younger and then I asked her whether she had done acting when she was younger." She noted Anne responded in the affirmative and noted the location for the plays was the room where the awards had been handed out. The Olivier Award-winning screen star joined others including actor and musician Ram John Holder and Olympic modern pentathlon gold medallist Kate French to collect their awards from the Princess Royal. DON'T MISS Meghan Markle paves way for return of personal life blog [INSIGHT] Princess Eugenie's podcast project questioned over Andrew's row [REVEAL] Prince Harry blasted for 'skewering Firm in a thousand ways' [REPORT] Prince William teaming up with his aunt to bestow the Honours was met with delight from royal fans. A fan page for William and Kate called ‘loveforcambridg’ wrote: “How wonderful that both of them did that. Congratulations to everyone honoured today” alongside heart-eyed emojis. Another royal fan called Toria wrote: “Great to see it nearly back to its whole hog- those who have been awarded deserve a special day”. A user called Heather Anne agreed with her, adding: “Yeah! Looks so joyful.” One more fan account called ‘Sarahinroyal’ wrote: “Great to see Buckingham Palace has a new engagement”. While a user called Fifi simply wrote “splendid” alongside numerous emojis. Radio presenter Simon Mayo also attended the ceremony after being made an MBE in the Queen's Birthday Honours list for his service to broadcasting and charity. Simon joined the BBC in 1982 and has gone on to work for BBC Radio 1, BBC Radio 5 Live and BBC Radio 2. While Chris Ryan who was part of the GB team that won gold at the Tokyo Paralympics in 2021, was made an MBE for services to wheelchair rugby. The last investiture at the palace took place on March 12 in 2020 just before the first Covid-19 lockdown. The ceremony was conducted by the Prince of Wales. According to the royal website, around 30 Investitures are held each year, and over sixty recipients attend each ceremony. The ceremonies normally take place at one of the Queen’s residences dotted around the country – including the Waterloo Chamber at Windsor Castle. Investitures also happen occasionally overseas during State or Royal visits.