Yellowstone fans are looking forward to seeing Cole Hauser return as Rip Wheeler in season five, which is coming to The Paramount Network on November 13. The heartthrob remains a fan-favourite on the Western melodrama and he comes from a line of famous actors. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about his brothers and sisters. Bright Hauser is an actress and film producer who starred in the 1994 film, Skins. She also acted as co-producer for the movie and worked on the soundtrack as a performer. According to her IMDb account, the star also worked as a make-up artist on Dead Man Walking in 1988. On Instagram, the actress shared a link to her website showcasing her other venture, jewellery making. The Gem Garden website is for "one-of-a-kind jewellery handcrafted in Mountlake Terrace". Bright said: "The Gem Garden was launched in 1999 by Seattle designer Bright Hauser. "The Gem Garden is known for fresh fashion and colourful aesthetics. Incorporating diverse materials is a Gem Garden forte." READ MORE: Yellowstone season 5 release date, cast, plot: When is it out? Tao is one of Cole's sisters but she does not work in the world of showbiz. She does not appear to have a social media presence, so not much is known about her at this time. According to warnersisters.com, she works with her entrepreneurial husband, Dylan Gaines, in his businesses. Tao is the daughter of Wings Hauser and Cass Warner, who are both well-known in the acting world. Wings is an actor and director who starred in Tough Guys Don't Dance. Cass is a film producer whose father was also a famous film writer and producer. Vanessa established her own jewellery and clothing company in 2009 and it was inspired by her love of travel, arts and culture. She is known for using vintage fabrics and sustainable materials in her designs. Her stock is designed in Los Angeles and it can be found in shops and boutiques across the globe. Vanessa's work has been featured on the pages of Harper’s Bazaar, Cosmopolitan and Glamour. On Instagram, she said of her work: "Wild on the outside, romantic on the inside. Iconic, lovely and responsibly made in every way." DON'T MISS... Yellowstone season 5: Cole Hauser sparks frenzy as filming begins [DISCUSSION] Yellowstone’s Kayce Dutton star addresses reaction to Monica pregnancy [INSIGHT] Yellowstone’s Cole Hauser opens up on back injury 'Couldn’t move around' [INTERVIEW] Jesse is Cole's brother but he does not appear to have much of an online presence. According to warnersisters.com, he works in the computer and advertising business. Yellowstone star Cole has been married to Cynthia Daniel since 2006 and he is a father of three. His children are Steely Rose, Colt Daniel and Ryland. Cole is on Instagram and he has been sharing snaps of his beloved family, including his youngest, Steely Rose. In February 2022 he posted a photo of himself kissing his young daughter, saying: "Thinking about my little girl and how much I miss you. Daddy’s coming home soon." He also showed support for his son Ryland who has embarked on a Students of the Year campaign for the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society. In April 2022, he stood proudly next to Ryland who had just bought a new car. He said: "My boy's new rig @ryhauser hard work and great grades. Keep it up son! Love ya."  Yellowstone season 5 will air on The Paramount Network on November 13.