Liverpool have offered a quick update on Mohamed Salah's injury after their star forward was forced off after just half-an-hour of the crunch FA Cup final clash against Chelsea on Saturday - with reports claiming the Egyptian has only a sore groin. BeIN Sports have reported that Salah went off with a 'sore groin' at Wembley - perhaps allowing him to remain fit for the Champions League final in two weeks' time. "[There were] scenes no Liverpool fan wanted to see, certainly not Jurgen Klopp, with Mohamed Salah going off the pitch," beIN Sports reporter Carrie Brown said from pitchside. "The confirmation from Liverpool is that it is a sore groin. He was walking fairly unimpeded so this looks like a cautious option. Don't write off his chances of being in the Champions League final just yet. "That is an injury you cannot take any risks on, and the fact the medical team were with him for a little while checking out how bad it was suggested this was a cautious decision." Salah has played in 56 games so far this season having played in the Africa Cup of Nations in January. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings  Rarely a player to be injured, it takes a lot for the Egyptian to be forced off but he clearly felt he could not continue. That happened in the 2018 Champions League final against Real Madrid, when a rough Sergio Ramos tackle around the half-hour mark saw him forced off with a shoulder problem. And Liverpool fans will have been fearing for the worst when the world-class star was substituted early against Chelsea, and will be hoping for positive updates in the coming days and weeks. Liverpool have three games remaining in their season after the Wembley outing, with Premier League ties against Southampton and Wolves set to come before the tie against the Spanish giants on May 28. Jurgen Klopp's men will be looking to earn their seventh European Cup having picked up their sixth against Tottenham in Madrid in 2019. Salah had a huge say in their journey to the final and they will be hoping the Ballon d'Or contender will be fit for their season finale in Paris. 