BBC's heartfelt drama Call The Midwife series 11 saw Nurse Trixie fly abroad to Italy to take care of her dying godmother. The character's temporary departure from the show allowed actress Helen George to go on maternity leave and have her second daughter. Now, Trixie is set to return to the series during the Christmas special, which hopefully means she and love interest Matthew Aylward (played by Olly Rix) can pick up where they left off. Opening up about the difficulties of filming through pandemic restrictions, Helen revealed the "awkward" feelings when filming intimate scenes with co-stars. Speaking at the BFI and Radio Times Television Festival, Helen, Stephen McGann and Laura Main discussed their relief of no longer filming two metres apart. Stephen began: "It is just so nice, and because we (he and Laura) play a married couple, there is only so much you can get away with distant affectionate chat." "I just thought they had got to that point in their relationship but not the affection is back," Laura teased. Touching on Trixie and Matthew's relationship, Helen exclaimed: "They are yet to discover this because we are two years into our relationship and now. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Amelia Spencer's cause of death rumbled "We're like 'Nice to meet you, how do we do this?' it's so awkward, but you get on with it, it takes a minute to think 'Oh, I should hold his hand?'. "It’s so nice now ­restrictions have lifted, we can actually get close, hug and do proper acting. "We are playing doctors and nurses, and you want to care for your patient and want to put your hand on their arm and all of that stuff, and it has improved our work outlook." During the festival's Q&A with the cast and creators, show writer Heidi Thomas teased: "Something interesting and rather wonderful will happen for Trixie this series. She has big news coming up." After being away from the show to have her second daughter and take some time to spend with her family, Helen teased her return to the show through her Instagram page. Posting a glamourous picture on the show's official Instagram page of Trixie with a Christmas tree behind her, the caption read: "Behind the scenes on the Call The Midwife Christmas Special 2022: Trixie prepares..." User @roses_in_a_jar commented: "Give Trixie a happy ending we want to see her thrive." @Rach_anna18 added: "I’m praying for a happy ending for Trixie she’s had so much heartache." DON'T MISS...Call the Midwife teases proposal for Trixie as return confirmed [INSIGHT]Helen George husband: Is the Call The Midwife star married? [LATEST]Call The Midwife’s Helen George teases return to set [MORE] @_jaydejessica theorised: "Omg, I hope we get a winter engagement with Trixie," as well as @june_waters praying: "Please tell me Matthew is going to propose!" @my_sunny_valentine88 said: "I feel like this could be Trixie contemplating the changes marriage to [Matthew] might bring. Like leaving Nonnatus House. "I want her to finally find love and be happy, but I hope that won't mean Trixie leaving the show." During the festival Q&A, Helen was asked whether her being on the show impacted how she gave birth to her two children. She laughed and joked: "You have stitched me right up here, I mean, yes, lots of women have come to me in the past with their birth stories. "Some fantastic and beautiful and pain-free, lots that have been very painful, and I have spoken about this before, and I chose to have two c-sections. "That was tied into the fact that I have a condition when pregnant, which Heidi covered beautifully in the last series. "I also had a sense that we didn't need to push women to a natural birth if that's not what they are feeling, I think it is your choice." Call The Midwife series 1-11 is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.