Chelsea are reportedly open to a four-player swap deal with Barcelona which would see Cesar Azpilicueta and Marcos Alonso leave Stamford Bridge. The Spanish defenders have both been linked with the Catalan giants, with head coach Xavi said to have earmarked both as 'priority objectives' this summer. Thomas Tuchel is set to face a major defensive rebuild this summer, with Antonio Rudiger leaving at the end of his contract and agreeing a four-year deal with La Liga champions Real Madrid. Barcelona have already reportedly raided Chelsea for one defender in the upcoming window, with Denmark international Andreas Christensen said to be close to signing on a free transfer. Azpilicueta and Alonso have both been regular starters under Tuchel, but their respective contract statuses could leave the pair open to a summer exit. Blues captain Azpilicueta was also set to become a free agent, but a one-year extension has been triggered which means Barcelona will have to negotiate a deal for the 32-year-old. Alonso has one year left on his current contract, and there has been no indication at this stage that the left wing-back will be offered a new deal. The former Bolton and Fiorentina defender was also reportedly involved in a bust-up with Tuchel after the recent 2-2 draw to Wolves, although this has since been denied. Despite these potential hurdles, Spanish outlet Sport claim Barcelona have 'total conviction' an agreement will soon be reached for the transfers of both Alonso and Azpilicueta this summer. The veteran defenders would be offered a three-year deal and a two-year contract with the option of a third year respectively. The report goes on to outline that Chelsea have identified Sergino Dest as a possible makeweight in a summer deal. The USA international full-back signed from Ajax in 2020, but recent reports indicate the 21-year-old's time at the club is likely coming to an end. However, Barcelona are still said to value Dest in excess of £17m, potentially complicating a potential swap deal. Brazilian goalkeeper Neto has also been earmarked as a possible option for Chelsea in any summer deal. Tuchel's side have endured a dip in form in recent weeks, and a previously secure top-four spot has now come under threat ahead of Wednesday night's clash with Leeds United. The Blues then face Liverpool at Wembley for the second time this season in Saturday's FA Cup final.