The Queen is celebrating her Platinum Jubilee in just over a week, and Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby from This Morning were hosting the show live from Buckingham Palace to celebrate. The presenters spoke to Gyles Brandreth, who is well informed on the Royal Family. He discussed the interiors of the palace and how they reflected the Queen, whom Gyles said is “quite a traditionalist”.  Buckingham Palace was originally known as Buckingham House according to Gyles, when it was bought by King George III. It was George IV who turned it into a proper palace. Nowadays, the palace is most associated with the balcony where people come and wave during Trooping the Colour. The palace has 775 rooms, including a gallery, stunning gardens and a ballroom. Many of the rooms are private but royal fans can catch a glimpse of some of the Palace’s highlights.  READ MORE: Queen compared to North Korean dictator in mural to honour her Jubilee Back in October 2020, Kate Middleton and Prince William were photographed in the throne room with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and his wife Olena. The room was stunning and regal with red and gold furnishings and a large marble fireplace. Gold framed mirrors and bold red carpets made the room look even more eye-catching. Over the past 200 years, the room has had many uses. It has been the setting for spectacular balls during the reign of Queen Victoria to Investitures held by King George V.  The Palace Ballroom has a similar decor to the throne room and has been used to host guests and state dinners. The room has red carpets and a white horseshoe table in the centre. Gold panelling and candelabras are on the walls along with landscape paintings. Six chandeliers hang from the ceilings which make the room spectacularly lit. This is one of 19 staterooms in the palace which has hosted both world leaders and other important guests. The room has several gold mirrors and a pink floral carpet. Blue and gold chairs match the carpets and add a splash of colour to the room. Famously William and Kate met with Barack and Michelle Obama in this room.   This is where the Queen makes her yearly Christmas Day speech. The room has white walls, gold borders and red and cream carpets. Family photos placed on a wooden table can often be seen by viewers when the Queen gives her speech. The room also has an impressive chandelier that hangs over a gold grand piano.