Today's local elections give Britons living in England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland a chance to vote in their first national election since 2019. Most candidates will come from national parties, such as the Conservatives, Labour, and Liberal Democrats, but at a council level removed from deciding UK-wide policy. Nonetheless, the race promises countrywide ramifications for the UK's leading politicians, and many people will be keeping a close eye on the results.  Polls opened this morning at 7am nationally for the local elections, and people can continue to vote until 10pm. Unlike General Elections, council races do not come with an exit poll, so voters will have to wait for local officials to release the results as they come. Expected release dates and times vary by area, and Express.co.uk has compiled a guide on which results to expect and when, although they are subject to change.  READ MORE: Local elections: Do you need a photo ID to vote? Polls close for 200 local authorities in England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. Counting commences in England first, with 75 councils leading the charge. The first few results should come in around 12am on Friday, May 6.  Midlands residents can expect their first results to trickle in by around 4am, starting with Dudley, Nuneaton and Bedworth. Back in London, Hillingdon should also start reporting council results around the same time. As people start rising to the early morning news at 5am, Southampton and Derby should start reporting, while much-anticipated results also arrive from Wandsworth. Southampton and Barnet are expecting results around 5am and 7am, along with the remaining votes from the first 75 councils. As the first 75 councils report their final results, another 71 should follow around 9am in England with every council in Scotland and Wales. The newest round of results should come from England first, around Solihull and Walsall, and scattered mayoral races should declare outcomes in London by 12pm. A couple of hours later, around 2pm, Wales will report its first results, while Sussex constituencies, West Oxfordshire and Renfrewshire should follow. By 3pm, Britons can expect declarations for Newcastle-under-Lyme in England, Blaenau Gwent in Wales and Aberdeenshire and Edinburgh in Scotland. Somerset, Glasgow, St Albans and Pendle, Lancashire should come by 4pm with results from the South Yorkshire mayoral election. Local seats in Hampshire, Cardiff and former disgraced MP Imran Khan's Wakefield constituency should follow by 5pm. Scotland should close out its reporting by then with Renfrewshire and Wales with Vale of Glamorgan at the same time, while London mayoral races in Tower Hamlets and Croydon also finalise their results.  The last reporting for England should follow Wales and Scotland on Saturday. Tower Hamlets will likely report its council results last, by around 9am. Counting should finish in the early evening at about 5pm. 