Tottenham's qualification for the Champions League has given them a huge boost heading into this summer's transfer window, with Europe's best players more inclined to make the switch to Spurs as a result. However, the Evening Standard's report detailing Conte's desire for more experienced players with winning experience - rather than younger players with a sell-on value - could see Spurs make some high-profile signings this summer. Express Sport takes a look at four players they could look to sign to meet Conte's demands. Gareth Bale Bale could well make yet another comeback at Tottenham, and this one could finally see him win a trophy with the north Londoners. He left Spurs to join Real Madrid in a world-record move in 2013. He had a chance to win his first trophy with Spurs whilst on loan at the club last season. He played in the final of the Carabao Cup, although Spurs lost to Manchester City at Wembley. Bale may feel that under Conte he could finally end his silverware drought at and the Italian would surely love a player of the Welshman's quality and winning experience. His numbers were impressive in his loan spell. Ivan Perisic Perisic is out of contract at Inter Milan in five weeks and could reunite with Conte if Spurs make a swoop for him. The Croatian joined Inter in 2015, and amassed over 208 appearances for the club in his time at the San Siro. He has won plenty in his career with Inter, Borussia Dortmund and Bayern Munich. Having won the Serie A title last season under Conte, and with Sergio Reguilon slightly faltering in his role on the left, Perisic could be a superb wing-back option for Conte to take on a free transfer. Paulo Dybala Dybala would bring a vast amount of experience to north London if he was to make the switch and become the team's new No 10. Another player who is out of contract in the summer, there appears no frontrunner - at present - for his signature. Liverpool, Arsenal and others have been linked but Tottenham's qualification for the Champions League could put them into the running. Dybala scored 115 goals in just 293 games for Juventus, with 18 of those coming in Europe's premier competition. And his creativity would be welcomed by the ruthless Harry Kane and Son Heung-min. Gabriel Jesus Arsenal fans would seriously envy Tottenham if this deal was done. Though he is only 25, Jesus has already made over 150 Premier League appearances for Manchester City and has 54 caps for Brazil, having made his debut for both in 2016. The Gunners are keen on Jesus and have been linked with a £40million move although that deal looks to have hit a roadblock after their inability to secure a top-four finish over Spurs. And new reports on Monday claimed that Tottenham could now swoop in. Given Jesus can play out wide and also through the middle, he would be a useful asset at Spurs. Beating Arsenal to the player would make the deal even sweeter.