Manchester City fans denied a club request and swarmed the Etihad Stadium pitch after their stunning 3-2 win against Aston Villa secured another Premier League title. And Villa manager Steven Gerrard was the target of mass jibes from the home supporters. Gerrard was on course to helping his former club lift a record-levelling 20th top-flight title as Villa stunned Man City to race into a 2-0 lead in the 69th minute. But the hosts produced an incredible six-minute comeback to win the Premier League for the fourth time in five years. The stars looked aligned for the English top-flight's script to produce final-day miracles again after another ex-Liverpool star, Philippe Coutinho, netted Villa's second. But Ilkay Gundogan's brace from the bench on either side of Rodri's long-range strike formed a stunning late blitz. Liverpool did their job at Anfield, also coming back from behind to beat Wolves 3-1 to push Man City the entire distance in their phenomenal title race. But Gundogan's 81st-minute winner broke hearts on Merseyside and was the decider in City's bid for a sixth Premier League crown. JUST IN: Premier League Golden Boot: Mohamed Salah and Son share prize Despite an official stadium announcement requesting supporters to stay off the pitch at full-time during the game, the turf was quickly swarmed after the Citizens' triumph was confirmed. And shortly after, a chorus of a popular Gerrard chant, to the tune of 'Que Sera Sera', rang around the Etihad. The chant has become iconic among rival fanbases after his slip against Chelsea in the 2013-14 season cost Liverpool their first-ever Premier League title. It resulted in City beating the Reds by two points in the table, lifting their second title in three years. READ MORE: 6 things as Arsenal pipped to Champions League position by Tottenham  Pitch invasions have made the headlines in recent weeks due to an increased number of shameful incidents. A Nottingham Forest fan assaulted Sheffield United's Billy Sharp after their Play-Off semi-final before Crystal Palace boss Patrick Viera was heckled by an Everton fan at Goodison Park earlier this week. And there were more scenes of carnage at the Etihad as City fans climbed on the goal and snapped the crossbar during celebrations. It was a chaotic and jubilant end to a simply remarkable season, but continued pitch invasions up and down the country will be a significant cause for concern. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.