The extractor fan is often hard at work while you’re cooking, whirring away above the stove to remove airborne grease, combustion products, fumes, smoke, heat, and steam from the air. However, when it comes to deep-cleaning the oven, the extractor fan is one area which can be forgotten about. According to experts from Oven Clean, this is a crucial mistake that can “attract unwanted guests” into the region above your oven, and can even increase the risk of serious hazards in the home. The experts said: “Dirty extractor fan filters can attract unwanted guests, from files to cockroaches. “Grease clogged fan filters can be a fire hazard. When the extractor fan becomes blocked with grease and grime, it will work less efficiently. “If the fan filters are clogged, it could lead to unpleasant smells.” To keep your extractor fan in good working order, the experts recommend cleaning it every six months. Alternatively, you can hire a professional cleaner to take on the job. READ MORE: Cleaning: ‘Cheapest’ way to get rid of ants in homes - ‘kills them’ As the extractor fan circulates air above the space you cook, it is a good idea to keep harsh chemicals out of the cleaning process. Luckily, you may already have the solution tucked away in a cupboard in your kitchen. Baking soda, also known as bicarbonate of soda, is hailed for its multipurpose cleaning uses around the home. Baking soda is able to dissolve organic compounds like dirt and grease thanks to its high pH. The mineral structure of baking soda can also provide a gentle abrasive without leaving scratches behind. DON'T MISSDo you clean your washing machine enough? 'Basic' cleaning methods [REVEALED]Cleaning: How to ‘eliminate yellow stains’ from pillows ‘with ease’ [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans share how to clean patio tiles including 99p hack [EXPLAINER] When combined with basic dish soap and hot water, it can leave your extractor fan gleaming in no time. Begin by carefully removing the extractor fan filter from the hood. The majority of filters can easily pop or slide out, though do check the specific manufacturer instructions before proceeding. Fill a large bucket or your sink with hot water. Then, add a few drops of dish soap and a sprinkle of baking soda into the water before mixing them together. Allow the filters to soak for 10 minutes. If your filter is extremely dirty, you may wish to leave it for a little while longer. Next, scrub the filters with a non-abrasive brush. You may need to apply more dishwashing liquid for particularly stubborn stains. Once all the grease, grime and dust have been removed, thoroughly rinse the filters in hot water. Make sure to dry the filter with a dry, clean cloth or paper towels before returning them to the hood.