Dan Walker, 45, took to social media over the weekend to wish his BBC co-star well following his departure from Football Focus after 25 years. Taking to Twitter, in view of his 758,000 followers, Dan bid farewell to his “always insightful” BBC colleague Mark Lawrenson, adding: “I have so many wonderful memories of working with Lawro. “Always insightful, always funny, always kind, always loyal. “Great broadcaster & a great bloke.” The BBC Sport Twitter account said: “Farewell, Lawro! “We wish you all the best!” READ MORE: Piers Morgan claims Eurovision is 'rigged farce' after Ukraine win Dan shared BBC Sport’s tweet and added his own message, before posting a short video clip in an emotional tribute to the former professional footballer. In the video clip, the BBC Breakfast star said: “I’d just like to take this opportunity to pay tribute to Mark Lawrenson who, I believe, has had his last programme as a BBC pundit today. “What a legend you are, Lawro. He continued, speaking about how he had fond memories of when he would go to football matches with his father, as a child, and see Mark play. “I never saw you play until right at the end of your career when I was very young, but my dad told me how good you were.” “There are so many people who will miss you.” Dan concluded his message by describing Mark as a “top bloke”. Dan announced in April that he would be leaving his BBC Breakfast role. DON'T MISS:Coleen Rooney claims Rebekah Vardy texts 'knocked her sick' [LATEST]Prince William honours Deborah James with Damehood at family home [UPDATE] Richard Gere, 72, not concerned about being an older dad with wife, 39 [INSIGHT] His last stint on the big red sofa will be Tuesday (May 17) and it seems that Dan won’t be missing the early starts. He moves to Channel 5 News later this month. On Sunday evening, he took to Twitter to share a screenshot of a number of alarms he had set. He wrote that, although he will “miss so much” about BBC Breakfast, he wasn’t going to miss the early starts. He tweeted: “I’m going to miss so much about BBC Breakfast but… only 2 more days of this! “See you in the morning. “Need to bring some cakes in for my last day on Tuesday.” Last week, Dan shared that he had forgotten to set an alarm "for the first time in 6 years". Dan told his followers about his blunder. He said: “My last ever Wednesday on #BBCBreakfast and guess what? I forgot to set my alarms for the first time in 6 years. “Thankfully the body clock kicked in and I wasn’t too late. I hope you can join us today.”