Having met almost a decade previously when she was just 14, Elvis Presley finally married Priscilla Beaulieu on May 1, 1967. The wedding took place at the Aladdin Hotel in Las Vegas, with a ceremony that lasted just eight minutes. The King’s manager Colonel Tom Parker, ever the Machiavellian businessman, sought to capitalise on the publicity, even on his client’s big day. As a result, the actual wedding ceremony had very few guests, with the Colonel blocking even some of Elvis’ Memphis Mafia pals who the star had personally invited. The King’s cousin Billy Smith, who did get into the extremely short marriage service, recalled on his Elvis Fans Matter YouTube channel: “Believe it or not, a lot of the guys didn’t attend the wedding ceremony. He didn’t allow them to come to the wedding. Colonel or Elvis…I guess Colonel mostly because it was limited…and some of them got offended and actually left. But y’know they still had the reception downstairs.” Elvis’ wedding party had assembled at his Palm Spring house the day before and he'd had organised for two planes to take them all to Las Vegas. Yet The Colonel, who had arranged a press conference immediately after the ceremony, broke the news last minute to some of the inner circle that they would have to sit out and wait for the $10,000 reception afterwards. The wedding ceremony snub caused a rift between the Memphis Mafia, with Red West being left furious. He and his wife had been personally invited by Elvis, but the couple were refused entry right beforehand. West had been with The King from the early days and the singer was even the best man at his wedding. Others in the Memphis Mafia who were snubbed reportedly felt deep resentment for years, according to The Vintage News. In the end, only five of the inner circle made it into the ceremony, with Billy being one of them. The others were his two best men in Joe Esposito (The King’s tour manager) and Marty Lacker (Elvis’ personal bookkeeper and secretary). DON'T MISSLisa Marie Presley’s brother marries with special Elvis connection [LISA MARIE]Elvis Presley acted like a sheep while searching for lost wedding ring [WEDDING RING]Elvis' family slam fiancée Ginger's claims The King planned to marry [GINGER] Additionally, George Klein was allowed entry as a high school friend of Elvis’. A few years later the star was the best man at his wedding too. Then there was Gee Gee Gambill who had married Elvis’ cousin Patsy Presley just three months prior, who also made it in. The Memphis Mafia members excluded were most notably West, Jerry Schilling and Charlie Hodge. The latter two joined for the reception and cake cutting, but West was so offended he left. SOURCE SOURCE https://www.thevintagenews.com/2017/04/09/elvis-and-priscillas-wedding-the-ceremony-lasted-eight-minutes-and-was-widely-publicized/?chrome=1&Exc_D_LessThanPoint002_p1=1