The Show Me The Way singer started the tour, which is still ongoing, in June 2019 amid fears he might never play again. His first encounter with the condition started around 11 years ago when his ankles felt tight one morning. He dismissed his symptoms as ageing until they worsened to the point where he was falling while on stage. When he got the chance to head to the doctors while on tour in 2015, Frampton was given his “most troubling” news: he had a condition that would affect his fingers, one of the guitarist's most prized possessions. Frampton revealed to the world in 2019 he had been diagnosed with a degenerative muscle disease called Inclusion-Body Myositis in 2015. The condition, which usually occurs in the middle of life, causes the muscles to become thin and weak. The star tried to ignore his symptoms until he became “embarrassed” after falling over when he tried to kick a beach ball that landed on stage. Just two weeks after this incident he also tripped over a guitar chord. He managed to see doctors in the middle of his tour in 2015 who diagnosed him with the condition and sent him to specialists at John Hopkins in Baltimore, Maryland. Frampton told Rolling Stone: “It was revealed to me that it wouldn’t just affect my legs and my arms, but it’s going to affect my fingers. That was the most troubling thing, obviously, for me.”  However, for four years between getting diagnosed and launching The Farewell Tour, the star kept it quiet from everyone other than his children and band. “My crew didn’t even know. At the beginning of the next tour [, I fell one more time. ‘Wow, he must be getting old!’ I guess they just thought that.” The symptoms of the condition, according to the NHS include the “knees giving way” and the “loss of ability to walk or dexterity in your hands” as well as difficulty lifting the front of the foot, known as “drop foot”. DON'T MISS:    Around the time of his tour’s launch, he said: “Beyond my fingers, which is the guitar-playing part, there’s my legs too. “Getting around is getting more difficult. I don’t want to stop playing. That’s the last thing I want to stop doing. “I’m going to be playing as long as I can play, but this will be the last extended tour. “I can’t say what I’ll be doing next year.” The NHS explains that another complication of the condition is that people can have difficulty swallowing. Frampton was lucky enough to avoid this symptom, he said. There is no specific treatment for the condition and according to The Myositis Association, exercise is the only recommendation for sufferers. The NHS explains that another complication of the condition is that people can have difficulty swallowing. Frampton was lucky enough to avoid this symptom, he said. Treatment for Inclusion-Body Myositis There is no specific treatment for the condition and according to The Myositis Association, exercise is the only recommendation for sufferers. Frampton said: “Right now, the only thing that works for me is exercise. I work out like a maniac all the time. “It’s strengthening the muscle that I have. It seems to be the best possible thing for IBM is to work out every day.” Frampton’s last ever shows in Britain are set to take place in November 2022, including a performance at the Royal Albert Hall.  Frampton said: “Right now, the only thing that works for me is exercise. I work out like a maniac all the time. “It’s strengthening the muscle that I have. It seems to be the best possible thing for IBM is to work out every day.” Frampton’s last ever shows in Britain are set to take place in November 2022, including a performance at the Royal Albert Hall.