Prince Charles is next in line for the throne, followed by his son Prince William. When the time comes, the Queen's death will see the country enter a period of official mourning but questions have arisen as to what will happen "after the Queen's reign". Speaking on Jeremy Vine, Republic member Graham Smith discussed the issues the monarchy will face after the Queen's passing and states that he does not think neither Prince Charles nor Prince William is "equipped" to handle the royal popularity crisis amid concerning polling numbers. Speaking on the show, Mr Smith said: "I think debate now is what happens after the Queen's reign. "You know, she is 96, we are going to be faced with a succession in the next few years. "I think the problem that the royals have is that the Queen is the monarchy, the monarchy is the Queen or most people, and for as long as I have been talking about this issue, people have said, you know, I like the Queen but not so much the rest of them." He added: "I think, this week, we are seeing in the polling, a slow puncture in the support for the monarchy and that will start to speed up when the Queen isn't there". "She is the one that people like and respect. READ MORE: ‘Frogmore is bigger’ Andrew could be on collision course with William over Windsor move "She's the connection with the bygone era, she represents that monarchy that people remember from the 1950s and 1940s and so on". Mr Smith stated that "Charles and William don't do that". He added: "The thing that they do, that the Queen hasn't done, is that they speak a whole range of issues and every time they do that, they divide opinion and put people off, in one way or another." He noted that "social attitudes are changing" so the two, and the rest of the Royal Family, are in "quite a difficult situation" The Republic activist said: "I don't think Charles or William are equipped to turn around that drop in polling". READ MORE: Queen will miss more key royal events as health concerns soar following new cancellations The debate followed the release of a new YouGov poll showing soaring numbers in support of abolishing the monarchy once the Queen is Gone. In a survey conducted between April 30 and May 2, 60 percent of the 1,754 respondents were in favour of keeping the Royal Family compared to 65 percent the year before. Excluding unsure participants, the number of people backing plans for the abolition of the monarchy rose from 16 percent to 27 percent over the past year alone. As the eldest son of the Queen and the late Prince Philip, Charles is the heir to the throne. DON'T MISS Prince Harry in 'much better spot' than Meghan Markle [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry 'going nowhere' as royals left 'scrambling' for deals [ANALYSIS]Dr Shola hits out at royals as she demands reparations [VIDEO] After the Queen's death, Prince Charles is set to become King almost immediately by default. Camilla will become Queen Consort. Due to the 96-year-old's ongoing health struggles, Charles has stepped up and taken on some recent royal duties on behalf of his mother. Representing Her Majesty The Queen, Charles and Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall attended the Royal Maundy Service at St George’s Chapel last month. The Palace has announced that the Queen will not attend any of the Garden Parties taking place over the next few weeks. This has sparked more concerns regarding her health. An official statement, released by the Palace on May 5, read: "Her Majesty The Queen will be represented by other Members of the Royal Family at this year's Garden Parties, with details on attendance to be confirmed in due course." 