Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab said the Government would take "whatever measures are necessary" to resolve the issues around the protocol. But he refused to say whether action on the Northern Ireland Protocol would be included in Tuesday's Queen's Speech. Speaking to Sky's Sophy Ridge on Sunday, Mr Raab said: "We will deal with the situation, we will take whatever measures are necessary to protect the economic as well as the constitutional integrity of Northern Ireland." Mr Raab added: "If anything, the outcome in Northern Ireland from those elections makes it clear it can't be put off." He suggested it would be dealt with in the coming "weeks and months". The minister noted: "The issues around the Northern Ireland Protocol needed to be resolved to preserve stability following Sinn Fein's election success. The unionist DUP will refuse to serve with republican Sinn Fein in a power-sharing executive unless the issues it has with Northern Ireland's post-Brexit deal are resolved. READ MORE: EU blamed for worsening Northern Irish tensions 'Opened Pandora's box!  Mr Raab said the people of Northern Ireland wanted an executive to be formed to provide stability. He said: "That stability is being put at risk, imperilled if you like, by the problems with the Northern Ireland Protocol, that's something that affects communities across the board. "It's clear from the dynamic that we now see that we won't get to that position of stability unless and until it is fixed." The protocol had been used as a "political device" and Mr Raab restated the UK's position that it would be prepared to tear up parts of the deal if an agreement could not be reached with the European Union. Boris Johnson faces pressure from Tory MPs and a potential constitutional crisis over Northern Ireland in the fallout from a bruising round of elections. Sinn Fein's victory in the Stormont contests was the first for a republican party and "ushers in a new era" of politics, vice president Michelle O'Neill said. Her party is committed to a border poll on unification with Ireland, although that is not a likely prospect in the short term. But her hopes of becoming first minister in a powersharing executive hinge on the unionist DUP, the second largest party, joining an administration - something it has ruled out unless there are major changes to Northern Ireland's post-Brexit deal. DON'T MISS Brexit LIVE: Lord Frost says Boris will act on protocol [LIVE]Now Boris Johnson can show his mettle on Brexit – EXPRESS COMMENT [COMMENT]Boris told ‘seismic’ results may be ‘final chapter’ for United Kingdom [VIDEO] The deadlock will increase tensions between Westminster and Brussels, with the UK insisting all options remain on the table - including the possibility of unilaterally scrapping elements of the deal. That could trigger a major breakdown in relations between the UK and European Union. Northern Ireland Secretary Brandon Lewis urged the parties to work to form a new "fully functioning devolved government", but said voters "want the issues around the protocol addressed". The protocol effectively creates checks on goods flowing from Great Britain to Northern Ireland in order to allow an open border with Ireland, which is within the EU's single market and customs union.