A skincare expert and founder of clean, vegan, cruelty-free skincare brand Glowb spoke highlighted an important vitamin to include in your supplement regimen and your skincare to achieve a youthful glow and fight some of the signs of aging. Sophie Hughes is a model and body positivity advocate. She emphasises the benefits of vitamin C. Sophie advised Britons: "Make your products work harder. "For example, make your serum work harder with a cocktail of ingredients to tackle multiple concerns. "A serum product means you can treat signs of aging, tackle skin damage, boost hydration and get glowing in one application. "Niacinamide effectively reduces blemishes and redness. Vitamin C is an amazing skin brightener, and as we age, can help in preventing dark spots, and fine lines and support collagen all partnered with hyaluronic acid for added hydration." READ MORE: 'Age beautifully': Look for 3 effective anti-aging ingredients in skincare such as vit A Adding vitamin C is not the only way you can give your skin a boost, Sophie said. She advised embracing another important step in your skincare routine, exfoliating. Sophie said: "Exfoliating is not the enemy. From harsh ingredients that could cause skin tears to irritating acids, exfoliating can sometimes have a bad rep. "However, a gentle cleanser that includes antioxidants and gentle exfoliating ingredients will remove dead cells and reveal a brighter complexion. DON'T MISSAnti-aging expert shares essential face yoga moves to turn back the clock [BEAUTY] Anti-aging for the neck: 'From turkey neck to swan neck' [ROUTINE] 'Age beautifully': Look for 3 effective anti-aging ingredients [SKINCARE] "When you exfoliate, the aim is to remove dull skin cells, promote new cell growth and boost moisture to reveal a more glowing and youthful appearance." But skincare alone won't bring you youthful glowing skin. Lifestyle factors are important too. Drinking lots of water and eating nutritious foods is key, and so is relaxing according to Sophie. She said: "Sit back and relax. Achieving a youthful glow is just as much about the inside as it is the outside - your emotional and mental well-being is just as important, tackle those external stressors by partaking in stress relief and relaxation. "In fact, combine the two by taking the time to yourself and indulging in a weekly face mask in a quiet relaxing bath. "A clay mask will draw out pore congestion to boost skin radiance. "The Not Another Pink Mask from glowb is packed full of anti-inflammatory ingredients, alongside Vitamin E, to leave your skin clear and hydrated." A nutrition expert has discussed a "relatively unheard of" anti-aging supplement that "improves skin elasticity and fine lines". Jessica Shand is the Naturopathic Nutrition Specialist behind Eat Nourish + Glow. The health expert said: "A relatively unheard of nutrient but one you should get to know if you want to go the extra mile in helping your skin age gracefully and glowingly. "Astaxanthin is derived from the micro-algae that gives pink flamingos, salmon and lobster their rosy hue and it improves skin texture, and elasticity and helps to smooth fine lines."