Sadio Mane’s future is currently up in the air. Before Liverpool's Champions League final defeat to Real Madrid on Saturday night, the Senegal international kept his cards close to his chest when quizzed about links to Bayern Munich. And there’s still a chance he’ll leave Anfield behind. Mane was asked about his future before the game with Madrid, telling media at a press conference: "This question [about my future] I will answer after Champions League [final], if I'm staying or not.” And he added: “Come back to me on Saturday and I will give you the best answer you want to hear, for sure. “It's special. I will give you all you want to hear then." Bayern Munich are pushing hard to sign Mane, with the Bundesliga giants targeting a new forward amid uncertainty over the long-term future of Robert Lewandowski. But Express Sport will now take a look at three reasons he now has to stay at Anfield, instead of jumping ship to the Allianz Arena. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Mane has been a huge hit at Liverpool ever since arriving from Southampton back in the summer transfer window of 2016. He’s won every trophy during that time, becoming a club legend along the way. But Mane won’t want to leave Liverpool behind on such a low note given everything he’s done for the club. After the game, Jurgen Klopp issues a defiant statement by telling fans to ‘book the hotel’ for Istanbul next year. Liverpool fully believe they can bounce back and the chance to avenge such an agonising defeat could persuade Mane into staying put for another year at least. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here While Bayern are a big team, Liverpool have outperformed them in the Champions League in recent years. They made the final in 2018, losing to Madrid in Kiev, before bouncing back to claim the trophy at Tottenham’s expense 12 years later. Mane, after starting for Liverpool against Real on Saturday night, has now appeared in three Champions League finals. And he’s scored in just one of them, four years ago. Given Liverpool’s recent record suggests they have a better chance of making the final in the future, remaining on Merseyside would perhaps be the best decision to enable him to grace such a grand stage again. Liverpool will end the season with two trophies to their name. They won the Carabao Cup on penalties earlier in the season, beating Chelsea in the final after a goalless draw. And it was a similar story against the Blues earlier this month, with a shootout again giving Klopp’s team the prize. But Liverpool were agonisingly close to a quadruple. So why would Mane leave? Next year, the Reds will go for the jugular. A quadruple always seems to be a dream but nobody has come closer to achieving the impossible. And Klopp, contrary to what he says, will have his sights on history next time out. Liverpool were favourites to beat Madrid prior to the contest. But they were unable to find a way past Thibaut Courtois, with the Belgium international having the game of his life to keep the Reds at bay. Real chose to sit back and try and hit their rivals on the break. And those tactics paid off, with Vinicius Jr scoring the only goal of the game in the 59th minute to settle the contest. It means Real have now won the Champions League 14 times, whereas Liverpool won’t be adding to their six triumphs this year.