Not only does the high street bank offer a £125 switching bonus, but it also offers additional enticing rewards and benefits. Britons are reminded that their offer ends on May 9 so will need to act as soon as possible to receive the cash boost. As the cost of living crisis continues, the cash incentive could be put towards rising energy bills to relieve some financial strain households may be feeling. New customers must open a new Halifax Ultimate Reward Current Account or Reward Current account using the Current Account Switch Service to qualify for the money. The Reward Account also offers extra perks for customers each calendar month. Customers will need to meet a set of conditions each month to get Rewarded. READ MORE: Universal Credit claimants could get an extra £500 if they have a child - can you apply? Customers also get the chance to get a further 15 percent in cash back by shopping with selected retailers such as Sainsbury’s or Costa Coffee. The cash back earned will be paid into one’s current account at the end of the following month. To qualify for cash back, Britons need to be over 18 and registered for online banking. People will not qualify for the offer if they received cash back for switching to Halifax since April 2020 or if they are switching to a Halifax Current Account, Basic Account, Student Account or Youth Account. The Halifax Reward Current Account and Ultimate Reward Account have been rated as excellent by finance experts at Moneyfacts. Rachel Springall, finance expert at Moneyfacts.co.uk, said: “This week Halifax has launched a new switching incentive of £125 for consumers who switch to either the Reward Current Account or Ultimate Reward Current Account. “The Reward Current Account may appeal to consumers looking for incentives as this account allows them to choose either a £5 net reward payment or a lifestyle benefit each month. “The account charges a £3 monthly fee, but this is waived for those who can credit the account with at least £1,500 per month. “Those keen to take advantage of the switcher cash will need to do so via the Current Account Switch Service before May 9 2022. On balance, the account earns an Excellent Moneyfacts product rating.” Account benefits include: It’s not the only bank to offer money for switching. Both first direct and Santander are currently offering £130 to switch.