To recognise Queen Elizabeth II serving as the monarch for 70 years, a special four-day bank holiday weekend will take place this week. Street parties and afternoon teas are among the activities many Britons will be getting involved in, to recognise the historic milestone. Decorations and games will be a key part of any gathering, and Express.co.uk has got you covered, with a host of printable activity sheets and bunting to choose from. Anyone who wishes to download the free printables, created by Express.co.uk, can do so by following this link. To help keep yourself and the children occupied, there are a host of different activities to browse through. If art is your forte, we’ve got several colouring in sheets to mark the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. READ MORE: Queen spotted at airport as monarch jets off for Jubilee celebrations  Whether you prefer a Jubilee crown, corgi or guardsman, we’ve got all bases covered for some light-hearted fun. A Jubilee crossword will test your knowledge of her Majesty, the Royal Family and all things connected to Buckingham Palace. Or if you think you’re a whizz with words, why not print off our very own commemorative wordsearch? The four-day bank holiday will give Britons a number of opportunities to get involved with celebrations.  And whether you plan to hold a street party or not, our free selection of bunting designs will help to bring a touch of royalty to your home. Throughout 2022, a number of events have been held to mark the Queen becoming the first British monarch to rule for 70 years. The culmination of these celebrations will take place across the bank holiday weekend. On Thursday, June 2, a special Trooping the Colour ceremony will be staged by the 1st Battalion, Irish Guards, and more than 1,200 officers and soldiers from the Household Division.  DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan 'prefers rift'  [LIVE]RAF flypast for Jubilee: When and where to see the Red Arrows  [EXPLAINER]UK town paralysed with fear as sleepy neighbourhood plagued by gangs [NEWS] That same day a number of beacons will be lit, as has been tradition in the UK when celebrating royal jubilees, weddings and coronations. Then, on Friday, June 3, a Service of Thanksgiving for the Queen’s reign will be held at St Paul’s Cathedral. Great Paul, the largest church bell in the country, will be rung for the service. The bell was made in 1882, but fell silent in the 1970s due to a broken mechanism.  It was restored in 2021 and has been rung on eight occasions since, though this is the first royal occasion it will be rung. Her Majesty, accompanied by members of the Royal Family, will attend the Derby at Epsom Downs, on Saturday, June 4. A Platinum Party at Buckingham Palace will follow shortly afterwards, and be broadcast live to the nation, across the BBC network. The celebration will see famous faces from the world of entertainment brought together to perform for a night of musical tributes, in celebration of the Jubilee. Around 22,000 people will attend the event, including 10,000 allocated in a public ballot and 5,000 tickets for key workers. 