Most passengers pack more items than necessary when taking a trip, and when their suitcases sit on the weighing scales at the check-in desk, there is a moment of silence before the weight is displayed - are they over or under the baggage allowance? A former flight attendant took to TikTok to share a clever travelling hack for anyone whose suitcase tips the scales, and it involves a pillowcase. Kat Kamalani, who goes by the TikTok username @katkamalani has 822,600 followers and 20.8 million likes. Her account is full of short videos related to self love, health, living your best life and travelling. In a previous video, she shared a “game changer” hack to try and escape paying for excess baggage, without leaving anything behind. She explained: “This hack will save you if you ever have baggage that is overweight while travelling. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares how to get free upgrade to First Class “This hack works the best when you’re travelling home from vacation. “You always want to carry a pillowcase in your bag because if your bags are overweight you can stuff your pillowcase full of clothes and use it as a pillow on the aircraft. “This is seriously a game changer to avoid those fees for overweight bags.” In the video, Kat demonstrated stuffing loads of clothes into an empty pillowcase before boarding her flight. DON'T MISS...Travellers face 'absolute chaos' as airport stretch outside [NEWS]DEAL OF THE DAY: Princess Cruises launches deals on 2023 sailings [OFFER]Wonder of the Seas: A trip on the world’s biggest cruise [REVIEW] The video gained lots of comments. Someone asked: “Will this actually work? Will it count as a personal item?” And Kat replied: “Nope! Not a personal item.” Another offered their own suggestion to make the pillowcase more genuine: “Pro tip, instead of a traditional pillow, use a pillowcase cover because they have zippers on them.” A second chimed: “YES! Took zippered pillow case filled with our beach towels that I ran out of room for & travel blankets. Used both ways. Does not count as personal!” One TikTok user revealed their hack: “I take a suit bag and I place as many jackets and sweaters in it and stuff it’s pockets with your socks and what not.” This hack could save tourists lots of money when it comes to baggage check-in. The cheapest seats on budget airline, easyJet, only allow passengers to bring one small carry-on bag which has to fit under the seat in front, and an additional accessory such as a laptop or handbag for free. Every item of standard checked hold baggage incurs a fee, payable at the time of booking or at the airport for a higher charge. The total hold baggage allowance is 20kg per person. British Airways, on the other hand, allow up to 23kg of carry-on luggage, and 23kg to 32kg for a suitcase which is checked in and put into the hold. Ryanair passengers are permitted to check-in up to three bags with a maximum combined weight of 15kg, subject to the payment of the applicable checked baggage fees. The airline also offers a discounted checked baggage fee for those travellers paying online in advance. Passengers who wish to check-in baggage do not qualify for online check-in and must check in at the airport and pay the appropriate airport check-in fee.