Manchester United endured yet more humiliation as they were thumped 4-0 by Brighton at the Amex Stadium on Saturday. Goals from Moises Caicedo, Marc Cucurella, Pascal Gross and Leandro Trossard saw the Seagulls run riot against the Red Devils whose catastrophic campaign continued. United produced one of their best displays under Ralf Rangnick with a 3-0 triumph over Brentford at Old Trafford on Monday, but were handed an early setback on the South Coast. Caicedo - a self-proclaimed United fan - opened the scoring for the Seagulls with a quarter of an hour played, punishing the Red Devils for their decision to snub him last year. The Ecuadorian midfielder picked up a loose ball on the edge of United's area before promptly finding the bottom left-hand corner with a fizzed low effort. Marc Cucurella then compounded matters early in the second half, smashing home Trossard's cut-back. Pascal Gross slalomed through United's disorderly defence to add a third before Trossard got himself in on the action, bundling home a fourth with only an hour on the clock. Express Sport take a look at five things we learned as United's capitulation saw them fall to a fifth successive Premier League away defeat in the most spectacular fashion. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings  It came as quite the surprise that Brighton won the race to sign highly-rated Ecuadorian midfielder Caicedo in January of 2021 as a number of the Premier League's biggest hitters circled. Among those were United, however, they reportedly opted against signing the youngster - a decision which they may well be rueing. However, the Red Devils loss has proven to be Brighton's gain. The 20-year-old has now started six successive Premier League matches and continues to be fulfilling his early promise. Caicedo, who has previously admitted playing for United would be a "dream", opened the scoring at the Amex as he set about showing Saturday's opponents why they were wrong to have snubbed him last season. The midfielder may only have made a handful of Premier League appearances so far but he's already proving he can cut it in English's football's top-flight. A very bright future awaits. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag  United's display against Brighton on Saturday evening was yet more evidence that the Red Devils are in dire need of a Nemanja Matic upgrade. The 33-year-old is another who will depart the club on the expiry of his contract this summer having long passed his peak. In his Premier League pomp, which arguably came back during his Chelsea days, the Serbian was an almighty presence in the heart of midfield, capable of breaking up play and controlling a game's tempo. These days, the ageing Matic has lost his pace and power - two qualities United must ensure his successor possesses. This summer, the arrival of Erik ten Hag should mark the dawn of a new era at the club and see several new faces spruce up a struggling squad. One of those must be a powerful presence in midfield who can dominate opponents; a player in the mould of Matic but fresher, stronger and, ultimately, better.   There's no getting away from the fact that incoming manager Ten Hag has plenty to address when he arrives at United this summer, but among his most pressing concerns will be the club's away form. The Red Devils have seen their hopes of a top-four Premier League finish and subsequent qualification for next season's Champions League crash and burn in recent months, and performances on the road are a significant factor in that. Heading into the Brighton clash, United were on a run of four consecutive away league defeats, the club's worst run since the 1980s. At the Amex on Saturday, that shocking streak was stretched to five. United once again produced another flat display, devoid of fight, energy and desire. The United of old were disciplined and dug deep in order to grind out results on the road, but these days, they possesses very little spirit. Don't even get us started on the defence...  Over five months into his United tenure and Rangnick is still looking for his preferred starting XI. This week has seen Juan Mata given a surprise recall as the German has continued to search for an elusive winning formula. However, on Saturday, the Spaniard's inclusion had an adverse affect on Bruno Fernandes in particular. In order to accommodate the soon-to-be-departing 34-year-old midfielder, Fernandes was shifted out on to the left wing - a move which failed spectacularly. The Portuguese playmaker found himself stifled on Saturday as he struggled to impact the game from out wide. Granted, Fernandes has failed to produce his best in a United shirt this season, but at the peak of his powers, the 27-year-old is one of the Premier League's most creative midfielders from a central position. The Red Devils should be building a team around him, not nullifying his impact by playing him out of position in order to accommodate an ageing Mata who is on his way out.  With Brighton on track for their highest ever Premier League finish, a special mention must go out to Yves Bissouma. The Malian midfielder has continued to impress in the heart of Graham Potter's midfield this season and the Seagulls will do well to keep hold of him this summer. The 25-year-old has reportedly attracted interest from numerous Premier League clubs, including the likes of Arsenal, Tottenham and Newcastle. However, the Red Devils could do far worse than making a move for the midfielder themselves. The all-action Bissouma is an energetic presence in the centre of the park and his range of impressive attributes have unsurprisingly caught the eye of countless suitors. The Seagulls star once again shone in Brighton's win over United on Saturday, underlining why he is so sought-after and confirming he's ready to make a much-needed step up this summer. 