Mikel Arteta has conceded Arsenal may be powerless at times to stopping their best players from leaving the club. Arteta insisted he wants to be in control of deciding when his stars leave the Emirates but cannot help if another club can offer a more lucrative deal. Arteta, who has signed a new contract to keep him at Arsenal until 2025, has spoken at his pre-match press conference ahead of Sunday's clash against Leeds. The Spaniard was asked about reported interest in the likes of defender Gabriel from Juventus. In his first response, Arteta said that he wants to keep hold of his first-team regulars and also add more quality in the upcoming transfer windows. He said: "Well what we want to do we want to improve the team, the squad and obviously we know that there's not a player that doesn't have a margin to improve or envolve in his way of playing and his career. "So we want to retain our best players for sure and we're going to add into that more quality and depth to be more competitive." Arteta was then asked if Arsenal are wary of not repeating past sales such as Cesc Fabregas, Samir Nasri and Emmanuel Adebayor during their early days at the Emirates. READ MORE: Man Utd may sign another Carlos Tevez to be Erik ten Hag’s modern striker  The 40-year-old again stated his stance that he wants his best players to stay. However, he admits other clubs can offer a higher "competition level" which can see some stars move on. Arteta replied: "Well what we have to be really prepared [for] is when we're going to do that and why we're going to do that, and we can control the timings and we can have the decision-making on when is the right time to do it and be prepared for that. So sometimes it is inevitable because you cannot offer the same competition level as they've been offered or because you think it is the right moment to make a move. "But in principle we want to maintain our best players and keep them and get better." Arsenal are hoping to take a firm grip on fourth spot in the Premier League when relegation-threatened Leeds visit north London. DON'T MISSChelsea tipped to sign 'new Varane' as Antonio Rudiger replacement [QUOTES]Napoli star Osimhen 'chooses' between Arsenal and Manchester United transfer [GOSSIP]Liverpool's five-year plan under Klopp complete after 'comedic' Tottenham show [COMMENT]  Arteta confirmed Ben White could be back in contention as long as he gets through training on Saturday after missing the win at West Ham with a tight hamstring. Arteta also opened up on the club's decision to hand him a new deal before the end of the season. He said: "The club was so decisive and committed to do it now. "They wanted to bring clarity for the project and not have to worry about that in the summer." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 