The supermarket is recalling some of its chicken sandwich range due to a potential salmonella risk. Customers are being urged not to consume 10 of Waitrose’s chicken sandwiches and wrap lines. The shop has told anyone who has brought the product to return the items to store for a full refund, amid a “precautionary measure” recall. A Waitrose spokesperson said: “We're recalling 10 of our Waitrose chicken sandwich and wrap lines — with Use By dates up to and including 14 May — due to a potential Salmonella risk. “Customers should not consume these items and should return them to us for a full refund. “We are very sorry for the inconvenience.” Among those being recalled is the Waitrose roast chicken salad with salad cream sandwich, the roast chicken & stuffing sandwich and the Waitrose chicken & bacon caesar wrap. Among those being recalled is the Waitrose roast chicken salad with salad cream sandwich, the roast chicken & stuffing sandwich and the Waitrose chicken & bacon caesar wrap. The issue is thought to be due to an issue from a supplier. It comes following the removal of other chicken offerings sold at high street retailers. Pret A Manger has removed all chicken products from its online menu - sparking fears they have also been hit with salmonella issues. READ MORE: 'I'll take no lectures from the left!' Lee Anderson defends comments Items such as a chicken caesar baguette are not available, while newly advertised options including a sriracha chicken salad wrap also don’t feature on the website. Meanwhile, Aldi has recalled its chicken and bacon caesar wraps. Sainsbury's was also impacted by the poultry crisis and had to withdraw its own cooked chicken offerings. A Sainsbury's spokesperson said in a Tweet: “We are recalling the majority of Sainsbury's and Taste the Difference chicken sandwiches, chicken wraps, chicken sandwich platters and some of our cooked chicken.” Described as a precautionary measure, the supermarket chain added: “Our supplier has alerted us that salmonella has been detected in some batches of cooked chicken.” DON'T MISS Angela Rayner tears into Tory MP over '30p a day meals' [INSIGHT] UK supermarkets hike food prices by 30 percent [REVEAL] Sainsbury’s, Aldi, M&S and more recall several chicken products [REPORT] Issues of Sainsbury’s cooked chicken supply were tweeted about by a number of users, including one who claimed he had been “blocked” from purchasing some products. Geoff Wilkinson wrote: “Tried to buy cooked chicken at @sainsburys tonight and it’s been blocked at the till from being sold – anyone else found issues? Apparently all cooked chicken is blocked from sale including chicken sandwiches?” While Sarah Marshall added: “I saw two staff members removing loads of chicken products from the shelves this evening, they were being 'destroyed' - working from a big list. “I managed to buy some but they checked the list first!” Marks & Spencer has also invoked a “precautionary recall” of several chicken products. The chain has said this is due to the possibility a small number of them may contain salmonella. On their website, M&S said they were recalling 12 food products in all. The items include the 14 piece classic sandwich platter and the chicken & bacon caesar wrap.