Coleen Rooney is enjoying a family break in Dubai following the end of the Wagatha Christie case last week. It comes as her footballer husband Wayne Rooney shared a sweet snap of the couple and their four sons abroad yesterday. Sharing the snap with his 15.5 million followers, the sportsman Wayne captioned it with a series of emojis, including a camera, red heart and celebrating hands. It featured the loved-up couple with their four sons, Cass, Kit, Kai and Klay standing in front of them while smiling for the camera. It comes as an insider claims Coleen is reportedly feeling "confident" that she'll win the Wagatha Christie case. The source claimed: "After the trial, Coleen had a cup of tea and packed her bags for holiday, confident she had won. "She has told friends she will be vindicated and she feels relieved that her truth is out there. "This whole saga has been very painful. "She isn't counting her chickens as she knows the ultimate decision lies with the judge – but she's adamant she has told the truth throughout and that justice will prevail," they told the Sunday Mirror. Last week, the couple skipped the last day of the trial to jet off for the family break. Rebekah Vardy arrived at the High Court alone. At the time, an insider explained that the couple thought the case would be over and didn't want to disappoint their four sons. "It’s been a long and gruelling process for both Wayne and Coleen and they didn’t want to disappoint their children," the source claimed to MailOnline. Rebekah arrived on the last day of the trial at 10am without her husband Jamie, as he was playing for Leicester City in their game against Chelsea. Rebekah is suing Coleen for libel after the mother of four accused her of leaking information from her private Instagram account to The Sun. After sharing the sun-soaked family holiday pic, fans of the former footballer flocked to the post to comment. Former Emmerdale star Kelvin Fletcher liked the sweet snap, while Steven Gerrard left two heart emojis. Footballing star Philip Nevile did the same, which broadcaster Ian Wright left a heart face. Coleen has maintained her silence throughout the court case, posting on Instagram to pay tribute to her mum on her birthday. She shared an adorable picture with her mum for her birthday in view of her 925,000 Instagram followers. Coleen captioned the picture: “Happy Birthday to an extremely special person, My Mum. “Have the best time celebrating, I love you so much and appreciate everything you do for me and us all.”