Lewis Hamilton has been told he has a “big open opportunity” at the Monaco Grand Prix this weekend. Damon Hill believes that the seven-time world champion has a chance of success, especially with rain forecast for race day. Hill told Sky Sports News: “I think anything is possible in Monaco honestly. I know it has a reputation for not being such a great race, but qualifying is one of the most exciting shows we have in Formula One. “I just can’t think of anything that compares to the last few minutes of qualifying in Monaco and if you can get it hooked up around here you can find time. “It helps to have a good car, I think Ferraris will be very good here and Charles Leclerc on his home soil, but I think Lewis has got a chance. Anyone who has got a decent car has got a chance, and I think they have got rain forecast for Sunday so there again, it’s a big open opportunity for anyone.” Despite an improved performance at the Spanish Grand Prix, there is a chance that fellow Mercedes driver George Russell could finish above Hamilton this season. Russell is currently fourth in the overall standings, two places and 28 points ahead of Hamilton. Praising Russell, Hill said: “I think George is very talented, and I think Lewis understands that. He knows he is up against someone who has a gift, just like he has and the difference between George and Lewis is that Lewis has proved it repeatedly over many seasons, he has won seven world championships and hundreds of Grand Prix. “That is the big difference but I think that is part of the excitement of the sport, I don’t think Lewis is frightened of that challenge and he was certainly a bit downbeat in the early part of the season, understandably after having lost out on an eighth world title through some hiccup.” The 1996 Formula One world champion also offered a solution to Hamilton’s jewellery row, as his two-race grace period ends this weekend. Hamilton will be hoping for success in Monaco amid his row with the FIA over his jewellery and piercings. The Englishman had been told that he could face repercussions if he did not remove them ahead of the Monaco Grand Prix, but he took part in the first free practice session on Friday. The session did not start well for Hamilton though, who bemoaned the bouncing on the track and launched into an X-rated rant on his team radio as he suffered difficulties during the first session. Leclerc finished first on his home turf, with Sergio Perez second and Carlos Sainz third.