Shopping for everyday groceries is a necessity most Britons do at least once a week. Record levels of inflation have swelled the prices of goods, from fruit and vegetables to meat and fish. Now, research by the Office for National Statistics (ONS) has shown just how much of a hike the cost of a trip to the supermarket has taken. The ONS study was based on “web-scraped supermarket data for 30 everyday grocery items”, between April 2021 and 2022. Figures that were provided in the research were described as “highly experimental”. It revealed the lowest-priced items had increased in cost by around as much as average food and non-alcoholic drinks prices. Five items saw their prices rise by 15 percent or more, while six items fell in value over the course of the year.  READ MORE: Family on Champions League 'horror film' as 'hundreds with Stanley kni The difference between the lowest cost version of an item and the next lowest cost version of it was usually large. For more than two-thirds of the items monitored, the next item was at least 20 percent more expensive. The following items rose in price by 15 percent or more:  Other items which also grew in value were:  DON'T MISS: Prince William sparks royal frenzy as he jokes with Mike Tindall [ANALYSIS]Netflix will be MOVED ON if cameras film Meghan and Harry at Jubilee [INSIGHT]Royal Mail Brexit fury as company charges tax on items Britons own [NEWS] Meanwhile, the six items which fell in value were:  UK inflation has reached its highest point for 40 years, it was revealed in May. Inflation now stands at nine percent, and the Bank of England warned it might reach 10 percent within months. The term stands for the rate at which prices are rising. For example, if the price of a pint of milk is £1 and inflation grows by seven percent, then its value will swell to £1.07. Rising fuel prices and energy bills are being blamed as the main causes of rising inflation. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine is further exacerbating issues, as more countries seek to wean off their dependency from Russian oil and gas. 