The German leader has been one of the most vehement opponents of Boris Johnson's quest to renegotiate the hated Brexit Protocol with the EU. Reacting to Foreign Secretary Liz Truss' threat of unilaterally dismissing the Protocol, Mr Scholz said earlier this month: "No one should unilaterally cancel, break or in any way attack the settlement we have agreed together, especially because we know that this is a complex issue which is not only about the relationship between the European Union and the United Kingdom, but also has to do with the peaceful development of Ireland." He added: "It has always been important that we find a comprehensive solution that meets all these requirements at the same time, and that is what we are committed to, without change." The protocol is aimed at avoiding a hard border with Ireland but has created a series of economic barriers to Irish Sea trade. The UK Government last week announced its intention to table legislation at Westminster that would override parts of the protocol without the approval of the EU, amid the ongoing power-sharing impasse at Stormont. The ongoing row with Brussels has sparked criticism in Ireland. Last week, Ireland's foreign affairs minister accused the British Government of pushing a "disingenuous" and "dangerous" claim that the Northern Ireland Protocol is incompatible with the Good Friday Agreement. Simon Coveney told the Irish parliament it is "deeply disappointing" that the Westminster Government plans to move forward with legislation to unilaterally override parts of the protocol. He said that is against the spirit of the Good Friday Agreement, which has embedded Northern Ireland's peace process. READ MORE: Nadine Dorries fires back at Andrew Neil in TikTok rap battle row  The Fine Gael minister said: "The British Government now claim that implementing the protocol, that we agreed together, is incompatible with the Good Friday Agreement. "This is disingenuous and it's dangerous. I find it deeply disappointing that the British Government has said it intends to table legislation in the coming weeks that will unilaterally disapply elements of the protocol, which is now international law. "This action is contrary to the spirit of the Good Friday Agreement, where genuine trust and partnership between both governments have time and time again proved crucial to share progress. DON'T MISS:Europeans toast Britain as Scholz and Macron flounder [INSIGHT]100 migrants to get removal notices for Rwanda ‘in days’ [VIDEO]Vladimir Putin left reeling after Ukraine wipe out Russian supply base [ANALYSIS] "As the protocol is an integral part of an international agreement, such action would amount to a serious violation of international law also. "I've urged the British Government to reconsider, to weigh the risks that would flow from unilateral action, and to step back from this course of action as they have done previously. "Unilateral action is contrary to the wishes of the majority of people and businesses in Northern Ireland." In a message to the unionist community, Mr Coveney said the EU has "consistently negotiated" with the British Government to address genuine concerns, and the ball is now in the UK's court.