Lewis Hamilton has hit back at the FIA’s new jewellery crackdown ahead of the Monaco Grand Prix, claiming ‘too much time’ had been spent discussing the issue. Hamilton’s two-race exemption was expected to come to an end this weekend meaning he would have faced penalties.  But, reports suggest the FIA have extended his exemption until the end of June.  Speaking Friday morning, Hamilton said: “There’s way too much time and energy been given to this. “I’ve said everything I feel I need to say. I’ve taken out the studs out every time I’ve been out in the car.” Hamilton was initially given a two-race exemption for the Miami and Spanish Grands Prix after meeting with the FIA’s medical team. It was claimed Hamilton had pieces of jewellery which were difficult to remove straight away which is why he was given some extra races to comply with the guidelines. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton offered new solution to jewellery row by Damon Hill  It was expected Hamilton would be penalised for wearing jewellery this weekend but his new extension means any punishments won’t come into effect until the British Grand Prix. However, jewellery has been one of the biggest talking points at the last few races as the war wages on. Hamilton previously said: “When they told me about the jewellery, they were saying safety is everything. I said, 'Well, what’s happened for the last 16 years? I’ve had jewellery on for 16 years. So was safety not an issue back then?' “I feel like it’s almost like a step backwards, if you think about the steps we are taking as a sport, and the more important causes that we need to be focused on. I think we’ve made really great strides as a sport. This is such a small thing.” DON'T MISSHamilton could be banned for British GP as FIA 'set new deadline' [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton could cause ‘huge shock’ by not racing at Monaco GP [INSIGHT]FIA set to face big Lewis Hamilton question ahead of Monaco Grand Prix [ANALYSIS] The FIA has highlighted the possible safety concerns of wearing jewellery behind the wheel. The governing body claimed jewellery can ‘hinder medical interventions’ while adding it could cause ‘delay’ to treatments. The FIA added jewellery ‘can reduce the protection’ of safety equipment. It said: “Metallic objects, such as jewellery, in contact with the skin can reduce heat transmission protection and thus may increase the risk of burn injuries in the event of a fire." Race director Niels Wittich has even warned drivers could be checked before the start of a race to ensure they were not wearing anything which is banned. In his pre-event notes in Australia, Wittich said: “The wearing of jewellery in the form of body piercing or metal neck chains is prohibited during the competition and may therefore be checked before the start.”  