A bit belatedly, she says wanting to be "really thin" is an "old-fashioned attitude" and that women today would rather look curvy. She was promoting her own new collection of body-conscious dresses - ie they cling stubbornly to every bulge of your sorry bod. In a savvy stunt to attract the average size 16 British woman she says that: "The curvier you are, the better my VB Body dresses look." Hmm. That's a bit rich coming from a woman who only ever eats grilled fish and steamed vegetables, and whose idea of comfort food is a slice of "wholegrain toast with salt on it". Mmm. My favourite. However, she has a point. The once fashionable waif look does seem a bit desperate now. My daughter is in the business of fitness and nutrition and she says her clients want healthy, well-nourished bodies, not the stick-thin appearance which inspires many eating disorders. Victoria's daughter, Harper, is now 10, and in photos she looks pretty and happy. But imagine growing up with a high-fashion mother known for her extreme slenderness. That's a difficult role model for any young girl, and I wonder if Mrs B's new preoccupation with curves is down to a realisation that Harper is on the cusp of adolescence. In Miami, where husband David owns a football team, VB says women are "really curvy" and "walk along Miami Beach with not a lot of clothes on, and they look fantastic. As a mother, I loved the fact that Harper was around women who were really celebrating their curves." Not that I can imagine the elegant victorian on South Beach, topless in a tiny thong. I don't think she'll be putting her money where her mouth is anytime soon, but we live in hope. She says she wants a bigger bottom. She's welcome to mine. ---------- My goodness, Her Majesty likes to keep us on our toes. Last week we bewailed her absence from The State Opening of Parliament, her son Charles gazing sadly at the crown on a table where the Queen should have been sitting in splendour on her throne. It seemed like a sorrowful glimpse into the not-too-distant future. But then up she pops days later wreathed in smiles at the Platinum Jubilee Celebrations, clearly having the time of her life. And on Tuesday she trumped her son by unexpectedly turning up to open Crossrail's new Elizabeth Line, unveiling the plaque that Edward was down to do in her absence. What's more, in her yellow coat and hat, she looked like the goddess of summer. Is Her Maj having a laugh, cocking a snook at the world by doing what she darn well wants? I hope so. She deserves it. ---------- Hepeating, when a woman comes up with an idea that everyone ignores, and a few minutes later a man repeats the same idea and everyone loves it, is the latest example of patronising manspeak. We've all been there. But mansplaining is still the ultimate way of talking down to women. I once did a live TV interview with a windbag politician who told me that expediency was paramount. I asked him to explain. He replied, "Well, paramount means more important than anything else, and expedience means haste, or urgency." I kid you not. ----------