The Duchess, 40, will make the trip back to London along with Prince Harry for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations in early June. The couple will also bring their two children, Archie and Lilibet, for the series of events marking the Queen’s seventieth year on the throne. But Professor Cele Otnes, Royal Family branding and marketing expert, predicted that the Duchess of Sussex will not feel the need to adhere to the protocols applying to members of the Firm during the engagements. Professor Otnes told Express.co.uk: “At this point, I think we can expect that whatever fashion statements Meghan makes will reflect the Meghan Brand, and not the Royal brand. “I don’t think she regards herself as under any strictures regarding the RF dress code – either in the US and probably not or in the UK.” After much speculation surrounding whether Meghan and Harry would return to UK turf for the Jubilee, a spokesperson for the Sussexes confirmed they were “excited and honoured” to make the trip. However, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will not appear alongside remaining Royal Family members during the Queen’s Trooping the Colour parade, Buckingham Palace said. Only working members of the Royal Family, among which the Sussexes nor Prince Andrew are counted, will stand out on the Palace’s balcony. A spokesperson confirmed: “After careful consideration, the Queen has decided this year's traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday June 2 will be limited to Her Majesty and those members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of the Queen." Royal author Ian Lloyd has previously told Express.co.uk that, during the Jubilee events, “the focus has to be on the Queen”, rather than the attention zeroing in on Meghan and Harry. READ MORE: Royal Family: Major first as Queen hands William huge new role He said that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s presence should not mean they “distract” from the monarch during the historic celebrations. He added: “That could be anything from as small as not having a fabulous outfit, in Meghan’s case, that seems to overshadow the occasion.” The pair may be criticised if “Meghan tried to steal the limelight”, and the couple would be “ill-advised to say anything to try to stand out”, Mr Lloyd claimed. To make any grand gestures or speeches, he added, would not be Harry’s “place”, because the Jubilee celebrations are “not his time to shine”. DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry relationship timeline [REVEAL] Royal Family LIVE: 'Learning to know better' Harry speaks out [LIVE] Queen's relationship with William has 'improved' as views 'align' [INSIGHT] The Sussexes should “aim to fit in” and attend “discreetly”, he continued. The Duke and Duchess last came to the UK in a brief visit to the Queen, ahead of visiting the Hague for the Invictus Games last month. Since the Sussexes stepped down as senior working royals in 2020, Prince Harry has scarcely returned. Meghan is not thought to have flown back to the UK since the couple relocated to California over two years ago. Recalling the brief meeting before they continued on to the Netherlands, Prince Harry said his grandmother was on “great form”. He added: “She’s always got a great sense of humour with me and I’m just making sure that she’s protected and got the right people around her. “Both Meghan and I had tea with her, so it was really nice to catch up with her.”