Kim (played by Claire King) is currently unaware her son, Jamie Tate (Alexander Lincoln) is alive and did not die in a car crash last year on Emmerdale. Gabby Thomas (Rosie Bentham), Dawn Taylor (Olivia Bromley), Will Taylor (Dean Andrews) and Harriet Finch (Katherine Dow Blyton) are the only other characters on the ITV soap who know the former villager has been lying. As the truth is likely to unravel in the coming weeks and months, Kim will surely want revenge on those who have lied to her for so long and to start with, she could claim Thomas Tate as her own. The actress who plays Gabby, Rosie, spoke with Express.co.uk and other media and hinted a twist like this could be on the horizon. Rosie explained why her character has been lying, stating: "Gabby's been really selfish with this because we all know Kim is a very, very powerful woman. "When she wants something, she is going to get it and if she wants to find out where Jamie is, where he's been and she will want him back at Home Farm. "Kim is so impulsive for all we know she could bring Jamie back and Jamie can work his little magic and worm his way back in and take Gabby's place. "And taking custody of Thomas and that will lead Gabby right back to rock bottom again," she remarked, teasing Jamie could be the one to take her character's son away from her. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Murder rocks the village as Moira Barton kills again However, it could be Kim who turns the tables on both Gabby and Jamie as she could decide she doesn't want her grandson being raised by liars. Taking Thomas away from Gabby would be revenge for her keeping Kim in the dark about Jamie being alive but the villain's revenge against her son will be a little more calculating. Knowing Thomas is the only thing that matters to Jamie, Kim could swoop in once she has her son living back under her roof and explains she thinks it's best she becomes the child's legal guardian. Using her expert powers of manipulation, she could convince Jamie this way, Gabby wouldn't be able to take the baby back as she would know the Tates have too much money. Caught up in the whirlwind of returning to the village and feeling he needs his mother on his side, he could agree to give her custody. It could dawn on him, however, he has been played when he realises his mother is keeping Thomas away from him and won't let him spend quality time with him. Despite managing to pull the wool over her eyes for the best part of a year he was dead, Jamie could make his biggest error to date by signing the papers. With Thomas solely in Kim's care, she could do whatever she wanted with him, as Gabby would have been ruled out as being a mother because the villain would have painted a very murky picture of her for the court. As it would seem his return from beyond the grave hasn't been as successful as he had hoped, Jamie would have to think up a whole new plan to get his son back. Adding to this theory about Kim taking Thomas, Rosie said: "I think it might be a mistake in the long run not telling Kim [Jamie is alive]." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale star Liam Fox shows off fairytale home with co-star wife [PICTURES]Danny Miller's depression forced him to halt Emmerdale filming [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock 'shocked' over 'sheer weight' of stroke plot [COMMENT] "Because I think Gabby is going to regret it because she'll have a lot of explaining to do if it comes out Gabby has known all this time," Rosie explained. "I think she's worried about how Kim is going to react [when she discovers Jamie is alive] and what Kim can do with her powers." At the moment, it seems Jamie's return to the village might not even happen as Will has ordered a hitman to find his son-in-law-to-be. He knows how much trouble the villain's son has caused her and he doesn't want him messing up her life any more than he already has done. It's not yet been revealed if Jamie could return in a body bag or if the hitman will bring his hostage to the village. Rosie is keen to have the actor who plays Jamie, Alexander, back on set as he hasn't been a part of the cast for almost seven months. Speaking in light of the discovery the father of her son is still alive, the Gabby star said: "Jamie coming back would kick off a lot of drama. "There could be a custody battle for Thomas, if he comes back he'll want one thing only and that's Home Farm. "It's been left as a little 'What's going to happen?' And I think it'll be really good. I'd love to see Alex [Lincoln] back. "He was good fun and it would be a lot of drama, which would be good. And he hasn't even met the baby yet, so he needs to come back and be a dad." Taking to Twitter, viewers have been sharing their thoughts on the troublesome father and heir to the Tate throne returning to the village. Claire wrote: "How the hell are they going to finish this Jamie storyline? Unless there's a surprise return, he's gone for good #emmerdale." Jeanie added: "I'd like to see the return of dishy Jamie. And it'd be nice for Kim Tate to get her son back #emmerdale." Elizabeth shared: "#emmerdale I can't wait for Jamie Tate to return to Emmerdale to take his son Tom from evil Gabby." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.