London Fire Brigade has confirmed the fire in a third floor flat in Lewisham on Stanstead Road. On Twitter, the force said: "Firefighters are tackling a fire in a third floor flat, where part of the roof is alight. There is traffic disruption in the local area impacting the the South Circular between Elsinmore Road and the B128 Junction."  The Brigade was called at 8.52am. Fire crews from Forest Hill, Lewisham, Greenwich and other surrounding fire stations were at the scene. Six fire engines and around 40 firefighters responded. The cause of the fire is under investigation. London Fire Brigade confirmed there were no casualties. Shaughna Phillips, a contestant from season six of the reality show Love Island, said she was in the area thanked the fire service on Twitter. She said: "Smell of smoke literally woke me up coughing in my cab and I was just in the surrounding area of the Lewisham fire, terrifying to think what it would be like to be trapped." She added: "Horrible scenes, hope everyone got out okay, and as always, thank you for being the ones racing towards danger." READ MORE: Meghan's peck with Prince Harry shows much more 'dominant' Duchess    Traffic was disrupted in the area. The London traffic service Jambuster reported minor delays in the area on its website. It said: "[A205] Stanstead Road (Both directions) at the junction of [B218] Brockley Rise - Road is currently closed following a building fire. "Traffic is generally flowing well on diversion routes, minor delays for A205 eastbound travel on Waldram Park Road however, A205 westbound travel on Stanstead Road is currently slow moving from Catford Hill and southbound Brockley Rise is also slow moving from Brockley Rise Roundabout." London Fire Brigade has reported that the fire is now under control and that firefighters would remain at the scene. It said: "The flat fire on Stanstead Road in #Lewisham is now under control. Firefighters will remain at the scene to dampen down the area. There were no reports of any injuries." A spokesperson for London Fire Brigade said that the traffic disruption could continue for some time until crews had left the scene. 