Liverpool have been told that a move for Tottenham Hotspur striker Harry Kane would “make a lot of sense” if Sadio Mane does leave the club this summer. Former Reds goalkeeper David James has identified the England captain as a possible replacement for Mane, despite admitting Kane would not be a perfect fit for Liverpool. Mane may leave Anfield this summer, as the 30-year-old teased a possible exit to reporters before the Champions League final defeat to Real Madrid and has been strongly linked with a move to Bayern Munich. James believes that while he is not a like-for-like replacement, his former side should look at Kane this summer. He told GGRecon: “If Liverpool were to show an interest and require his talents then it would make a lot of sense. “If you’re losing Mane, I wouldn’t say Harry Kane is the perfect fit. Because Mane and Kane do play differently, what you’re looking at is an alternative. And I suppose for Liverpool they possibly need an alternative not strictly just because of Mane but after finishing second again in the Premier League. “It is a fantastic achievement, but something has to change to win the Premier League, when Man City have had four of the last five. “So yes, why not? I love Harry Kane. I’d love him to stay at Tottenham for the rest of his career and one thing that might deter that move is the fact that Spurs have qualified for the Champions League now and Antonio Conte seems to have, dare I say, his mojo back, with what he’s done for Tottenham this year. But yeah, one side of me wants Harry Kane to stay at Tottenham forever.” Despite James’ plea for Liverpool to move for Kane, his Tottenham team-mate Son Heung-min appears to be the player Jurgen Klopp’s club had targeted before Spurs and Antonio Conte secured a Champions League place next season with their top four finish. Football London reporter Alasdair Gold said: “Another bonus of Son's goals and Conte leading Spurs to fourth place is that I understand it stopped Liverpool from making a big summer bid to test Tottenham's resolve to keep the South Korean star. I can't believe they would have accepted it anyway.” Should Liverpool still hold an interest in the South Korea captain, who recently surprised many with his pick for the best player in the world, Express Sport has looked at three players that the Reds could offer Tottenham in a potential swap deal. Son outscored Kane this season as he shared the Premier League Golden Boot with Liverpool star Mohamed Salah, as the prolific duo both finished the season with 23 goals.