In the UK, a television licence is required to watch programming as it is being broadcast or to stream live content. The levy is also needed to watch the BBC or watch content on BBC iPlayer with money from the fee going towards the public broadcaster. TV Licensing is responsible for managing the fee, however the Government is in charge of setting any discounts or concessions. As it stands, the current cost of a television licence is £159 per household which covers all devices. This means that if someone were to successfully apply for a refund they would get £159 back. Households which qualify for a blind TV licence are able to claim a 50 percent discount on the levy. Recently, the Government announced a two-year freeze on the licence fee as it explores alternative funding options for the BBC. READ MORE: Couple in shock as they realise they've spent £2,000 on just one trip to museum For the time being, this means that the maximum amount of money someone can claim back on a refund is £159. Households can apply for a refund on their television licence if they will not need it again before its expiration date. However, each household must also have at least one complete month left in order to claim the refund. As well as this, households can apply for a refund if their licence expired less than two years ago.  Those who claim the blind discount or are over the age of 75 are able to apply for the refund at any time, no matter how long they have left on their licence. Applicants for the refund will not need to calculate out how much they are owed as this will be done for them by TV Licensing. During the refund application, claimants should include the name on their TV Licence, address and postcode. Furthermore, they should also include the date from when they no longer need the licence within the application. On the TV Licensing website, advice is offered on how the refund process works and which households are eligible. The authority states: “You can apply for a refund up to 14 days before the date you no longer need the TV Licence. “If your licence has already expired, you can apply if less than two years have passed since the expiry date. “There’s a short form to fill in and we may ask for evidence to support your refund request. “We aim to process and issue refunds within 21 days of receiving your application. “Any refund due to you will be paid to you by either a cheque or by BACS transfer directly into your bank account.” Those who are not eligible for a refund can still cancel their licence online via the TV Licensing website. People who are moving home are encouraged to move their licence to the correct address and not request a refund.