Ed Davey was put on the spot over the numbers being thrown about by the Liberal Democrats and Labour regarding the household impact of a rise in National Insurance and income tax. Mr Davey was confronted over the figures which BBC Breakfast host Sally Nugent argued had left people "confused and a little bit overwhelmed." Mr Davey was asked on BBC Breakfast: "You're saying that income tax and National Insurance rises believe a typical family £535 a year worse off before VAT. "Now Labour's claiming that that figure is actually over £2500, but the OBR estimate is closer to £800 pounds in the year. "What's right and can you understand why people are confused and a little bit overwhelmed by all of this?" The Liberal Democrat leader replied: "Well, sometimes the figures start at different periods so it's often difficult comparing I get people to a will be a little bit confused.  "What is not confusing is the fact that conservatives are putting taxes up time and time again." He continued: "When Liberal Democrats have said you can afford if you take the right measures, you can afford to have a much fairer system to help families and pensioners that is absolutely affordable. "But there need to be some tough decisions and the Conservatives don't seem to be willing to take that. "They gave in the last budget a tax cut for banks. Why are they refusing to put a windfall tax on the oil and gas companies cutting a tax on banks and not helping millions of families and pensioners?"  It comes as Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng voiced firm opposition to a windfall tax on oil and gas companies despite Chancellor Rishi Sunak raising the possibility. The Cabinet minister was adamant that it would be a "disincentive" to investment by energy giants despite his colleague in the Treasury using the threat to encourage spending, as their profits soar along with customers' bills. But Mr Kwarteng did not rule out that the move, long called for by Labour, is being considered by the Government as a measure to alleviate the cost-of-living crisis. He told Sky's Sophy Ridge on Sunday: "I've never been a supporter of windfall taxes - I've been very clear about that publicly. I think they discourage investment." DON'T MISS:  Nicola Sturgeon confronted with brutal new Indy poll ‘Must be disappoi [REVEAL] Nicola Sturgeon rattled over Scottish IndyRef2 support [INSIGHT] Anna Soubry leads Remainer fury at post-Brexit 'conspiracy of silence'  [SPOTLIGHT] He said on the BBC's Sunday Morning show that "it doesn't make much sense to me to then hit them with a windfall tax which is arbitrary and unexpected". "I don't think that is the right way, but I would say that is not for me. That is for the Chancellor of the Exchequer," he said. Ministers have been resisting taking the action but Mr Sunak caused some surprise by toying with it this week. "If we don't see that type of investment coming forward, and if the companies are not going to make those investments in our country and in our energy security, then of course that's something I would look at," he said in an online discussion.