The Platinum Jubilee is almost upon us and millions of royal fans across the UK will be using the extended bank holiday weekend to celebrate 70 years of Queen Elizabeth II on the throne. Beacons will be lit across the four nations on the evening of June. But where are they taking place, and how can you get involved? What is a beacon lighting? A beacon lighting is a traditional event that takes place every Jubilee and on some other royal events, for example, a milestone birthday of a monarch. Beacons were lit in 1977, 2002 and 2012 to celebrate Elizabeth II’s Silver, Golden and Diamond Jubilees. The official website states: “There is a long tradition of celebrating Royal Jubilees, weddings and coronations with the lighting of beacons. “A beacon chain, once used as a tool for communication, has now become a symbol of unity across towns, borders, countries and continents and is often the central point of focus for any outdoor gathering or celebration.” READ MORE: What royals eat for breakfast - including Charles's 'breakfast box' Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors Anchor Chain will begin the ceremonies in the UK at 9.30pm. Other beacons will be lit at 9.45pm. Beacons along Hadrian’s Wall will be lit at 10pm, with the principal beacon at the Mall in central London. The international beacons will be lit at 9.15pm local time. There are estimated to be more than 2,800 beacon lightings taking place across the UK on the evening of June 2. You can find your nearest beacon lighting using this interactive map: Interactive Map Beacons are not just confined to populous areas, with thousands of beacons also taking place in rural communities across England, Scotland, Northern Ireland and Wales. DON'T MISSQueen given black hair in new Platinum Jubilee portrait [INSIGHT]'Such a power move' How Prince Charles and William honoured the Queen [ANALYSIS]'Charging up her batteries' How Queen is still shaking off Covid [REPORT] Yes, you can! You can still sign up to host a beacon lighting on the official site here: Register Beacon Events — The Queen's Platinum Jubilee Beacons 2022 You can register no later than May 31. According to the website, your ceremony needs to comply with safety measures. The website reads: “Alert the emergency services, including the Fire Brigade, undertake any risk assessments required and ensure everyone involved is happy and familiar with your plans. (This is your responsibility as coordinator).”