Tottenham chief Daniel Levy must back Antonio Conte with a big summer transfer budget, according to Simon Jordan. The former Crystal Palace chairman would like to see Conte be given £150million to put his stamp on the Spurs squad. Tottenham look set to qualify for the Champions League, as victory over Norwich on the final day of the season would secure fourth spot following Arsenal's 2-0 loss at Newcastle on Monday. Reaching Europe's elite club competition would provide extra funds to the north London club. The attraction of playing in the Champions League would also help Spurs bring in a higher quality of player. Spurs chairman Levy has often been cautious in the transfer market but Jordan believes that must now change. Conte was left unhappy with the business the club did in January, failing to land Adama Traore and Luis Diaz. But the outspoken Jordan says the 52-year-old can bring success to Spurs if supported in the right way. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag could bank £40m in transfer kitty as Man Utd outcast 'desperate' for change  He said on talkSPORT: "It's a huge opportunity. They wasted an opportunity in 2019. "They've got it again. They have a real live one in Conte. "I don't always like him, don't always value the way he operates in the media sometimes, but that's football managers, the modern day football manager who seem to be able to do what they want, when they want and how they want. But he is the real one, so you've got to back him if you want him to win something. DON'T MISSMan Utd sent message as Frenkie de Jong and Jurrien Timber agree on Erik ten Hag [TRANSFERS]Chelsea's Todd Boehly takeover may have accidentally been confirmed early [SOCIAL]Newcastle try to 'tempt' Jose Mourinho into leaving Roma despite Eddie Howe heroics [GOSSIP]  "And I do believe that Tottenham can win something under this manager. What that winning looks like, whether that's a League Cup, an FA Cup, a Europa League if they get knocked out of the Champions League, or something more significant in the years to come with the Champions League, I think you've got a live one here. "And it's incumbent on Daniel to get that £40-£50m that the Champions League is going to bring in, on top of the £50m, £60m, £70m, £80m he might have been prepared to give him, I hope Spurs spend £150m and give this guy some proper tools." Spurs have not won any major silverware since 2008. Conte led them to the Carabao Cup semi-final this season but for his former club Chelsea to knock them out 3-0 on aggregate. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 