Jay Blades' latest Channel 5 series, No Place Like Home, explores the presenter's childhood growing up in Hackney and the impact that it had on him. The three-part documentary sees Jay exploring his hometown, reminiscing on old memories and discovering new facts which happened right on his doorstep. Jay's TV career came later in life, to which he revealed he was grateful for and believed it was "meant to be". Jay rose to fame when he joined the heartfelt BBC show The Repair Shop back in 2017 and has since stolen the nation's hearts. Since his time on the show, he has gone on to work on many other projects, which include the Strictly Come Dancing Christmas special and his documentary about his dyslexia. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk and other press, Jay admitted that he was glad his TV success came later in life. He revealed that he wanted people to get to know the "real" Jay, which was the inspiration behind the documentary. READ MORE: Colin Murray to replace Anne Robinson on Countdown in temporary role Trevor Nelson joked with Jay: "It has come you quite late, Jay, you didn't do Blue Peter, or you didn't come through (other shows). "Do you think anyone would have seen you fronting a BBC show that is watched by millions of people?" "No, no one would have seen me fronting a big BBC primetime show," Jay replied. "But I put it down that it came to me late because it was meant to be. "A lot of the people that I spoke to, we are all stars in Hackney, and when it is our time to shine, it will happen.  "And that is all walks of life, and I am proud of Hackney for that," he beamed with pride. During the first episode of the docu-series, Jay made a horrifying discovery when it was revealed to him that his home town had a connection with slave owners. As he spoke to historian Katie Donington while visiting a building he used to walk past as a child but never went in, he was curious about the history behind it. Jay discovered the disturbing links between Hackney and slavery as they went as far back as to when his family came from in Barbados and Jamaica. DON'T MISS...The Repair Shop’s Jay lived among rats after father left with money [INSIGHT]The Repair Shop's Jay Blades speaks out after BBC cancel spin-off [LATEST]Jay Blades 'disgusted' by Hackney's link to slavery [WATCH] Jay asked: "Is there a connection between Hackney's slave owners and Barbados or Jamaica?" Katie replied: "Yeah, absolutely. There are people who were involved in slave ownership. There were people in Hackney who owned enslaved people all across the Caribbean." She also spoke about the currency and "product of slavery - sugar" that occurred during the early years. Having a revelation, Jay exclaimed: "Now you mention about sugar, I never even made that connection, but a lot within the Caribbean Community, we love sugar."  Katie chimed in: "High level of diabetes as a result." Speaking about the revelation during the press event, Jay admitted that the information he was told "stopped me in my tracks". "I really couldn't digest that, and she also spoke to me about the rum and the sugar links within slavery. "I felt like I had been hit by a bus," the Repair Shop star admitted. Jay Blades: No Place Like Home continues on Channel 5 on Tuesdays at 9pm.