Almost two decades since he first donned the Darth Vader armour in Star Wars Episode III: Revenge of the Sith and Hayden Christensen is back for Obi-Wan Kenobi. The Ewan McGregor Disney+ miniseries takes place 10 years after the events of the prequel movie and the Jedi and his apprentice’s fateful duel on Mustafar. Now the Anakin Skywalker star has opened up on donning the Sith suit and its unique undergarments for the TV event and more. Speaking with Star Wars superfan Inathi Rozani, Hayden was asked: “Have you ever been caught practising your Jedi or Sith skills on set?” The 41-year-old replied: “Y’know, I always like just to like swing a lightsaber, so even if I’m not fighting in a scene, I’ll still go step off to the side and I'll practice my lightsaber moves a little bit.  It’s very intimidating when you’re holding a lightsaber. an Obi-Wan lightsaber is awesome. The Vader lightsaber, that's, I think, the coolest lightsaber though, isn’t it?” Looking back at his last encounter with Obi-Wan in Revenge of the Sith, the interviewer asked: “Have you ever tried to get revenge on Obi-Wan for what he did to your legs?” Hayden replied coyly: “That’s what this show is all about.” Sir Alec Guinness’ original older Jedi became one with the Force in his lightsaber duel with Darth Vader in 1977’s Star Wars: A New Hope, which celebrates its 45th anniversary today. However, Obi-Wan Kenobi will add another battle between the two to the canon, set some years before this. SUBBED_Interview Highlights_Hayden Christensen from Sophie Crewe on Vimeo. Asked point-blank if he dressed as Darth Vader at home, Hayden replied: “Do I wear my suit around the house? If I did, I would never admit to it?” It wasn’t long before the Anakin star confessed to his special Sith knickers for playing the iconic role. He said: “I do wear some special Sith underpants. There's actually a special like cooling suit that goes on underneath the Vader costume that pumps cold water around your body to just help you cool off a little bit…It's a very hot and heavy suit and you do sweat a lot.” DON'T MISSStar Wars: Carrie Fisher’s Princess Leia ‘to be resurrected in CGI’ [CARRIE FISHER]Star Wars: Obi-Wan Kenobi series leak ‘reveals Darth Vader rematch’ [DARTH VADER]Star Wars prequel backlash hard for Ewan McGregor, Hayden Christensen [STAR WARS] The cheeky 10-year-old interviewer also asked Hayden: “The bloopers and the prequel films are mainly of you just falling over, is it hard to see under the mask?” The Star Wars actor laughed: “I did fall a few times, didn't I? You know, sometimes Jedi can be a little clumsy. But I'm a Sith now, that's true. Still clumsy I guess.” Obi-Wan Kenobi begins streaming on Disney+ from Friday.