Jane McDonald, 59, has spoken up about her early romantic life with husband Eddie Rothe. The Liquid Gold singer died in 2021 from lung cancer. On an episode of Loose Women in November following the death of the singer, the talk show panel discussed the pair’s early romance. During the discussion at the time, Kaye Adams mentioned how the two were initially dating in their late teens. At the time, they drifted apart after dating for several months. Years later, Donna on the Loose Women team encouraged Jane to speak to him when he was on set on This Morning. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman praised after rescuing stranded hiker on mountain She said at the time that there were serious life differences between the two, which led to a separation of 27 years. Jane said: “27 years apart. I only went out for a loaf of bread, but I knew he had to go off and do his rock and roll. “He was with Liquid Gold then and he was just great, he's just a beautiful man. “Part of me thought, ‘I’m never going to keep him.’ “I was a barmaid and he was this big star. And I thought one day, ‘I’ll go and let him be a superstar' and he did.” The former Loose Women panellist cared for Ed, who died aged 67, in his final months. Remembering her husband on November’s episode, she described him as “gorgeous”, “golden” and “smiley”. Loose Women panellist Carol McGiffin said everyone loved Ed and he would often come along to the Loose Women parties. DON'T MISS...Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker steal Met Gala spotlight [PICS]Brooklyn Beckham shirtless as Nicola Peltz dares to bare at Met Gala [LATEST]Anne Hegerty reacts to Mark Labbett's The Chase replacement [INSIGHT] Carol also shared a story about how both her and Jane got engaged to their partners on the same day without being aware. She said that they didn’t want to come into work and announce it at the same time as it seemed disingenuous. Carol then asked Jane if she had started singing any of her husband’s songs at her shows. She replied saying she wasn’t quite there yet. Jane then went on to explain how she came to be reunited with her husband after 27 years. The star said she was approached by the guitarist for the band, The Searchers. Jane said she was approached by Frank Allen while having dinner at the Ivy, and the rockstar reminded her that she used to date “our drummer Ed.” She said on the show: “I said, ‘he's having you on, love, I've never been out with an Ed in my life.’ “And he said: ‘You'll know him as Wally.’ And I thought, ‘Blimey’."