Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta wants Eddie Nketiah to be left alone from answering questions on his immediate future after his brace against Leeds with the belief "things will happen naturally". Much has been made about Arsenal's striker situation ahead of the summer window with both Nketiah and Alexandre Lacazette out of contract at the end of the season. Lacazette had been the preferred option to play through the middle initially after Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang left to join Barcelona in January. But the Frenchman's lack of goals forced Arteta into a change with Nketiah being given his chance. He soon repaid Arteta's faith with two goals in an emphatic 4-2 win over Chelsea last month. The 22-year-old continued to lead the line for Arsenal in consecutive wins over Manchester United and West Ham before finding the back of the net twice in Sunday's win over Leeds. It's now four goals in as many games for Nketiah with the striker playing a key role in Arsenal's fight for a top-four spot. His upturn in form has raised questions as to why Nketiah remains out of contract heading into the summer. JUST IN: Five things we learned as Nketiah scores twice as Arsenal beat Leeds  But Arteta has refused to offer any hint that situation will change following the win over Leeds. Arteta said: "Let him be. Let him enjoy the moment and things will happen naturally." Nketiah avoided the questioned when asked about whether wins like that against Leeds make him want to say. He said: "It's a great atmosphere throughout the whole season, it's been excellent. You really feel the connection between the players and the fans, it's amazing to be involved." DON'T MISS  But the Arsenal forward did admit that he's happy being given a run in the team to help the Gunners in their fight for a top-four spot. Nketiah said: "Any player just wants to be playing and get the opportunities. "I've worked hard throughout the season to make sure that I was ready when I get my chance and credit to my team-mates for helping me play and do well. I'm just happy in the team and helping." Arsenal are now four points ahead of Tottenham with three games remaining in the season. The two north London rivals face off against each other on Thursday.