Princess Anne's daughter may be asked to step up to the plate in the future given the scarce number of working members of the Firm and the huge amount of duties to carry out, according to royal author Brian Hoey. The author suggested Prince Charles may be keen to ask his niece for help during his future reign given the pair have a very good relationship. Mr Hoey told Express.co.uk: "I think Zara could step up and undertake some public duties if she was required to do so. "She is extremely popular within the Royal Family. "She is very popular with Prince Charles and also with William and Harry, she famously gets on well with her cousins. "If there is a vacancy, if they need somebody to stand in for things, she would be the right person to do it." The Royal Family currently counts 11 full-time working members who, by attending engagements and carrying out visits, support the Crown and represent the Queen in the UK and abroad. However, all but four of those included in this group are aged over 70 - with the Duke of Kent and Princess Alexandra aged 86 and 85 respectively. This means that Prince Charles may be able to count on an even smaller number of working royals than his mother when he accedes to the throne. While he is rumoured to be planning a streamlined version of the Firm, which would include in the core group of the Royal Family only those closest to the throne, he may still require support from the wider family on certain occasions. READ MORE: Dr Shola savaged after claiming royal Caribbean tour ‘failed’ In past years, the Queen has been supported by non-working royals in carrying out a restricted number of duties. Her first cousin Prince Michael of Kent, who does not receive public money and isn't considered a senior royal, represented the sovereign at state funerals in India, Cyprus and Swaziland, among other events. Anne's children, Zara and Peter Phillips, don't have a royal title thanks to the choice made by their parents upon their birth. This allowed them to pursue their own careers and live a life far from the spotlight and media scrutiny. Zara made a name for herself as an equestrian and, like the Princess Royal did in the mid-1970s, took part in the Olympic Games. During the 2012 London Olympics, Zara gained a silver medal. The decorated equestrian said three years later she felt "lucky" her parents had not decided to have the Queen bestowing upon her a royal title. She said: "I’m very lucky that both my parents decided to not use the title and we grew up and did all the things that gave us the opportunity to do." Princess Anne also spoke about her decision regarding her two children during an interview marking her 70th birthday. Speaking to Vanity Fair in 2020, the princess said she believes not giving Peter and Zara titles was "probably the right thing to do". She added: "I think it was probably easier for them, and I think most people would argue that there are downsides to having titles". While Zara has not carried out royal duties in the past, she regularly attends events - with her husband Mike Tindall - open to wider members of the family. The couple are regular guests on the Buckingham Palace balcony to watch the flypast at the end of the yearly Trooping the Colour parade. In December, the pair normally head to Sandringham to attend the Christmas Day service alongside other royals at St Mary Magdalene Church and spend the day with the festive Queen. Most recently, the Tindalls headed to Westminster Abbey with their eldest daughter Mia for the service of thanksgiving for Prince Philip. And on Easter Sunday, they attended service at St George's Chapel alongside other royals including the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II: Platinum Jubilee Celebration by Brian Hoey is published by Pitkin