Celtic are facing off against Rangers in what could be the deciding game of this year's Scottish Premiership. The big Old Firm game kicks-off at 12pm, with coverage beginning at 11am on Sky Sports who are broadcasting the game exclusively live. You can find the best deals on Sky Sports below, or you can take advantage of a limited-time price cut on the NOW Sports pass that slashes the monthly price from £33.99 to £20 - that's a 40% saving. It's a huge game ahead with Celtic currently six points ahead of their arch-rivals. A win today in front of the home crowd would put them nine points ahead with just three games remaining. However, if Rangers can manage a win this lunchtime it would close the gap and pile the pressure onto Celtic. "We have to do everything for the win," Rangers manager Van Bronckhorst said. "The belief is there, we will go there to get a good result. My objective is to have my players well prepared mentally and physically. "I know my players will do everything on Sunday to get a good result, this is what they have continued to do through a hectic schedule." HOW TO WATCH CELTIC VS RANGERS You can tune in and watch coverage of Celtic vs Rangers on Sky Sports Football HD from 11am, with kick-off at 12pm. If you've got Sky Glass or Sky Q then a Sky Sports membership will usually cost £32 a month. But Sky is currently running a deal that includes Sky Atlantic, as well as Comedy Central, MTV, and more, coupled with a Netflix subscription plus Sports for £46 per month. If you're not home, everything from Sky Sports is also beamed to tablets and smartphones via the Sky Go app, which is available for both Android and iOS devices. You can also sign in to Sky Go on an Xbox or PlayStation to watch in another room if someone else is using the Sky Q box. Sky-owned NOW, formerly NOW TV, offers limited-time access to Sky Sports. One month usually costs £33.99, but for a limited time only this price has dropped to £20 a month (but you'll need to sign up for nine months). While a single 24-hour period of Sky Sports will cost a one-off payment of £11.98 with NOW. NOW is also available on a NOW TV Box, Chromecast, PS5, PS4, PS3, Xbox Series X, Xbox One, Xbox 360, Roku, LG Smart TV, PC or Mac, and selected mobile and tablet devices. Unfortunately, if you're outside of the UK right now, your Sky Go and NOW subscriptions might not work as you'd expect. Sky – just like Netflix, BBC iPlayer, Prime Video and a number of other services – places restrictions based on your current location, which is determined by the IP address that your device was assigned when you connected to the internet. It's possible to bypass these geo-restrictions by employing a Virtual Private Network, or VPN, service. You can find some of the best options below...