Money Saving Expert Martin Lewis regularly advises the nation on how to find the best financial deals. However, his tweets took an unexpectedly emotional turn when he revealed his eyes "rimmed with tears" reading a sad story yesterday. "The old fella who lives next door to me goes to our shopping centre and sits there until it closes," @JanTownsy revealed. "He takes a flask and sandwiches and sits in front of the local TV shop. "They even put his channel on for him and fill his flask." An emotional Martin tweeted back: "My eyes rimmed with tears after reading this. READ NOW: Zoe Henry breaks social media silence with Jeff Hordley update "This is both wretched and sweet in equal measure." @JanTownsy elaborated after reading tweets from onlookers saying they lacked context about the elderly man's situation. "He has no family, only his neighbours," Jan explained. "We take it in turns to check on him and give him a warm meal - it's not a lot but it keeps him going. "I only wish we could do more but we are all struggling." Some suggested he should downsize and buy a one-bedroom flat to cut costs. However others were more sympathetic, with @susyandthegang querying: "Has someone checked he’s getting all the benefits he’s entitled to? "They’re not a fortune, I know, but benefits for pensioners more generous than for those of working age.  "Local Citizens Advice could help, or try @entitledto online calculator." Meanwhile @mdbboyd raged: "In a G7 country this sort of thing should not be happening. "Our Government should be embarrassed by stories like this." @WooShell1977 chimed in: "I've been emailing supermarkets to try to get their cafes to open longer. "Warm, safe environments that are inexpensive, where people can nurse a cuppa & read the paper. "However, no luck so far. They seem to be closing them earlier or closing down. Could you message supermarkets?" @Rachc50 praised those willing to help, recalling the "unofficial citizenship" classes she'd had in her school days. "[They taught] us to value what we had and help those who had less," she explained.