Amanda Burton played forensic pathologist and the original leader of the forensics team Sam Ryan in Silent Witness from 1996 to 2004. Her character left the long-running show in season eight as she went off to investigate a case of police corruption in Northern Ireland, and resolve some personal issues. Now teaming up with her successor Dr Nikki Alexander (played by Emilia Fox) the pair will work together to solve a case over a special six-part story.   Amanda, 65, didn't just return for the sake of it - she was lured back to be involved in the 25th anniversary series of the hit BBC drama. Her appearance in season 25 of the show means she will now have an impressive 61 episodes under her belt. On returning to the series, she said: "I was invited to come back, which was pretty gorgeous and took me by surprise. "The team confirmed that it was going to be a very interesting story arc over six episodes, and if I didn't jump and do it, it would be something I would regret." Read More: BBC Breakfast's Eurovision coverage sparks fury with viewers 'Utterly ridiculous'  Talking to Radio Times, she also revealed why she loved playing the role so much. When she first took to the character in 1996, it was rare to see a female in a lead role on TV. Helen Mirren was the only other female actress helming a show when she played DCI Jane Tennison in Prime Suspect. She continued: "She didn't conform to the stereotypical image. "That's why I loved playing her. I've always felt emotional about Sam because she's such a strong character, a lone wolf. "She made a strong impact in those days." At the time of her departure from the show, she knew she had run her course with the role. Having stepped back from the show for several years, it appeared Sam couldn't be more eager to return to the show when the news was announced in 2021. DON’T MISS…'Unforgettable' Jane McDonald shares glimpse into love life as she bids farewell on show[LATEST]Vera bosses give Brenda Blethyn fans disappointing update on series [LATEST]'Disrespectful!' Queen’s Platinum Jubilee Celebration viewers slam Tom Cruise interview  [LATEST]  Talking to Digital Spy, she said: "I am so excited to be returning to Silent Witness and stepping back into Sam Ryan's shoes – with a difference! "Audiences can look forward to plenty of twists and turns as they discover what Sam's been doing since leaving the Lyell." Her now co-star Emilia added: "It is such a delight and thrill to be working with Amanda. "To have Sam Ryan back again at the heart of the show is the greatest way of all to celebrate the 25th anniversary of Silent Witness."  When the BBC released some teaser artwork images many fans took to social media to share their excitement. Judith Webster said: "I can’t wait, Amanda has been missing from our screens for far too long." @emrobros commented: "Cannot WAIT!!'' and @BillBlackwood2 added: "This will be outstanding!" Silent Witness season 25 returns Monday May 23 at 9pm. 