 A month ago, diesel across the UK averaged 176.47p a litre and 131.64p a litre a year ago. Yesterday’s new record price means that refuelling a diesel car now costs typically £100.42.  Luke Bosdet, AA spokesperson, said it was yet another dark day for diesel drivers as fuel prices continue to spike. He said: “With the cost of filling up now above £100, what had once been a ‘dash for diesel’ among UK car owners is rapidly becoming the death of diesel. “New car registration statistics released by the Society of Motor Manufacturer and Traders show that, so far this year, sales of new pure electric cars have outnumbered sales of new diesel cars by 2.5 to one. “A What Car? analysis of car buyer intentions stated that just five percent of new car buyers are set to buy a diesel car. READ MORE: Drivers could be fined thousands for letting an ambulance go past  “And, last Friday, the Mayor of London announced plans to expand the Ultra Low Emission Zone to outer London in August 2023, including a £12.50 daily charge for any diesel car not complying with September 2015 Euro 6 emissions standards.” In total, 89.56 percent of car buyers surveyed were considering fuel types other than a diesel vehicle. Almost two thirds were confident they would never buy a diesel car in the future. Mr Bosdet continued saying that the high prices may be the final stand for most drivers still using diesel. DON'T MISSDriver fined by parking company after being sold non-existing space [SHOCKING]Drivers warned as councils get new powers to fine for traffic offences [WARNING]Drivers warned of large fines for low fuel error - 'No excuse' [RISK OF FINES]  He added: “Diesel’s new record price is the latest nail in the coffin of the diesel car, after it had been demonised for its emissions in an urban environment. “However, a diesel car’s 15 percent to 20 percent better fuel consumption compared to a petrol equivalent out on the open road means less CO2 emissions and would make it more attractive were it not for the current higher cost of refuelling.” The sale of new petrol and diesel cars will be banned from 2030, with a similar ban affecting hybrid cars coming five years later. As part of the Government’s plan to reach net zero emissions by 2050, it has offered drivers the chance to apply for grants to lower the costs of new electric vehicles.  Motorists can get up to £1,500 off a car, while grants are on offer for vans, covering £2,500 of the total cost. Large vans also attract grants, with up to £5,000 off as well as £7,500 the cost of an electric taxi. Steve Huntingford, Editor of What Car?, said: “Diesel’s rapid decline in sales comes as manufacturers continue to offer fewer models to new car buyers. “Vauxhall was the latest manufacturer to drop the diesel option on its best-selling Corsa, with the car now available in petrol or fully electric powertrains only.  “As the new diesel car parc declines, this will eventually impact the used market for diesel cars – which are also impacted by the growing number of low emissions zones and other air quality initiatives.” RAC data also shows diesel prices to have broken records at 182.59p per litre. Petrol is just under 10p cheaper per litre with drivers looking to pay an average of 172.73p a litre. Drivers should expect prices to rise further with petrol, super unleaded and diesel.