Speculation surrounding a move to Windsor of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge has been growing stronger over the past few months. Kate and Prince William have been reportedly looking at residences and schools in Berkshire. This move would allow the family of five to live closer to both the sovereign and Kate's parents Michael and Carole Middleton, who live in Bucklebury. Now, an insider has claimed the Adelaide Cottage, a residence built in 1831, could be the Cambridges' favourite as their next home. They told The Sun: "Finding a way to make Adelaide Cottage work seems to be the best and only option. "There are issues with all the other houses, so Adelaide will be the favourite." Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here This cottage is nestled in Home Park in Windsor and has been a "grace and favour" property for more than eight decades. This means it is owned by the monarch and can be leased for free or for a very low rent. The cottage has been named after Princess Adelaide of Saxe-Meiningen, the wife of King William IV whose reign lasted between 1830 to 1837. One of its former occupiers was Group Captain Peter Townsend - who lived at the cottage between 1944 to 1952 while working as an equerry for King George VI. READ MORE: Princess Charlotte delights fans with ‘precious’ birthday photos The property was renovated in 2015 and has never been the residence of senior members of the Firm. The Cambridges are known to love the countryside and a move to Berkshire would allow them to live outside of the chaotic centre of London but still close enough to it to be able to easily reach their current main residence and office, Kensington Palace. At the moment, Kate and William split their time between their London residence and the home gifted to them by the Queen in Norfolk, Anmer Hall. The Cambridges normally spend their weekends and school breaks in Sandringham. This new speculation regarding a possible interest of the Cambridges in the Adelaide Cottage comes after a report claimed last month Prince George - Kate and William's eldest son - visited a new school for a "settling in-style trial class" arranged by teachers. This school, near Windsor, has been visited by one of the Cambridges half a dozen times, according to the Mail on Sunday. During the trial day, pupils sharing the class with the third-in-line to the throne did not recognise George or understand his status, which left school staff "amused and relieved", the newspaper claimed. Prince George, eight, has been attending Thomas's Battersea in London since 2017. His sister, who turns seven today, joined Kate and William's firstborn in September 2019. There, they are known as George Cambridge and Charlotte Cambridge rather than by their titles, allowing the children to enjoy the environment just like their peers. This isn't the first time prominent royals adopt their titles as a surname in school to maintain a low profile. As students, Prince William and Prince Harry embraced the title of Prince Charles, Prince of Wales, as a surname, becoming William Wales and Harry Wales. And they retained it also on other occasions - for example during their time in the military, with the Duke of Sussex famously being addressed as Captain Wales. While George and Charlotte are students at Thomas's Battersea, Prince Louis, four, is enrolled at The Willcocks Nursery School, just a short walk away from Kensington Palace. However, he will be able to begin Reception Year in September, which could present the perfect occasion for the Cambridges to change the school of all their children.