Over the decades The Beatles inspired countless musicians. Many acts, singers, and bands have cited the Fab Four as one of their influences, so it is no exaggeration to say they made a major impact on the music industry. And this inspiration even spanned into the hard rock genre. Ozzy Osbourne - better known as the Prince of Darkness - spoke candidly about his humble upbringing and how The Beatles' music dragged him out of the slump he was in. Ozzy was born in the Aston area of Birmingham to a large family with three older sisters. His mother worked in a factory while his father worked nights as a toolmaker. And it was a happy childhood, either. In 2003 Ozzy opened up about being sexually assaulted by bullies as a child (Via EW). But the star decided to make something of his life when he first heard The Beatles on the radio. Ozzy recalled: "I come from the backstreets of Aston in Birmingham and it wasn’t a very cool place when I was growing up. I used to sit on my doorstep and think: ‘How the hell am I going to get out of here?’" Then, when he was 15-years-old, The Beatles released their fifth single, She Loves You. The raucous track was a smash hit on the airwaves and reached number one not only in the UK but in the USA and Canada as well. "One day," Ozzy said. "'She Loves You' came on the radio. That song turned my head around." READ MORE: Paul McCartney got a writing credit on a Drake song Ozzy then explained how he tried to describe the scenario to his son, Jack Osbourne. He said: "My son always says to me: ‘What was it like when The Beatles happened?’ All I can really say to him is: ‘Imagine going to bed in one world, and then waking up in another that’s so different and exciting that it makes you feel glad to be alive.'" Ozzy later directly laid praised The Beatles directly for his career. DON'T MISS...Paul McCartney got a writing credit on a Drake song [NEWS]Cilla Black on her challenging childhood: 'No front door!' [INFO]'It’s London that needs to level up!' A new book reveals the truth [INSIGHT] Ozzy said: "I knew I was going to be a rock star the rest of my life." The star has also praised specific pockets of the band's discography. He even said he would love The Beatles' track A Day In The Life to be played at his funeral. He said: "I really need a few more years to think this over, but probably something from ‘Sgt Pepper’s Lonely Hearts Club Band’ or ‘Revolver’." Ozzy added: "I definitely don’t want my f**king greatest hits album – I never ever play that thing, I’m f**king embarrassed about it. And I definitely don’t want a f**king happy song – I’m dead." Ozzy also spoke highly of the men behind the band, as well; Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr. He explained: "The Beatles are my favourites, you know. When I met Paul McCartney, it was the highlight of my life. I was so surprised at how nice he was." The star added: "And I also met Ringo Starr … what a great bloke. The thing about The Beatles was they always had the best melodies. All I’ve tried to do in my career is put a melody to a dark riff.” SOURCE / SOURCE / SOURCE