Peter Bleksley sat down with Journalist Jeremy Vine to discuss the Home Secretary's decision to implement such a change. The ex-police officer defended men and women who work for the law enforcement sector. Home Secretary Priti Patel has been focusing on the British police force, trying to bolster employment in the sector, and changing police regulations, in order to tackle crime. Mr Bleksley then went on to explain that certain sections of the police force are being 'used as punching bags.'  Mr Bleksley told Jeremy Vine on 5: "Well, I'm firmly behind this proposal to give tasers to special constables. "Our front line law enforcement men and women who are so often courageous in the face of fear and terror we would simply run away from. "Are unfortunately being assaulted in record numbers. "They amongst certain sections of the community are being used as punch bags.  JUST IN: 'END of Russia' Putin told UK will 'cripple' Moscow in swift revenge for nuclear strike      Mr Bleksley added: "They are being seriously injured in far too many situations. "And we need to protect the protectors if people weren't so violent towards our police this proposal would not be needed." Ms Patel has also pledged that she aims to recruit up to 20,000 police officers in the UK by next March. The Home Secretary has already taken on 13,500 new police recruits.   READ MORE:'I felt sick!' Retired widow loses £40,000 after 'looking for companionship'      Ms Patel said: "The devastating impact of knife crime on families who have lost their loved one is unbearable. No one should have to endure the pain and suffering of the victims of these appalling crimes and we have a responsibility to them to do everything in our power to prevent future tragedies. "Since 2019, the police have removed over 50,000 knives and offensive weapons from our streets and in the 2 years to March 2021, over 150,000 arrests were made following stop and search, preventing thousands of possible fatal injuries. DON’T MISS: UK would STILL vote to stay OUT of the EU, Brexit referendum poll shows