The Duchess of Cambridge was one of the members of the Royal Family to attend the third and last garden party at Buckingham Palace on May 25. Kate met as many guests as possible during the rainy afternoon and appeared in high spirits as she chatted with people who distinguished themselves for their services to the community. However, she was particularly thrilled to meet one guest - Holocaust survivor Manfred Goldberg, 92. After spotting him in the crowd alongside Shary, his wife of 61 years, Prince William's wife walked toward them with a huge smile. She then told him: "Manfred, it's so lovely to see you again. How are you?" The pair shook hands, as Mr Goldberg replied: "It's my pleasure and privilege to see you again." The Duchess was excited to see his name on the guest list. She said: "When I saw your name on the guest list I thought 'yes!' "I am so happy to see you! Are you keeping well?" Kate donned a mint custom-made, long-sleeve midi dress, paired with a fascinator decorated with a huge flower and heels for the happy event. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan set for enormous £18M funding windfall Kate had previously worn this dress in March 2019, at a party marking the 50th anniversary of Prince Charles's investiture as the Prince of Wales. During the latest garden party, the royal protected herself from the rain with a white umbrella. After their meeting with the Duchess, Mrs Goldberg praised her, saying she is "so sweet". And Mr Goldberg said: "These are some of the perks granted to us as a consequence!" He added: "It is such an honour to be here. "Undreamt of when I arrived here as a 16-year-old. "She admires the work I have been doing for many years now. "I have come to the firm conclusion that hearing testimony from a survivor is one of the most effective ways of educating people into understanding that silence is all that’s needed for evil to triumph. "I have a power point which I use in talks and the most effective image is an enormous pile of shoes. "This photograph was taken by a Russian soldier after liberation and I ask people to visualise that each pair of shoes belongs to one person that had gone to the gas chamber. "People agree that is one of the most effective ways of trying to understand the magnitude of evil we are talking about." Mr Goldberg first met Kate during a visit to Stutthof concentration camp near Gdansk in 2017, when the Cambridges were visiting Poland. They were reunited, albeit virtually, in January last year, when he took part in a video call to mark Holocaust Memorial Day. Mr Goldberg and Kate were joined on that occasion by another Holocaust survivor, Zigi Shipper, who met Mr Goldberg in a Nazi concentration camp they were both taken as teenagers. Following the liberations of concentration camps, they both dedicated their lives to keeping the memory of the horrors of Nazifascism alive.