Tipping Point presenter Ben Shephard was joined by Good Morning Britain host Sean Fletcher, Invictus Games medallist and presenter JJ Chalmers, and presenter Gaby Roslin for the latest Lucky Stars episode. Hoping to win big for his charity Sean got off to a ropey start with his Good Morning Britain colleague pointing out his misfortune and joking Kate Garraway would be "livid" with his poor performance. In Tipping Point: Lucky Stars, the guests battled it out to raise funds for their chosen charity. Although he wasn't the first player to be eliminated, Sean underperformed as the show started. In the first few coin drops, Gaby was out in front with a lead of £1,900, and JJ followed in distant second place behind her on £500. Sean had scored but was behind the pack with only £100 in his pot at the time. Read More: The Bay's Daniel Ryan's tribute to co-star ahead of new season 'Can survive cast change'  Not missing the opportunity to joke with his friend, Ben said: "Sean, you are currently in last with £100. "As a fellow GMB presenter, I can tell you, you are not just letting yourself down, you are letting the entire team down. "Kate is going to be absolutely livid. "So if you ever want to show your face on GMB again, you better up your game!" His pep talk did the job with the broadcaster managing to springboard into second place, wracking up £1,500, which surpassed JJ's £1,100. JJ raised money for The Halo Trust and left the show graciously. With a new-found skip in his step, Sean managed to go on and bag a grand total of £2,200 before Gaby emerged victorious. Ben eased up on the star and was proud he raised a high total for his chosen charity, Young Minds. DON’T MISS…Outlander theory: Jamie Fraser's ghost explained in subtle fortune teller clue[LATEST]Lily James puts on jaw-dropping display as she flaunts figure in see-through Met Gala gown [LATEST]'It was a big risk' Steph McGovern insists she doesn't care about viewing figures [LATEST]   Gaby managed to win an impressive £6,000 for her charity WellChild. Fan @lori_sutton thoroughly enjoyed Sean's appearance on the show and said: "I like Sean Fletcher, he is really lovely - actually he is the only GMB person I can be bothered with. #TippingPoint." (sic) Steven Alan Hill added: "Sean Gaby JJ, well done to everyone taking part in Tipping Point Lucky Stars. "Amazing game thoroughly enjoyed it, And For charities." (sic)  