The controversial group have claimed to have deflated tyres on around 3,000 vehicles since March and say their campaign is “escalating fast”. They aim to deflate tyres on thousands more cars and say they will not stop even if their actions lead to accidents.  Police have issued a warning that such behaviour will “absolutely not be tolerated”, however, this threat has not deterred the Tyre Extinguishers. So far they have targeted vehicles in London, Manchester, Edinburgh, Brighton, Liverpool, Cambridge and Sheffield, with the goal of hitting more than 10,000 cars by the end of the year. A spokesperson for the group, who gave their name as Marion Walker, told Sky News: “We want to strike fear into anyone who drives a huge polluting SUV in a UK city. “There comes a point where asking politely and protesting has stopped working, and it's time for action, to sabotage the machines that are killing us.  “Some of our number are people who live near busy polluted roads, slowly choked by gas guzzlers. “Others are cyclists who have been nearly killed by an SUV too many times. “We are all united by the science that SUVs are a climate disaster.”  READ MORE: Putin ‘more dangerous than Hitler or Stalin’ warns Polish PM Carly Bateman, a 28-year-old who runs an entertainment business in Manchester, had her tyres deflated by the group. She told Sky News: “I understand the message behind it and I understand they're trying to do something good - but I also think it's being done really irresponsibly. “Going around deflating people's tyres when you have no idea who those people are… worst-case scenario someone could have a really bad health condition or be on their way to meet someone who is dying… and because they've deflated their tyres they can't get there. “It's hugely irresponsible. It's tampering with vehicles.”  DON'T MISS:Charles complained to Camilla at State Opening of Parliament [INSIGHT]Ukraine war will become 'more unpredictable and escalatory' [ANALYSIS]Jeremy Clarkson compares Kim Kardashian's Met Gala look to 'Dalek' [REVEAL] Ms Bateman had to get an Uber to work, with her father driving over to her house to pump up the tyre on her car. She added: “At the end of the day, they've not really done much good there because I've had to involve two vehicles instead of one. “If you want to stop 4x4 driving, contact the manufacturers and do something there. “Don't target individuals who are just trying to do their jobs.” Another victim of the Tyre Extinguishers wrote on Twitter that she did not notice her tyre was flat until she was driving in her car with her three children. 