Hollywood actor Kevin Spacey has been charged with four alleged sex assaults against three men. It comes after the Met Police launched a probe over the House of Cards actor, 62, four years ago, concerning allegations which dated back to 1996. The award-winning actor was charged with four counts of sexual assault as well as another sex offence and is due to appear in court. No court date has been set. The incidents were allegedly carried out between 2005 and 2013, with three said to have taken place in London and one in Gloucestershire. The Head of the CPS Special Crime Division Rosemary Ainslie issued a statement. It read: "The CPS has authorised criminal charges against Kevin Spacey, 62, for four counts of sexual assault against three men. READ MORE: Rebekah Vardy's future 'in tatters' after ‘complete disaster’ trial "The CPS has also authorised one charge of causing a person to engage in penetrative sexual activity without consent. "The authority to charge follows a review of the evidence gathered by the Metropolitan Police in its investigation. "The Crown Prosecution Service reminds all concerned that criminal proceedings against Mr Spacey are active and that he has the right to a fair trial," she added. It comes after the case was passed to the Crown Prosecution Service 13 months ago.  In 2019, the actor was interviewed under caution by the Met where he addressed a number of allegations between 1996 and 2013 which were said to have taken place in London and Gloucester. He wasn't arrested at the time. The Hollywood actor denied all allegations against him and the case was closed. Spacey was stripped of his International Emmy Award in the wake of the allegations and his House of Cards character Francis Underwood was killed off of the show. DON'T MISS...Johnny Depp brands Amber Heard's testimony 'ludicrous' as she reacts [INSIGHT]Paul Whitehouse dreads David Jason turning up to Only Fools musical [ANALYSIS]Jane Fonda admits she ‘fell in love’ with co-star Robert Redford [UPDATE] Spacey has won two Academy Awards, a Tony Award and a Golden Globe Award. He also has four Screen Actors Gild Awards and a British Academy Film Award. Spacey's first film appearance was in Heartburn alongside Meryl Streep and Jack Nicholson in 1986. But it was his role as Verbal Kint in 1995 movie The Usual Suspects which won him his first Academy Award. 