Set in London’s new growing neighbourhood, Wembley Park, and led by cool dance giants Rambert and Pineapple Dance Studios, the Jubilee Dance Party will see the park transformed marking The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee with live music, dance classes, circus performances, street theatre and more. The irresistible line-up will offer opportunities to learn dance styles from around the world including Bollywood, commercial (TikTok), street, swing, reggaeton and Afrobeats, Caribbean and rock & roll. Yoga and Zumba classes will also take place as part of the event. Rambert will be delivering a free Caribbean Niceness dance class, delving into the positivity of soca and reggae vibes, under the expert eye of Rambert faculty teacher Sheba Montserrat. Sheba will be sharing the history of the moves, with children and adults welcome to join in and learn about Caribbean and Black British history as they learn the steps. Rambert will also be leading an energy-packed rock & roll stroll class, with Rambert faculty member Emma Weir teaching the simple, repeatable steps, set to classic songs from the 1950s and 1960s. The inclusive experience is designed to teach the moves without the need for a partner and is suitable for all ages and fitness levels. “Inclusivity and participation are central to everything we do at Rambert, and we are delighted our brilliant and daring dance teachers have the opportunity to connect and move with the people of Wembley Park at the Jubilee Dance Party, ahead of Rambert's Peaky Blinders: The Redemption of Thomas Shelby London run opening here in Wembley Park in October,” declares Daniel Fulvio, Rambert deputy director of audiences (community)  Pineapple Dance Studios will be holding two ‘Dance TikTok Style’ classes during the afternoon that will teach participants all the latest TikTok style moves. Participants will learn new skills and put them all together into mini routines to the latest tunes, ending the class feeling energised, pumped and full of funky TikTok style skills. The day’s grand finale will be an exhilarating street/hip hop dance class, also led by Pineapple Dance Studios. Fizzing with energy, the hip hop dance style originated in the clubs and streets of New York. Today, its popularity has spread into the commercial industry through music videos. Teachers will share this awesome, feel-good dance style with participants in front of the iconic Wembley Stadium. “Pineapple Dance Studios is about making dance accessible for everyone - any age, any ability - we can’t wait for our top teachers to bring everyone together at Wembley Park - join us and get your Jubilee jiggle on!” says Debbie Moore, Pineapple’s founder and chief executive Swing Patrol, Bollywood Dance School, MoreYoga, Zumba teacher Jonas Hedqvist, local dance legend Edoardo Lima and others will also be encouraging revellers to learn some new moves, along with the visually spectacular professional dance company and Britain’s Got Talent semi-finalists TNG (The Next Generation). TNG will be showcasing two completely new performances, delivering a true celebration through music and different dance genres. With members of TNG having previously danced and performed with some of the UK’s biggest superstars, from Ed Sheeran to Stormzy and Little Mix, they are preparing to take Jubilee Dance Party participants on a mini world tour of their own.  Jubilee Dance Party attendees will be given dance passports upon arrival, for which they can gain stamps as they join each class or visit the other exciting attractions. Those include a digital photo wall where festival goers can share their pictures on the day to create a giant portrait of Queen Elizabeth II, in honour of her 70-year reign. For those who prefer not to dance, there will be plenty of live music to enjoy as they tour Wembley Park’s other inclusive, family-friendly attractions, or simply sit and soak up the party atmosphere. There will be a stage hosting family shows, horse guards stilt walkers, jugglers and circus skills demonstrations, face painters, bubbleologists, pavement artists and more to ensure everyone is entertained. For the very youngest visitors, a children’s entertainer will be leading a range of inclusive, group dances and games. London Designer Outlet will also be joining in the celebrations. The Queen’s Guards will be running marching drills with children, while a purple canon will provide the perfect selfie spot. In addition to offers from individual retailers, London Designer Outlet will also have a DJ playing tracks from the past seven decades, to get shoppers in the party spirit. Partygoers will be able to enjoy flavours from around the world as well as sounds. The quality street food at BOXPARK Wembley offers dishes from around the world, while the neighbourhood’s restaurants include everything from hearty Italian plates at Pasta Remoli to Indian fare at Masalchi from twice Michelin-star chef, Atul Kochhar. Once refreshed and replenished, festivalgoers can hit the dance floors once more, with stages spread along the length of Olympic Way to the main stage in front of the Olympic Steps.  For Josh McNorton, cultural director, Wembley Park, “the Jubilee Dance Party will be a superb day for all ages and abilities. The party will celebrate the cultural heritage and diversity of Brent, with Rambert and Pineapple Dance Studios leading the revelry and inviting partygoers to throw some shapes on the dancefloor. It’s going to be a very exciting day!” Situated just 12 minutes from central London by tube and with regular, fast, direct trains to Wembley Stadium station with Chiltern Railways and Southern Railways and ample secure parking also available, Wembley Park’s easy accessibility means that the Jubilee Dance Party is there for all. And when these revels end, there are plenty to more to come as the area will be home to the largest single site of build-to-rent in the UK with 6,000 homes managed by Quintain Living (www.quintainliving.com) and the Park’s cultural strategy includes a year-long programme of free events. For more information visit https://wembleypark.com/jubilee-dance-party-at-wembley-park, Facebook or follow on Instagram. 