Brenda Blethyn has played the icon DCI Vera Stanhope in the hit ITV series since it began in 2011. The detective was originally paired with her sidekick Joe Ashworth (played by David Leon) before he left to spend more time with his family in 2014. He was then replaced by Aiden Healy (Kenny Doughty) who has been by Vera's side ever since. Vera is renowned for her signature look, and she is rarely seen without her trusty hat and mack coat. However, in a new interview, the actress opened up about her character's appearance in the murder drama. Brenda believes viewers are drawn to Vera because she doesn't take much notice of the clothes she wears. "I think people like Vera because she's a woman of a certain age," the actress began. READ MORE: Carol Kirkwood confirms engagement live on BBC Breakfast She continued: "She doesn't look like she's just walked off a catwalk. "[Her] Performance is not dependent on lipstick and I think people just appreciate that." Hitting back at the backlash she faces over her character's appearance, the 76-year-old said: "Sometimes people say to me, 'Oh you wouldn't be able to wear those clothes going to work'. "They're all good clothes that Vera wears, she just doesn't look in a mirror." Brenda added in a BritBox podcast: "She doesn't see if this blouse goes with that skirt or whatever and I just like that about her. "She's thinking about the job in hand...not thinking about herself all the time. "People appreciate her because I think she's just honest, well to do upper class, lower class, we all feel comfortable talking to Vera. "If you saw her at a bus stop you chat to her. She's not a threat." DON'T MISS...Ozark season 4 theory: Jonah actually shot Wendy as fans spot key clue [REACTION]Lorraine warns Emmerdale guest to ‘behave' after appearance remark [VIDEO]Vera's Mark Edwards star speaks out on show return [INSIGHT] Discussing how her fans react to her character, the DCI Stanhope star recalled: "I was at the crime convention in Harrogate earlier in the year and a 12-year-old boy... we're doing a Q&A and a 12-year-old boy stood up and said that Vera is his and his friends' favourite programme. "And I said 'Well, you surprised me I didn't realise young people like Vera'. "And he says, 'Oh, we absolutely love it because she's in authority, but can also be very funny.'" In another recent interview on This Morning, Brenda spoke about what helps get her into character. Brenda spoke with Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield about the upcoming series. "Do you put the hat and the mack on and think, 'There she is?'" Phillip asked. "Boots," Brenda replied as a shocked Holly asked: "Is it?" The actress replied: "Everything I do, it starts with the shoes." Vera is expected to air on ITV later this year.   Discussing how her fans react to her character, the DCI Stanhope star recalled: "I was at the crime convention in Harrogate earlier in the year and a 12-year-old boy... we're doing a Q&A and a 12-year-old boy stood up and said that Vera is his and his friends' favourite programme.  "And I said 'Well, you surprised me I didn't realise young people like Vera'.  "And he says, 'Oh, we absolutely love it because she's in authority, but can also be very funny.'"  In another recent interview on This Morning, Brenda spoke about what helps get her into character. 