Erik ten Hag's first priority is to finalise his backroom staff at Manchester United before discussing the future of his players, claims former Red Devils goalkeeper Mark Bosnich. Ten Hag is set to begin work at United today after snubbing a post-season trip with current club Ajax. Mitchell van der Graag, his assistant at Ajax, could follow him to Old Trafford. Former England boss Steve McClaren is also set to be part of Ten Hag's team having been No 2 to Sir Alex Ferguson earlier in his career. The Telegraph claims Ten Hag is also keen to keep United's current set-piece coach Eric Ramsay. Bosnich says getting his staff finalised is the first thing Ten Hag has to do. He told Sky Sports News: "First priority for him is going to be to make sure he has his backroom staff in place. That for me has got to be sorted out because you've got to make sure first and foremost, whatever work environment that you're in, that you feel completely comfortable around people that you trust. READ MORE: Arsenal's much-changed XI next season with six signings after three 'agreements' reached  "You don't want sycophants around you that are just going to agree with everything you say, but you want people that you can trust." Bosnich says Ten Hag then has to turn his attention to the playing squad. The Australian believes Ten Hag must be as honest as he can with the players he does not want to keep and should tell them in person what his plans are. Bosnich added: "Then, from that position, they need to start going through the team and saying 'right, who goes? Who stays?'. "There may be some players that want to stay anyway but they need to be basically told straight to their face going forward, because people don't like uncertainty in that position. And I think you'll find the majority of players have got no problem if the club turns around and says 'listen, we're thinking about going a different way' but tell them as quickly as possible and tell them to their face. Do things the right way. DON'T MISSArsenal 'lead the race' for Nahuel Molina as Mikel Arteta adds fifth player to wishlist [RUMOUR]Anthony Martial looks set to be used in Man Utd swap deal as Erik ten Hag hatches plan [TRANSFERS]Man Utd outcast 'ready to quit' with Newcastle keen unless he gets Erik ten Hag guarantee [REPORT]  "Get off to a good start by doing things in the right way because you don't want to hear stories like 'the new manager's come and I had to pick up the newspaper to find out I'm not going to be there'. That doesn't generate a good atmosphere or good karma. "Set your stall out early, start as you mean to go on and just be completely straight with everyone. But get the staff in as soon as you possibly can."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here