With the weather set to increase in the coming days and summer on its way, more and more people are enjoying the outdoors. One issue that comes with being closer to nature though, is being closer to wasps. These flying pests can deliver painful stings and even cause serious breathing difficulties or severe swelling if you are allergic to their venom. If you have a swarm of wasps buzzing around your garden you’ll probably want to get rid of it quickly, so experts have shared ways to get rid of these pests using natural methods. The joys of entertaining outside are part of the annual summer ritual that many look forward to. Yet the minute the food arrives, so do the wasps. That's why wasp repellent plants are set to be your summer saviour. If gardeners can deter wasps with smells they don't like, they'll be less attracted to those they do, like the margarita or mojito being made in your garden bar. Even better if gardeners can do this naturally, without spraying toxic chemicals. READ MORE: How to get rid of wasps in the garden - 5 effective deterrents Dr Emily Attlee, co-founder of Seedball explained that it is best to deter wasps using plants as these pests play an “important” role in garden ecosystems. She said: “Wasps play an important role in our garden ecosystems, they are great pollinators and prey upon common garden pests such as aphids. “As such, avoiding toxic sprays or any other harmful means to keep them away is definitely best for your garden. “However should you wish to deter them from specific areas, such as tables and barbecues, plying these areas with plants is a super alternative for deterring wasps.” DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to keep bath towels soft - ‘cheap and amazing’ way [COMMENT]Lawn care: How to achieve ‘lush and healthy grass’ through mowing [TIPS]Cleaning: ‘Most effective’ way to clean washing machine drawers [EXPERT] Hollie Newton, plant guru at Sproutl agreed as she said: “Insecticides contain poisonous compounds and can result in problems, such as environmental contamination and the development of resistance in pest species. “They can also adversely affect other organisms besides insects, so it's always best to try and use natural deterrents.” With the right kind of planting, wasps are more likely to simply stay away, meaning laid-back lunches and stress-free socialising. So what's best? Not only will a herb garden improve the taste of your food and provide health-boosting benefits, certain herbs will deter wasps too. Many love the beauty and fragrance of eucalyptus in a bouquet of flowers. Knowing how to care for dried eucalyptus, the plant will continue to look lovely and scent homes. But its botanical properties are wide-ranging. As well as being distilled into essential oils for healing purposes, its scent can keep gardens and homes pest-free too. Hollie said: “We may love the blue-green eucalyptus for its fragrant leaves, but it is also disliked by wasps. “So growing it in your garden will help keep them away.” Filling borders or pots with certain types of plants will attract pollinators such as butterflies and deter pests like wasps. Hollie noted: “For a deterrent that doubles as a beautiful floral display, plant perennials like sun-loving Geraniums. “They come in pink, purple, lilac, red, pink, and white, so they look gorgeous. “Similarly, perennials like Marigolds which come in various shades, ranging from yellow and gold to orange, red, and mahogany, are also hated by wasps, and make a pretty display.”