Liverpool star Jordan Henderson was pictured having a tense conversation with Sadio Mane during their Champions League final defeat to Real Madrid on Saturday night. The Reds had entered the game hoping to win the tournament for a seventh time. However, that didn’t happen with Vinicius Jr scoring the only goal of the contest to give Los Blancos the famous trophy instead. Liverpool were beaten 1-0 by Madrid, with Vinicius Jr scoring in the 59th minute to break Jurgen Klopp’s heart. And images from Getty show Henderson and Mane having a tense exchange towards the end of the contest. Henderson appeared to be furious at his team-mate, with the former Sunderland star getting up close to the Senegal international. He wore a livid expression on his face, while also having his arms outstretched. After the game, the Liverpool duo were seen walking with Klopp after picking up their runners-up medals. Both stars seemed equally dejected, which is understandable given the agonising manner of their defeat. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz For the most part, Liverpool were the better team. They managed 24 goals across the game, with Madrid only managing four in comparison. They had nine shots on target, had 54 per cent of the ball and also made more passes, and had a better accuracy than their opponents. But, in the end, it was Madrid’s night. The La Liga titans had already won the league title prior to the game, finishing 13 points clear of fierce rivals Barcelona. And they’ve now won the Champions League for a stunning 14th time, double the amount of AC Milan. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Liverpool will stay on six triumphs for the time being. But, had they won on Saturday night and against Real in 2018, they’d have even more silverware in their trophy cabinet. Speaking after Liverpool lost, meanwhile, Klopp insisted his team would bounce back despite the crushing manner of the loss. "In the dressing room nobody feels it was a great season at the moment. We maybe need a few hours for that,” said the German. "It was the two decisions against us were the smallest margins possible. "We played a good game, not a perfect game. I don't think a perfect game is possible against an opponent set up with a deep formation. "We had a lot of shots but not the clearest. Courtois made two top saves. “We conceded a goal from a throw-in. Valverde wanted to shoot, Vinicius was there and that's it. "The boys tried everything, especially at 1-0 down then we played like we wanted to play before. “We had our midfielders too deep. It's a threat they are with counter attacks. We wanted to be more brave in the second half. “That's what we said at half-time. We played around them. We should have played more in the formation than around them. "It feels different. It's not bad to get to the final. It's a kind of success. Not the success you want to have. "I have a strong feeling we'll come again. The boys are really competitive. It's an outstanding group together. We will have an outstanding group next season. "Where's it next season? Istanbul? Book the hotel." And defender Andy Robertson said: "The dressing room is quiet, devastated. That is what happens when you don't win finals. "We had chances, came up against an unbelievable keeper. Being honest though, we could have played better. “In the second half we didn't start great and they got hold of the game. When you come up against experienced teams like that they know how to win finals. "We are a pressing team, it has worked so much for us but we have been caught back post and that's football. It is hard to get back in the game playing against against a very experienced team, they know how to see out a game."