Luis Suarez wants to return to Barcelona at the end of the season, it has been claimed. The Uruguay international was a huge hit during his time at the Nou Camp, spending seven years in Catalonia before joining Atletico Madrid in 2020. And Joan Laporta, it seems, isn’t ruling out a stunning transfer this summer. Suarez will become a free agent this summer when his Atletico Madrid contract expires. And El Chiringuito say the Uruguay international is keen to return to Barcelona and is even willing to lower his salary in order to make a move happen. Barcelona are currently managed by Xavi, who played alongside Suarez during his own playing days. And Laporta has told the 35-year-old to wait and aren’t ruling out the possibility of having him in their squad next season. Barcelona do have interest in Robert Lewandowski, who has become their top transfer target for the summer window. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz But with Bayern Munich making it clear their talisman isn’t for sale, it could mean the La Liga titans having to settle for an alternative. Barcelona do, however, know that Suarez isn’t the player he used to be. He was impressive for Atletico last season, scoring 21 goals and clocking up three assists as they won La Liga. Yet his numbers have dropped off this term, with Suarez netting 11 times and managing two assists from 32 league games. Barcelona have re-signed a few players since Xavi took over. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Dani Alves returned earlier in the campaign, with the Brazil international taking the No 8 shirt previously worn by team-mate Andres Iniesta. And Adama Traore touched down from Wolves in January on loan, though it’s unclear what the future holds for the Spain international. Suarez is the third highest-scorer in Barcelona history. Only Lionel Messi and Cesar Rodriguez netted more times than the player, who joined from Liverpool in 2014. Suarez won four La Liga crowns during his stint with the Catalan giants, as well as the Champions League in 2015. However, he was allowed to leave in 2020 after Ronald Koeman deemed him surplus to requirements. In October last year, Suarez hit out at the Koeman for the way he was treated and lifted the lid on what happened behind the scenes. "The call from Koeman to tell me that [I wasn't in his plans] lasted 40 seconds,” he said. “It's not the way to say goodbye to a legend. "First he told me that I wasn't in his plans, and then he told me that if I didn't get my contract sorted out I was going to play against Villarreal. "He lacked the personality to tell me clearly if he didn't want me or if it was really the club that didn't want me." Suarez then added: "They were very difficult days because of everything I gave to the club. "I spoke to Sofia [Suarez's wife] and Leo after the phone call. It was a complicated year due to everything. "Messi asked to leave and I was being sent away. Both of our families had a very bad time."