When blood sugars are elevated, especially over a prolonged time, signs of the disorder may begin to appear on the skin. According to the American Academy of Dermatology Association (AAD), "small and raised solid bumps" – similar to pimples – can develop. With time, these bumps turn into "patches of swollen and hard skin", which can be yellow, reddish, or brown in colouring. The medical term for this skin condition is necrobiosis lipoidica. You may notice that the surrounding area of skin has a shiny, porcelain-like appearance. Blood vessels might be visible through the skin, and the skin itself could be itchy and painful. In addition, some people might develop a dark band of velvety skin on the back of the neck, on the armpits, or by the groin; this condition is called acanthosis nigricans. READ MORE: High cholesterol: The warning signs in your body pointing to ‘excess cholesterol’ On the shins, a slight depression in the skin can be formed that is either the shape of a spot or a line; this is diabetic dermopathy. You do not need to wait for signs of high blood sugar to appear on the skin before booking a doctor's appointment. By the time symptoms do appear on the skin, you probably have had unmanaged diabetes for a while. Before manifestations develop on the skin, there are other signs of high blood sugar. The NHS listed the symptoms of high blood sugar as follows: If you identify with any of these symptoms the best course of action is to book a doctor's appointment. A quick discussion of your symptoms and a telling blood test can result in a diabetes diagnosis. If not, your doctor can look further into what may be causing your symptoms. A diabetes diagnosis If you receive a diabetes diagnosis your local healthcare team should inform you more about the condition. You may be advised to take medication and to make lifestyle adjustments. People with diabetes are encouraged to eat a healthy diet and to exercise. A free online course on how to live healthily with diabetes can be accessed here.