Arsenal can solve their striker issues for just £42.4million this summer, following the news Paulo Dybala's agent is in London. The Gunners are in desperate need of new firepower up front, with Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah both out of contract at the end of the season. The north London club are strongly interested in signing Manchester City forward Gabriel Jesus. Transfer expert Fabrizio Romano says City would be willing to allow the Brazilian to leave for as little as £42.4m. Jesus is unlikely to be enough for Arsenal if both Lacazette and Nketiah do indeed leave the club. Another player Arsenal are linked with is Juventus' Dybala. Dybala is out of contract this summer and therefore available on a free transfer. Italian outlet CalcioMercato claims the player's agent is in the capital to discuss offers from Premier League clubs. READ MORE: Man Utd stars pulled apart from 'full-on scrap' in training as horror season hits new low  Arsenal are the club named in the report to have a long-standing interest in the 28-year-old. Dybala is not an out-and-out No 9 and can play across the frontline. But, according to whoscored.com, 16 of his appearances for Juve this season have come as a centre-forward. If Arsenal could land both Jesus and Dybala, they would have solved their striker issues for as little as £42.4m. Dybala would likely demand a big signing-on fee as well as a hefty salary. But Arsenal would not have to pay a penny to Juve for his signature. Dybala has been at Juve since 2015 and has scored 115 goals in 291 appearances for the Old Lady. He has 15 goals to his name this term and his versatility would be attractive to Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'working on second deal as well as De Jong' with Ten Hag reaching out [GOSSIP]Erik ten Hag may be about to sign his own ‘Wesley Sneijder’ for Man Utd this summer [TRANSFERS]Man Utd stars 'totally flat' before season finale after being left 'annoyed' by Rangnick [REPORT]  Jesus would also bring that aspect to the Emirates. The City star has often played out wide under Pep Guardiola but has enjoyed some recent success as the main striker at the Etihad. However, the news that Erling Haaland will be moving to City this summer could have an impact on Jesus' future at the club. The 25-year-old's contract expires at the end of next season but City are still keen to get a sizable fee for the player. Up front is definitely an area Arsenal need to improve upon. Lacazette has just four Premier League goals to his name this season and only two of them have been from open play. Nketiah has scored four in his last five appearances but is stalling over a new contract. Dybala and Jesus would be two exciting signings for the Gunners but they would likely have to ensure Champions League qualification to secure both players.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here