Princess Margaret and her husband Antony Armstrong-Jones were married between 1960 and 1978. The couple tied the knot on May 6, 1960, which was 61 years ago today. What was Margaret’s style on the day like?  Daena Borrowman, the Marketing Manager at jewellerybox spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to offer her expertise. She said: “Princess Margaret was truly a maverick all her life and her wedding day was no different. “Though she looked every bit the iconic English rose that the world saw her be, she stayed true to herself by adding her own unconventional twist to the details of her special day. “Princess Margaret's wedding dress has gone on to become one of the most iconic royal wedding gowns owing to its classic timelessness.  “Her long-sleeved silk organza Norman Hartnell gown featured a voluminous skirt made of over 30 metres of fabric. “A V-neck and a well-fitted bodice and waist ensured that the gown did not overwhelm the 5’1 Princess’ figure. “Rather, its refreshingly contemporary simplicity had everyone awestruck. “So much so, that it inspired Princess Margaret's daughter in law, Serena Stanhope, to pay the sweetest tribute to the Princess at her wedding to Princess Margaret's son."  Serena wore a near replica of Princess Margaret’s wedding dress to her wedding. “This was a testament to the forward-thinking Princess’ timeless style, over three decades later.” What about Margaret’s impressive tiara? Daena continued: “Despite how striking her gown looked, it was her headpiece of choice that stole hearts on the day.  “In typical Princess Margaret fashion, she did something rather unusual for the time. “Instead of borrowing a tiara from the royal collection, the Princess wore a tiara that she herself had purchased, the Poltimore Tiara. “She bought it at an auction in 1959 from the grandson of the 4th Baron Poltimore, for around £5,500. “Unlike most royal Princesses who wear a tiara for the first time on their wedding day, Princess Margaret broke with tradition by wearing the tiara on numerous occasions before her wedding.  “Designed by Garrard in 1870, the diamond spangled silver and gold tiara is patterned with flower and scroll motifs. “It is by far, one of the most functional tiaras ever, as it can be broken down into a necklace as well as 11 brooches.” How did the Princess finish her overall wedding look? Daena commented: “A cathedral-length veil and her distinctive bouffant updo added just the right finishing touch to Princess Margaret’s wedding day look.” 