Adele had a tearful moment on video last year, exclaiming: "My show just ain't ready!" before cancelling a multi-million dollar Las Vegas tour. The Someone Like You singer has also spoken of the challenging time she had after deciding to end her marriage to charity boss Simon Konecki, but she has now announced that life is better than ever before. "What a difference a year makes!" the 34-year-old singer exclaimed in the wake of her birthday. "If time keeps healing and smoothing out all the creases in my life like it does as the years fly by, then I can’t wait to be 60! "I’ve never been happier!" she told her crowd of almost 50 million Instagram followers. "So many lessons, so many blessings to be grateful for. This is 34, and I love it here!" READ NOW: Amber Heard's low-cut charity event dress she says sparked fury shown She added appreciatively: "Thank you for the birthday love as always x" Adele posted a photo of herself posing in a dramatic puff sleeve dress, with her arms outstretched in triumph and a close-up of her face, in which she grinned broadly for the camera. Within hours, over two million people had liked the Set Fire To The Rain singer's post @c.cristinaaaaaa wrote: "HAPPY BDAY QUEEN!!", while @isjefrey replied: "I love you so much!! Earlier this year, Adele caused a stir after announcing her much-anticipated Las Vegas residency would be postponed just hours before the debut show was due to take place. She posted a tearful video apologising profusely to fans, including Brits who had travelled in the midst of a pandemic to see her. "I'm sorry it's last minute. I'm so upset and I'm really embarrassed and I'm so sorry to everyone that's travelled," she told the world back in February. She added: "We’ve tried absolutely everything that we can to pull it together in time and for it to be good enough for you, but we’ve been absolutely destroyed by delivery delays and Covid. “Half my team are down with Covid – they still are – and it’s impossible to finish the show. DON'T MISS... Nicole Kidman, 54, looks almost unrecognisable in make-up free photo [PHOTOS] Richard Gere, 72, looks loved up with third wife Alejandra Silva, 39 [INSIGHT] Andrea McLean watches Met Gala from afar as she turns up uninvited [LATEST]  "I can’t give you what I have right now and I’m gutted, and I’m sorry it’s so last minute.” The singer had been on track to earn a reported £500,000 per show. However, she promised: "We're going to reschedule all the dates, we're on it right now. "I'm going to finish my show. I want to get it to where it's supposed to be [but] we've been up against so much and it just ain't ready." In spite of the hiccups, she performed at the BRIT Awards 2022, to enormous acclaim from delighted fans. She also seems to be enjoying a successful relationship with sports agent Rich Paul, and has been seen flaunting a gem on her ring finger for more than two months. In spite of her rollercoaster year, she assures fans that she is now happier and more at peace than ever.