Prince Harry, 37, and Meghan Markle, 40, confirmed on Friday, also their son Archie's third birthday, that they were "excited and honoured" to attend the commemorations for the monarch's milestone in June with their eldest child and his sister Lilibet. But the Queen has limited the Trooping the Colour balcony appearance to working members of her family, with the Duke of York and Harry and Meghan missing out. Royal commentator Neil Sean has since claimed the royal couple are being "blamed" as other royals will be left off the balcony. Speaking on his YouTube channel, Mr Sean said: "What's interesting to note now is thanks to Harry and Meghan's meddling and ridiculous PR stunts that lesser royals simply don't get to be on the balcony on such a historic event. "We're talking about the children of Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex. "According to a lot of people they're all blaming Harry and Meghan for this." It is not known which elements of the four-day Jubilee weekend Harry and Meghan could make an appearance at. READ MORE: Royal POLL: Would you boo Meghan and Harry on UK return?  A spokeswoman for the couple said: "Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are excited and honoured to attend The Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations this June with their children." It will be the first time Harry and Meghan have brought their family to the UK since leaving for the US. Lili's first birthday falls during the Jubilee weekend on June 4 and she is yet to meet the Queen, the Prince of Wales and other members of the family. The monarch's decision to only include royals carrying out official public duties was taken "after careful consideration", Buckingham Palace said. The symbolic move by the Queen has been interpreted as a snub to Harry and Meghan, who quit the monarchy for a new life in the US two years ago, and to Andrew, who was cast out of the institution over his civil sexual assault case. On June 2, Trooping the Colour, the sovereign's official birthday parade, will kick start the four days of Jubilee festivities, with 18 members of the royal family set to gather on the famous frontage, with the Queen "looking forward" to the weekend of celebrations. A Palace spokesman said: "After careful consideration, the Queen has decided this year's traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday June 2 will be limited to Her Majesty and those members of the royal family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of the Queen." DON'T MISS Prince Harry memoir: Americans will not 'warm' to Queen Camilla [INTERVIEW]Meghan 'loathed' England but may 'come back for biggest role' - claim [VIDEO]Princess Eugenie's podcast project questioned over Andrew's row [ANALYSIS] Joining the Queen on the balcony for Trooping will be the Prince of Wales, the Duchess of Cornwall, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, the Earl and Countess of Wessex, the Princess Royal, the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester, the Duke of Kent, Princess Alexandra, and Vice Admiral Sir Tim Laurence. Also set to appear for the historic occasion will be Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. The head of state has made an exception for Anne's husband Vice Admiral Sir Tim, who is not a working royal, and her two youngest grandchildren Lady Louise and James, and her Cambridge great-grandchildren George, Charlotte and Louis. The Palace spokesman added: "In addition the Cambridge and Wessex children are also expected to appear as is Sir Tim Laurence, who the Queen is happy to attend as a frequent attendee and support for the Princess Royal on official engagements."