Naga Munchetty, 47, has broken her silence over Dan Walker’s BBC Breakfast exit by taking to Instagram and commenting on a post in which he uploaded photos from his huge, star-filled “leaving do”. After six years as a BBC Breakfast presenter, Dan spent his last day on the red sofa earlier this week. He announced his decision to leave the morning news show on Twitter back in April and hosted his last show on Tuesday. Dan was inundated with messages from his co-stars after his last appearance on BBC Breakfast. Naga has become one of the latest of Dan’s former colleagues to wish him good luck in his next role. On Wednesday evening, co-hosts Sally Nugent and Naga Munchetty and sports presenter Mike Bushell were among many who joined him at a secret Salford bar. READ MORE: Amber Heard could face perjury probe over charitable donation claims He then posted snaps from the event on Instagram and captioned the images: “What a wonderful evening with friends and family at my leaving do tonight. “So many surprises and just so much fun being together with so many gorgeous humans. “Thanks to everyone who came. “I will miss you all.” Naga commented: “Have a ball Dan x.” Gabby Logan also commented, writing: “Good luck DW.” Dan’s next career steps will see him joining BBC rival Channel 5 to present the Channel 5 News show. When speaking about his replacement on his last show, Dan said he had “no idea” as he weighed in on who would be taking over from him. DON'T MISS:Amber Heard 'slips up' in deposition, Johnny Depp's lawyer claims [INSIGHT]Dick Van Dyke, 96, steps out in rare appearance with young wife, 50 [PICS]Tom Hanks fans cause stir as they spot 'Forrest Gump' watching Queen [COMMENT] He said: “I hope that they care about the programme. “I hope they care about the people they work with and I hope they care about the viewers as well.” Jon Kay is currently the favourite to replace Dan on the BBC Breakfast show. Sally Nugent, 50, had shared a selfie of her and Jon Kay on social media. Dan reacted by commenting: “The future right there [fingers crossed emoji] [trophy emoji].” Morning Live presenter Gethin Jones was also thought to be a possible replacement for the BBC Breakfast host.