 In a handover segment between Good Morning Britain and Lorraine, hosts Susanna Reid and Richard Madeley sent their support to ITV presenter Lorraine. As a friend of Deborah James, Lorraine emotionally spoke about the latest developments on her deteriorating condition and revealed she had hoped she would be back in the studio one day. The bowel cancer ambassador has set up a "buy a drink" fund page for people to donate to Cancer Research UK.    Lorraine couldn't speak highly enough about her No Butts campaign co-star in the emotional handover. She said: "She's amazing, isn't she, just absolutely astonishing." Lorraine mentioned the "fantastic idea" where viewers could "buy her a drink to celebrate and put that money into the fund." Since Tuesday's episode started, the fund had increased by almost a "quarter of a million" pounds, with the number still rising. Read More: 'Couldn’t save him' Will Young addresses decision to throw twin out days before his death   The Scottish broadcast continued: "I really thought, as I always do, that she should bounce back because she always does. "But she is getting very very well looked after by everybody that loves her." Susanna chimed in: "I actually met Deborah for the first time at your birthday lunch, and I know what a special connection you have with her, so I think absolutely what she is doing is remarkable." When Lorraine's primetime show came on, she continued her heartfelt tribute to Bowel Babe and said: "I went to see her and although she was very thin she was Deborah, she was making everyone laugh.  "I thought, this is just another hiccup along the line." She ended the tribute: "She's just remarkable, Deborah if you are watching, we are sending all of our love." Deborah tweeted the news late on Monday evening and said: "The tweet I never wanted to write. The time has come to say goodbye. "Five years to prepare, doesn't make it any easy. I'm under hospice at home care, & I'm spending my time surrounded by my family. DON’T MISS…'White working class lads don't get a look in' GB News guest slams diverse BBC coverage [LATEST]'Disgusted' BBC Breakfast sparks uproar over Russian news coverage 'Don't want to see [LATEST]'It was a lie!' Susanna Reid skewers Wes Streeting over Angela Rayner row [LATEST]   "Please buy me a [drink emoji] to see me out and raise vital funds. http://bowelbabe.org." (sic) The cancer spokeswoman received an outpour of love and support from followers for her candid post. Josh Rom said: "You are nothing short of inspirational and have made such an incredible impact. "Thinking of your family and friends. Sending you so much love x."  