Manchester United are poised to end one of their worst-ever Premier League seasons. Ralf Rangnick’s team are in action against Crystal Palace on Sunday, with a place in next season’s Champions League on the line. So, ahead of the final match of the campaign, Express Sport will now take a look at their five most-disappointing players this term. United paid £80million for Harry Maguire back in the summer transfer window of 2019 because they felt he had the potential to revitalise their backline. Yet while the England international can be a good asset when on form, his stock has never been lower. Maguire has been United skipper during a season that has gone from bad to worse, with his own performances growing increasingly dire as the weeks have gone on. With Erik ten Hag set to attend the match with Palace, Maguire is one of the players fighting for his future. If he can’t get his form back, then it’s possible the Red Devils will part ways with the 29-year-old - especially given their interest in Jurrien Timber and Pau Torres, of Ajax and Villarreal respectively. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings At the start of the season, United allowed Rashford to undergo shoulder surgery. They did so because they believed that, after two years of playing through the pain, the England international would return significantly improved. Yet that hasn’t happened, with Rashford instead toiling under both Rangnick and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer this term. With just five goals to his name, with the 24-year-old is set to finish the campaign with the worst goalscoring statistics of his professional career. He’s another player who Ten Hag has to decide on, though staff at Old Trafford would prefer for Rashford to stay and try and silence his critics next term instead. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag At the end of last season, Edinson Cavani appeared ready to be United’s main striker after ousting Anthony Martial from Solskjaer’s starting line-up. Fast-forward a year, and there’s no denying his second season at Old Trafford has been a major disappointment. Cavani has scored just twice for United this term. He’s been unable to get into the team ahead of Cristiano Ronaldo, while he’s often missed too many matches through injury. Cavani has, too, withdrawn himself from contention at numerous stages of the season. Now, a new challenge either in South America and La Liga awaits. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz In the same summer United spent big on Maguire, they also made a significant investment on Aaron Wan-Bissaka. Yet the former Crystal Palace star is now set to be offloaded by Ten Hag after a horrendous campaign where he’s fallen out of favour under Rangnick. United staff think Wan-Bissaka’s failure to integrate has made him yet another dud signing in the years since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement. Loans at Crystal Palace and Atletico Madrid have been mooted. But United appear ready to accept a permanent deal as well, with Wan-Bissaka struggling to get into the team ahead of Diogo Dalot. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Sure, there’s no denying Jesse Lingard hasn’t been given nearly enough chances at United since returning from a successful loan spell at West Ham. But the brutal truth of the matter is that, barring good displays vs Newcastle and West Ham earlier in the season, he’s failed to shine when called upon. Lingard, when he’s been given the chance to start matches, has often gone missing and failed to make an impact. He’s primed to leave Old Trafford behind at the end of the season, with the playmaker unwilling to hang around for talks with Ten Hag. Newcastle are in the mix for his signing, as well as West Ham, AC Milan and Paris Saint-Germain.