The Stables Summer Series starts this weekend with the first in a line of show-stopping acts at the incredible Hylands Estate in Chelmsford, Essex. The public park, which was the home to V Festival for almost two decades, is branching out into shining the spotlight on some homegrown heroes. And the fun starts this weekend on Friday, May 20. Tickets are out now, get them here. Kicking off the long line of events is Indo-British Poet and World-Music performer Shephali Frost. The artist combines contemporary jazz music with ancient Ghazals, Nazms and Sufi music, on what will no doubt be a truly stunning evening. Saturday, May 21, will see the arrival of Beans on Toast, a local folk legend who "sings songs, tells stories, and puts the world to rights". And this is just the first weekend of incredible acts brought to Hylands Estate, in collaboration with Hot Box Live Events, a Chelmsford-based music venue. Hylands Estate is hosting no fewer than six live music weekend events through to September in a collection of musical gatherings that Hylands Estate Assistant Manager Edward Price says will be "captivating". Price said: "There are so many events at Hylands throughout the year including the inaugural Creamfields South, but we’ve never had anything quite like the Summer Series before. The Stables, which is an emerging arts venue, is a great place for atmospheric small gigs, and we’ve loved working with Hot Box to bring talented musicians to perform to visitors on Open Estate Days." He added: "There’s something really captivating about coming to hear music after hours in the grounds of a historic building, especially when everyone else has gone home, so these sessions feel like the natural next step for this collaboration." And it's easy to see why he's so excited. Not only are Chelmsford's hometown heroes Black Pines gracing the stage on July 17, but also a former Oasis member. Andy Bell hits the stage on Sunday, June 19 with his Space Station (his solo instrumental persona) - a famous face fans might instantly recognise from playing in Oasis, Beady Eye, and Hurricane #1. Artistic Director at Hot Box Live Events, Jon Hughes, said having an open-air venue like Hylands Estate's Stables is "wonderful". He added: "We’re really proud of our programme for The Stables. The Summer Series will give people the chance to get up close to established stars, catch acts before they hit the big time and mingle with fellow music fans in this beautiful setting." Tickets for Hylands Estate's Stables Summer Series are out now. Get your tickets here. Look at the full line-up of events here.