Nadia Sawalha, who usually dons a luscious head of curls, left viewers distracted when she stepped onto the Loose Women stage with a sleek new look. The ITV host was also showered with compliments by her co-stars as she took her seat on the panel. Instead of showing off her naturally curly hair, Nadia decided to wear her hair straight. At the beginning of the show, Kaye Adams pointed out Nadia's new look and said they would explain why she decided to change her hair later on in the show. "You know those girls that flick it, I don't know how to do that," Nadia replied. Kaye chipped in: "The thing is we are going to have to change your name because you don't look like your personality anymore." "Your personality is in your hair," Frankie Bridge went on to say. Kaye thought Nadia's new name should be Arlene, Frankie suggested Gabby, while Carol McGiffin said: "You definitely look like a Janice." "If I'm Janice, then what is my job?" Nadia asked as Carol replied: "You look like you should be on Dragons' Den." However, her co-stars had other ideas because Kaye thought Arlene would be a sales manager. Although, Frankie believed Gabby would be married to the sales manager. Following the introduction of Nadia's new look, viewers took to social media to compliment the panellist. Mariam penned: "@loosewomen I think Nadia looks like a Julie now #loosewomen." "It looks better #Loosewomen," M said as Diane added: "Nadia keep your hair that way it looks so much better #LooseWomen." While Elizabeth complimented: "Liking Nadia’s straight hair #loosewomen." DON'T MISS...EastEnders theory: Stacey Slater finds happiness with Walford resident [THEORY]'My life changed' Vera's Brenda Blethyn opens up on marriage breakdown [INSIGHT]Coronation Street fans work out Phill's sinister link to Pat Phelan [REACTION] "@nadiasawalha Loving your straight hair, suits you #loosewomen," user @TeamColNolan tweeted. Although, some viewers preferred Nadis'a curly locks as Hayley Davies commented: "No Nadia, I absolutely love your curls @nadiasawalha #loosewomen." Later on in the show, it was revealed that Nadia's look was inspired by Kate Middleton. According to the Duchess of Cambridge's hairdresser, tucking your hair behind the ears will make you look younger. Despite Carol praising her co-star for looking "sophisticated", Nadia admitted she was conscious that straight hair exposed her neck more. She explained her curly hair usually covers her neck but having straight hair doesn't. "It does what it says it does," Kaye continued. "it does show you've got fabulous cheekbones and it is slimming on your face." "Does it?" Nadia said in shock before Carol chipped in: "You don't look mean, you just look more sophisticated and cleaner." Loose Women airs weekdays at 12.30pm on ITV.