  Mike Hagerty has died at the age of 67, a co-star has confirmed. Somebody, Somewhere actress Bridget Everett shared the sad news on social media today.     Bridget said that Mike, who was best known for starring as Mr Treeger in Friends and on HBO’s Somebody, Somewhere, would be “sorely missed”. In a touching tribute to her late co-worker, she wrote: "With great sadness, the family of Michael G. Hagerty announced his death yesterday in Los Angeles. “A beloved character actor, his love of his hometown of Chicago and his family were the cornerstones of his life. “Mike, a devoted husband, is survived by his wife Mary Kathryn, his sister Mary Ann Hagerty [and] her wife Kathleen O’Rourke, and their daughter Meg." READ MORE: Jane Fonda, 84, reflects on 'final act' in career in new interview       “He will be sorely missed.” Mike’s cause of death has not yet been revealed. The actress shared a second Instagram post featuring a selection of photos of the two of them together. In the caption, Bridget penned: "I loved Mike the instant I met him.       "He was so special. Warm, funny, never met a stranger. "We are devastated he has passed. “Mike was adored by the entire cast and crew of Somebody Somewhere. "Our thoughts are with his wife and family." READ MORE... Steph McGovern and partner forced to make change due to daughter  [INSIGHT] Nicole Kidman, 54, looks almost unrecognisable in make-up free photo [UPDATE] Amber Heard's low-cut charity event dress she says sparked fury shown [LATEST]     The late character actor starred on a number of sitcoms over the years, but he is probably best remembered for his recurring role as Mr. Treeger on the popular TV series Friends. His last role was in HBO’s 2022 comedy-drama television series Somebody Somewhere, which was renewed for a second season back in February. In the show he played farmer Ed Miller, father of main character Sam (Bridget). Mike was known for playing comedic blue-collar workers and, aside from his Friends role, he also portrayed the manager of a muffler shop on HBO's Lucky Louie.      The actor has appeared in several high profile comedies, including Cheers, Seinfeld and Curb Your Enthusiasm. He was also a regular on The George Carlin Show, an American sitcom that ran from January 1994 to July 1995. Nick began his acting career with The Second City, an improvisational theatre troupe based in Chicago. He has also enjoyed small roles in a number of films, including Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me, Inspector Gadget and Wayne’s World.   