The most common ant in the UK is the black ant, which Britons may find in their gardens and homes. With warmer weather on the horizon, fans of cleaning guru Mrs Hinch have taken to dedicated cleaning pages on Facebook to share how to get rid of pesky ants in homes using kitchen cupboard items. The cleaning enthusiasts claimed that ants “hate” these items and “kills them from the inside”. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to get rid of ants in her home. Michelle Watkins wrote: “I desperately need help/tips on how to get rid of ants in my house, I know they don't do any harm but they are everywhere upstairs downstairs and out the front and back. “They make me itch and frustrated as I have tried ant bait but they are still here please any help will be appreciated.” Ants can cause havoc both indoors as well as in the garden. READ MORE: Garden pests: Mrs Hinch fans share how to get rid of ants As the weather turns warmer, households may notice more pests appearing in their homes including ants which will be looking for food and shelter to keep their colony alive. According to Mrs Hinch fans, chemicals are not needed to get rid of ants. Instead a simple concoction of icing sugar and baking soda will “kill them”. Jane Holden said: “Baking soda mixed with icing sugar. They take it back to the nest and it spreads. “The baking soda dries out their bodies and kills them from the inside.” DON'T MISS: Cleaning: ‘Easy’ way to unblock sink drains - how to avoid blockages [EXPERT]Property: How to ‘change’ the ‘feel of a room’ and boost house value [TIPS]Cleaning: How to clean washing machine drawers - 'cheap and effective’ [COMMENT] Marie Hollingworth agreed: “Icing sugar mixed with a bit of baking soda, they eat the sugar and the baking soda swells inside them and kills them.” Nadine Fletcher commented: “Baking soda and icing sugar, spread along their path and leave it there for a few days. “Really works well and it’s the cheapest method I’ve found.” Michelle Lever suggested: “A combination of icing sugar and baking soda works so well. “The baking soda helps to dry out the ants, which ends up killing them, while the icing sugar draws ants in.” Baking soda kills ants and it is one of the easiest and cheapest ways of getting rid of them once and for all. It is a good, safe alternative to chemical-based commercial ant killers. However, leaving a trail of baking soda on its own is unlikely to be effective. Simply because ants aren’t attracted to it. It’s almost as if they know what you’re up to, and they’ll run right around it, leaving you more frustrated. With this in mind, you need to trick them. Just mix it with something that ants love like sugar. It has to be powdered sugar though because it has a similar consistency to baking soda. Ants are known to be clever little critters, and they’ll sift through the mix and only eat the sugar if it’s a different size.