Over the past few years, the Marvel Cinematic Universe has ground to a halt. After the incredible Avengers Endgame, Earth's mightiest heroes were left in pieces. Iron Man and Captain America's stories were brought to a resounding end, so newcomers like Falcon and Spider-Man were left to make bigger moves into the crime-fighting team. Going forward, the as-of-yet untitled Avengers 5 promises to continue the storyline of the world's mightiest heroes. And Nick Fury star Samuel L Jackson has teased his return to the series will be changed in a big way after the upcoming Secret Invasion series. The new Disney Plus show Secret Invasion hits TV screens later this year and will star a collection of new and returning heroes. This line-up not only includes Maria Hill and Talos, but also some newcomers, including Emilia Clarke, of Game of Thrones fame, and Kingsley Ben-Adir. Fury is, of course, at the heart of the storyline, and Jackson explained how the evolution of his character makes him less "bad**s" than before. But first, he confessed he is not always completely sure where the Avengers films are headed. He said: "There are things that even I really didn't know about Nick Fury that I just found out." Secret Invasion was recently announced to be delving into the stories behind the inhabitants of Earth-616 during the five-year gap of the Blip. For those not in the know, The Blip was the span of time when half of the universe's inhabitants were erased from existence by Thanos using the Infinity Gauntlet adorned with the Infinity Stones. "The minds behind what happened during the Blip are fantastic," Jackson explained. "That's part of what we're uncovering when we do this series now." Perhaps the most interesting part of Fury's return to the screen is the changes he is going to go through. It seems he will not be as aggressive and authoritative as he was before. READ MORE: Captain America 4 ‘sees Moon Knight team up against Secret Empire’ Secret Invasion was recently announced to be delving into the stories behind the inhabitants of Earth-616 during the five-year gap of the Blip. For those not in the know, The Blip was the span of time when half of the universe's inhabitants were erased from existence by Thanos using the Infinity Gauntlet adorned with the Infinity Stones. "The minds behind what happened during the Blip are fantastic," Jackson explained. "That's part of what we're uncovering when we do this series now." Perhaps the most interesting part of Fury's return to the screen is the changes he is going to go through. It seems he will not be as aggressive and authoritative as he was before.  Jackson said Secret Wars is "giving him an opportunity to explore something other than the bada**ery of who Nick Fury is". He added: "I've had a good time doing that, and I'm looking forward to people sharing that aspect of who he is when this series does happen." Fans have already seen a small change in the leader of S.H.I.E.L.D. in Spider-Man: Far From Home. During the movie's events, they learned that Fury has spent a lot of time on the Moon with the Skrulls, looking after the company's logistics from afar. But going forward into Avengers 5, will his role in the superhero team change even more? In the meantime, there is a lot to look after now that the Avengers have been destroyed. DON'T MISS...Captain America 4 ‘sees Moon Knight team up against Secret Empire’ [INFO]Doctor Strange star and her husband jailed for child sex offences [NEWS]Chris Hemsworth was turned down for Thor - another Marvel star tested [THOR CASTING] Fury will likely have a lot of new heroes to deal with in the coming movies. Not only is there a new Black Widow, Yelena Belova, and a potential new Hawkeye in Kate Bishop, but there are some newcomers to the scene. America Chavez was just introduced in Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness, with the power to hop through the unlimited universes of the MCU. Also, Shang-Chi is guaranteed to be one of the strongest Avengers around in the near future with his powerful ten rings. Even more stressful is the potential return of the original Captain America actor, Chris Evans. Last year Deadline reported that Evans would be reprising his role as Steve Rogers - despite the fact his own character has been retired. However, it wouldn't be the original Captain America making a comeback - it would be the Hydra version of the hero from another universe. With the multiverse now well and truly open, Fury might be faced with alternate (read: evil) versions of his friends. How will he handle that? Secret Invasions is due to hit Disney Plus this year. Avengers 5 does not yet have a release date. SOURCE