Davina has presented a whole host of other successful shows, including ITV's The Biggest Loser and Long Lost Family, and Sky One's Got to Dance. The TV star has also had success as a fitness instructor, releasing home workout videos and her own mobile fitness app. Recently, she has left her home in Wadhurst, East Sussex, which she had been renting for 10 years, as she was building her dream family home in Tunbridge Wells. Her move to Sussex came after her split with former husband Matthew Robertson in 2017. Robertson himself is a well-known TV personality, having been the presenter for Channel 4's Pet Rescue. The pair were married in 2000 and have three children together. Thought to be worth approximately £3.4million, McCall reportedly moved to the new Kent home late last year with her boyfriend Michael Douglas and children Holly, Tilly and Chester. READ MORE: Kate & William: Inside Adelaide Cottage- 'much better option' for home Speaking to Woman & Home in 2020, she revealed the exciting news of her Tunbridge Wells property. She said: "I'm building a house! My kids and I have been renting and we were trying to find a plot of land. So we're doing it together. "This year is going to be super stressful, but really fun. It's the next phase of our lives – a house that we've all built and everyone gets to choose how they want their bedrooms. "It was tough for the kids when we sold our house after Matthew and I split up, so it's nice to say, 'fresh house, fresh start'." Fans of the television sensation have caught glimpses of the stunning property over Davina’s social media platforms, as she has recorded several workout videos from home. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to keep bath towels soft - ‘cheap and amazing’ way [COMMENT]Garden pests: ‘Easy to grow’ plants to act as wasp repellents [TIPS]Cleaning: ‘Most effective’ way to clean washing machine drawers [EXPERT] Pale grey units, white and grey worktops and wooden floors keep the interior simple and classic, while an island unit and American-style fridge offers Davina and her family plenty of space. Her dining room houses a round dining table positioned in the bay window, surrounded by mustard and burnt orange chairs. A video of Davina hoovering revealed the back wall of her former bedroom was taken up entirely with cream cupboards and wardrobes. She also had an impressive brown leather Chesterfield bed with two matching brown wooden bedside tables and metallic bronze lamps. More recently, she revealed her bedroom has grey carpets and cream wardrobes, with a leather armchair and a dressing table positioned near the window. Davina posed inside a huge white walk-in wardrobe with rails for her clothes and cupboards for her boots. A mirror at one end allows the star to see her outfits – although, at the time, it showed her pet cat looking out of the window! Davina has her very own study as seen in a photo of herself during a video call to discuss her podcast, Making The Cut. It features brown wooden cupboards with glass doors, and a selection of cork pinboards where Davina keeps notes and reminders. The most popular houses in this region over the last year were detached properties which were fetching an average price of £914,771. Semi-detached houses sold for an average price of £481,953. Overall, sold prices in Tunbridge Wells over the last year were one percent down on the previous year and 10 percent up on the 2018 peak of £474,738. The area is well-known for its world-famous gardens, fairy-tale moated castles and mellow country manors. Residents have options to browse among the chic independent shops of the collonaded Pantiles and the High Street, with buzzy cafes bars, music and one-of-a-kind shops.