Millions of people who are in receipt of Universal Credit are eligible for discounts on their broadband known as “social tariffs”. These social tariffs are available to an estimated 4.2 million households across the country who claim this support. Despite this, only 1.2 percent of eligible households are receiving social tariff support, according to media regulator Ofcom. Ofcom is therefore calling on broadband providers to advertise their deals for Universal Credit claimants more openly in a bid to further assist those most in need. Lindsey Fussell, Ofcom's Network and Communications group director, said: “Phone and broadband are vital to our lives, but many households’ budgets are being seriously squeezed. “So it’s crucial that people who are struggling to afford their bills get the support they need. “We’ve set out clear expectations on the steps providers should take, and we’ll be keeping a close eye on firms to make sure they’re treating customers fairly.” READ MORE: Woman, 88, in tears after losing £36,000 savings - after 'scrimping' for 50 years She added: “Social tariffs are an important way for financially vulnerable households to get a decent service at a lower cost, and providers like BT, Virgin Media, Community Fibre, Hyperoptic and others are all doing their bit to help out. “Providers are also incentivised to offer these types of tariffs, as Openreach has offered to waive the connection fees providers are faced with, should they opt to connect vulnerable households to their network]. “If you’re claiming one or more Government benefits in your household, you could be entitled to switch to these tariffs, which could reduce your broadband bills by hundreds of pounds a year on average. “If a social tariff isn’t for you, or isn’t currently available at your location, try considering what you need from your broadband and mobile before locking into a contract and don’t overpay for data or speeds you don’t need.”  However, criticism has been directed at the wider broadband industry for hiking prices and services above the rate of inflation. Consumer watchdog Which? has taken aim at the expensive, and often, poor broadband service being rolled out in the UK. Lisa Barber, Which? Computing Editor, said: “It is simply not good enough that broadband customers are still suffering frequent drop outs, slow speeds and a generally poor internet service at a time when everyday life relies so heavily on a good connection. “To add insult to injury, despite the cost of living crisis many providers have not hesitated to impose above-inflation price hikes. “If you’re currently out of contract and your provider is not giving you a good service or you don’t want your bills to go up, shop around and consider switching.” Examples of broadband providers who are stepping up to the plate to help their customers include BT, who have two social tariff packages for Universal Credit claimants. BT’s BT Home Essentials ‘Unlimited Fibre Essential Plan’ costs £15 a month for those in receipt of Universal Credit, the Guarantee Element of Pension Credit, and​ ​Employment and Support Allowance. The broadband provider’s alternative ‘Unlimited Fibre Plan’ comes to £20 for those who get the same DWP benefits. Similarly, Virgin Media’s social tariff offering costs £15 a month for Universal Credit claimants who want to get the provider’s Essential Broadband package. Anyone who is in receipt of Universal Credit is encouraged to reach out to their broadband company to see if they are social tariffs.