TalkTV host and broadcaster Jeremy Kyle believes Labour leader Keir Starmer is highly unlikely ever to lead the party as Prime Minister. Kyle was joined by journalist Tom Newton Dunn on his new TalkTV show to discuss the 25 years since Labour's historic victory and what is to come from the party with Starmer at its helm. Newton-Dunn noted how he feels Starmer leans to the left, which may influence who does or doesn't vote for Labour. He said: "We know Starmer is pretty left-wing. "Starmer is often said to me as the most left-wing person in his shadow cabinet." Newton-Dunn added he believes Starmer is just now "beginning to understand what you need to win" and the upcoming "local elections" could be a tell-tale of where the country is currently sitting. The 56-year-old now hosts a new primetime show on TalkTV, three years after his ITV daytime programme was axed. Kyle and Newton-Dunn spoke about the Labour Party and if they will ever head the government again ahead of the local elections on Thursday. The host remarked: "I don't think he'll ever be Prime Minister of this country. "I don't think the British people will ever forgive him on Brexit. "I don't care what anyone tells me, that's just the way I think." The pair were discussing Tony Blair's run in office as the Labour leader when Kyle mentioned Starmer. Kyle remarked: "25 years since Blair scored that landslide today, I didn't know that?" "25 years to the day, Her Majesty invited Tony Blair to the police and asked if he would like to form an administration and a government," Newton-Dunn confirmed. DON’T MISS…Big Bang Theory’s Kaley Cuoco in tears as she pays tribute to co-star 'Helped me so much' [LATEST]'Didn't want to' DI Ray star shares concerns over portraying ‘racist’ role in ITV series [LATEST]Jennie Bond on exactly why the royals will NOT stand with Prince Andrew [LATEST] Many viewers took to Twitter to comment on Kyle's remarks with Shane Rosser agreeing with the host: "Good for you Jeremy Kyle. "I think that most people do not want Keir Starmer in as PM, but the woke legacy media, aka @BBC @GMB @itvnews @Channel4News and @SkyNews will want Keir Starmer in as PM." Keith Garland added: "Nobody is more scared of Keir Starmer becoming Prime Minister than Keir Starmer himself. After all he'll have to get some policies." "I agree. Labour and Lib Dems tried to overturn democracy I will never forget," @278Jas chimed in.  