 Many holidaymakers have been dealing with rising airport parking prices at a time when thousands are looking to go on holiday over half term. Some passengers have been forced to rethink their journeys to Birmingham Airport after noticing a rise in parking charges at the site.  Regular travellers reported being quoted "double" the price they usually pay to park for a week at BHX. NCP, which manages the airport's seven car parks, said demand for spaces was currently "very high" and chargers were regularly reviewed. But one frequent flyer said they would now consider alternative transport to the airport given the ongoing cost of living crisis. Keith Bell, who regularly flies to Europe for work, said he had noticed parking costs at the airport "steadily rise" since the start of the year. READ MORE: Driver accuses airport of 'scam' after he was fined £39 for drop-off  He added: “As if the current climate of price rises isn’t enough you have to hike your parking prices by over 100 percent. "I was appalled when I saw the charge this past week. As a weekly user I’ve seen the price steadily rise over the past months but the hike last week was disgraceful. “Also it seems they are hiking the price by the hour as, when I first tried to book, it was quoted at £208 but I thought it was a mistake so I ended the session. “When I tried again an hour later it had been hiked up even further [to £229]. Not wanting it to go even higher, I had no choice but to book,” he told Birmingham Live. DON'T MISSMotorists slam cashless parking as ‘totally discriminatory’ [SHOCKING]Drivers warned of using 'not good' hypermiling techniques to save fuel [INSIGHT]Motorists go ‘unpunished’ for parking on your drive thanks to loophole [WARNING]  Earlier in March, Irish comedian Dara Ó Briain was caught out by Heathrow Airport’s drop off charge. He tweeted: "Wow, @HeathrowAirport. Terminal 2 now charges £5 just to drop someone off, with an £80 fine if you didn’t see the sign. “Christ, do companies have to monetise everything?" According to new research from Car Lease Special Offers, it was found that paying for parking on the day means drivers are spending a lot more money.  The study looked at parking quotes for a week-long stay, with each pricing quote a month in advance. The biggest saving is at Manchester Airport, where booking in advance for a week’s parking would cost around £84. However, turning up on the day and paying for a week will cost as much as £406, a staggering £302 more. London City isn't much better, where paying in advance for a week costs £123.49 but turning up on the day is £420 - a £297 difference.  Meanwhile Birmingham Airport charges £68.99 for a pre-booked week but £343 for an on-the-day week costing drivers £274 extra. The cheapest airport in the study was Belfast, where a pre-booked week costs £39.99 and a week's ticket on the day £65. Speaking on the Martin Lewis Money Show: Live, the money saving expert urged drivers to take his advice and book early when looking for airport parking before jetting off. He said: “When parking at the airport, book ahead. Even if it’s on the day. “Better still, book earlier and there are comparison sites for that too.” At Manchester Airport, it would cost £400 to park for a week, but when pre-booked on the morning of the flight, it only costs £130 for a week. It is possible to get holiday car hire for as little as £15 per day by booking early, with Martin Lewis suggesting that drivers should book in advance. A Birmingham Airport spokesperson previously told Birmingham Live: "We offer a wide range of on-site parking options varying in price and type of product eg surface parking, multi-storey and valet which suit the needs of our customers. For the best possible choice of product, and the best rates, customers are advised to book early. Prices and availability will always vary by season and capacity available.” Express.co.uk have contacted Birmingham Airport for a comment.