Arsenal legend Ian Wright fears that Tottenham could become a ‘real problem’ if they are able to re-sign midfielder Christian Eriksen. The playmaker is out of contract at the end of the season at Brentford. Eriksen has been one of the signings of the season, joining the Bees in January and playing a key role in their mid-table finish. He has scored once and assisted four in 10 Premier League performances, and those may not do justice to his influence. But Brentford could be set to lose the Denmark international at the end of the season when his six-month contract expires. Manchester United, Newcastle and Tottenham are amongst the clubs linked with Eriksen. And Ian Wright has told Premier League Productions that Spurs could become a real force if they do manage to secure the signature of their former star. The Gunners hero said: “They need creativity in the midfield Tottenham. They need something. READ MORE: Bayern Munich may turn attentions to Richarlison if Mane bid fails “They need a Christian Eriksen-type of player who can knit that team together and then Tottenham are going to be a real problem for people.” Eriksen made 305 career appearances for Spurs over the course of seven years, becoming a fan’s favourite. The Dane was then signed by Inter Milan, managed by now-Tottenham boss Antonio Conte – and the Italian could be keen to reunite with the 30-year-old. However, Eriksen may not even leave Brentford, and manager Thomas Frank remains hopeful that the midfielder decides to commit his future to his side. DON'T MISSLiverpool target Tchouameni refuses to rule out summer moveArsenal and Liverpool target Gakpo speaks out on futureLiverpool's forgotten man proves Neville wrong with title intervention He said: “I am convinced there is a good chance he can wear the Brentford shirt. I know I am optimistic but I also picked up the phone and said, ‘Hey do you want to come to Brentford?’ No one thought about that six months ago. I am convinced we will have a chance. “The way I will see it for us is it is a win-win. He helped the team, he gave something to the fans they had never seen before at this level. We helped him back to his football life again. For Christian, it is a win-win. Either he signs with us and everyone is going to be happy and the fans will build a statue of him outside the stadium in two or three years’ time, or he goes to a bigger level and fans will applaud him and we will all say, ‘Thank you for this time, go forward’.”