Mrs Hinch fans often share cleaning advice on dedicated social media pages, including how to use white vinegar. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Danielle Louise wrote: “Does anyone use white vinegar on here? If so, how do you use it for cleaning?” White vinegar is great as a natural, nontoxic cleaning product, killing household bacteria. It can also dissolve hard water, cut through grime and soften bath towels. Available to pick up for as little as 29p, it can be mixed with lemon juice to leave a fresh smell around the home. Danielle’s post attracted more than 50 comments from Mrs Hinch fans who shared the “multiple uses” white vinegar has. READ MORE: How to get rid of snails from your garden - 6 easy and natural methods Bathroom: Suanne Jones wrote: “I use it to clean shower screens.” Sue Bullock replied: “I used white vinegar on my shower screens last week and I was like wow.” The solution should be diluted with water first and it is best to avoid using it on anything made of stone in the bathroom. Some group members recommended using it to get rid of limescale in the bathroom too. DON'T MISS:Protect your garden from slugs using fruit - acts as a ‘trap’ [EXPERT]Cheap ‘hack’ to deep clean your dishwasher - will ‘break down’ dirt [COMMENT]Homes Under the Hammer buyer boosts house value by £120k [VIDEO] Lily Hopkinds said: “I use it around my taps, great stuff.” Annette Caller wrote: “Put vinegar in a plastic bag and tie it to taps. It submerges the limescale.” Kerry Little commented: “White vinegar has multiple uses, it can be used on anything you want to whiten. Be careful with it on some surfaces but it’s magic.” Kitchen: Beverley Krombeen wrote: “I use it to descale my kettle. “I put it in neat, leave it for a few minutes and then swish it round with a washing up brush, then I just rinse it out.” White vinegar is also great to help clean the washing machine. It can be placed in the drum, in the detergent drawer as well as used to clean the washing machine. Some Mrs Hinch fans even suggested using it when washing towels to keep them fluffy. Jaci Mcginty wrote: “Put powder and vinegar in but on softener. “It doesn’t make them smell like vinegar but feels like you have bought new towels. “I don’t do it every towel wash but it works a treat.” Living room: Group members recommended using white vinegar to clean stains from carpets. Angelina Fisher wrote: “I use it neat on stains on my carpets.” Irene Wilford said: “Agree! I also use it diluted with some lemon juice to clean laminate flooring.” Carrie Connor commented: “I use it to clean windows and mirrors around the house, can be used in every room.” Group members also suggested using it to disinfect bedside tables, chest of drawers and desks.