Valencia chairman Anil Murthy has landed himself in hot water after leaked audios were revealed where several outrageous claims were heard. As well as calling Liverpool and Newcastle called 's*** cities', there were threats to current Valencia players and insults directed at club owner Peter Lim. Valencia chairman Murthy has been caught calling Liverpool and Newcastle 's*** cities' after a series of leaked audio tapes came to light. Local media outlet Superdeporte have been releasing the audios gradually over several days. Among the explosive claims include Murthy saying that he would "kill" Carlos Soler and Jose Gaya in the press - two players that have come up through the academy - if they did not bring in huge transfer fees. More recently, there were also inflammatory remarks calling Valencia owner Lim a "fan" and "senile" while his latest gaffe has landed him in trouble on these shores as well after derogatory words on the cities of Liverpool and Newcastle. JUST IN: Man Utd stars told what to expect as Daley Blind sends Ten Hag plea Murthy can be heard saying: "Liverpool (the city) is s***, Liverpool as football club began to internationalise twenty years ago with a one thousand million budget... with a major part of the income from the sale of the jerseys. "If you visit Liverpool City and then make a trip to Valencia City, there is a difference. Even the streets in the city are different, with numerous industries (trading). However the club (Liverpool) is a local club with many fans, supporters, is so big internationally. "Newcastle is also a s*** city, but the club and its sponsors is on another level. Valencia need to know how to succesfully export the brand, we have tried to promote Valencia coordinating with politicians as a tourist destination but that was impossible." Valencia have since spoken out and insisted that it is nothing more than a smear campaign from the media. The club did not deny the audio but instead claimed the recordings were “taken out of context, from a private conversation and recorded illegitimately”. “The recordings published in Superdeporte are edited and adulterated to convey a false or biased narrative, within the context of a general conversation, and to try to generate controversy,” their statement said. “This move is part of the smear campaign against Valencia CF that Superdeporte have been carrying out in recent months. “This matter is in the hands of the Valencia CF legal department, which is already studying the measures to be taken against Superdeporte and its director.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.