Rising food prices are out of the public's control, but there are some things families can do to alleviate their pockets. One way to reduce weekly bills is to make food last longer, which is sometimes difficult during warm weather. A mum-of-two shares how she manages to do it, saving her and her family money at the same time. Lara Jarvis, a British mother of two children, took to TikTok to share her top grocery tips with others. Her video, in which she demonstrates how to make food last longer, reached thousands of views and was inundated with comments. Lara shared five handy tips that families everywhere can try at home. She said in the video: "Struggling with rising food costs and rocketing bills? READ MORE: Prince Charles is 'in no mood to help' Camilla on royal engagements "These tips to make your food last longer will help you save money on food." Lara's first tip was to keep sandwiches in the freezer. She unveiled that sandwiches containing ingredients ahead of their use by date can be kept fresh in the freezer for up to 30 days. This means they can be defrosted and eaten any time, with the ingredients still fresh and intact.  The mum-of-two's second tip was in regard to vegetables. To save money annually, families could try to grow their own vegetables in the garden - spring onions and herbs are among the easiest to plant yourself. As for fruit, some of these can also be kept in the freezer to make them last longer. Lemons, for example, can go off quickly, but chopping them and placing them in the freezer prevents this. With fresh fruit and leafy greens, there is a simple method to make them last longer. After rinsing fruit such as raspberries or strawberries clean, Lara recommended drying them thoroughly and then adding a paper kitchen towel to them to absorb any excess moisture. Soaking up the moisture makes the fruit last longer, preventing the from going stale and fluffy. Furthermore, to keep garlic cloves fresher for longer, Lara recommended storing them in a dark and cool place. Other shoppers were quick to comment on the mum-of-two's video, praising her for the hacks, and even offering some tips themselves. User @mimidaboh1 said: "Put celery in a glass of water, change the water every other day, you don't even need to put it in the fridge." User @denisahedr agreed. They said: "Just put spring onions in water, no pot needed." User @lisajones871 wrote: "I only wash the raspberries I need. Stops them from going mushy." User @dy844sm7uzhj added: "Store the lemons in a jar of water in the fridge (unchopped, whole), replace the water every week and they'll last months I promise you."