With high temperatures set to hit Europe this week, and a long bank holiday approaching, it’s inevitable that Britons will be getting their barbecues out. For those who haven’t opened their barbecues since last year, it’s likely they will need a good clean. Usually, searches for “how to clean a BBQ” peak just before the Spring Bank Holiday. However, with warm weather expected this weekend, it’s likely some Britons might be looking to get their barbecues cleaned early. Metals expert Paul McFadyen, managing director of metals4U, has shared a “non-toxic” hack for cleaning barbecues. He said: “Stainless steel is used for barbecue grills as it's hard wearing and doesn't rust like most other metals. “So when cleaning it, you should be really careful not to use anything too abrasive that might damage the metal finish. READ MORE: How to sharpen your lawn mower blades - safest method “I would advise using baking soda mixed with water to form a paste to remove any dirt or grime, as it is non-toxic. “Be sure to rinse the area well after treating, and dry it with a microfibre cloth to prevent watermarks.” Baking soda mixed with water can also be used to clean aluminium pots and pans that have become grubby over time. He also suggested using the paste on any “tough-to-remove stains” on pots and pans use the same paste to get them looking shiny and new".  DON'T MISSWeeding tips: ‘Super effective’ way to naturally kill paving weeds [INSIGHT]‘They won’t come back’: How to remove dandelions from lawns [UPDATE]I tried the £1 air fryer cleaning hack - the results were astounding [ANALYSIS] Baking soda, also known as bicarbonate of soda, helps to dissolve organic compounds like dirt, grease and other sticky substances. Baking soda is also abrasive which means it can clean without leaving scratches behind. Combining baking soda with white vinegar creates carbon dioxide gas. The carbon dioxide gas can help lift dirt from surfaces that are being cleaned. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Baking soda is also a cheap option for cleaning. Wilko Original Bicarbonate of Soda costs just £1.75. ASDA Bicarbonate of Soda is just 55p. Cooks' Ingredients Bicarbonate of Soda from Waitrose is just £1.25.  Dr. Oetker Bicarbonate of Soda is £1.40 from Sainsbury’s. Arm and Hammer Baking Soda costs £1.22 from Amazon. Other ways to clean a barbecue include using white vinegar, coffee and soapy water. There are specialised barbecue grill cleaning brushes which are more heavy duty.