Professor Craig Barker claimed that the term genocide is “thrown around a lot” but questioned how much the term actually matters in practice when masses of people are being killed on the ground. Professor Barker is the Dean of the School of Law and Social Sciences and a Professor of International Law at London South Bank University. He said: “It’s thrown around a lot. It's used to make out that a particular incident or series of incidents is worse than all other crimes. But if you’re killing masses of people then, surely, it doesn’t really matter whether it’s a genocide of not.” “My problem is that people turn the other way, and say ‘if it’s not genocide then somehow its not quite so bad’. “What’s happening in Ukraine at the moment is appalling and whether we call it genocide, crimes against humanity or war crimes…it becomes a bit semantic.” Genocide, according to the UN, is the “intent to destroy, in whole or in part, a national, ethnical, racial or religious group”.  Prof Barker added: “In that sense, I tend to agree with the French and British view rather than the American view. “I think there is a lot of pressure on the Americans to call it genocide but I don’t think it helps a lot and I don’t think it makes a huge difference when it comes to what you do about it.” There are a growing list of countries that have called what Russia is doing to the Ukrainian population genocide. In April, US President Joe Biden called atrocities committed in Ukraine genocide. Prime Minister Boris Johnson said the violence in Bucha was “not far short of genocide” while French President Emmanuel Macron refused to use the term altogether. READ MORE: Russia losing allies 'in its own backyard' Prof Barker continued, saying that the way Russia was trying to erase the Ukrainian identity of eastern Ukraine bore the hallmarks of genocide and could be considered as such if it continues. He said: “What’s happening in the East of Ukraine is very different, because what they’re trying to do is cleanse, and this is where words become problematic. “If I say it in the extreme way, the Russians are trying to cleanse Eastern Ukraine of all Ukrainians and give it back to the Russians. “When you are talking in those terms, then it gets much closer to genocide. If it continues I think there will be a strong claim to call it genocide.” He added: “There are elements of genocide particularly where the Russians are deliberately targeting the Ukrainians to try and drive them out of a territory that they have lived in for all their lives.”  When asked about the UN’s role in preventing a potential genocide, he said the UN was hamstrung by Russia’s permanent position on the UN Security Council. DON'T MISS: Brexit POLL: Was leaving the EU a mistake? [POLL]Putin’s bolstered offensive in Donbas is failing and risks crumbling [REPORT]Theresa May sparks furious row after deal rant [LIVE] He said: “The UN is hugely limited in what it can do. The essence of peacekeeping is to do exactly that, to provide peace.” He added: “It's very much a self defence initiative, they can’t go in and clean out the troublemakers. "To do that they need an Article 42 resolution, which requires the affirmative vote of all five permanent members including, unfortunately, Russia.” “Is Russia’s permanent membership on the UN Security Council a block to any effective action? The answer, categorically, is yes.” An Article 42 resolution from the UN authorises countries to use force to “maintain or restore international peace and security”. Prof Barker finally noted that the fact that Russia possesses nuclear weapons makes any direct UN or NATO intervention incredibly unlikely. 