Amber Heard and Johnny Depp's $100m defamation trial continues today but despite the Hollywood actor's ex-girlfriend Kate Moss giving testimony, a source close to Heard has claimed that the Aquaman actress stands to win, regardless of whether her ex-husband's lawyers "try to distract and divert" the attention of the jury. Supermodel Kate gave a three minute testimony today via video feed from her Gloucestershire home. Kate told the court: "He never pushed me, kicked me or threw me down any stairs." She added that when she'd suffered a fall at a holiday resort in Jamaica, Johnny - who she dated for four years during the 1990s - had "helped" her. “We were leaving the room and there had been a rainstorm," the 48-year-old told the court. "As I left the room, I slid down the stairs and I hurt my back. “I screamed because I didn’t know what had happened to me and I was in pain," she continued. "He came running back to help me and carried me to my room and got me medical attention." Heard previously told the court that she had heard a rumour about Johnny pushing Kate down a flight of stairs. When she originally referenced the rumour, Depp's lawyers could be seen grinning. Heard had opened the door to Moss' testimony by claiming she feared Depp would push her sister down the stairs during a violent argument. However, following the supermodel's testimony, a source close to Amber has insisted that doesn't mean he's in the clear. "So Johnny Depp didn’t abuse Kate Moss. That makes him 1 for 2 in the abuse column," they stated. "But, to date, he’s 0 for 1 in the courtroom on the central issue in this case back when he lost the same exact case in England." This is a reference to when Johnny had previously taken to the stand to sue The Sun newspaper for defamation after a headline was published describing him as a "wife-beater". However, as supporters of the paper declared a victory for freedom of speech, the court ruled that the allegation made against him was "substantially true". The source close to Amber continued to Express.co.uk: "When the jury deliberates over the singular issue in this case - whether Amber Heard can exercise her right of Freedom of Speech – [Johnny will] be 0 for 2, no matter how much his lawyers try to distract and divert the jury’s attention." Amber looked emotional in court today as Johnny described his reaction to hearing her say that he had committed acts of "sexual violence". He branded her accusations against him "humiliating", "savage" and "unimaginably brutal" before insisting that none of the allegations are true. "No human being is perfect... but I have never in my life committed sexual battery, physical abuse, all these outlandish, outrageous stories..." he told the court. "It's insane to hear heinous accusations of sexual violence that she's attributed to me [and] accused me of," he told the court. "I don't think anyone enjoys having to split themselves open and tell the truth, but there are times when one just simply has to, because it's gotten out of control."