The Elizabeth Line - also known as Crossrail - is due to open later this month. The opening of the new line will make commuting easier for those living in the outer London boroughs and counties just outside of the capital. The new rail line brings with it an opportunity for buyers to invest in property. While some areas around Elizabeth Line stations have seen strong house price growth, some areas have not. Research by Savills estate agents has found that two thirds of estate agents along the Elizabeth Line which are in residential areas have not seen a significant rise in prices between 2008 and now. Savills’ data also suggested that some property values within 500 metres of west London stations have performed in line with the wider area (measured up to 1.2 miles away) since construction of the Elizabeth Line began. In areas around east London stations, where there are more flats, prices only grew by 0.5 percent year-on-year compared to the wider area. With this in mind, there are lots of areas where homebuyers can take full advantage of the effect of Crossrail. READ MORE: I tried the £1 air fryer cleaning hack - the results were astounding  Lawrence Bowles, of Savills, said: “Once full service starts on the line, we expect to see a Crossrail premium emerge.” Here are some of the best areas to invest in: Located between Greenwich and Bexley, Abbey Wood has an average house price of £350,000, according to Savills. Compared to other London areas, this is a relatively affordable option. The area is located just over 10 miles from Charing Cross and has London bus routes that go to Lewisham, Thamesmead and Tottenham Court Road. According to Rightmove, properties in Abbey Wood had an overall average price of £366,505 over the last year.  DON'T MISSHow to get rid of pigeons in your garden - 5 easy ways [INSIGHT]Paint expert shares number one colour to avoid painting your walls [UPDATE]Davina McCall's quiet life at her new Tunbridge Wells home [ANALYSIS] The majority of sales in Abbey Wood during the last year were terraced properties, selling for an average price of £385,621. The average home within 500 metres of Custom House station costs £360,964. Property values in Royal Docks, which is located nearby, have risen by 2.2 percent since Crossrail was announced. Areas further out have recorded growth of 3.3 percent. Custom House is also going to be regenerated with 25,000 new homes in the pipeline and £8billion of investment being put into the area. Acton has become a more popular spot for investors in recent years with builders converting buildings into new housing. The introduction of Crossrail has had a huge impact on this with the journey from Acton to Bond Street from 43 minutes to just nine. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Properties in Acton had an overall average price of £678,784 over the last year, according to Rightmove. House prices around the station have only increased by 2.8 percent each year to reach an average of £268,142. Incredibly, trains from Romford to Liverpool Street will take just 27 minutes once Crossrail is up and running. A thousand new homes have also been given the go-ahead near the Crossrail station. The Rom Valley Gardens development will be one of the biggest new housing schemes in north east London with 972 flats. The housing will comprise of seven blocks of between two and 12 storeys next to Queen’s Hospital, close to the Crossrail station in Romford. The average house price in February 2021 in Woolwich was £383,278, a 15.4 percent increase when compared to February 2016. The area has seen some major property developments over the years, including Royal Arsenal Riverside which transformed a former factories and military buildings into riverside homes. The area is having £1.2billion injected into it as part of a regeneration scheme for the area.   A further £17million has been secured from the Future High Streets Fund for improvements to the town centre. Once the Elizabeth Line opens, journeys to central London will be halved. Prices around the new station have increased by 4.3 percent year-on-year since the Crossrail project began. In fact, prices hit an eye-watering £731,929 in February. The station in Ealing will be just 11 minutes from central London once the line opens. A popular choice for families, the Elizabeth Line will likely make this countryside haven even more popular with buyers. Homes around the main station currently cost an average of £373,038.