Three Men and a Baby airs on Channel 5 today – the comedy starring Tom Selleck, Steve Guttenberg and Ted Danson. The film follows three bachelors who learn parenting skills the hard way when an abandoned baby turns up on their doorstep. It is also followed by a sequel – Three Men and a Little Lady – where the trio are dismayed when Mary, now five years old, moves with her actress mother Sylvia from New York to London. Selleck, the star of the film, is a well established actor having also starred private investigator Thomas Magnum in the television series Magnum, P.I. Away from his Hollywood career, he was once embroiled in a bizarre scandal in which he was accused of stealing around 1.4 million gallons of water to the Hidden Valley Municipal Water District in order to have adequate resources for the maintenance of his avocado farm. The Calleguas Municipal Water District in Ventura County, California, claimed a tanker truck was filled up more than a dozen times over a two year period. It said the water was delivered to the Magnum PI star's nearby 60-acre ranch, where he grows avocados. The district took legal action against the actor after California communities were ordered to cut water usage by 25 percent amid a four-year drought that has damaged the state's agriculture industry. It was also reported that Calleguas Municipal Water District spent nearly $22,000 (£18,000) to hire a private investigator from 2013-15 to record the thefts. In July 2015, Selleck agreed to pay a settlement of more than $21,000 (£17,000) to settle the lawsuit. Thomas Slosson, who was on the board of the Calleguas municipal water district, said at the time: “Underpinning these laws is the concept of basic fairness. “That is, residents and businesses within the district – the rightful users of district water – paid for the construction, maintenance and operation of the public works necessary to meet their water needs, not those of other landowners outside Calleguas’ legal boundaries.” Selleck has since moved on with his life and career, working on shows such as Blue Bloods, in which he plays NYC Police Commissioner Frank Reagan. Recent reports, however, have suggested that he could leave the role, with an unnamed source also stating that the star was becoming “tired of the Hollywood grind” and the show taking “more and more out of him every season”. READ MORE: Ben Stiller health: Actor reflects on his former cancer diagnosis But CBS has confirmed the return of the show for season 13, with Selleck firmly onboard. In fact, speaking about his role on the show, the actor commented: “It’s a blessing! I love what I do, and I want to keep doing it.” He did admit that his body is not what it once was, and that problems to do with old age and the long-term effects of stunt work had taken a slight toll. When asked if his body has ever let him down, Selleck replied: “Well, it lets me down from the point of view that I can’t do, or won’t do, what I used to. DON'T MISS Jack Kehler dead: The Big Lebowski actor dies aged 75 Steve Coogan says ‘cynical’ Hollywood watches ‘how the wind blows’ John Wayne brutal Clint Eastwood rejection 'This piece of sh** again' “You know, my back’s kind of messed up. When you do stunts in movies - I do a lot of them - you’re taking a risk, but you’re also sitting around a lot. “So you might do a fight scene, and then you sit in your chair, and it’s not like you have a personal trainer saying, ‘Okay, we’re ready to go, but Tom needs 10 minutes of stretching and warm-up.’ “And I think the price - I see it with peers, I talk to them sometimes — you just see the price of stunts. They weren’t that hard, but I think it’s the stop-and-go of all that stuff.”