Newcastle United will launch an ambitious bid for Dominic Calvert-Lewin this summer, according to reports. The Everton and England frontman has been chosen as a preferred option by Eddie Howe, along with Reims striker Hugo Ekitike, to provide an injection of youth to the Magpies' experienced frontline. Having recruited experienced stars in January who helped to ensure Newcastle's Premier League survival, the club are believed to be chasing younger prospects this summer. That leaves options like Jesse Lingard out the window, and Howe is believed to have put his previous interest in the Manchester United star behind him. But The Telegraph claim that interest in Calvert-Lewin is well and truly alive, with a bid in the pipeline for the summer. Furthermore, figures on Tyneside expect a prospective bid to progress 'rapidly' with their top-flight safety now assured. The 25-year-old has endured a frustrating season, notching just three Premier League goals amid Everton's torrid relegation battle. In previous campaigns he has shown a tremendous finishing ability, both on the floor and in the air, having notched 16 goals in 2020/21 and 13 the campaign before that. JUST IN: Everton boss Frank Lampard vows to text Chelsea's Mason Mount after relegation 'favour' In the past, Calvert-Lewin would have been considered irreplaceable at Goodison Park, but he was again used from the bench against Watford on Wednesday night. Howe has supposedly catapulted the striker to the top of his wish list and believes that he could compete with Chris Wood and Callum Wilson for the top spot. Ivan Toney, Eddie Nketiah and Darwin Nunez are also believed to be on the Magpies' wish list, but all have slipped down the pecking order relative to Calvert-Lewin and Ekitike. The report adds that Newcastle are 'expected' to sew up a deal for the teenage Frenchman this summer, having narrowly missed out in January. DON'T MISS...Newcastle 'plot seven-man fire sale' as Amanda Staveley given two clues on next signingLiverpool hero Carragher denied Gerrard visit in awkward exchangeArsenal boss Mikel Arteta on double injury concern and Gabriel Jesus rumours Still one month short of his 20th birthday, Ekitike has bagged nine Ligue 1 goals in what has been his breakthrough campaign. While he may not slot straight into a starting spot at St James' Park, he could still do an effective job in a bit-part role while he develops and acclimatises to the Premier League. Howe and co are expected to make room for their two attacking priorites by staging a seven-man fire sale this summer. Matt Ritchie, Sean Longstaff and Karl Darlow are among those on the chopping block, with Newcastle's ambitious owners seeking to put together a squad that can eventually challenge at the business end of the table. Even so, Howe has urged the club's most ambitious fans to curb their expectations in the face of Financial Fair Play constraints. "There's an element of truth in that (talk of reduced budget)," he said. "With Financial Fair Play, we have restraints and we have things that we have to work within, so we can't just go out and spend money on players like maybe teams could have done in the past and totally change their squad within one transfer window. "That is not an option for us. The more money you spend in one window, the more it impacts your ability to then spend in windows beyond."