Julianne Williams, 54, was told to go to hospital after she experienced abdominal pain, sickness and a high temperature this week. She was triaged within minutes but described how the scene changed from "calm to carnage" as soon as she opened the double doors of the A&E waiting room last month. And Julianne remained there, at Prince Charles Hospital in Merthyr Tydfil, south Wales, for 26 hours with the excruciating symptoms. She said she saw numerous distressed patients, including many on trolleys and in corridors and one cyclist with a very visible broken bone. One woman appeared to miscarry on the floor of the overcrowded unit, allegedly manned by five nurses - 10 short of what was required. One of the nurses "cried her eyes out" at the end of their night shift, Julianne told Wales Online. "I'm a Royal Air Force veteran. I spent over 25 years in the military. I've been to warzones, I've been to Baghdad, Iraq - but the treatment I received in that hospital was nothing short of barbaric," she said. "I'd never been to A&E in my life. I'd never had the need to. In my head it was a bit like Holby City; all the doctors and nurses had nice scrubs on, everybody was identifiable and it was clean and tidy. But it was the complete opposite. You don't know who you're talking to, it's dirty and staff are running around like headless chickens. "I was with one lad who had come off his bike and a bone was protruding through his hand, there was a girl in the corner who was crying because she was having some sort of panic attack, and there was another lady - probably mid to late 70s - who had dementia and kept asking for someone to ring her mummy and daddy. It was just awful. "I was told there were meant to be 15 nurses on duty but there were only five. The nurse who was in charge was newly-qualified and after her night shift I saw her leave in tears. I saw her walking out crying her eyes out."   Julianne, who was in the RAF for 25 years, said she was also disgusted by the state of the unit and what she described as an alleged disregard for patient safety and cleanliness. She added: "One doctor was taking blood off me and was sitting next to a clinical bin, but rather than putting the tourniquet in the bin she threw it on the floor in front of me. There was only one toilet for men and women, so you can imagine the state of that." Julianne, who was hooked to a drip, said she felt like she was being a "burden" to staff at Prince Charles Hospital. "I had to ask them to unhook me [from the drip] so I could go to the toilet because the drip trolley didn't have any wheels. When I came back someone had taken it. They're clearly very, very short of equipment too," the woman, from Cilfynydd, south Wales, added. "I also felt like I needed to act as a carer for some of the other patients in there. There was one woman who I stopped from falling out of one of the ambulance beds. Her husband, bless him, had fallen asleep and if she'd fallen she could have done a lot of damage. "My partner drove me to Prince Charles Hospital and he waited six or seven hours in the car. When I found out I was going to be admitted he went home to pack an overnight bag for me. He practically argued with the security guard to get through to the waiting room to see me."  Julianne said she initially tried to contact her local GP for help but discovered that the phone lines were down. She was then directed by staff at the women's unit at the Royal Glamorgan Hospital in Llantrisant to head to Prince Charles. She believes the main problem with A&E is the fact there are "too many chiefs and not enough Indians". She claimed that ambulances were "backed up" outside unable to offload their patients into the department. "It felt really undignified. I felt dirty and humiliated. There was no privacy. They were asking me very personal questions when everybody could hear my business. One doctor asked if the pain was like I was in labour, and I told her four times that I'd never had children so I had nothing to compare it to," Julianne added. After making a complaint to the Patient Advice and Liaison Service (Pals), Julianne said she was contacted by one of the lead nurses to apologise for the situation. A follow-up appointment was then booked for her to see a gynaecological consultant in Ysbyty Cwm Rhondda in Llwynypia, Rhondda, on May 13. "They said if I had any issues then not to hesitate to go back to A&E, which I just laughed at. They recommended I try Brecon next time as they turn around people more quickly. That's miles away," she added. "I still don't know why I was in pain. Nothing has changed but the sickness and high temperature has gone now."  According to latest Welsh Government figures, the number of people coming through the doors of Wales' A&E departments rose dramatically between February and March - up from 73,520 to 88,599. Many thousands of them are spending too long in these units. In March more than a third (34.9%) of patients spent four hours or more in Welsh A&Es before being admitted, transferred, or discharged. Meanwhile a record 10,886 patients waited in excess of 12 hours - 57% more than March 2021 - but the target is for no-one to wait that long. Prince Charles Hospital had the third worst-performing A&E in Wales in March, with 48.9% (2,482 patients) spending longer than four hours in A&E, and 17.4% (882 patients) spending longer than 12 hours. A spokesperson for Cwm Taf Morgannwg University Health Board said: "We would like to say sorry again to Ms Williams for her experience at our emergency department. Ms Williams has complained to us and we have been, and are, in touch with her to understand more about her concerns. "The complaint is ongoing, and so at this stage it would not be fair of us to say much more until it is resolved. We have offered Ms Williams an appointment with one of our specialists so that we can offer care or treatment for the symptoms she has been suffering from. "As with other health boards across Wales, all three of our emergency departments have been under pressure recently. Our dedicated staff are working so hard, prioritising the most seriously injured and ill patients. "If your situation is not life threatening or an emergency, please try one of our other services instead. It will mean you avoid an extended wait at the emergency department. If you are unsure what to do, please use the online NHS 111 Wales symptom checker for advice at https://111.wales.nhs.uk/ "We would encourage you to head to our website for more on our other services which will be able to help you, like the minor injury unit, GPs and our community pharmacies: https://ctmuhb.nhs.wales/.../nhs-111-wales/help-us-help-you/ "However, please remember if you have: • Severe breathing difficulties; • Severe pain or bleeding; • Chest pain or a suspected stroke; • Serious trauma injuries; Then please do ring 999 or visit one of our emergency departments straight away. In these circumstances do not hesitate."  