Simon Jordan has questioned Ronnie O’Sullivan’s repeated BBC Sports Personality of the Year snubs and took a dig at snooker legend Steve Davis. The former Crystal Palace chairman believes O’Sullivan should have been awarded the gong during his glittering career. O’Sullivan became a seven-time world champion on Monday. The snooker icon beat Judd Trump to draw level with Stephen Hendry in terms of most world titles won. And the charismatic ace is the favourite to win the Sports Personality of the Year having enjoyed a successful year. He will come up against the likes of boxer Tyson Fury, England captain Harry Kane and reigning champion Emma Raducanu. Fury previously threatened to sue the BBC for shortlisting him, claiming he “doesn’t need” to win it. O’Sullivan is surprisingly yet to win the award despite having first become the World No 1 two decades ago. TalkSPORT presenter Jim White suggested that snooker and darts stars are often overlooked due to debate over whether they can be counted as sports. JUST IN: Ronnie O'Sullivan insists he will never win SPOTY “Many people will say what is snooker, what is darts? Are they sports or are they pub games?” asked White. Jordan, 54, seemed irked by the suggestion and questioned why O’Sullivan and darts hero Phil Taylor had not won Sports Personality of the Year over some of the previous recipients. He slammed: “What do you think it is? You think it’s a pub game, I’ll cut to the chase for you. If you look down the years at people who have been awarded Sports Personality of the Year, and people who don’t want to be awarded it, like Tyson Fury… DON'T MISS...Ronnie O'Sullivan tipped to finish with 10 World Championships Ronnie O'Sullivan 'was ready to quit' snooker 11 years before recordWST make decision on punishing O'Sullivan after World Championship win “Look down the list at the likes of Emma Raducanu, Lewis Hamilton, Ben Stokes in the time they [the England cricket team] won the World Cup, Mo Farah. In those instances would, or should, Ronnie O'Sullivan, in those moments in time, have been voted Sports Personality of the Year above those characters. “Because you have to compare who’s actually won it rather than suggest he could have won it because his game is not being taken seriously. You could argue, where’s Phil Taylor, the greatest darts player we’ve ever seen but he hasn’t been included in Sports Personality of the Year. It’s a contradiction in terms because some of those people who rock up on the stage, the one thing they don’t have is any personality.” Jordan, taking a swipe at Davis - the last snooker player to win SPOTY - added: “The fact Phil Taylor doesn’t feature there, as the dominant force in darts, the fact there’s been no snooker player since 1988 in Steve Davis, one of the most personality-less people…”