Liverpool could end up with a trio of signings in the summer transfer window judging from reports this week and all three could hint at a new direction for the club's policy in the market under Julian Ward. It was confirmed back in November that Edwards would be stepping down from his role as sporting director at Anfield this summer. Edwards has earned cult status among Liverpool fans for his role in overseeing the club's rise to annual title challengers. He has helped lead the recruitment team which drafted in superstar signings such as Mohamed Salah, Sadio Mane and Virgil van Dijk. Now Ward, who previously worked as Edwards' assistant, will step up to the role this summer. And it appears as though his plans for Liverpool in the transfer market are already taking fruition. Fabio Carvalho looks set to become the first signing in the post-Edwards era after an agreement was reached with Fulham. The highly-rated Portuguese star earned rave reviews for his performances in the Championship this past season. JUST IN: Liverpool ask 'to be informed' of Jude Bellingham's young brother  He scored 10 goals and provided eight assists as Fulham won the title and secured promotion back to the Premier League. And Carvalho may well be followed by the signing of young Calvin Ramsay from Aberdeen. Reports indicate that a deal is close to being agreed between Aberdeen and Liverpool for the right-back. Liverpool are also tracking Jobe Bellingham, Jude Bellingham's younger brother, ahead of a possible move this summer. The Reds are said to be the front-runners for Jobe's signature, who is also attracting interest from both Manchester City and Newcastle. All three players are still in their teens, with Jobe just 16 years of age. DON'T MISS  There has been some suggestion that Liverpool will look to bring in an experienced midfielder, but Carvalho, Bellingham and Ramsay indicate that Ward is purposefully targeting the next generation. Under Edwards, Liverpool largely targeted players in their mid 20s who were just entering the prime of their careers. But they may need to start planning for the future with the likes of Van Dijk, Joel Matip, Thiago, Jordan Henderson and Sadio Mane all 30 and above. Carvalho has already been confirmed and will join the likes of Harvey Elliott, Ibrahima Konate and Curtis Jones as young stars in the Liverpool squad. And signing both Ramsay and Bellingham would only add to that array of talents for the future.