Amber Heard has post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) resulting from domestic violence, a psychologist testifying in Amber’s defence has claimed. The first witness to be called by Amber’s legal team, clinical and forensic psychologist Dr Dawn Hughes, took to the stand on Tuesday as the defamation trial continues in Virginia. Dr Hughes is also an expert in interpersonal violence, abuse, and traumatic stress. She testified that her “main opinion” is that Amber’s “report of intimate partner violence” and reviewing therapy records and documents relating to the case are “consistent with what we know in the field” regarding intimate partner violence. Dr Hughes claimed: “I diagnosed Ms Heard with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder… and the cause was the intimate partner violence by Mr Depp.” The psychologist had examined Amber for 29 hours before coming to her conclusion. READ MORE: Piers Morgan slams Angelina Jolie as she's spotted visiting Ukraine A week ago, Dr Shannon Curry who testified in Johnny’s defence, claimed Amber had no signs of post-traumatic stress disorder. Dr Hughes also dismissed the claim previously made by their former marriage counsellor earlier in the trial that the couple were responsible for “mutual abuse”. Earlier in the 13th day of testimony, Dr Hughes told the court how she believed Johnny was “obsessively jealous” and would kick, punch and choke ex-wife Amber Heard and force himself on her sexually. She testified that Amber was at a “lethal” risk of domestic violence. Dr Laurel Anderson, who worked with Amber and Johnny for a total of 21 historic sessions as they attempted to repair their marriage, also gave evidence. She claimed that “abandonment” was Amber's “worst nightmare” and that she would strike her partner in a bid to keep him there. The counsellor also claimed that she believed the abuse was “mutual”. This has been refuted by Dr Hughes. DON'T MISS:Anne Hegerty reacts to Mark Labbett's The Chase replacement [NEWS]Priscilla Presley, 76, looks ageless with Elvis actor at Met Gala [PICS]Jeremy Irons said Meghan Markle's royal struggle is a 'huge shame' [COMMENT] Johnny, who denies any allegations of abuse, is suing Amber for defamation over an article, claiming he was the implied abuser and that it destroyed his career. The Chocolat actor is suing his ex-wife over an op-ed written for The Washington Post in 2018. In the article, Amber claimed she had been “harassed and sexually assaulted by the time” she was of “college age”.   Johnny’s final witness has taken to the stand and his legal team has rested their case. Amber’s team argued for the trial to be dismissed entirely moments after Johnny’s legal team rested their case but Judge Penney Azcarate denied the motion. On Wednesday, Amber is expected to take to the stand to give her version of events. 