Under Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) rules, PIP recipients must inform the Government department of any changes to their situation. This is because particular life changes or events can affect someone’s claim and how much they receive from the DWP. Examples of what qualify as a circumstance change include a PIP claimant’s personal details change, including their name, address or doctor’s information. As well as this, if someone’s health condition or disability worsens, or if the help they need changes, they must tell the DWP. People who have been informed by their doctor that they only have six months or less to live should also report to the DWP. Furthermore, if PIP claimants have to spend any extended time in hospital or care, they should note this would count as a change of circumstances. This is also the case if someone spends an extended period of time living abroad which the DWP must be told about. READ MORE: Woman, 88, in tears after losing £36,000 savings - after 'scrimping' for 50 years Those who receive PIP, who are imprisoned or held in detention, will have to tell the DWP their circumstance have changed. People who are not British citizens also have a responsibility to update the DWP if their immigration status changes. Anyone who needs to report a change of circumstances can call the PIP enquiry line at 0800 121 4433. Calls to the Government department can be made on peoples’ behalf if they are unable to use a phone due to their disability or condition. DON'T MISS  Last month, the DWP raised the payment rates for various benefit payments, including its disability schemes. These include payments such as PIP, Attendance Allowance, Employment and Support Allowance, and Child Disability Living Allowance. This hike was aligned with the Consumer Price Index (CPI) rate of inflation from last year, which means payments went up by 3.1 percent. As a result, claimants of PIP - which is paid at a higher and lower weekly rate across its two components - saw an increase to their payments. For the daily living component of the disability benefit, the lower weekly rate was raised to £61.85 and the higher rate went up to £94.40. In comparison, PIP’s mobility component saw an increase to £24.45 for the lower rate and £64.50 for the higher rate. If someone were to be in receipt of the higher weekly rates of both components, a PIP claimant would receive £156.90. Due to the cost of living crisis, the UK Government has promoted the disability benefit payments it has on offer for those in need. Chloe Smith, the Minister for Disabled People, Health and Work, explained why she believes those with a disability contact the DWP for support. Ms Smith said: “Living with a long-term illness or disability can have a profound effect on daily life, both for those with a diagnosis and those who care for them. “So it’s vitally important you are receiving all the help you are entitled to. “Millions of people already receive this support and I would urge anyone who thinks they may be eligible for extra financial help to check online.”