Despite stepping down as senior working royals in 2020, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are visiting the UK for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations next month. Former politician David Mellor claims their UK return would be pivotal to any upcoming projects that the couple intend on and added that they "can't afford" to not be at the Jubilee. Speaking on GB News, Mr Mellor said: "They are doing it [returning] for their American television series. "They will go round with their camera. He added: "What they can't afford, for the brand, particularly since a lot of her [Meghan's] other stuff has been axed, is not to be there. "Being there, even in a peripheral capacity, is the only reason why anyone, Netflix, would want to pay them a lot of money". READ MORE: 'Only a fool would bet against her' Meghan presidential bid talked up after Biden backing Prince Harry and Meghan attended the Invictus Games in The Hague last month. During their trip to The Netherlands, the couple had a Netflix filming crew in tow. The crew were filming a Netflix documentary about the games, named Heart of Invictus. The show will follow the journeys of individuals competing at the games. READ MORE: 'Oh my word!' Expert claims Charles complained to Camilla at State Opening of Parliament The documentary series is the first show of their multimillion-dollar deal. A deal which they signed in September 2020, just months after their royal exit. The games were initially founded by Prince Harry to support former members of the armed forces. Harry was inspired to set up the games after he participated in two frontline tours of Afghanistan in 2008 and 2012. Prince Harry was in the army for 10 years, until he revealed his plans to leave in 2015. DON'T MISS Harry will appear on camera and be credited as an executive producer on the series. Aside from the Invictus Games project, Meghan's plans for an animation series called Pearl were axed by Netflix last week. The series was set to be created through the couple's media production company, Archewell Productions. Elton John's husband David Furnish was set to serve as an executive producer on the show, alongside Meghan herself.