In the UK, Eurovision and the BBC have gone hand in hand for decades with the national broadcaster beaming the ceremony to millions of TV screens year after year. However, as revealed in Channel 5 documentary Eurovision: Secrets and Scandals, there was one year when channel bosses were secretly hoping for success to land on a different nation’s shores. The Channel 5 narrator explained: “When the UK hosted (Eurovision) in 1977, things were made even more complicated because the country was gripped by widespread industrial action.” “(This) meant that the BBC’s camera crews and technicians were on strike." Eurovision Expert, Gordon Roxburgh, added more context: “This industrial action actually affected the Eurovision Song Contest itself because the BBC couldn’t guarantee that it could go ahead.” The Channel 5 voiceover continued: “At the time, this was the closest the contest ever came to being cancelled. READ MORE: Eurovision fans threaten final 'boycott' over Ireland and San Marino “There were calls for The Netherlands to step in and host, but their camera crews refused in solidarity with their British counterparts. “The contest was finally held in the UK five weeks later than originally planned.” In 1977, it was left to Lynsey De Paul and Mike Moran to represent the UK with their song Rock Bottom, a song which “directly commented on the melancholic state of the nation”. Scott Talbott, who work in the sound department that year commented: “It was sort of reflecting on the industrial problems at the time. “And when we first heard it, it was, ‘Oh, that’s quite brave,’ because everything else was a bit happy-clappy, jolly and smiley.” The narrator then touched on why Lynsey De Paul and Mike Moran’s performance had BBC bosses hot under the collar, particularly as it was touted as the bookies’ favourite. “Rock Bottom had been the pre-contest favourite, but it finished runner-up to France on the night - and it hadn’t had the full backing of Aunty Beeb [the BBC],” they explained. The Channel 5 host continued: “Over 40 years later, secret internal memos were unearthed which unveiled the shocking truth.” DON'T MISS:Eurovision 2022: Heartbreak for Italy as act dealt another major blowNaga Munchetty blasted over 'outrageous' Eurovision 'slur'Eurovision favouritism row: How Poland's Ochman can sing being from US Eurovision Expert Dr Paul Jordan explained: “In 2009, documents were released from a BBC meeting which showed they were actually relieved the UK hadn’t won in 1977. “They definitely didn’t want to host Eurovision again - it’s a costly event.” The show’s host continued: “According to the minutes of a meeting between BBC governors, when it seemed that the UK was winning the contest and would have to pay for it again in 1978, BBC faces at Wembley had grown longer and longer. “Another governor said the evening had been of grasping vulgarity that he could not bear to watch.” In the end, the BBC bosses in question got their wish as the UK missed out on glory in 1977.  With the contest still going strong in 2022, however, UK entry Sam Ryder has the full backing of everyone as head to Turin, Italy.  After the last contest saw the UK finish rock bottom with 0 points, TikTok star Sam’s odds look much more favorable to finish higher up the leaderboard.  Eurovision: Secrets and Scandals is available to stream on My5 now. In the end, the BBC bosses in question got their wish as the UK missed out on glory in 1977. With the contest still going strong in 2022, however, UK entry Sam Ryder has the full backing of everyone as he heads to Turin, Italy. After the last contest saw the UK finish rock bottom with 0 points, TikTok star Sam’s odds look much more favourable to finish higher up the leaderboard. Eurovision: Secrets and Scandals is available to stream on My5 now.