Social venture company Arthr shared their top tips for travellers with arthritis with Express.co.uk. Travel enthusiast Beccy (@flyingfillis) also shared her best advice. Travelling with arthritis can be painful, particularly if Britons are heading off on a long journey this summer. An Arthr spokesperson said: “Keeping track of everything you need to bring with you can be tricky, but planning ahead is always worth the time. “It will allow you to fully switch off and enjoy the trip. Many people with joint pain will use supplements or medication to help manage their condition. “Ensuring you have everything on hand, and enough to last the duration of your travels will help make the transition from your daily routine to holiday mode much simpler.” READ MORE: How to apply for your GHIC - a step-by-step guide Beccy added: “If you take medication, make sure you bring enough to cover the duration of your trip, and any potential delays. “Think ahead about any specific storage requirements, such as having a fridge in your room if needed. “Setting a reminder to take your medication will help you maintain your routine in your new time zone or location.” Another of Arthr’s top tips was to prioritise getting a good amount of sleep even on a summer holiday. According to Arthr, almost three quarters of people with arthritis say the condition disrupts their sleep. A spokesperson said: “Using an extra pillow to place between your knees when sleeping helps to align the hips and makes for a more comfortable night’s sleep.” Becky added: “Rest if you feel you need to. Having a morning lie in or getting an early night after a busy day exploring can help your body recover and reduce the risk of flare ups.” Tourists could also bring some home comforts along if they’re worried about a bad night’s sleep on holiday. Becky added: “Pace yourself, don’t feel under pressure to see and do everything all at once. “Try to check in on how you feel each day and take time to practice self-care. Make a schedule that works for you and don’t feel guilty about having a rest. “When sightseeing, try to plan the main parts of your day and transport to get about. If there’s too much walking or high activity, you can use public transport or taxis between periods of high activity and take plenty of rest breaks.” Arthr advises tourists not to put pressure on themselves to keep up with family and friends if they’re in pain. Beccy told Express.co.uk: “Remember any equipment or aids for getting about or doing everyday tasks. “Check where any bulky items can go on your transport, especially if flying as different airlines may have different policies. “For day trips, pack light and use a supportive backpack or a bag that fits in all your essentials.” Arthr offer a range of travel products for arthritis sufferers which are available on its website.