A study by Independent Age shared exclusively with Express.co.uk has outlined the difficulties of poverty in later life. It is estimated that by 2030, around two million Britons will be ageing without children, and this could be difficult in times of hardship. Linda, 77, lives in London with her husband, and until recently they rented a home privately. However, after struggling with the cost of rent, they were able to move into their daughter’s small flat in London. The arrangement worked as she was about to move abroad for work, and suggested her parents pay a small amount of rent. Linda has said moving into their daughter’s flat has dramatically improved the couple’s financial situation and alleviated worries about unexpected costs or expenses. READ MORE: Santander is offering savings rates of 2.5% and you only need £1 She said: “We live in a flat which is owned by our daughter. She helps out. “Our daughter lets us off some months if we can’t pay. “We just pay her, not very much, but if there’s anything that goes wrong - we pay for that.” However, not all older Britons have the support of children, as some are ageing without children due to a myriad of reasons including choice, infertility or circumstance. Adult children can provide vital assistance for people in later life, reducing loneliness, providing care and support, or assisting financially. DON'T MISSCheck old payslips as Britons could get less state pension [UPDATE]State pensioners may get ‘bumper increase’ - but only from next year [INSIGHT]Pensioners urged to brace as inflation hits ‘panic-inducing' levels [ANALYSIS] Those without children may find it more challenging, and may not have any family support to fall back on in times of hardship. Suzan, 76, said her child was a vital source of support, adding: “My daughter is my greatest ally, bless her. “If ever I’m short, I can borrow from her and pay her back. Not large amounts, but sometimes on the weeks that are difficult, when I have a lot going out.” The charity Independent Age has called for the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to help older people who are struggling with their financial situation. They have suggested the establishment of an Older People’s Commissioner to hold the Government to account and ensure provisions are made for older Britons. Morgan Vine, Head of Policy and Influencing at Independent Age, exclusively told Express.co.uk: “Our new research clearly shows that adult children can provide a lifeline to their older parents, both financially and emotionally. “We hear from people in later life that have turned to their children during times of financial hardship, including requesting loans or being gifted vital items they cannot afford alone. “Adult children can also provide help with applications for financial support, managing money, or they can seek advice and support on behalf of their parents. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “But the 1.2 million older people in the UK without children – which will increase to two million by 2030 - must not be forgotten. “The cost-of-living crisis is already having a detrimental effect on people of all ages, and this is only going to get worse.” Ms Vine went on to express her concern for older people without children, stating they could have less options in this challenging time. As a result, she has called upon the Government to develop a strategy to tackle poverty in later life. This, she added, must also address older Britons who do not have any children. A DWP spokesperson told Express.co.uk: "We recognise the pressures on the cost of living and are doing what we can to help, including spending £22billion across the next financial year to support people. The full yearly amount of the basic state pension is now over £2,300 higher than in 2010 and in 2020/21 there were 400,000 fewer pensioners in absolute poverty after housing costs than in 2009/10. “This year we’ll support over 11 million pensioners with energy costs through our Energy Bills Rebate and Winter Fuel Payments, and we continue to work with stakeholders to increase awareness of Pension Credit – including as part of a recently launched campaign – with take-up now at its highest level since 2010.”