The Last Kingdom continues to be a huge hit on Netflix after the Anglo-Saxon drama wrapped up with season five. With many of the characters' storylines now at an end, fans are still wondering why some of the show's heroes had to leave. Charlie Murphy played Uhtred's (Alexander Dreymon) love interest in the first season. Iseult appeared in both The Last Kingdom and Bernard Cornwell's novels, The Saxon Stories. She was a sorceress from Cornwalum who was married to King Peredur (Paul Ritter). She kept her virginity as the king believed it maintained her powers. Iseult saved the life of Alfred's (David Dawson) son Edward (Timothy Innes) when he was a baby. She did warn saving his life would cost the life of another. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom's Eliza Butterworth won’t return as Aelswith in movie Iseult met her demise in the first season when the antagonist Skorpa (Jonas Malmsjö) stormed Uhtred's camp. She tried to run away but Skorpa chased after her and cut off her head. Uhtred was heartbroken as she was one of his most genuine loves in the series. However, she was only ever a supporting character and so her exit was always on the cards. In the original books, she is killed by a Dane soldier by having her head split open. After her death, Uhtred went on to have a number of other love interests. His relationship journey culminated in a heartbreaking moment with Aethelflaed (Millie Brady). He and the Lady of Mercia had been close since she was a child but their friendship blossomed into something more. They were keen to keep their relationship a secret, but their closest friends knew about the romance. In order for Uhtred to get to this point, Iseult had to go. DON'T MISS... Last Kingdom’s Father Benedict star's disappointment over season 5 [INSIGHT]Where was The Last Kingdom's Eliza Butterworth born? [EXPLAINER] The Last Kingdom exit: Why did Thea Sofie Loch Naess leave as Skade? [INSIGHT] Since leaving the series, actress Murphy went on to star in Rebellion and Peaky Blinders. She is still on the small screen, with her latest TV appearances in the series Halo and Deadline. Back in 2015, the star opened up about her character and how she loved playing her. Speaking to battleroyalewithcheese.com she said: "It is good fun. "For the introduction scene, I’m coming down these stairs, trying to feel dark and seductive but also aloof and in control. "But, at the same time, you’re counting the steps so you don’t fall over! "You have to try to tread a fine line between being graceful and being in control as well." At the time, she teased her character's demise, saying Uhtred would move on without her. She said: "Uhtred meets people at the right points in his life to help service his needs and his destiny. "He definitely does. But life will go on for him, after her, and she knows that."  The Last Kingdom seasons 1-5 are on Netflix now.