Martin Lewis was answering a question from a disabled woman regarding what energy bills tariff she should go on now that her fixed rate was due to end. However, Schofield queried the Money Saving Expert on how sustainable the ever rising prices are, which saw an answer many Britons were not hoping for.   Following a call from a woman called Patricia, who shared that she has additional energy needs due to her disability, Mr Schofield said of the current energy bills crisis: “How is this sustainable? “When you look at that October rise, you’ve got Patricia there who’s trying to charge up a wheelchair and has a lift for mobility, how the hell is this sustainable?” To which Mr Lewis frustratingly exclaimed: “It’s clearly not!” He continued: “For two, three, four, five, seven months I’ve been saying we need political intervention. READ MORE: New plan to ban gas boilers could make your home UNSELLABLE - ‘buyers hate heat pumps’  “It is deeply frustrating for me to sit here trying to give you the solution within the path that we have right now when ultimately, and there are many disabled people who have much higher energy use than average. It is a catastrophic problem.” Mr Lewis explained that the biggest misconception currently is that once inflation goes back down, prices will return to normal, but this is ultimately false. He explained: “I just want everybody to understand something, if you bought a shopping trolley worth of goods at £100 last year and we have high inflation at eight percent, that means the same shopping trolley worth of goods will cost £108 this year. “If inflation drops and goes lower that doesn’t mean next year the prices will drop back. Low inflation will mean next year it will cost £109 - it won’t rise as much.  “The idea that when inflation drops back to normal next year at some point, prices are going to get cheaper.” He exclaimed: “That is not how it works.” The warning that prices will not be going down from the current high was clear, and a daunting prospect combined with his energy rise predictions for October and April 2023. Mr Lewis shared: “We’re on the price cap here and that price cap is going to change in October and the current prediction which is now pretty strong as we’re over halfway through the period that it’s assessed on, is the price cap is going to rise around 32 percent in October.     “From where we are now, everyone who is on the price cap, your bill is going to go up by 32 percent in October.” He went on to explain the predicted rises for the next 11 months, calculating with typical household energy usage. Currently, on typical usage, the current bill is £1,970 per year. The October rise could bring this up to roughly £2,600 pro rata, Mr Lewis said.  He suggested April 2023 will see bills retract slightly to a predicted £2,300 per year. Mr Lewis continued: “This is not going away. “All the wait and see stuff, well we have a very good idea what is coming and the sooner you do intervention the less catastrophe that you have.” This Morning continues tomorrow morning at 10am.