Dan Walker, 45, left BBC Breakfast earlier this month after five years to join Channel 5 News. The presenter has taken to Twitter this morning to post a short video announcing his start date on the new channel. Dan posted the short video alongside his new co-host Claudia-Liza Vanderpuije. In view of his 759,700 followers he said: "I'm Dan Walker. It's great to be joining Channel 5 but news is never about who sits in the chair. "It's the stories that matter most from a team you can trust." Claudia then continued: "So join us here every weekday at 5pm." READ MORE: John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning Dan captioned the long-awaited video: "Here we go. See you next Monday at 5, on 5." He then included the tags: "@ClaudiaLizaTV @channel5_tv @5_News." The new Channel 5 presenter gave viewers a first look at the show alongside his co-star Claudia in the candid clip. Many social media users rushed to the comments to share their excitement over seeing Dan on screen again soon. C_newmaan2010 said: "Good luck with the launch, hoping beyond hope that it truly is different rather than more of the same, refreshingly different and balanced is what required.#NewsNotViews." DafyddJ32380301 added: "Good luck Dan. Have a great one." Dan's announcement comes shortly after his departure from BBC Breakfast a couple of weeks ago. The presenter bid an emotional farewell with his former colleague Sally Nugent making sure he knew the impact he had on the breakfast programme. As the show approached its final moments, Sally took a moment to thank Dan for “looking after” her throughout their time together on the BBC. DON'T MISS... Kay Burley sparks concern as she wears trainers live on Sky News [COMMENT] Johnny Depp stuns fans with surprise UK performance [INSIGHT] Ronnie Hawkins dead: Rockabilly legend dies aged 87 [DEATH] "You’ve been amazing, a real loyal friend," Sally said before Dan took a moment to say his own goodbye. Dan signed off: “It's always been my dream to do a job like this and have people like you guys so thank you.” As the crew all gathered in the studio, Dan continued: "It's come around a lot more quickly than I thought. You [Louise Minchin] had months to prepare, didn't you? I haven't had that long. "But it does feel a bit surreal I think, the fact that I won't be sitting on this sofa anymore, the fact I won't be sitting next to you [Sally] after today. "I think when - in this situation as you have over the past half-hour, you do look back and you think about the things that you’ve done, the stories you’ve covered, the people that you've met. "And this is lovely, but part of me hates it (laughs), I like talking about other people and I'm really thankful that I’ve had so many incredible memories of working on this programme, and wonderful moments that this role has given me. "There aren't many jobs where you get to give a voice to people who don’t have a voice and tell people’s stories and that’s what we all love doing more than anything else. "It’s been a real privilege to sit here and present this programme," Dan added. You can watch Dan Walker on Channel 5 News on Monday at 5pm.