The local race is the first since 2019 to involve the entire country and should provide a valuable referendum on the Government's conduct. Opposition parties are hoping to extract the Conservative majority as it struggles under the weight of numerous controversies. Labour and the Liberal Democrats will want to capitalise on this, and they have one day left to convince Britons they are the way forward. Polling station doors open at 7am this morning and will remain so until this evening at 10pm. Millions of people will cast their ballot for thousands of candidates across the UK during that window. While the race is national, it bears only a fleeting resemblance to general elections. READ MORE: Britain is sleepwalking into economic catastrophe Results will come sometime after polls close at 10pm, most likely in the early hours of Friday. Unlike general elections, there are no exit polls to predict the result ahead of time. Election bodies deploy workers to measure how voters cast their ballot on the evening of a given race. They produce a partial but reliable picture of how people vote countrywide, allowing media organisations to reveal results with some accuracy. Final results often differ from exit poll predictions, as vote counting can continue for days after election day. The local elections will deliver candidates into a selection of seats, meaning they are tougher to monitor. Exit polls are also reserved for more nationally significant ballots when voters across the country will want to know the results as soon as possible. Local council results are only significant at a community level, and as such, there is less of a push to discover them early on. The 2022 local elections will allow people to elect representatives at several community levels. They ultimately decide the makeup of councils, which operate day-to-day business rather than national policy. But they remain vital for the UK's political parties, who will want to gauge public attitudes against them. Conservatives, specifically Boris Johnson, have the most hanging in the balance. Partygate reignited last month as the Prime Minister received a fixed penalty notice for attending a gathering that broke Covid rules at the height of lockdown. The fine intensified calls for Mr Johnson to tender his resignation, with backlash from the opposition and his fellow Tories. Some backbenchers are reportedly waiting to send in letters calling for a vote of no confidence until after they find out how the party fared in the local elections, meaning his job could be in jeopardy.