Liverpool have rushed to appoint their former physio Christopher Rohrbeck after their squad suffered a spate of injuries, according to reports. The Reds have lost a trio of key stars over the last week, which has threatened to derail their final push for the Premier League title. Midfielder Fabinho hobbled off with a hamstring problem in the 2-1 win against Aston Villa last Tuesday. Mohamed Salah and Virgil van Dijk were both forced off during Saturday’s FA Cup final triumph over Chelsea. Salah was substituted in the first half with a groin issue and Van Dijk failed to emerge for extra time after experiencing a tweak in his knee. All three players are understood to be doubts for Tuesday’s must-win visit to Southampton. After Fabinho was taken off at Villa, Klopp became the driving force behind talks to bring back medical expert Rohrbeck. The German initially joined Liverpool from Mainz in 2017 having spent 14 years with the Bundesliga outfit. JUST IN: Thomas Tuchel warns Chelsea fans catching Liverpool may be impossible But he departed in 2020 despite being a popular dressing room figure at Anfield. According to The Athletic, Rohrbeck will return to Liverpool with immediate effect. “It's never easy to keep yourself fit. I try to look after myself. A lot of credit has to go to Christopher Rohrbeck, our physio who is sadly leaving us. He has been outstanding for me,” defender Van Dijk said of the physio following Liverpool's Premier League title-winning 2019/20 campaign. Incidentally, the Dutchman then spent the majority of the next season injured after damaging his ACL following a challenge by Jordan Pickford in a Merseyside derby. Liverpool will hope that Rohrbeck’s return will prevent any more long-term injuries. Liverpool need to win at Southampton to keep alive their hopes of winning an unprecedented quadruple. Their chances were increased by Manchester City dropping points at West Ham on Sunday. DON'T MISS...Chelsea's Thomas Tuchel faces big transfer headache Liverpool's triple transfer hints at new plan under Julian WardLiverpool's windfall from Nat Phillips sale adds to Klopp masterplan Klopp’s side can move within a point of City by beating the Saints. The title will then be decided on Sunday in a tense final round of Premier League fixtures. Liverpool host Wolves while the league leaders go to Aston Villa, where Anfield icon Steven Gerrard might hope to lend his former club a favour. If they were to hold City to a draw, and Liverpool picked up six points, then the title will end up going to Merseyside. But Klopp does not expect City to drop points two games in a row, saying on Monday: "I am really looking forward to the game tomorrow. Is it a big chance? I wouldn't say so because I don't know when City last dropped points two games in a row. “I am really looking forward to the game tomorrow. Is it a big chance? I wouldn't say so because I don't know when City last dropped points two games in a row.” Liverpool also face Real Madrid in the Champions League final on May 28. They will hope to have Fabinho, Salah and Van Dijk all available for that showpiece event.