Our Yorkshire Farm is yet to return to Channel 5 for its sixth season with little details on exactly when it will be back with more new episodes. When Our Yorkshire Farm does resume its place on the small screen, viewers will once again see how the Yorkshire Shepherdess and her husband Clive take care of their flock of children along with those living on the land of Ravenseat Farm. But the 67-year-old farmer's family extends beyond him, Amanda, and their own youngsters. Prior to meeting Amanda Owen in 1996, Clive was married to another woman who he was with for 13 years. Little details are known about Clive's wife apart from the fact that they share two children together, Rosie Owen, 35, and an older brother who is now believed to be about 37-years-old. Clive and his first wife's marriage broke down in the mid-1990s with her leaving with Rosie, aged nine, and her brother to live 25 minutes away in Kirkby Stephen, Cumbria. The children remained with their mum but visited Ravenseat Farm where her dad, and later Amanda, lived at the weekends. READ MORE: Stranger Things season 4 release time: What time is it on Netflix? Rosie, who reportedly works as a barmaid, has two daughters aged 16 and a 13-year-old son. In July 2018, she married a factory worker who she now lives with in Kirkby Stephen with her children. Her brother followed in the footsteps of his dad Clive, working as a farmer in the same town. Rosie has previously spoken out about her relationship with her father who has nine other children with Amanda Owen. Clive and Amanda's children are Raven, 21, Reuben, 18, Miles, 15, Edith 13, Violet, 11, Sidney, nine, Annas, seven, Clemmy, six, and Nancy, five. “They are living this wonderful life with all this success and I’m here with scars that run deep", Rosie told The Sun. “Obviously I’d like to be involved in my dad’s life again but I can’t see it happening. There’s a lot of hurt and anger and disappointment. “It feels a faraway dream that I could go and see my brothers and sisters at Ravenseat. “Ideally, it would be nice for my family to be involved with his family, but that doesn’t seem like it’s a reality... DON'T MISS...BBC Breakfast's 'out of touch' Platinum Jubilee coverage sparks uproar [REACTION]Our Yorkshire Farm’s Amanda Owen issues update after lambing struggles [UPDATE]What happened to Amanda Owen's new home project on Our Yorkshire Farm? [EXPLAINER] “I love them all but I feel I haven’t had a chance to have a relationship with them.” Amanda and Clive first met in 1995, when he was 42 and she was a 21-year-old shepherdess in training. She arrived at Ravenseat Farm asking if she could use one of Clive's rams for sheep breeding. Five years after their paths first crossed and Amanda and Clive tied the knot. Since then, the couple has spent their marital life at Ravenseat Farm where Rosie and her brother grew up. While Our Yorkshire Farm has been off-air, there has been a development in the family's lives. The couple previously purchased a derelict property called Anty Johns which is a short distance from Ravenseat, that has been empty for decades. Earlier this month, Amanda and Clive were granted planning permission to transform the 18th Century cottage into a two-bedroom house. Our Yorkshire Farm is available to watch on My5.