Nile Gardiner a foreign policy analyst and Telegraph writer, made the comments on Twitter after having the “pleasure” to host Lord Frost at The Heritage Foundation in Washington DC. Mr Gardiner said that Lord Frost had made a “terrific” speech at the event in the American capital and he had played a “vital” role in “delivering Brexit”.  He said: “A pleasure to host Lord Frost for a terrific speech today at The Heritage Foundation in Washington DC. “@DavidGHFrost⁩ is a true conservative who played a vital role in delivering Brexit. “As Margaret Thatcher envisioned, Great Britain is once again a sovereign nation.” It comes as the former Brexit minister admitted that he was ready to run for a seat in the House of Commons during a GB News interview with Nigel Farage.  However the peer turned down an offer from the former Brexit Party leader to run in the forthcoming Tiverton and Honiton by-election. A by-election is expected in the summer in the Devon seat vacated by Neil Parish. Mr Parish quit after being outed for watching pornography while in the Commons while surfing the internet on his phone for tractors. Lord Frost told the former UKIP leader that the House of Lords wasn’t a “brilliant place” to do “real politics”. READ MORE: 'More willing to humiliate us than Russia!' Frost attacks Macron  He said: “I don't think the Lords is a particularly brilliant place to do real politics from. “I think you need to be in the Commons to do real politics, that's obvious. “I have only just left Government obviously, I'm contributing ideas and by writing. “I'll be honest, I don't think it's right this time round for all kinds of reasons. DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: DUP 'ransom' threatens six months of chaos as row over [REVEAL] Dr Shola slams Brexit and says UK is 'led by donkeys' [INSIGHT] Lord Frost says UK forced to act 'unilaterally' over Brexit deal  [SPOTLIGHT]  “But if in future the opportunity comes up and the party wants me to do it, obviously I would be ready to stand down from the seat and do proper politics again.” Lord Frost also blasted Foreign Office civil servants who still regret Brexit, six years after the referendum. He said: “I think it's still there, it's definitely been weakened since 2016, people have got used to the idea. “I think what people are finding hard now in the Government and in the civil service is, having to be in charge, when we were in the EU, you didn't have to think. “Now, all of a sudden, our destiny is in their own hands, and they're hesitating a little bit, that's probably underlining some of the issues we've got at the moment.” 