Carlos Real, Lawn Care Expert and Managing Director of TotalLawn, has shared his top tips on looking after your lawn. Feeding your lawn is essential if you want a healthy, gorgeous looking garden. Think of your lawn as an extension of your home, regular maintenance will keep it in top form. It’s important to remember that not all soil is the same, in some areas soil will be high in nutrients but deficient in others. Therefore, making sure your lawn gets all its nutrients throughout the year is vital, and not just in the summer when you’re spending time in the garden. Your lawn needs three elements to thrive: Nitrogen (N), Phosphorus (P) and Potassium (K). Nitrogen supports the growth and colour of the grass, Phosphorus helps with healthy root growth, and Potassium assists with the overall function of the plant. Without these three crucial nutrients, your lawn is unlikely to survive. Iron Sulphate is also useful for your lawn, anything with less than three percent iron will help your lawns stress tolerance and the prevention of moss, whilst also creating that dark green lawn colour that we all love to admire. If used in higher quantities (anything higher than six percent), it will completely eradicate your moss, allowing you to rake it out to make way for new grass. READ MORE: 'Kills your whole lawn': What can you do now to get rid of moss in the garden? Vital steps Consider adding Magnesium Oxide (MgO) where you can. Not only does it contribute towards making your grass look luscious and green, but it helps the grass plant better metabolise nitrogen, while also helping with hardiness and promoting early growth at the start of the season. Soil beds need to be treated with three main ingredients: Calcium (CaO) – helps with the structure of the soil and increases a process called Cation Exchange Capacity (the process in which soil stores nutrients for later use). DON'T MISS'No brainer': British mum's life-changing lawn advice [REAL LIFE] 'Will kill your lawn': Choosing the wrong product will destroy your grass [WARNING] How to get the perfect lawn now - 'grass clippings help' [EXPERT] Humic Acid – assists with the soil structure whilst helping the plants get more nutrients to its roots. It also increases moisture retention and stops the soil from being too acidic or alkaline by neutralising the soil. Seaweed - good quality seaweed acts as a biostimulant that protects your lawn from disease, improves stress tolerance, and increases the growth rate of grass. Feeding your lawn isn’t a once-a-year job, if you really want the best possible lawn then you must get involved with the process all year round. Feeding your lawn should be done every three months, around four times a year. The majority of people begin to feed their lawns at the beginning of spring (around March time), and that’s when the process should begin. The next feed should take place at the beginning of summer (around June) and then again at the beginning of autumn (September). While it’s popular not to feed lawns in winter, cold winter feeds will strengthen your grass and assist in the prevention of moss. Remember to wait for a milder spell of weather when applying the feed though, as lawns will struggle to grow if the weather is too cold.”