This Is Us has been a fan-favourite on NBC for many years and viewers in the UK have been catching up on Disney Plus. Rebecca Pearson (played by Mandy Moore) died in the penultimate episode and she looked back on the significant moments of her life. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what happened after her funeral. The series finale took place in the immediate aftermath of Rebecca's tragic death. Besides her emotional funeral, the other main storyline was the dream sequence with young Rebecca and Jack (Milo Ventimiglia) on a train. The links between the past and the future finally became apparent as similarities were drawn between the caboose conversation and Rebecca’s death scene. At the end, Rebecca told Jack on the train there was so much left she wanted to do with her children. Jack reassured her: "You will. It’s hard to explain it but you are going to do all those things with them. You’ll be there.” READ MORE: Sally Dexter age: How old is Emmerdale's Faith Dingle star? Fans could not help but shed a tear as the pair told each other they loved one another and a final montage followed. The Big Three - Kevin (Justin Hartley) Kate (Chrissy Metz) and Randall Pearson (Sterling K Brown) - were seen looking on at their new families and reminiscing on how far they have come. Viewers were treated to a stunning final scene of the siblings sitting on the steps of the family cabin. They discussed their plans for the future, with Kate wanting to open more music schools for the visually impaired. Kevin wanted to focus on his nonprofit project and Randall will be exploring a run for president. Kate shared her fears of the family falling apart after the death of both their parents. Yet the Big Three promised to stick together and they did the iconic Big Three chant. Elsewhere Randall and Beth (Susan Kelechi Watson) had one last go at the Worst Case Scenario game, while Toby (Chris Sullivan) and Kate shared a sweet moment. Toby told Kate he loved her, fulfilling the wishes of KaToby fans. The final included a number of montages showing the Big Three from their childhood through to the morning of Rebecca’s funeral. DON'T MISS... Emmerdale theory: Amelia Spencer's troll exposed in cruel twistThis Is Us: Viewers ‘emotionally wrecked’ after season 6 finale The Blacklist season 9 finale: Panabaker's return confirmed The various generations of the Pearsons were pictured having fun as a family, with the final montage scene giving insight into what is in store. The last scene was the furthest in the future the show has ever explored. Fans may be interested to hear almost all material used in the finale was actually filmed four years ago. Creator Dan Fogelman opened up on some of the footage that did not make the final cut. He told Deadline: "Towards the opening of the finale, you see the three little kids waking up, intercut with the three adult kids waking up on the morning of their mother’s funeral. And then Jack’s voice calls them downstairs for breakfast. "I recorded stuff that we barely scripted, Jack’s flipping pancakes and making pancakes and then intercut with Randall, his much younger family in the old house flipping pancakes and making pancakes. "It was so charming, and it was speaking to the theme at the end of the episode — which is what the entire series has been about — that you carry this stuff forward with you without even thinking about it. "But it was a little bit abstract. The kids were younger, you were in a different timeline with Randall and as cute as it was, I thought we spoke to it better at the end of the episode, and so I didn’t keep it but I was so charming and the kids are so young. "And I think I’m going to put it online at some point.” As for whether there will be a spin-off series, Fogelman shared some disappointing news. He said: "I think I’m pretty set on this being it. I think that this show was always about this generation of the family and the sprawl of their family within those times. "Obviously there are more stories to potentially be told on the adult lives of their children and grandchildren but that was never the intent of the series."