The Queen has reigned for an unprecedented 70 years and she is widely regarded to be one of the most successful queens in British history. But the Queen is not only head of state in Britain alone, as several Crown Dependencies and Overseas Territories count the monarch as head of state too. Read on to find out about the Queen's unusual royal titles.  The Duchy of Lancaster is the private estate of the British sovereign, and it was established in the 14th Century. As the current holder of the Duchy, the Queen has been the Duke of Lancaster since she ascended the throne in 1952. In Lancaster, toasts to the monarch are often addressed to "The Queen, Duke of Lancaster!" Like her great-great-grandmother Queen Victoria, Queen Elizabeth II has gone by the Duke of Lancaster title during her reign rather than the feminine equivalent of Duchess of Lancaster. In the peerage system, women are not usually eligible to inherit a Dukedom in their own right, so the title of Duchess is usually reserved for the spouse of a Duke.  READ MORE: Kate Middleton pays tribute to Sussex wedding on eve of their return The Isle of Man is a self-governing British Crown Dependency, but the Queen is considered the island nation's head of state. As such, the Queen holds the title of Lord of Mann and she is represented by a Lieutenant Governor. Earlier this month, it was announced that Douglas on the Isle of Man had become the first Crown Dependency to win city status.   The competition was launched to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, and Stanley on the Falkland Islands became the first British Overseas Territory to win city status as well. Alfred Cannan, the Isle of Man's chief minister, referred to the Queen as the 'Lord of Mann' as he thanked her for the honour. He said: "Douglas being named as one of the eight city status winners, and leading the way for the Crown Dependencies, is a huge honour for the island and celebrates our unique mix of culture, history and heritage. "The accolade is a marvellous way to mark our relationship with Her Majesty The Queen, our Lord of Mann, while celebrating the Platinum Jubilee."  DON'T MISS:What is wrong with God Save the Queen?’ Readers slam jubilee song [INSIGHT]Queen Letizia 'returned engagement ring to shop' [PICTURES]POLL: Can Britain afford Monarchy as Sovereign Grant soars by £18m? [POLL] The Queen is known as the Duke of Normandy in the Channel Islands, which are comprised of two Crown Dependencies, the Bailiwick of Jersey and the Bailiwick of Guernsey. Like her Duke of Lancaster title, the Queen goes by the Duke title rather than Duchess of Normandy. The reason for the Queen's unique title in the Channel Islands is that the islands are the last remaining part of the former Duchy of Normandy under the rule of Britain's monarch.  The Queen holds the very unusual royal title of 'Seigneur of the Swans', and it is linked to the Swan Upping tradition. The Swan Upping is an annual fixture in England which sees mute swans on the River Thames rounded up, caught, ringed and released, and nowadays the practice is carried out to check on the birds' health and population numbers. The Queen witnessed the Swan Upping for the first time ever in 2009 in her role as 'Seigneur of the Swans'. 