Jon Kay erupted at the Secretary of State for Transport on Tuesday's instalment of BBC Breakfast over Sue Gray's long-awaited Partygate report. It comes after Downing Street admitted it had requested an in-person consultation between the senior civil servant and Boris Johnson earlier in May, but refused to disclose what was discussed. Kay began: "At a time when the Prime Minister is dealing with levelling up and dealing with transport and dealing with Ukraine, we know he was calling in Sue Gray just a couple of weeks before she publishes her report to have a little chat about what it might be including and how it might be released." The journalist fumed at the MP: "How does that look?" Shapps disagreed with Kay and assured BBC Breakfast viewers it was "normal" practice to discuss "technical details and timing" about the report. However, Kay furiously interjected: "This is not normal, is it? What we are seeing in Government at the moment is far from normal." "This doesn't look good does it?" Kay added. "It looks like a mess, it looks like you are trying to hide stuff." READ MORE: Piers Morgan defends Meghan and Harry during Prince Andrew row Shapps replied: "With the greatest of respect, I suspect by now your viewers are probably pretty keen to hear what we are doing to tackle the cost of living, what is happening with regards to these threatened rail strikes, and much else. "In a way, you are perpetuating it by continuing to talk about it. "As I say, you could not have had a more transparent process than the Metropolitan Police piling in a tonne of resources. "There is a very lengthy Sue Gray report which is going to be published in full."  In another attempt to turn the focus away from Gray's upcoming report, Shapps told Kay: "I think the public has a strong appetite for the matter which affect them in the here and now today. "I am very happy to move on to discussing those whenever you are ready." Kay was not prepared to let the subject go and told the minister: "The pandemic affected all of us, lockdown affected all of us, and that is why so many people have questions about it." Gray's report is expected to provide additional details on the nature of what happened at Downing Street during the last lockdown while covid restrictions were in place. DON'T MISS...Grant Shapps says red box in party pics is EVIDENCE PM didn't lie [LATEST]Susanna Reid in savage jibe over Grant Shapps' GMB appearance [MUST SEE]UK planning first net zero transatlantic flight — ‘guilt-free flying’ [UPDATE]  Viewers took to Twitter to praise Kay's style of interviewing, with Joanne commenting: "Nice one Jon Kay. If only more interviews were like that. #BBCBreakfast." Suki Hothi added: "Jon Kay making Grant Shapps squirm. Shapps tries to move on but is brought back, time after time. Quite right, make them squirm!" Lizzie Jack said: "I’m liking Jon Kay on BBC breakfast. Hope he stays a permanent fixture. Got a bit feisty then with [Shapps]. #BBCBreakfast." Megan exclaimed: "Jon Kay absolutely NAILING this grilling of Grant Shapps. 'It looks like a mess, you lied to us’ get the Tories out!'" #BBCBreakfast." (sic)    Matthew Chapman quipped: "Wow! Jon Kay has just gone Jeremy Paxman all over Grant Shapps! #BBCBreakfast." (sic) Caroline Evans added: "Give Jon Kay Dan's [Walker] job. He was superb in questioning Grant Snapps, he's funny and serious in equal measures. #BBCBreakfast." Dan Walker left BBC Breakfast last week to move to Channel 5 but his permanent replacement has not been announced yet. BBC Breakfast continues on weekdays at 6am on BBC One.  