Tom Parker’s widow Kelsey Hardwick has revealed their two-year-old daughter has been struggling with separation anxiety since The Wanted star died from a brain tumour in March. Kelsey said little Aurelia “hates her leaving” since her father died. Actress Kelsey, 32, shared a photo of Aurelia standing in the window as her mum headed out. She wrote in the caption: "Since we lost Tom, she hates me leaving. “Rae you break my god damn heart (in Tom's accent)," she added, alongside a heartbroken emoji. The couple also share a one-year-old son named Bodhi. Last week marked a “bittersweet moment” for Kelsey as she revealed she attended her first wedding since her husband of four years died. She took to Instagram to share her thoughts following the ceremony with her 318,000 followers. Kelsey shared a poignant picture of herself raising her glass next to a chair with a sign that read “for Tom”. She captioned the shot: “The year of firsts. My first wedding without my love. “I knew this was going to be the toughest weekend and I knew my head would be all over the place. “This weekend for me was so bittersweet, I was watching my best friend marry the love of her life, yet 7 weeks ago I lost mine.” The mum-of-two continued: “The thing about death is that even though I have suffered the most traumatic experience the world keeps turning. “The sun keeps shining and I know Tom was watching over me especially when the sun was beaming on us all day.” DON'T MISS...Britney Spears, 40, stuns fans as singer poses topless in naked photo[LATEST]Dan Walker's father-in-law unimpressed at Champions League final[FOOTBALL]Lewis Hamilton causes a stir in eye-catching neon blue outfit[PICTURES] In her reflective post, Kelsey pointed out that she also enjoyed the wedding and got to “be Kelsey”. She also admitted there were times when she could not stop crying as well as moments when she laughed “until my belly hurt”. Tom's wife penned: “I really enjoyed myself this weekend and it was so nice to actually let my hair down and be Kelsey. I raised a glass to my boy and I know he’s up there having shots. “There were moments when my heart would ache, moments when the tears wouldn't stop rolling down my face and moments where I laughed until my belly hurt. In this crazy world.” (sic) Kelsey concluded the post by highlighting that “life is for living”. It was her who broke the news that Tom had died aged 33 after bravely battling a brain tumour for two years, undergoing several gruelling rounds of chemotherapy and 30 radiotherapy sessions, outliving his prognosis by far. "It is with the heaviest of hearts that we confirm Tom passed away peacefully earlier today with all of his family by his side,” she wrote. "Our hearts are broken.”