Naga Munchetty, 47, was shocked when a guest on her BBC 5 Live show claimed Prince Charles could have “sexed up” the speech, on Wednesday’s show. The BBC Breakfast presenter invited fans and guests to give their verdict on Prince Charles' delivery of the speech at the State Opening of Parliament, on Tuesday in which he set out the Government's legislative agenda. The Queen, who had been expected to give the speech, was unable to attend due to ongoing mobility issues. Charles has received criticism from some for his mellow tone. Playing a clip of Charles giving the speech, Naga asked: “Could the speech have been given in a more animated way?” Speaker and author Esther Stanhope, otherwise known as The Impact Guru, was invited onto Naga’s show to discuss her view of how Charles’ speech fared. READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly pays tribute to Deborah James after final post She had some ideas on how Charles could have improved the speech, in her opinion, and even suggested he could have “sexed up” his mother’s speech. Esther began: “It was not a speech fit for a future king, was it?” She added: “Can we actually call this a speech?” She said it was more of a “list” than a speech and needed “rebranding”. Esther, who works as a public speaking coach, had some tips for Charles. She said: “Well, for a start, a little bit of energy would help!” Continuing, she said: “How can you care about a list of stuff? “It was almost as if somebody had handed him some awful pamphlet.” DON'T MISS: BBC's Deborah James bids farewell as she moves to hospice at home care [LATEST]Dennis Waterman spent last years ‘doing f*** all’ in Spain [UPDATE]Jane Fonda, 84, shows off drastic new look while filming in Rome [PICS] Naga said she had been reading political comments on the speech and noted that some had “branded it as dull”. Naga went on to defend Charles, by saying: “He cannot show any favour toward what is being proposed even though it is his Government, the monarchy’s government.” Esther said she would like to see “massive” changes in the system and the way the speech is delivered in the future. Thinking about the advice she gives her clients, she gave some pointers for the Prince. She said, laughing: “If I could have just briefed Prince Charles before he read the list, I would have said you can sex it up a bit.” “Come on!,” Naga replied. She also pointed out that not all of Esther’s recommendations could be practically implemented.