Erik ten Hag could be stifled in his attempts to recruit two of his biggest names at Ajax after taking charge of Manchester United this summer. Ten Hag is looking to dip into the Dutch market in his first transfer window as United manager but could face a hurdle too challenging to leap. In April, the Mirror reported that he was targeting Ajax duo Jurrien Timber and Antony to start his mammoth rebuild at Old Trafford. After impressive campaigns domestically and in Europe, the 52-year-old wants to bring them to England as he starts a new challenge after four-and-a-half years in Amsterdam. However, the Mirror now claim that Ajax are reluctant to sell any of their star players to United after already allowing their manager to join. The Dutch Eredivisie giants requested an agreement to prevent Ten Hag from raiding them for players after his exit, but the Red Devils refused. He will have in excess of £100million, plus funds raised from player sales, to commence his rebuild at a club currently in disarray. And with plenty of areas needing strengthening, the Dutch market could be attractive if Ten Hag is eyeing lesser-known players for lower prices rather than United's trademark marquee buys. JUST IN: Liverpool's Trent Alexander-Arnold laughs at Henderson free-kick Timber is an enticing option, given he will already be well-versed with the style of play Ten Hag will aim to implement at Old Trafford. And with Aaron Wan-Bissaka's future uncertain, his exit could make way for a new player capable of playing at right-back to challenge Diogo Dalot for a place. Antony has also shone in Ajax's electric attack and would fill the right-wing void United have suffered from for years. The Brazilian winger particularly caught the eye in this season's Champions League, registering two goals and five assists in seven games. READ MORE: Frank Lampard responds to Carragher over Anthony Gordon accusation If Ajax show reluctance to offload any players to United, Ten Hag will know the Dutch market well and could turn his attention elsewhere. The report has linked him with a £20m move for Feyenoord left-back Tyrell Malacia. Signings of that ilk will likely be part of United's fresh recruitment strategy amid a significant restructuring off the pitch. Whether Ajax would be able to fend off the Premier League colossus' financial power remains to be seen, though, especially if players would be interested in following Ten Hag overseas. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here