Piers Morgan, 57, has been at the centre of news the last few weeks after the start of his TalkTV show Piers Morgan: Uncensored last week. Following the start of the Miami Grand Prix, the former Good Morning Britain presenter took to Twitter to mock sporting legend David Beckham, 47, as he posed with racing driver Lewis Hamilton. Piers shared a photo in view of his 7.9 million followers of Lewis along with basketball legend Michael Jordan, David and American footballer Tom Brady. The TalkTV host captioned the picture: "Three [goats] - and David Beckham." Piers used a goat emoji, which stands for "greatest of all time", signalling out the sports star. Many social media users took to the post's comments to share their view on the picture and Piers' opinion. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's 'main issue' pointed out by Karren Brady MS_Jibia said: "The funny thing is, I only recognise Beckham in the picture, the not so called Goat." Sticking up for David, MarkDrury17 penned: "He's won more Premier league titles and Champions league titles than Arsenal have and he's not played in England for almost 20 years." Digging at Piers, 101dodo101 argued: "And he still achieved more, had more talent in his left foot and contributed more to society than you in terms of taxes paid, jobs created,and donations given. "Stop degrading people." (sic) Yazieed defended Piers as he commented: "No lies detected." AFC892 added: "David Beckham is the most overrated sportsman, of any sport, in the history of sport." This is not the first time Piers has made his feelings clear about David and his sportsmanship. In February, Piers took to Twitter to share his view while he watched the SuperBowl and LA Rams star, Odell Beckham Jr. DON'T MISS... Gary Lineker addresses James Corden Match of The Day replacement claim [COMMENT] Lewis Hamilton causes stir in hot pink outfit at Miami Grand Prix [PICS] Steph McGovern forced to change BAFTA TV Awards look last minute [BAFTA] He wrote on February 14: "Great to watch a Beckham who can actually play football." This angered Match of the Day's Gary Linker who leapt to the defence of the former England captain. Gary replied: "You might dislike him, for whatever reason but David Beckham was a great footballer. One of our finest." Piers then gave examples, as he remarked: "You might want to suck up to him, for whatever reason, but Beckham was the most overrated player in history. Wouldn't have got onto the Arsenal Invincibles bench." Gary then listed David's notable achievements as he tried to prove the outspoken journalist wrong. He added: "6 Premier Leagues, 2 FA Cups, 1 Champions League, 1 La Liga, 1 Ligue 1. "Balón d’Or runner up. 115 caps for England, 59 as captain. "One of the best crossers of the ball the game has ever seen. Yeah, overrated." Piers is known for his outspoken personality and this will certainly not be the last time he makes his feelings about the former footballer clear.