Tennis stars Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal have been warned by John McEnroe that world No. 2 Daniil Medvedev may ‘do something big’ at this year’s French Open. Medvedev has enjoyed a perfect start to his week at Roland Garros, winning his round one and two clashes in straight sets. Heading into the tournament plenty of talk surrounded the likes of world No. 1 Djokovic and French Open specialist Nadal. 1984 champion McEnroe though believes Medvedev could be set for a big tournament, sending a strong warning to the sport’s two biggest stars. Following the Russian star’s second round win over Laslo Đere McEnroe told Eurosport: “I’m going to talk about Medvedev because I am actually pleasantly surprised. I thought he played really well, and we talked about Medvedev being a hard court player, I think he has got the ability to do something big on clay.” Whilst Medvedev may have impressed the tennis legend so far, McEnroe does believe actually going on to win the title may be too much of an ask. He continued: “Do I think he [Medvedev] is going to win this tournament? No, I don’t think he is going to win it. JUST IN: French Open player issues apology after escaping punishment for hitting child with racquet “Looking at his draw, [Miomir] Kecmanović who has just won - or is about to win - is a tough customer. Another Serb, another believer. I think Novak has inspired Đere, Kecmanović and others to heights that maybe they perhaps were not thinking.” As well as a tricky draw, McEnroe feels the Russian’s lack of match fitness may also stop him from becoming champion. “I think it was awesome that all things considered he looks like a guy that is a threat. I think that Medvedev is starting to believe that he can do something. My question is that he hasn’t played in two months. Physically you know, as the tournament wears on can he hold up and make a deep run?” DON'T MISSCarlos Alcaraz rejects Novak Djokovic comments and remains on French Open collision courseWimbledon could have ranking points decision REVERSED as ATP council member speaks outAlexander Zverev snaps at reporter in furious confrontation after French Open win McEnroe feels that this lack of fitness is telling when he takes to the Roland Garros surface, having played just one clay match in preparation. He said: “It’s like it hurts him. He’s not as adept or accepting of the situation on the clay. You know, as I mentioned earlier; the two-handed backhand - it’s a great shot, but it’s flat - so I think guys coming up against him can take advantage of that. “Where would you rather hit a ball if you’re a player? Here [at waist height], or if Rafa’s playing, you’re hitting it around here [at head height]. I think that the spin has more of an impact on the clay. But you know, some of this won’t matter, obviously, because Daniil Medvedev is an incredible player. Why in god’s name couldn’t he play better on clay? I think he can; it’s just a mindset. You’ve just got to dig in and do whatever it takes." 