The Tories lost control of 12 councils and hundreds of seats in the aftermath of numerous scandals surrounding the Prime Minister and his Government, including partygate, Chancellor Rishi Sunak’s tax debacle, and the continuing cost of living crisis. As Boris Johnson comes under renewed pressure to give up the top job, who is likely to replace him as Prime Minister? Betfair Exchange has these odds on the next contender for Prime Minister: Liz Truss - 13/2Jeremy Hunt, Tom Tugendhat - 15/2Ben Wallace, Penny Mordaunt - 10/1Rishi Sunak - 15/1Nadhim Zahawi - 19/1Sajid Javid - 22/1Michael Gove - 25/1Dominic Raab - 30/1Priti Patel, Steve Baker - 40/1 READ MORE: United Ireland? Sinn Fein win bolsters case for UK breakaway Betfair spokesperson Sam Rosbottom said: “Boris Johnson’s chances of seeing out the year have seen a rare improvement this week as the odds on him vacating Number 10 have drifted to 7/4 from 6/5 following the early local election results. “Liz Truss is the 13/2 favourite to replace Johnson as party leader when he steps down. “But whoever is in charge has plenty of work to do with no overall majority the most likely outcome at the next general election at 5/6.” Boris Johnson addressed the appalling local election results, saying his party had a "tough night". He said: "We had a tough night in some parts of the country but on the other hand in other parts of the country you are still seeing Conservatives going forward and making quite remarkable gains in places that haven’t voted Conservative for a long time, if ever. "The big lesson from this is that this is a message from voters that what they want us to do above all - one, two and three - is focus on the big issues that matter to them, taking the country forward, making sure we fix the post-Covid aftershock, get us all through the economic aftershocks in the way we got through Covid, fix the energy supply issues, that’s where the inflationary spike is coming, and keep going with our agenda of high wage, high skill jobs. That is what we are focused on." Tories across the country have been calling for the Prime Minister to make a quick exit from office, and accused him of poisoning the Tory brand. The anger isn’t just among grassroots and local Tories, but also from senior backbenchers. DON'T MISSWar would be over if others were as brave as Britain says Zelensky [REPORT]Mounting Tory pressure as Boris facing calls to cut taxes [INSIGHT]Why Boris Johnson faces more headaches after local elections storm [ANALYSIS] Senior Tory Sir Roger Gale damned the Prime Minister in comments made on Friday evening. He said his leader was “hanging on by his fingertips”, and also claimed that 30 to 40 letters of no confidence had been submitted against Mr Johnson.This could result in a vote of no confidence against the PM if the threshold of 54 letters is reached. Marcus Fysh, Conservative MP for Yeovil and South Somerset, said: "I do think radical change in the policy is required and, if it doesn't happen, there really isn't an electoral future for the party, because I think it will get crucified at the next election having bombed the economy." Cabinet ministers have characteristically stood by the Prime Minister, even if it’s highly likely his replacement will come from within the top echelons of the party. This morning Education Secretary Nadhim Zawahi called the Prime Minister an “asset” to the party, and said "I think he's unique as a politician in being able to cut through."