Prince Harry and Meghan will return to the UK to join the rest of the firm on Friday, June 3 for the largest royal gathering since their wedding. Ms Levin said she suspected the Duchess will have the same "fixed" smile she had at the couple's last public event before Megxit in 2020. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex were pictured looking awkward sitting alongside Prince William and Kate at a Commonwealth service at Westminster in 2020. The event, which marked Harry and Meghan's final outing as frontline royals, caused speculation to grow over a potential rift between the two couples. The photos appear to show the Duke of Sussex looking angry sitting next to a smiling Meghan, while Charles and William seemed to be frowning as they walked up the aisle.The couples didn't make eye contact in the snaps nor engage in conversation during the service.  Commentators speculate whether the reunion next week will lead to further frosty photos of the royal couples. Royal expert Angela Levin expects the stress of the meeting will be etched on the faces of Harry, William and Kate. However, she claimed Meghan, will adopt her "Hollywood smile" and "wave to the crowds" for the cameras. Ms Levin told MailOnline: "I think the St Paul's service is going to be very stressful for the royals, especially for William and Catherine, who feel they [the Sussexes] have badly let down the Royal Family. READ MORE: Kate and William hailed by royal fans for stepping up for Queen "It will be just as frosty as the Commonwealth Service in 2020. "The brothers will look serious and I suspect Meghan's Hollywood smile will be fixed". The Jubilee celebrations will mark the first time in two years that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will be seen alongside the entire firm. The royal writer also suggested the couple's decision to attend the royal occasion could be to satisfy Netflix producers as part of their $100m deal with the streaming giant.  DON'T MISS:Archie and Lilibet to skip Queen's thanksgiving service at reunion [INSIGHT]Royal Family 'brace' for Sussex docuseries 'Have to deliver headlines' [COMMENT]Platinum Jubilee emoji: How to use new PJ the corgi icon [ANALYSIS]