The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge made a solemn visit to Manchester Arena today. The concert hall was the place where a vicious bombing took place five years ago at an Ariana Grande show. The attack claimed 22 lives and the victims were aged between eight and 51.  The royal couple attended the official opening of the memorial to the people who were killed or injured in the suicide bombing. William, 39, and Kate, 40, were on hand for a service at the Glade of Light memorial, which depicts a white marble halo and bears the names of those killed. It is situated alongside the city's cathedral. Today was Kate and William’s first outing since the news broke that Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will be returning to the UK next month for the Platinum Jubilee.  READ MORE: Meghan Markle beats Kate and Diana with most popular wedding dress A body language expert, Judi James, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to offer her analysis. She said: “This was an emotional day for William who watched his father shoulder his grandmother’s role during the State Opening of Parliament before travelling to Manchester for this visit to pay tribute to the victims of the terrorist attack. “But despite the sadness, it is easy to see how relaxed and comfortable William and Kate look together, as opposed to William’s very solitary appearance in the Palace of Westminster earlier,” the expert claimed.  Did the couple show pending anxiety with the upcoming arrival of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex? Judi continued: “With the looming challenges of a visit from Harry and Meghan to plan for, William and Kate seem to have achieved a state of emotional resilience. “This is possibly thanks to some of the previous challenges they have weathered over the past few years. “The loving glances Kate throws her husband here keep the mood up.  “The very authentic smiles they produce from him appear both professionally and emotionally invincible.” What will their body language be like when they are reunited with Harry? Judi commented: “Since Harry left the UK, Kate has shown her skills and her talents as a mediator, choreographer and a source of support to even top-level royals like Prince Charles. “With experienced royals like Sophie, Edward and Anne all now apparently forming a stronger version of the Firm, it could hopefully be a much more relaxed and calm version of the Cambridges during Harry’s visit this time around.” William made an emotional speech, in which he recalled travelling to Manchester following the attack in 2017 to talk to the community and attend a service of commemoration at the cathedral.