Aries (Mar21/Apr20) Accepting a challenge to prove something to yourself or to someone who keeps belittling you will feel empowering. You can do this. Remain confident and you will succeed in your aim. Having them apologise for their high and might attitude will mean a lot to you. Taurus (Apr21/May21) You always hate it when people try to rush you into making your mind up. As long as you hide your desire to be given more time to think, it should be possible to delay matters. By Wednesday you will feel more certain about the best way to jump. Gemini (May22/June21) Accepting an assignment that someone else was hoping to be offered could put you in for some criticism. You have been chosen especially for this job and you cannot and won’t want to turn it away. You just wish you could keep your own business away from other people’s prying eyes. Cancer (June22/July23) Put thought into what you take on now. It would be easy to say yes to something only to realise later that it doesn’t particularly interest you. Taking charge of a community project could leave you swimming out of your depth. READ MORE: Star sign: Best dog for each star sign - 'perfect' compatibility Leo (July24/Aug23) Taking up an opportunity to broaden your knowledge or experience will come in useful in the future. This may be through signing up for an online course, evening class or attending a workshop. You will also learn a lot through conversations that capture your interest. Virgo (Aug24/Sept23) Your family hope you will go along with long-term plans being made even though they are more for others than for you. Still, it makes them happy and if this does not interfere with your own objectives, you will find a way to support them.  Libra (Sept24/Oct23) A close relationship isn’t going as smoothly as you had hoped. You might feel as if you have lost your way in romance. It’s hard to know how to express loving feelings when a partner is being distant and uncooperative. Draw on your imagination to arrange something special. Scorpio (Oct24/Nov22) The past weeks have had their fun moments but this is nothing compared with what lies in store. News is trickling in about a community celebration. This will be your chance to get involved in group activities with a difference. Your creativity shines. Sagittarius (Nov23/Dec21) You’re keen to try something different. As determined as you may be to add a little spice to your days you may not get a lot of encouragement from your family and friends. Their priority will be with mundane matters that hold no appeal. Capricorn (Dec22/Jan20) Be ready to break out of your usual routines. It will be through taking an open-minded approach to challenges that are ahead that you stand to gain the most. A friend who is an enthusiastic collector of antiques will try to get you interested in one of their collections. Aquarius (Jan21/Feb19) You’ve always been sociable but for reasons of your own, you will want to avoid putting yourself in situations where you are the centre of attention. Watching from the side lines also means you can get a good idea of what is motivating others. Pisces (Feb20/Mar20) There is something you have been saving for and you are very close now to being able to afford this. Don’t feel guilty about treating yourself now for after all, you have been looking forward to this moment. You deserve it.