Denise Welch, 64, has spoken on Meghan Markle’s ongoing rift with her father Thomas Markle on Twitter today. The Loose Women star said it is “healthier” sometimes for daughters to “stay away” from their fathers, if they are mentally unsettled by them. Denise typed: “No daughter ever born stays away from their father, sick or not, unless it is healthier for them mentally to stay away. “No one commenting has any idea what goes on in anyones family unless they’re actually part of it. The End.” Earlier this month the Duchess of Sussex's father had been admitted to hospital after suffering a stroke. He was rushed to hospital early on Tuesday morning. READ MORE: Madonna, 63, unveils ageless appearance at Davis and Romero fight Karl Larsen, who has a YouTube channel with Mr Markle, confirmed the news to the PA news agency. Last month Mr Markle, 77, said he was planning to fly to the UK in June for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee in the hope of seeing his estranged daughter and the grandchildren he has never met, Archie and Lilibet. He told GB News he had a right to meet his grandchildren, adding: "I would like to meet with Prince Charles and thank him for walking my daughter down the aisle, and also to meet and talk with him because I think we have a lot in common now. We've pretty much both been ghosted by our children." Mr Markle also criticised Harry and Meghan for not bringing Archie and Lilibet with them when they visited the Queen this month before their appearance at the Invictus Games in the Netherlands. "Not bringing the children was like another slap in the face to the Queen," he said. "It was very rude and the wrong thing to do. It makes no sense at all…I don't know if it's Meghan or if it's Harry but the Queen should have every right to see her great-grandchildren and I should have the right to see my grandchildren." In the days leading up to the couple's wedding in 2018, it was revealed Mr Markle had staged paparazzi photographs of himself. He was ultimately unable to come to the wedding as he was recovering from heart surgery - and his relationship with the Sussexes became increasingly fraught. DONT MISS:Queen's 'hideous condition' fears dismissed by Russell Kane (PHOTOS)Midsomer Murders' Neil Dudgeon was knocked out after taking on muggers (NEWS)Elon Musk breaks silence after accusations in Amber and Johnny trial  (LATEST) A letter between him and his daughter then became the subject of a tense legal battle. Mr Markle has also said he is hoping to face Meghan and her "ginger husband" in court as part of a defamation case brought by the duchess' half-sister. She alleges in court documents that Meghan made "false and malicious lies" about her during the Sussexes' Oprah Winfrey interview and in the Finding Freedom biography. Samantha Markle said this subjected her to "humiliation, shame, and hatred on a worldwide scale". Mr Markle has sided with his older daughter and said he would be "thrilled" to be able to defend her. Meghan said in her Oprah interview that she was an only child and had only seen her half-sister a handful of times throughout her childhood. The Duchess and her Prince Harry will arrive in the UK this week. An insider told Daily Mirror: “Despite their estrangement, Meghan is concerned. She wants to know if there is any way to contact her father privately, without other family knowing about it or having to get involved.”