While it might not seem like it, the shade of white you choose can have a huge overall effect on your room. The wrong white could make a room feel cold or could make other beloved furnishings look drab. Luckily, an expert is on hand to assist. Tash Bradley is the Director of Interior Design for Lick and a colour expert. The home decor company specialises in pigment-rich paints in fresh colours. She explained how to choose the right white for each room in your house. Tash said: "The best white is subject to the room type and the other colours you already have on the walls. "If you are wanting a more architectural white, go with a white that has a grey undertone such as Lick’s White 02. "However, if you’re looking for a warmer white pick one with a yellow undertone such as Lick’s White 03." The decision between a warm or cool white is the most important to consider when making a decision on paint. READ MORE: 'Never skimp on prep': Avoid the most common DIY renovation painting mistakes Tash has one important rule as to which you choose, and it's to do with a fundamental element of your room. You must work out which way your room faces. This will have a drastic effect on the light in the room. The expert said: "If you want a white for all of your walls and throughout your house, it’s important to consider which direction each room faces. "If your room is north facing, it’ll be lacking the natural sunlight so pick a warmer white with a yellow or pink undertone. DON'T MISSInside Molly Mae's £4m home and the luxury paint to achieve to look [PROPERTY]Painting mistakes to avoid - or devalue your home [WARNING] DIY renovator creates 'bright, spacious' home with paint trick [INTERIORS] "Whereas, if the room is south facing you’ll want to balance the sunlight and go for a white with a grey undertone.” Unless designing your room from scratch, you may have furnishings you are keen to feature in your room. Well, if so, the wrong colour white could clash drastically with them. Tash explained: "I’d always say that the white has to be complementary to the colours that are already on your walls and furnishings. "So, if you currently have a warm colour on your wall then going for a warm white will soften the contrast and the transition." Try the paper trick If you know whether you want warm or cool white, a piece of printer paper can help you work out which is which. It will immediately be clear whether a white is warm or cold compared to the paper. Tash also discussed how to choose a colour for your fence. She said: "When painting exterior garden walls, consider them as an extension of the rooms you are in. "So, does the colour palette in your garden work with the one in your kitchen?" She went on: "For structural features look at your surroundings, I love to take inspiration from nature, so soft blues to reflect the tones of the sky."