Tomato plants should be well on their way to producing some delicious and juicy fruit, with most plants ready for harvest between July and September. In order to get the best tomatoes, it is essential you care for them correctly, including giving them the right amount of water. However, when it comes to all plants, one easy mistake gardeners make is overwatering. While water is essential for all plants to thrive, too much can drown them. When it comes to tomato plants, some of the effects of overwatering can be seen pretty quickly. According to an expert from Gardener's Catalog: "There’s no need to panic though, as this is a common problem every new gardener will face in their gardening journey." There are some simple ways you can save your plant and prevent it from happening again in the future. READ MORE: How to get rid of snails from your garden - 6 easy and natural methods Before taking any sudden action, you need to be sure your tomato plant has had too much water. According to Gardener's Catalog, some key signs of an oversaturated plant include: Yellowing of the leaves If your plant's leaves begin to turn yellow, this could be a sign they have had a little bit too much H2O. The experts from Gardener's Catalog said: "Yellowing leaves usually occur because the tomato plant cannot get enough oxygen, this can be caused by either overwatering or slow draining soils, such as heavy clay, which can hold water and suffocate the plant’s roots." DON'T MISSHow to grow perfect rhubarb: Mark Lane's expert guide - scatter manure [INTERVIEW]Plants to avoid when adding a ‘burst of colour’ to gardens [INSIGHT]How to kill ivy: Easy salt and vinegar solution to get rid 'for good' [EXPLAINER] Your roots are beginning to rot Rotting roots are a sign of serious overwatering. The experts explain: "If your plants sit in water for a long period of time, their roots absorb an excessive amount of moisture, far more than the plant can process. "The water will stagnate and will prevent the roots from growing, making them weaker and more susceptible to pathogens." Rotting roots can be hard to identify just by looking at your plant, but one key indication can be a foul smell coming from the plants. Other signs of rotting roots include fleshy stems and leaves dropping off unexpectedly. Rolling leaves Though it may seem like an odd symptom to look out for, curling leaves can be a sign of overwatering. Luckily, acceding to Gardener's Catalog, it's not one to be too worried about. They said: "As overwatered plants grow and begin to produce fruit the leaves curl upward and inward. "This normally occurs overnight and can leave the new gardeners in shock as to what has happened to their plant during the night. "Luckily, this doesn’t mean the death of your harvest, and your tomato plants should still provide you with fresh tomatoes later in the growing season." Your plant is wilting and feels wet As well as turning yellow, the leaves of your tomato plant are also likely to begin to wilt. If you notice wilting leaves combined with soil that feels wet to the touch, it is a clear sign you should halt watering immediately. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea According to the experts, tomato plants can "make a full recovery from overwatering". However, in some cases, you may need to act with haste if you want to return your tomato plant to its former health. One of the most effective and simplest methods to save an overwatered plant is by eliminating any stagnant water you notice around its roots. The Gardener's Catalog expert said: "If your plant is an indoor potted plant, the first thing you need to do is to remove any excess water that may be sitting in the drip tray underneath the plant. "Alternatively, if your plant is located outside, turn off the hose or any irrigation system you may have." If you are growing your tomato plant in a container, consider digging up your plant and repotting it. Be gentle when removing the plant from the pot, and pull away as much of the wet soil as possible from the roots, making sure not to pull away or damage any roots. Next, you will want to replant it using fresh soil. The experts added: "To help prevent further overwatering, try and make sure you plant in a pot that fits the roots and has drainage holes in the bottom. "Then gently fill the gaps around the plant with fresh compost."