Liverpool fans are still queuing to get into the Stade De France for tonight's Champions League final with Real Madrid. The game was delayed by half an hour due to problems inside and around the ground. And despite the game nearing half time, the trouble isn't over for many supporters in France. Before the match in Paris, fans encountered problems trying to get inside the stadium. Police were seen tear-gassing and pepper-spraying fans outside the ground, with some fans storming into the stadium. And Liverpool fans speaking on Sky News are still trying to get inside the Stade De France, despite the first half being over. One fan, who was interviewed as he was kept outside the ground, said: "Basically we've been stuck here for a couple of hours trying to get into the stadium. “We were delayed probably 500 metres from the stadium, we were blocked passage because there were loads of vehicles and now we're being tear gassed. “There's no reason why we're being tear gassed and no reason for the delay." THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Footage on social media shows fans being targeted by police. Journalist Steve Douglas said: “I got bundled into a hut by a security guard, told to remove accreditation, and then forced to delete video footage of the crowd issues otherwise I wouldn't be allowed back in.” BBC journalist Nick Parrott revealed he was one of the people pepper-sprayed outside, too. "I have just been pepper sprayed for the first time in my life,” he said. “I have been to the Champions League final before and I have never been pepper sprayed before. "I was outside Gate Y which has been opening and closing repeatedly over the last hour and a half but nobody has been going through. “The security staff on the other side advanced and sprayed pepper spray. "I have seen 10 fans trying to climb over fences. Gate Z is open but there does not seem to be any movement going in. “I have never seen this sort of chaos at any match I have been to in a personal capacity. "The Liverpool fans are trying to move themselves back from these gates to try and get in but the authorities seem to be doing nothing. “I came to get into the stadium at seven o'clock. "I got through the outer perimeter where there is crushing. “I came round in good time and it was quite clear that we were not going to get in before nine o'clock." Whether the Liverpool fans stranded outside will be allowed to enter is unclear. But UEFA’s handling of the incident will likely come under scrutiny in the coming hours and days ahead.