One of these symptoms is urinary incontinence. Alzheimer’s UK describes urinary incontinence as varying from “a small occasional leak of pee, a continued leak after peeing, or a total loss of bladder control”. It adds that one of the most common forms of urinary incontinence is an overactive bladder, describing it as “especially common in people with dementia”. An overactive bladder normally causes the feeling of a sudden and intense need to pee and frequent urination. READ MORE: High cholesterol; Three smelly symptoms associated with high levels  Alzheimer’s UK adds: “Women are also at particular risk of a type of urinary incontinence called stress incontinence, often caused by pregnancy and childbirth. “This is when a cough, sneeze, or laugh causes a small leak of pee.” Although incontinence can be a sign of dementia, it isn’t always the case. Other causes include:• Urinary tract infection• Constipation• Prostate gland problems• Side effects of medication• Other gut problems.  Nevertheless, if someone is of a particular age, it is wise to consider dementia as a possibility, particularly if they have other symptoms of dementia. Common signs include memory loss, difficulty concentrating, finding it hard to carry out familiar daily tasks, struggling to follow a conversation, being confused about time and space, and mood changes. Should an individual believe they or someone they know has dementia, it is recommended they see their GP. Although there is no cure for dementia, there are some treatments with the ability to slow the decline. Dementia is a losing battle for all those diagnosed, and it continues to be a battle for the scientists trying to defeat the disease. It has only been in recent decades that scientists have been able to fight at all. For years dementia was seen as an inevitability of age, something that happened as someone got older. However, thanks to technological developments, doctors were able to discover dementia was a disease, one that could be treated. Scientists have also been able to discover the extent of the damage dementia does to the brain. Such is the level of destruction, the brain of someone with dementia weighs around 140 grams less than a healthy brain, around the same weight as an orange. Furthermore, despite the fact there is no cure and treatments are limited, scientists such as Race Against Dementia’s Doctor Cara Croft are confident of new treatments within the next 10 years. Although this is positive for the patients of the future, for the patients of the present it is too late.