Prince Harry and Meghan Markle signed a reportedly lucrative multi-million-pound deal with Netflix in 2020 and last year Archewell Productions, which Harry and Meghan co-founded, announced that Meghan would be an executive producer on 'Pearl'. The animated series was due to centre on the adventures of a 12-year-old girl who is inspired by influential women from history. Filmmaker David Furnish, who is also the husband of Sir Elton John, was also due to be an executive producer for the series.  Along with other projects in the pipeline, Pearl has now been axed by Netflix as part of strategic decisions the company is making around animated series. Other animation series Netflix has decided to part ways with include Dino Daycare and Boons and Curses. The cancellations have cropped up amid reports Netflix lost 200,000 users over the first three months of 2022. Netflix faces stiff competition from other streamers, including Disney+ and Amazon Prime, and the latest figures have fallen short of predictions that it would add 2.5 million subscribers to its service.  READ MORE: Royal Family: Meghan's Netflix Jubilee plans ruined Deadline reported: "Word in town is that even before recent events, Netflix had been telling producers to take some development projects elsewhere, after those producers had been given indication they were priorities. Clearly, Netflix’s inordinately high content spend is being reevaluated." When Pearl was announced last July, Meghan said she was "delighted" to be able to announce her new project with the "powerhouse platform". She said: "Like many girls her age, our heroine Pearl is on a journey of self-discovery as she tries to overcome life's daily challenges. "I'm thrilled that Archewell Productions, partnered with the powerhouse platform of Netflix, and these incredible producers, will together bring you this new animated series, which celebrates extraordinary women throughout history.   "David Furnish and I have been eager to bring this special series to light, and I am delighted we are able to announce it today." Although Pearl has now been shelved, Netflix said Archewell Productions remains a valued partner and they are continuing to work together on several projects. One of the projects Archewell Productions and Netflix have partnered on is the documentary series 'Heart of Invictus', which will centre on the Invictus Games. As a working royal and since leaving the Firm in 2020, the Invictus Games has been one of Prince Harry's flagship royal projects.  DON'T MISS:Meghan Markle 'didn't understand point' of royal tradition [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle ‘reinforced’ rift between William and Harry [ANALYSIS]Meghan's engagement ring takes Diana on their 'crazy' journey' [PICTURES] As per the Archewell website, the series will "showcase powerful stories of resilience and hope from competitors" in the run-up to the Invictus Games The Hague 2020, which Meghan and Harry both made an appearance at last month. The Duke of Sussex said when the series was announced last year: "Since the very first Invictus Games back in 2014, we knew that each competitor would contribute in their own exceptional way to a mosaic of resilience, determination, and resolve. "This series will give communities around the world a window into the moving and uplifting stories of these competitors on their path to the Netherlands next year. "As Archewell Productions’ first series with Netflix, in partnership with the Invictus Games Foundation, I couldn’t be more excited for the journey ahead or prouder of the Invictus community for continuously inspiring global healing, human potential and continued service.” It was announced earlier this year that Meghan's first podcast series with Spotify will launch in the summer and it will be named 'Archetypes'. 