Liverpool are facing off against Real Madrid in a blockbuster Champions League final. You usually have to pay for BT Sport to watch Champions League football, but tonight's big game can be watched entirely for free across a number of platforms including YouTube and the BT Sport App. If - however - you want to watch the Liverpool Real Madrid game in glorious 4K then you will have to pay for a subscription. You can find out the best deals below... Real Madrid will be looking to win a record extending 14th Champions League title in Paris while Liverpool could clinch its 7th UCL trophy. If Liverpool win tonight they will wrap up a remarkable treble of cup competitions after winning both the FA Cup and Carabao Cup this season. Tonight's match will be a repeat of the 2018 Champions League final which Real Madrid won 3-1, with Gareth Bale scoring a remarkable bicycle kick. Many players in the current Liverpool squad featured in that game, and Reds superstar Mohamed Salah - who played in that final - has already said he is looking for revenge in tonight's game. Speaking recently about the rematch with Real Madrid Salah said: "It’s revenge time. They beat us in the final last time. It was a very sad day for all of us."  BT Sport will be showing all the action live from the Champions League final today. The big European game will be broadcast on BT Sport 1 (Sky 413, Sky HD 870, Virgin 527, BT TV 430). Pre-match build-up begins at 6pm and kick-off is set for 8pm. Unlike other Champions League matches, the final has been made available to watch completely for free by BT. There are a number of ways you can tune in - you can either head to the BT Sport YouTube channel where you can watch a free broadcast, or you can watch the match via the BT Sport app. This app is available for smartphones as well as devices like Smart TVs, PlayStation and Xbox consoles as well as Android TV and Amazon Fire. For select devices you will also be able to access 360° clips and multi-camera functionality via the app. Alternatively, you can also head to the btsport.com/final website where the Champions League final will all be broadcast live for free. If you're a Virgin Media customer you'll also be able to tune in and watch the game on your Virgin Media TiVo, TV360 or Stream box on channel 532, which is an HD channel. For those that want to tune into the match in 4K, you will have to subscribe to BT Sport Ultimate as a 4K HDR stream isn't available for free. 