Grease and grime can appear on ovens straight after use and it can be stubborn to remove, especially without using harsh chemicals. A dirty oven filled with dirt and food debris is not just hygienic, it can actually be a fire risk, which is why Britons should aim to deep clean their ovens every three months. One expert has shared how to clean your oven using just two products. Andrew Bramley, a professional in the Commercial Cleaning Industry, at Pure Freedom, said: “I understand that using your oven day-to-day will lead to baked-on grease, sticky grime, and burnt bits accumulating on your tacks and doors. “I advise cleaning your oven by using natural ingredients that will be non-toxic and safe to use.” To clean the oven and doors, the expert recommended using just two products. Andrew said: “To start, mix a paste that is part baking soda and two parts water. READ MORE: Always use the ‘four P’s’ to stop slugs and snails ‘wreaking havoc’ “Apply this to all the greasy spots of the oven, avoiding any heating elements. “Make sure to wear gloves as this can be a messy job.” Leave the paste for 30 minutes on the glass doors and overnight on the inside of the oven. The expert said leaving it overnight will help to “breakdown any grime”. DON'T MISS:‘Easy tips’ to keep fresh flowers ‘blooming’ for longer [COMMENT]‘Easy’ vegetables to grow now which need ‘minimal’ time and attention [EXPLAINER]Swiss cheese plant: The ‘daily’ job to keep your houseplant alive [EXPERT] He added: “Once left overnight, use a damp cloth to wipe away the paste. “If there is any stubborn residue that remains, use a dash of white vinegar. “This will foam up and should completely remove the dirt.” Cleaning the inside of the oven can be tricky, but cleaning racks can be even harder. Due to their size, the expert said the “best” and “easiest” way to clean them is in the bath. Andrew said: “This allows them to be fully submerged properly. “Start by placing an old towel on the bottom of the bath and start adding your trays on top. “Sprinkle baking soda over the racks and add white vinegar. “This will cause a chemical reaction and will start to fizz. Leave it until the foaming stops. “Once the reaction has stopped, begin to fill the bath with enough hot water to completely cover the trays.” When covered, the expert recommended leaving it to sit in the mixture overnight. Once left overnight, Andrew recommended scrubbing the racks with an old cloth to remove grease and grime. For any stubborn grime, a toothbrush with a pinch of salt should remove it. The expert added: “Rinse the racks thoroughly before returning them to the oven.”