Nobody wants to arrive at their holiday destination only to find a blemish - or two - on their skin. Experts at Pai Skincare shared ten tips for keeping the skin healthy and clear, with guidance for pre-flight, during flight and post-flight. 1. Cleanse Cleansing is key. Pai Skincare recommends using a detergent-free cleanser, followed by moisturiser. Moisturiser can be applied little and often. For those who suffer from dry skin, a little eye cream can be applied around the orbital bone to prevent dehydration lines. 2. Bare all While you may want to look your best to potentially bag an upgrade to First Class, your skin will not thank you if you cake it in makeup. "It’s recommended you go make-up free if you can." If this is not possible, something light weight and hydrating is best. READ MORE: 'Free botox': Facial yoga practitioner shares 3 facial massages 3. Hydration Feed the skin from the inside by keeping a big bottle of water at hand. Water will ease the damaging effects of flying on the skin, whilst boosting immunity which can be weakened by dry cabin conditions. Avoid tea, coffee and alcohol, which are dehydrating. 4. Stretch and spritz It's always a good idea to have a walk around the plane every so often to stretch the legs. And while they're at it, flyers should spritz with a calming face mist. 5. Moisturise Moisturisers can really get into the nooks and crannies of the skin, providing deeper hydration, which is always a plus. "Slather it on whenever you need a more thorough top-up." This will ensure hydrated skin ahead of the holiday. 6. Cleanse Cleansing was the first step - and now it's back. Flyers should not underestimate the power of a good facial cleanse. And holidaymakers shouldn't wait until they get to the hotel - "as soon as your reach your destination, head to the bathroom and cleanse again using a detergent-free, gentle cleanser". 7. Exfoliate This is necessary even after short haul flights. This step will energise the skin, making it look and feel less tired by buffing away dead skin cells. 8. Restore A repairing face mask is the next step for the ultimate flying skincare routine. A pump of spot cream can be applied to any lurking lumps before they rear the heads. 9. Protect Regardless of destination and weather, a broad-spectrum SPF is a skincare winner. Pai Skincare said: "Slather plenty on before you go outdoors." 10. After Sun "When you’re back indoors, give your skin some post-sun nourishment after cleansing." Rosehip oil can also soothe and repair skin.