Liverpool take on Real Madrid tonight with millions of football fans expected to watch the action from Paris live online. Streaming major sporting events remains hugely popular but before you start searching Google in the hope of finding a way to watch for free...beware! Security experts are warning that scammers are actively trying to steal credit card and banking details using bogus websites that claim to offer full access to the Champions League Final without paying for the privilege. According to the team at Kaspersky, cyber thieves are launching official-looking websites that promise high-quality streams for free. The slick websites look incredibly convincing and it's easy to see how some unsuspecting fans could be fooled. Once a fan has landed on the site, the crooks explain that tonight's football is free to watch but the stream will only become available once a credit card is handed over. Of course, there is no live stream and this is simply a trick to gain access to personal banking data which can then be used to fleece the victim. "For most fans, video streaming is the best available option to watch the game. Scammers understand this and use the match to create phishing platforms for streaming," Kasperky explained in an email sent to Express.co.uk. "Fans are asked to put in personal data as the first step to register for access to match streaming. After registering, they will also be asked to put in their bank details to verify their bank card. "Such ‘unknown’ services should be considered suspicious, especially if they promise a ‘free service’, but later, during the registration process, ask people to provide bank details and other personal information." If you are desperate to watch the game tonight there is a very easy way to tune in without fear of being scammed. BT Sport has exclusive rights to this tourmant which usually means signing up for an expensive TV bundle. However, the company has confirmed that it's allowing anyone in the UK to watch the Champions League final for free via the BT Sport app. This application is available to download on mobiles, tablets, selected smart devices and even games consoles. A link to the live stream will be available at the top of the BT homepage when the firm's coverage gets underway at 6pm tonight. If you want to watch on your TV, the BT Sport app will also show the final for free on Samsung Smart TVs (2015 onwards), Apple TV 4K, Chromecast Ultra, Xbox One (X and S), Playstation 4 & 5, Fire TV, Android TV, NOW, Roku, Google Chromecast and Netgem. Sadly, if you want to view in glorious 4K you will need to subscribe as BT is only offering this pin-sharp coverage to those on its premium platform.