Small but able to cause mighty damage, mice have been plaguing the homes of Britons for thousands of years. Scratching away from inside of walls and under floorboards, mice are capable of causing infection, spreading bacteria and destroying possessions. Mice are usually identified through their dark-coloured droppings and gnaw marks through cables, packaging and food. Tiny in size, these pests are able to squeeze through the tiniest of cracks, infiltrating the home and potentially breeding. Zack DeAngelis, creator of Pest Pointers explained how there are certain natural scents mice “hate” due to their “strong sense of smell”. He said: “Mice have a very keen sense of smell that is much stronger than what humans experience. “You can use this trait to repel mice and use scents that mice hate. “These powerful scents that work against mice are highly recommended as effective solutions.” Here are a few scents that you can use to help repel mice and keep them away from your property. READ MORE: Pests: How to keep insects out of the house using ‘strong smells’ Peppermint oil is known to be one of the best alternatives to pesticides. The pest control expert explained that homeowners can use it by dipping cotton balls into your peppermint oil before placing them around your home. This can be done indoors and out, wherever the problem is occurring. However, as it would take a lot of time and a whole lot of oil to cover large areas this way and the scent will eventually fade, instead you can try mixing 10 to 15 drops of the oil with water to create a spray. Alternatively, peppermint toothpaste can be used as a deterrent. Zack said: “One of the most common scents that we use in daily household items is also the one that mice truly cannot stand the smell. “Simply do what you would do with the oil and rub some toothpaste along baseboards, near doorways, next to any cracks if you happen to have them, and any mouse holes.” DON'T MISS: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘super cheap’ way to clean washing machine drawer [TIPS]Winchester: The £1m property, the doer-upper & the average home [INSIGHT]Gardening tips: ‘Best time of day’ to water your garden plants [EXPERT] Cinnamon is a great scent to deter mice as the “strong, spicy aroma” is something “they hate the smell of”. The expert said: “Mice are very strongly opposed to the smell of cinnamon, so grab the powder from your spice rack and keep them at bay.” There are many ways to use cinnamon to keep mice away, and it really just depends on what you are hoping to do, the amount of work you want to put into it, and which products you already have at home. Zac continued: “Stash some cinnamon sticks in drawers, closets, cabinets, underneath furniture, and anywhere else that you see fit. “This will repel mice and will also give a nice aroma to your home without needing to buy lots of expensive candles and wall plug-ins. A win-win.” As mice hate strong scents due to their intense sense of smell, vinegar just may be “the strongest scent” out there, especially when it is left undiluted, according to the pest guru. He said: “This strong, sour aroma is good for repelling many creatures, and mice are no exception. As we all are aware, it is nearly impossible to cover your area fully with this mixture. “Similarly, it isn’t really an ideal scent to have all over your house for a prolonged period, nor is the dispersal of vinegar in every nook and cranny going to be a fun process. “Instead, mix some water and vinegar in a spray bottle to mist any areas where you have seen mice as well as locations you expect them to go.” Using this method around doors, floorboards, countertops, and closets is recommended. For whatever reason, mice really do not enjoy the scent of dryer sheets. This is great news because this is another product homeowners might already have laying around. The best part? It takes even less work than spraying, sprinkling, or misting other scents. Zac advised: “Just stick a dryer sheet in your small spaces that mice may be drawn to and leave them for up to a week at a time. “Leaving them longer will have no negative impact, they just lose their scent after a while and will need to be replaced to continue being effective in that given area. “Basically, stick a dryer sheet under furniture, in closets or cupboards, and anywhere you suspect that your furry frenemies may try to show up.”