Two-thirds are happy to buy used or refurbished mobile phones – which emerged as one of the most sought-after second-hand items available. Three in ten enjoy buying pre-loved clothing, while 35 percent seek out retro furniture, and 24 percent like sourcing old homeware goods. A number of factors are behind the popularity of used items – including wanting to be more sustainable (36 percent), and needing to cut costs (32 percent). Wanting to buy one-of-a-kind items (16 percent) is also a contributing factor – with around a quarter noting second-hand goods are “surprisingly good quality and good value”. The Virgin Media O2 study marks its “Do One Thing” campaign, inspiring adults to make small lifestyle changes to help the planet. To highlight the initiative – part of its overarching Better Connections Plan – an artwork was also commissioned featuring this call to action. Drones were used to photograph the artwork, which was created by arts organisation Sand In Your Eye using grass paint, in a field in Hebden Bridge, West Yorkshire. The study also found nearly two-thirds (65 percent) believe it’s more acceptable now to buy pre-owned products than it was a decade ago. One in three also believe buying second-hand doesn’t mean you have to compromise on quality – as products can work just as well as something bought new. And 35 percent shop for used items to make their money go further – with almost a fifth (18 percent) even saying they get a “buzz” from buying second-hand. And 17 percent said the feelgood feeling they get from shopping lasts longer when buying used items over new ones. It also emerged four in ten are now more likely to buy gifts from a second-hand store or website. Nicola Green, from Virgin Media O2, said: “It’s reassuring to see that protecting the planet is high on the nation’s agenda. “Shopping second-hand is one of the ways to tackle the climate crisis by reducing waste and saving money.” The research, conducted via OnePoll, also found over three-quarters (77 percent) believe little changes – like recycling old mobile phones to prevent them from ending up in landfill – will help protect the planet. And 44 percent admit there are things they could be doing more of in order to be greener – including recycling more, being careful with energy use, and eating less meat. A further 55 percent believe people need to make small changes to their lifestyles to live more sustainably, and 43 percent are keen to protect the planet for future generations. Nicola Green added: “With Virgin Media O2’s “Do One Thing” campaign, we want to inspire everyone to make changes to their lifestyles – big or small – to help protect the planet.” TOP 20 THINGS ADULTS WOULD CONSIDER BUYING SECOND-HAND: