With inflation hitting nine percent in the year to April, the value of the payout is being shrinking quickly in real terms. It now buys £90,000 less than a year ago. In a further blow, National Savings & Investments (NS&I) has frozen its annual prize rate at a meagre one percent. Savers must reconsider their loyalty.  The real value of the £1 million Premium Bonds jackpot has more than halved to around £500,000 since it was first introduced 28 years agon in April 1994. If it had kept pace with retail price inflation, which has averaged 3.1 percent a year in that time, it would be worth a staggering £2,341,625 today. This rubs some of the gloss off the excitement of winning a million Most people won't complain if they do win – a million is still a million (even when it isn’t). But this isn’t the only drawback with the nation's most popular investment. Around 23 million people hold Premium Bonds, but NS&I continues to offer them a lowly annual prize rate of just one percent a year. That's the annual return on your money, assuming you win an average number of prizes in Ernie’s monthly prize draws. NS&I hasn’t increased that prize rate, even though the Bank of England has introduced four successive base rate hikes since December. It is now starting to fall behind other savings accounts, for example, savers can now get a best buy one-year fixed-rate bond paying 2.25 percent. Or they can get 1.5 percent on instant access. As inflation rockets, there isn't a single savings account that can help your money keep pace, but it is still worth shopping around to get the best return you can. The last change to Premium Bonds was actually a CUT, in December 2020. Inflation burned through a record £98 billion of savers’ deposits in 2021 and will consume even more in 2022, research from investment trust manager Janus Henderson shows.  NS&I needs to offer savers a better return on their money, but don't hold your breath, said Sarah Coles, senior personal finance analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown. The Government sets NS&I a target for how much money it needs to raise from savers each year, which is currently £6 billion (excluding Green Savings Bonds). “NS&I is close enough to its targets for this year so does not need to do anything drastic, like raising Premium Bond rates,” Coles said. She added: “Savers have every right to be disappointed, especially after four Bank of England rate hikes, so it’s worth considering whether these bonds are the right place for your money.” As far as NS&I is concerned, there’s no need to boost prizes. Money continues to pour in from savers who appreciate the security of having their money backed by the Treasury, with the excitement of potentially winning monthly prizes. DON'T MISS:‘I took on British Gas and won’ - woman's refund after energy fight [REVEAL]Waspi woman's desperate step after State Pension snub. Burned fence [INSIGHT]Pensioner wins Premium Bonds jackpot with year-old bond [LATEST] Premium Bonds are a national treasure, but the opportunity cost of holding them is rising, Coles warned. “You don’t get any interest on money held in them, so as easy access rates rise, you are missing out on more interest.” The higher inflation is, the more it eats away at the value of your savings. "You have to decide whether the vanishingly small chance of winning a life-changing sum of money is worth giving up a rate of interest that’s so far behind inflation.” Victoria Scholar, head of investment at Interactive Investor, said if you are willing to take on a higher level of risk, your money will work much harder in stocks and shares. "Many people will find the stock market too risky. But with savings accounts, the value of your money is guaranteed to fall in real terms."