Netflix’s hit crime series, Ozark, came to an end in April after it premiered its fourth and final season. While fans were left with mixed feelings about Ruth Langmore’s fate, the actress Julia Garner revealed why it was difficult for her to play the character.  Viewers were first introduced to Ruth in season one when she worked alongside Marty Bryde (Jason Bateman) to help him launder millions for the Navarro cartel. As the series progressed, fans quickly learned about her tough upbringing. She grew up in a trailer park, her mother had died when she was eight and her family spent the majority of her life in and out of prison. However, this gave her a tough and no-nonsense personality, as she was confident in most situations and was known for her incessant swearing.  READ MORE: Carol Kirkwood confirms engagement live on BBC Breakfast Actress Julia revealed she wasn’t anything like Ruth and explained how portraying the character became a difficult challenge. She admitted: “The first season of Ozark was very hard for me. “I’m not aggressive, I don’t have the confidence that Ruth has, I’m not super tough like that.” Throughout the series, Ruth wasn’t afraid to go for what she wanted and eventually killed to get it.  Julia continued: “The thing about Ruth that’s interesting, that I could connect with her is she’s very sensitive.” Despite her hard exterior Ruth’s soft side though, often shone through when she was around her cousins, Wyatt Langmore (Charlie Tahan) and Three Langmore (Carson Holmes). She worked hard and aspired to become a success so they could all have a better life, as Ruth felt major guilt for the deaths of her uncles Boyd (Christopher James Baker) and Russ (Marc Menchaca). She had often dreamed of moving away from the Missouri Ozarks and encouraged her cousins to do the same, this was seen when Wyatt was accepted into college.  DON'T MISS...Ozark season 4 theory: Jonah actually shot Wendy as fans spot key clue [THEORY]Ozark plot hole: Ruth Langmore should've survived as fans question [BLUNDER] Ozark explained: Who is baby Zeke and why is he important? [EXPLAINER] Due to her circumstances, her attempts to motivate her cousins failed after Wyatt decided not to further his education. Ruth attributed this to the ‘Langmore curse’ which dominated the minds of her uncles who were more interested in committing crimes. She often referred to it as an example of what she was trying to get away from. As she on occasion felt destined to a life of petty crimes and run-ins with the law, so she tried her hardest to break the curse.  In season four, after she had parted ways with the Byrde family, viewers gained insight into her dreams. Speaking to Wyatt, they planned to move away with the millions she had earned and buy a huge home, however, this wasn’t to be the case. Sadly, Wyatt was killed which devastated Ruth, and as a result, she went on the warpath to avenge her cousin. When she did kill the leader of the Navarro cartel, she became a target and eventually succumbed to a deadly bullet. Ozark is available on Netflix. 