The official line from the Palace is that only working royals will be allowed onto the balcony to watch the Trooping of the Colour – the Queens official birthday parade - but that’s not strictly true as exceptions have been made for Princess Anne’s husband, Tim Laurence, Edward and Sophie Wessex and their kids, the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester, the Duke and Duchess of Kent and Princess Alexandra and the Cambridge kids. So actually everyone will be up there waving apart from Harry, Meghan Andrew, Bea and Eugenie – which is exactly as it should be. No liggers allowed! But actually, this ban is really about just Harry and Meghan. Because let’s face it Prince Andrew was never going to be there – Charles and Wills would never have stood for it. No, this is to stop the Sussexes inveigling their way back into the Queen’s affections for their own selfish ends and using the royals to get footage and publicity for their various multi-million-pound projects. And maybe this ban, which we’re told was made “after careful consideration” by the Queen, is a signal that finally she’s realised what her once favourite grandson has become. Maybe, after Harry’s treachery last week she now sees what his and Meghan’s game is. How could she not after his ridiculous statement about how he was making sure she had the right people around her and then blabbed every clough and spit of his meeting with her to a US TV station? And how bizarre that this tricksy pair announced they were coming to Britain for the celebrations just minutes after the Palace revealed the Queen had banned them from the balcony. Clearly, they didn’t want it to look like The Firm had stolen a march on them or that they’d been right royally snubbed – which of course they have been. It's believed Her Maj has already been warned that after Harry blabbed to NBC Today about their tea together last week he and Meghan are likely to milk the jubilee for their own personal ends. And let’s not forget Harry’s got a Netflix documentary to finish about the Invictus Games and so he needs a bit of royal pageantry to spice it up. And Meghan’s cartoon series, Pearl, has just been dumped by Netflix so the two of them have to find a way of justifying their £112m contract. What better way than the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations to do that?  This pair are so desperate to be included in the celebrations - remember two weeks ago Harry said he wasn’t even sure they’d come - that finally he and Meghan are bringing Archie and Lilibet to see the Queen, presumably not just as a way into the Jubilee Celebrations but also Her Maj’s good books. They’ve had a year to introduce her to baby Lilibet who she’s never met, but they choose the Jubilee to do it? The tragedy here though is that their presence will disrupt the celebrations. It will take attention away from Her Majesty as the nation tries to thank her for her 70 faultless years of service. Of course, Meghan and Harry will hate the fact they’ve been lumped into the Bad Royals Box with Prince Andrew because comparisons will be made that all three of them have disgraced the royal family, trashed its reputation and hurt people who did nothing to deserve it. And it’s a good thing they won't be on the balcony - it might have been the first time ever that a royal has been booed by the crowds.  Hopefully, the Sussexes will see that no one really wants them here. The truth is we’re over them and their presence will be a distraction from the only person who matters – The Queen. If Palace officials do their jobs properly this publicity hungry pair will not be allowed to hijack events and take attention away from The Queen. But as officials know only too well Harry and Meghan are very good at manipulating the news agenda. Hopefully, they’ll have enough decency not to do anything that will hurt or embarrass Her Majesty. But I wouldn’t bet on it! 