Janet Jackson told her story in Sky's four-part documentary, which was released in January. The singer shares the trials and tribulations of her life as one part of the Jackson family, growing up as a star and alongside the biggest pop artist on earth. In the documentary, Janet opened up on how her relationship with Michael became strained at various points. It appears that the relationship between the brother and sister suffered in adulthood, even when they were working together. In 1995, Michael and Janet released a joint album titled 'Scream', including the lead single with the same name. While filming the music video for the hit, Janet claimed in the documentary that Michael’s record company Epic Records "blocked" her from seeing him. Their record companies kept them apart when they filmed the music video for their smash hit, according to Janet, who believed they "didn't want her on set". She said that being separated during the production was "tough". Filming of the music video overran and costs spiralled to $7million (£5million). On the shoot, she said: “It was his song and I was there to support him. "Michael shot nights. I shot days. His record company would block off his set so that I couldn't see what was going on. She continued: "They didn't want me on set. "I felt like they were trying to make it very competitive between the two of us." Epic Records was approached for comment but did not respond. Janet said the incident only pushed them further apart as Michael's growing fame coincided with a more tense relationship within the family. She added: "That really hurt me, because I felt I was there fighting the fight with him, not to battle him. "I wanted it to feel like old times between he and I, and it didn't. Old times had long passed." She also revealed that her late brother used to tease her about her weight, calling her a “pig” and a “slaughter hog”. READ MORE: Janet Jackson health: 'I'm recovering' - star addresses health rumours Addressing the comments in the documentary, Janet, the “Together Again” singer, remembers her relationship with Michael, and how his jokes would affect her. She said: “There were times when Mike used to tease me and call me names: ‘Pig’, ‘horse’, ‘slaughter hog’, ‘cow’.” She continued: “He would laugh about it and I’d laugh too, but then there was some­where down inside that it would hurt. When you have somebody say you’re too heavy, it affects you.” Janet said she has struggled with her weight since the age of ten, when she won the role of abandoned girl Penny on the US sitcom Good Times. She explained: “I’m an emotional eater, so when I get stressed or something is really bothering me, it comforts me. “I did Good Times and that’s the beginning of having weight issues and the way I looked at myself. DON'T MISS Michael Jackson shared an emotional duet with a woman he 'loved' [INSIGHT] Louise Redknapp flaunts toned abs as she meets ‘idol’ Janet Jackson [INSIGHT] Janet Jackson reveals ONE thing that defends Michael Jackson [ANALYSIS] “I was developing at a very young age and I started getting a chest and they would bind it so I would look more flat-chested.” Asked if it would be different if she wasn’t in the public eye, she added: “I probably would have wound up not having a problem.” Janet, while talking about the difficult times with Michael, did say she was very close to him, especially as children. She said, at one stage, she offered to reunite the Jackson 5 to and "stage an intervention" for Michael, but he wouldn't listen. Janet explained: “I said, ‘We wanted to talk about you guys going on tour again and if you guys would do that as brothers. I would be honoured to open for you’. “He didn’t have much to say, he was standoffish. I was really upset. “My family chartered a private jet and they came for an intervention. It was a way of us getting close again and he wasn’t having it.”