As the newer addition to the National Lottery games, Set for Life offers the nation the blinding opportunity to take home £10,000 a month for three decades. Taking place every Monday and Thursday, the game was introduced to offer those who win a guaranteed income rather than the usual one-off prize. Launched on March 15, 2019, Set for Life is known as an annuity lottery, giving winners the top prize of acquiring a total of £3.6 million over the course of three decades. The Set for Life draw takes place at 8pm, and there are eight different ways to win each draw. To be in with a chance of winning, you have to buy your ticket by 7:30pm. The Set for Life numbers are 3, 13, 15, 19, 36, and the Life Ball is 7. READ MORE: UK lottery winner comes forward to claim £184,262,899 prize    To play Set for Life, players must select five main numbers from one to 47, as well as one Life Ball out of numbers ranging from one to 10. You have the option to either choose your own number or opt for a lucky dip, where the numbers are chosen for you at random. Tickets cost £1.50 per line, and of course, the more lines you play, the higher your odds of winning.  Prizes begin at £5 for matching as few as two of the main numbers, but this value will increase the most numbers you’re able to match. To win the top prize of £10,000 a month for 30 years, players must match all five main numbers as well as the Life Ball. To win the second main prize of £10,000 every month for one year, you must match all five main numbers without the Life Ball. Out of the eight prize tiers, each award is fixed. This means, unlike some other lottery games, you’re guaranteed to win the stated amount in your tier regardless of how many winners there are.   DON'T MISS: Direct debit change warning: Britons could save 'few hundred pounds' [INSIGHT]'Supermarket tactics' could trick you into spending more [EXPLAINED]Why Sweden is lagging behind Finland in its bid to join Nato [ANALYSIS]    Even if multiple players win the top prize, they’ll each receive £10,000 a month for 30 years. However, if there are no winners, there will be no rollovers. Rollovers take place in Lottery games like the EuroMillions or National Lottery, and it happens if no one wins the top prize. From here, the jackpot figure will be ‘rolled over’ to the next draw, offering an even larger prize for players of that week. Apart from the top and second-tier prizes mentioned, you have six additional chances to take home some big figures.   If you guess the four main numbers as well as the Life Ball, you can take home £250. If you guess just four main numbers, you’ll take home £50. If you guess three main numbers and the Life Ball, you’ll win £30. For just three main numbers and no Life Ball, the prize is £20. For two main numbers and the Life Ball, the prize is £10, and for just two main numbers, you’ll snap up a fiver. The odds of winning the top prize currently sit at one in 15,339,390. 