The Queen has planned for members of the Royal Family to tour all corners of the United Kingdom in a bid to include all parts of her majesty's realm in the monarch's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Travelling around the country on behalf of the Queen will be Prince Wiliam and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge as well as Princess Anne and Sophie, Countess of Wessex. Between them the "Fantastic 5," as the new royal formation has been dubbed, will visit Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland to mark the Queen's 70-year-reign. Royal Roundup host Pandora Forsyth said: "Coming up within this year the fantastic five, which won't include Harry and Megan, but the fantastic five who will be taking the Queen's spot and be going around the country doing various bits and bobs first." Mr Palmer noted: "We have the fab four, the magnificent seven, the fantastic five. "The other members of the Royal Family over that bank holiday weekend are going to be sent out to the other nations of the United Kingdom to ensure that the main celebrations aren't entirely London focus," continued the royal expert. Mr Palmer continued: "Very few details available at the moment.  "We know that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are going to Wales. "Princess Anne is gonna go to Scotland and the Countess of Wessex, Sophie, is gonna go to Northern Ireland." The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's two-day visit to Scotland will feature engagements focusing on mental health. They will arrive in Glasgow where they will visit a project operated by The Wheatley Group.  The duke and duchess will see first-hand how the group is transforming the lives of vulnerable people and those at risk of homelessness. William and Kate, known as the Earl and Countess of Strathearn in Scotland, will speak with service users who have benefitted from access to employment support to help mitigate the impact of poverty. They will also visit a new-build property in the Kennishead area and hear about the importance of good-quality, secure housing. Homelessness has been an important aspect of Prince William's work.  They will then visit Glasgow University where they will discuss mental health with staff and students before hearing about pioneering work being done by researchers at the School of Psychology and Neuroscience. Both William and Kate will then meet members of the public outside of the university. In just a few weeks' time, the Queen herself is preparing to appear at some of the high-profile Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The Palace said she was looking forward to the festivities but her presence will not be confirmed until much nearer the time or even on the day of the events.