Sky Sports pundit Gary Neville has torn into BT Sport over their coverage of the Champions League final chaos that saw fans exposed to tear gas outside the Stade de France. Liverpool and Real Madrid supporters were left waiting in limbo as kick-off was delayed by more than half an hour, with a TV panel including Steven Gerrard and Rio Ferdinand forced to stall for time. UEFA drew criticism from all angles as fans were met with massive queues and little communication outside the stadium in Paris. Fans and pundits fumed at their first kick-off delay message, which appeared to point the finger at supporters who had allegedly turned up late to the match. Eventually, the game got underway more than half an hour behind schedule, but some were left feeling as though BT Sport had not provided ample coverage of events that some claim were 'unlike any seen before' at a major final. JUST IN: Liverpool fans still queuing for Champions League final vs Real Madrid towards half time  Journalist Adam Crafton was among them, and he vented on social media: "Surprised BT sport don’t have a team on standby outside of stadium, getting little to no sense of the major story from the broadcaster." Former Manchester United star Neville pulled no punches in his response, firing blatant shots at the rival broadcasters. "Are you surprised?" he asked. "I’m not. They can’t react or aren’t agile to things like this happening." Although fans gradually filed into their seats by the time the match got underway, albeit after two separate delays, there were still hundreds upon hundreds of fans waiting outside unable to get in. Tickets for the crunch showdown were hard to come by, and some Reds supporters were still at the mercy of those manning the gates as the match approached half-time.  "Basically, we've been stuck here for a couple of hours trying to get into the stadium," one Liverpool fan explained. "We were delayed probably 500 metres from the stadium, we were blocked passage because there were loads of vehicles and now we're being tear gassed. "There's no reason why we're being tear gassed and no reason for the delay." Meanwhile, Joel Matip's family were among those to be caught up in the chaos before kick-off and reportedly had to flee from the stadium to take refuge in a local restaurant.