Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti has hit back at Mohamed Salah's admission that Liverpool are hungry for revenge in the 2022 Champions League final. Salah and the Reds fell to a devastating defeat to Real in Kyiv four years ago but have since earned their sixth crown and are favourites ahead of the showdown in Paris. Salah was forced off injured early in the 3-1 loss as a Lorius Karius horror show cost Liverpool European glory. Earlier this month, the 29-year-old expressed his excitement about the prospect of tasting vengeance against Ancelotti's perseverant side. He said: "I'm so excited. I said before the game that I wanted to play Madrid in the final. We lost in the [2018] final, it was a sad day for all of us, and I think it is revenge time. I'm sure it is going to be a tough game. They beat a lot of good teams, so we just need to focus on the game." But Ancelotti has countered Salah's comments by suggesting Real are out to get some revenge of their own after another final between the two 41 years ago. "It could be motivation, but Madrid also lost a final against Liverpool in Paris [1981]. It could be revenge for us too," the former Everton boss remarked. Ahead of Real's semi-final second leg against Manchester City, Salah admitted he would rather face the La Liga champions than the Premier League's. And one of Ancelotti's players, Federico Valverde, accused the Egyptian winger of 'underestimating' the club's badge and players. He explained: "Yes. Obviously, they are words that everyone can take as they want. I'm a rival, and it's like underestimating the Real Madrid shield, the players... All we have to do is give our best, try to show why we're in the final and hopefully, we can give another trophy to the fans and to Real Madrid." The mind games are well and truly underway ahead of Saturday's highly-anticipated Champions League final at the Stade de France. Liverpool are vying for a seventh European Cup in their 10th final, which would extend their dominance as England's most successful club in the competition. Real are the record 13-time holders, and, although they arguably aren't the force they were for several of those successes, they have proven their elite calibre while knocking out Paris Saint-Germain, Chelsea and Man City en route. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.