   Atlanta-born Rapper Lil Keed has died at just 24-years-old, leaving behind a young daughter. His brother confirmed the sad news in an emotional tribute on social media.     The rising star, whose real name is Raqhid Render, leaves behind a grieving family. On social media his brother wrote: "Can’t believe I seened u die today bro I did all my cries I know what u want me to do and that’s go hard for Mama Daddy Our Brothers Naychur and Whiteboy." (sic) The star has collaborated with musicians like Young Thug, Chris Brown and Kylie Jenner's boyfriend Travis Scott. A cause of death has not yet been confirmed. READ MORE: 'The baldy biker!' Dave Myers appears for first time since chemo       Raghid was signed to Young Thug's record label, YSL (Young Stoner Life), as well as 300 Entertainment. The star’s song, Nameless, reached number 42 on the Billboard Hip Hop/R&B Songs Airplay chart. He worked with Travis and Chris on his last album, Trapped on Cleveland 3, which came out in 2020. Before he broke into the music industry, Raghid briefly worked at Subway and McDonald's during his teenage years.       The rapper was also the youngest of seven children and leaves behind a young daughter named Naychur. Fans and friends took to social media to pay tribute to the artist following his tragic death. Musician, Lil Gnar, wrote: “rip lil keed … wtf can’t believe I’m seeing dis rn. i'm sick to my stomach. my brudda was a good hearted.” (sic) “R.I.P Lil Keed,” Rapper Doe Boy penned with a tearful emoji. “Pray For YSL.” READ MORE... Coleen Rooney claims Rebekah Vardy texts 'knocked her sick' [INSIGHT] Richard Gere, 72, not concerned about being an older dad with wife, 39 [NEWS] Nick Knowles addresses DIY SOS axe after BBC row over Shreddies advert [NEWS]     American rapper, Father tweeted: “what in the f***, Rip Lil Keed.” (sic) While DJ Scheme appeared shocked, penning: “I’m sick bruh no way… RIP lil Keed.” (sic) In another tweet moments later he wrote: “I’m sick we were just kickin it at our show in ohio.” (sic) Another musician named Will Foster paid tribute to the artist, writing: “I remember when I first heard the ‘Wop’ snippet from Keed.     “And I swore it was the craziest thing I’ve ever heard in my life up to that point lol. “He really was on that beat floating so crazy, you knew he was special after hearing this. RIP Lil Keed.” (sic) Another fan, Jemo Cyje, added: “This sh** hard RiP lilkeed. Lil Keed has reportedly passed away at age 24. “Sending prayers and condolences to everyone involved.” (sic)   