The sketch shows him forgetting the name of the child next door – and how to remember it – before using small talk to make others feel comfortable. Russell also showcases the best – and worst – ways to approach inviting neighbours over. It comes after a study of 2,000 adults, commissioned by online neighbourhood network Nextdoor, found almost three-quarters have never invited a neighbour to an event they are hosting or attending. And four in five of those blamed this on an awkward encounter they had previously had. Among the most awkward interactions with neighbours include forgetting their name and subsequently being caught out trying to avoid them by sending their child to deliver post or a message instead. More than half (52 percent) admitted their relationship with their neighbour is limited to simply saying “hello’’ – but more than a third would like to get to know them more. Russell said: “There is solidarity in our love for tea and football, just as there is in our awkwardness sometimes, when it comes to getting together with our neighbours. “So, whether it’s rooting around to find a neighbour’s name in an old Christmas card, or resorting to small talk about the weather, don’t worry. We’re in this together. “Get on out there and invite a neighbour to celebrate the Jubilee.’’ The study also found nearly one in three adults (31 percent) plan to have a street party in their local area to mark the Jubilee. Other ways neighbours will come together include having afternoon tea (32 percent), and going to a town centre or local council event (28 percent). Meanwhile, family and friends will join in with barbeques (44 percent), picnics (28 percent), and tea and cake in the garden (36 percent). It also emerged over half (53 percent) of those polled, via OnePoll, feel there is already a good sense of community on their street or within their apartment block. And 35 percent are also part of a neighbourhood group online or via an app. Roisin O’Neill, from Nextdoor UK, said: “We know that introducing ourselves to neighbours, or even seeing people you’ve lived next to for years, can feel a bit awkward sometimes. “Getting to know the people in your local area online first can really help, and we’re all about getting those online relationships translating into real-life friendships. “The upcoming Queen’s Platinum Jubilee is the perfect excuse to throw a street party, or just to get together with neighbours and your community to celebrate the long weekend. “With Nextdoor, you can find out what Jubilee celebrations are happening in your local area and help to organise your own with neighbours, too.’’