Ex-Belgian Prime Minister and Chair of the EU's Brexit Steering Group Guy Verhofstadt took to social media to share the European Union's latest plans to create a joint military force across the 27 member states. Similar plans had been touted before but Remainers were quick to dismiss the proposals as part of a pro-Brexit plot. During a head-to-head debate between ex-UKIP leader Nigel Farage and Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg in 2014, the Liberal Democrat MP claimed an EU army was a "dangerous fantasy that is simply not true". Remainer-in-Chief and former Labour spin doctor Alastair Campbell even described the prospect as a "myth" just days before the 2016 Brexit referendum. However, Mr Verhofstadt revealed an EU army had become more likely following the Conference on the Future of Europe. Conference attendees approved a "radical overhaul of the EU" which would see the bloc end unanimity, abolish the veto and even launch a "Joint Armed Forces of the Union". JUST IN: 'Brexit weakens UK!' GB News guest warns leaving EU has increased chance of united Ireland During a clip attached to Mr Verhofstadt's Twitter post, the Europhile MEP could be seen with other members of the European Parliament applauding the proposed changes. But Brexiteers have responded to the "harrowing" reforms put forward. Tory MP and ex-UKIP treasurer Craig Mackinlay said: "Good luck with that. "Sounds like the bitter end of national democracies, the sending of troops to war under #EU direction & with no further vetoes nothing any of the remaining member states can do about it or much else besides. READ MORE: 'I know what's going on here!' Starmer erupts as he's confronted on major Rayner cover up "Thank heavens for #Brexit. We won’t be the last." Nile Gardiner, who worked as an aide to Margaret Thatcher from 2000 to 2002, added: "The EU's crazy drive to be a supranational superstate with its own military and the suppression of national sovereignty. "Thank God for Brexit, British self-determination and real freedom outside the European Union." Ex-Brexit Party MEP and GB News host Alex Phillips even described the prospect as "terrifying". DON'T MISS: UK mocks Russia for 'embarrassing losses' but Black Sea warning issued [REVEAL] 20 Russian warships and submarines amassing in the Black Sea [REPORT] 'Anti-Brexit' Joe Biden 'eating his words' as Boris 'puts US to shame' [ANALYSIS] Colonel Richard Kemp, who was sent to Kabul in 2003 to take command of British Forces in Afghanistan, said: "We got out just in time. "All of these measures were vociferously denied as EU intentions by the Remainers but many of us who supported Brexit knew the truth. "As did the duplicitous architects of the Remain campaign’s Project Fear."