Coverage of the Eurovision Song Contest airs tonight on BBC One, which sees primarily European countries battling out to win the top spot. After posting music covers online during the first pandemic, Sam Ryder became popular on TikTok, and now has over 12 million followers. The singer will represent the UK tonight, with the song Space Man, but how much is he worth? The 32-year-old is thought to be worth around £2million (£1.6million), according to Gossip Gist. His main source of wealth has been generated from social media, but as he is signed to a record label, he may have multiple streams of income. After entering the music field back in 2009, Sam worked as a session player for multiple groups. It wasn’t until the beginning of the pandemic that his work blew up on social media, gaining prominence through TikTok. READ MORE: Eurovision 2022: How much does the UK pay to enter? He started posting his music covers, which have been liked millions of times. Sam entertained his fans with covers of Adele, Michael Jackson and Blondie songs. The Creator Fund on TikTok pays users based on video views and engagement. Some of the singer’s videos have been viewed more than 55 million times, while he has more than 100 million likes altogether. DON'T MISS:Dennis Waterman net worth: Actor made millions during his career [INSIGHT]Gordon Ramsay sells luxury Cornwall mansion 'for a record' £7.5million [EXPLAINER]Cleaning tips: How to clean a mattress and kill off dust mites [EXPERT] By the end of 2020, he became the most followed artist on the platform, which saw him land a record contract and management agency. Parlophone, the record label Sam is signed to, is part of Warner Music Group, which also represents Coldplay and David Guetta. He then released his debut EP, The Sun’s Gonna Rise, which has received over 100 million global streams. It was followed up with a sold-out tour. The singer has also won famous fans including Justin Bieber, Elton John, Sia and Alicia Keys. His YouTube channel has more than 700,000 subscribers, with videos reaching millions of views. According to bookmakers, the UK’s 2022 entry, Space Man, sung by Sam, is second favourite to win the contest, just behind Ukraine. Kalush Orchestra are set to represent Ukraine in tonight’s Eurovision, a rap group formed in 2019. The group have more than 300,000 followers on Instagram as well nearly 400,000 followers on TikTok. The band, which consists of founder and rapper Oleh Psiuk, multi-instrumentalist Ihor Didenchuk, and dancer Vlad Kurochka, will perform Stefania. In an interview with Eurovision, they said: “We’re showing off our roots, and we’re showing how to take something from the past and make it work for the present. “That’s why we’ve found success at home, and we hope that we can find that sort of reception internationally as well. “We take something old, and we make it sound modern.” The Eurovision Song Contest airs tonight at 8pm on BBC One.