Selling Sunset returned to Netflix for a fifth season and it saw Mary Fitzgerald and her husband Romain Bonnet discuss the prospect of starting a family. Mary has since revealed she has started the embryo-freezing process and is excited for what the future holds. But she did say viewers may have the wrong idea about her thoughts on having another child. The fifth season of Selling Sunset was one of the most dramatic yet as it featured weddings, feuds, and newcomers changing the office dynamic. Mary was offered a promotion which saw her overseeing her colleagues at The Oppenheim Group office. Her feud with co-star Christine Quinn also came to a head in the latest season and Christine has since left the brokerage. Away from the season five drama, Mary is taking the next steps in her relationship with her French husband Romain. She revealed it was Romain who was more set on having a child, not the other way around. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Lydia Dingle pregnant as she's expecting Sam's baby Speaking on the Homecoming Queens podcast at Forever Dog Productions, she said: "People really think I'm the one who wants to have babies because of my age and Romain doesn't because he's too young. "In fact, it's the opposite. I mean we are going through the whole IVF embryo freezing process right now but I'm not the one... "I could not have another kid and I would be perfectly fine." Mary already has a son, who has just turned 25, and she gave birth when she was 16 years old. She opened up about what life was like as a single mum. The star said: "It was not easy, I think just on my own I have no desire to ever do it again because I gave up so much along the way. "I will never change it, I love my son more than anything in the world, but it was so difficult." She went on to say how Romain would make the most amazing dad if the pair were to have a baby together. Mary is now in her early 40s and she has been sharing her fertility journey on Instagram. In one of her latest posts, she said: "I finally had my egg retrieval so I wanted to share how the rest of the process has gone leading up to today. DON'T MISS...'I've been silenced' Christine Quinn on Selling Sunset exit [INTERVIEW] Where is Selling Sunset's Christine Quinn now? [INSIGHT] Why did Davina Potratz leave Selling Sunset's Oppenheim Group? [EXPLAINER] "I can’t thank you all enough for the love and support you have given me during this whole experience." Fans flocked to the comments to wish her luck and they are equally as excited to see what happens next for the couple. At the start of her embryo freezing journey, she said: "This is going to be a process but I couldn’t be more excited and hope I can help others who are going through the same thing or considering it." The star received plenty of praise from her fans who have been through the same journey. Back in May, the real estate agent spent Mothers Day with her son Austin. He had been attending his Airforce boot camp graduation and she said: "Such a proud mama! "Forever grateful to Sgt Butler for making this moment happen." If Selling Sunset returns for season six, it could feature Mary's fertility journey. Speaking to Distractify, she mentioned how her co-star Heather Rae El Moussa had given her advice on what to expect in the process. She said she was advised on whether she should do it whilst filming or not "because, you know, I think viewers would like to follow along with that process".  Selling Sunset seasons 1-5 are on Netflix now