  Piers Morgan bragged about the ratings success of his TalkTV show, Piers Morgan Uncensored, on Twitter today. The presenter claimed to be “beating” Sky News in terms of ratings and thanked his viewers for their support.      Piers, 57, gleefully shared the news with his 7.9 million Twitter followers today. “BREAKING: ⁦@PiersUncensored⁩ beat ⁦@SkyNews⁩ in the UK ratings last night for the 14th time in our 21 shows so far,” he wrote. “Given that Sky’s been going 33 years & we’ve been going 36 days, that’s not too shabby. “Thanks for watching!” He added with a thumbs up emoji. READ MORE: Paul O'Grady's heartbreak as he's forced to give pet dog away     Piers’ ratings boast comes after reports of plummeting numbers in previous weeks, but it looks like things might be taking a turn. The journalist’s followers took to the comments section to share their thoughts on his new show. “Ah yes a single show beat the 1hr slot of a 24hr news channel, nice,” wrote Marzipas. While F.S.E defended him, penning: “Amazing! People have got to understand the most obvious and blatant thing here.      “Whether you love him or hate him, people will and do still watch him. That’s all he cares about also. “Perhaps controversial character but actually speaks a lot of harsh truths… That many shy away from.” (sic) “Congratulations on beating a rolling news channel,” Merfyn commented sarcastically. While Atmo1UK wrote: “You've had some good guests and good discussions. Keep up the good standard.” READ MORE... Cleese logs formal complaint against BBC for 'deceptive' interview [UPDATE] Dan Walker's father-in-law unimpressed at Champions League final [LATEST] ‘Don’t get that in the US!’ Tom Hanks praises BBC on The One Show [UPDATE]      Piers’ tweet comes as journalist Scott Bryan, who often speaks about Uncensored’s ratings, took to Twitter to share his own perspective on the numbers. He wrote: “Piers Morgan Uncensored, in case you were wondering, averaged 43,000 viewers on Monday night. “But ended up with just 4000 viewers in the last 15 minutes of that episode.” Earlier this month, Metro reported that Piers Morgan: Uncensored is struggling to keep up viewership.      The episode from May 18 saw an average of 24,000 viewers, and ended with just 10,000, according to official BARB (Broadcasters Audience Research Board) data. Despite managing to draw in nearly 400,000 viewers on his debut show, views appear to have dwindled, but seem to be approving again now. Tonight Piers will be interviewing John Lydon (Sex Pistols star Johnny Rotten) ahead of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee this weekend. Piers Morgan: Uncensored airs weekdays from 8pm on TalkTV.   