The agents of Pau Torres will travel to Manchester this week to negotiate a contract with United - providing an agreement can be struck with Villarreal over a fee, reports in Spain claim. The 25-year-old has been made available this summer due to the La Liga club's financial struggles, despite reaching the Champions League final. Unai Emery saw his side's league form suffer as a result of their excellent European run, although qualification for the UEFA Conference League was secured on the final day of the season. Villarreal's biggest stars though - including Torres and Arnaut Danjuma - would ideally like to play in the Champions League and may now angle for a move. According to Villarreal's local newspaper Deportes de Periodico Mediterraneo, Torres is one of the players up for grabs and is valued at just £45million. United are among those keen and it's also claimed that the defender's agents Tarraga and Fores would be willing to travel to Manchester as early as this week to negotiate a contract. READ MORE: Edinson Cavani gives fan middle finger in altercation after forgetful Man Utd farewell Torres has a release clause valued at £50m but Villarreal are willing to sell for slightly lower than that figure in order to raise funds. Real Madrid are also interested but it's believed United are more likely to make their move for the Spain international. New manager Erik ten Hag likes his defenders to play out from the back and Torres is more than comfortable on the ball. He was excellent in last season's Europa League final against United in Warsaw, as Villarreal prevailed in an exhausting penalty shootout. DON'T MISSEdinson Cavani gives fan middle finger in altercation after forgetful Man Utd farewellLiverpool fans 'scammed' as Anfield celebrated third Aston Villa goal during Wolves winEverton star Richarlison trolls Liverpool after final-day Premier League title agony Ten Hag, who addressed the media for the first time on Monday, was full of praise for current captain Maguire - although he will still have to prove his worth under the new manager. "I have to repeat that next season is a different season but I think he did a great job," said the Dutchman. "He's a great player, he's achieved already a lot really also [with his] contribution to Manchester United. So I'm looking forward to working with him." Torres would provide healthy competition for the England international and £40m signing Raphael Varane, who has a difficult first season on English shores. Ajax defender Jurrien Timber is also believed to be of interest with United in talks over a deal for Ten Hag's former player. The player's agent has teased that a move to United could be closed as he posted a picture of an airport on Instagram, captioned: "Deal closing time." United are expected to get to work in the transfer window in the coming months and will back Ten Hag with a significant budget. With up to five players set to depart, there are a number of gaps in United's squad that need filling without even considering the need for extra quality.