The black ant is the most common species found in the UK, working its way into homes and gardens across the country. While there are many chemical products designed to banish these creepy crawlies where they’re not wanted, non-toxic methods are generally much safer to use around your property. Here are the most effective ways to kill ants without using harsh substances. Spotting one or two ants in your home may seem harmless, but it often means that you’re dealing with a much bigger problem. Getting rid of an infestation is almost impossible without killing off these small insects, and there are plenty of ways to do it without causing harm to nearby plants or breathing in toxic substances. Stopping ants in their tracks is the easiest way to stop them from multiplying, but which ingredients are the most effective? READ MORE: Cleaning fans share ‘game-changing’ hack to remove marker stains Ants leave a scented pheromone trail behind when they walk which acts as a map. Removing the scent is the quickest way to deter the ants from re-entering your home, but how can you be sure they’re gone for good? Cleaning spray can be mixed in with liquid detergent or dish soap to make a frothy solution. Use enough of this liquid to fill a spray bottle and spritz areas where the ants congregate in your home, or around your plants. After spraying indoors, wipe the area to leave a light residue. Repeat this process as often as required until the ants disappear. Citrus fruits like lemon make a great natural ant repellent. This yellow fruit is toxic to certain types of fungi that ants feed on, and is the easiest way to trap household ants lurking in corners of your home. Place cut lemons around your home and replace them every few days. The flesh will gather ants and eventually kill them, so you will need to dispose of these regularly. You can also use citrus-scented cleaners around your home, though you should avoid synthetic fragrances, as this will be ineffective. DON'T MISS:Oven cleaning: How to clean oven door glass under 5 minutes - ‘cheap’ [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘quick’ cleaning tip to get ‘streak-free’ windows [REVEAL]'Fresher laundry': Add three cheap kitchen items to the wash [ANALYSIS] The strong scent of peppermint can deter black ants from nesting in your home. Pop a few drops in an oil incense burner and place them near the source of your ant infestation. You can also dilute some oil in water and spray on the scurrying ants if you are unsure where they are coming from. This can also be sprayed around precious garden crops to protect them from hungry pests. Tea tree oil can be used in the same way as peppermint to kill active ants or prevent future infestations. Talcum powder can be used to stop ants from moving around your home by breaking the pheromone trail. The strong white powder is absorbed through their skin and clogs up the airways, eventually killing the ants off for good. This product is completely safe for babies and children too, so there’s no need to worry if you have younger members of the family around.