World No. 2 Daniil Medvedev will make his return to the ATP Tour this week, when he takes to the court at the Geneva Open. Medvedev has been absent from competition since March due to a hernia procedure. The Russian star’s last outing came at the end of March at the Miami Open, when he agonisingly missed out on the title after losing 7-6, 6-3 to Hubart Hurkacz in the event finale. Just days after his Miami disappointment, the 26-year-old confirmed he would be taking a layoff for the ‘small procedure’. He told his fans on Twitter: “Hi everyone. The last months I have been playing with a small hernia. Together with my team I have decided to have a small procedure done to fix the problem. I will likely be out for the next 1 - 2 months and will work hard to be back on court soon. Thanks for all the support.” Six weeks on, Medvedev will return to Geneva, when he enters into the round of 16 stage. The Russian will take on either Richard Gasquet of France or Australia’s John Millman, who will face off in the round of 32 on Wednesday at the Swiss Centre Court. JUST IN: Andy Murray withdraws from French Open as Wimbledon proirity despite ranking points threat The return is important for the 26-year-old as it comes just a week before the French Open kicks off at Roland Garros. It gives the Russian some much needed on-court preparation ahead of the second Grand Slam event of the campaign. Despite his time away from the court, Medvedev’s name has still had plenty of air time, with the world No. 2 at the centre of the Wimbledon controversy. The All England Club made the decision to ban all Russian and Belarusian players from competing in the London-based Grand Slam due to Vladimir Putin’s recent invasion of Ukraine. DON'T MISSDjokovic fails to match Nadal in 1000th win standing but beats FedererDjokovic admits Federer and Nadal motivated landmark 1000th winDjokovic beats Ruud for landmark 1000th win and Rome final spot  The decision affects Medvedev directly, with the Russian star arguably the biggest name set to miss out due to the ban. Wimbledon’s decision has received a mixed reception within the tennis world, with many of the sport’s biggest names defending Medvedev and his fellow Russian and Belarusian nationals. One man who has particularly spoken out is 21-time Grand Slam champion Rafael Nadal, who described the banning as ‘very unfair’. Nadal said: “I think it’s very unfair [on] my Russian tennis mates, my colleagues. It’s not their fault what’s happening in this moment with the war.”