Divock Origi remains close to signing for AC Milan on a free transfer from Liverpool this summer but the deal has temporarily been placed on hold, Express Sport understands. The Belgian's representatives have held extensive talks with the Serie A giants over the move since the turn of the year, when Origi entered the final six months of his Anfield contract. Now he is set to leave Merseyside - where he has already secured legendary status - at the end of the campaign as Jurgen Klopp's Reds continue to hunt down a historic quadruple. Origi has already given his seal of approval for the move and he wants to be playing his football for the Rossoneri next season. However, the move will not be formally completed just yet with AC Milan prioritising their potential change of ownership which could see the club bought for up to £880million. Bahrain-based asset manager Investcorp are locked in talks with current owners Elliott Management as they look to acquire the keys to the San Siro. But the transaction - given the club's value - is hardly straightforward. The two parties remain in negotiations as they continue to discuss the structure of any deal. For the meantime, Milan have decided to place transfer business on hold - although they are still planning to push ahead with three signings including Origi. Sven Botman is the club's top defensive target and Milan remain confident they will beat Newcastle to the signing of the Lille centre-back. An agreement over a long-term contract is already believed to be in place with the Dutchman. His agent was recently in Milan to visit AC chiefs, who were keen to finalise an agreement with the 22-year-old. Renato Sanches is also high on Milan's shortlist with Lille also expected to lose the Portuguese international at the end of the campaign. Several other Premier League and Serie A clubs have also considered a move for Origi but his heart is already set on Milan. He has already verbally agreed a long-term contract at the San Siro, where he could yet replace Zlatan Ibrahimovic. Origi could yet still have a big part to play for Liverpool this season before he bids farewell to Anfield after nearly eight years with the Reds. That's because Klopp's men are just eight games away from immortality as they continue to target a clean sweep. Milan, meanwhile, are now just three wins away from securing the Serie A title following their 1-0 win over Fiorentina on Sunday.