Former Manchester United defender Rio Ferdinand has revealed his pre-Champions League final playlist that left his fellow pundits in stitches. Ferdinand was on the BT Sport broadcast with Jake Humphreys, Steven Gerrard and Michael Owen when he was asked what the Manchester United playlist would be on their way to the stadium ahead of their Champions League finals. Ferdinand replied: “There would have been a mixture. Bit of Usher, bit of hip hop, bit of rock, Tracey Chapman, Fast Cars.” Humphreys joked: “We’re rolling back the clock here boys!” His response left the former Liverpool players Gerrard and Owen laughing, as they previewed the Champions League final between the Reds and Real Madrid. Ferdinand won the Champions League with Manchester United in 2008, defeating Chelsea on penalties following a 1-1 draw in Moscow. Gerrard, who won the famous 2005 Champions League with Liverpool, coming from three goals down to defeat AC Milan, received a warm welcome on his return to punditry with BT Sport. Though he did joke he had an ulterior motive for accepting the gig. He said: “It’s great to be back. You never turn a free ticket down and have the opportunity to be with these lads again but yeah, looking forward to it. That [the free ticket] was the clincher. It is a mammoth tie, Liverpool versus Madrid two gigantic teams and the nerves are already kicking in now. Let’s hope it is a glorious night for Liverpool.” Gerrard scored in the 2005 final against AC Milan, but his side’s famous comeback may not have stood under current regulations surrounding goalkeepers in a penalty shootout due to Jerzy Dudek's antics. Jurgen Klopp’s team will hope to enjoy another famous night, as the Reds bid to win their seventh European Cup. Real Madrid are one of the few teams that have lifted the trophy on more occasions, as Carlo Ancelotti’s club are aiming to lift their 14th European title. The Italian manager has opted against any surprise inclusions to his starting lineup for the final as David Alaba returns to the defence and Federico Valverde starts on the right ahead of Brazilian winger Rodrygo, despite his heroics in the semi-final comeback over Manchester City. Liverpool are hoping to avenge their 2018 Champions League final defeat to Real Madrid where they lost 3-1 in Kyiv. After the final, Gerrard pointed out three areas for improvement for the Reds under Klopp, but those problems appear to have been resolved as Gerrard’s former side are aiming to win their third cup this season. Klopp has already lifted the FA Cup and Carabao Cup after penalty shootout wins over Chelsea in both competitions. Caoimhin Kelleher was the hero in February as he scored the winning spot-kick to lift the League Cup, while Kostas Tsimikas scored the winning penalty in the FA Cup final.