The 2022 local elections will see Britons decide the composition of local legislatures across England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland on May 5. They have 15 hours to cast their ballots in person, as polls open from 7am and close at 10pm. But recently passed legislation may leave some unsure as to what they need to bring. Boris Johnson's Government revealed that it would seek to introduce voter ID for British voters in the Queen's speech last year. The legislation is designed to crack down on electoral fraud - a rarity in the UK - by forcing people to display a valid ID before they cast their ballot. Parliament passed the Elections Act 2022, enshrining the Government's commitment in law in late April. READ MORE: 'Do the right thing' Kenyans petition Prince William over evictions While passed before the local elections this year, the legislation does not apply yet. The House of Commons has announced that provisions within the bill "will not take effect immediately and will not be in place for English local elections in May 2022". The House of Commons expects the legislation will take effect before the next local elections in May 2023 and any following Parliamentary ballots. The Government has outlined that it will accept passports, photographic driving licences, biometric immigration documents, and some types of concessionary travel passes from prospective voters. Before enacting the bill, the Government must pass "detailed secondary legislation". Incoming bills will rule whether people can receive a free voter card. Experts believe that millions of Britons could end up locked out of the democratic process without them. Jonny Hurst, a former law firm partner and senior lecturer at BPP University Law School, said demands for the new form of identification would "make the process of voting more challenging". He told Express.co.uk: “Many people do not have a valid form of photographic identification, and 9 percent are said to only have a photographic ID that is no longer in date or is no longer recognised. “Whilst a similar law has been in force for some time in several jurisdictions around the world, the changes could significantly reduce voter turnout in certain minority groups and young adults. “The proportion of non-voting young people voting is already at a worryingly low rate, with under half (47 percent) of 18-24-year-olds voting in the UK general election back in 2019. “Whilst there will be ways people can still vote without photographic ID, such as; applying for a voter card through local councils, not allowing other forms of photographic ID, such as bus passes, railcards, and library cards among this age group, could see this number drop even further in future elections.” With voter ID laws yet to activate officially, people won't have to bring much to the polling station. In-person voters can bring the polling card that directs them to their local stations. But they aren't mandatory, and people can still vote if they have lost the card.