Jane McDonald rose to fame in 1998 when she appeared on BBC One show The Cruise. Since then, the singer has become a household name and has gone on to present her own TV shows. She has also released several hits and in 2009, Jane released her first album under her own record label. The 59-year-old also makes regular appearances on the ITV daytime show, Loose Women. When she's not singing, the presenter is travelling around the world to host her Channel 5 show Holidaying with Jane McDonald. Jane has always been open and honest about her relationships in the past, and she is often seen reminiscing about her love life on her travel programmes. However, in a new interview, the singer spoke about her family life and detailed why she lived at home with her mum until she was 45. READ MORE: Piers Morgan rages ‘fame hungry’ Meghan will ‘hijack headlines “I wasn’t an only child," Jane recalled. "I still have a brother and sister, but I was the one who stayed at home until she was 45.” Jane went on to explain that because she was always working away so much with work, it made sense to stay with her family. She continued: “I was out working all the time and I was able to pay for the bills and I had my mother at home looking after me. "My brother and sister got married and they have been in great relationships all of their lives." Lifting the lid on her own relationships at that time, Jane said during an interview on BBC Radio 4: "For me, it just didn’t happen that way. "I’m just slightly different to the two of them, which is not a bad thing.” Earlier this month, Jane spoke about her relationship history as her Channel 5 series came to an end. The singer ended her road trip in Miami, Florida where she took a tour of the city and saw the sights of the Clevelander Hotel and Gianni Versace's old house. DON'T MISS...The Last Kingdom's Eliza Butterworth on co-star Alexander Dreymon [CAST]Bradley Walsh issues warning to The Chase player during tense round [VIDEO]Vera's Mark Edwards star speaks out on show return [INSIGHT] She even got to live the life of luxury by sipping champagne on a speedboat. "Is Miami the place to be seen, Mike?" Jane asked as they set off. The skipper replied: "It's definitely the place to see and be seen. Lots of sexy, beautiful people running around in Miami." The singer continued: "I've seen there's a lot of flesh out in Miami, isn't there?" "We are just getting started," Mike the skipper told Jane as she explained Miami was the place for the rich. "We are heading south to Star Island," he continued as Jane asked: "So, that's an island where stars are." He added: "We keep the names very easy. Star Island, is named after a bunch of stars. We keep it simple, it's easier to remember." "I like things simple, like my men," the cruise singer laughed poking fun at her choice of partners.