Benfica superstar Darwin Nunez has sparked excitement among Liverpool fans by liking a social media picture praising Jurgen Klopp's relationship with his players. The Uruguayan is set to be one of the hottest prospects on the summer transfer market once the window swings open in a few weeks' time, and the Reds could throw their hat into the ring with Benfica weighing up whether to cash in. Liverpool have first-hand experience of Nunez's talent as he scored home and away in their recent Champions League quarter-final. His exploits have not been limited to Europe either, having struck 26 league goals in Portugal this campaign. After the two-legged European clash, Klopp was not shy in praising the 22-year-old. "An extremely good looking boy eh?" said the German. "He is a really good boy - he played in front of me battling against [Ibrahima] Konate. He was calm for the finish. He is good, really good. If he stays healthy, he has a big career ahead of him." Reds fans have cottoned on to recent social media activity by Nunez, after he liked a picture of the Liverpool boss embracing Thiago Alcantara with the caption: "Klopp hugging his players [heart emoji]." Although it's not much, some have interpreted it as a subtle 'come and get me' plea. JUST IN: Jamie Carragher tears into 'idiot' Luke Ayling and insists he will never play Prem again With a quoted price of £67million, the Reds hierarchy would certainly have to give the move plenty of thought. Even so, a particularly optimistic fan, BaronThundergoose, responded to the photo on Reddit by saying: "In the bag." While some others pointed out that Klopp already has a selection headache with five top-class forwards to choose from, Jaja6996 responded: "[Divock] Origi is leaving and I’d probably expect Takumi Minamino also and it’s possible one of [Mohamed] Salah, [Sadio] Mane or Bobby [Firmino] doesn’t extend so it’s not like we don’t have reasons to be looking at a forward."  Nunez is clearly an admirer of the relationships Klopp maintains with his players, and the German is often lauded for the devastating unit he has created on Merseyside. As recently as Saturday evening, Tottenham boss Antonio Conte praised his Liverpool counterpart by claiming that he had created a 'monster'. The Italian was in a positive enough mood to commend his rival after earning a precious point at Anfield which boosted their prospects of clinching fourth spot. Klopp, meanwhile, hit out at Spurs' negative game plan after the 1-1 draw made a huge dent in his side's prospects of winning the Premier League title and an historic Quadruple this season. "I would love to sit here and say yes, City will drop points," he said. "The only problem is I cannot see it. This is the problem. I wish I would think differently about it, just I can't see it. "But we will see what happens. My problem at the moment is not whether City smash Newcastle, but that we play on Tuesday against Aston Villa and we have not yet won that game."