Meteorologist Carol Kirkwood predicted the UK would face a sudden chill as temperatures plummet across the week. The BBC Weather presenter warned of considerable showers across the country, with some areas being told to expect frost. She explained temperatures as low as one to two degrees could be expected in the regions worst affected by the dramatic change in weather conditions.    A thick cloud will cover most areas of the UK as the sunny bank holiday skies fade away for the week ahead. For the immediate weather, Ms Kirkwood warned: “If you’re travelling early this morning it is worth bearing in mind there is some fog around, particularly South West England. “There are misty conditions across central Southern England, Northern Ireland, and also Northern England.” Reporting for BBC Weather, she explained: “All of that will lift, leaving us with a rather cloudy day today with some scattered showers. “We’ve got a weak weather front moving across Scotland, Northern Ireland, and Northern England producing some showery outbreaks of rain."    Ms Kirkword detailed: “Over the South, there’s quite a lot of cloud, again drizzly bits and pieces leftover from yesterday. “When the fog lifts in through the midlands, we will see a bit more cloud develop." The meteorologist said that “temperatures ranging from 8°C in the North to 17°C in the South," will be in charge. As the weather progresses, Ms Kirkwood noted: “We’ve got a cool northerly wind developing across the far north of Scotland and the far North East. Read more: Met Office forecast 'heavy' rain as Brits brace for weekend washout   "As we head on through the evening and overnight, that weather front I was telling you about continues to journey steadily southwards, taking its showery rain with it across England and Wales.” The south of the UK can expect temperatures to fall as the weather front moves downwards, bringing rain and mist across the majority of the nation. Ms Kirkwood continued: “Where the cloud remains broken across the far northeast of Scotland, temperatures will fall away to about one or two degrees so for you we could be looking at some frost at times.” The meteorologist warned of freezing temperatures across parts of the country, especially Scotland where temperatures will plummet overnight. Don't miss: How to upcycle garden furniture: Six top tips to refresh your garden [INSIGHT]‘Stunning’ Beautiful Northumberland seaside town is best in UK [PHOTOS]UK weather: Britons face Bank Holiday freeze as chilly blast hits [REPORT] As the week progresses, Ms Kirkwood explained the nation will experience “the dregs of the weather front sinking south, taking its showers with it.” She continued: “Again tomorrow is going to be a fairly cloudy day, but it should brighten up later. “We’re looking at light breezes, but still cool along the North Sea coastline." The meteorologist described Northern areas would be worst affected by the approaching weather, however, she also acknowledged Eastern coastal regions would be hit by winds in addition to the showers moving in.   