The poll by Techne UK for Express.co.uk found 46 percent of 18-34-year-olds said the Royal Family will not survive when the Queen's historic reign, which is in its twilight years, comes to an end. Some 51 percent said it would and three percent did not know. For 35-44-year-olds, 36 percent cast doubt over the future of the monarchy after Her Majesty. Across all age groups, the figure is lower at just under one in three people - 30 percent - saying the Firm would not survive. Some 65 percent said the Royal Family would continue and five percent did not know. Faith in the institution is highest among the older generations, with only 12 percent of over 64s fearing its future beyond the Queen's rule. Tory MP Sir John Hayes warned of the consequences of abolishing the monarchy. Sir John told Express.co.uk: "The constitutional monarchy is a critical part of our constitutional settlement. "It's what provides stability in times of trouble and certainty in times of danger. "We are in troubling and dangerous times, we've never needed the monarchy more. "I think our job now is to inspire young people to know all the good the monarchy brings personified by Her Majesty the Queen, but not solely her, and all of the awful risks that its absence would inevitably mean." READ MORE: Royal fans react with delight at Jubilee preparations photo Royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams insisted the monarchy is "very much part of our DNA". He said: "The monarchy will obviously survive after the Queen’s reign ends as King Charles will undoubtedly ascend the throne. "However, the idea that William and Catherine would not one day be King and Queen Consort is truly bizarre.  "The institution has a habit of reinventing itself when needed. It changes with every reign. "It also goes back over 1,000 years continuously save for the period of Cromwell’s rule. It is very much part of our DNA." DON'T MISS'Get a life!' American audience in stitches as Sussexes mocked on TV [VIDEO]Sussexes snubbed from balcony over fears royals would 'resent' them [ANALYSIS] Meghan and Harry's publicity plans exposed as couple return to UK [INSIGHT] The country was given a glimpse of the future of the Royal Family earlier this month when heir to the throne Prince Charles and Prince William, who is second in line, stood in for the Queen at the State Opening of Parliament. The 96-year-old monarch has been suffering from mobility issues and now rarely carries out public engagements outside of her royal residences.  But the Queen delighted royal fans with a surprise appearance earlier this week as she stepped out in sunshine yellow in the capital to officially open the completed Elizabeth line, named in her honour. The nation's longest-reigning head of state is just two weeks away from her Platinum Jubilee celebratory weekend. Events taking place to celebrate the Queen's 70-year reign include Trooping the Colour, a service of thanksgiving, a concert and a pageant.  It has been a turbulent few years for the royals, with the death of Prince Philip, the scandal over Prince Andrew's friendship with convicted paedophile Jeffrey Epstein, and the departure of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. Earlier this year, the head of state gave her backing for Camilla to be Queen Consort when the Prince of Wales takes to the throne in an intervention shaping the future of the monarchy. Meanwhile, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge reportedly want to scrap titles for first names when on duty in a bid to modernise the Royal Family. Techne UK polled 1,624 British adults from May 18-19. 