The Platinum Jubilee is almost underway and the celebrations will kick off on Thursday, June 2. Royal fans have a plethora of activities to get involved with over the course of the bumper bank holiday weekend, but one of the most unique events will be the lighting of the Jubilee beacons. The flaming tributes are a traditional element of a Jubilee or major royal celebration. Bruno Peak, the pageantmaster of The Queen's Platinum Jubilee Beacons, said: "I am so excited that for the first time ever beacons will be lit across all 54 Commonwealth capitals to celebrate the Queen's 70-year service as head of the association. "Starting in the Pacific and then moving to the Americas, the beacons lit to celebrate Her Majesty will also serve as a testament to the unity and friendship that extends across all 54 nations. "The Queen has lit up the Commonwealth over 70 years through visits and other engagements, it is only fitting that we do likewise for her." READ MORE: 'Sad and reckless!' Australia moves to DITCH Queen as head of state Thousands of beacons will be lit across the UK and Commonwealth countries to celebrate 70 years of the Queen on the throne. According to the Platinum Jubilee website: “More than 1,500 beacons will be lit throughout the United Kingdom, Channel Islands, Isle of Man and UK Overseas Territories to celebrate Her Majesty The Queen’s 70th year as our Monarch and Head of the Commonwealth.” You can find a full list of beacons and Jubilee events happening near you here. The beacons will be lit at the beginning of the celebrations on Thursday, June 2. The principal beacon being lit by the Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors Anchor Chain will begin in the UK at 9.30pm. Those lighting other beacons across the UK, the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man will do so at 9.45pm. DON'T MISSJoanna Lumley opens up on future of Royal Family [REPORT]Trifle bowls and baking trays are the big Jubilee homeware winners [INSIGHT]How to download your FREE Express Platinum Jubilee goodies! [EXPLAINER] They will also be lit at iconic sites across the country, including the Tower of London, Windsor Great Park, Hillsborough Castle, the Queen’s estates of Sandringham and Balmoral, and on the summits of the UK’s four highest peaks. Beacons are not just confined to populous areas, with thousands of beacons also taking place in rural communities across England, Scotland, Northern Ireland and Wales. Beacons in Commonwealth countries and United Kingdom Overseas Territories will be lit at 9.15pm local time. The first beacons will be lit in Tonga and Samoa in the South Pacific, and the final one in the central American country of Belize. A beacon lighting is a traditional event that takes place every Jubilee and on some other royal events. Beacons were lit in 1977, 2002 and 2012 to celebrate Elizabeth II’s Silver, Golden and Diamond Jubilees. The Diamond Jubilee of the Queen's great-great-grandmother, Queen Victoria, was celebrated with the lighting of beacons in 1897. The official website stated: “There is a long tradition of celebrating royal jubilees, weddings and coronations with the lighting of beacons. “A beacon chain, once used as a tool for communication, has now become a symbol of unity across towns, borders, countries and continents and is often the central point of focus for any outdoor gathering or celebration.”