Neil Jones, 40, has had on and off relationships since the break up of his marriage from fellow Strictly Come Dancing star Katya Jones, 33. The professional dancer has taken to Instagram to answer a fan's question while denying all new relationship rumours as he issues an apology to his fans. Neil took to Instagram today to do a Q&A with his 240,000 Instagram followers as he answered questions, giving an insight into his life. One fan asked: "What is your girlfriend like?" Along with a black and white picture of a surfboard, Neil penned: "If you're talking about my new board she's incredible. "But if you are talking about what the papers keep writing then I'm sorry I'm still single." READ MORE: Will Smith asked Jada Pinket Smith to be present for kissing scenes Neil's comments come after rumours speculated he had a brief romance with Sienna Hollen. However, these rumours were put to rest by Neil's representatives who released the statement: "Contrary to recent inaccurate source based reports, Neil remains single. "He’s not been in a relationship, nor on a string of dates with anyone of late. "He is very much happily single and focused on the Strictly The Professionals Tour." The rumours began to circulate when earlier this year Neil liked a string of Sienna's Instagram posts, with the bombshell even returning the favour. Neil has also previously been linked to underwear model Sophie Lily Keer and dancer Luisa Eusse. He was married to fellow Strictly star Katya for 11 years however their relationship ended in 2019 after Katya was pictured kissing her celebrity partner, Seann Walsh, in 2018. However, the exes have remained close friends since announcing their split and often dance together on the show. DON'T MISS... Coleen Rooney is 'different mother and wife' after her famous tweet [INSIGHT] Sir Ian McKellen brands Jake Daniels a ‘hero’ after coming out [COMMENT] Emmerdale star Liam Fox shows off fairytale home with co-star wife [EMMERDALE] Neil told Express.co.uk last year: "We've been through so much together and have known each other for years, she's a good friend of mine "We will always be friends no matter what." Neil celebrated his 40th birthday earlier this month and Katya was quick to lead the celebration posts. The dancer posted a video of the pair dancing together in view of her 206,000 Instagram followers. She captioned the post: "Blimey, You are 40 today! Happy Birthday to my amazing friend, dance partner, and simply a super talented, funny and wonderful guy @mr_njonesofficial! "From the bottom of my heart I only wish the best for you, may you experience all the exciting things that life has to offer, may you carry on spreading your positivity everywhere you go, may Liverpool FC always win and May the 4th be with you! "We’ve been so blessed to share so many unforgettable moments together. From winning world championships to becoming Professionals on @bbcstrictly Come Dancing. "So to celebrate YOU, here’s our Jive- an honour dance from the Royal Albert Hall after our very first win in 2011! #birthday #maythe4thbewithyou #taurus #strictlycomedancing #strictly #scd #strictlycomedancinglivetour."