Minnie Driver, 52, has made a defiant statement as she spoke out on her sexual experiences as an actress in Hollywood. The Starstruck actress hit out at the notion of “w***edom” as she recounted having “a great time” in the past with fellow actors. Revisiting the moment she came across a billboard featuring a number of actors she had “sh*gged”, Minnie highlighted that it was “wonderful”. She said: “I was never in relationships that went on for years and years. “Like, I’ve had a few in my life that did that, which is why it was absolutely hilarious driving down and seeing that billboard and being like, ‘Oh, yeah, I sh*gged all of them…’ “And, by the way, I had a great time. It was wonderful. “That whole notion of… the w***edom notion - this idea of women having sex that is enjoyable and wonderful and fun and a great, wonderful part of their life. “Like, that somehow being seedy, or w***ey, or a bad thing… I don’t know who that’s constructed by, but it isn’t by the women who are busy having a good time having sex with interesting people.” Minnie had a whirlwind romance with her Good Will Hunting co-star Matt Damon, 51, between 1997 and 1998. Matt and Minnie began dating after meeting on the set of the famous 90s film. However, the pair later suffered an infamously dramatic split, with Matt announcing he was single on the Oprah Winfrey show. Minnie was less than impressed when Matt decided to publicly confirm their break-up in a conversation with Oprah on air. He said at the time: “Well, I'm single. I was with Minnie for a while, but we're not really romantically involved anymore. “We're just really good friends, and I love her dearly… DON'T MISS...Amal Clooney, 44, wows in floral gown at Prince's Trust Awards [PICTURES]Martin and Shirlie Kemp's 'dream come true' for future grandchildren [INSIGHT]Michael Jackson’s horrific animal abuse exposed [LATEST] “I care about her a lot. We care about each other a lot. “It wasn't meant to be, you know? And if it's not meant to be, then it's not meant to be." Both Minnie and Damon have since settled with their respective current partners. Minnie has been in a relationship with filmmaker Addison O'Dea since 2019 and has a son Henry, 13, from a previous relationship. Matt married wife Luciana Barroso in 2005, after they met while he was filming Stuck on You in Miami in April 2003. The couple share three daughters: Isabella, 15, Gia,13 and Stella, 10. Luciana also has a daughter named Alexia Barroso, 23, from a previous marriage, who Matt treats as his own. Minnie has released a new book called Managing Expectations: A Memoir of Essays, which is available to buy now.