Yesterday a further 36 cases of monkeypox were identified in England. This brings the total number of infections in the UK to 57. Health officials have been quick to clamp down on the viral outbreak through contact tracing and advising the general public on the symptoms to look out for. Speaking to Sky News, Doctor David Lloyd, London GP, said you should notify a medical professional if you develop the "characteristic" rash. "Alongside the rash, you get 'swollen glands' which is very unusual in rashes like chickenpox," the doc said. He continued: "So if you get a blistering rash and have tender swollen glands in your face or groin that can be an indication you have monkeypox." According to the NHS, swollen glands feel like tender, painful lumps: READ MORE: Monkeypox: The key sign to spot in your neck, armpits or groin - Dr Chris Other possible symptoms include: According to the NHS, a rash usually appears one to five days after the first symptoms. "The rash often begins on the face, then spreads to other parts of the body." The health body continues: "It starts as raised spots, which turn into small blisters filled with fluid. These blisters eventually form scabs which later fall off." DON'T MISSCancer breakthrough: The diet that may stop cancer [ADVICE]High blood pressure: The smelly warning sign to spot [TIPS]Telly Savalas: Actor's cancer was 'too late to fix' [INSIGHT Doctor Lloyd said it's a "horrid" illness to catch, although it's very difficult to catch. According to the doc, you have to be in very close contact with someone who has the virus. He was quick to quell concerns, putting the outbreak into the broader context of the pandemic. "I don't think we can expert something as terrifying as we have experienced over the last few years." However, if you do experience symptoms, it's vital that you seek professional help, Doctor Lloyd said.Don't struggle on your own if you get it but the risks of a serious consequence are "very low", he said.The first step is to undergo some tests to make sure it's monkeypox. If it is, you should self-isolate to reduce the risk of transmission, advised the doc."Treatment for monkeypox aims to relieve symptoms. The illness is usually mild and most people recover in two to four weeks," says the NHS. Cases continue to rise across Europe and North America. The World Health Organization's (WHO) emerging disease lead Maria Van Kerkhove said we should expect to see more in the coming days, but that we have the tools to stop the virus. "This is a containable situation, particularly in the countries where we are seeing these outbreaks that are happening across Europe, in North America as well," she said. "We can stop human-to-human transmission."