Type two diabetes is considered easier to manage than type one diabetes and the diet is one of the most efficacious methods of doing so. However, some foods are better for diabetics than others. Onions, according to a study conducted by the University of Gezira, are one of the most effective at lowering blood sugar levels. Published in Environ Health Insights the study concluded onions “caused a considerable reduction in fast blood glucose levels…in type two diabetic patients”. READ MORE: High cholesterol: The sign of narrowing arteries that 'can be heard'   The researchers concluded onions “could be used as a dietary supplement in the management of type one and/or type two diabetes”. It is important to note this doesn’t mean diabetics should flood their diet with onions in order to lower their glucose levels. The inclusion of onions, or allium cepa as they were referred to in the study, may help but are not a silver bullet. Furthermore, a greater body of research into onions is required before a concrete conclusion can be drawn.  Meanwhile, another study has found a popular muscle-building consumable may be effective in management of type two diabetes Researchers from Newcastle University have found drinking a small amount of whey protein before meals could help people manage their diabetes. In a statement, Dr Daniel West of Newcastle University said: “While previous studies for a few hours in the lab have shown the potential for this dietary intervention, this is the first time people have been monitored as they about normal life. “We believe the whey protein works in two ways, firstly, by slowing down how quickly food passes through the digestive system and secondly, by stimulating the number of important hormones that prevent the blood sugars climbing so high.” Dr West added: “As we see growing numbers of people around the world developing diabetes, investigating the potential of alternatives to drugs such as food supplements becomes more important.” In the UK just under five million people live with diabetes, a number set to grow. As a result, there will be thousands of extra diabetes patients in the UK who will need to learn how to manage their glucose levels. Whey protein adds to the gamut of food-stuffs with effective cholesterol managing properties. Newcastle University’s Kieran Smith, one of the team behind the research, added: “People were able to stick to the regime and liked the idea of having a convenient, tasty, small pre-made drink that could be carried with them and taken before meals.” Whey protein is often used in protein shakes, used by members of the public to encourage the build-up of muscle. All in one drinks proclaiming to be ‘a meal in a bottle’ have grown in popularity in recent years. While these are effective at providing immediate energy boosts, they are best consumed as supplements to a balanced diet rather than replacements.