Mohamed Salah won't be swayed by Jurgen Klopp's decision to sign a new deal at Liverpool according to John Barnes. There have been many new deals signed at Liverpool this season, including the Reds' manager, but Salah's position is still unknown. Liverpool fans were overjoyed recently as Klopp extended his stay at the club by signing a new four-year deal, keeping him at the club until 2026, but there is still no update on Salah. Salah's deal expires at the end of next season, and he is still embroiled in a contract saga with Liverpool. But Reds legend Barnes does not think the recent Klopp announcement will affect Salah's future. Barnes wants Salah to stay like most Liverpool fans, but admitted that the Egyptian is putting himself first as he wants "security". And the former Liverpool star doesn't think the fact that Klopp has prolonged his stay will have any influence in Salah putting pen to paper.  READ MORE: Man City boss Guardiola shares theory behind last-gasp meltdown vs Real Madrid "I don’t think Klopp’s extension will affect him," Barnes said when speaking to BonusCodeBets. "Mo Salah is coming to an age now where he wants security, he wants a contract that he wants, regardless of whether Jurgen Klopp is there or not. "I don’t think it will have an influence on it at all. It may have an influence on players coming into the club, in that they know he’s going to be there for the next four years but I don’t think it’ll have an impact on Mo’s decision. "I haven’t got a clue whether he will stay. It’s a negotiation. I would like him to stay, everybody wants him to stay, but I don’t know him."  DON'T MISSMarcus Rashford's price tag at Man Utd has changed by £90m as two rivals eye deal [TRANSFERS]Ten Hag may approve four shirt number changes at Man Utd including Fernandes [OPINION]Man City mocked by Spartak Moscow after Real Madrid's dramatic Champions League win [SOCIAL] And Barnes doesn't seem too concerned about Salah's future as he thinks that the best new Liverpool fans could have hoped for was Klopp signing a new deal. "It’s great news for Liverpool until 2026," Barnes added. "It’s fantastic news. If Klopp didn’t sign a contract, it would have been fantastic for the next two years anyway, because he would have been there. "But the future for Liverpool for the next four years looks brighter, but I don’t necessarily think next season would have been down for Liverpool because he’s not signed a new contract so the fact that he signed is great for the long term.  "But in the short term, I don’t think it changes much because he definitely would have been there for the next two years anyway. It just gives everyone a lift for the future, the mid-term future." Barnes wants Salah to stay, but he doesn't hold the same stance as most fans, who feel as though it's essential that the club do all they can to sign the Egyptian. And he exclusively told Express Sport: "Do we need him to stay? Only if he wants to. "He wants to stay if he gets the money that he wants and the years that he wants, but so did I. If we get to a stage where he only wants to stay if he gets a five-year contract, and is 35 with all that money, do we want him to sign that contract?  "And then when he's 33 and he can't run around anymore and he has a five-year contract, and Liverpool want to sign someone else but they can't because he's there. So very much like Gini Wijnaldum. "We love Gini, we love Mo. We wanted Gini to stay, but they couldn't give him what he wanted because he wanted more money and he wanted more years as he was 30 years old. "There's no more 'we love him and he wants to be loyal' because this is business. And it's business for him as well. So if he feels as though he can go and make that money and chooses to leave so he can go somewhere else and sign for more years, there's no hard feelings." 