Washing machines work hard to keep clothes clean, but during this process, it can fall victim to a build-up of mould and limescale. This is particularly true of the drawer compartment, which usually houses cleaning products such as detergent, fabric softener and stain removers. A lack of airflow and moisture within the drawer makes this the perfect environment for black mould and mildew to grow. Olly Cavner, Essential Living's Resident Services Manager, explained exclusively to Express.co.uk on the “most effective” way to clean washing machine drawers without breaking the bank. He noted that regularly wiping down and cleaning this compartment is crucial to stop mould. The longer the area goes without being cleaned, the worse a mould build-up will be. Olly said: “The detergent drawer of your washing machine can get pretty disgusting if it doesn't get cleaned regularly.” READ MORE: Cleaning: How to clean washing machine drawers - 'cheap and effective’ A more vigorous clean of the entire washing machine should be done monthly. The cleaning pro added: “The combination of vinegar and baking soda offers one of the most effective ways to clean your washing machine, and not to mention they only cost around £2.35 altogether.” Olly explained that Britons should start by adding one to two teaspoons of water to three tablespoons of baking soda to form a thick paste, and pour this into the detergent drawer. Thanks to its high levels of acetic acid, white vinegar makes a powerful cleaning agent that kills germs, gets rid of odours and rinses away dirt and grease. DON'T MISS: Oven cleaning: How to clean oven door glass under 5 minutes - ‘cheap’ [EXPERT]Warning issued as killer Asian hornets are spotted in the UK [INSIGHT]Cleaning: ‘Easy’ way to unblock sink drains - how to avoid blockages [TIPS] Baking soda, at the opposite end of the pH scale, is alkaline. As a base, baking soda dissolves organic compounds like dirt and grease, while also acting as a rental abrasive to clean without leaving scratches. Once the paste has been added, it is then time to add the white vinegar to the washing machine drum. The cleaning expert said: “Tip 250ml of vinegar (white is best) into the drum and run your washing machine on a 60 degree cycle. “These two ingredients will work together to break down any grime and residue, as well as get rid of any musty odours in the machine.” Olly noted how much the two ingredients would cost to clean the drawer. He said: “If you buy vinegar in large quantities it can cost around 60p per litre, as opposed to about £2 per litre if bought in smaller quantities. “Wilko sells their own Original Bicarbonate of Soda at just £1.75 for 500g, making this a cheap cleaning duo.” These two items can also be used to clean washing machine drawers by hand. Firstly, remove the drawer from the washing machine and remove all of the detachable elements of the drawer. Then create a mixture of baking soda and white vinegar into a bowl of warm water and place the washing machine drawer and detachable elements in to soak. After a while, any mould or dirt should have loosened up, so using either a cloth or a scrubbing sponge, clean all parts of the drawer. Pay close attention to any hard to reach cracks and crevices, as well as the underside of the drawer. Finally, rinse the drawer with clean, warm water and allow time to dry before returning it back into the washing machine.