Dame Joanna Lumley has spoken out about the Royal Family ahead of Queen Elizabeth's Platinum Jubilee, which is just days away. The Queen's health has not been the only talking point in the press lately. With the news of Prince Harry and Prince Andrew not appearing on the Buckingham Palace balcony as part of the opening celebrations and with both Harry and Meghan Markle attending, some spectators want to know if they will be filming the event as part of their collaboration with Netflix. Dame Joanna hasn't concerned herself with those matters and thinks The Queen has done a fantastic job up until this point. Having known many of the Royal family personally for some time, the actress couldn't speak highly enough of the monarch. She said: "The Queen has managed things so well, leaving everything beautifully set behind." At the age of 96, The Queen has been on the throne for 70 years, with many events happening nationwide in the coming week to celebrate her successful reign. Read More: 'Not right!' Meghan and Harry Netflix cameras blasted for being at Jubilee by Ferrari   Speaking to Radio Times, she added: "It's her way of saying a lot will change, and this is what it might look like, but don't be afraid. " The 76-year-old also confessed that with all of the "pageantry" associated with the Jubilee that it was easy to link it "with all the royal family." However, she felt passionate that it was "not" about anyone else. She continued, "It's important we remember this is for her.   "Yes, it will be easy for people to talk about the future of the monarchy, but that's nothing to do with this. "This is a celebration of the Queen, who has served us faithfully for 70 years. Anything else doesn't matter." Previously the actress revealed that she avoids watching The Crown due to her links with the Royals. Talking to The Mirror about the Netflix dramatisation of the British Royal Family, she said: "Suddenly, it began to get closer and closer, and they had people acting as Prince Charles, as Camilla Parker Bowles, as Princess Anne. I know them all. DON’T MISS…Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly pays tribute to former co-star as she lands 1932 role [LATEST]Gogglebox fans call for Giles and Mary to be cut from show 'Need to go' [LATEST]‘I wasn't a big fan’ Outlander's Caitriona Balfe speaks out on key Claire change [LATEST] "I know that's not how they speak or what they said or did. "People say, 'Oh, well, everybody knows that it's made up.' People don't, people think it's the truth." Commenting on the "ghastly" show, she adamantly stays clear of it. She concluded: "So I decided not to watch it anymore because I have some loyalty, as one would to anybody they know and like and are lucky enough to be friendly with.  