During the Great War, the British Army knowingly took vast numbers of underage soldiers to the bloody trenches of the Western Front and Gallipoli. In fact, the numbers were so great that, had the Army withdrawn all these boys from the fighting line, Britain would almost certainly have lost the war. That is the astonishing conclusion I have reached after a 20-year study researching one of the greatest untold stories of the conflict, the amazing truth behind the young lads - the so-called Boy Soldiers - who served Britain in its hour of need. The Army's peacetime policy was not to take boys overseas under the age of 19. They did not have the physical strength to withstand the rigours of frontline fighting and they did not have the muscle mass to carry 66lbs of equipment on route marches. Back in 2006, when I made my first tentative estimates, I believed a quarter of a million underage lads had served. Now, using ever-more accurate ways to calculate the numbers, I can say with certainty that the figures are far higher than I might have imagined. At least 400,000 boys, some as young as 13 or 14 and a handful aged 12 - enlisted in the army, two-thirds serving overseas. Many would experience life and death in the blood and mud-soaked trenches of the Somme and the infamous Ypres Salient. It's shocking to realise two times more underage boys served in 1915 than the entire force the Duke of Wellington took to fight Napoleon atWaterloo 100 years earlier. The lads who enlisted at the outbreak of war in 1914 were excited by the prospect of fighting. Lads like Vic Cole, from Gipsy Hill, London enlisted with his great mate, George Pulley. Vic, 17, and George, 16, were two of thousands of lads who, consumed by patriotism and a thirst for adventure, besieged recruitment offices up and down the country. Only Vic would return from the war. George would be killed on the first day of the Battle of the Somme. They enlisted without problems but many more were turned away, only to try again and again until they were accepted.  One veteran who enlisted aged 15 explained: "Civilian life was a dull life when you looked at it, just work. Mine was a dirty job at an engineering firm, always lots of grease and the smell of metal being turned. I didn't like the machinery either. I was always frightened I might get caught up in it." The Kaiser and his troops held fewer fears for this lad than the heavy machinery of industrial Britain. Some parents were equally keen to let their young sons enlist, believing that the war would not last beyond that first Christmas. For a few months their sons would get some fresh air, exercise, and three square meals a day. Then they would come home having never gone abroad, or so they thought. I became fascinated by the story of these boys as I walked the battlefields of Belgium and of northern France. Here are hundreds of impeccably kept Commonwealth War Graves' cemeteries that dot the landscape of the 1914-1918 war. Back in the 1980s and 1990s, e wh per my sup nex when I first stood before the rows of perfectly aligned white gravestones, I saw for myself the youth of those who died, their ages supplied by grieving parents and engraved next to the soldier's name. It was heartrending to see. At the foot of these graves were carved expressions of sorrow and love, tributes written and paid for by distraught parents. "Mother's Baby Son. Sorely Missed," added to the base of Private Bernard Whittington's grave, for example. Killed in July 1916, aged 17, he was buried in Delville Wood Cemetery on the Somme, his death devastating his widowed mother, Amelia. "O So Young & Yet So Brave," is another inscription that would move any battlefield visitor to tears. It is an inscription under the name of James Rathband, a 16-year-old Private in the Royal Dublin Fusiliers, also killed on the Somme.  To my amazement, nothing had been written about the daring exploits of these boys. I began to delve into the archives, reading memoirs and original diaries to piece together the story. I also interviewed the last survivors, men like Cecil Withers, who enlisted aged 17 in November 1915. Before he passed me away aged 106 in April 2005, he told me about how he and his mates joined up underage. "Lots of boys of 15 and 16 said they were 19, the authorities didn't ask questions, no proof of identity was required at all. "You knew the boys were that age, they told you on the sly. We'd be getting ourselves cleaned up, talking and they'd say, 'Well, I'm only 16.' "To my eyes it was obvious, they hadn't started shaving, but you would never tell tales on each other, never betray each other." While initially recruiting sergeants might have tried to stick to the 19-year-old age limit, by mid-1915 the British Army had suffered terrible casualties in the fighting around Ypres in April and May, and in September more fell in the Allied offensive at Loos. The Army was desperate and the boys such as 15-year-old Private John Flint would have to go. Worried parents, who had once connived in the enlistment of their boys, flocked to barracks on news that sons were w leaving for the front. Flint's parents even appealed to their local MP, Sir Arthur Markham, to intervene on their behalf. He campaigned vigorously for his discharge and eventually Flint was sent home. But many commanding officers ignored their desperate pleas, annoyed these boys had lied and determined they would now serve like the men they claimed to be.  With the war dragging on, recruitment sergeants found fewer and fewer men were willing to volunteer. In July and August 1915, young lads began to make up the shortfall. The war was going badly and many boys, such as Private Albert Harvey, 15, would not even get the year-long training earlier recruits received. Albert received less than many, just six months, but some lads received as little as six weeks' training. For these boys summer enlistment typically meant a winter departure to the hell of collapsing trenches, where water could come up to the knees. There were lads on the Western Front who had lied not only about their age but their name too in the hope they would not be found out. Cecil Withers, for instance, enlisted under the name Harrison until he realised that, if killed, no one would know who he was. He owned up and gave his true age, though he still went to France underage. "Thousands and thousands of decent boys left their homes and were blown to pieces: scattered all over the place," he bitterly recalled. "At night the rats would be feeding on the dead bodies too, it's shocking. "When these boys were killed in action, their identity disc would be taken from them with their name and number on, and that name and number would be looked up in the records and would be found to be untrue." Only in January 1916 did the British Government introduce conscription as a means of supplying the army with the men it needed on a regular basis.  These conscripts would have to be trained and prepared for battle, but as they gradually began to appear on the battlefield in late 1916, so the British Army could afford to give up those lads still underage, though many had fought for a year or more. We will never know precisely how many underage boys died, when so many served under false names. The Commonwealth War Graves Commission's online database lists the ages of half of all those who fell in action - only half because so many parents could not bring themselves to reply to an official post-war request to give their dead son's true age. For many years I wondered how many soldiers killed aged 19, 20 and even 21, had once served overseas underage. So I examined the service records of than se thousands of lads killed later in the war and looked back to see how many had served abroad in 1914 and 1915. Until January 1916, Army records, known as the Medal Index Cards, gave the precise date on which a lad entered the field of operations, perhaps on the Western Front or at Gallipoli. In looking again at the Commonwealth War Graves records of the dead, it is possible to cross-reference these two sources to calculate how many of those lads aged between 19 and 21 were actually fighting in the trenches underage, perhaps one, two or even three years earlier than their date of death. I had never looked at the records like this before, but I was now able to prove that at least 400,000 lads had served. I was stunned.  The results revealed that in addition to those I had found in the past, tens of thousands more had once served underage, not forgetting all those additional lads who had suffered terrible, life-changing injuries to body and mind. Cecil Withers remained deeply troubled by the number of boys who died without their parents ever knowing what had happened. "They became in a sense unknown warriors," he told me wistfully, reflecting one last time on the astonishing courage of boys who once served this country as men. Boy Soldiers Of The Great War by Richard van Emden (Pen & Sword, £25) is out now. To order for a discounted £22.50 with free UK P&P, visit expressbookshop.com or call 020 3176 3832 