The 96-year-old monarch made the difficult decision this afternoon not to attend due to her recent mobility issues. Buckingham Palace said Prince Charles will stand in for her at Parliament and read the Queen's Speech on her behalf. Prince William will also be in attendance. But the Queen's absence will also raise fears she may not be able to attend her Platinum Jubilee celebrations next month. Buckingham Palace said in a statement: "The Queen continues to experience episodic mobility problems, and in consultation with her doctors has reluctantly decided that she will not attend the State Opening of Parliament tomorrow. "At Her Majesty's request, and with the agreement of the relevant authorities, The Prince of Wales will read The Queen's Speech on Her Majesty's behalf, with The Duke of Cambridge also in attendance." It will be the first time in 59 years the Queen has failed to attend the annual State Opening of Parliament. She has only missed the opening of Parliament twice during her time on the throne - in 1959 and 1963 when she was pregnant.  During the highly-anticipated ceremony, the monarch reads out the UK Government's plans for upcoming legislation. There had been plans to drive her 26 miles from her Windsor Castle home to Westminster tomorrow (Tuesday), and to use a lift to get into Parliament for the televised event. But her recent mobility issues have now seen this plan scrapped. Buckingham Palace had planned to wait until Tuesday morning to make the decision, but has now confirmed she will not be attending. It's the latest in a series of events the Queen has been forced to miss in recent months. Last October, she was unable to attend the Remembrance Sunday Service at the Cenotaph. In February, she tested positive for Covid, as Buckingham Palace saying she was experiencing mild cold-like symptoms. But within weeks of her diagnosis, she began attending virtual engagements again. DON'T MISSQueen’s Platinum Jubilee: Where will the Royals be? [LATEST]Queen hails ‘courage’ of channel islanders after Nazi liberation [COMMENTS]When is Parliament back? How Queen's speech could spell doom for Boris [EXPLAINER] The Queen attended Prince Philip's Service of Thanksgiving, along with other members of the Royal Family, at the end of March. But just weeks later, she was not at the Easter Sunday church service at Windsor Castle's St George's Chapel. Last month, during a virtual meeting of hospital staff in London, the Queen admitted she'd been left "very tired and exhausted" by her bout of Covid.  In late April, the 96-year-old monarch was able to carry out an in-person audience with the President of Switzerland at Windsor Castle after spending a week at her Sandringham estate. Buckingham Palace said at the time she was still planning to attend the opening of Parliament tomorrow. But this decision has now been reversed. 