Strictly Come Dancing has confirmed Anton Du Beke, Craig Revel Horwood, Motsi Mabuse and Shirley Ballas will yet again be judging the host of celebrities that take to the dance floor this autumn. In an official announcement, the four judges revealed they were thrilled to be back but there was no mention of Bruno Tonioli. Up until 2020, Craig and Bruno have appeared on every series of Strictly as judges since it began in 2004. Due to the pandemic and Bruno’s commitments to America’s Dancing with the Stars, he was unable to resume his position as a Strictly judge. Instead, Bruno offered his expert opinion on the week’s dances during the Sunday results show. Last year, Anton stepped in when it became apparent travel restrictions would make it impossible for Bruno to travel back and forth from the United States. Read more: Strictly's Joe Sugg opens up on changes to series 'Hope it returns' However, the BBC have confirmed Anton will take up residency on the judging panel this year following his 2021 stint. Commenting on the news, he said: Anton Du Beke says: “Woohooo! This is BRILLIANT news. “Everyone knows how much I absolutely love the show and I’m utterly delighted to be continuing as a regular judge. “And I get to make the final again - now I know how Giovanni feels!” Craig added: “I am beyond thrilled to be returning to Strictly, I can’t believe it will be my 20th series! It’s going to be Fab-u-lous!” “Last year’s series of Strictly was one of the highlights of my career,” Motsi shared. “It has had such a real impact which has been incredible to witness. “I am so proud to be a part of this show and I am so looking forward to returning for my fourth series!” Meanwhile, head judge Shirley said: “Being a judge on Strictly is such a joy and honour for me, and I can’t wait to be back at the studio waving my paddle. DON'T MISSLorraine Kelly blasts BBC if they don't give Strictly job to Anton [VIDEO]Emmerdale star Adam Thomas speaks out on Strictly rumours [INTERVIEW]‘They know who they want to win’ Strictly star says series is ‘fixed' [INSIGHT] “Every year the wonderful production team surpass themselves and I know they have some brilliant plans in store for 2022. I’m so excited to get started.” Strictly also confirmed the return of hosts Tess Daly and Claudia Winkleman. Speaking on Thursday's The One Show, Bruno confirmedhis exit: “Unfortunately, Dancing with the Stars has moved onto Disney Plus, it’s going to be streaming live on Disney Plus. “It’s a big deal, it’s very exciting and again because of the travel situation, I cannot really guarantee that I’m going to be there because anything can happen. “They need continuity and I absolutely support it, it’s my decision and I think Anton has done a fantastic job he deserves to be on that seat.”  Earlier this week, it was rumoured Bruno had decided to quit Strictly after 18 years. Following the reports, bookmakers Ladbrokes predicted the judge could be heading into the jungle. Bookies slashed the odds of him sighing up to I’m A Celebrity…Get Me Out Of Here! to just 3.1. Alex Apati of Ladbrokes said: “Bruno might be leaving Strictly for good, but that doesn't mean he'll be a stranger to our screens, with a stint in the jungle potentially on the cards later this year.” Strictly Come Dancing returns to BBC One later this year.