Good Morning Britain host Susanna Reid has erupted at Sir Keir Starmer during a tense grilling over pictures taken during lockdown showing the Labour leader enjoying a beer and curry with party staff indoors when social gatherings were banned under Covid rules. The GMB host demanded: "Why were you in the office with take-away food and beer late at night with 30 people? "You've already said your wife couldn't go into her father's flat to clean, so how come so many of you are in a room drinking beer and eating food?" Sir Keir replied: "Let me just try and answer that, we're on the road at the end of the day we're in the office preparing. He added: "At some point, this was in the evening everyone is hungry and then a takeaway was ordered. JUST IN: Ukraine LIVE: Brutal Chechen warlord threatens 'second stage' attack  "It was then delivered into the kitchen of the offices." The GMB host blasted: Well it sounds very much like a birthday cake where people were working which is exactly what the Prime Minister has said. Sir Keir continued: "All restaurants and pubs were closed so the takeaways were really the only way you could eat. "So this was brought in and at various points, people went through the kitchen, got a plate had something to eat and got on with their work."  Sir Keir said police have not contacted him again after closing an investigation into an alleged breach of lockdown rules. The Labour leader was asked if he had been questioned by officers since an initial probe after photos showed him having a beer and a takeaway with others last year. He said of the police: "I think they put out a statement last week saying they're not reinvestigating and they haven't spoken to me." Labour's shadow chancellor has said there is a "world of difference" between the industrial scale of rule-breaking at No 10 and Labour leaders' "beergate" affair. DON'T MISS:Sturgeon based ferry fiasco on 'corrupted decisions' [REPORT]Boris rumbled: ‘Nonsense' UK crime figures shames PM [REVEAL]Key reasons Ukraine has NOT hit targets in Russia [OPINION] Rachel Reeves told BBC Breakfast: "The Prime Minister and the Chancellor have been fined by the Metropolitan Police whereas Durham police - where this alleged incident took place - said there's no case to answer. "The police have been very clear that in 10 Downing Street rule-breaking did happen and in Durham, Keir Starmer did not break the rules. "Boris Johnson has lied and lied again, and then covered up the lies to Parliament about what happened at number 10. "There is a world of difference between the rule-breaking and the fines that the Prime Minister and his office have received - compared to what Keir did - which is basically working all day in an office and stopping to have some food and a drink.  