It was recently revealed that Netflix had axed an animated series called Pearl which featured the Duchess of Sussex as an executive producer. The children’s programme was due to focus on the adventures of a 12-year-old girl who finds inspiration in a variety of influential women throughout history. It comes following a massive decline in subscriber numbers for the streaming giant. Last month Netflix reported that its subscriber figures dropped by 200,000 in the first quarter of 2022, falling far short of predictions. The company also saw more than $50 billion being wiped from its market value as its shares declined by 35 percent. The Sussexes' ‘Pearl’ title was one of several projects dropped by Netflix in a money-saving effort, that also saw around 25 people being laid off across its marketing operation. Following the loss of the project, there has been speculation that other projects from the couple’s Archewell Productions scheme could be in the firing line to be scrapped. Royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams told Express.co.uk that “clearly” the Duke and Duchess will face pressure to “produce more and probably more quickly” for the platform. However, Mr Fitzwilliams raised the question though of what kind of content the couple could pitch. At the time of announcing their deal back in September 2020, Harry and Meghan said they aim to produce documentaries, docuseries, feature films, scripted shows and children’s programming, all of which aim to be “inspirational”. READ MORE: Meghan refiles trademark for pre-Royal blog The royal commentator believes it’s unlikely that the content, that is required “urgently” by Netflix, will be focused on royal affairs. He told Express.co.uk: “Clearly there will be pressure on Harry and Meghan to produce more and probably more quickly. “The problem is what. It is unlikely to be linked to royal matters but it is urgent with so drastic a fall in Netflix’s fortunes.” Mr Fitzwilliams pointed out though that royal content is likely to feature in the Duke of Sussex’s upcoming memoir. DON'T MISS Prince Harry blasted for 'skewering Firm in a thousand ways' [INSIGHT] Harry and Meghan exit would have gone 'differently' if Diana was alive [REVEAL] Meghan and Harry had to grapple with "lot of disdain' from royal aides [REPORT] He claims this poses a “serious problem” for the monarchy, nodding towards speculation that the book could see Harry make further claims about his experience as a royal. The book, published by Penguin Random House, is due to be published this autumn. A press release about the title stated that Harry will “share, for the very first time, the definitive account of the experiences, adventures, losses, and life lessons that have helped shape him”. In a statement at the time of announcing the memoir, Harry said: "I'm writing this not as the prince I was born but as the man I have become." The Duke and Duchess of Sussex made a series of bombshell claims about their time as senior royals during an interview with Oprah Winfrey last year. Royal watchers have speculated that similar claims will feature in Harry’s biography and some have commented on the timing of the book as it will be published amid celebrations for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. Richard Fitzwilliams addressed those who have expressed their hopes that the book will be postponed to spare the monarch from hardship during her celebratory year. He said: “It is to be hoped it will be postponed but the Sussexes are totally unpredictable.”