Arsenal ‘have the money’ required in order to sign Robert Lewandowski, according to reports. The Gunners are poised to miss out on qualification for next season’s Champions League after recent defeats in the Premier League. However, that hasn’t stopped them being linked with one of the deadliest players in world football. Lewandowski has scored 48 goals across all competitions for Bayern this season, while also registering six assists. However, his future at the Allianz Arena is currently shrouded in uncertainty with the Bundesliga giants struggling to get him to renew his contract. In recent days, Arsenal have emerged as surprising suitors for the Poland international - even though Manchester City’s Gabriel Jesus is their priority. And Sport say the Gunners ‘have the money’ required in order to bring Lewandowski to the Emirates Stadium. However, while that’s the case, it’s also added that Arsenal aren’t really seen as a viable option for the striker. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz That, most likely, is due to the fact they’re primed to miss out on qualifying for the Champions League yet again under Mikel Arteta. The Gunners had, until recently, been in pole position to finish in the top four. But Arsenal have recently lost matches to Tottenham and Newcastle, meaning they now sit fifth in the Premier League table. The report adds that Lewandowski’s entourage have been maintaining ‘a lot’ of contact with Chelsea. The Blues only signed Romelu Lukaku a year ago, paying a massive £98million in order to bring the Belgium international in from Serie A giants AC Milan. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here But Lukaku has struggled to adjust to life back at Stamford Bridge, cutting a frustrated figure under Thomas Tuchel in the process. Therefore, it’s possible Chelsea will look to land a new marksman when the transfer window reopens. Yet while the Blues are in the race, it’s Barcelona who appear to be frontrunners in the race to land the 33-year-old. The Catalan giants want to sign a marketable name this summer, with the club yet to replace Lionel Messi in that regard. And Barcelona have, so far, made the most ground when it comes to securing Lewandowski’s signature. Speaking last week, meanwhile, Lewandowski confirmed he wanted to leave Bayern and admitted he was hoping to find the ‘best solution’ for all parties. "I can confirm that I spoke to Hasan [Salihamidzic, Bayern sporting director] and informed him that the decision was made - and that I am not extending my contract with FC Bayern,” he said. "Both sides have to think about the future. It's best if we find the best solution for both sides. "I said to [Salihamidzic] that if an offer comes, then we have to think about it - also for the club. Both sides have to think about the future. That's all I can say. "I still have a year's contract [left at Bayern]. But I said that we have to find the best solution for both sides. “We'll have to wait and see what happens." And Hasan Salihamidzic confirmed this by saying: "He said that he would like to try something new. "But our position has not changed. 'Lewa' has a contract until June 30, 2023. That is a fact."