An IT system failure meant that hundreds of flights had to be cancelled yesterday as all easyJet planes were grounded. A further 11 flights were cancelled this morning. More than 30,000 passengers have been impacted by the chaos, an expert said. One passenger claimed there was "zero" communication from easyJet. She said: "Flight cancelled as we were about to board with three children. "Communication from easyJet zero. No staff at airport, no one answers calls and website down. "You have ruined a once in a lifetime holiday." EasyJet apologised for the chaos, saying: "easyJet can confirm that the earlier IT systems issues have now been rectified. "Unfortunately, they resulted in some cancellations earlier today and while we expect to operate most of our remaining flying programme some may still be subject to some disruption in the coming hours." It added: "We advise customers due to travel with us to continue to check Flight Tracker for the status of their flight before making their way to the airport. "We apologise for the inconvenience caused and customers can apply for compensation in line with regulations." Travel expert Simon Calder advised people to seek compensation for the issues. Speaking to ITV's Good Morning Britain about the chaos, he said: "Passengers who woke up this morning, early flights to places like Milan and Mallorca, we've seen another 14 cancellations of flights to and from Gatwick Airport. "That's on top of 200-plus flights cancelled because of the IT glitch yesterday which means a total of 30,000 easyJet passengers waking up this morning not where they wanted to be at all. READ MORE: Simon Calder issues easyJet travel warning "Lots of pressure on finding seats and ways of getting people where they want to be. "Not least there were some really long-haul cancellations - for example Belfast to Corfu, Liverpool to Dalaman, Gatwick to Hurghada in Egypt. "So, the airline has to find an alternative flight or people will need to book themselves on other airlines. "EasyJet really has to try to get you there, and of course pay for hotels and meals while you're waiting. "On top of that, cash compensation." DON'T MISS: easyJet will cancel 240 flights from Gatwick over half-term [REVEAL] EasyJet caught in 'unnecessary own goal' over IT issues [INSIGHT] EasyJet cancellations: Which flights are cancelled? FULL LIST [REPORT] To make matters worse, passengers attempting to catch a ferry instead were met by queues at the Port of Dover which stretched back for miles, waiting in line for up to three hours. P&O Ferries warned of "heavy traffic" at ports, advising passengers to leave at least 2.5 hours to get through security. In a statement it said: "If you are booked to travel today please allow at least 2.5 hours to clear all security checks. "Rest assured, if you miss your sailing, you'll be on the first available once at check-in." This comes as thousands of people across the UK attempted to go on holiday as May half-term begins. The roads are expected to be no better than the chaos at UK airports, with the RAC issuing a warning over congestion on major roads. A spoeksperson said: "Major routes to holiday destinations will start to clog up". He added: "Drivers can beat the worst of the queues by planning the time of their trips carefully. "An early start is always best or, failing that, driving at dusk if that's a feasible option." A spokesperson for easyJet told Express.co.uk: "Yesterday we operated almost 1500 flights network wide. "Around 200 were impacted by an IT systems issue which was rectified within a couple of hours. "Today we plan to operate around 1700 flights but unfortunately a small number have been impacted this morning. "Customers have been notified and provided with options to rebook or receive a refund. "We are very sorry for any inconvenience caused."