Cue certain finger-wagging from Brussels, lectures by western European leaders, and later pushback from Budapest. Of course, this time around tensions have also emerged between Hungary and longstanding ally Poland over how best to deal with Russia, which has somewhat complicated things. But don’t think Poland has switched sides in the EU. Warsaw may be finalising a deal to free up tens of billions of euros from Brussels - something which had been blocked because of concerns about the rule of law - but Poland is now engaged in a fresh spat with Germany over weapons supplies. This week the Polish President, Andrzej Duda, accused Berlin of not delivering on a commitment to send new tanks to replace those Poland had sent to Ukraine. Meanwhile, the EU considers the rule of law matter very much unfinished business. Put simply, any cracks are merely being papered over. How much longer can this saga carry on? For all French President Emmanuel Macron’s aspirations about new powers for Brussels and a renewed European community, the EU can barely hold together the community it has. In the United States, sorting out any divisions is difficult because a) America is actually a country, and b) the colossal divisions don’t fall along neat geographic lines. By contrast, the EU has not yet developed into a country and the cultural division does in fact follow a neat dividing line. This makes an amicable split before things turn nasty that much easier. In case there was any doubt on the matter, back in 2018 the American think tank – the Pew Research Center – revealed the massive ideological schism between the two halves of Europe. In Hungary, for instance, 83 percent of adults said it is very or somewhat important to have been born in their country to be truly Hungarian, while in Poland 82 percent said the same for being truly Polish. In much of western Europe, including the UK, that figure fell to around half. Interestingly, Pew’s findings put Poles and Ukrainians culturally closer to Russians than to the Dutch, Germans or Swedes, suggesting divisions in central and eastern Europe are more about politics than culture. Is it any wonder that nationalistic and traditionalist Ukraine is not going to be let into the EU anytime soon (and would likely feel disappointed if it was)? Hungary and Poland can play cat-and-mouse with Brussels all they want, but perhaps the time has come to retain the economic ties while looking to cut the political ones. Most countries in central and eastern Europe have not joined the eurozone anyway, making an amicable divorce even easier. Ironically, EU membership has brought many of these countries to the level of wealth where they have less need for EU funds anyway. Hungary, for example, will be a net contributor to the EU by 2030. Last year, the country’s Finance Minister warned that Hungary could reassess EU membership at that point. This situation is likely to be true for the Czech Republic, Poland, Slovakia, Slovenia, and the Baltic states. When Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte last year mused about “re-establishing the EU without Hungary and Poland” he was giving voice to sentiment across western Europe, sick to the back teeth of balancing western European progressivism with central and eastern Europe conservatism. The great European division is here to stay. Western Europe is not going to turn right and re-Christianise anytime soon, and nor is central and eastern Europe – fresh from the clutches of communism – going to roll over and abandon its newfound religiosity and nationalism. Rutte is right and Macron is wrong. The EU family does not need to get bigger. Instead, it needs an amicable divorce. If Ukraine has a home in Europe, it will more likely be in a new community led by Budapest and Warsaw, rather than within the broken marriage which the EU has clearly become.