This year, the Queen will celebrate 70 years of service with the Platinum Jubilee and the bank holiday is the perfect occasion to commemorate the once-in-a-lifetime event. What better way is there than to visit the London residence of Her Majesty the Queen and find Buckingham Palace ticket deals. With the Jubilee weekend coming up, celebrate Queen Elizabeth II and learn about the members of the Royal Family by visiting Buckingham Palace with friends or family. Whether you're looking to see the royal mews or state rooms, there's plenty of tours available that are perfect for Platinum Jubilee celebrations – but hurry to book to secure availability for the weekend. Join a semi-private two-hour guided walking tour and witness Changing of the Guard, while exploring the Palace's history and getting to know the Calvary on Guard. There's still availability for Friday June 3, 2022 and tickets start from £72.55 on Tripadvisor. In addition, if you fancy a shorter visit to see Changing of the Guard, this walking tour on Tripadvisor is only 90 minutes and has plenty availability across Jubilee weekend. With a larger group of 25 individuals, it's perfect to enjoy with friends or family and the tour gives guests the chance to march alongside the Queen's guard. You'll also see Wellington Barracks in addition to Buckingham Palace and tickets for this are only £20 per person. Book this trip on Tripadvisor here. Another great way to spend the weekend is to visit Tower of London and enjoy a private tour and River Thames sightseeing cruise. With this four hour tour, you get early access to Tower of London without waiting in the queue, visit Buckingham Palace to see Changing of the Guard and also get detailed insight on landmarks like Big Ben and London Eye. There's still availability on Sunday June 5, 2022 and tickets start from £59 per person on Tripadvisor. Book the tour here. Take a break from London to visit Windsor Castle on a half day trip during Jubilee weekend. With round trip transfers, this four hour tour includes entrance to the historic Windsor Castle, which is the Queen's official residence, and guests will be able to take a peek inside royal bedchambers and stroll along the beautiful gardens. There is availability for both Thursday June 2, 2022 and Friday June 3, 2022 and tickets are priced at £67 up. Book the trip on Tripadvisor here.