The Shadow Secretary for Levelling Up claimed the UK population should doubt the Prime Minister’s pledges to address the cost of living crisis and the effects of Russian aggression in Ukraine. Lisa Nandy argued the revelations of the Sue Gray report had highlighted the dishonest nature of Boris Johnson as she claimed the Conservative Leader had “lied” to both the public and his colleagues in Parliament. The Labour MP, who appeared shocked by the details of the Sue Gray report published on Wednesday, said “I think what is happening is extraordinary.”    Speaking to Sky News, she continued: “There are a lot of families around the country this morning who are looking at the revelations that have come to light in this report and the Prime Minister’s response and thinking how could it possibly be that we did follow these rules when the Prime Minister was telling us it was important, yet he presided over rot that ran right the way through the heart of Government.” Ms Nandy claimed the public had been left feeling “guilty” for following coronavirus lockdown guidelines while staff at Downing Street flouted the rules. Discussing Boris Johnson, she said: “He refused to apologise, refused to acknowledge it and refused to own up to it until he was in serious trouble and caught red-handed. “We’re now in the extraordinary position of having a Prime Minister who has lied, he’s lied to the public, he’s lied to the House of Commons. “You cannot trust a word that he says.”    The Labour MP suggested the Sue Gray report had cast a shadow of doubt over the further pledges of the Prime Minister. Ms Nandy said: “When he says I’ll deal with the cost of living crisis, when he says I’ll stand up to Russian aggression in Ukraine, what do you do? - Because you cannot trust a word that this man says.” The Shadow Secretary for Levelling Up argued senior Government officials were aware their behaviour was outside of lockdown permits at the time of the Downing Street events. She said: “Senior staff in Downing Street knew what they were doing was wrong.” Read more: Ex-Tory MP on how backbenchers will decide Boris' fate  Ms Nandy asserted trust was imperative to the effective running of Government as well as the organisation and implementation of policy. She said: “Trust is the glue that holds the whole system together. “If you can’t trust him on this, how on earth can you trust him when he says he’s going to help people with soaring inflation rates, when he says that he’s going to stand up to Russian aggression.” The Labour MP added: “If you can’t trust a word that he says, then how can you trust him on anything else.” Don't miss:POLL: Do YOU think Sue Gray's report matters? [POLL]Boris Johnson ‘must bear responsibility’ for rule-breaking culture [REPORT]Standards we expect of MPs? Lies and mediocrity mainly PAUL BALDWIN [COMMENT] Following the publication of the much-anticipated Sue Gray report, the Prime Minister confessed he had been “humbled” by the findings of the investigation in an address to the House of Commons. Mr Johnson said: “ I want to conclude by saying that I am humbled, and I have learned a lesson.” The Prime Minister urged his Government colleagues to move past the partygate scandal in order to ensure the policy to “get our country through the aftershocks of Covid” is effectively introduced. The Chancellor, Rishi Sunak, is expected to announce new financial measures to address the cost of living crisis on Thursday.   