  Shirley Ballas, 61, took to social media to praise her long-time boyfriend Danny Taylor, 48, who she called “her everything” in a series of adorable Instagram posts. The Strictly Come Dancing judge mysteriously referred to a “wedding” while updating her fans, adding that she “couldn’t wait to share” some news with all of them.     Shirley shared a series of updates with her 236,000 Instagram followers yesterday. The star was already in a fantastic mood, thanks to the news that she had been invited back as a judge for the latest series of Strictly alongside Craig Revel Horwood, Motsi Mabuse and Anton Du Beke. She shared a picture to her story which showed herself and Danny standing either side of a grandfather clock, flanked by two ornate, golden candelabras. She captioned the photo: “Where are we. What are wedding ahhhh. Can’t wait to share with you all.” (sic) Shirley did not suggest whose wedding the pair could be attending, although Express.co.uk understands the story was not necessarily in reference to their own marital status. READ MORE: Brian McFadden cheated on Kerry Katona with a stripper at his stag do     Another picture showed the pair cuddled up and laughing on a park bench with a grand manor house in the distance behind them. “He is my everything,” Shirley wrote next to the picture, tagging Danny. She also posed solo on the same bench, adding a sweet message to her Strictly fans. The dancer penned: “To all my supporters who have made the journey so special on @BBCStrictly thank you.” (sic)      The star had already shared the exciting news of her return in a video update earlier that day. She told her followers at the time: “I just want to say to all my fans, I’m absolutely ecstatic to be invited back as head judge on Strictly Come Dancing 2022. “This last year has been fantastic because of each and every one of you and the support you have given me. “Thank you again. I can’t wait - it’s going to be fabulous!” READ MORE... Jamie Oliver sparks fury over Eton Mess - 'Attack on working class!' [LATEST] Steph McGovern receives support after she's pictured crying at home [UPDATE] James Martin full of regret over opening up about ex Barbara Broccoli [INSIGHT]     The Strictly star first met her beau Danny back in 2018, when they were both starring in a Christmas production of Jack and The Beanstalk at the Liverpool Empire. After starting work together in November that year, they went public with their relationship in March of 2019 and are still together three years later. Shirley was previously married twice before, first tying the knot with Sammy Stopford in 1980. The pair divorced four years later, and Shirley went on to marry Corky Ballas in 1985, whom she then split from in 2007.      Shirley and Corky are parents to son Mark, 35, who is a professional dancer on Dancing With The Stars in the US. As well as welcoming Shirley back, Strictly Come Dancing has also taken on Anton Du Beke as a full-time judge, after he took over from Bruno Tonioli last year due to Covid travel restrictions. Bruno told BBC One's The One Show on Thursday that he will now concentrate on his role as a judge on Dancing with the Stars, which is filmed in Los Angeles. Two popular professional dancers have also left the show, as the tight knit cast were forced to wave farewell to Aljaž Škorjanec and Oti Mabuse. Express.co.uk have contacted Shirley’s representatives for further comment.  