Lisa Marie Presley was born nine months to the day after her parents Elvis Presley and Priscilla’s wedding night. Although the couple separated in 1972 and she went to live with her mother in Los Angeles, during the school vacations, the only child of The King would go and live with her father at Graceland. In interviews since, Lisa Marie has described herself in her childhood as a “terror” who had full roam of Graceland with her cohort of Memphis Mafia children. Elvis would sleep through the day and be up all night, so Lisa Marie was free from the strict discipline of her mother Priscilla to pretty much do what she wanted. Yet when both she and The King were awake, they’d get up to all sorts of fun antics at Graceland. Speaking on the Memphis Mafia Kid YouTube channel, her childhood pal Danny Smith, the son of Elvis’ cousin Billy, shared some fond memories. He remembered how the movie buff rock star would rent out whole movie theatres and took them all to see the latest films. Elvis also liked to rent out the entire theme park Liberty Land, riding the rollercoasters multiple times with his daughter and girlfriends Linda Thompson and Ginger Alden. The King would also take Lisa Marie shopping and had a lot of fun riding golf carts together at Graceland. In fact, his last Christmas present to his daughter in 1976 was her very own one to drive around the estate. Danny recalled: “They had their father-daughter private times, he would play with her and they talked. He loved when he had Lisa. There was never a dull moment when she was at Graceland, I can guarantee that.” Speaking on CBS’ The Talk in 2013, Lisa Marie recalled: “He would sleep all day so me and my friends pretty much had the run of Graceland. And I knew that nobody was going to tell me what to do because they would get fired. I was, truly a terror to be honest. He and I spent a lot of time together upstairs; the upper part of Graceland is basically his room and my room. That’s when I got to be with him. He’d set up a little chair in my room and a TV.” DON'T MISSElvis: Sleeping in Lisa Marie bedroom memories shared by childhood pal [LISA BEDROOM]Elvis death: Last movie King saw was a Roger Moore James Bond [ELVIS LAST MOVIE]Elvis and Lisa Marie’s bedrooms: Fun memories upstairs at Graceland [ELVIS BEDROOM] Graceland was opened to the public 40 years ago, five years after Elvis’ death of a heart attack on the toilet. Lisa Marie owns the mansion and its contents and requests that the upstairs be left private and perfectly preserved. According to Graceland archivist Angie Marchese, it’s like The King just got up and left. The bed is made, the last record he ever played – a fresh demo of JD Sumner and the Stamps – is on the player and there’s even a styrofoam cup sitting on a bookshelf.