Tennis legend John McEnroe has revealed that he thinks Carlos Alcaraz's movement sets him apart from all other players at the French Open ahead of his Tuesday quarter-final against Alexander Zverev. The Spaniard is one of the hottest prospects in the world after winning four titles in four months this year. Alcaraz has already won the ATP Masters 1000, the Miami Open and Madrid and Barcelona Opens as he moved up to sixth in the world rankings. The 19-year-old has been tipped to continue his good form at Roland-Garros, and McEnroe believes he does one thing better than almost anyone else on the tour. McEnroe told Reuters: “I mean, everyone loves him. I love him and he just brings like a fresh energy. He fights and he’s just got this youthful, like, bouncing (energy). He’s got a big game. “He moves maybe better than almost anyone I’ve ever seen. He may move better than Nadal and Djokovic right now. He may move better than anyone on the tour right now. That’s quite amazing. That’ll help win you some matches.” The Spaniard has been likened to Rafael Nadal, but the teenager has claimed that he models a lot of his game on former English player Tim Henman. Alcaraz told Henman: “My style is to be aggressive, trying to go to the net as many times as I can. Of course I am trying to be like you [Henman].” Ahead of his quarter-final tie with Zverev, Alcaraz has claimed that it would have been unfair if he was forced to play in three consecutive night sessions as controversy over the French Open schedule continues. Alcaraz said: “It would not seem fair to me, here we are going to say things. I have already played twice on the night shift. I am not saying that it bothers me to play but you have less time to rest and everything ends very late. “Even if you finish at midnight, you have to look at everything that comes after that: dinner, physio. You don't rest the same because of the adrenaline of the match. If I play a third time at night it wouldn't seem fair to me." Alcaraz's match with Zverev will take place in the afternoon, and starts at 1.30pm BST. Alcaraz defeated Karen Khachanov to reach the quarter-final stage and had played his last two matches under the lights. He defeated Zverev in the final of the Madrid Masters earlier this month and will hope to claim another victory to continue the show he is putting on in France. During the win over Khachanov, the Spaniard received a standing ovation after making a shot of the year contender. Alcaraz played a lob through his legs to win the seventh game of the last set and sent the crowd in Paris wild.