Netflix series Ozark has seen characters meet some brutal and bloody ends over the years. Most have been innocents who were felled as Marty (played by Jason Bateman) and Wendy Byrde (Laura Linney) scrambled to pacify the Navarro Cartel, but sometimes Ozark saw characters getting their comeuppance. Among those was hitman Nelson (played by Bonilla), who was responsible for a fair few of the mounting body count. Nelson was finally taken down towards the end of season four, part two when he came looking for Ruth Langmore (Julia Garner). But Ruth was on to him and told her new business partner Rachel Garrison (Jordana Spiro) to shoot the assassin when he showed up at the Langmore residence. In a tense scene, Nelson was shot dead by Rachel and she later buried the cartel muscle in the foundations of her new swimming pool. His death was just as dramatic and brutal as some of the characters he bumped off and Nelson remained suitably stoic as he bit the bullet. READ MORE: Ozark's Nelson star gives verdict on Ben Davis death scene Speaking to Express.co.uk, Bonilla said he was “no stranger” to death scenes, explaining at the start of his career he would “show up in an episode, say a few lines and then get killed”. Nelson’s death, however, wasn’t the same: “This was certainly different. Ozark has been the longest run I've had on a show.” He went on to explain about filming the pivotal scene: “Scheduling worked it out so my death scene was on my last day of work, which isn't always the case. “So once we were all done and the scene was shot, there was a lot of screaming, clapping and hugs for the show wrapping of Ozark's favourite assassin.” He added: “It was a lot. I wasn't prepared for the emotions that came along with that show wrap. I'll never forget it.” Reflecting on finding out Nelson was going to be kicking the bucket, Bonilla admitted he wasn’t surprised. Bonilla said: “On a show like Ozark, I think everyone is always on the lookout for their death scene. That's what makes the show so engaging. “If they only killed off the boring or irrelevant characters, who would care?” DON'T MISS...'White working class lads don't get a look in' GB News guest slams BBC [VIDEO]Insulate Britain activist's blunt response to Range Rover mum [TV ROW]'Disgusted' BBC Breakfast sparks uproar over Russian news coverage [VIEWER REACTION] Nonetheless, he said it was “kind of nerve-wracking” trying to figure out when Nelson’s end could be. He revealed director and star Bateman teased Nelson’s death, saying: "Don't worry, we all die. You'll just be going out in a blaze of bullets.” After hearing this, Bonilla said: “At that point it became a game. Trying to guess who, when and how.” Nelson first appeared in season two as the silent but lethal cartel henchman driving around with attorney Helen Pierce (Janet McTeer). READ MORE: Ozark theory: Will the Byrdes ever face justice? Actor Bonilla said he had never expected to make to nearly the end of the final season, describing it as “awesome in every way”. Nelson’s victims have included Helen, Cade Langmore (Trevor Long) and Ben Davis (Tom Pelphrey), among many others. Many of Nelson’s kills elicited a big reaction from the Ozark fanbase, particularly Ben whose death occurred offscreen. Fans were left in a spin about the murder with some believing Nelson had allowed the teacher to escape despite his kill order. All of this speculation was finally put to bed in season four when Ben’s death was finally shown with Pelphrey returning to shoot the scenes. Bonilla said: “Nelson was unique in the sense that he got to visit and kill off some of the most interesting characters on the show and he did it with a poised and stoic demeanour. I did feel a little bad for Sue. She was a good listener.” Anyone interested in the actor can follow him on Twitter @NelsonBX13 or Instagram @nelsonbx13 Ozark is streaming on Netflix now