British tennis icon Andy Murray praised his movement on the clay court after he stunned Denis Shapovalov to set up a blockbuster clash with World No. 1 Novak Djokovic in the quarter-finals of the Madrid Open. It will mark the first time Murray has faced the Serb in five years, when the Brit sat atop the world rankings. After brilliantly defeating Dominic Thiem - who has made his long-awaited comeback from injury - in the first round, Murray followed it up with another impressive display against the Canadian. The Scot secured the win with a 6-1 3-6 6-2 victory in two hours and nine minutes Murray - currently the World No. 78 - decided to go back on his decision to skip the entire clay-court season after being handed a wild card for Madrid. He has been training on the surface for four weeks and it paid dividends as the three-time Grand Slam champion broke Shapovalov’s serve twice to take the opening set in just 36 minutes. The 34-year-old put pressure on Shapovalov's serve in the fifth game of the second set, but he failed to capitalise on a pair of break points and was broken for the first time as he slipped to 5-2 down. The Canadian held serve to level the match after one hour and 25 minutes of play. READ MORE: Novak Djokovic snubs Roger Federer for 'greatest rival' Rafael Nadal The deciding set went with serve until the fifth game, before Murray took his first break point of the set to edge ahead 4-2. The British No.3 held again for 5-2 and went 40-0 ahead on Shapovalov's serve before taking the impressive win on his third match point. The win marked Murray’s first back-to-back victories since the Sydney International back in January, and he is projected to rise to No. 74 in the world rankings. He admitted he is pleased with his improved movement ahead of the clash with Djokovic. “I trained very hard the past four or five weeks and got my game in good shape,” Murray said. “My movement has been so much better than where it was at the beginning of the year and it makes a huge difference to my whole game. It allows me to make different decisions on the court. DON'T MISSRaducanu suffers Madrid heartache as Brit loses thriller to KalininaBoris Becker's ex-wife gives update on tennis icon in jail Djokovic 'getting back to old self' as Nadal fired French Open warning “My movement won me that match tonight. I defended so many points. He has so much power and I managed to defend lots of points and that won the match for me, so I was really happy with that.” Murray’s win over the World No. 14 means he will face Djokovic in the last-16 of the Madrid tournament. The two men have known each other since they competed in their youth and have faced one other 36 times in their professional career - including seven Grand Slam finals. Djokovic beat Gael Monfils 6-3 6-2 in his second-round match after being he was awarded a bye in the opening round. It was his 18th successive win over Monfils, the most by any player over another in the Open era.