Fabinho's wife, Rebeca Tavares, has taken a brutal swipe at Manchester City after Liverpool were given a warm welcome upon returning from their Champions League final defeat to Real Madrid. It was an impressive show of solidarity from Reds fans who had to settle for two trophies this season, despite being in contention to scoop up four just over a week ago. Prospects of Premier League glory fell away in the last 15 minutes of the season's final match as City staged an enthralling comeback against Aston Villa to snatch the title. The Reds' win over Wolves would have been enough to edge ahead in the nick of time, but three goals in less than six minutes kept Pep Guardiola's men on top by a single point. And Jurgen Klopp's Champions League bid was not to be either. Real Madrid capped off a miraculous European campaign by defying the odds yet again, as Vinicius Jr's goal and Thibaut Courtois' heroics won it for Los Blancos 1-0 on an eventful night in Paris. But Liverpool fans still showed support upon the squad's return home, and Tavares pounced on an opportunity to rub it in City's faces and take aim at their UAE-based ownership. JUST IN: Newcastle 'won't hesitate to get chequebook out' for star Tottenham have scouted "We are Liverpool, this means more!" she wrote on social media. "See you next season, red family. Thank you for your support. There are just some things oil can’t buy," adding: "My hobby right now is to read haters' comments in my tweets. THE TRUTH HURTS!!!!" Fabinho was a mainstay at the base of Liverpool's midfield last season, and it was his best in front of goal too with five in the Premier League. Injury issues blighted his build-up to Sunday's final, but he was still deemed fit enough to complete the 90 minutes on a tough night in Paris. DON'T MISS...Chelsea and two other Big Six teams will be glad to see the back of Sadio ManeErik ten Hag learns Man Utd transfer 'budget' and will get extra if four are soldArsenal have four players Bayern Munich may accept in Serge Gnabry swap deal Having gone in as favourites to collect their third trophy of the campaign, and complete what would have been a sensational treble, Liverpool players were understandably devastated after the final whistle crowned Los Blancos European champions. Klopp was no exception, but he rallied his troops during an emotional interview and boldly predicted that they will come again next season. "It's not bad to get to the final," he told BT Sport."That's already kind of success. It's not the success we want to have, but I have a strong feeling that we will come again. The boys are really competitive, we have an outstanding group together and we will have [the same] again next year. Where is the final next year? Istanbul? Book the hotel." The German was similarly upbeat during the open-top bus celebrations in Liverpool, shouting: "This is the best club in the world. To lose the Champions League final the night before and have people arrive here in this mood is absolutely outstanding. I don't care what other people think." Club captain Jordan Henderson added: "We weren't quite sure what to expect when we came on the bus. Disappointed with last night and how the season ended, but the lads have given everything, and it's the least we can do to say thankyou to the fans. [Their support] means a lot."