Das Boot season three makes its debut on Sky Atlantic on May 15. The German drama's latest instalment is set in the spring of 1943 when submarines are being prepared for use in Kiel. Newcomer Elisa Schlott teased what can be expected from her character, Greta. Das Boot will continue to follow the tense struggles of the young U-boat crew as they engage in the Battle of the Atlantic. At the same time, they are being hunted by an obsessed Royal Navy Commander in a thrilling cat-and-mouse chase. The drama will take viewers to Northern Germany’s Kiel, the major naval base of the German Reich, for the first time in the series. The U-boat crew are sent on a dangerous mission to the Southern Hemisphere under the command of Robert Ehrenberg (played by Franz Dinda). While he discovers family bonds he thought he’d lost forever, new character Greta could bring trouble. READ MORE: TalkTV's James Max shocked as caller cuts off heating to save money Speaking to Express.co.uk, Elisa Schlott teased: "I play a young mother and she has a husband who comes back from the war very traumatised. "She has to take care of him and her daughter. She falls in love with a submarine commander and she finds herself in a moral dilemma. "The main storyline is between her and the commander who lost his family and feels loss for the first time in a long time, and she is his love interest." The new character will be forced to choose between her head and her heart in this new love triangle. While it is her duty to take care of her traumatised husband, she cannot help the feelings she is experiencing for another man. She may be the one to break up a number of relationships if she makes the wrong decision. Expanding on the vital role her character plays this season, Elisa said: "I was presenting the goals of women. "Women have much responsibility and pressure in war and have to keep society functioning. "They are very important for society to function...as men are away fighting." The actress stressed she wanted the audience to understand the crucial role of women during wartime through her portrayal of Greta. DON'T MISS... Tom Cruise jibes at James Corden after quitting Late Show [DISCUSSION] The Rising’s Emily Taaffe on ‘strange’ scenes with on-screen daughter [INTERVIEW] Devils on Sky: Russia-Ukraine war will be included in season 3 [INSIGHT] This season marks the star's first-ever international series and she described it as a thrilling experience. As for what else fans can expect from the new season, Anna Schudt has joined the cast as Bettina Gruber. She is a powerful character who is not afraid of the war and is focused on getting what she wants. British star Ray Stevenson has also come on board as British naval commander Jack Swinburne. Formerly a captain in the merchant marines, he is now in command of HMS Perseverance. Following the death of his son in a German submarine attack, the one thing on his mind is revenge. Marcus Ammon, executive producer, said of the latest season: "Das Boot keeps reinventing itself and illuminates the most diverse facets of war. "In the third season, too, the series kidnaps the spectators to several spectacular locations: to the home front in Kiel, to neutral Lisbon and to a duel between a German submarine and a British destroyer.”  Das Boot season 3 airs on Sky Atlantic on Sunday, May 15.