Countries across the globe are scrambling to quell the latest shortage of baby formula in the US, but issues of a different nature are arising in the UK. Although the nation hasn’t been affected by the supply issues, experts are concerned the cost of living crisis could incite parents to water down their baby's formula. The habit, experts have warned, could have life-threatening consequences for infants. The latest shortages in the US were sparked by the closures of the nation’s largest manufacturing plants, due to contamination. As American parents weather the crisis, costs of living have soared in the UK, leaving many unable to afford their newborn's formula. A report published in Insider has rung the alarm over the risks of diluting baby formula, warning it could trigger life-threatening convulsions in babies. This occurs when babies who drink a surplus of water develop water intoxication. READ MORE: US plunged into dangerous formula crisis as babies now hospitalised for malnutrition The report states watering down volume creates an imbalance in electrolytes, which causes sodium levels to drop. The eventual outcome of this is a decrease in the blood volume, which causes dangerously low blood pressure circulating oxygen in babies. A shortfall of sodium in the blood can interfere with neural activity, which may cause signs of irritability, drowsiness and other mental changes. Low body sodium is common in older adults, with signs and symptoms including alternated personal and confusion. DON'T MISS: Fatty liver: The sweetener known to cause scarring of the liver [INFORMER] Dementia: If you ‘crave’ three foods you may have dementia [INSIGHT] High blood pressure: The smell 'frequently' reported among patients [INSIGHT] Hyponatremia, the medical term for low concentrations of sodium in the blood, can cause seizures, coma and death in severe cases. Doctor Orwais Durrani, rang the alarm after seeing a rise in lethargic babies showing up to emergency rooms. He told Insider: "A formula is essentially regulated as closely as any prescribed medication when it comes to the ingredients it to make sure a baby’s kidneys are developing, their liver, their electrolytes - everything else is in a very fine balance. “They’re not as resilient as an adult who might be out in the sun for 12 hours and get dehydrated - we’ll still be OK for the most part, but for a baby, that’s not the case. “Each electrolyte, each component, each mineral in that formula is very important.” In previous reports, the physician had warned against homemade formulas using cow’s milk, or goat milk, stating any form of non-human milk is ill-advised for newborns. “Please don’t use any of those other options because that can lead to life-threatening issues,” added Doctor Durrani. Other plant-based milk - with the exception of soy milk for older babies - lacks the nutrition babies need. The website Healthy Children explains: “Formula that is diluted with too much water can cause serious health and development problems for your baby. “It is also important to use clean water for a safe source free of bacteria or other microorganisms that may cause disease, and low in certain minerals and contaminants that may be harmful.” According to the health platform, the formula typically comes in thee forms; powdered, concentrated liquid and ready-to-feed formula. “If you use infant formula for your baby, no matter which form, be sure to follow directions closely,” adds the health body. It continues: “It has also important to use clean water for a safe source free of bacteria or other microorganisms that may cause disease, and low in certain minerals and contaminants that may be harmful.”