Amanda Holden gave an insight into her marriage with husband Chris Hughes in an unearthed interview. From bouncing naked together on the trampoline after jokey dares to enjoying a "primal" love life, the Britain's Got Talent judge certainly hasn't lost the spark in her relationship. "He can’t keep his hands off me... [he's] up for it any time!" she revealed candidly. "I actually tell him off because I say ‘I don’t want to have a kiss and a grope while I’m trying to load the dishwasher," she joked. The talent judge added to The Sun that romantic moments are on her terms and always when she decides - but she acknowledges that Chris is a "great kisser". She also admitted that she loves impromptu stripping sessions at home. READ NOW: Amber Heard's low-cut charity event dress she says sparked fury shown "It's absolutely par for the course for me to walk around with no clothes on in our house," she joked to You Magazine. "I was quite literally the Naked Chef." Last year, Amanda cheekily confessed that she enjoys jumping naked on their daughters' trampoline, usually after taking up dares and challenges from Chris. She later told listeners of her Heart FM breakfast show: "I would encourage anyone at home to strip off and have a cheeky bounce!" Speaking about lockdown, Amanda and Chris enjoyed seductive meals away from the rest of the family by sneaking into their camper van for late-night rendezvous. The couple tied the knot at Somerset members club Babington House in 2008. Amanda was previously married to Les Dennis for eight years but the couple divorced in 2003. She recalled that something "primitive" was sparked within her the instant she first met record producer Chris - and she hasn't looked back since. DON'T MISS... Nicole Kidman, 54, looks almost unrecognisable in make-up free photo [PHOTOS] Richard Gere, 72, looks loved up with third wife Alejandra Silva, 39 [INSIGHT] Andrea McLean watches Met Gala from afar as she turns up uninvited [LATEST]  After almost 20 years of dating - and almost 14 years of marriage - they remain as loved up as ever. The 51-year-old takes care to keep her appearance fresh too. "My nan Ethel used to tell me: 'Never let your husband see you without lipstick'" she once shared. "I'm very mindful of how I look... [especially] as I get photographed every day."  That was clear when she made headlines during the 2020 lockdown for taking her bins out while dressed in a sparkly pink floor-length ballgown. Amanda joked on Instagram at the time that she wanted to get dressed up - even if she had nowhere special to go. However, she acknowledges that it's not just about good looks.  She has admitted that the mental connection she has with her husband is also crucial, revealing that the best recipe for a happy marriage is often "laughter".