Members of the Royal Family have traditionally marked special occasions including weddings, birthdays and jubilees by gathering on the Buckingham Palace balcony. During the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations next month the Firm is expected to make an appearance on the iconic balcony following the Trooping of the Colour to watch a traditional RAF fly-past on June 2. However, the Queen’s appearance on the balcony is at risk following recent mobility issues, with the 96-year-old having been forced to miss out on several recent engagements due to her health. Her Majesty’s latest withdrawal from Buckingham Palace’s summer garden parties and her absence from the state opening of Parliament have added to concerns about whether she will be able to attend events from June 2 to 5 to celebrate her Platinum Jubilee. A royal source told the Daily Mail last week: “It could still happen, but it is by no means guaranteed that we will see the Queen on the balcony during the Jubilee.” Royal aides are said to be putting together a “Plan B” for the celebrations next month if the Queen is too frail. In a set of bumper polls that ran from midday on Friday, May 6, to 3pm on Tuesday, May 10, Express.co.uk asked readers’ opinions on whether the Platinum Jubilee balcony event should go ahead without the Queen, and whether Meghan Markle, Prince Harry and Prince Andrew should be allowed to make an appearance. First, Express.co.uk asked: “Should the Platinum Jubilee balcony go ahead without the Queen?” This question was answered by 7,923 readers with a small majority of 52 percent (4,148 people) answering “no”, the Platinum Jubilee balcony appearance should not go ahead without the Queen. Meanwhile, 43 percent (3,406 people) said “yes” and just five percent (469 people) said they did not know either way. Buckingham Palace announced on Friday that the Queen will be joined on the balcony on June 2 only by “members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties”. This effectively rules out Prince Andrew from making an appearance as well as Prince Harry, Meghan Markle and their children. The move reflects the Queen’s principle that there will not be “half-in, half-out” royals. Next, Express.co.uk asked: “Should Meghan and Harry make a balcony appearance?” Harry and Meghan confirmed that they would visit the UK for the Jubilee with their two children, Archie, three, and Lilibet, 11 months. The couple were said to be “excited and honoured to attend the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations”. They are expected to attend events classed as family occasions like the service of thanksgiving at St Paul Cathedral on June 3. Of the 7,946 people who responded to this question, an overwhelming majority of 97 percent (7,668 people) said “no”, Meghan and Harry should not make a balcony appearance. Just three percent (240 people) said “yes” and 38 people said they did not know. Andrew, meanwhile, stepped down from royal duties in the wake of his now-settled out of court civil sexual assault case brought against him by Virginia Giuffre in the US, allegations the Duke vehemently denies. The settlement, his lawyers said, is not an admission of guilt. Andrew, and his daughters Beatrice and Eugenie, are still allowed to attend other events during the Jubilee celebrations such as the Jubilee Lunch and thanksgiving service. Then, Express.co.uk asked: “Should Prince Andrew make a balcony appearance?” This question gathered 7,886 votes with the dominant response obtaining 89 percent (7,056 people) of votes cast being “no”, Andrew should not make a balcony appearance. A further eight percent (608 people) answered “yes” and three percent (222 people) said they did not know. DON'T MISS:Platinum Jubilee quiz questions and answers - test your knowledge [QUIZ]Queen's mobility issues 'bring her down', Levin warns [VIDEO]Queen knew Prince Harry would 'want out' ahead of shock exit [INSIGHT]  Many readers in the comments agreed that the balcony should not go ahead if the Queen is not able to make an appearance. Username teacups said: “It would break my heart to see the balcony gathering – but without the Queen. This is HER jubilee. No one else has given their entire life into service of their country for the length of time and continuity Her Majesty has. “This balcony moment is totally and utterly the Queen's. If she is unable to be present, we should be deeply respectful of that and there should be no balcony presence at all.” While username MrsMitchell commented: “No Queen, no balcony.” Others commented that they would like to see the Queen make an appearance in a wheelchair like username David in Vancouver who said: “Rather see Her Majesty in a wheelchair than not at all.” And username BristolGal0629 said: “I'm sure Her Majesty will do everything in her power to be on the balcony even if she has an adapted chair to sit on to wave to the crowds. “I have every confidence in her to keep her word to a lifetime of service.” Some thought the balcony should go ahead even though it would be “sad” to see the Queen absent. Username JanetWCQ1958 said: “It will be sad if Her Majesty isn't able to appear on the Balcony but I'm not giving up hope. “I'm equally delighted that she has decided that the ex-working royals and non-working royals won't be there.” Another, username petitprintemps said: “The queen is only the head of the monarchy. It's teamwork. Without the support of the rest of the family, the queen is nothing. “Even if the Queen is absent on the balcony, the rest of the working royals can still represent the Queen and her reign.”