The cost of living crisis is impacting millions of people at the moment and many people will be cutting back on nights out and entertainment as a way to save money. However, households can still enjoy the occasional treat. Which? has shared its top tips for how to cut the cost of enjoying a restaurant meal - whether you prefer going out or staying at home. “Joining some chain restaurants' own clubs or mailing lists can save a lot of money,” Which? explained. “These tend to be free to sign up for via email, and are run by large chains such as Gourmet Burger Kitchen and Pizza Express. “Customers on a company's mailing list often get details of special deals sent straight to their inbox as soon as they are launched. “For example, Which? found Pizza Express offered a 35 percent discount for a local restaurant when we tried signing up.” “Loyalty schemes and dining clubs can give diners discounts of up to 50 percent off at participating restaurants,” the experts said. “Tastecard and Gourmet Society both offer a free 90-day trial, meaning customers could get free restaurant discounts for six months by trialling them back to back. “Both can be used at more than 6,000 restaurants in the UK.” READ MORE: Three easy tips to save money on your weekly food shop “Many restaurants offer vouchers online, for example, Pizza Express regularly runs two-for-one deals on main courses,” the report revealed. “Consumers can also check newspapers for vouchers. There are also a number of websites, such as VoucherCodes and HotUKDeals, that post deals and discount codes regularly. “It can be worth checking daily deal websites, such as Groupon and Wowcher, for restaurant offers too,” Which? commented. “Some companies recruit mystery shoppers to eat and drink in pubs, cafes and restaurants - often large chains,” the consumer expert revealed. “Mystery diners are usually paid or gifted the cost of the meal in return for an honest review of their experience. “Usually, all that’s required is visiting the restaurant being researched, following ordering instructions, and then filing a report.” DON'T MISS...Queen Letizia of Spain wears all pink outfit for latest appearance [PICTURES]Laundry tips: Correct way to fold socks - step by step guide [VIDEO]How to look younger: Eyebrow shape to avoid or risk the face ‘ageing’ [EXPERT] “If dining out as a family, it is worth checking if nearby restaurants offer discounts for children,” the consumer website said. “Many restaurants and cafes run ‘kids eat free’ offers during the school holidays.” Which? found several popular chains offered discounts for children at certain times, including Bella Italia, The Real Greek, and Morrisons Cafe. Establishments that serve alcohol are required by law to give customers free tap water. Which? found that some restaurants charge more than £3.50 for a bottle of mineral water, so people who eat out twice a month could save almost £100 a year by switching to tap. “The price of alcoholic drinks can quickly rack up and make up a big portion of the final bill,” the consumer expert said. “Diners could cut this expense by bringing their own alcohol to one of the nation's many BYOB restaurants. “Which? previously found that on average, restaurants mark up the price of wine by 167 percent. “A typical bottle of house wine starts from around £15, whereas an equivalent bottle from a supermarket can be found from £5 - though some BYOB restaurants may charge a small corkage fee. “Customers can search online for nearby BYOB restaurants, or check the Wine-Pages BYOB directory for listings.” Looking to order a takeaway? Which? found  it’s often cheaper to order food directly from a restaurant, rather than through an app delivery service such as Deliveroo or Just Eat. The investigation looked at the price difference between ordering via popular delivery apps and found one meal that cost £11.62 more from an app than it did from the restaurant. Natalie Hitchins, Which? Home and Services Editor, said: “The cost of living crisis is putting a huge strain on household budgets and many people are looking to cut down on their spending. “However, there are plenty of ways to save money if you still want to treat yourself with the occasional meal out or takeaway. “There are always discounts and vouchers to be found, especially at popular chains. “It’s worth signing up to mailing lists to get the best deals delivered straight to your inbox. “Don’t spend more than you have to on extras such as mineral water, and consider dining at one of the many BYOB restaurants to cut the cost of alcohol.”