During a sit-down interview with NBC’s Hoda Kotb last month, Prince Harry gave insight into his relationships with members of the Royal Family. The Duke spoke fondly of his reunion with the Queen, but failed to mention his meeting with Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. He later dodged a question about whether he missed his father and his older brother, Prince William, suggesting that a rift between the princes still existed. Harry has previously gone against the Queen’s age-old mantra: ‘Never explain, never complain,’ when he opened up on his experiences and feelings about the Royal Family during a tell-all interview with Oprah Winfrey. He told the US chat show host that his reason for leaving the Firm was because of a “lack of support and lack of understanding”. The prince went on to say that his father and brother were “trapped” within the monarchy. Harry’s history of revealing sensitive family information has reportedly provoked concerns within the Firm, particularly because the Duke is set to publish a tell-all memoir. Now, Tina Brown, author of the new book ‘The Palace Papers’, has claimed that the Duke’s memoir is going to be “very harsh”. Speaking to Washington Post Live last month, she said: “I'm told it's [the book] going to be very harsh. “I am told it's going to be a harsh book because he's anxious to quote, you know, "tell his truth." Harry’s “intimate and heartfelt” memoir is expected to be published later this year. The Duke will share “mistakes and lessons learned” during his life and will reflect on “the highs and lows”. He also said the contents of the book will be “accurate and wholly truthful”. When announcing the project last summer, he said: "I'm writing this not as the prince I was born but as the man I have become." According to Ms Brown, Harry’s announcement was a “huge issue” for the Royal Family. DON'T MISS:Queen's Speech time: How to watch Prince Charles open Parliament [INSIGHT]Charles ‘teetering on the edge’ of major role [ANALYSIS]A look at three royal residences the Queen loves [PICTURES] She said: “Harry's announcement that he's also going to do, you know, a tell-all memoir coming out this September was just a huge issue for the whole family. “It's like, they have it now hanging over them like the sword of Damocles that come the fall, they're gonna get another boatload, you know, of flak from inside their own family just at a point when the monarchy is very fragile with the Queen, you know, on a glide path to the end of her life. “So, there's a lot of anger about that, in some ways.” The publication of the book comes amid celebrations for the Queen, Harry’s grandmother. Her Majesty is celebrating reigning for 70 years and she is the first British monarch to have reached this impressive milestone. The Platinum Jubilee celebrations will culminate in a special four-day weekend next month. Richard Fitzwilliams, royal commentator and PR expert, told Express.co.uk that it is the “wrong year” for Harry to publish his memoir and that the focus should solely be on the Queen. He said: “The idea that Harry is publishing a memoir, I think, has potential problems — serious potential problems. “It’s the wrong year for it — commercial considerations like that which will involve serialisation linked to the Platinum Jubilee — this is a special year in royal history; the focus should be on the Queen.” However, Omid Scobie, co-author of ‘Finding Freedom’, has claimed that Harry wants his book to celebrate the monarch and her reign. Speaking on an episode of Royally Obsessed in March, he said: “Harry really is going out of his way to make sure that there isn’t material in there [the book] that can be seen as negative towards the Queen or her reign in any way whatsoever, and he really wants to celebrate her life and his relationship with her in that book. “I think as much as the press want this to be a burn book and an attack on the institution, this is more just about his story, and of course his story is so much more than just the few years of his life as the Duke of Sussex. “I think for people expecting that warts and all moment, it’s not going to happen. That said, it’s still going to be fascinating.”