The Scottish-born Australian singer’s journey to success hasn’t been straightforward. In a new interview, the 71-year-old described early difficulties when trying to build his career, including the time he fled for home jobless after a failed attempt at entering showbiz. He also admitted he has had mental health difficulties but argued it’s a natural part of the “human condition”. Young first left his home in Sydney and job in the metal sheet industry to make a name for himself in the music world. Talking to New Idea, Young revealed he was forced back home to Sydney where his family lived, with only 15 cents in his pocket. But soon enough a surprise telegram arrived at his home, inviting him to audition for the Australian version of Andrew Lloyd Webber’s Jesus Christ Superstar. This show was the platform he would use as his platform to eventually become an international pop star. READ MORE: Four ways taking dietary supplements can prove 'life-threatening' - FDA issues warning But Young talked about how performing didn’t come naturally. He also explained that he has felt down at times. “I never, ever had aspirations to be on stage,” he said and explained that he was petrified in early videos of his performances. The advocate for mental health also said to the interviewer: “Absolutely, I’ve been down sometimes.” He also claimed people who say they’ve never been depressed are lying and that it is “part of the human condition”. DON'T MISSHigh cholesterol: The 'serious' signs in your legs [INSIGHT]B12 deficiency: Dr Sara warns of 'irreversible' consequences [ADVICE]High cholesterol: Three smelly symptoms to spot [TIPS] For people suffering from depression, Young said it’s nothing to worry about and remarked there are "marvellous" places to go to receive support. “Lifeline and places like that are marvellous at what they do,” he said about the Australian mental health support line. In the UK, there are also free helplines for people suffering from mental health issues. The Samaritans are available 24 hours a day at 116 123. Common mental health conditions, such as depression and anxiety, have complex causes. The charity Age UK explains that they “can happen for no obvious reason” but may be set in motion by difficult life events or environmental changes. The time of the year, poor health, and financial issues are just a few issues that can trigger depression. Everybody will experience difficulties that may bring their mood down but only people who show persistent symptoms of depression for weeks or months will be diagnosed with the condition. The symptoms of depression, according to the NHS include: If you are concerned about somebody close to you who you think might have depression, it’s important to “reassure your loved one that it’s OK to ask for help”, states the charity Mind. It also recommends being open about difficult emotions with friends and family members.