The massive vessel, which can carry up to 40 military aircraft, arrived in the stretch of water on the England's south coast on Sunday, May 15, and is understood to have departed again just a few hours later. HMS Queen Elizabeth had been expected to pass the the Nab Tower and move to C-ANCHORAGE, according to the shipping movements. This also showed she would remain anchored while a boat transfer takes place at some point during the afternoon. At 9.15pm, the flagship vessel was listed to move by the Nab Tower and be back out to sea. A Royal Navy spokesman said the anchorage is close to Stokes Bay in Gosport, so the best visibility would have been from that area. On Twitter, the HMS Queen Elizabeth account shared two images taken by onlookers of the huge ship in the Solent on Sunday. It wrote alongside this: "Thank you to our Twitter followers who took to their cameras. "Some beautiful images of the Fleet Flagship in the Solent." Several people took to the popular social media platform to praise the sight of the "beautiful" flagship back on home shores again. Twitter user "Lt Col Kilgore" (@MactheVikingar): "She sure is easy on the eyes." "Aaron_the_Humanist" (@aaron_humanist) said: "Truly fantastic, loving that beach shot." READ MORE: RAF ‘ready to defend airspace’ as jets moved to Yorkshire Fellow Twitter user Erik Brock (@EBrock1972) added: "She is a beautiful ship." Earlier this month, HMS Queen Elizabeth returned to sea to take part in a series of training exercises. The account wrote: "Over the next few weeks we will be working and training hard to ensure we remain #GlobalModernReady." During the early part of this year, after returning home to Portsmouth last December, HMS Queen Elizabeth completed a number of training exercises throughout the UK. DON'T MISSBrexit LIVE: 'Simply wrong' Lord Frost slams Irish premier over attack [BLOG]Met Office weather warning as thunderstorms to smash Britain [LATEST]'Barrel load' of Leave voters abandon Boris as party 'weakened' [COMMENTS] She was spotted sailing up the Firth of Clyde for only the second time since her launch eight years earlier in 2014. This was then followed by a five-day stop in Liverpool, before she returned home to Portsmouth. Earlier this month, she left the south coast city but shipping movements show she is back in the sea near Hampshire. Last year, the mammoth vessel embarked on her maiden voyage, with trips to countries including South Korea and India. The deployment, which lasted nearly seven months, saw the ship and her crew visit a range of other locations. HMS Queen Elizabeth is described by the Royal Navy as the "largest and most powerful vessel ever constructed" for it. As well has having state-of-the-art weaponry and communications systems, the flagship vessel's flight deck measures a huge four acres. The Royal Navy said it will be used to launch the "fearsome new F35 Joint Strike Fighter fast jet". Four fighter jets can be moved from the hangar to the flight deck in just one minute. The ship’s two propellers weigh 33 tonnes each. The powerplant behind them generates enough power to run 1000 family cars.