The cost of living crisis has caused British bill payers to scrutinise their monthly outgoings more than ever before. As energy bills go through the roof due to the price cap rise in April, and a further one expected in October, energy experts at Boiler Central have outlined which of your appliances are guzzling the most energy. Experts at Boiler Central estimate your boiler costs you approximately 1p every five minutes - and while that doesn’t seem like much, it certainly adds up. There are ways you can save on your boiler, however - during the warmer months, you should only have it on its hot water setting, as central heating is rarely needed. You can also avoid using a timer system, as this can often put the heating on when you don’t need it or aren’t a home. READ MORE: Experts at Boiler Central estimate your boiler costs you approximately 1p every five minutes - and while that doesn’t seem like much, it certainly adds up. There are ways you can save on your boiler, however - during the warmer months, you should only have it on its hot water setting, as central heating is rarely needed. You can also avoid using a timer system, as this can often put the heating on when you don’t need it or aren’t a home. Having a dishwasher is more water efficient than washing up by hand, but it’s still one of the most energy-consuming appliances in your home. The energy use is likely three higher though in households with multiple children, where several loads of dishes are done every day. Wiser use of dishwashers can cut one load a day and reflect well on your monthly utilities for both energy and water. DON'T MISSBP plans £18 billion investment as profits surge [REPORT]Energy bills: ‘Easy adjustments’ on appliances to save ‘over a £1,000' [EXPLAINER]Millions of homes have 'insulation age' of 1976 or older [INSIGHT] On average, using your oven will set you back £9.36 per month - but this can be a lot more if you’re a passionate cook or baker. Relatively cheap in comparison to the top energy guzzling appliances, but your washing machine will still cost you around £6.86 a month. Using lower temperatures is the best way to keep your washing costs down. For lightly soiled clothes, 30 degrees is warm enough to kill bacteria and keep your clothes smelling and looking fresh.