State pension payments are not the only form of support pensioners can receive. Pension Credit is designed to support people above retirement age who are on a low income. Currently, over 1.4 million pensioners in Britain are in receipt of Pension Credit. However, many are still missing out, and it is thought some £1.7billion has been left unclaimed. The Government is taking steps to promote the take-up of Pension Credit to help older people, which it says can be worth £3,300. The DWP will be distributing leaflets, and reminding state pensioners about the payment to help people claim the amount they are entitled to. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak ‘poised to swoop’ with 55% tax on pension saving breach Caroline Abrahams, Charity Director at Age UK, said: “Pension Credit can make a big difference if you’ve reached state pension age and haven’t got much money coming in. “With prices rising rapidly at the moment it’s more important than ever to claim what’s rightfully yours. “We urge any older person who thinks they may be eligible to put in a claim. “Pension Credit is something of a well kept secret - many people have simply not heard of it. DON'T MISSPension savers could ‘benefit’ from rising interest rates [EXCLUSIVE]WASPI woman caring for brother-in-law slams state pension sum [ANALYSIS]WASPI widow, 66, faces 'dire' circumstances as energy bills soar [INSIGHT] “That’s a real shame because at Age UK we see how much it helps those who actually receive it. “Pension Credit is really important for older people and deserves to be much better known.” Recently, pension experts have issued a rallying call to find 850,000 households missing out on the payment. The new ‘Pension Credit - it’s for you!’ campaign has been spearheaded by pension veteran Henry Tapper, and expert Gareth Morgan. The pair hope to encourage the DWP to automate the process so that Pension Credit is paid alongside the state pension to eligible individuals. Henry Tapper, Chair of Pension Playpen, said: “Around one in three eligible households are currently being failed. “These people are missing out on £1.7billion of much needed, unclaimed ‘free money’ that is Pension Credit. With the current cost of living crisis, the sense of urgency couldn’t be greater. “Who are these people?  That’s what we plan to find out. Many will have no idea that Pension Credit even exists. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “Many are women. Some may be income poor and housing rich and feel they won’t be eligible, but you can’t buy a sausage with a brick.” The campaign has been welcomed by the DWP who are getting behind the matter. Pensions Minister Guy Opperman is looking into what the private sector can do to accelerate the take-up of the benefit. Britons can apply for Pension Credit online, by phone or by post. They are likely to need the following information to hand: