Chinook copter Bravo November smashed into the sea at 120mph after being hit by a blizzard, but somehow managed to get back into the air. The pilot was Sqn Ldr Dick Langworthy, who won the Distinguished Flying Cross for his courage at the controls. He died from a heart attack in 1983. Now, for the first time, his three surviving crew-mates - co-pilot Andy Lawless, now 64, and aircrew Tom Jones, 80, and Gary Rogan, 64 - have all spoken about the escape. And a never-before-seen picture of the shaken crew just a few hours after they survived the impact is published for the first time in the Daily Express today. Andy, who has retired to Glasgow, described the moment of impact. He said: "We hit a snow shower, the goggles whited out. Dick tried to pull the aircraft up but almost immediately there was a bang and a flash. I thought we had been hit by some sort of weapon, but then sea water came up and over the windscreen like a bow wave. The controls went totally rigid, they were frozen solid, you could not move them. "But the engines spooled back up and the aircraft lifted off again. It was like a cork out of a bottle." Gary, now retired and living in Spain, was a 24-year-old crewman in the back of the aircraft at the time. He said: "There was this enormous bang. I mean a heart-stopping noise. I thought, 'Right. This is it, this is us dead.' "The aircraft was wallowing a bit, the same way a skimming stone does as it runs out of power and wallows around a bit just before it sinks. "We skipped, I think, a couple of bounces and all of a sudden the engines picked up again as if they had been given a big gulp of water, they gasped a bit and then started to respond to the fuel that was going in. "The rotor rpm came back and we started to pull away from the ground." Tom, who lives in Sussex and is married to Dame Vera Lynn's daughter Virginia, said: "The co-pilot had jettisoned his door and was about to jump out. I had opened the hatch so that Gary and I could get out of there. "We were all for jumping out. The engines reignited and the speed of the rotors both fore and aft picked up and we were able to fly out of the situation and head back. No damage to the aircraft whatsoever." Bravo November had flown down Mount Kent, East Falkland, on the night of May 30, 1982. The heavy-lift aircraft had delivered artillery guns to the SAS under fire and was returning to base at high speed and low level when the blizzard struck. Instead of exploding, the Chinook ploughed along the sea like a 12-ton skimming stone as seawater surged into the engine intakes, before the aircraft popped out of the ocean. The crew were able to return to their base unhurt and with almost no damage to the Chinook. The aircraft was nicknamed "the survivor" and went on to have a 40-year flying career, during which it became one of the most decorated in RAF history. Tom added: "It is such a remarkable aircraft. We all came to believe that there was something special about it, that it had an ability to look after us and keep us safe."