Actress and royal enthusiast Dame Joan Collins commemorated the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee on Monday morning ahead of her appearance at the Parade in Central London on Sunday, June 5. Not only did she divulge her teenage crush on Prince Philip, but Joan also confirmed she had a scrapbook of royal newspaper clippings, which was sadly stolen from her. On Monday morning’s edition of Good Morning Britain, Joan recalled her obsession with toyal fashion and keeping track of the Queen and Prince Philip in a personal scrapbook. “I had a scrapbook, I had all her dresses,” she explained. “People were always saying, ‘I wonder what she’s going to wear?’ “And there were pages in all the papers of Norman Hartnell and other dresses. “I cut them all out and put them in the scrapbook, which was stolen from me.” READ MORE: Queen’s Platinum Jubilee viewers slam 'disrespectful' Tom Cruise chat GMB presenter Susanna Reid pressed Joan: “By…?” “Well, it was…” Joan began, before Susanna and Richard Madeley quickly cut her off. “Let’s not libel,” Richard chuckled as Susanna realised her mistake. In the run-up to the Platinum Jubilee, Joan also opened up about how much the Queen and the Royal Family have meant to her since she was a young girl.  “Absolutely,” she confirmed. “She’s been so much a part of everybody’s life. “I mean, even me, since we can remember. I can remember being a little girl, a teenager, and getting terribly excited about the Royal Wedding. “Seeing these pictures of Prince Philip, all of us, suddenly at school, got a major crush on him! “He was better looking than Marlon Brando or Montgomery Clift, the big swoons of the time.” DON'T MISS:Time Traveler’s Wife: Theo James didn’t drop American accent [INSIGHT]The Last Kingdom’s Sigtryggr star teases spin-off [INTERVIEW]Grace and Frankie ending: Crew explains favourite shot of Lily Tomlin [EXCLUSIVE] Next month, the Queen will be celebrating her Platinum Jubilee, which commemorates a record 70 years on the throne. Following some recent concerns for her health, on Sunday 15 she attended the final night of the Royal Windsor Horse Show and was met with a standing ovation. Recalling the several occasions she met the Queen, Joan told Richard and Susanna: “She’s so… I hate to use the word ordinary. “But she’s the sort of person you feel you’re going to have a good old talk with.” “She’s down to Earth,” suggested Susanna, to which Joan agreed: “Oh, yes. “The best conversation I had with her was when we were at Buckingham Palace, it was a charity for RADA, and some students had done a performance of Pygmalion. “We discussed Pygmalion and, in fact, she was drinking out of a glass. I have a picture of her, and it’s the only time I’ve seen her with a glass in her hand. “We had a very good chat about acting and directing and what she thought about Pygmalion and how it was turned into a film. Just a jolly, good old chat.” Joan will be riding in a Jaguar with fellow Dames Arlene Phillips and Lesley Lawson, along with celebrities such as Holly Willoughby and Rick Stein at the upcoming Jubilee Parade. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.