Prince Andrew plans to appear alongside the Queen next month at a special ceremony held at Windsor Castle for Garter Day. Prince Andrew's potential return to the spotlight has troubled Vanity Fair Royal Editor Katie Nicholl who believes the Duke of York should avoid public appearances alongside the Monarch in order to avoid detracting attention from other royals and from the Queen herself. Ms Nicholl told Piers Morgan Uncensored: "The dignified and actually, the respectful thing to do for the Queen and the Royal Family is to bow out gracefully, as gracefully as he possibly can. "This has been a spectacular fall for Andrew who doesn't have his titles, doesn't have his honorary titles, doesn't represent the Queen, doesn't carry out official duties. "I think it's very difficult then to reconcile seeing him on a public stage. I know these events essentially can be seen as private events. The Garter is privately bestowed as the highest the Queen can give, and this is an important one because let's not forgotten, she's investing Camilla. The royal expert added: "This is once again going to detract all of this, just a lot of people be sitting and watching and thinking, why and I know from the American audience that I write for every time the Queen is seen with Andrew, it troubles them. The optics are not good."  Prince Andrew did accompany the Queen at the memorial service for Prince Andrew in Westminster Abbey on Tuesday, March 29. Members of the Royal Family are reported to have lobbied the Queen behind closed doors not to allow Prince Andrew to "overshadow" the service. Richard Palmer told The Royal Round podcast at the time: "My understanding is that this came and went, there was a discussion about it some days earlier and the family thought it had gone away. "Then suddenly at the last minute, I think the day before it reared its head again and members of the family pleaded with the Queen effectively, and said, you know, please don't do this because it will overshadow the event." The Duke has fallen out of favour with senior members of the Royal Family following his civil sexual assault case with Virginia Guiffre which ended with an out-of-court settlement. Prince Andrew stepped back from royal duties in November 2019. Recently surfaced plans for the upcoming Platinum Jubilee have determined that the Buckingham Palace balcony appearance by royals at the end of the Trooping the Colour ceremony will be limited to working members of the family only. British soldiers will perform the Trooping of the Colour on June 2 to mark the beginning of four days of national celebration for the Queen's 70 years on the throne. Her Majesty is said to be"looking forward" to the landmark occasion. A Palace spokesman said: "The Queen is looking forward to the weekend and will be taking part in the celebrations but her presence will not be confirmed until much nearer the time or even on the day itself." The move to limit the members of the Royal Family joining the Monarch will see a total of eighteen people join her on the iconic terrace.