Deborah James, 40, announced on Monday that her active cancer treatment was ending and she was being moved to hospice at home care. Countryfile star Julia Bradbury, 51, has since taken to Instagram to share her "admiration" of the BBC broadcaster for her incredible approach to her cancer journey and raising over £4 million for Cancer Research UK. Julia shared a picture of Deborah on Instagram in view of her 222,000 followers, along with a touching message to Deborah. She penned: "All my love & admiration go to Dame Deborah James @bowelbabe. You want to campaign, you want to raise awareness about cancer, you want to help as many people as you can, you don't want to die. "Dame Deborah has done so much to raise awareness about bowel & other cancers. Despite passing blood, one of the key symptoms of bowel cancer - it was only when she paid for a private colonoscopy - that an 'ugly 5cm tumour' was discovered. "My thoughts & so much love go out to Deborah and her family as they spend their last moments together. Utterly heartbreaking." READ MORE: Johnny Rotten responds to Madonna's NFT art on Piers Morgan show Julia then shared that Deborah had raised over £4 million since Monday, when "she announced she had stopped having treatment". Along with this she provided an excerpt of Deborah's final post, along with the symptoms of bowel cancer and how to spot it to improve "awareness". The symptoms include "bleeding from your bottom and/or blood in your poo; a persistent and unexplained change in bowel habit; unexplained weight loss; extreme tiredness for no obvious reason; a pain or lump in your tummy." Many social media users took to the comments to express their admiration for Deborah and the work she has done to improve cancer awareness. Collinsmichelle2 said: "Such an incredible lady. My heart goes out to her family. "Please everyone, if you have symptoms - go to your GP. If you’re offered screening - take it!!!" Elizabethjanecampbell9 added: "Dame Deborah is truly an inspiration to us all. One very brave, beautiful and lovely lady." Jennyross7707 commented: "My father died of it 17 yrs ago. It's just such a shame that there's still no cure and no easier way of curing this horrible disease even with all the vast amounts of money raised." (sic) DON'T MISS... Julia Fox stuns as she showcases abs in ultra low-rise trousers [PICS] Eamonn Holmes reflects on 'deadly serious' feud with Anthea Turner [COMMENT] James Jordan slams Rebekah Vardy trial expecting 'mental health' claim [OPINION] Julia, herself went public with her breast cancer diagnosis in September last year as she found a 5cm tumour in her breast. Despite undergoing a mastectomy and reconstruction in October, she still doesn't have the all-clear from cancer. Deborah's amazing work has been credited by many, including the Queen as she was honoured with a Damehood. Downing Street announced the news in a press release, which stated: "The Queen has been pleased to approve that the honour of Damehood be conferred upon Deborah James." Prime Minister Boris Johnson said in a statement: "If ever an honour was richly deserved, this is it. Deborah has been an inspiration and her honesty, warmth and courage has been a source of strength to so many people. "Through her tireless campaigning and by so openly sharing her experience she has not only helped in our fight against this terrible disease, she has ensured countless others with the Big C have not felt alone." The Queen's honours are usually announced as part of the New Year Honours or the Queen's Birthday Honours, but they are occasionally given at other times in exceptional circumstances, including when Captain Sir Tom Moore received his knighthood. Deborah began co-presenting You, Me and the Big C alongside Lauren Mahon and BBC Radio 5 Live newsreader Rachael Bland in 2018, with the show earning praise for its frank discussion of cancer. Rachael died at the age of 40, six months after the show launched. She had been diagnosed with breast cancer two years earlier.