Selling Sunset returned to Netflix with its most dramatic season yet as Christine Quinn's feud with her co-stars came to a head. The reunion episode revealed she is no longer a part of The Oppenheim Group. Fans are keen to know how much the TV star was paid during her time on the series. Christine Quinn, 33, remains a fan-favourite on Selling Sunset for her feisty and fierce nature. The fashionista and real estate agent was involved in more explosive rows in the latest season of the reality series. Her former boss Jason Oppenheim said during the reunion special there was not a place for her at The Oppenheim Group right now. Yet the wife and mother-of-one has since confirmed she will return to Selling Sunset despite leaving her role at the brokerage. She has given some insight into how much she earns from being on the TV show. READ MORE: Roxy Shahidi husband: Who's Emmerdale's Leyla Harding star married to? Speaking to Call Her Daddy, she claimed: "I get paid the most. Jason as well. "My entertainment attorney, you know, basically [said] this is my value and I think it’s all about recognizing your worth.” Although she did not reveal an exact figure, she said there are "three different [pay] tiers". According to a study by marketing agency Evoluted, Christine sold $37million (£29.6million) worth of houses in the first three seasons of Selling Sunset, with a total commission of $1,082,400 (£866,000). From the commission, Christine reportedly took home about $811,800 (£650,000). According to Celebrity Net Worth, Christine is worth $1.5 million (£1.2million). However, filmysiyappa.com lists her net worth as $3million (£2.4million) in 2022. Her exact net worth is likely to fall somewhere in between these two figures. Since leaving The Oppenheim Group she has launched her own business called RealOpen. She runs the real estate company alongside her husband, Christian. RealOpen is the first brokerage of its kind to allow anyone to buy a house using cryptocurrency. DON'T MISS... Why did Davina Potratz leave Selling Sunset's Oppenheim Group? [INSIGHT] Who is Selling Sunset star Emma Hernan's ex-fiancé? [EXPLAINER] Selling Sunset: Who is Vanessa Vilella's fiance Nick Hardy? [INSIGHT] The star spoke to Forbes about her latest business venture and why she left The Oppenheim Group. She said: "A lot of brokerages are very wary about accepting crypto because they don’t understand the inner workings of it, so that’s why it’s very difficult for agents to do these transactions. “A) The brokers don’t know anything about crypto, B) Don’t know how to do it, and C) Don’t understand how reliable and how safe it actually is. "The process that RealOpen uses is absolutely reliable and fool-proof.” Christine is listed as the CMO and co-founder of the company. She is listing her own home for sale for $9.25million (£7.5million) or a crypto equivalent with the business. The star has also released her first book, titled How To Be A Boss B***h, on audible. She said on Instagram: "To hear my story in my own voice (literally), head to the link in my bio to get my memoir from @audible right NOW. "I love the audio version because I get to speak directly to you—and YOU are who I wrote this for. Now let’s go get you the life you deserve!" The slogan is "stop apologising for who you are and get the life you want". Selling Sunset seasons 1-5 are on Netflix now.