Mr Bush accidentally condemned the “wholly unjustified and brutal” invasion of Iraq when he meant to say Ukraine during a speech he delivered earlier this week. In light of the blunder gone viral on the internet, GB News panellist Simon Evans claimed that slip of tongue looked almost intentional as if “[Mr Bush] did it deliberately”, pointing out “he had a script in front of him and he was looking down at it” while speaking to the audience. Mr Evans said: “He had a script in front of him there. “He was looking down at it. “It’s almost like he did it deliberately!" He added, “Perhaps the single greatest Freudian slip committed by any ex-president in my lifetime." Another panellist said: “The point is if you hold the grudge, it’s going to get you in the end. “It might be when you’re making a speech in front of important people. Panellist Nick Dixon commented: “It’s the worse possible [slip] he could make The speech GB News panellists refer to took place at an event on elections at the presidential centre in Dallas. During the speech, Mr Bush stressed the importance of democracy and made a connection between the lack of democracy in Russia to the current invasion of Ukraine, saying that it was “the absence of checks and balances in the country and the decision of one man” and that actually gave Putin the green light to attack Ukraine. READ MORE: Falklands row: Queen makes town a city in face of hostility He said: “In contrast, Russian elections are rigged. Political opponents are imprisoned or otherwise eliminated from participating in the electoral process. “The result is an absence of checks and balances in Russia and the decision of one man to launch a wholly unjustified and brutal invasion of Iraq. Then he corrected himself saying: “I mean of Ukraine”. There was murmuring in the audience and, as soon as aware of the mistake, the former US President appear to say “Iraq too” and immediately blame the embarrassing slip of the tongue on his age. DON'T MISS: Macron and Scholz say no! EU passes blame for Brexit row [WATCH]Pelosi issues trade deal warning amid concerns over hated Brexit deal [LISTEN]BBC QT: Bank of England torn apart by panellist over inflation  [INSIGHT] “Anyway, I’m 75”. The audience appeared to burst into laughter in response to the blunder and Mr Bush’s comments. During his presidency, the US launched an invasion of Iraq to overthrow the authoritarian government of Saddam Hussein over allegations of him having acquired biological and nuclear weapons, which were never found. Reports by Iraq Body Count appeared that prolonged conflict led to the killing of hundreds of thousands of people, with a number estimated to amount to 122,438.