Prince Harry and Meghan Markle decided to step down as senior working members of the Royal Family in 2020. Following their departure, the couple moved to the states to live out their desire for a more private and independent life. Speaking on the latest episode of Royally Us, PR expert Lida Citreon discussed Harry and Meghan's post-royal life and warns the couple that "celebrity burden" cannot be changed to "private life'". Ms Citreon said: "It's a choice you have to make, once you open pandora's box, you don't get to shut it and say well, now I want to take my family private. "Now I don't want pictures of me out in public, that's the celebrity burden. She added: "There's all this opportunity with being the celebrity reputation, that you don't have with the royal or the institution but the risk is you don't get to put it back. "You don't get to now tell people that there are things you don't want to talk about, so once you open it, you kind of have to keep going with it". READ MORE: Prince Charles and Camilla's Canada tour cut short by Trudeau 'Slap in face to monarchy' Ms Citreon continued: "That's where it gets really tricky and from a family standpoint, I don't think we can lose sight of the fact that Harry's still part of the family, she [Meghan] married into the family and was initially supposedly welcomed in. "[But] it's still his family and that's got to be emotional". On January 8, 2020, the couple released a statement, via their official Instagram account, that they were going to "step back as ‘senior’ members of the Royal Family". They wanted to "work to become financially independent", whilst "continuing to fully support Her Majesty The Queen". READ MORE: Palace aides 'always thought Harry would leave' as Meghan not to blame for departure They claimed their decision to step down came "after many months of reflection and internal discussions" and that they were now planning on spending their time split "between the United Kingdom and North America". Since their exit, the couple have created controversy with allegations during previous appearances. In March 2021, Prince Harry and Meghan sat down with Oprah Winfrey for a televised tell-all interview. During the interview, the couple made some "bombshell" allegations, including accusing an unnamed member of the family - not the Queen or Duke of Edinburgh - of making a racist comment about their son, Archie. DON'T MISS 'Her memory is incredible' Royal chef lays bare Queen's sharp mind [INSIGHT] 'Loves it in French!' Queen sends menu back if chef makes an error [REVEAL]Platinum Jubilee: How to make your own bunting celebrate Queen [INSIGHT] It has been confirmed that Meghan and Harry, along with their two young children will be flying out to the UK for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations next month. The confirmed news comes after, during an earlier interview with NBC Today, Harry claimed that he did not know whether he and his family will be there to celebrate the Queen's 70-year reign. During the visit, the Queen will get to see her great-grandson, Archie again for the first time since he and his parents moved to the US. She will also get to meet her namesake great-granddaughter, Lilibet, for the first time.