A lot of people know about Khan’s life of excess. The star almost died mixing sleeping pills and cocaine once and suffered from alcohol addiction, which she eventually recovered from. But not many people know that the star also has battled with type 2 diabetes. The 69-year-old decided to give up on meat and dairy after her diagnosis which helped her drop 60 pounds and stop using her medication. The star, who rose to fame through her role in the soul-funk band Rufus – making hits like Sweet Thing and Hollywood, also bought exercise into her life. “I had type 2 diabetes and high blood pressure,” she revealed to Detroit News. “So I went on a radical change in lifestyle. “I was on liquids for a year, and that gave me a good jump-start,” Khan said. READ MORE: Testosterone deficiency syndrome – feeling dreadfully unhappy might not be depression People with type 2 diabetes are normally given Metformin which helps the body’s insulin work better and reduces the amount of sugar in the bloodstream. The condition is caused when the body has stopped producing enough insulin which removes sugar from the blood. Unlike type 1, which is thought to be caused by genetics, type 2 is linked to obesity. Although Khan made massive changes to her diet, she didn’t couple that with a change in exercise. In an interview with the website Essence, she shared how she has had success without exercising much. When asked what her exercise of choice is, she said: "I don’t like exercising at all. I guess if I had one choice it would be walking. “I do not run and I’m losing like on average about five pounds a month. I’ve lost 60 pounds since October.” According to Diabetes UK, foods like fruit, vegetables, nuts, pulses, and seeds are “often associated with lower levels of type 2 diabetes”. The NHS specifically recommends a low-calorie diet between 800 to 1,200 calories a day for 12 weeks in order to treat symptoms of type 2 diabetes. Losing weight can help to make the disease disappear, also known as remission. Remission is strictly defined by the NHS as when the number of blood cells with sugar molecules attached to them reaches less than 48mmol/mol on two occasions at least five months apart. The health body explains that losing 15kgs of weight within three to five months increases the chance of remission.