A car belonging to a learner driver was seized by police after a 15-year-old girl was caught teaching her father how to drive. The driver has been reported and could now face further action. The incident took place last Sunday around 11.15am in Donnington, Telford, Shrops. Traffic police officers pulled over a Vauxhall Meriva after they noticed that a driving lesson was being supervised by a 15-year-old. After carrying out the stop, officers discovered that a “learner” father was being taught by his teenage daughter. The vehicle was properly displaying L plates but it is illegal for anyone without a driving licence and under the age of 21 to supervise a driving lesson. The father was ultimately reported for driving in breach of licence conditions and without third-party insurance. READ MORE: British boy racers are disappearing from British roads Officers from Shropshire's Operational Patrol Unit (OPU) tweeted: "We asked this learner driver who was supervising them. “'My 15-year-old daughter'. Our survey said... X. Vehicle seized. Driver reported." Several people have taken to social media to express their views on the situation. One baffled person replied: "What a tool!" DON'T MISS 'War on motorists continues': Drivers angry at councils for new fines [REVEAL] Low Emission Zones launching today - Polluting vehicles to be banned [INSIGHT] Drivers warned of 'avalanche' of fines as councils get new powers [WARNING] Another added: "Best excuse ever, can't blame them for trying." A third wrote: “Nice try mate, better luck next time." Another user said: “Is that the best he could come up with? “World's worst dad right there." It is required by law that learner drivers are supervised by someone over the age of 21 who has held a full driving licence for at least three years. The news comes after it was revealed that the number of drivers waiting for a medical driving licence has increased by 65 percent in the last 12 months. Drivers are waiting up to six months for a new or renewed driving licence as the DVLA works through a huge backlog of paper applications. According to an investigation by online car marketplace Heycar, more than 300,000 drivers with medical conditions are affected by the backlog. Almost 40 percent of all delayed licence applications in the UK are medical licences with more than 800,000 drivers in the UK waiting for their new or renewed driving licence. A medical driving licence is issued to a driver who suffers from a condition that needs to be declared to the DVLA. This can include diabetes, sleep apnoea, epilepsy or a heart condition. On 25 March 2021, 203,890 applications were awaiting a medical driving licence decision; however, by 25 March 2022 this had increased to 336,759 applications. The DVLA says it will reach ‘normal’ turnaround times for paper drivers licence applications by the end of May while for medical applications, the target is for 90 percent of cases to be processed within 90 days by the end of September.