Nick Ferrari has blasted councils across England for imposing mountains of red tape on Platinum Jubilee street party planners. Measures reportedly required by some councils include counter-terrorism planning. The LBC host reacted to reports that councils had banned tieing bunting to lamp posts and in another case the use of glasses for drinks. On the counter-terrorism measures, Mr Ferrari noted that during the height of the IRA bombing campaign in the 70s and 80s street parties were held for the Queen's Jubilees with seemingly little security concerns. Mr Ferrari told LBC: "In Number 10 they can't stop partying, let's have another one, get some more prosecco in from the Coop. "Meanwhile, for the poor serfs who pay their wages, we're not even allowed to get the bunting out, unless we employ the Marines to defend us. "Community Secretary Michael Gove has written to all local authorities asking them to loosen rules and minimise bureaucracy after reports of many local authorities demanding paperwork from people trying to organise street parties, "Mr Gove has asked them to be completely flexible, I love that expression completely, can only be partly flexible, when dealing with requests, make sure they're cutting red tape.  "Now you will know already the extended holiday runs from Thursday, June 2  through to Sunday, June 5. "In some areas, counsellors have interview intervene to stipulate the exact rules in Bournemouth they've been told not to use lampposts for bunting because they're not designed for this purpose. "In Hemel Hempstead, Gloria Odel, a pensioner was sent 23 pages of guidance for organising the street party, which included recommendations on her counterterrorism plan. "In Mr Gove's own constituency of Surrey Heath, party organisers are forbidden from using glass for drinks they must use disposable cups instead, they need to prepare for extreme weather, as well as slip trip and fall hazards.  "This is fantastic, in North Tyneside, no family or friends can join celebrations reserved for immediate residents, dear God. "On the Isle of Wight, they must draw up a traffic plan. "This story was initially broken in yesterday's Mail on Sunday. "I remember coming into this crazy business they call journalism about 40 years ago, there was some Jubilee I can't remember which one it was now there are so many, and street parties which are held like that. DON'T MISSHorror house explosion injures five as emergency services rush in [NEWS]Horror as plane carrying 11 passengers ‘crashes' [SPOTLIGHT]German airport lockdown as 450kg aerial bomb discovered [REVEAL] "In fact, my job was to go out and interview people about their street party, and you didn't need them...well I suppose you could...we had the IRA, actually, we did have the IRA, we didn't have counterterrorism and we didn't have extreme weather planning and we were tying bunting to the lampposts." National celebrations for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee bank holiday weekend include a star-studded pop concert, a carnival pageant, and the lighting of thousands of beacons across the world. The Queen is said to be looking forward to the ambitious commemorations, which have been years in the making. At the age of 96 the Queen has mobility issues, and now uses a walking stick, with Buckingham Palace saying her presence at the Jubilee events may not be confirmed until the day.