White vinegar has been used in cleaning for several years and can be used in different areas of the home. As well as cleaning surfaces and appliances, this kitchen staple can also be used in laundry as a detergent, fabric softener and odour removal. One expert has shared his go-to “cheap” laundry alternatives when doing the washing. Olly Cavner, Resident Services Manager at Essential Living explained to Express.co.uk why white vinegar works as such a great laundry detergent. He said: “White vinegar is the holy grail of cheap and effective laundry substitutes. “This is because it is gentle to even the most sensitive of fabrics, and is considered safer to use than fabric softeners. “If you notice that your clothes have yellow underarm perspiration stains that won’t go away, using this natural ingredient should do the trick. READ MORE: Laundry: How to properly remove ‘yellow’ stains from pillows “Ditching the fabric softener and adding one cup of the vinegar to your wash will leave your clothes feeling super soft and smelling fresh.” The liquid works effectively to neutralise any unwanted scents. Those who want an added scent to their laundry, they can add a few drops of their preferred essential oil into the white vinegar. Another great laundry alternative is baking soda as it can fight laundry odours, boost bleach and detergent performance, act as a natural fabric softener and even control suds in your machine. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to clean washing machine drawers - 'cheap and effective’ [COMMENT]Shower cleaning: How to remove shower screen limescale - ‘never fails’ [TIPS]Pests: ‘Inexpensive’ and ‘simple’ way to get rid of woodlice [EXPERT] With the appearance of a fine white powder, baking soda is a salt made up of a sodium cation and a bicarbonate anion. While it gives the perfect rise to cakes, bread and biscuits, it is also a powerful cleaner and odour remover. It can be applied to your wash to boost performance or applied directly to stubborn stains to act as a pre-wash stain remover. The cleaning expert suggests using a baking soda solution as a pre-treatment. Olly said: “You can always rely on the classic baking soda removal method to get rid of a multitude of stains. “Simply make a paste with six tablespoons of baking soda and 80ml of warm water, and rub this mixture into the stain. The soda will then lift the stain out of the fibres.” Lemon juice is a powerful natural cleaner that can be used instead of a laundry detergent. The laundry expert said: “If you are dealing with yellow underarm or rust stains on your clothes, lemon or lime juice will help to fight these off. “However, you have to ensure that the juice you use is 100 percent real lemon as this type of drink has a natural bleaching action due to its acetic acid.” Table salt can also be a great remedy to erase stains at a fraction of the cost of laundry detergents. Olly said: “A lot of us have fallen victim to red wine spillage on our clothes and there is only one remedy to this - table salt. “The trick is to sprinkle the spill with a lot of salt and let the ingredient absorb the liquid before brushing away and then washing the piece of clothing.”