West Ham hero Bobby Zamora claims that his former club must recruit heavily this summer if they are to convince Jarrod Bowen that they are heading in the right direction. Bowen supposedly has admirers at Liverpool after a stellar campaign, and it remains to be seen how he would react if they came calling this summer. Bowen's West Ham heroics have been rewarded with his first senior England call-up. And that came as no surprise to supporters in east London, having racked up 22 goals involvements in 36 Premier League matches this season. His consistency, versatility and output helped the Hammers secure European football again this campaign with a seventh-place finish. But with the hard work now done, David Moyes and co must brace themselves for inevitable enquiries - and the forward has previously caught the eye of Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp. When asked whether West Ham have the pulling power to keep hold of Bowen, Zamora, in association with SkyBet, told Express Sport: "Certainly after this season. You don’t want to leave a club where you’ve had amazing experiences and the club are heading in the right direction. JUST IN: Jurgen Klopp failure to sign Real Madrid ace may haunt Liverpool in Champions League final "The club can prove to you, as a player, that they are going to improve and get a stronger squad. Then, being a part of that journey is something you want. It’s down to the club, because they want to keep those players and push on. "David Moyes will want to recruit well, as he has done over the last couple of years. It’s down to the club to prove that he doesn’t need to go elsewhere, you’ve achieved European football with us and it’s something we want on a regular basis." DON'T MISS...Liverpool may have Tchouameni Plan B ready as Real Madrid agree dealLiverpool have new rival at 'negotiation table' for second transferLiverpool players 'dropping like flies' as Klopp sent Madrid warning The level of recruitment that may be needed to prove a point to Bowen may well depend on the future of Declan Rice, and whether West Ham are prepared to cash in. Moyes has already declared that the talismanic midfielder is not for sale, but if anyone came close to his previously-touted £100million price-tag, it could make the club reconsider. Zamora, who grew up a Hammers fan and bagged 40 goals in 152 matches for the club, has backed his former side to show Bowen that silverware-chasing Liverpool may not be the best place for him to spend next season. The former Fulham and Queens Park Rangers striker was also at Wembley this week ahead of Sunday's Championship play-off final between Nottingham Forest and Huddersfield Town, giving fans behind-the-scenes access as part of Sky Bet's 'Step Up' campaign. "[The Step Up campaign] has given fans access to things they don’t normally see, and that’s one of the things that I love," he added. "All the documentaries floating around at the minute, it’s all behind-the-scenes, training ground stuff, and this is Wembley. This is the home of football, and this is where fans have the chance to see what goes on at this magnificent stadium. "The Championship play-off final is huge. It's a huge, huge game. As players you understand that there are jobs on the line. That’s what I remember, and that’s what was on my mind leading up to it."