Travellers have reported long queues at the check-in desk and security, as well as long waits for luggage. One customer described the situation as 'hell on earth', reports Manchester Evening News. Martin Daniels tweeted a picture of a queue for check-in and said he did not 'think he would make his flight'. Bryan Elwick also posted a video of a crowded check-in hall and said the queue 'was almost down to the railway station'. At around 5.20am, Marion Wolstenholme tweeted: "Chaos @manairport this morning. Almost 2 hours queuing to drop off case & still no end in sight. Really really poor @easyJet. No organisation, no communication. Upset, anxious & frustrated queues of customers." Ozzy Hamid described the situation as 'carnage' in a tweet posted at around 6am. He wrote: "Absolute carnage once again at @manairport. Security queues and no staff to help, flight leaves in 40 minutes." Mhari Oakes said at around 6.15am: "Hell on earth this morning @manairport - avoid it like the plague!!! Everyone missing flights despite getting there 3 hours before departure. Absolute and complete chaos. No check-in staff." At 5.15am, Sarah Thompson said: "T2 Manchester Airport security lanes are long. 40 minutes and counting. Definitely need a 3-hour check-in this time of day @manairport." Kev Lowes tweeted a picture of a huge queue at around 6.30am and said: "@manairport 2 hours to get through bag drop and security at T2 ( and only because we were ushered through as it was final call for a 0650 flight ) Staff great. "Organisation an absolute shambles and beyond a joke. Worst pre-flight experience I have ever had." Adam Thomas said he waited four hours for luggage to come through in arrivals. He tweeted pictures of passengers sitting on the floor as they waited this morning. This follows weeks of issues for travellers at the airport caused by staff shortages. Bosses have said the hub is 'on the road to recovery', though passengers are still being asked to arrive three hours before their flight. Last weekend, a spokesperson for the airport apologised to passengers facing long waits in baggage reclaim. "After a very damaging two years, our whole operation is facing resourcing challenges at present, including many of the third parties operating on our site, such as baggage handling agents", the statement said. "We and our partners, including airlines and baggage handling agents, are actively recruiting for hundreds of roles and in the meantime, we will continue to work together to ensure processes are running as efficiently as they can, and to mitigate staffing challenges as far as possible."