Doctor Who seems to be bringing on board several of Netflix's rising stars to its roster. With the news of Sex Educations Ncuti Gatwa barely settling, the BBC show has added Heartstopper star Yasmin Finney to the Tardis' motley crew. Although details are being drip fed to Whovians, enough has been released to whet their appetite. Recently jumping to global acclaim for her portrayal of Elle Argent in Heartstopper, Yasmin will appear as Rose. Many die hard fans will associate Billie Piper with the role of Rose Tyler, but 18-year-old Yasmin will be taking over the reins of Rose and is currently filming scenes that are due to air in 2023. This begs the question if Billie herself will make some form of appearance as well? The footage being filmed will coincide with the show's 60th anniversary. Read More: BBC Breakfast's Eurovision coverage sparks fury with viewers 'Utterly ridiculous'    On landing the role, the actress said:  "If anyone would have told eight year old Yasmin that one day she'd be part of this iconic show, I would have never in a million years believed them. "This show has a place in so many people's hearts, so to be seen as a trans actress by the legend himself Russell has not only made my year, it's made my life." Although little is known about the 60th-anniversary special, the young star concluded: "I cannot wait to begin this journey and for you all to see how Rose blossoms. Get Ready." Showrunner and writer Russell T Davies is also returning to the project, which has made many fans very happy.  Teasing fans a bit more, Russell has said: "Life on Doctor Who gets brighter and wilder, how can there be another Rose? "You'll find out in 2023, but it's an absolute joy to welcome Yasmin to the Doctor Who set." Heartstopper has climbed the top 10 list on Netflix in many countries, with Russell adding: "We all fell in love with her in Heartstopper, one of those shows which changes the world - and now Yasmin can change the Whoniverse!" The LGBTQIA+ rom-com is based on Alice Oseman's graphic novels, and Yasmin plays trans student Elle who has recently changed school and struggles to maintain her friendship group as she finds herself. DON’T MISS…'Unforgettable' Jane McDonald shares glimpse into love life as she bids farewell on show[LATEST]Vera bosses give Brenda Blethyn fans disappointing update on series [LATEST]'Disrespectful!' Queen’s Platinum Jubilee Celebration viewers slam Tom Cruise interview  [LATEST] Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press at the 2022 BAFTA TV awards Russell did let slip that Ncuti Gatwa was the perfect choice to be the new Time Lord. He described: "It was the most amazing audition. He was the last person to audition." With several show developments being released in rapid-fire, fans will hopefully not have to wait too long to find out more about the anniversary and the future of the show. On David and Catherine's return, Russell did say in a statement: “They're back! And it looks impossible - first, we announce a new Doctor, and then an old Doctor, along with the wonderful Donna [Catherine Tate], what on earth is happening? "Maybe this is a missing story. Or a parallel world. Or a dream, or a trick, or a flashback. “The only thing I can confirm is that it’s going to be spectacular, as two of our greatest stars reunite for the battle of a lifetime." Jodie Whittaker will make her final appearance as Doctor Who later this year.