Midsomer Murders is one of the UK's longest-running TV dramas and it shows no signs of slowing down just yet. ITV will be marking the occasion with a one-off documentary as well as airing an exciting instalment from season 22. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the guest stars of The Scarecrow Murders. The Scarecrow Murders centres around an annual scarecrow festival organised to raise funds for the church but the event soon turns horrific as Naomi Ashworth's body is discovered. Naomi was well-liked within the community but it turns out there was a secret or two she was keeping. She is played by actress Emily Bevan has been in a number of popular series during her career so far. These have included In The Flesh, The Casual Vacancy, Doc Martin, Grantchester and Temple. READ MORE: Stranger Things season 4 release time: What time is it on Netflix? Rachel Taylor is in charge of the scarecrow festival and the interim churchwarden. Reverend Oscar Hayden (played by Simon Shepherd) contacted the bishop stating Rachel had grown too close to him and so a permanent churchwarden was hired in her place which she is far from happy with. Actress Jacqueline Boatswain is best known for starring as Simone Loveday in Channel 4's soap Hollyoaks for four years. She had also been in Cuckoo, Wolfblood, Shameless and Hospital People. The Reverend is Naomi's dad so is stunned when she is told of her murder in the ITV drama. Actor Simon Shepherd is probably best recognised for playing Dr Will Preston for nine years in ITV drama Peak Practice. His other work has included Chancer, Tilly Trotter, Casualty and the film Mothering Sunday. Most recently, Shepherd was Sir David Friend in the Amazon Prime Video spy series Alex Rider. DON'T MISS...BBC Breakfast's 'out of touch' Platinum Jubilee coverage sparks uproar [REACTION]Midsomer Murders brings back veterans for anniversary special [CAST]Michael Caine's warning detailed by Midsomer Murders' Annette Badland [EXPLAINER] Thea was having an affair with Naomi's husband Stephan for about a year. So when Naomi shows up dead, Thea becomes one of the detective's prime suspects. Actress Holly Freeman is very new to the entertainment industry with only a few credits under her belt. So far, these have been Call the Midwife, Casualty and 4 O'Clock Club. As well as airing The Scarecrow Murders, ITV will be showing the documentary Midsomer Murders – 25 Years of Mayhem. The one-off special is going to welcome back some of the show's previous stars to discuss the early days of Midsomer Murders and its success. One of those being welcomed back will of course be actor John Nettles who portrayed DCI Tom Barnaby for the first 14 years of the show's existence. Midsomer Murders returns for The Scarecrow Murders on Sunday, May 29, at 8pm on ITV.