Sally Nugent, 50, has marked Dan Walker’s, 45, last day on BBC Breakfast with an emotional statement and teased that a few "surprises" were "on the way". Sally has sat beside Dan on the red sofa since October when she replaced Louise Minchin. Dan is leaving the morning show after six years to join Channel 5 as a presenter on 5 News.   Taking to Twitter this morning, Sally shared a behind-the-scenes snap of herself and Dan with a few members of the crew.The presenting duo smiled at the camera in the bittersweet snap.Sally penned in a caption to her 145,000 followers: “End of an era. READ MORE:Will Smith asked Jada Pinket Smith to be present for kissing scenes “Join us on ⁦BBC Breakfast with ⁦@mrdanwalker for the last time. One or two surprises on the way.”Many of Sally’s friends and followers took to the comments to wish Dan all the best.BBC co-star Victoria Fritz gushed: “Aw. Such a nice photo of you all.”Jon Kay wrote: “Farewell @mrdanwalker. You’ve been brilliant on BBC Breakfast. “Especially guiding us all through those early lockdown days with such kind, calm and reassuring authority.  “A real gent. The whole team will miss you. Good luck, sir!” DON'T MISSLouise Minchin says husband's warning prompted Breakfast exit[INSIGHT]Rebekah Vardy was 'more interested in taking selfies' than football[LATEST]Will Smith asked Jada Pinket Smith to be present for kissing scenes[NEWS] Dan also shared the snap on his own Twitter and proclaimed: “Love this lot.”As Dan headed to the BBC Breakfast studios this morning, he confirmed he had only managed less than three hours sleep the night before.Dan told fans: “I did just two hours and 46 minutes of sleep.   “So, not the best prep for the final day! But hopefully it will be a fun one.” He also paid tribute to his colleagues and revealed that he was "armed with cakes" to mark his departure.Dan said: “Here we go then, final stroll into BBC Breakfast, it’s a glorious morning here in Salford.“I’m armed with cakes for the team who have been an absolute pleasure to work with over the last six years.”BBC Breakfast airs at 6am on BBC One.