This is my rough list: corruption, lobbying scandals, homosexual assault, sexual harassment, bullying, drug abuse, watching porn on a mobile phone in the House, failure to stop after a car crash, downright lying and, of course, “partygate” and “beergate”. No party has a monopoly of virtue. Worst of all, they never seem to learn. You might reasonably have thought that after the expenses scandals of a decade ago, not to mention the partisan nature of an ex-Speaker of the House, Ministers, Frontbenchers and MPs alike would be watching their Ps and Qs. Not a bit of it. It seems to get worse. We can say with absolute confidence that few sections of society are as neglectful of their image than MPs. And the reality is that this encourages - not that they needed it - Russian and Chinese attempts to subvert them. I recognize that some of the allegations relate to the past and did not produce an official complaint at the time. But that is the norm for today’s hypersensitive society. Let me also be clear: I do not hold with bullying and least of all sexual bullying, even though my reputation, in the eyes of one mandarin, for bullying Ministers to do the right thing may have clinched my job as Margaret Thatcher’s press secretary. She loved an argument. It is also fair to say that the current Speaker is alarmed at the state of affairs and is seeking to do something about it. Precisely what is another matter. It is not as though Parliament is devoid of rules of conduct or institutions to police them.  We should also recognize that there has always been a problem for MPs when, separated from their families during the week, they are at a loose end and relax in the Palace’s innumerable bars. All this comes on top of a feeling that our politicians are not what they used to be. Boris Johnson’s Government is relatively inexperienced and has few shining stars. Similarly, Labour, having sensibly rid itself of that dangerous Lefty Jeremy Corbyn is not by any means inspiring. Never, it is argued, has the UK’s governance personnel been so weak. This weakness coincides with the toughest repair, renewal and reform job required of any Government since 1945. The financial, economic and social fabric of the nation needs urgent restoration, especially now that Vladimir Putin threatens to widen his invasion of the Ukraine and resources are required to strengthen our defences. The unanswered question is why we have fallen so low. Is it that the complexities of running a nation in this dangerous world would have daunted the best of our post-war governments?  Or is there now a disinclination to go into politics by high flyers who can live in immense comfort without the political hassle? In other words, do we expect too much of our politicians, who are only too human, and harry them from pillar to post? There is also a serious question to be asked about the support they are getting from the Civil Service. Their failure to provide reliable essential services - such as vehicle and driving licences - while still working from home following the pandemic, coupled with the Home Office’s objection to the Rwanda immigration scheme, is doing nobody any good. It is also my contention that we have for too long expected and demanded far too much of central government. In Mrs Thatcher’s day it was industry’s ludicrous demand for tax cuts while seeking subsidies galore. Today, even Tory MPs want tax cuts while Government debt soars and it struggles with a £300bn budget deficit. There is one reliable answer to all this. It is called personal responsibility.  Our governments were not responsible for the covid pandemic or Putin’s war. But Ministers, Frontbenchers and MPs are responsible for their conduct, especially when they are expected to set an example. Every time they fall short they damage our democracy. We ordinary citizens owe the country a responsible approach to life and a willingness to work for the common good. Which brings me to Thursday’s local elections. The overwhelming temptation to the voter is to give the Government a black eye. That may be satisfying but not very responsible. You are not electing a national Government but a council to look after your local interests. Only serious and responsible candidates will do that. 