Chelsea could have plenty of cash to spend on new players this summer after Todd Boehly completed his purchase of the club. The Blues will be looking to build on their third-place Premier League finish last season and could welcome a whole host of stars to west London this summer if boss Thomas Tuchel has his way. Chelsea have been tipped to ship Romelu Lukaku back off to Inter Milan and take his former team-mate Lautaro Martinez to Stamford Bridge instead in the coming months. And Express Sport takes a look at the Blues’ stellar XI next season if they can persuade Martinez and three more players to join the club. Goalkeeper - Mendy Edouard Mendy enjoyed another sensational season in the Chelsea goal as he kept 23 clean sheets in all competitions. Prior to Mendy’s move to Stamford Bridge in 2020, the Blues had huge problems between the sticks. But that issue is solved and Tuchel will be hoping the Senegal international sticks around for years. Defence - Kounde, Silva, Gvardiol Chelsea have been dealt a huge blow as star defenders Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen are set to quit Stamford Bridge this summer. And the Blues could also lose Cesar Azpilicueta. That means Tuchel will be in desperate search of reinforcements ahead of the new campaign as he looks to put together a team that can challenge for honours in the Premier League and in Europe. The German pursued Sevilla centre-back Jules Kounde last summer but ultimately missed out on securing his services. But Tuchel could attempt to prise the 23-year-old away from Spain once again and make him a key figure in his backline. Tuchel would also surely love to have 20-year-old RB Leipzig defender Josko Gvardiol in west London next season to help the Chelsea defence in their endeavours to keep opposition strikers at bay. And the duo could benefit from the experience of veteran Thiago Silva if they do put pen-to-paper on Chelsea deals. Silva continues to impress at the grand old age of 37 and has been rock solid for Tuchel. Midfield - James, Kante, Rice, Chilwell Reece James and Ben Chilwell have transformed the Chelsea attack with their creativity from the wings in the final third of the pitch. And if the pair can stay fit throughout the entirety of the next campaign, they could lay on chance after chance for their team-mates. The England internationals could line up on the flanks, with N’Golo Kante taking his place at the heart of the midfield if he can put his injury struggles behind him. DON'T MISSArsenal could repeat Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil signings for next seasonMan Utd look set to sign another Cristiano Ronaldo, Bruno Fernandes and NaniLiverpool told to hijack Man Utd summer signing for Sadio Mane replacement  The Blues have been linked with West Ham superstar Declan Rice in recent times. And if Tuchel can get his hands on the ex-Chelsea academy player, his midfield would improve enormously. Forwards - Havertz, Martinez, Mount In the forward line, Tuchel will surely be happy with the form of Mason Mount and Kai Havertz. But the manager will want to find a goalscorer who can complete the jigsaw and find the back of the net on a regular basis. Tuchel could well be happy to sever his ties with Lukaku if he can persuade 24-year-old Martinez to quit the San Siro and head to England. Martinez racked up an impressive 25 goals for Inter last season and could excel in the Blues' frontline. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 