The Duchess of Cornwall and Prince of Wales' arrival to Ottawa, one of the destinations of their gruelling three-day tour, was blighted by strong winds. However, Camilla appeared to take it in her stride as she left the aeroplane on her first day of engagements in Canada.  Camilla, wrapped up in a green coat, held tight to the handrail as she walked down the stairs outside of the plane. The Duchess kept on smiling as the wind slightly raised her knee-length gown. Wisely, the future Queen Consort avoided her hair getting messed up by the challenging weather by placing on her head a scarf, which she held tightly with one hand on her throat. Charles and Camilla's Canadian tour had begun hours prior in St John's, in the eastern part of the country. Given their packed schedule, the hardworking royals started carrying out engagements shortly after touching down and being welcomed by Mounties. Charles and Camilla later met Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Governor-General Mary May Simon at the Confederation Building. Stepping into Heart Garden, the Prince of Wales spoke to a crowd of dignitaries and addressed the pain and horror of residential schools. The future King said: "We must find new ways to come to terms with darker and more difficult aspects of the past." READ MORE: Adorable way Princess Charlotte keeps in touch with cousins in USA He added: "I know that our visit here this week comes at an important moment - with indigenous and non-indigenous peoples across Canada committing to reflect honestly and openly on the past and to forge a new relationship for the future." Residential schools were government-funded boarding schools which attempted to destroy original cultures. Indigenous children suffered horrific abuse and were punished for even speaking their languages. A national reckoning over this system was prompted last year, after hundreds of human remains were discovered in unmarked graves at former church-run schools. Following the important speech, Charles and Camilla were shown felt sculptures made by Rosemarie Péloquin, a Canadian artist who had crafted some sculptures of The Prince of Wales and The Queen. The Prince of Wales and the Duchess continued to meet locals as they visited a local brewery. There, they went behind the bar and pulled a pint of beer for themselves. Charles and Camilla also met local business owners, including chef and restaurant owner Jeremy Charles. The Canadian handed the Prince of Wales his book "Wildness - An Ode to Newfoundland and Labrador". Taking the book, Charles smiled broadly and asked cheekily: "Is it 100 ways to cook a moose?" Prince Charles and Camilla's tour started on a busy day for the Firm, which saw several other royals out of their residences to carry out engagements. During the morning, Prince William led an investiture ceremony at Windsor Castle, before presenting new colours to the Irish Guards. The Queen stepped out of her residence in Berkshire to join Prince Edward at Paddington station in London. Mother and son officially launched the Elizabeth Line and met with staff and officials. The monarch was also shown how to use ticket machines at the station and was handed her very own oyster card, used to pay for public transport in London. On the other hand, Sophie, Countess of Wessex, headed to west Oxfordshire to learn more about the community response during the coronavirus pandemic.