Dubbed the “Satan 2”, the father of nuclear missiles in question can travel at hypersonic speeds and reach parts of Europe in seconds. Repeated claims on Russian state television brag about “wiping the UK off the map” with one single strike, as well as similar claims major US cities could suffer similar fates.  The Satan 2 is in fact an RS-28 Sarmat intercontinental ballistic missile, weighing in at a whopping 20 tonnes. Its range of 11,000 miles allows the missile to strike almost any target in the world and is capable of flying over the poles to reach the target quicker. Its hypersonic speed makes the Satan 2 one of the fastest, and most indefensible weapons in the world, travelling at speeds of around 16,000 mph. Aside from its range and speed capabilities, the Satan 2 has another potent statistic. The mega-rocket can carry up to 15 nuclear warheads, seeing it called by Russia’s own Ministry of Defence "the most powerful missile with the longest range of destruction of targets in the world.”  On Russian state TV, presenter Vladimir Solovyov chillingly said: “one Sarmat means minus one Great Britain.” The speed of the Satan 2 is as terrifying as its destructive power. Launching from silos in Russia, the mega-missile could hit London in just 200 seconds. Paris would be destroyed just 210 seconds after launch. With Finland and Sweden seeking NATO membership, an angry Russia could hit Helsinki in a mere 15 seconds with the Satan 2. Russia’s defence committee deputy chairman, Aleksey Zhuravlyov said: “If Finland wants to join this bloc, then our goal is absolutely legitimate – to question the existence of this state. This is logical.”  READ MORE:Argentina warns Britain could be hiding NUKES on Falklands Across the Atlantic, the United States could see major cities destroyed in as little as 14 minutes, with Russia being able to strike the US by firing from Siberia to hit the west coast, or over the Arctic to destroy cities such as New York or Washington. Mr Zhuravlyov added a warning to the US, saying: “If the United States threatens our state, it’s good: here is the Sarmat for you, and there will be nuclear ashes from you if you think that Russia should not exist. “And Finland says that it is at one with the USA. Well, get in line.” Speaking of the weapon, Putin did not hold back in stating its potential if Russia continued to be threatened by Western or NATO allies. He said: “This truly unique weapon will strengthen the combat potential of our armed forces, reliably ensure Russia's security from external threats and provide food for thought for those who, in the heat of frenzied aggressive rhetoric, try to threaten our country.”  DON'T MISS:Queen horror as Brits say 'abolish monarchy' [REPORT]Briton faces Iraq's death penalty over tiny archaeological shards [REVEAL]RAF ‘ready to defend airspace’ as jets moved to Yorkshire [INSIGHT] Ian Williams, a fellow at the Centre for Strategic and International Studies think tank said: “This is probably the most destructive single weapon on earth.” Speaking to The Telegraph, he added: “It could destroy 10 cities with one missile" as the warheads it carries can be "independently targeted". Russia currently has the world’s largest reserves of nuclear weapons, with over 6,500 hidden in silos, bunkers and submarines. The Satan 2 has been labelled as “overkill” by Britain. Julian Lewis, the chairman of Parliament's intelligence and security committee, said: “Russia and the Western nuclear states have had the ability to annihilate each other ever since they acquired strategic nuclear bombers, followed by intercontinental ballistic missiles, over 60 years ago. “Putin adding this new missile to his pre-existing 'overkill' capability makes absolutely no difference to the effectiveness of our Trident nuclear deterrent submarines.”  Taking to Twitter, one academic compared Putin’s love of such powerful weapons to Adolf Hitler’s aspirations in World War Two. Philip O’Brien, a professor of Strategic Studies at St Andrew's University wrote: “So much of this reeks of Hitler’s wonder weapons.” Speaking to CNN afterwards, Professor O’Brien said: “German propaganda to make it look like Germany had a chance of winning the war when things were going very badly. “These weapons often existed, but their impact was used to distract the German people.” Many claim Russia’s showboating with such weapons is also, in part, designed to appease domestic crowds as Putin faces both global and internal opposition to his so-called “special operation in Ukraine.” 