The golf fan spotted standing behind Tiger Woods at the PGA Championship has reportedly remarkably landed an advertising deal with beer company Michelob Ultra. Mark Radetic was the man who went viral when a photo emerged showing each fan watching Woods through the lens of their camera, while he simply stood and watched with a beer in hand. Woods was grinding hard to try and make his second cut in a row at a major on the Friday afternoon at the PGA Championship after returning to competitive golf at the Masters. There were thousands of fans following the 46-year-old to catch a glimpse of his greatness, and many took the opportunity to capture the moment on their phones. It could be interpreted as quite a sad indictment on our society that we are so reliant on our phones instead of just enjoying the moment, but one man took the moment in without a phone. Instead, Radetic simply held a beer and went viral as ‘The Michelob Guy’. Michelob Ultra, the brand of beer he was drinking, took notice and Radetic has now become part of their advertising and got his own beer ad - according to Golfweek. He may even get his own limited edition can. READ MORE: Tiger Woods' premature return has jeopardised Open fairytale The remarkable turn of events started when a Twitter user pointed him out in a screenshot that shows Woods taking a swing as a crowd of spectators hold their phones stand behind him. The tweet read: “No cell phone. Just a man watching Tiger with a Michelob Ultra.” The advertising team at Michelob Ultra quickly got to use, creating an epic advert of the image with the caption: “Some legends play in the moment. Some live in it.” The company also found Radetic and asked for permission to use his image on a t-shirt and hat with the tag line: “It’s only worth it if you enjoy it.” “It really took off because everybody was on their cam except me, and I was holding a Michelob Ultra,” Radetic told KMOV. “They said they want to do an ad campaign around it. DON'T MISSJustin Thomas hits out at PGA Championship over supporter treatmentTiger Woods performance at PGA Championship 'painful to watch'Rory Mcilroy providing 'giddy feeling' at PGA as Paul McGinley make... “Ultra has offered to give me as they said, 'copious amounts of Ultra’.” Around one week after the PGA Championship, the company tweeted a photo of two cans - one white and one blue - and asked social media users which colour looks better for ‘The Michelob Guy’ can. Radetic, who made a Twitter account with the username @MichUltraGuy, preferred white himself. It was a welcome piece of good PR for the company after the price of their beer - $18 - was criticised on social media, including by eventual champion Justin Thomas.  owever, Radetic didn’t seem to mind as he watched Woods while clutching his beer.