Painting walls is one of the easiest and least expensive ways to change the appearance of a room. Whether the change will be positive or negative depends on how well Britons understand what they need to do in order to get professional results. DIY experts have shared a simple guide that explains how to paint a wall the right way. Painting experts at Performance Painting have shared “easy” steps Britons can follow to achieve “smooth” results. After preparing the walls for painting, the experts advise using specialised masking tape over the edges. They said: “Cover the trim to help paint clean and sharp lines.” Once the edges have been masked up, the existing type of paint already used on the wall need to be identified. The painting pros said: “Since using the wrong type of primer or paint can lead to early paint failure, figuring out the type of paint you have on your walls is very important. READ MORE: Property: How to achieve a quick house sale using paint “Rub a small area with denatured alcohol. “If the paint loses glossiness or comes off on the rag, it’s latex paint and if it doesn’t, it’s oil-based paint.” Knowing what paint you have helps to choose the right primer. For new drywall, the experts suggested using a drywall primer-sealer product to level surface texture and prevent flashing. They explained: “Applying a stain-blocking primer over water stains, ink or crayon will prevent bleed-through along with blistering and peeling paint. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: ‘Cheapest’ way to get rid of ants in homes - ‘kills them’ [COMMENT]Weeding tips: ‘Super effective’ way to naturally kill paving weeds [EXPERT]How to ‘save money’ on energy bills using washing machine hack [TIPS] “For engineered wood products, such as medium-density fiberboard, use shellac or an oil-based primer to prevent swelling.” Homeowners can also find primers that allow them to switch from oil-based paint to latex paint, or vice versa, as long as the surface has been properly prepared. To apply the primer, start by pouring it into a paint tray or five gallon bucket with a roller grid, then dip the roller into the primer, removing excess primer to prevent drips. Place the roller half way up the wall, and roll upward, close to the ceiling, and downward toward the floor, slightly overlapping each stroke. Make sure that you also prime the ceiling and all corners properly using a brush. Let the primer dry completely before painting. To paint ceilings, dip the roller into the paint tray and remove excess paint. Start in one corner and proceed diagonally across the ceiling in a “W” pattern, overlapping each stroke, making sure that you cover the ceiling line previously painted. Before painting the entire wall, the experts suggested starting with the corners. They said: “With a two to three inch brush, paint each corner of the wall, brushing along the corner, outward a few inches. “To smooth out brush strokes, run the brush lightly over previous strokes. “Paint the rest of the wall right away to smooth out any remaining strokes.” The painting gurus suggest using a 12-inch roller to roll the paint in the same “W” pattern, overlapping strokes and cut-in corners and edges. Then let the paint dry properly and apply a second coat if necessary. Once finished, allow the paint to dry for at least 30 minutes before removing the tape slowly and evenly to prevent paint damage.