Liverpool look "tired" ahead of the Champions League final against Real Madrid, claims Jamie O'Hara. The former Tottenham midfielder believes Real will be in a much sharper condition due to their relaxed end to the La Liga season.  Liverpool have fought to the bitter end on all four fronts this term. They came agonisingly close to winning their second Premier League title in three seasons on Sunday but for Manchester City to pull off a stunning comeback against Aston Villa. O'Hara was at Anfield for the 2-1 win over Wolves and said Jurgen Klopp's players are "dropping like flies". Thiago Alcantara and Fabinho are injury doubts for Saturday's showpiece match in Paris, while Virgil van Dijk and Mohamed Salah did not start the final two league matches of the campaign. TalkSPORT pundit O'Hara is worried the condition Liverpool will be in heading into the game. He said: "Again Liverpool huffed and puffed and they got the result in the end because Wolves just kind of caved. But they look tired to me, they really do and they're dropping like flies. READ MORE: Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta goes public with William Saliba decision for next season  "Van Dijk didn't come on, Thiago had to go off, Milner and Henderson were playing in midfield. You look at it and Real Madrid are fresh, they're going into that game fresh as a daisy. "They've already won the title so they've been absolutely prepared for this week. Liverpool are kind of peeling themselves off the physio bed." Klopp did not provide a positive update on Thiago when he discussed the Spaniard at the weekend. He said: “Not good, but I can’t say more. "He was outside with the families, had his little girl on his shoulders, so he could walk, that’s obviously a good sign. All the rest we will see from tomorrow.  "[It’s the] lower part of the body. I know it, but actually don’t want to talk now about it. We will see. “Give us a chance to have the [scan]; it makes the news not better or worse. We want to wait until we know more about it and then you will get the information as well.” Meanwhile, Divock Origi has played his final game for Liverpool due to a muscle injury. Klopp said of the Belgian: “Div is definitely out for the final because he [got] injured in the last second of the last session. “He got a muscle injury, so five days will not be enough for him. Apart from that, I think all have a chance – and hopefully Thiago as well – and then we will prepare.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 