A recent analysis by experts at goshorty.co.uk has revealed the best regions in the UK for a road trip ahead of this bank holiday weekend. Each region was given a score out of 10 based on its road trip suitability. The criteria covered everything from traffic and road safety to the number of campsites and five-star rated attractions. The South West of England received an overall score of 7.44 out of 10. According to the experts, the region has six of the most visited attractions in the UK. Five of those attractions are paid and one of them is free. READ MORE: Drivers could be fined thousands for letting an ambulance go past On top of that, the South West offers nearly 3,000 five-star rated attractions on Trip Advisor. The region also has over 900 campsites to choose from and plenty of places to visit. The only downfall is that the South West can get congested at times, with 3.02 million vehicle miles driven every square mile. Scotland came in a respectable second place with an overall score of seven out of 10. DON'T MISS Elderly drivers should take 'eyesight tests' to stay on the road [REVEAL] Britain scrapping major EU driving law would create 'more problems' [INSIGHT] 'Awful' pavement parking chaos causing residents to battle for spaces [SHOCKING] Despite not offering any most-visited attractions, Scotland offers an incredible 3,616 five-star rated attractions drivers can choose from. On top of that, the country offers 14 well-known road trip hot spots and has the safest roads with an average of 0.13 annual accidents per square mile. Third place is occupied by Wales with an overall score of 6.33 out of 10. The country has five known road trip locations and almost 1,500 five-star attractions. On top of that, there are over 500 campsites. The roads in Wales are also very safe, with just 0.36 yearly accidents every square mile. Traffic is also low, with 1.91 million miles driven every square mile, and no cities ranking in the top 10 most congested cities in the UK. Fourth place belongs to the East of England with an overall score of 5.56 out of 10. The East of England’s roads are middle of the table when it comes to traffic and accidents. The East of England also has a decent selection of things to do and places to stay, with 628 five-star rated attractions and 266 campsites. The top five were completed by the South East with an overall score of 4.89 out of 10. The South East offers an excellent selection of things to do with over 3,000 five-star rated attractions. The region is also home to five of the most popular attractions in the UK. Additionally, there are almost 400 campsites throughout the South East. The only downfall is road safety. The South East sees both the second-highest vehicle miles and the number of road accidents per square mile on the expert’s list. See the full list of regions below: