Baz's Elvis Presley movie - Elvis - will hit cinemas this summer, but the previews have already started. The film stars Austin Butler as the titular King of Rock and Roll in a picture that aims to retell the star's story from a different perspective. This time around, the focus is placed on Colonel Tom Parker, who is shown as the villain of the story. Elvis' family have now seen the movie, and most recently Riley has spoken out about watching the "powerful" movie for the first time. Riley said: "It was a very emotional experience. It’s very intense to watch when it’s your family." She explained that she watched it alongside her father, sisters, mother - Lisa Marie Presley - and grandmother - Priscilla Presley. But although the movie tells her family's story, she admitted it was a little worrying. She said the family "don't really have any control" over what sort of film Baz made. But, within the first few minutes, she knew the family would be happy. Riley said: "In the first five minutes, I could feel how much work Baz and Austin put into trying to get it right. That made me emotional immediately." And, before she knew it, Riley had succumbed to her emotions while watching her grandfather resurrected on the big screen. "I started crying five minutes in and didn’t stop," she admitted. "There’s a lot of family trauma and generational trauma that started around then for our family." She added: "It wasn’t like I distrusted Baz in any way, but you’re protective over your family." But, ultimately, Riley was extremely pleased about how Elvis was portrayed. READ MORE: Elvis Presley and Sophia Loren's electrifying encounter and kiss Riley said: "I felt so honoured that they worked so hard to really get his essence, to feel his essence. Austin captured that so beautifully." She was extra excited by the film considering she admitted she is such a fan of Baz's filmography. The 32-year-old actress said: "The first movie I ever watched in the theatre and said I wanted to make movies was Moulin Rouge. I was 12. It was a real honour to know Baz was doing this movie. Romeo + Juliet and Moulin  Rouge, for the age I was at the time, were really powerful." Unfortunately for Baz, Riley was never interested to act in the film. DON'T MISS...Elvis Presley and Sophia Loren's electrifying encounter and kiss [NEWS]Elvis Presley's boss 'nearly swallowed a cigar' after fling with girl [INFO]Elvis sobbed before his wedding 'I have no choice'  [INSIGHT] Riley added that Baz did not ask her to have any part in the movie. She said: "It’s a little too close. It’s intense enough to watch, I don’t want to act in it. It was never a conversation. I think there was a boundary there that felt respected in a nice way." (Via Variety) Riley is the latest member of the family to speak out about seeing Elvis on the big screen. Her mother, Lisa Marie, recently revealed she was blown away by the picture. Lisa Marie told her fans: "I do want to take a moment to let you know that I have seen Baz Luhrmann's movie 'Elvis' twice now, and let me tell you that it is nothing short of spectacular. Absolutely exquisite." She gave a lot of praise to Austin, who plays her father in Baz's movie. She continued: "Austin Butler channeled and embodied my father’s heart and soul beautifully. In my humble opinion, his performance is unprecedented and FINALLY done accurately and respectfully. (If he doesn’t get an Oscar for this, I will eat my own foot, haha.)" (sic) Elvis hits cinemas on June 24, 2022. SOURCE / SOURCE