Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong has reiterated his stance that he wishes to stay at the Nou Camp despite reported heavy interest from Manchester United - although the midfielder purposefully dodged a question on Erik ten Hag when asked about rejoining his former manager in the Premier League. The star, 25, joined the Blaugrana for £68million as a 22-year-old following an impressive run of form at Ajax in 2019. Having yet to hit the heights expected of him since his move, the midfielder has been linked with a move away from the club in order for Barca to recoup a fee.United have been one of the clubs linked thanks to their appointment of De Jong's former boss Erik ten Hag, although it remains to be seen whether a deal can be done for his services. And despite comments made by the Dutchman on Tuesday seemingly reaffirming his future at Barcelona, he refused to answer questions based on a potential reconciliation with his former boss."I don't want to talk about rumors anymore. I feel good in Barcelona. Contacts? There is no agreement or anything official," De Jong told ESPN. "I prefer to stay in Barcelona, I've said it before. Barça is the club of my dreams since I was little." "If other clubs call I will take the call, of course it is something that is always done. Have I had contact with Erik ten Hag? I can't say anything more about that. I wouldn't do that when it comes to other clubs or trainers.""Of course I get that too. But I have not heard anything from the club management, so I assume that nothing is concrete, or that an agreement has already been reached. Then there's no point in worrying about it," he told ADnl.And his comments on Tuesday have completely echoed the stance he has held since February in that he wishes to stay at the Nou Camp.“I’m very happy to be at Barcelona. I’ve wanted to be here since I was little so it’s been a dream come true," De Jong stated three months ago."Of course I would have liked to have won more trophies than I have in my first two years. I expected more in that sense, let’s put it like that. "But apart from that, I’m very happy here and I hope to be here for many more years.”United are in the market for multiple midfielders this summer, given that Paul Pogba, Nemanja Matic, Juan Mata and Jesse Lingard are all set to depart the club.Defensive midfield is the most-sought after position in the engine room for Ten Hag's men, with Declan Rice, Kalvin Phillips and De Jong all being linked with the famous red shirt.However, it appears they may have to turn their attention elsewhere if they are to boost their defensive steel.