Aston Martin team principal Mike Krack has claimed ‘good conversations’ are crucial to keep four-time world champion Sebastian Vettel at the team. However, he claimed the German ‘doesn’t stop pushing’ despite the team lacking pace this season. When asked what is needed for Vettel to remain at Aston Martin, Krack replied: “He is realistic about what we do.” According to GP Fans, he added: "So it is a matter of trying to merge what we think we have to do, what he thinks we have to do and be open and transparent, have good conversations and move on. He is a nice guy, a nice fellow and he understands where our limitations are at the moment but he doesn't stop pushing." "He has a very competitive approach despite the big success that he has already had. He has a very high work ethic that I really share and that I really appreciate. There is no time of the day where it is too late to work or to have some input so, from that point of view, it is a pleasure to work with him." READ MORE: Sebastian Vettel says he has 'lots of years left' amid Max Verstappen Vettel missed the first two races of the season after testing positive for coronavirus ahead of the Bahrain Grand Prix. He struggled at the Australian Grand Prix, crashing out of the race after limited running on Friday. The German also appeared distant during TV interviews with short answers to questions. It left many wondering whether Vettel was lining up a move to quit the sport at the end of his current Aston Martin deal. Sky Sports pundit Paul di Resta said: “I was looking at that interview thinking he’s not excited is he. He just looks disinterested, I don’t know that’s the impression I get. I've known Seb for a long time. we were team-mates in 2006 and that’s not the body language when you get the best out of him.” DON'T MISSVettel refuses to rule out Max Verstappen partnership at Red Bull [INSIGHT]Verstappen given food for thought as Vettel comments on Red Bull [ANALYSIS]Charles Leclerc may beat Vettel and Alonso's Ferrari records this year [COMMENT] When asked if Vettel looked like he might retire, di Resta added: “That's not for me to say but he’s thinking something different.” Giancarlo Minardi has been warned Vettel should just quit the sport as he would no longer be competitive. He said: “But he should retire. He has a lot of money, he has won titles and he will never win again." Vettel returned to the points in Imola with an eighth-placed finish with team-mate Lance Stroll in tenth. Vettel addressed the retirement rumours, claiming he could still have a 'lot of years left'. He added: "Time will tell, At the minute, I think the focus is on now and on the mountain ahead of us that we try to climb – and we won’t climb it in day, we won’t climb it in a month."