Speaking recently on an episode of ITV’s Lorraine, Roberts gave an update on her health and cancer journey. Having gone through surgery back in November of last year, the DJ said that she counts herself as “lucky,” due to the cancer being caught before it had spread to her liver. She said: “I was really lucky, stage two, it was about to be stage three. It had nearly spread into my liver but they got it in time. I'm on chemotherapy at the moment and I'm living my life to the full now". By sharing her experience. Roberts hoped that she could encourage others to get themselves checked. In order to help individuals further, Senior Litigation Executive and medical negligence expert Michael Carson, advises individuals on how they know something might not be right. Recalling her own personal experience with cancer, and the symptoms she first spotted, Roberts, who was joined by her partner Kate Holderness said: “When I first started to notice - mucus, first of all, when I would go to the toilet and then it was blood that I would notice. “I was speaking to Kate about it and at first we thought it was because I eat a lot of kale. "I just didn't have cancer on my radar. I didn't realise it could be something like that. I thought it might be IBS, but when it started to get more regular, Kate was like 'you need to call the doctor'. “Even my doctor thought I was too young to get bowel cancer and I'm living proof that you're never too young.”  READ MORE: B12 deficiency symptoms: Three signs in your feet that signal low B12 has caused 'damage'  “It was in a really awkward place but they managed to save my bottom. My stoma is named Audrey. Once I've finished the chemo I should be well again. “I wanna say to people please get checked. Don't be shy. The doctors are awesome and they will look after you.” Bowel Cancer UK explains that bowel cancer, also known as colorectal cancer affects nearly 43,000 people in the UK every year, making it the second biggest cancer killer. In addition, more than nine out of ten new cases (94 percent) are diagnosed in people over the age of 50. However, nearly 2,600 new cases affect people under the age of 50. Having had previous experience with working within the NHS and defending individuals during medical negligence claims, Carson said: “There are three main symptoms [of bowel cancer].  “These are: blood in your poo, although often there is not enough to be seen, a change in bowel habits, especially needing to poo more or having almost diarrhoea a lot, and pains or a lump in the stomach or bloating, especially after eating. “Another sign can also be unexpected or unintended weight loss.” Bowel Cancer UK agrees, adding that individuals can also become overwhelmed by extreme tiredness for no obvious reason before being diagnosed with the condition. It is possible that these symptoms are not the cause of bowel cancer, but it is still pivotal that individuals get themselves checked by a medical professional. Symptoms could be caused by other common conditions such as:  After noticing some of the symptoms listed above, individuals will often need a CT scan, flexible sigmoidoscopy, a colonoscopy to investigate further before it is decided if surgery or other forms of treatment is needed. The NHS explains that if it is detected early enough, treatment can cure bowel cancer and stop it coming back. Unfortunately, however a complete cure is not always possible and there's sometimes a risk that the cancer could come back at a later stage. For some individuals, treatment can be delayed, unreasonable and negligent. Carson provided his advice for anyone who finds themselves in this unfortunate situation. He added: “If any delay or treatment was unreasonable and negligent, then you could be entitled to compensation. “We understand that making a claim can be overwhelming, especially at such a stressful time. We will guide you through the process and help take the stress out of it for you, to help you reach the resolution you deserve. “Without adequate treatment, the cancer can grow and may spread to other parts of the body. Ultimately, failing to treat bowel cancer is likely to be fatal.” 