The May bank holiday has finally arrived in the UK, meaning a glorious long weekend for millions of workers across the country. If you're thinking of making some changes to your home today, it's vital that you check whether your local stores are open before venturing out. People across the UK will benefit from an extra day off work today. It's the final bank holiday day of the year before the long-awaited four-day jubilee weekend next month. But, many retailers closing early to allow staff a longer rest to mark the bank holiday. From Ikea to Dunelm, these are the opening hours you need to know to plan your bank holiday Monday. READ MORE: MPs back calls for annual Thank Holiday in UK All of Ikea's stores are currently open across the UK, including its world-famous restaurants. But there are some slight changes to its opening hours today. Most stores will be open between 10am and 9pm, which is actually very similar to its normal opening times. Each store across the country has slightly different opening times, so it's best to use Ikea's store locator online to check your local shop. The Range has about 200 stores across the UK, as well as eight stores in the Republic of Ireland. All of The Range's stores appear open today, following similar opening hours to normal. Every Monday, the stores are open from 9am until 8pm. But, it's still a good idea to check your local The Range's opening hours online before heading out. DON'T MISSWeather: Britain's sun snatched away as 'fresh Arctic air' sweeps in [ANALYSIS]Bank Holiday weather leads to bizarre chemtrail theories [LATEST]BBC Weather: Brits to bask in 20C warmth thanks to Azores plume [NEWS] There are more than 650 B&M stores in the UK, and shoppers can expect them all to be open on bank holiday Monday. Most shops will be open for customers for a full 12 hours on May 2. It's worth checking your local store online first, but generally they'll be open from 8am to 8pm. The stores will be open for one hour less than normal, with usual Monday opening hours of 8am to 9pm. Dunelm shoppers will be in luck today, as stores are expected to remain open. Stores are usually open on a Monday from 9am to 8pm, and today will be no different. There will be more than 170 Dunelm shops for you to choose from this bank holiday. You can check your local Dunelm store's opening times online, using its store finder.