Dan Walker, 45, has taken to Twitter to share his dismay after a former BBC colleague's bike was stolen. Rory Cellan-Jones took to the micro-blogging site and addressed the incident.  He posted a picture of the cut lock protecting his bike alongside a caption showing his frustration.  The former BBC broadcaster shared the news in view of his 206,700 followers.  He wrote: “Not the best afternoon. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman praised after rescuing stranded hiker on mountain “Brentford lost with virtually the last kick of the match and got outside to find my bike had been stolen.” Dan took the opportunity to respond with a series of angry red emojis. Other followers also expressed their disgust at the situation. Some offered advice to Rory about how to better protect his bike next time.  @Airwatersnow Wrote: “Sorry to hear that. This is best lock u can get.  “Its Glasgow proof ABUS Faltschloss Bordo 6000.”  @Wjpme sympathised: “Really sorry to hear this Rory. It’s a huge problem everywhere. In Copenhagen recently & it seems all bikes are fitted with a lock like the one in the picture.”  @Sevillana8 commented: “That is terrible. Ok football was disappointing but your bike being stolen is a crime.  “I hope the police will investigate.” DON'T MISS... Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker steal Met Gala spotlight [PICS]Brooklyn Beckham shirtless as Nicola Peltz dares to bare at Met Gala [LATEST]Anne Hegerty reacts to Mark Labbett's The Chase replacement [INSIGHT] @Braynework penned: “Seriously crap Rory. Commiserations. I lost 2 Bromptons similarly, one outside ITN, other Paddington. “Only way if outside is Kryptonite lock. Far better a foldable you carry indoors with you. Though don't try the ROH garderobe - they don't accept Bromptons.” Rory was BBC News' technology correspondent. In August 2021, he announced that he will be leaving the BBC in late October, after 40 years of employment. Meanwhile, Dan announced his decision to leave the morning news show on Twitter back in April. The former BBC Breakfast presenter hosted his last show on Tuesday. Dan was inundated with messages from his co-stars after his last appearance on the news programme. Naga is one of the latest of Dan’s former colleagues to wish him good luck in his next role. She said, in response to a recent farewell post by Dan on Instagram: “Have a ball Dan x.”