Tracy (played by Kate Ford) was seething when she learned it was young Max (Paddy Bever) who spiked her daughter Amy’s (Ell Mulvaney) drink at a school party. Daniel (Rob Mallard) was aware of what Max had done but promised to keep his secret so he wouldn’t be expelled. However, secrets don’t stay secret for long on Coronation Street and when the truth came out, Daniel was in big trouble with the Barlows. In upcoming episodes, viewers will see Tracy lash out at Daniel and berate Ken (Bill Roache) for standing by him. As Tracy takes revenge, she could go too far and may end up homeless as Ken grows tried of her scheming. Next week on Coronation Street, Mrs Crawshaw tells Daniel that a permanent teaching post has come up and she’d like him to apply for it. Daniel has made progress at the school and is keen to continue on his current career trajectory. However, Tracy puts a spanner in the works when she threatens to inform Mrs Crawshaw that Daniel knew who spiked Amy. Meanwhile, David (Jack P Shepherd) and Shona Ramsay (Julia Goulding) break the news to Max he will be attending a Pupil Referral Unit for a year. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Tim Metcalfe gets devastating health update Worried Daniel could miss out on a big teaching job, Nicky Wheatley (Kimberly Hart) begs Ken and Tracy to cut him some slack. Ken later shares with Daniel, which leaves Tracy and Amy incredulous. Tracy lashes out at Daniels and it’s then she threatens to report him to the school. Wanting back-up, she heads to the barber’s to recruit David, who’s also furious about the state of Max’s education. David is left pondering whether he will help Tracy while the scorned mother rails at Ken for taking his son’s side. Seeing how his behaviour is tearing his family apart, Daniel breaks the news to Mrs Crawshaw he doesn’t think he’s cut out for teaching. Later in the Rovers, Daniel breaks the news to Nicky and Ken, telling them he plans to give up his career. Listening in, David remarks it’s the best news he has heard in ages. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Tim Metcalfe gets devastating health update  [THEORY]Coronation Street theory: Peter to exit as he claims first victim [SPOILER]Loose Women's Denise Welch issues stern warning over fake Twitter [LATEST] Back at the flat, Daniel tells Nicky he doesn’t feel he deserves to be a teacher and she suggests they could have a future together. Will Daniel decide to leave Weatherfield with baby Bertie and start afresh with Nicky? If Daniel does decide to leave the cobbles, Ken would be heartbroken and would like take his devastation out on Tracy. Knowing Tracy wanted Daniel to suffer, Ken could tell her he’s had enough and throw her out of the family home. The Preston’s Petals owner could be left homeless as her father casts her out for breaking up the Barlow family. Will Tracy be able to convince Daniel to return to Weatherfield so she can move back into Ken’s house? Daniel could be persuaded to stick around as he knows deep down he needs his family around to help him care for Bertie. However, knowing how much pain he has caused, he would ultimately decide it would be best if he leaves. Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday on ITV at 8pm.