Janet Daley, a columnist sat down with journalist Shaun Ley to discuss the Congresswoman's recent comments. Ms Daley discussed how overblown the Northern Ireland Brexit deal row had become. The columnist criticised the US Government claiming that Democrats were going to lose the control of Congress. Earlier this week Ms Pelosi injected herself into the ongoing battle over Norther Ireland protocol, despite much political backlash.  Ms Daley said: "It's perfectly true that you cannot create a hard border in Ireland, across from the Republic to Northern Ireland." Mr Ley told BBC News: "In other words, you cant have customs checks, between Northern Ireland and the Republic." Ms Daley added: "You're talking about a tiny tiny proportion of trade, most of the trade that Ulster does with the UK, not with the Republic. "The whole thing was so... Has become so overblown and so theatrical, and now we have Nany Pelosi marching in with her own theatrics. JUST IN: Have Your Say: Should Charles apologise to Canada? 'It’s not enough'     "Saying Congress won't approve of a free trade deal with the US, but she's not going to be running Congress." Mr Ley added: "No it doesn't look like it at the moment." Ms Daley said: "The Democrats are going to lose the control of Congress." Mr Ley said: "To be fair Robert Sherley is not in Congress, he's in the US State Department, he's Anthony Blinken's most senior, advisor. "And he said on Friday 'we want to see this issue resolved and we want to see temperature lowered and we don't want you to..."  READ MORE: Russian soldier accused of war crimes pleads guilty to killing civilian in landmark trial     Foreign Secretary Liz Truss announced Government plans to axe parts of the Northern Ireland Protocol, causing much political debate. Nancy Pelosi slammed the agreement in Congress, claiming the US Government would not support such a move. The congresswoman said: "It is deeply concerning that the United Kingdom is now seeking to unilaterally discard the Northern Ireland Protocol. "Negotiated agreements like the protocol preserve the important progress and stability forged by the Good Friday Accords, which continue to enjoy strong bipartisan and bicameral support in the United States Congress. "As I have stated in my conversations with the Prime Minister, the Foreign Secretary and Members of the House of Commons if the United Kingdom chooses to undermine the Good Friday Accords, the Congress cannot and will not support a bilateral free trade agreement with the United Kingdom.  "Respectful of the will of the British people and of Brexit, I urge constructive, collaborative and good-faith negotiations to implement an agreement that upholds peace."   DUP leader Sir Jeffrey Donaldson hit back on Friday saying Ms Pelosi's threats about the axing of the Northern Ireland protocol  were "entirely unhelpful." Mr Jeffrey said: "You cannot have powersharing without consensus in Northern Ireland so the bipartisanship or the consensus that is required is not won in the US congress. "It's won in the Northern Ireland Assembly and I would urge Speaker Pelosi to understand that because I think that her contributions are entirely unhelpful. "Offer no solution, offer no help and merely repeat a mantra that frankly is hopelessly out of date." 