NCIS Los Angeles was the first of the spin-offs to come from the mothership and has been able to stand the test of time with much success. The CBS police drama's 13th series only has its grand finale left to air, leaving fans questioning on what could be in store for the show. Here's everything Express.co.uk knows on the future of NCIS Los Angeles. NCIS Los Angeles has been airing for more than a decade and is still managing to reel viewers in every week. So it shouldn't come as too much of a surprise to learn the CBS drama has already been renewed for season 14. The news came of the show's return back in March with the network announcing it had been averaging 7.5million viewers this series. This wasn't the only good news for fans of the NCIS franchise as a whole. READ MORE: Coronation Street fans work out Phill's sinister link to Pat Phelan In the same announcement, CBS revealed the original NCIS mothership had been given the green light for a season 20. Additionally, the latest spin-off NCIS Hawaii will also be returning for a second outing. So there will be plenty more NCIS investigations to look forward to from all three of the dramas. As of yet, an official return date for NCIS Los Angeles hasn't been talked of. While there have been no announcements regarding the season 14 start date, it is widely believed the drama will be back later this year. With previous seasons, NCIS LA has premiered sometime in October and this could very well be the case for this upcoming series. This is a similar time to NCIS and NCIS Hawaii predicted return date with previous start dates around the September mark. In the season 13 penultimate episode, one of the agents was in grave danger. DON'T MISS...David McCallum age: How old is Ducky from NCIS in real life? [AGE]NCIS LA's Katya star inundated with tributes as she leaves role [CAST]NCIS season 19 theory: Parker arrested as finale promo teases twist [THEORY] Agent Callen (played by Chris O'Donnell) had gone missing after Katya (Jana Kolesarova) had created deep fakes to coerce him into co-ordinating a weapons deal. It was up to the team to figure out where Callen was before he got into anymore trouble. Thankfully, the beloved agent was rescued and Katya was mysteriously found shot dead in an area nearby. But it isn't clear who was the one to pull the trigger so this could be the start of another case for the team to crack. Rounding off the series, there's also going to be plenty going on in all of the agents' personal lives. The description for the season 13 grand finale reads: "The NCIS team hunts for a crew that robs a Los Angeles casino with military-grade power. "Also, Kensi and Deeks hear exciting news regarding the adoption, and Callen takes a big step in his relationship with Anna." NCIS Los Angeles season 13 concludes on Sunday, May 22, on CBS in America. The series is also available to watch on Disney+ in the UK.