Painting a wall halfway can actually make a room feel much better. This is especially the case if using tonal colours, as an interior design and home decor expert has said. Rebecca Snowden is an interior style advisor for Furniture and Choice. She told Express.co.uk: "Half-painted walls can also optically enlarge small spaces." She went on: "In the bedroom, for example, create a restful effect with two-tone peach walls, using the lighter peach on top for an airy feel. "In a home office, where you might want to energise the room, opt for a cheerful half-painted yellow wall as this colour is associated with creativity." Using a tonal or monochromatic colour scheme is best for this DIY trick to create a sense of space. READ MORE: 'Never skimp on prep': Avoid the most common DIY renovation painting mistakes A tonal colour scheme is one where different shades of the same colour are used. Using a deeper version of the colour on the lower half of the wall and the light shade on the wall make the ceiling look higher. However, painting walls is not the only way to make a room look bigger, according to the expert. She said: "Using paint to make a room feel bigger doesn’t always mean you have to paint the walls. DON'T MISSHow to choose a fence paint colour to 'fill you with joy' [EXPERT] British homeowner creates incredible DIY Downton Abbey-inspired kitchen [HOMES] Inside Molly Mae's £4m home - luxury paint colours to achieve to look [INTERIORS] "Instead, you can paint your radiator, shelves and light switches in the same colour as the wall it’s on. "This creates the illusion of a seamless, continuous space." When the eye is drawn around the space without interruptions in colour from the radiator light switch, this makes the room look bigger. The same goes for painting the coving, or the decorative strip between the ceiling at the wall the same colour as this wall. This will draw the eye up and make ceilings feel higher. You could also paint furniture, the expert suggested. She told readers: "When painting walls and fixtures aren’t an option, look at the furniture you could paint as an alternative. "For instance, paint classic wooden chairs in a bright yellow or fresh white – these pops of colour can help brighten the room." She also explained how the room can make a small room look bigger. Rebecca said: "Layout in the room is important." Make sure to create a clear pathway around the room, so there is an easy way to navigate and use it." How can you do this? Rebecca said: "Keep the pathway clear and move furniture closer to the walls."