Listeners on Zoe Ball's BBC Radio 2 Breakfast Show voted 'Sweet Caroline' as the track to be sung at street parties held across the UK on June 5. Ms Ball said she hoped up to 10million people would join the nationwide singalong to celebrate the Queen's 70th year on the throne. She said: "We’re hoping also that loads of grassroots music groups and choirs and school bands and brass bands will learn the song and perform it too. "We really want to encourage the country to all come together." Neil Diamond's iconic song was adopted by the Massachusetts baseball team, Boston Red Sox, in 1997. However, England football fans have since been heard singing the anthem and did so when Harry Kane captained the Three Lions to Euro 2020 heartache against Italy at Wembley. JUST IN: Queen Margrethe pays Platinum Jubilee tribute to Elizabeth's 'marvellous' sense of humour Northern Ireland fans will be keen to stress that 'Sweet Caroline' could be heard on the terraces of Windsor Park well before they reached Wembley in the early 2000s. Fans of the Firm took to social media to express their frustration with the decision to sing 'Sweet Caroline' on June 5. Twitter user @TheLadyGarvin said: "Only BBC would ask the British public to sing Sweet Caroline instead of God Save the Queen on HM Jubilee celebrating Queen Elizabeth II 70 years of service. "I cannot believe the snub from our ‘National Broadcaster’. I doubt she’ll be amused…" READ MORE: Queen has 'very attractive voice' says Queen Margrethe as both royals mark Jubilee year Meanwhile @joe_cushnan added: "Queen’s Jubilee. Sweet Caroline. "What is the connection? By the way, I won’t be on my doorstep clapping and singing a Neil Diamond song. Ridiculous." A third user, @mhudders, responded: "Why would the Queen - a woman who a) has a song specifically about her and b) is not called Caroline - want us to sing Sweet Caroline to her?" Another, @gommster, stated: "Has anyone actually checked to find out if the Queen actually likes Sweet Caroline?" While @3hobbits said: "This seems a bit ‘tone deaf’ (see what I did there) given the adoption by English sports fans. DON'T MISS:Trump swats away speculation ex-VP Pence could launch 2024 bid [LATEST]Joe Biden calls for action on gun laws following school 'massacre' [SPOTLIGHT]Boris facing ‘witch-hunt’ as Left want his ‘head on a platter' [ANALYSIS] "Makes it a bit awkward for those in the other three nations to join in. "No matter how nice a singalong it is."