Durham Constabulary announced on Friday that it would open an investigation into the 'Beergate' event in 2021 “following the receipt of significant new information”. Sir Keir Starmer's faithful shadow cabinet have come out to defend the Labour leader - but his former rival for the leadership Lisa Nandy failed to answer questions on whether she would throw her hat into the ring for the top job if her boss was forced to resign. As she was defending Sir Keir’s alleged breach of lockdown rules that made headlines this week, she declined to answer whether she would run to replace him several times. She said: “We need a Labour government led by Keir Starmer that is going to be able to get money back into people’s pockets, deal with the immediate crisis and start to rebuild this country from the ground.” When asked if he should resign if he is found by police to have broken the rules, she also refused to answer. Instead, she claimed “He is Mr Rules. He does not break the rules. READ MORE: Beergate: All we know about Keir Starmer's alleged lockdown breach “He was the director of public prosecutions, not somebody who goes around tearing up rules when it suits him.” “I’m not going to say he’s got to resign and entertain ridiculous hypotheticals.” An internal Labour memo, published on Saturday night, detailed that Sir Keir and his team pre planned to have a curry delivered to the Miners Hall in Durham in April last year, from where footage emerged of him holding a beer and talking to colleagues. Deputy leader Angela Rayner has long appeared to be a thorn in Sir Keir’s side, and they haven’t always seen eye-to-eye on a range of issues. The pair did not choose to work together as they were both elected by party members Ms Rayner would be a likely candidate not just because she is deputy leader, but also because of the backing she has from swathes of MPs and unions. DON'T MISSHave Your Say: Did Keir Starmer mislead the public over pre-planned Beergate? [HAVE YOUR SAY]Beergate: All we know about Keir Starmer's alleged lockdown breach [EXPLAINER]The 12 Tories most likely to replace Boris Johnson [INSIGHT] Andy Burham is another who many have touted as being the next Labour leader. The Manchester Mayor is no stranger to leadership bids, having already gone for the top spot on two occasions, in 2010 and 2015. He said in 2021: “In the distant future, if the party were ever to feel it needed me, well I'm here and they should get in touch.” However, he insisted that for the time being his focus would remain in the north, where he is a popular figure.  He said: "You have to be an MP to stand for the leader of the Labour Party and I'm not aware that the rules have changed. My focus is here." Wes Streeting has also previously been remarked upon as a potential upcoming leader of the Labour Party. Mr Streeting became shadow health secretary in November 2021, and his rise within the party has been swift. After Sir Keir’s election as Labour leader in 2020, Mr Streeting joined the shadow Treasury team and began regular broadcast appearances and being promoted to ever-more senior front-bench roles: shadow schools minister, shadow child poverty secretary, and is now in the shadow health department.