Tina Brown, author of new book The Palace Papers, said the Duchess of Sussex had a "fundamental sense of misunderstanding" when she joined the monarchy. Discussing Meghan and Prince Harry's Australia tour in 2018, Ms Brown told ITV's Lorraine show: "She didn't like it at all. "She found the whole representational job of suppressing your own views and representing the monarchy, for her [it] was just an anathema. "It's not how she viewed her role, the world, she did not understand the point of it and for her, yes she was a great success, but it was not something she wanted to do. "I think that was her fundamental sense of misunderstanding of what was going to happen when she joined the Royal Family. "She saw the palaces and Diana as this global humanitarian superstar, but forgot that for 16 or 17 years Diana worked like a dog within the Royal Family doing a great deal of very humdrum assignments. "It was her charisma she brought to the job that made her so extraordinarily special." Meghan joined the Royal Family when she and Harry tied the knot in 2018. But less than two years later in January 2020, the couple announced bombshell plans to step back as senior working royals. READ MORE: Netflix axing of Pearl branded 'a complete disaster' for Meghan They wanted a half-in half-out model continuing to support the Queen while earning their own money. But the idea was deemed unworkable amid fears they would be accused of cashing in on their royal status. Harry and Meghan carried out their final royal engagements in March 2020 before moving across the pond. They are now pursuing new lives of personal and financial freedom in the US. DON'T MISSVine guest in compelling argument to keep monarchy long-term [VIDEO]Royal Family LIVE: Meghan has 'nothing to show' as Queen withdraws [LIVE BLOG]Meghan and Harry had to grapple with 'lot of disdain' from royal aides [INSIGHT] The couple are living in the celebrity enclave of Montecito in California with their two children Archie and Lili. Their post-royal careers include lucrative deals with Netflix and Spotify. Meghan's first podcast series called Archetypes which explores female stereotypes is out this Summer. However, it recently emerged her animated show Pearl has been dropped by Netflix.