Sergio Perez has signed a new two-year deal with Red Bull days after winning the Monaco Grand Prix. The contract extension means the Mexican will remain with the team until the end of the 2024 season.  Perez ‘feels at home’ at the team and praised his and Verstappen's strong relationship as he put pen to paper. He said: “For me, this has been an incredible week, winning the Monaco Grand Prix is a dream for any driver and then to follow that with announcing I will continue with the team until 2024 just makes me extremely happy. I am so proud to be a member of this team and I feel completely at home here now. “We are working very well together and my relationship with Max, on and off the track, is definitely helping drive us forward even more. We have built tremendous momentum as a team and this season is showing that, I am excited to see where that can take us all in the future.” READ MORE: Max Verstappen's dad takes aim at Red Bull after Monaco GP The contract is the third the Mexican has signed with the team in a little over two years but is his longest deal at the squad. He joined on a one-year contract for the 2021 season and was rewarded with another one-year extension ahead of this season. However, the Mexican has appeared closer to Verstappen's pace this season, picking up pole at the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix and now his first win of the season. Team principal Christian Horner praised Perez's skills as a 'team player' and warned he was still a 'force to be reckoned with' in F1. He said: “Since joining Oracle Red Bull Racing, Checo has done a fantastic job. Time and again he has proved himself to not only be a magnificent team player but as his level of comfort has grown he has become a real force to be reckoned with at the sharp end of the grid. DON'T MISSFIA rule error prompted Ferrari's call for Red Bull investigation [INSIGHT]Verstappen backed to beat Leclerc as Ferrari warned over mistakes [ANALYSIS]Christian Horner calls for Monaco GP review despite Red Bull winning [COMMENT] “This year he has taken another step and the gap to World Champion Max has closed significantly, evidenced by his superb pole position in Jeddah earlier this year and by his wonderful win in Monaco just last weekend. “For us, holding onto his pace, race craft and experience was a no-brainer and we are delighted that Checo will continue to race for the team until 2024. In partnership with Max we believe we have a driver pairing that can bring us the biggest prizes in F1.” Perez appeared to let details of his new contract slip moments after winning the Monaco Grand Prix on Sunday. The Mexican embraced Horner and said loudly: “I probably signed too early." In the post-race press conference, Perez and Verstappen both laughed at the slip but claimed he was referring to signing a champagne bottle rather than a new deal. 