The Duchess of Cambridge, 40, appeared over the moon as she took part in a Roots of Empathy session at St John's Primary School in Glasgow. Kate was in the company of her husband Prince William, 39, as they met youngsters and their teachers. As the couple began their visit to the school, close to the banks of the River Clyde in Inverclyde, William joked: "Can you get my wife out of here before she gets broody?" Among the children Kate met was 10-month-old Saul Molloy, to whom the Duchess read a few pages from the book 'That's not my dinosaur...' The Duchess was photographed holding the book for the baby and cuddling him when he started crying. During the visit to the Scottish school, Kate and William also met seven-year-old children and took part in the activity organised by Action for Children - of which the Duchess if the patron - focused on learning about empathy and emotions. The Duchess stressed the importance of teaching emotional literacy to children and called for similar classes to be taught across the whole country. For her first stop in Glasgow, the Duchess donned a light blue blouse paired with navy trousers. She accessorised her look with blue pumps and donned a pair of pearl earrings. Kate has made the early years and providing children with the best start in life one of the main focuses of her royal work. Another pillar of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's job is breaking the stigma surrounding mental health as well as shining the light on mental health issues. Earlier this month, she became the royal patron of an organisation bringing together her two main interests, the Maternal Mental Health Alliance. The UK charity brings together more than 100 organisations ensuring women and families affected by perinatal mental health challenges have access to high quality, comprehensive care and support. READ MORE: Prince Charles chuckles as he's spotted with Rishi Sunak in London The Duchess' close encounter with little Saul came after she confessed she enjoys working with young children. Kate made this revelation as she was touring Copenhagen in February to learn more about the world-leading approach Denmark has to early childhood. While speaking with the mothers of two eight-month-old babies, the Duchess said, referring to working with youngsters: "It makes me very broody. "William always worries about me meeting under one-year-olds. "I come home saying, 'Let's have another one'." Kate and Prince William, who are touring Glasgow on Wednesday and Thursday to mark Mental Health Awareness Week, will visit Glasgow University today to discuss mental health with staff and students. They will also hear about the pioneering work being done by researchers at the school of Psychology and Neuroscience. While in Scotland, the Duke and Duchess will also focus on a topic very close to William's heart - fighting homelessness. The pair are scheduled to visit a project operated by The Wheatley Group to witness first-hand how the organisation is helping vulnerable people and those at risk of homelessness transform their lives. William and Kate, who are known as the Earl and Countess of Strathearn when north of the border, will speak directly to service users who have benefitted from access to employment support to help mitigate the impact of poverty. Moreover, the royals are to visit a new-build property in the Kennishead area and will hear about the importance of good-quality, secure housing. Prince William learned about homelessness thanks to Princess Diana, who famously brought her children to homeless shelters. Recalling the powerful experience, he said: "I was very struck by the people I met and what they were struggling with – sleeping rough, sofa surfing, not having basic comforts a lot of us take for granted. "That really struck me at a young age, bearing in mind the gulf for me, growing up in a palace, and seeing the other end of the spectrum where others were faced with huge personal challenges and were overcoming them. That was powerful to see at a young age." In 2005, he became the patron of Centrepoint, a charity supporting young people which had been previously supported by the Princess of Wales. Four years later, he joined the charity's CEO, Seyi Obakin, to spend a night sleeping out on the streets of London to learn about the challenges and issues people sleeping rough experience on a daily basis.