The microwave is one of the most-used appliances in my household, meaning it can get dirty quickly. Food splatters and particles settle on the interior of the microwave and it is one job that I dread doing, which is why I put it off for as long as possible. However, if not cleaned regularly, bacteria can start to grow inside and odours can fill the kitchen, so it was one job on my weekend to-do list. When I came across a hack which claimed to be “quick and easy” online, I decided to give it a go. The inside of my microwave was covered in food splatters and grease, which had all settled and become rock solid. After researching the best way to clean a microwave without fancy products, I settled on using a lemon with hot water. I have used lemons around the house for cleaning various times but never when cleaning the microwave. READ MORE: How to sharpen your lawn mower blades - safest method Cutting up a lemon into slices, I placed them in a glass bowl along with some hot, but not boiling water. I then placed the bowl in the microwave and put it on for around two minutes. The water started bubbling and the kitchen started filling with a gorgeous lemon scent. I then took the bowl out and the particles of food and grease just wiped off. DON'T MISS:‘Household remedy’ to help remove ‘significant dirt’ from ovens [EXPERT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘cheap as chips’ hack to get rid of fruit flies [COMMENT]Wallpaper: ‘Do’s and don’ts’ when DIYing to ‘do a room justice’ [EXPLAINER] I was so shocked that I was able to wipe away the dirt with some kitchen roll, leaving behind no marks at all. The steam trapped inside helped loosen the gunk, allowing me to wipe it away. Lemons are super affordable to pick up, I managed to pick up a bag of four for just 89p. I only used one lemon to clean out the microwave which meant it cost me just over 20p to clean my microwave. What’s more, it left a lovely fragrance in my kitchen for hours after cleaning. Lemon juice is known for its antibacterial and antifungal properties which makes it a great natural cleaner. Last week I cleaned out my nan’s washing machine drawer after noticing it was covered in mould and grime. After searching through my cleaning cupboard for a suitable product, I settled with The Pink Stuff Miracle Cleaning Paste by Stardrops. Along with an old toothbrush, I lathered the paste all over the washing machine drawer and began to scrub. The mould started to disappear and with a little bit of boiling water, the gunk dissolved. The company behind the pink paste claims the list of surfaces it can be used on is “endless”. They said: “The Pink Stuff Miracle Cleaning Paste is perfect for cleaning dirt, grime, and stains on saucepans, cooker tops, sinks, uPVC, barbecues, ceramic tiles, glass, showers, garden furniture, paintwork, boats, brass and rust…the list is endless. “Its natural formulation has been developed to provide high performance without the need for harsh chemicals.” After using the product, I rinsed the drawer under hot water and it looked brand new.