Lewis Hamilton was ‘searching for the white flag’ after Mercedes' disastrous start to the new season, according to David Coulthard. The former McLaren and Red Bull star said Hamilton showed his ‘frustration’ over his poor results in the first five races of the season but ‘thankfully’ he couldn't find it. Hamilton suggested the team retire the car to save the engine after a lap one accident with Kevin Magnussen left him 30 seconds behind the nearest car. However, moments later his team denied his request, claiming he could still reach 8th which got him to refocus on chasing points. This led to a spectacular comeback drive which saw Hamilton finish fifth to score a double points finish for the Silver Arrows. Coulthard told Channel 4: “The underlying pace of the Mercedes was good. He did his usual brilliant self in terms of focussing on the job at hand. “I think it showed actually, the frustration of the first few races meant he was searching for that white flag. “Thankfully he couldn't find it. READ MORE: Mercedes have 'tricks up their sleeves' for Monaco GP  “And his team despite the adversity they’re struggling with right now, calm as you like. These engineers, they’re not only people who understand vehicle dynamics they’re psychologists as well. "We can still get points Lewis’, even if they didn’t know that at that point, it sends a clear target to their driver.” After the race, Hamilton claimed he was in ‘no man’s land’ after the accident but praised his team for keeping him on track. The seven-time champion closed the gap in the Drivers' World Championship with Charles Leclerc retiring. He said: “I was 30 seconds behind last place, that's like no man's land, it’s a horrible feeling being that far behind. You just have to keep your head up, keep pushing. DON'T MISSToto Wolff sends message to Lewis Hamilton and George Russell [INSIGHT]Damon Hill fires warning to Max Verstappen and Charles Leclerc  [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton opens up on 'horrible feeling' in Spanish GP [COMMENT] "They said I could maybe get to eighth and eighth doesn't feel like a particularly impressive result but at least I can get in the points. But to be fighting for fourth, I was so happy with that. If I didn't have that issue at the beginning, who knows where I would be at the end.” Toto Wolff also praised Hamilton for continuing and claimed he could have won the race had it not been for the opening lap incident. He explained: “For Lewis, misfortune on the opening lap but what a recovery drive from then on, fantastic. As a driver, it's always difficult when you are 50 seconds down but we never give up, and his pace at the end was stunning, he could have raced for the win.”