Prince Harry and Meghan Markle revealed that they are still planning on attending the Platinum Jubilee to mark the monarch’s 70 years on the throne that begins on June 2, with fears that the focus could be placed on the two. A statement revealed that Harry and Meghan would not be on the Buckingham Palace balcony during the Trooping the Colour event, along with the Duke of York.  But the Queen is not planning on banning the pair from the event altogether, with royal expert Angela Levin saying: “At the end of her years she wants the Royal Family around her.” Harry still plans on attending the event to mark his grandmother’s anniversary, but reports have said he may be planning on bringing the cameras with him as he starts filming for his Netflix series. The pair have been savaged over the unconfirmed docu-series, with one commentator claiming it is an opportunity for the couple to “exploit” their royal titles. No content has been published by the couple so far, but the filming is reportedly in the works after the pair signed a deal with the streaming service back in 2020 after departing royal duties.  There have been warnings that the couple’s presence could overshadow the festivities, with many looking out for interactions between the royal family upon their return. According to a source, Prince Harry and Meghan have been “reassured” about security arrangements for him and his children, Archie, three, and Lilibet, ten months. When the couple visited the Queen at Windsor last month, they brought over their own private bodyguards from the US but stayed on the Queen’s Windsor estate and received a Special Escort Group when travelling outside. It is believed that the Queen “wants the family to put on a united front” for the festivities, but has made the decisive decision to only include working royals for the Buckingham Palace parade. READ MORE: Royal Family: Sussexes set for 'very, very isolated' anniversary  The statement released by Royal Communications said: “After careful consideration, the Queen had decided this year’s traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday 2nd June will be limited to Her Majesty and those members of the royal family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of the Queen.” It was only earlier this week that Prince William stepped in for the Queen and travelled to the United Arab Emirates to offer his condolences on her behalf following the death of their President. When revealing their attendance on Twitter, reporter Omid Scobie said: “Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are excited and honoured to attend The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations this June with their children.” Earlier this month, questions were raised as to whether Harry would attend the historic event, with some claiming there was a clash in dates with his Polo tournament. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry accused of 'destroying the Royal Family' [INSIGHT]Queen honours 8 areas with new city status for Platinum Jubilee - list [REPORT]Sussexes snubbed from balcony over fears royals would 'resent' them [ANALYSIS]  The ban on members allowed on the Buckingham Palace balcony is likely to be viewed as a rejection of Harry and Meghan who quit the monarchy for their new lives in the US two years ago, and of Andrew who was cast out following his civil sexual assault case. But it is believed the Queen hopes to maintain a relationship with her grandson who strenuously denies all accusations levelled against him. 