British tourists have been met with travel chaos at airports across the UK as they try to get away for half-term. Passengers have reported terrible queues at Stansted airport this morning. One traveller, Cliff Woodward, tweeted: “Absolute jokes Stansted airport. Queues are horrendous, staff super slow and hundreds missing their flights. “What are you going to do to sort this mess? #Shambles.” Chloe Wilson tweeted: “Made it out of Stansted airport this morning flying with Ryanair. “Queues, horrendous especially through security. Definitely arrive three hours early. READ MORE: TUI set to cancel six flights a day until end of June “Airport staff are all doing a brilliant job at keeping people informed. Definitely worth paying the extra £7 for fast track security.” Mark Buckland tweeted: “Getting through security at Stansted airport is an absolute joke!” Scott Wellcome tweeted: “Stansted airport, you are a complete joke… Two hours for fast track security! “Pay up, employ more staff, embarrassing.” However, another passenger said they managed to make it through security in just 15 minutes this morning. Stansted airport replied to one complaining passenger in a tweet, saying: “We’re sorry to hear of the delay in security.” In another tweet the airport said: “Our teams in the terminal are on hand to support where possible and we are working hard to reduce delays. “We hope any future security experiences are up to the mark.” In another tweet it said: “Take time. Allow plenty of time for your airport journey by arriving at the earliest time your airport recommends. “This is usually three hours before your flight. Passengers who arrive too early may have to wait before check-in opens.” It also said: “Don’t forget you can take advantage of Jet2’s twilight check-in service the night before your morning flight. “One person in your party can drop off up to six people’s bags. You can do this 3-8pm the evening before your flight.” Passengers are advised to arrive early for their flight but shouldn’t arrive before the recommended time as this could make queues worse. Travel expert, Simon Calder advised passengers to “make a fuss” if they’re stuck in a security queue in the final hour before their flight. He told ITV’s Good Morning Britain that there could be other passengers in the queue with flights leaving later. British travellers have faced widespread chaos over the last few days with a growing list of flight cancellations. TUI, easyJet and British Airways have all cancelled flights as the industry struggled with staff shortages.