Meghan Markle, 40, lives in Montecito in Santa Barbara where her husband Prince Harry, 37, plays for a local polo team. The Duchess of Sussex has attended many games over the past few weeks. For her style choices, Meghan has opted for shorts each time she’s attended a match.  Shorts are not often seen on members of the Royal Family, as protocol requires royals to dress modestly according to style experts. However, Kate Middleton was seen wearing shorts when on her royal tour in the Caribbean with Prince William. The Duchess of Cambridge’s shorts were slightly longer than Meghan’s, probably due to style protocols when performing royal duties. READ MORE: Sussexes 'still pushing for royal life' - celeb life has 'lot of risk'  Daena Borrowman, the Marketing Manager at jewellerybox, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to explain the difference between what Kate and Meghan are allowed to wear. She said: “There are dozens of somewhat outdated royal protocols in place to guide working royals about dressing for 'the job'. “However, royal women are choosing their outfits to keep up with the times, in order to appear more relatable to the public,” the expert claimed.  Daena explained: “One royal who has nailed down the art of always dressing appropriately for an occasion is the Duchess of Cambridge. “She ditched her glamorous occasion wear and heels for a pair of chino shorts, a polo shirt and trainers to attend a sailing regatta during her trip to the Bahamas. “In fact, this is not Kate’s first time wearing shorts in public and it’s unlikely it will be her last. “She is well aware of the power of her sartorial choices and the role they play in modernising the image of the British monarchy worldwide.”  Is Meghan demonstrating her freedom to wear what she wants out in California? Daena added: “The Duchess of Sussex was spotted wearing shorts twice over the weekend in California. “Both looks were monochrome, which is very Meghan. “One was a pair of white shorts with a white button-down and the other was a pair of denim shorts with a chambray shirt.  “With no palace dress code to hold her back in California, the Duchess has really been able to re-embrace her spectacular sense of style.” Prince Harry competes for Los Padres at Santa Barbara Racquet and Polo Club in Carpinteria, California. Meghan is often spotted supporting Harry at the Santa Barbara Polo Club with Harry and his team Los Padres. His team are now heading to the Finals of the Folded Hills Pope Challenge. 