The National Association of Environmental Health Companies (Anecpla) has warned that the black fly could cause problems. It said more must be done to control fly numbers. The population has surged in areas close to rivers although it is not an invasive species in Spain. It has been known to cause serious illnesses in countries in Africa as well as in South America. Sergio Monge, president of Anecpla, said: “The administrations must make major efforts to control this species, because otherwise it could result in an important public health problem in Spain.” The black fly can transmit serious diseases such as onchocerciasis which can cause blindness. READ MORE: Travel tips: Save £192 on family flights with clever booking trick According to the World Health Organisation, around 270,000 people worldwide have been blinded by the disease. Black flies tend to breed near rivers especially if water is clean and there is floating vegetation. Andalucia, Aragon, Catalonia, Madrid, Murcia and Valencia are the areas most affected by the flies. Due to rising temperatures, the flies have grown bigger than before and are now around 6mm long. The impact of climate change could cause the fly problem to become much more severe. The flies don’t sting people but bite and can leave a painful large wound. If it becomes infected people may need to go to hospital. Experts say that people should not scratch the wound if bitten and should apply ice to reduce inflammation. If people experience a reaction to the bite, they should travel to the nearest health centre or hospital. Black flies are most active in the day and can get under clothing to reach a person’s skin. ANECPLA advises people to wear pale-coloured clothes as bright clothing could attract the flies. People should also avoid areas near rivers, especially during the late afternoon and fit mosquito netting to doors and windows in areas at risk. Residents should also keep water containers covered and control drainage around their home. Tourists should also use certified insect repellents to protect themselves from the creatures. Repellents that contain citronella are particularly effective at deterring the black flies from biting. They can be purchased online or at most major pharmacies and supermarkets. Experts have said that rising temperatures caused by climate change could make the situation worse.