Heidi Klum shared a series of jaw-dropping photos on Tuesday as the model took to Instagram and packed on the PDA with her husband Tom Kaulitz, 31. The married couple posed together on a balcony as they enjoyed a romantic date night, as the model's other half cheekily grabbed her bottom. Heidi showcased her enviable physique in a black dress which clung to her curves. The figure-hugging minidress showed off her ample cleavage as the beauty flashed her long legs. Her outfit boasted cutouts down the sides flashing a peek of extra skin and revealing she had forgone underwear. Heidi's blonde tresses flowed loosely down her back as she grinned in a number of photos. READ MORE: Pregnant Adriana Lima causes a stir as model exposes baby bump The age-defying beauty kept her makeup light as she opted for a smokey eye and nude lips. In view of her 9.4 million followers, the German-American model uploaded a slew of photos of the couple's time together. The first photo showed the model highlighting her physique as she beamed away from the camera. Another shot saw her with her beau as he had his hand firmly on her bottom.   Heidi captioned the post: "Date night," followed by a heart emoji. It comes just moments after she shared a risqué video where she almost spilled out of her show-stopping attire. The beauty danced to Raving George's song, You're Mine. As she danced and performed her signature model walk, Heidi went close up to the camera and put her cleavage directly into the camera. DON'T MISS... Eva Longoria dazzles in jaw-dropping display for Top Gun: Maverick[LATEST]Marnie Schulenburg dead: As The World Turns star dies aged 37[TRIBUTES]Jay Blades bids farewell to TV show after 'final episode'[TV] The model chuckled after cheekily flashing her assets to the camera. In another video, both husband and wife shared a kiss as they adoringly stared into each other's eyes. The supermodel and Tom initially sparked relationship rumors in 2018. The fashion industry figure was married to stylist Ric Pipino, with whom she tied the knot in 1997. The former couple remained together for a total of five years before they called it quits on their romanHeidi later began dating businessman Flavio Briatore, with whom she welcomed a daughter named Leni in 2004. The pair separated prior to the birth of their daughter, and Heidi began dating singer Seal that same year. The couple tied the knot in 2005, and went on to welcome a total of three children together. However, Heidi and Seal eventually separated in 2012 and their divorce was finalized two years later.