Prince Harry began to show increasing signs of irritation towards the media during his and Meghan Markle's South African tour in 2019. Speaking on the latest episode of Vanity Fair's royal podcast Dynasty, hosts Katie Nicholl and Erin Vanderhoof discussed Harry's attitudes towards the press and how he would "lash out" at paparazzi, after asking to be left alone. Speaking on Dynasty, Ms Nicholl said: "When you look at images of him [Harry] as a young boy, more often than not, he is sticking his tongue out at the photographers. "You know, as a adult, he used to lash out at some of the paparazzi. "I have witnessed him get really angry with paps that used to follow him around London and Harry knew some of them by name and sometimes he tried pleaded with them to leave him along and when they didn't, occasionally he'd lash out at them". Ms Vanderhoof added: "It just always seemed like Harry has not had the same desparate desire to keep on journalists' good side as the rest of royals did. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: This is urgent! Queen sent warning over Harry role as William steps in "You know, keeping the press sweet, keeping people excited to follow you and hear about you and cover your charity projects, is one of the main rules of the monarchy". Ms Vanderhoof continued: "By Harry's later teenage years, I think he just stopped playing by the rules". During the Sussexes' 2019 South African tour, Harry was filmed reacting with disdain to Sky News royal correspondent Rhiannon Mills asking him a question. Speaking on the royal documentary The Princes and The Press, which was previously aired on BBC, Ms Mills spoke out about the encounter. Ms Mills admitted she realised she had "kicked the wasp's nest" when the Duke of Sussex reacted negatively to her asking a question about his work during a stop to Malawi. READ MORE: Queen's Speech: Charles steps up to address MPs - as proud Camilla can't stop smiling Also in 2019, Prince Harry lashed out at the British media for its treatment of his wife, Meghan. He accused the press of hounding her the way it did his mother, Princess Diana, who died in a 1997 car crash while trying to elude paparazzi. At the time, Harry said: “My deepest fear is history repeating itself. "I’ve seen what happens when someone I love is commoditized to the point that they are no longer treated or seen as a real person. "I lost my mother and now I watch my wife falling victim to the same powerful forces". In early 2020, Prince Harry and Meghan announced they were to step down as senior working royals. They claimed that their announced came "after many months of reflection and internal discussions". They declared they wanted to work to "become financially independent, while continuing to fully support Her Majesty The Queen".