Tottenham are interested in signing Richarlison, Anthony Gordon and Ben Godfrey as Everton battle to keep their heads above water in their quest for survival, according to reports. Frank Lampard's Toffees can take another step closer to safety on Wednesday evening when they travel to Vicarage Road to face Watford, who were relegated to the Championship on Saturday after a 1-0 defeat at Crystal Palace.  However, Everton are not over the line just yet despite back-to-back victories over Chelsea and Leicester. The uncertain nature of their status has placed a number of their fellow Premier League clubs on red alert, particularly given some of the quality within the squad. According to The Telegraph, Tottenham are watching the situation closely and Spurs hold an interest in Richarlison and homegrown duo Gordon and Godfrey. Both payers tick an important box for the Toffees, who also have a number of other English players within their squad including Jordan Pickford, Dominic Calvert-Lewin, Dele Alli, Michael Keane, Demerai Gray and Andros Townsend. READ MORE: Solskjaer 'ready to return and has received Premier League approaches' since Man Utd axe Premier League clubs need to register at least eight homegrown players within their 25-man squads. That's why the likes of Gordon and Godfrey remain high in demand, despite the defender's shaky performances at the back this season... Gordon is quickly developing into one of Everton's most important players after breaking into the first-team set-up under Carlo Ancelotti. Everton will not entertain the idea of selling the winger, who had been one of their best performers during their battle to beat the drop. DON'T MISSNapoli star Victor Osimhen 'chooses' between Arsenal and Manchester United transferLiverpool ace Mohamed Salah details meaning behind Real Madrid tweet - 'It's revenge time'Seven players watched by Manchester United scouts since March ahead of transfer shake-up Richarlison, meanwhile, could be set to face an important decision over his future on Merseyside ahead of November's World Cup in Qatar. The Brazilian international has made it clear on several occasions that he wants to play Champions League football but still, he has remained loyal to Everton. Manchester United are another club to have internally discussed the possibility of signing him this summer. Right now, his focus remains on helping Everton preserve their top-flight status. Tottenham are on the lookout for recruits ahead of the summer transfer window, when Spurs are expected to back Antonio Conte in order to keep him on board in north London. The Italian wants to start putting his own stamp on the team and make them Champions League regulars again. Daniel Levy is set to dig his hands deep into his pockets this time around - otherwise he will be faced with the prospect of Conte walking away.