In a specially recorded video for Express.co.uk Ukraine MP and businessman Oleksii Goncharenko, who has been on the front line to defend Kyiv and the country’s Parliament, has called for Russia to be held to account for its atrocities. It follows the publication of a report by two leading international thinktanks which details the crimes against humanity committed by Putin’s regime and his military since he ordered the invasion of Ukraine in February. The New Lines Institute for Strategy and Policy and the Raoul Wallenberg Centre for Human Rights have produced a scathing report into the mass killings, deportations, rape and other crimes committed by Putin’s forces in Ukraine. The report is the first proper investigation into the alleged war crimes and human rights abuses committed by Russia in the war. Previously, the New Lines Institute and Raoul Wallenberg Centre have done extensive work on the Rohingya and Uyghur genocides in Burma and China — including producing the first report to make a determination of genocide in Xinjiang applying the 1948 Genocide Convention. Dr Azeem Ibraham of the New Lines Institute said: “This report reasonably concludes that Russia bears State responsibility for breaches of Article II and Article III (c) of the Genocide Convention to which it is bound. The report also concludes that there exists undoubtedly a very serious risk of genocide, triggering States’ duty to prevent under Article I of the Genocide Convention.” Mr Goncharenko said: “This absolutely proves that Russia is committing genocide in Ukraine today. “They found serious grounds and absolute proof that several items on the convention of the prevention of genocide of the United Nations was violated and we can see the clear attempts of the Russian state to eliminate Ukraine as a national group not to accept that this is a separate group which was before accepted in Russian law. “Also, a pattern of atrocities which were committed by Russian enemies in Ukraine including mass murders, rapes, deportations including children.” He went on: “All these moments are clearly showing that this is a conscious genocide which is now happening in Ukraine. READ MORE: Turkey considers using Nato expansion talks to end Cyprus dispute “It means that according to conventions all states which ratify this convention - and there are more than 150, including, cynically, the Russian Federation - should react. “I want to remind you that genocide is not just the killing of everybody in public of opinion but it also things like the deportation of children, changing their identity, sexual violence against women and certainly mass murders. “The world needs to react to stop the most awful crime which exists.” DON'T MISS Britain faces another FIVE YEARS of EU laws as Rees-Mogg slow to act [REVEAL]Nancy Pelosi SILENT on her husband’s arrest [REACT]Boris on brink as Tory MPs expect to trigger for vote of confidence [INSIGHT] The damning report accuses Putin of using propaganda to hide his country’s crimes from Russians domestically. It notes: “The Kremlin has repeatedly denied that its forces have committed atrocities, referring to them as ‘fakes,’ thereby enabling soldiers to commit and the Russian public to condone further atrocities. “The Kremlin has even celebrated soldiers from the 64th Separate Guards Motor Rifle Brigade suspected of mass killing in Bucha. On April 18, Putin awarded the brigade an honorary title for ‘protecting Russia’s sovereignty,’ praising the unit’s “great heroism and courage … a role model in fulfilling its military duty, valour, dedication and professionalism.” “Russian soldiers of impressionable military age are further indoctrinated through the required reading of Putin’s essay on the ‘Unity of Russians and Ukrainians’ and daily ‘informational television programs’ (other than Sunday).” The report details a series of mass murders and killings throughout the Russian campaign in detail as well as the use of sexual violence and deportation of children. The International Criminal Court is investigating alleged Russian crimes after Boris Johnson and the UK Government led an international effort to open proceedings.