Ten fire engines were dispatched to the scene in Whitstable Harbour, with fire crews making "steady progress" to extinguish the blaze. Thick smoke could be seen rising from the scene, with several public transport services diverted in the area.     Local residents have been advised to stay away from the immediate vicinity and keep all doors and windows shut. The blaze broke out in the seaside town around 1.30pm. KentOnline reporter Lydia Chantler-Hicks told the local outlet the heat of the flames could be felt at a distance of 100ft. She said: "Crews are using jets of water but it doesn't seem to be having any effect."  "It's a timber building and is burning so hot. "Pieces of timber are falling down. "Wind is blowing the fire in the direction of the South Quay Shed."  The South Quay Shed houses a number of local businesses, including newly-opened eateries. READ MORE: Fury over plan to build huge Berlin Wall-style fence next to main road The centre, which includes a bar operated by the local council, only opened for business for the first time earlier this week. A spokesperson for Kent Fire and Rescue Service said: "Kent Fire and Rescue Service remains at the scene of a fire at a commercial premises in Whitstable Harbour. "Ten fire engines and a height vehicle are in attendance, and crews are making steady progress, using hose reel jets and compressed air foam to tackle the fire. "Anyone living or working nearby is still advised to keep windows and doors closed as a precaution due to smoke, and to avoid the area where possible while the emergency services deal with the incident. DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: Truss speaks out after 'outrageous' US comment [LIVE] POLL: Are YOU worried about Monkeypox? [VOTE] Queen backed! Meghan and Andrew balcony snub supported by Britons [REVEAL]  "Please share this message with anyone who may not have access to the internet, thank you." Canterbury City Council has launched an investigation into the cause of the fire. Councillor Clare Turnbull described the "awful" smoke from the scene. She said: "There was really acrid, yellow billowing smoke coming out.    "The flames were blazing out of the shed and they started coming out of the roof of the restaurant above the fish market. "The problem we've got is this gusty wind which is blowing the smoke and flames right across to the other buildings. "There have been fire engines and police galore, it's really well organised with a quick response. "One of the main fears is protecting the South Quay Shed that opened just the other day. "People are worried about their businesses. And also we've got the Jubilee weekend coming up. It's awful timing but the main thing is no one is hurt." 