Nottingham Forest defender Steve Cook has thanked paramedics for saving his father's life shortly before kick-off against Bournemouth on Tuesday evening. Forest were ultimately consigned to a play-off spot after seeing their hopes of automatic promotion ended by the Cherries, who sealed a return to the Premier League for next season by earning a narrow but crucial victory under the lights at the Vitality Stadium. Kieffer Moore's late winner saw Bournemouth join Fulham in confirming their promotion to England's top flight at the expense of Forest, who will be forced to make it through the Championship play-offs in order to join them next season. Cook was simply grateful that his father was still alive at the end of the game, though, after he was saved from a cardiac arrest by medical staff prior to the match."First of all a big congratulations to Bournemouth on promotion but tonight I need to thank the paramedics at the game," wrote Cook on Twitter."Unfortunately my dad suffered a cardiac arrest just before the game and they managed to bring him back to life. I’ll forever be grateful for their actions." JUST IN: Liverpool ace Virgil van Dijk labelled ‘best centre-half ever’ Cook went on to play for 84 minutes at the Vitality Stadium but was unable to prevent Bournemouth from breaking the deadlock and rubber-stamping their return to the Premier League after a two-year spell in the Championship. The 31-year-old, who spent a decade with the Cherries before joining Forest for an undisclosed fee in January, suffered a nasty cut during the first half before it was stitched up at the interval to allow him to continue.He is still regarded as a club legend by the vast majority of those connected to Bournemouth, who managed to secure promotion thanks to Moore's late goal. The Welshman curled the ball past Forest goalkeeper Brice Samba with just seven minutes remaining to seal a welcome victory for the hosts and spark wild celebrations from the vociferous home supporters at the full-time whistle. Cook played in over 370 games in all competitions for Bournemouth during his time at the Vitality Stadium before making the switch to the City Ground earlier this year. He was making his 17th appearance for Forest on his first return to Bournemouth since leaving the club and has largely impressed for the east Midlands outfit under the guidance of Steve Cooper over the last few months.Meanwhile, it remains to be seen whether Cook will be able to inspire Forest to promotion through the play-offs, with this year's semi-finals set to get underway next week. They currently sit third in the Championship table but find themselves level on points with fourth-placed Huddersfield Town ahead of their final game of the regular season against Hull City on Saturday. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here