Police spent £460,000 on these inquiries, and it's no wonder that they have struggled to solve so many crimes when these resources were devoted to determining whether people attended a party. The fact that Mr Johnson received only one fine puts the whole affair into perspective. A total of 83 people received fixed penalty notices, but opposition attempts to pin this all on the Prime Minister do not stand up to scrutiny. Meanwhile, Labour leader Keir Starmer finds himself on a sticky wicket after becoming the subject of a police inquiry himself. Mr Johnson still awaits the publication of civil servant Sue Gray's report into the affair, and it is likely to highlight mistakes that were made. But as senior Conservative Iain Duncan Smith says, the Prime Minister has important work to do and must now be allowed to get on with it. There is a cost of living crisis, and the conflict in Ukraine shows no sign of ending soon. Conservative MPs who were considering attempting to depose the Prime Minister appear to have moved on. Now is the time for Mr Johnson and his government to focus on issues that really matter.  We all want our local communities to be safe places for ourselves and our loved ones. That means police tackling crime and dealing with the perpetrators. It also means ensuring offenders are helped to turn their lives around, rather than committing more crimes once their punishment is over. The Ministry of Justice's pioneering new residential centre for women aims to do just that, and it's based on a strategy that is already proven to work. In addition, the Government's "Turnaround" scheme will help thousands of troubled teenagers live productive and fulfilling lives. As Justice Secretary Dominic Raab says, prevention is better than cure. This is money well spent. Who hasn't imagined what life would be like after winning the lottery? For Joe and Jess Thwaite, the dream has become a reality. They're now richer than James Bond - or, at least, the actor who portrays him. Despite their big win they appear to be a lovely, down-to-earth couple. Still, their lives will be transformed. It's said that money can't buy happiness, but it certainly can't do any harm.