Christian Horner has claimed Sky Sports commentator David Croft consumed ‘enough alcohol’ on Friday night at the Monaco Grand Prix. The Red Bull team principal said Croft had tried ‘every mixture with Red Bull’ that he could put together. Croft didn't deny his involvement as he admitted he attended a Red Bull party after an invite by Horner. The TV host also said there was the ‘odd drink’ brought for him just hours after Friday’s practice sessions ended. However, Horner denied any involvement in the event ahead of a busy Monaco Grand Prix. The Red Bull boss let news of the party slip as he joined Croft and Anthony Davidson from the pit wall during coverage of the final practice session. Horner said: “Good afternoon. Before we get into all of that, how are you feeling? I gather that Crofty goes large in Monaco last night on the Red Bull energy station. READ MORE: Christian Horner met with fierce resistance from three teams “I heard you consumed enough alcohol and tried every mixture with Red Bull that you could put together!" Croft replied: “You invited me along to the party and there was the odd drink being bought for me, so thank you for that. So, where were you last night, did you get an early night or something?" Horner added: "It was a school night mate, I was in bed." Croft simply replied: “Yeah right”. Anthony Davidson even weighed into the discussion, claiming Croft had complained about a lack of food at the event. However F1 fans on social media hit back at Croft and Horner for discussing their involvement in the party on air. DON'T MISSSergio Perez sends clear message to Christian Horner  [INSIGHT]Horner weighs in on Hamilton row as Mercedes star could be penalised [ANALYSIS]Christian Horner likens Toto Wolff rivalry to Verstappen and Hamilton [COMMENT] Alan C said: “So sick of hearing Crofty and other talking to Christian Horner so many times talking about being at parties and sharing flights with him." (sic) @WullieWb added: “Horner saying Crofty was at a red bull party last night doesn't surprise me as you could have guessed with the way he always talks them up.” Hours later, Red Bull were unable to beat Ferrari in a tense qualifying session. Charles Leclerc secured pole with team-mate Carlos Sainz second on the grid. Sergio Perez looked like he had the pace to challenge the frontrunners in the opening stages of qualifying but was only quick enough for third. He crashed during his second run in Q3 which brought out the red flag and denied him a chance to challenge for the front row. Max Verstappen’s title hunt took a blow with the Dutchman only fourth on the grid for today’s race.