Having entertained Allied troops in liberated Berlin during the final days of the Second World War, her visit ended with a performance for inmates at Buchenwald concentration camp. The terrible sights she bore witness to at the camp, on the outskirts of Weimar in east-central Germany, would underscore the importance of all she had been fighting for since being recruited pre-war as an "Honourable Correspondent" - essentially an unpaid intelligence agent - first for the French, then the British and US, secret services. The Allied high command had asked for any entertainer who might be willing to enter Buchenwald, which was riven with typhus, and she had answered the call. Upon arrival, she became aware of hordes of ghostly, skeletal figures - inmates who had crawled towards the camp's cruel perimeter, interlocked their fingers with the barbed wire and perished there, their dead eyes staring empty and wide. Despite such horrors, she went wherever she was asked in the camp, regardless of the risk, seeking to comfort and give solace to any who might be saved. It was too late for many but, regardless, she sang for them, her voice low and lilting, suffused with raw emotion. All around, faces lit up with smiles. Even on the verge of death, the prisoners of Buchenwald were trying to live. As she sang, she began to notice that all around her faces were streaked with tears. And then she realised she too was crying. But as the tears poured down, she understood it was no longer with despair. These were tears of joy and love. It was the deeply poignant culmination of her wartime exploits, little-known and largely guessed-at until now when they can finally be revealed thanks to the release of explosive Second World War files. AN ICY wind howled off the snow-clad peaks of the Pyrenées as a man and a woman waited on a freezing railway platform. Captain Jacques Abtey - who had recruited Josephine as an intelligence agent - huddled in his overcoat, while the singer and performer luxuriated in a "magnificent fur coat". The pair were at Pau, a French city lying some 30 miles from the border with neutral Spain. A mountain of luggage was heaped on the platform. Ostensibly Josephine - the black US singer and dancer who, facing segregation in America, had emigrated to France in the early 1920s and become a star - was going on tour to the Portuguese capital Lisbon. In fact, among her bags was a trove of secret documents and photographs gathered by the French intelligence services and destined for Britain. As a professional intelligence officer, Abtey had mastered the craft of invisible writing. Faced with the fraught and perilous journey ahead, some information had been transcribed in code using secret ink on Josephine's musical scores, while other documents had to be carried as they were. Among them were a "series of photographs" of landing craft the Germans planned to use in the invasion of Great Britain, codenamed Operation Sealion. There were breakdowns of the Wehrmacht divisions massing in the north of France, including details of their armour. There was a list of agents dispatched to Britain on espionage missions. There were details of key Luftwaffe air bases across France, and a breakdown of elite German airborne units on France's northern coast. As if that were not enough, there were copies of plans for the seizure of Gibraltar. If it fell, it would give Germany control of the Mediterranean. Heavy guns sited at the southernmost tip of the Rock could close the Strait of Gibraltar, only eight miles at its narrowest point, to Allied shipping - a calamity for Britain. Then there were the perfidious - but feasible - plans to use the Republic of Ireland as the back door for invasion. As they waited, a train pulled in: battered, grey, wheezing steam from its rusting undercarriage. Its human contents - freezing cold and crammed into inhuman conditions - spilled out onto the platform. They were refugees from Alsace- Lorraine, the region ceded to France at the end of the First World War and now reclaimed following the Nazi conquest, sending the newly dispossessed streaming into France. It was a heartbreaking sight. Leaving those desperate families to an uncertain fate, Josephine and Abtey boarded their train. Climbing higher into the Pyrenées, it wheezed along dramatic knife-sharp gorges and across bridges, before being swallowed into a succession of tunnels through the mountains. Each shriek and jolt brought them closer to the checkpoint at Canfranc Estación on the Spanish side of the border. This would call for nerves of steel. For Josephine, her head was triply on the block if she were caught. To secure Lisbon visas for her and Abtey, posing as her tour manager, she'd had stamped in his passport: "Accompanying Mrs Josephine Baker." It provided an additional layer of legitimacy, but it meant there was no way she could deny knowing her accomplice if he was unmasked. She had "undertaken, of her own volition, to cover me to the very end", Abtey would recall, "closing the door behind her and binding her fate to mine. I call that courage." The train pulled into Canfranc where all trains had to a halt because the French and Spanish used different railway track gauges. Now it was about to play host to the world's most famous black female performer. As Josephine stepped from the carriage, resplendent in her furs, demonstrating not a trace of nerves, Abtey played the role of the grey man, lurking in her shadow as she swept along the platform giving directions for the transfer of her luggage. The effect was electrifying. French and Spanish policemen and customs officers stopped dead. Even the plain-clothes German agents seemed dumbfounded. Railway workers gasped in star-struck amazement, crowding around Josephine. Laughing and chatting, she breezed her way through the border checks. The awestruck officials didn't give a second glance at her mountain of luggage, less still at the unremarkable individual who hovered at her side.At one point, she turned to him, and whispered, teasingly: "You see what a good cover I am?" Even in the midst of the Second World War, the power of celebrity endured. It was late in the day by the time the border checks were complete and the new train pulled out of Canfranc towards Madrid, some 300 miles distant. There would be more checks along the way and, if her true role was discovered, she was done for. But, finally, arriving in Portugal, Josephine felt able to breathe again. Lisbon had become the espionage capital of the world. It was awash with spies, smugglers, forgers, pirates and adventurers. The instant Josephine's arrival was known she became the story of the moment. What was she doing in Lisbon, the journalists demanded? What had brought her there, in the midst of war? "I come to dance, to sing," she told them. "I am stopping in Lisbon, before going to Rio, where I have further engagements." Sometimes in life and in espionage, you have to make a virtue out of necessity. If Josephine kept spinning different versions of the story, it would bolster their cover, leaving her tour manager free to hand the trove of secrets to the British. A certain "Major Bacon" from the British embassy was expecting contact to be made. Bacon was a cover name, his real identity lost to time, but he was primed to receive Josephine's musical scores with their hidden writing, plus the reams of original documents and photos. Some 40 weighty files were delivered safely. As Commander Wilfred "Biffy" Dunderdale, Josephine and Abtey's future British spymaster, would declare, London was "delighted" with the intelligence provided at great risk by those who remained "loyal to the Allied cause". Josephine's service for the Allies would inevitably draw enemy attention. Fleeing France, she travelled the world using her cover as a superstar to brazenly hoover up intelligence to dispatch to London and later Washington, once America joined the war. One of her US handlers declares: "America will never forget what you have done for her." But neither would the enemy. In June 1944, following the D-Day landings, she was flown into France to boost the morale of invading Allied troops. It was one of countless times she stared death in the face and survived. Despite its Spitfire escort, the twin-engine French aircraft was soon in trouble. Sabotage was feared as the first engine spluttered, coughed and died. "The left engine is dead," the pilot announced. "But one should be enough." He had promised General de Gaulle to get Josephine into France safely. But as the French coast reared before them, the aircraft swerved between massive cliffs: "A damned wall coming at us at incredible speed," Abtey would remark. Clearing the rock by a whisper, the surviving engine began to blacken, blister and smoke, before it too died. "Hold on!" the pilot cried. Seconds later the aircraft's belly ploughed into the waves. Smashing the windows with an axe, the battered survivors, Josephine included, clambered out on to one wing. By a quirk of fate, they were riding in an aircraft almost entirely of wooden construction. It remained afloat long enough for French troops to swim out and rescue them. So began her tour of war-ravaged Europe which would end at Buchenwald. For her courageous wartime service, as both spy and an entertainer, Josephine would be awarded the Medal of the Resistance with Rosette, the Croix de Guerre, and she would be appointed a Chevalier of the Légion d'Honneur. She died in 1975, but last November she was honoured at the Panthéon, the Paris monument reserved as a resting place for the nation's foremost heroes. Less than 100 individuals have been awarded such high distinction. The ceremony marked her legacy as a anti-Nazi and a figurehead for the civil rights movement - a "life dedicated to the twin quests for liberty and justice". A symbolic casket containing soil from various locations where Josephine had lived, including St Louis, Paris, the south of France and Monaco, was interred, making her one of just five women and the only black woman to receive such an honour.