Fed up with your current broadband package? Virgin Media has ditched its setup costs – so you can switch from your current internet bundle to one of the best Virgin Media broadband deals around without incurring any costs. Yes, for a (very) limited time, the full-fibre broadband provider has dropped the £35 setup that it charges all new customers who join its network. But it doesn't stop there – Virgin Media has also dropped prices across the board – unlocking superfast speeds at a lower cost than you'll find with BT, Sky, or TalkTalk. Virgin Media has slashed its entry-level broadband plan from £28 a month down to just £20 a month – a total saving of £179 over the course of an 18 month contract. That includes the extra £35 saving from the free setup offer, which ends at midnight on June 1, 2022. This deal includes a landline phone for calls and fibre broadband with average download speeds of 54Mbps. For comparison, BT's Fibre 1 package costs £29.99 a month and offers download speeds between 49Mbps and 50Mbps. This package also requires an £9.99 upfront fee and doesn't include a landline. Ouch. So the Virgin Media M50 deal running right now offers plenty of bang for your buck. And that's not the only package on offer right now. Virgin Media has also cut the price of its Big Bundle plan, which offers the M100 fibre broadband plan (that boasts average download speeds of 108Mbps), a landline with unlimited weekend calls to Virgin Mobile and landline numbers as well as access to Virgin Media TV.  With this package you'll get the Virgin Media TV 360 box - which lets you pause and rewind live TV as well as set up series links so you can record and never miss an episode of your favourite show - and access to over 100 channels. Plus, the Virgin Media TV 360 box will let you access a range of popular apps such as Netflix, Prime Video and YouTube. This package usually costs £39 a month but has been reduced to £29.99. This offers a total saving of almost £200 when you factor in the amount you save on your plan as well as the free set-up. Besides these two standout deals, Virgin Media is also offering free set-up across all broadband plans.  If you like the sound of this deal though you need to act quick though as these offers are only available for a limited-time only. The free set-up promotion runs out after the end of Wednesday June 1. For those currently with a rival broadband provider who is tempted by these days, make sure you check the terms and conditions of your contract. If you're mid-way through a minimum contract term, you might be unable to switch providers without a hefty termination fee. And that'll quickly erase any savings from the new provider. Research has shown that as much as 40 percent of all broadband customers are out-of-contract – meaning there are huge savings to be had with a quick switch to a new deal or broadband provider. If you're one of those households, this is the perfect time to make the move! 