Robert Lewandowski's future at Bayern Munich is still up in the air, with Barcelona circling and looking to sign the star. And the Poland international recieved a phone call regarding a potential move while in the dressing room at Bayern. Lewandowski's team-mates reportedly heard their star man talk about "FC Barcelona" during a phone call that he took in the dressing room. Lewandowski opted to discuss the matter in Polish, with not many of his peers understanding the conversation. But the words "Barcelona" were easy to make out, proving that perhaps a switch to the Nou Camp could be on Lewandowski's mind. Bayern won their tenth straight Bundesliga title this season, but with their campaign now over, Lewandowski has time to assess his options. Lewandowski's current deal at Bayern expires at the end of next summer, and on Saturday the striker informed the club that he would not extend this any further. To add to their woes, he even asked Bayern to consider any bids that come in for the star this summer. READ MORE: Chelsea takeover may have accidentally been confirmed by club sponsor At the end of Bayern's season ending 2-2 draw against Wolfsburg, Lewandowski told Sky Germany: "I can confirm that I spoke to Hasan (Salihamidzic) and informed him that the decision was made and that I am not extending my contract with Bayern. Both sides have to think about the future. It’s best if we find the best solution for both sides. "I said to Salihamidzic that if an offer comes, then we have to think about it — also for the club. Both sides have to think about the future. That’s all I can say." But Bayern chief executive Oliver Kahn has insisted they will not let Robert Lewandowski leave regardless of his wishes, and the German revealed that it would not change their outlook on the situation. "We know this alarmism from the past," Kahn said. DON'T MISSChelsea told they're better off without Christensen after FA Cup snubBarcelona may wreck Chelsea transfer plans again after double Blues dealFour signings Chelsea can make to bridge Liverpool gap "It’s not something that causes us a headache. We made an offer to his agent. He rejected this offer. That’s his right. The fact is: He has a contract and he will fulfil it. "We are very clear and consistent about that. That’s the way things are here at Bayern. There is no player above the club." At the age of 33, Lewandowski is clearly targeting one final big move before calling time on his career although the likes of Zlatan Ibrahimovic are still going strong in their 40's. Lewandowski has been exceptional since signing from Borussia Dortmund, scoring 344 goals in 375 games, and he broke Gerd Muller's record for goals scored in a single Bundesliga campaign last season. Unfortunately though, if he does leave this summer he will fall short of the all-time record. The Poland international is currently 53 goals off breaking Muller's all-time record, which could be hit in two seasons at the rate Lewandowski is smashing in the goals. But it looks like Muller's record will stand, and it's unlikely to ever be broken.