NBC’s popular thriller series starring James Spader has already been renewed for a tenth season, but there are still plenty of surprises to come in next week’s season finale. In the first half of The Blacklist’s season nine finisher, Marvin Gerard: Conclusion, Part 1, Raymond ‘Red’ Reddington (Spader) comes up against Marvin (Fisher Stevens) with a little help from former task force member, Dembe Zuma (Hisham Tawfiq). Another shocking revelation for The Blacklist saw Red’s old friend Dembe turn against the FBI to help the fight against Marvin’s plans to take over the task force. Dembe has been a crucial member of the team since the series began, but all that changed with the shocking conclusion to season nine. Following the death of Liz Keen (Megan Boone), the timeline of the series shot forward to reveal Dembe had defected and become an agent of the FBI. Although Harold Cooper (Harry Lennix) plans to use Marvin to clear his name, Red is desperate to take him out by any means necessary, even if it means killing his old teammate. READ MORE: Ozark season 4 theory: Jonah actually shot Wendy as fans spot key clue Dembe asks Harold to protect Red, but their mission takes a turn when they reunite to strategize their next move. Red and Dembe are the only two left alive after being ambushed by Henrick Fisker (Pawel Szajda) and his men, and make a miraculous escape from the shootout. He may still be an FBI agent by the end of the season, but could working side-by-side with Red again finally convince Dembe he belongs back with the task force? The Blacklist’s legion of fans certainly seem to think so, as many of them took to Twitter to declare how much they had missed one of the show’s best partnerships. @instluzljg insisted: “Dembe trying to serve two masters is not gonna work! Go back permanently to Red!!” Some fans have even had issues with Dembe’s decision to join the Bureau in the first place. @mboyapatrick said: “How Dembe ended up being an FBI agent in Blacklist still baffles me.” While @Mac_Korlah wrote: “Today’s episode of #TheBlacklist is just so crazyyyyy.” DON'T MISS:Young Sheldon fans in meltdown after spotting Big Bang feature [REACTION]SEAL Team’s David Boreanaz sends support as co-star lands role [COMMENT]Riverdale cancelled: KJ Apa shares emotional reaction [INSIGHT] “Dembe stylishly serving two masters is just annoying, coupled with the fact that Harold Cooper keeps overthinking and now they’ve lost Marvin Gerard!!!” @natjne added: “I love seeing Dembe and Reddington working together again. I’ve missed this.” “It was Red and Dembe side by side calling each other friends,” said @LindaLidman after the episode had aired. “They fought together!!! In 9.22 Dembe will have to choose! He will choose Red. I can feel it in my heart.” Finally, @_2ndBorn_ added: “Red and Dembe coming back together is all I wanted.” Before the current season wraps up, Red has one last showdown with Marvin to take care of before he can start re-assembling his task force again. Although Dembe has been loyal to the Bureau all season, does his recent admission to Red prove he’s having second thoughts about abandoning the team? The Blacklist season 9 concludes Friday, May 27 on NBC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.