This top-up is available through the Carer’s Element of Universal Credit, which is provided by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). The primary benefit payment which is claimed by unpaid carers from the DWP is Carer’s Allowance. Both Carer’s Allowance and Carer’s Element payments were hiked by 3.1 percent in line with last year’s Consumer Price Index (CPI) inflation rate. However, the support provided by Carer’s Allowance may not be enough for many households. Unpaid carers are considered an economically vulnerable group which means they are eligible for special credits, such as the Carer’s Element of Universal Credit. As it stands, this particular Universal Credit element can be up to £168.81 per month depending on the claimant. Those who are providing care for at least 35 hours per week will be able to apply for this support. READ MORE: Woman, 88, in tears after losing £36,000 savings - after 'scrimping' for 50 years  The person that is being looked after by an unpaid carer must be in receipt of certain qualifying benefits.  Specifically, this element is means-tested which means someone’s eligibility and how much money they can receive is dependent on their income and investments. When it comes to calculating this, the DWP takes into account a claimant’s Carer’s Allowance claim as part of their income. It should be noted that claimants are unable to apply for Carer’s Allowance if they earn more than £132 a week. However, people can still apply for the Carer’s Element of Universal Credit if they earn more than this amount.  A person’s earnings or other income will impact how much overall top-up in Universal Credit they receive. After this income is taken away from the maximum amount of Universal Credit they are entitled to, the amount left will be the payment they receive from the DWP. There are multiple credits available to economically vulnerable groups but none are immune from potential benefit deductions in this way. People who are eligible for Carer’s Allowance are able to apply for the Carer’s Element even if they do not claim Carer’s Allowance at all. Couples can make a joint claim for the Carer’s Element, if they both meet the eligibility criteria. However, they both cannot be looking after the same ill or disabled person as part of their application. It should be noted that an unpaid carer getting Universal Credit’s Carer’s Element could impact the benefits of the person they are looking after.