On Sunday, Her Majesty attended the final day of an equestrian extravaganza show to celebrate her Platinum Jubilee. The open-air celebration, arranged to mark the Queen’s 70-year reign, was a star-studded occasion featuring Tom Cruise, Helen Mirren and Katherine Jenkins. At the event, hosted at Windsor Castle, TV presenter Alan Titchmarsh lavished the sovereign with praise – something which she is likely to be familiar with after serving as head of state for seven decades. He told attendees: “For 70 years, there has been one constant heartbeat of this nation. “And that heart belongs to Her Majesty the Queen.” Guests in the attendance politely broke out into rapturous applause, while the monarch gave a meme-worthy reaction. Footage from ITV pricelessly shows the Queen appearing to nonchalantly nod in agreement. The priceless reaction went viral on social media, with many praising the monarch for her legendary humour. A royal fan called Toria wrote ‘Icon’ while @littlefox90 added: “she's like ‘well duh’”. Sunny wrote: “Bye she’s such a legend I love her” and Verna Carre chimed in with “Brilliant moment! Loved watching her reactions throughout.” One called Pooja gushed: “What an incredible lady - and love Her Majesty’s sense of humour and humility!” While Dell claimed the Queen was “playing down her magnificence”, @ScorpioSting72 added: “The Queen always seems like she would be a right laugh.” Matty wrote: “What a boss! I love her”, while one more user called Sharron wrote: “I like to think that she was thinking 'well...he's not wrong there!'” READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's Megxit plan slapped down by Queen The show, called A Gallop Through History, featured more than 500 horses and 1,000 performers as it charts over five centuries of Royal Family history. After the camera panned to the Queen, Alan Titchmarsh continued: “As commander and chief of the Armed Forces, head of the Commonwealth, leader of the nation we are proud to live in. “We sometimes forget that our head of state is actually a person, feels as we do, enjoys the things we do, and is very much a mother, grandmother and great-grandmother as well as being our monarch” He went on to reference the Queen’s love of all things equestrian, as anything horse related has long been acknowledged as one of the monarch’s favourite past times. He said: “One of Her Majesty’s personal pleasures is horses and ponies in all their guises. DON'T MISS New 'norm' for Queen says royal expert after monarch's surprise visit [INSIGHT] Every Royal Family trip to celebrate Queen's Platinum Jubilee [REPORT] Queen pictured beaming as she’s presented with majestic rare horse [VIDEO] “One thing the Queen takes great happiness from is her family’s involvement in her love, whether it be racing, eventing, showing rare breeds or just riding out in Windsor great park. The Royal Windsor Horse Show marked the beginning of celebrations to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. On Sunday evening, the crowd cheered as the monarch arrived, smiling, and made her way to the royal box. She was accompanied by Prince Edward and his wife Sophie, Countess of Wessex for the evening’s entertainment which included their daughter Lady Louise Windsor leading a procession around the ring. The 18-year-old drove a carriage once belonging to the late Prince Philip who is responsible for teaching her the sport. The monarch also attended the horse show on Friday, where one of her own horses was announced as a supreme champion. Wearing sunglasses and bright pink lipstick, the Queen appeared visibly delighted as she watched her ponies compete for around 50 minutes. The occasion marked her first appearance in public since the late Duke of Edinburgh’s memorial service on March 29. She made a surprise public appearance on Tuesday when she joined her youngest son Prince Edward to officially open the Elizabeth Line at Paddington Station. The monarch’s attendance at the event was confirmed briefly beforehand and she unveiled a commemorative plaque and also was shown how to purchase an Oyster card.