Canelo Alvarez has been warned by Jake Paul's close friend and fellow boxer Anthony Taylor that he will eventually face the YouTube star in a highly-competitive bout at some point over the next few years. Paul has made plenty of waves in the ring since making his professional debut over two years ago and remains undefeated after five outings but has often been criticised for failing to go toe-to-toe with a genuine boxer as of yet. Paul has only fought other YouTubers and retired athletes from different sports but has already underlined his desire to face Alvarez, who is widely considered to be one of the best pound-for-pound boxers on the planet. Taylor, who has previously acted as Paul's sparring partner, has since insisted that a fight between the pair will eventually take place and that it would not be as one-sided as the vast majority of fans might imagine."I think Jake Paul and Canelo will happen, I don't think it's just hype," Taylor told MyBettingSites. "I mean, we're talking about Jake in three years from now of course, not right now, Jake is good, but imagine how much better he'll get in three years from today."He's only going to get better, he's only going forward. Jake will be ten times better than Jake Paul of today and he would be competitive. JUST IN: Mike Tyson's reply to Jake Paul fight question ahead of phone call "Canelo will be a Hall of Famer, but give Jake a few years. Jake's a bigger guy, taller, longer than Canelo, but we can't disregard Canelo's skill set. Now Jake is still learning in this game, but give him a few years."It remains to be seen whether Paul will eventually face Alvarez in the ring in the not-too-distant future if he manages to boost his stock by registering more professional victories over the coming months and years. He was set to face his first true boxer in Tommy Fury at the end of last year before the Brit withdrew with a rib injury that was sustained in training just weeks before the bout was due to take place. It seems as though a meeting with Alvarez would prove to be a huge challenge for Paul in spite of the Mexican fighter's recent loss at the hands of Dmitry Bivol in his first professional outing at light-heavyweight earlier this month. He appeared to lose patience with the continued questioning over the idea of facing Paul prior to his latest defeat but did not rule out the possibility of setting up the proposed clash in spite of his frustrations."The thing I’m thinking about is, why are you guys asking me, especially, for that fight, Jake Paul? Please, guys," Alvarez told reporters."Maybe in two years we can talk, in two years we’ll see. I hope he improves more and he does a really good job. I say this, I hope he does a really good job and improves in boxing." FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE