The Hollywood superstar took the Duchess of Cambridge by the hand as she ascended some stairs at the event. While some commentators claimed the actor breached protocol by touching Kate, royal expert Omid Scobie said the actor didn't actually break any rules as there is no official protocol. Writing in an article for YahooLife, the royal expert said: "As I took my seat at the royal premiere of Top Gun: Maverick, a live stream from outside played on the movie screen above us showing Tom Cruise offer his hand to the high-heeled Duchess of Cambridge to walk up a flight of stairs. "I knew what was about to come." Mr Scobie slammed some news outlets for their reporting on the events claiming the Hollywood star had broken royal protocol. He said the headlines about protocol breaches can sometimes be believable "given how stuffy the royal establishment can be".  According to the royal author, a Kensington Palace aide said to him: "If I had a pound every time someone falsely claimed there was a protocol breach, I’d be a very rich man." The spokesperson also reportedly told him there is no protocol when it comes to clothing for the family but "only common sense". In 2009, Michelle Obama was accused of breaching royal protocol during a state meeting when the then First Lady briefly wrapped her arm around the Queen during a conversation. The Queen reciprocated the gesture and placed her gloved hand on Ms Obama's back.   The royal rules reportedly dictate no one can touch the Queen unless she offers her hand first. However, it was later revealed by the monarch's personal assistant Angela Kelly that no rules were broken. In her memoir, she wrote: "In reality, it was a natural instinct for the Queen to show affection and respect for another great woman and really there is no protocol that must be adhered to." In a separate incident, basketball player LeBron James was also accused of breaking protocol when he posed for a photo with Prince William and Kate while resting his hand on the Duchess' shoulder.   But Mr Scobie claimed a member of the royal couple's staff told him on the day that "no one cares about that. Everyone had a great time". The Finding Freedom author said Meghan Markle has been most chastised by claims she has broken royal protocol despite herself being a member of the Royal Family. This includes the choice of her nail varnish, makeup, the way she sat at royal events, her choice of words and whether she wore tights or not. Mr Scobie said the "culmination of reported violations" helped some parts of the media characterise the Duchess as a "difficult and rebellious American who refused to follow the rules or respect the royal establishment".