Boris Johnson will be speaking to the public on Wednesday afternoon, in a rare Downing Street press conference. Civil servant Sue Gray published her long-awaited report into Downing Street parties during lockdown today, raising numerous questions about the conduct of No 10. Mr Johnson will be holding a press conference this afternoon at 3.30pm, on Wednesday May 25. With Sue Gray's report only delivered to Downing Street late this morning, the Prime Minister's top team is now scrambling to formulate the specifics for its planned response to her findings. READ MORE: Boris Johnson announcement: PM to address nation TODAY It will follow Prime Minister's Questions (PMQs), which starts at midday. The Prime Minister also addressed the House of Commons to apologise, shortly after PMQs. The press conference will come live from Downing Street, in response to Sue Gray's findings. Meanwhile, the PM has seen his approval rating gradually lower throughout her tenure in No 10. Just 26 percent of the public think Mr Johnson is doing well as Prime Minister, according to the latest YouGov poll. At the same time, 68 percent thought he was doing a badly as PM; just shy of the record high of 73 percent in January this year. The Government as a whole is also facing an approval rating crisis, however. The latest poll revealed 62 percent of people disapproved of the Government, which is the highest its been since September 2019.DON'T MISSBoris Johnson warned of dire Sue Gray report impact [ANALYSIS]'EU ignored solutions!' Hated Brexit deal never had to be this way [LATEST]Tory MPs must stop backing 'narcissistic’ PM over Partygate scandal [QUOTES] Just over one in five approved of the Government, while 17 percent were unsure. Almost half of the public thought Mr Johnson was doing well as Prime Minister when he won the 2019 election. At the same time, just 41 percent thought he was doing a bad job. The latest poll revealed 62 percent of people disapproved of the Government, which is the highest its been since September 2019. 