 Obi-Wan Kenobi (played by Ewan McGregor) was a Jedi Master in the original Star Wars trilogy, famous for his skills as well as for mentoring Anakin Skywalker (Hayden Christensen) before he become Darth Vader. Set 10 years after the Revenge of the Sixth in a "time of darkness in the galaxy", the new series will follow Obi-Wan's footsteps during these troubling times. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know to watch the sci-fi limited series.   Obi-Wan Kenobi will premiere on Friday, May 27, on the streaming service Disney+. What time it will make its debut depends on subscribers' geographical location, as while the show comes out at the exact moment, the time differs due to various time zones. Obi-Wan Kenobi is going to be out just after midnight PST (Pacific Standard Time) in America and 3am EST (Eastern Standard Time). For UK viewers, the Star Wars show's first episode will be ready to watch from 8am BST (British Summer Time).  READ MORE: Carol Kirkwood confirms engagement live on BBC Breakfast An Obi-Wan-central series wouldn't be the same without the original actor himself actor Ewan McGregor. He will be reprising his role as the Jedi master from the Star Wars franchise but has been in far more than the sci-fi movies. McGregor has starred in Moulin Rouge!, Trainspotting, Doctor Sleep, Harley Quinn, Christopher Robin and The Impossible. He won't be the only familiar face returning for this Disney+ series either.    Actor Hayden Christiansen who originally starred as Anakin Skywalker and Darth Vader will be returning. He has also appeared in Jumper, Outcast, American Heist, Awake, Factory Girl and Free Fall. Welcomed as a new character in the series is actress Moses Ingram as Reva Sevander/Third Sister, a fierce Jedi master. She is probably best recognised for playing Jolene in the Netflix drama The Queen's Gambit. DON'T MISS...Ozark season 4 theory: Jonah actually shot Wendy as fans spot key clue [THEORY]Star Wars LEAK ‘Obi-Wan Kenobi movie to shoot in Northern Ireland’ [FILMING]Star Wars: Anakin Skywalker star hits back at prequel criticisms [REACTION]   Yes, the official trailer for Obi-Wan Kenobi came out earlier this month. Narrated by the man himself, Obi-Wan is heard saying: "They are coming, stay hidden, or we will not survive." Obi-Wan is seen wanting to train Luke Skywalker, Darth Vader's son but his guardian is not so keen on the idea. Meanwhile, Reva Sevander is on the hunt for the Jedi Master, but will she be able to track him down?   Obi-Wan Kenobi is going to consist of six episodes in total. The show will be releasing a new episode every Friday on the streaming service. This means that the grand finale will be out on Friday, July 1. Obi-Wan Kenobi premieres on Friday, May 27, on Disney+. 