Official data yesterday showed the biggest monthly hike in prices for 40 years as the cost-of-living squeeze accelerates. And the inflation surge means pensioners have experienced a brutal £551 real cut in incomes over the past 12 months as a result of the Government’s decision to temporarily suspend the state pension “triple-lock” guarantee. In a speech to business leaders last night, the Chancellor said he was “ready to do more” and pledged to cut tax in his Budget this autumn. But financial experts and campaigners yesterday warned that millions of pensioner households will find it “impossible” to cope without extra support immediately. Rebecca O’Connor, of financial firm Interactive Investor, said: “Energy price rises are panic-inducing. It is asking the impossible to expect people on low, fixed incomes, including the UK’s more than 11 million pensioners, to shoulder such increases.” Dennis Reed, director of the over-60s pressure group Silver Voices, said: “The cruel and short-sighted decision to scrap the Triple Lock has come home to roost for millions of older people, who have contributed to the tax system all their working lives." “To be cast adrift by the Government in their hours of need, with scarcely a mention of their plight by Ministers, is an indictment of their warped priorities." “Five billion pounds was blown to greedy oil companies in a failed attempt to keep petrol prices down, when this money could have been used to reinstate the Triple Lock." “With inflation due to rise above 10%, nobody with an income under £200 a week, like millions of pensioners, can afford the essentials for a healthy life. Thousands will die unnecessarily because of Government inaction.” A typical pensioner will need to withdraw £2,400 more this year to supplement their income and cover rising energy bills, food, fuel and household expenses, according to figures from consultancy LCP. Ministers denied pensioners a record £822 increase in the state pension last month by suspending the triple lock, which guarantees that state pensions increase by the highest figure out of inflation, wage growth or 2.5%. The state pension increased by £5.55 a week in April, a rise of 3.1% based on inflation in September 2021, rather than wage growth, which was 8.1%. In a speech to business leaders last night, the Chancellor announced his decision to reduce levies in his Autumn Budget. Mr Sunak’s remarks at the annual Confederation of British Industry dinner in the City of London were his first explicit confirmation of his intention to cut taxes this year. It came after the Office for National Statistics (ONS) said Consumer Prices Index inflation rose to 9% in the year to April, up from an already high 7% in March. Statisticians rated the figure the highest monthly since 1982. Speaking about the measures Government has taken already to tackle inflation in his speech, the Chancellor said: “Our role in government is to cut costs for families. “I cannot pretend this will be easy. As I told the House of Commons, there is no measure any government could take, no law we could pass, that can make these global forces disappear overnight. The next few months will be tough." “But where we can act, we will. We have provided £22bn of direct support. With fuel duty – cut by 5p a litre. Council tax – cut by £150. The taper rate in Universal Credit – cut by £1,000 for the average household. The Warm Homes Discount – increased to £150. The National Living Wage giving low paid workers a pay rise of £1,000." “And we are going further. In October, we’re cutting energy bills by a further £200. And, in just a few weeks’ time, the National Insurance Threshold will increase to £12,500." “That’s a £6billion tax cut for working people. And of course, as the situation evolves our response will evolve. I have always been clear, we stand ready to do more.” Mr Sunak told business leaders at the dinner: “We are on your side.” Urging them to increase productivity and enterprise, the Chancellor added: “We need you to invest more, train more, and innovate more. In the Autumn Budget we will cut your taxes to encourage you to do all those things." Senior Treasury figures are reported to be backing a 1p income tax cut in the financial statement. Sources also claim the Chancellor is preparing a £1billion package for helping families with energy bills to be unveiled in July centred on an expansion of the warm homes discount. Three million of the poorest households in England and Wales could receive a £150 reduction in their heating bill from October under the plan. In the Commons yesterday, senior Tory backbencher Sir Bernard Jenkin called for more assistance for the hardest-hit households within weeks. “A summer package to rescue the most vulnerable households is needed to avoid real financial distress and personal anguish and to support economic demand of the most vulnerable households, or we are creating possibly a worse recession than is already expected,” the MP said. He added: “Like after the unforeseen Covid crisis, the Treasury must adapt to this unexpected war in Europe and accept this new global energy and economic crisis also requires a very substantial policy response.” Treasury Chief Secretary Simon Clarke said the Government will bring forward further measures to address the cost of living “at such time that they will make the right difference in a targeted way”. He told the Commons: “The Chancellor understands the effect that inflation is having on households and is providing support worth £22 billion this year to ease those pressures. “He will keep all of those issues under close review, and we will bring forward a programme of measures at such time that they will make the right difference in a targeted way.”