The second and last semi-final aired on BBC Three on Thursday, with 18 new countries hoping to win a place in the final. However, despite much support from Eurovision Song Contest winners, both Ireland and San Marino failed to get through to the all-important final show. As the 10 who made it through were revealed and both countries were absent from the list, viewers threatened to "boycott".  Many enjoyed Ireland's entry, Brooke, who sang That's Rich. The 22-year-old Derry local performed a sassy performance which was well-received by viewers. Surprisingly though, she didn't make it though to take to the stage again. Meanwhile, San Marino act Archille Lauro delighted fans with Stripper. READ MORE: Eurovision 2022: Italy dealt crushing blow days before final The energetic performance caused a stir, with some claiming he had "copied" last year's winners, Måneskin. However, the artist's many loyal fans jumped to his defence to insist Archille had been the one to inspire the Italisn rock ban who won the competition last year. Following the announcement of the winning 10, several fans claimed they wouldn't tune into Saturday's show. Twitter user @pgcourtney1 wrote: "Gutted for #Brooke. Won't be watching #Eurovision." @BMacGo echoed this, stating: "I definitely won’t be watching the final #Eurovision." @casualtydept fumed: "SAN MARINO DIDN'T QUALIFY I'M NEVER WATCHING EUROVISION AGAIN." @theflotilla penned: "Saddened to announce that i will no longer be watching Eurovision semifinals." "Don’t bother watching #eurovision this year I say. Some absolute dross in the final," @tobyw_w argued. DON'T MISS... San Marino's Eurovision entry sees fans accuse act of 'copying' winner [REACTION]Eurovision favouritism row erupts as fans question Serbia's subtitles [LATEST]'Meghan Markle doesn't matter’ swipes Serbia's Eurovision entry [VIDEO] @sallykizz mirrored this, writing: "Never watching Eurovision again," while others took the loss graciously. @cbgenealogy shared: "Ah disappointed for us @Brooke_Scullion but we'll still be watching on Saturday. #Eurovision." (sic) The 10 entries who made it through from Thursday's round included Belgium, Czech Republic, Azerbaijan, Poland, Finland, Estonia, Australia, Sweden, Romania, and Serbia.  They will join the "Big Five", the UK, Italy, France, Spain, and Germany as well as Tuesday's winners. Sam Ryder will be representing the UK this year, with his odds looking surprisingly optimistic. The 32-year-old is tipped to rack up points over the weekend's show with his song Spaceman. If the Essex-born singer wins, it will be the UK's first victory in the competition since 1997. Eurovision Song Contest continues for the final on Saturday from 8pm on BBC One.