David Beckham hopes that Cristiano Ronaldo will continue at Manchester United 'for another year or two' as the former Red Devils hero heaped praise on the Portuguese, who made his return to the club last summer. At 37-years-old, questions remain over how prominently Ronaldo will feature in the plans of incoming boss Erik ten Hag. Beckham was one of the many star-studded names to turn up at the Miami Grand Prix this Sunday, with the city making its hotly-anticipated F1 debut. While he was asked about matters on track, reporters also saw an opportunity to pick his brains on events at United. His departure from Old Trafford came several weeks before Ronaldo's arrival in 2003. While they never shared a dressing room, Beckham maintains a strong preference to see Ronaldo continue with the Red Devils despite the uncertainty that comes with Ten Hag's summer arrival. "Cristiano is one of the best players over the last 15 years with Leo [Lionel Messi]," Beckham told Sky Sports. "To hopefully see him stay on at United is important for the fans. JUST IN: Pep Guardiola mocks Liverpool's 'one title in 30 years' as Man City boss sour over support "It is important to him and we all know how much Man Utd means to him. He is still doing what he does best; scoring goals and creating. To be doing what he is doing at his age is really incredible, so hopefully it continues and he stays for another year or two." Despite his veteran status, Ronaldo has bagged an impressive 18 Premier League goals this season which leaves him just four off the Golden Boot. The team's fortunes have suffered, however, with hopes of qualifying for next season's Champions League officially dead at this stage of the campaign. DON'T MISS...Jamie Carragher tears into 'idiot' Luke Ayling after shocking tackleArsenal's Nketiah 'too embarrassed to celebrate' after Leeds howlerLA Dodgers' boss Todd Boehly in £4billion Chelsea buyout A resounding 4-0 demolition in Brighton was the latest kick in the teeth for the Red Devils, leaving interim boss Ralf Rangnick with just three wins from his last 13 matches. Ronaldo could not hide his laughter when Pascal Gross scored the third goal for the Seagulls due to comical defending. A rebuild under Ten Hag is on the cards this summer, and Beckham clearly hopes that Ronaldo will be a part of it - even if his 'one or two years' hope would take him to the edge of his 40th birthday. Reports indicate that the incoming Dutchman is prepared to continue with the Portuguese icon next season and beyond. When pressed further on United's season Beckham also defended the whole squad, who have come under fierce scrutiny in recent months with fans counting down the days until Ten Hag's arrival.  "I think there are changes that needed to be made and changes that are happening, and we have seen that," he added. "It is a tough end to the season, but it is the end of the season and I am sure the fans are thankful of that because it has been a tough one. It has been full of ups and downs and the players have done what they could do best, and so has the manager as well. "But you still turn up at the stadium and I turned up at the stadium a few months back and every seat was filled. The fans still believe, the fans still support and the fans will always turn up for the team because it is what the United fans do. There are not many other teams that have gone through what they have gone through in the last few years and are still filling out their stadium. It says a lot about the fans, says a lot about they believe in and there will be changes."