Pulses will race just at the thought of this cast in a bold modern reimagining of the feverish melodrama about a tempestuous gypsy and the men who love her. French writer Prosper Mérimée's source novella was turned into the iconic opera by Bizet and now Dutch choreographer Didy Veldman’s has moved the story to modern day. A five-strong troupe play actors, directors and dancers who are creating a performance of the torrid tale. Of course, their private lives start to bleed into the characters they are bringing to life in the interior performance. Quite literally, perhaps... Plenty of fabulous scope, then, for all the raging emotions rooted in Bizet’s story. Veldman created the piece working alongside three extraordinary international dance superstars: The Royal Ballet’s star principal Osipova, ENB principal Isaac Hernandez and Osipova’s fiancé Jason Kittelberger, an American dancer and choreographer. The cast is rounded out by Erick Brahmania and Hannah Eckholm. Both trained originally in ballet but have also made names for themselves in commercial and contemporary dance. All five are known for their enthusiasm for being part of exciting new works. Carmen, of course, is a classic piece but deals with the dark corners of our hearts that never change. The centuries may pass but Kittelerger, who plays Jose, explains the story's universal appeal: "We all have a little bit of ego, we all have a little bit of jealousy. You think your life is comfortable, but it’s that little bug of jealousy that upsets you because your ego got hurt." Veldman and Osipova are a dream combination, with the choreographer enthusing: "Carmen for me became important because whenever I saw Natalia perform, I felt the freedom and abandonment she has in her movements and her spirit reminded me of that character. "The freedom, strength, and sensuality of this female character fits Natalia perfectly in my eyes." It has been a passion project for the dancer, who adds: "I share Didy’s view on dance and art and eventually she herself saw me as Carmen and the story took its shape. I am very happy I am able to create  my own theatrical interpretations and my own image of Carmen." How do you approach such a well-known character and breathe new life into her? Osipova says: "You have to understand the reasons behind a character’s actions, their personality and what they are trying to say to the audience. It’s your brain working with your soul in connection with your muscles. I use my body to create the language of Carmen." Hernandez agrees: "Dance has no language barrier, you have to rely on your artistry rather than the technicality of your training to become more than a dancer to tell the story." Lucky London audiences are about to discover just what all their megawatt artistry has created... CARMEN IS AT THE SOUTHBANK CENTRE MAY 27 & 28