Mr Neil's headline comment in his recent Daily Mail article read, "our crumbling economy is a far greater danger to Boris Johnson than a close encounter with a birthday cake that cost him a £50 fine". The UK's economy is in crisis, and multiple factors have contributed to the current woes. One is the current rate of inflation, which the bank of England has warned could rise to double digits.  But, Mr Neil points the finger at UK Chancellor Rishi Sunak for the current economic hardships facing Britons. Mr Neil said: "The Bank of England is saying out loud that the economy will grind to a halt before this year is over. "The Treasury agrees, but won’t say so publicly." The veteran journalist added: "It is clear beyond doubt that it was a huge mistake to raise national insurance and freeze income-tax thresholds last month. READ MORE: Boris Johnson and Sue Gray held private meeting  "It took spending power away from families just when they most needed it. "Chancellor Rishi Sunak was warned not to do, even by some on his own side, but he went ahead anyway." Mr Neil said that whilst the political and media classes remain obsessed with soaring inflation, these "deteriorating circumstances are not helped by a do-nothing government". He said that "it is the prospect of recession, not just rising prices, that economic policy must now address". DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: Truss plays second fiddle to EU as interfering US arrive [LIVE] Boris Johnson and Sue Gray held private meeting [REPORT] POLL: Should free prescriptions for over 60s rise to state pension age [VOTE]  He argues against hitting the spending power of Britons by raising the level of national insurance. He added: "Consumer spending accounts for more than 60 per cent of our GDP and when that freezes, so does the economy." He also argued against tax rises on corporations. The broadcaster said: "It is equally clear that raising corporation tax on company profits from 19 percent to 25 percent next year is folly when companies are already scaling back their investment plans and stock markets are plummeting all in anticipation of a recession. "Business confidence is now taking as big a hit as consumer confidence." 