Netflix reality series Bling Empire went down a storm when it first premiered on the streaming service last year. Following the lives of wildly wealthy Asian and Asian-Americans, Bling Empire sees the true extent of their lavish lifestyles as well as the ongoing gossip and explosive drama. The show was renewed for season two in March 2021, around two months after the first series made its debut. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Bling Empire. Bling Empire returned for season two on Netflix on Friday, May 13, with eight new episodes to revel in. With the entire series released in one go, subscribers have started binge-watching the reality show to catch up on their favourite rich Asians. This time around, there have been some famous faces mingling with the original cast, including the likes of fashion director Nicola Formachetti and actor Lewis Tan. Unexpectedly, 1980s singer Paula Abdul also randomly popped up in the show, making many fans do a double-take. READ MORE: Rees-Mogg hits back at Naga Munchetty branding Partygate 'non-story' Known for singing hits such as Rush Rush, Opposites Attract, The Way That You Love Me and Cold Hearted. She was also one of the original judges for the national singing competition American Idol alongside Simon Cowell and Randy Jackson. Abdul has scarcely made any TV appearances in recent years so it came as a bit of shock to Bling Empire viewers when she walked hand-in-hand to a party with Anna Shay in episode three. Going by their fellow party-goers reactions, they were also more than a little surprised. When most guests were looking for the right words when they saw Abdul, Kim Lee simply said: "She's a Gemini like me!" Anna went on to explain: "Paula and I met many years ago. "We bumped into each other again through a very dear friend of both of ours and it was like time didn't go by." Just before the singer was making her entrance, there was some major drama surrounding Chèrie and Jessey at the dinner table. The couple were in the middle of a heated discussion with the other guests as they talked through how they first met, with Jessey married and Chèrie in another relationship. DON'T MISS...The Last Kingdom's Eliza Butterworth won’t return as Aelswith in movie [EXPLAINER]Piers Morgan fiercely defends Ricky Gervais against ‘woke brigade’ [REACTION]How much is Kelly Mi Li from Bling Empire worth? [NET WORTH] Kane felt betrayed by his friend as he thought this would have been something that Chèrie would have shared. As they were getting to the root of their problem, Abdul and Anna walked in. Kim Lee commented: "I thought World War III was going to happen between Chèrie and Kane and then Paula Abdul walks in. I swear, only with this group." Her sudden appearance managed to calm the situation down but Kane later added that as a result, "nothing has been resolved". Bling Empire has only just returned for its second series and already, questions are being asked about season three. Netflix has not yet given the go-ahead for any more episodes of the reality show to be made. But given its huge success so far, it does seem likely there will be more Bling Empire drama to come. Bling Empire seasons 1 and 2 are available to watch on Netflix.