Clark makes its debut on Netflix on May 5 and the TV series stars Pennywise actor Bill Skarsgård as the title character. The real Clark Olofsson inspired the term "Stockholm syndrome", in which hostages develop a psychological bond with their captors. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what happened to the real-life criminal. The Swedish Netflix series is based on the truth and lies of Clark Olofsson's autobiography. Viewers will gain eye-opening insight into Olofsson's early years until the present day. The notorious gangster emerged in the 1960s and became one of the most controversial criminals in contemporary Swedish history. He has spent more than half his life in prison after being convicted of multiple offences from drug trafficking to assault. In the 1970s he gave rise to the idea of "Stockholm Syndrome" following a failed bank robbery in Stockholm. READ MORE: Lorraine staggered by Andrew's 'fat cow' comment to ex Sarah He was present at the Norrmalmstorg robbery, a bank robbery and hostage crisis in 1973. The hostages had sympathised with their captors and their never-before-seen reaction was later coined Stockholm Syndrome. As for where he is now, Olofsson, 75, has been living in Belgium after being released from prison. Until 2012 he had been at Saltvik Prison in Härnösand, before moving to Kumla Prison. In 2013 he submitted an application for a new trial, but his application was rejected. By 2016 he had moved to Vorst Prison in Belgium and in 2018, a negotiation was made on his conditional release. He arrived back in Sweden as a free man in July 2018. His story has inspired a number of films and series, with the film Norrmalmstorg released in 2003. In January 2020, Sveriges Television aired the documentary Clark - en rövarhistoria. DON'T MISS... Susanna Reid tears apart Keir Starmer’s lockdown rule break defence [VIDEO] Meghan told 'you can't just take the money' after Netflix 'disaster' [INSIGHT] Netflix should cancel deal with Meghan and Harry: 'Total waste' – POLL [DISCUSSION] At the time of his release, the news website Afton Bladet reported on his next steps. He said [translated]: "I have visited relatives and have [eaten] and drunk well. "Now I'm going on vacation for a whole month. I'll write a little, talk a little with people. A lot is happening." Actor Skarsgård opened up about playing a real-life criminal in the latest adaptation of his infamous story. He said: “Clark Olofsson is, for good and bad, one of Sweden's most colourful and fascinating individuals. "I accept this challenge with delight mingled with terror and think that with Jonas [Åkerlund, director] and Netflix in the back, we can tell a groundbreaking story with a pace and madness we may not have seen on TV before. "Clark's life and history is so incredible and screwed that it would even make Scorsese blush.” Ever since leaving prison, he has continued to maintain his position as a "celebrity criminal". Clark is available to watch on Netflix from May 5.