Growing plants takes a combination of time and patience, but can transform the look of any garden or outside area. From hydrangeas to roses, daffodils to lilies, beautifully blooming flowers can create the ideal atmosphere in your garden. However, these magnificent plants will go to waste if they are not kept in the best possible condition. Jamie Shipley, Managing Director at Hedges Direct explained that “most plants” fail to thrive as a result of “several key factors”. He said: “There are several key factors to consider if your plants are not growing and this goes for most plants.” The first tip may seem obvious, but if your plant isn’t in the correct location it may neglect to bloom. The gardening pro explained: “For plants to thrive, they need to be in the correct place. “So things to consider are always: soil type – i.e. are they planted in the right soil type for the plant’s preference, exposure – does the plant need a sheltered location or not, light – does it have too much or too little?” READ MORE: Alan Titchmarsh shares ‘easy’ way to make a water feature at home Soil that is too wet, or an area that is too windy could be impacting your plant's blooms. Jamie added: “Spring is a great time to improve the soil that your plants sit in, and ensure that the soil surrounding them has lots of good nutrients to draw from. “A good leaf mould, manure or mulch with compost can all help this.” If your plant needs light but is in a shaded area, or needs more shade but is in a light area, flowers may struggle to appear too. Plant health is another “key factor” to consider and the plant pro stressed two questions gardeners should be asking themselves - “Is it diseased or damaged in any way? Does it need pruning to remove dead or crossing branches, to encourage new growth or rejuvenate an older plant?”. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to remove limescale from toilets - ‘cheap trick’ [TIPS]Estate agent advice: ‘Red flags’ to lookout for on property viewings [EXPERT]Cleaning: ‘Great way’ to banish flies from homes - works ‘instantly’ [COMMENT] He explained: “Sometimes a good prune is needed for a plant to be more productive in terms of fruit or flowers for example. “Pruning correctly will help a plant to thrive. “If showing signs of disease, try to find out what could be affecting it and what the appropriate treatment might be. “Early treatment can help a plant recover quicker.” Sometimes, depending on the plant, they can need a little extra help by way of “feed and fertiliser” especially if they are “lacking specific nutrients”, according to Jamie. He said: “To encourage good growth of any new plants and plant health specifically, we’d always recommend planting with root grow, and a fertiliser like bone meal as a basic helping hand. “Once established, you can feed with a general all purpose feed like a seaweed based feed or opt for plant specific, e.g. for roses, or plants like Pieris and Camellia, which need a more acid-based soil environment to thrive.” Watering plants is not as simple as it sounds. It is important to give plants the right amount of water, as “too much or too little” can also cause “issues” with plants, says the gardening expert. Jamie explained: “It’s important to know how much your particular plant needs and then monitor the soil moisture. “This is particularly important during periods of either really wet or really dry weather, to ensure it’s as near perfect as possible.” As the climate is changing, where you live will also be a factor to consider as you need to find out if you have the ideal climate for a plant. The expert said: “Some plants are tender and won’t do well in very cold areas of the UK, particularly in winter whilst others don’t do well in areas that are prone to drought. “It’s definitely worth picking plants that match your area’s climate to ensure that they are suited to your area.” He also noted that gardeners should do research on the specific plant types they have and how best they bloom if necessary. Jamie added: “The key is that not all plants require the same things, so it’s worth doing a little bit of research to establish the individual care and situation ideal for your plant’s requirements and ensure they are being met as much as possible. “Nail that and your plants will thrive.”