People who need the £150 council tax rebate to pay energy bills are being advised to act urgently to ensure they don’t lose out. Banks should be able to make allowances for customers who are struggling because of the cost of living crisis. Thousands of British households are eagerly awaiting their £150 council tax rebate but Westminster Council has issued a warning to its residents. On its website it said: "If you are overdrawn, you can exercise your first right of appropriation on the £150 payment, so that your bank doesn’t use it to pay off your overdraft." It’s not the only UK council to issue a statement reminding people to contact their bank before the rebate is paid. A notice on Redbridge Council said: “Households can exercise their first right of appropriation on the £150 payment, so your bank does not use it to pay off any overdrafts you may have.” READ MORE: First Direct offers 3.5% interest rate plus £150 'bank bribe' The National Debt website has a sample letter for households to use if they wish to exercise their right of appropriation. It can be downloaded and emailed to banks if needed. Often this won’t be necessary and a simple call will suffice. However, it’s best to act sooner rather than later. DON'T MISSDWP to resume Universal Credit roll out next week [WARNING]Attendance Allowance: Full list of 56 conditions that qualify [ALERT]Over 60s could pay NHS prescription costs - 15 groups get them free[UPDATE] People who pay by direct debit will receive the council tax refund sooner than others. Martyn James of consumer rights website Resolver said: “The current advice is to go on to your local council website where there should be some updates.” People who don’t live in band A to D properties might still be able to get financial support from their local council. They are advised to get in touch if they are in financial difficulty. All councils have a Household Support Fund totalling £1 billion designed to support families with the cost of living. Each local authority sets its own rules so it’s impossible to say who will qualify. People can find their local council’s contact details online. An energy loan of £200 is due later on in the year.