Marilyn suffers with a number of health conditions, including asthma and arthritis, requiring six prescriptions each month. While she doesn't currently have to pay the £9.35 per item charge, which only applies in England, she may have to if the Government went ahead with a proposal to increase the upper exemption age. "We're not treated as individual people. We're treated as just a commodity really," she told Express.co.uk during an exclusive interview. Marilyn claims Personal Independence Payment(PIP) and gets around £200 a month. She has no other income since being made redundant from her role as a travel adviser in the Covid pandemic. This leaves her relying on husband Alan, 67, who continues to work past state pension age because he can't afford to retire. Having been expecting to get the UK state pension at 60, Marilyn applied for the payment several weeks before her 60th birthday - only to find out she wouldn't be eligible for the payment until 66 due to state pension age changes. "It was horrendous," she remembers. A few weeks later, Marilyn was diagnosed with cancer. She was living in Cyprus at the time, explaining: "All the time I've lived abroad I've always paid a British stamp because I've worked for British holiday companies. I've never gone out of the system - I've always paid in. "I was thinking I could have retired and got myself better, but I had no income." Due to living overseas, Marilyn wasn't eligible for benefits at the time. She adds: "It's just sad the way we've all been treated." If the Government did increase free prescription age without transitional protection for current over 60s, Marilyn would need to find nearly £60 a month or pay £108.10 for a yearly Prescription Prepayment Certificate. It'd be "out of an income that's none-existent," she says. "That's a lot of money. "When I lost my job, I didn't lose by debts with it - I still had debts to pay. So I'm still paying off debts from when I had my job, on my little bit of income." “The NHS is going to be overwhelmed with sick people," she says. "It is disgusting the way we have been treated." "It is hugely worrying," she says. Marilyn is concerned she would have to tell the doctor she can't afford her medication, or ask friends and family for help. "I'll have to ask people to pay for that as a birthday present or a Christmas present, because where do you make up £100 for a prescription certificate for a year, out of nothing?" A Department of Health and Social Care spokesperson said: “Around 90 percent of community prescription items in England are free of charge, and people don’t pay if they are on a low income, over 60, or have certain medical conditions. “The upper age exemption has not changed since 1995 and that is why we have consulted on restoring the link between this and the state pension age. We are considering the responses carefully and will respond in due course.” For the first time in 12 years, the Department for Health and Social Care has frozen NHS prescription charges this year, meaning it remains at £9.35 per item. It usually rises with average inflation, but the fee is staying at its 2021/22 level this year, to help with the rising cost of living. A Prescription Prepayment Certificate (PPC) costs £30.25 for a three-month certificate, while a 12 month PPC will remain at £108.10.