Andy Fletcher of group Depeche Mode has died aged 60. The musician's death was confirmed in a statement by his Depeche Mode bandmates who said they were "shocked" at the news.  The sad news was confimed by the band in a statement on Twitter in view of their two million followers. It read: "We are shocked and filled with overwhelming sadness with the untimely passing of our dear friend, family member, and bandmate Andy "Fletch" Fletcher. "Fletch had a true heart of gold and was always there when you needed support, a lively conversation, a good laugh, or a cold pint. "Our hearts are with his family, and we ask that you keep them in your thoughts and respect their privacy in this difficult time," it ended. READ MORE: Corrie star Adam Rickitt's wife Katy bids farewell to ITV colleague  The star's death has not yet been confirmed. In 2020, Flethcher was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a nmember of Depeche Mode. He founded the band in 1980, alongside members Vince Clarke, Martin Gore and Dave Gahan. They went on to release 17 albums and soold ver 100 million records worldwide. Following the tragic news, fans of the star took to social media to pay their respects to the musician. Twitter user @Talbotdolphin wrote: "Absolutely gutted to hear of the passing of Andy Fletcher. Been a huge fan of the group since I was a teenager. Very sad day indeed. Thoughts to all his family and friends." @ElabogadoI penned: "Thanks Andy Fletcher for your music. You brought me joy and for that I am thankful. Rest in peace." Referring to the deaths of drummer Alan White and actor Ray Liotta, @maronivie wrote: "Ray liotta, andy fletcher, alan white. What kind of day is this supposed to be?!" DON'T MISS...Ray Liotta dead: Goodfellas actor 'dies in his sleep' aged 67 [BREAKING]Alan White dead: Yes drummer dies after a 'short illness' aged 72 [ANALYSIS]Kevin Spacey charged over alleged sex attacks [UPDATE] Fletcher started making music in the 1970's when he plated bass guitar in band, No Romance in China, with his friend Vince Clarke. After meeting Martin Gore, the three formed the band Composition of Sound. Following the addition of Dave Grahan to the group, they renamed themselves Depeche Mode. They went on to earn multiple awards and were nominated for a Grammy five times. In 2002, the star launched his own record label, a Mute Records imprint called Toast Hawaii. When he wasn't touring with Depeche Mode, the musician played gigs and clubsaround the world. He leaves behind his wife, Grainne Mullan and their two children, Megan and Joe.