Matteo Guendouzi has tried to thwart Arsenal's plans by encouraging William Saliba to leave the Gunners. Saliba and Guendouzi have spent the current campaign at Marseille, who are likely to exercise their option to buy the latter in the summer. But Saliba will return to the Emirates Stadium, where he will again attempt to force his way into Mikel Arteta's plans. The defender has enjoyed an impressive campaign in Ligue 1, becoming a key part of Marseille's backline. Whether that will be enough for him to finally be handed his Arsenal debut is unknown, especially with the likes of Ben White and Gabriel having established themselves at the Gunners this term. Marseille boss Jorge Sampaoli has made it clear he would be delighted to bring Saliba back to the Velodrome next season and Guendouzi has joined his manager with those calls. “I hope William stays here. He is having a great season, he deserves everything that has happened to him. He's a great guy outside, he's had a lot of great games,” Guendouzi told a press conference ahead of Marseille's final game of the season. READ MORE: Saka 'in love' with Arsenal amid contract saga and Liverpool interest Saliba has made 51 appearances in all competitions for Marseille this season. He has been a key part of a defence that has helped Les Phocéens to a top three finish in Ligue 1 and reach the semi-finals of the Europa Conference League. Sampaoli has frequently made his love of Saliba clear, having seen the young defender establish himself in the team. And the Argentine manager last week put the ball firmly in Arsenal's court with regards to Saliba's future. DON'T MISS: Arsenal 'ask Dybala's agent about his demands' as Jesus alternative (TRANSFERS)Arsenal icon David Seaman joins Gary Neville to slam Granit Xhaka (INSIGHT)Arsenal star Gabriel Martinelli shirt number change linked to transfer (NEWS) “William’s progress is linked to his development this season and the maturity he now has and his playing time. He is now consistent, he’s grown up as a player," he said when asked about the chances of Saliba returning. "In relation to his situation at the club, I hope that there is a possibility for us to retain a player like him, who knows the team. But I don’t know if it depends on OM, William or Arsenal, I don’t know the possibilities in this case.”