Silent Witness returns to the BBC on May 23 with the show marking its 25th birthday on screens. Fans of the long-running series are looking back to previous seasons of the show and are curious to know about some of the cast shake-ups over the years - here's what you need to know. Actress Liz Carr confirmed in 2020 she was departing from Silent Witness after being a part of the Lyell team since series 16 in 2012. She shared the news with her fans on Twitter, telling her 36,000 followers: "Yes, I have left #SilentWitness @BBCOne "I chatted to @bbcouch about why, about my big episode this series & about what I'm up to next. "I will so miss @EmiliaFox , #DavidCaves, #RichardLintern & #DanielWeyman." READ MORE: Amanda Burton opens up on if she will return long-term   She added: "Thanks for everyone's love & support - You are the best xxx." In an interview on the BBC Ouch podcast, the actress opened up about her decision to depart form the series after nearly a decade. She said: "I think over the eight years I've kind of policed the show quite a lot and worked to make sure it was better and refused to say certain lines that I thought were problematic. "I was asked recently if I was proud of what we achieved in terms of representation in Silent Witness - Oh, my goodness, of course I am." READ MORE: Emilia Fox husband: Is Emilia Fox married? Who is Luc Chaudray?   Carr seemed to suggest she wanted to the leave Silent Witness back in 2018 when she explained in an interview: "But I was just doing the same thing [in terms of storyline] and, as an actor, that just wasn't that interesting." She also said the BBC seemed "terrified" to have a disabled star on primetime television but she made sure her voice was heard on the series. Carr hailed Silent Witness for the experience the show had given her over the years. She explained: “I’ve gone and had the most incredible opportunity to develop and get better and learn and learn and learn, and there are very few disabled actors internationally who have that experience.” DON'T MISS...Silent Witness: Who is Clarissa's husband in Silent Witness? [EXPLAINER]Silent Witness: Why did Richard Lintern leave Silent Witness? [INSIGHT]Silent Witness 2020 ending explained: What happened at the end? [ANALYSIS] The star was on to feature in a sci-fi movie called Infinite with Mark Wahlberg and Chiwetel Ejiofor. On her part in Infinite, Carr said: “It’s a great role. I’m ecstatic. I thought, ‘I bet they’re just going to audition wheelchair-users and then they’re going to give the role to Tom Cruise.’” Since Silent Witness, she has appeared in Who Do You Think You Are? as she traces back her ancestry on the series as well as Devs, The Witcher, This Is Going To Hurt and CripTales. She will also be appearing in the highly-anticipated new series of Good Omens. Carr previously featured in the Netflix sci-fi series The OA in which she played a professor with many secrets. READ MORE: Silent Witness theme song lyrics explained: What is the meaning?  Prior to her role in Silent Witness, Carr was a comedian as well as a disability rights campaigner. Along with Carr, Richard Lintern has also bowed out from Silent Witness after his character Dr Thomas Chamberlain was killed off. Fans were left devastated after the longstanding character was killed off. Silent Witness is going from strength to strength after the BBC gave the drama a double recommission. Silent Witness airs on BBC One tonight at 9pm