Tottenham's senior players are reportedly 'desperate' for the club to back Antonio Conte in the summer transfer window. Spurs secured a place in the Premier League top four with victory over Norwich on the final day of the season but Conte's long-term future is still in question. The Italian's contract at Spurs expires at the end of next season. Despite the win at Carrow Road, he did not confirm he would remain at the club next season. Conte has made it clear since replacing the sacked Nuno Espirito Santo that he needs to make major additions to his squad. And the Evening Standard says he has several of the club's senior players on his side. Qualifying for the Champions League is seen as a crucial moment for the north London club and players don't want the opportunity to go to waste. They want Conte to stay and carry on building what he has started. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag fires warning to Manchester United players in first interview as manager  Conte has already proven his worth in the transfer market. The signings of Dejan Kulusevski and Rodrigo Bentancur in January have both proven to be smart pieces of business. Kulusevski in particular has had a stunning start to his Spurs career. The Swede has registered five goals and eight assists in 18 Premier League appearances. Spurs are already making moves for this summer. Southampton goalkeeper Fraser Forster could join on a free transfer, while Christian Eriken remains a target with his short-term deal at Brentford set to expire. Spurs defender Eric Dier has outlined his view that the club must build on what has been started under Conte. Dier told the Standard: “I think the club needs to take advantage of this moment, take advantage of this team and this manager. DON'T MISSCristiano Ronaldo 'blocked' Man Utd from hiring Antonio Conte before Erik ten Hag [REPORT]Leeds reject £46m Raphinha bid after Premier League safety as star 'agrees terms' [GOSSIP]Cristiano Ronaldo and Mason Greenwood 'erupted' during specific Man Utd defeat [INSIGHT]  "It’s in the club’s hands now. We’ve done our job and now it’s the club’s job this summer to do the best work they can. "I’m sure they’ll try to do their best to put us in a position next season for us and the manager to continue to push on and get better and better. Obviously, we’ve stabilised in the last five or six months, we’ve been improving consistently and the results have come. "There’s still a lot of space for improvement and we want to fill that space. The club is in a great situation right now with the manager and players [and] we should use this as a ramp to keep moving forward."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here