The woman, who lives in a three-bedroom property with her adult nephew and Staffordshire Bull Terrier, Zara, says she has been the victim of anti-social behaviour and criminal damage - including threatening messages, smashed windows and banging on the door - since late February. Now she only goes downstairs to feed her fish.   The woman, who did not wish to be named, has sought help from the council to move home and has said she is willing to be placed in temporary housing provided her dog can accompany her, reports Hull Live. She said: "It's quite frightening, to be fair. I've sort of gone upstairs with my dog and packed everything up downstairs. I shouldn't have to live like that. I come down to feed my fish and that's it." Beginning in late February, threatening messages including "Windos (sic) are getting smashed! Knock you clean out" and "Dead Man Walking. Watch your back wait till I get you" were written on her front door in pen. A living room window was broken in the first series of attacks on the property. Then, on April 30, the kitchen window was smashed during the afternoon and a gate lock was damaged. That window then had to be boarded up over the Bank Holiday weekend.  Multiple incidents have been logged with the police. Not long after the first threatening messages appeared, the woman started seeking an alternative home to move into and, after struggling to find a private let, she sought help from Hull City Council. On May 3, she was offered temporary accommodation by the council, but turned it down due to concerns over her pet, and where her belongings would be stored due to what she said said was a lack of space in the accommodation. "They wanted to put me into a hotel where I can't take the dog with me. My dog's my life, she's just kind of like having a child."   She cautiously lets Zara out into the garden but says she does not let her out of her sight. The woman says she is willing to move into temporary accommodation, provided she can take her dog with her and is reassured about her belongings being safely stored. While she lives in a three bedroom house currently, she is seeking a "two-bedroom house, with a garden for the dog, and ideally with a balcony".  A Hull City Council spokeswoman confirmed the council has sought to help the woman move and said: "As a result of the threats made against her, we have offered help and advice about the type of accommodation available to her and on the bidding process for council properties. "When bidding for council housing, due to the limited amount of homes available, we would encourage her to bid on properties which are suitable to her household make up and also to consider applying to rent from a housing association or private landlord, which would increase her chances of success." A Humberside Police spokeswoman confirmed a report of a window between 2pm and 6.30pm on Saturday, April 30: "We are investigating this incident and a number of previous reports of criminal damage and antisocial behaviour in this area to identify those responsible and bring them to justice for their actions. "Anyone with information about this incident should call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 16/50787/22." 