The Conservatives have taken a battering in the capital in the local elections, losing the long-held Wandsworth and Barnet councils, as well as unexpectedly ceding control of Westminster. In the capital the party is set to improve on its results of 2018 and 2014 - and is even on course for its best performance there since London's 32 councils were created in 1964. The outcome has given something for Labour to cheer about, claiming they are making huge progress under Sir Keir's leadership. Such pronouncements though are premature. London has been increasingly a Labour stronghold for years, with the Brexit referendum only exacerbating the trend. Everyone knows Boris Johnson didn't win the last general election by winning the votes of Remainers. READ MORE ON OUR ELECTIONS LIVE BLOG While Labour will boast about its success in the south, in other parts of the country the picture isn't quite so rosy. Labour's council leader in Oldham lost his seat to the Tories and the party has failed to make progress in Hartlepool and Sunderland. While there have been some increases in the share of the vote in so-called Red Wall areas, the progress is not enough to exactly suggest Sir Keir has won over Brexit-voting areas of Britain that he can be trusted with the keys to No10. "Overall, across the UK the Conservatives have so far done better than expected," a Tory source insisted this morning. "Keir Starmer is clearly not making the progress he needs to even dream of being in government and it's hard to imagine any other Conservative leader doing better than this." We're still only halfway through results being declared in England so the picture could of course yet change. DON'T MISS:Scottish Tories brace for ‘heavy loss’ in elections [UPDATE]Kay Burley erupts as Dowden scrambles to defend party results [WATCH]Dominic Cummings in sensational election day attack [REACTION] But if the rest of the election continues along the same trend as last night, it would be a mistake for Labour to get too carried away. The party are talking up their performance outside of London, claiming it to be a success. "From overnight results, we'd win at least 16 leave voting seats - Carlisle, Copeland, Great Grimsby, Hartlepool, Ipswich, Leigh, Lincoln, Peterborough, Stevenage, Thurrock, West Brom East, West Brom West, Wolverhampton North East, Wolverhampton South West, Worcester, Workington," a source in the party said. Every party has to talk up their results in public, but behind closed doors, Labour needs to be having serious conversations about the Red Wall if they want success at the next election.