The woman reportedly found her next-door neighbour had hung her laundry on her washing line without asking her first. The woman claimed part of her neighbour's garden belonged to her. Sharing her experience on parents' blog Mumsnet, the woman who wished to remain anonymous, said the two gardens were open-plan, but with two "clearly defined" gardens. She said she had other issues before, especially during the summer months when the neighbour's children play on her side of the garden. The woman explained: "Normally, this wouldn't bother me but we both WFH with our workspace at the back of the house, so it was a bit of a pain but we let it slide. READ MORE: Dennis Waterman net worth: Actor made millions during his career  "One morning I get up to hang out a washing and see the neighbours' washing already out on my drying green. "Was a bit WTF about it, mentioned to her and she had always just used our drying green because her poles had broken and the previous owner didn't mind. "I did mind, and told her so. "It didn't stop and we eventually put up a fence." What do you think? Join the debate in the comments section below   The fence, however, did not solve the problem. The woman claimed the children broke the fence and the neighbour started coming into her garden to hang up her washing without permission. The fence eventually got fixed, but the neighbour drilled holes into it and strung up washing lines stretching across the garden. The Mumsnet user continued: "I realise I may be overreacting and it's just a fence, but AIBU to want to ask her to remove the screws as she didn't ask to drill into it? Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea "If she had asked, I'd likely have said no because I'm not keen on the persistent weight pulling on the fence." Other Mumsnet users shared their opinion with one saying: "She has no legal right to attach anything to a fence that you own which is entirely on your land. It’s your fence and you can ask her to remove the line from it." Another one said: "She is incredibly rude. The washing line comes down straight away." Many people had similar issues with neighbours with Mumsnet user 'Horsegirl1' explaining: "We have only one neighbour as we live rural. Our gardens meet and she keeps using my washing line. "Every time I go out to hang up my washing she has clothes on my line. She has only just started doing this. It's driving me crazy as I have five children so have tons of washing." User 'MajesticSeaFlapFlap' said she should "take it off every time". Another one, named 'KakunaMatata' said she should "start wearing her clothes". Many people share neighbour horror stories on Mumsnet with one recently explaining how her neighbour's trampoline was "severely impacting" her wellbeing and making her life miserable.