Novak Djokovic’s coach has claimed the Serb and Rafael Nadal will play the “greatest quarter-final in the French Open history” with both now just one match away from their 59th meeting. Goran Ivanisevic believes Djokovic and Nadal will both make it to the quarter-final stage but claimed it was “better” for his charge to face the 13-time champion earlier on in Paris, as opposed to in the final. Djokovic and Nadal are in the same quarter of the French Open draw, and now find themselves within one round of a rematch of their semi-final in Paris just one year ago. It would be their first meeting since the world No 1 upset the man dubbed the ‘King of Clay’ in that match, but Ivanisevic admitted the Spaniard remained the favourite for the title. “Rafael Nadal is always the favourite in Paris,” he told Tennis Majors. “He has won 13 titles here and he must be considered the favourite, but he was the favourite last year as well and he did not win the title. I think that it is extremely hard to face him in the final here, because he has never lost one. The same thing with Novak in Australia, where it is almost impossible to play him in the finals.” The retired former world No 1 was glad his charge would face the 13-time French Open champion earlier in the tournament again and claimed they would play the best quarter-final the tournament had seen but confessed he didn’t know whether Djokovic would come through the clash. “Last year, I said it is better for Novak to meet Rafa in the semis, and now they could potentially face off in the quarters,” he said. JUST IN: Emma Raducanu 'forgot' she won US Open and discusses being 'absorbed'   “First they both have to get there – which I believe they will – and then we will have the greatest quarter-final in the French Open history. Who is going to win? I do not know, I do not have a crystal ball with me.” The 2001 Wimbledon champion also addressed Djokovic’s tough section of the draw, with Carlos Alcaraz in the same half of the draw as himself and Nadal. “Before the draw, we knew that there were 50 per cent chances that the three of them would end up in the same half, and it happened. Unfortunately or fortunately, it remains to be seen,” he added. And Ivanisevic thought that the two players were the only ones with the chance of ending the Serb’s campaign to defend the French Open title he won last year as he said: “There are no big secrets now, the preparations are done, now it is more about fine tuning, some details and staying positive. When it is like that, there is only one person that can beat Novak [Nadal], perhaps two now with Alcaraz. As for the rest, I do not see it.” DON'T MISSRaducanu interested in working with ex-Murray coach ahead of WimbledonBoris Becker's estranged wife lets rip at jailed starNadal's uncle won't advise Auger-Aliassime or attend French Open clash    And if Djokovic and Nadal do meet in the quarter-final on Tuesday, a lot of the match-up could come down to the conditions they play in. The French Open has introduced a new night session but the world No 5 admitted on Friday that he didn’t like playing on the surface at nighttime. “I don't like night sessions on clay. I say the other day. I am very clear with that,” he stated. “I don't like to play on clay during the night, because humidity is higher, the ball is slower, and can be very heavy conditions especially when it's cold. I think that makes a big difference in the way you play tennis on clay during the night and during the day.” But Djokovic prefers the night session to the day session, and told French TV: “All I will say is Rafa and I would make different requests.”