Mrs Hinch fans often share cleaning hacks on dedicated social media pages, including tips on how to get rid of yellow pillow stains. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Cliffy Kay wrote: “My pillows have gone a yellowy colour. What do I do to get them white again? They are only two years old and I paid quite a lot for them.” Pillows often turn yellow because of sweat which seeps through the pillowcase. Other reasons include falling asleep with wet hair, wearing lotions on the face as well as general moisture. This often occurs more during the summer months when the weather is warm. Sharing advice in the comments, fans recommended soaking the pillows to try and remove the stains. READ MORE: How to sharpen your lawn mower blades - safest method Megan Hambidge said: “I place them in the bath along with laundry detergent and leave to soak for a little bit. “Make sure the water is hot and you can also use stain remover if needed, I also add in some baking soda, they turn out perfectly.” Fiona Maxwell also recommended using baking soda, but vacuuming it instead. She added: “Wash your pillows in the bath or sink with detergent, any will do the job. I use Aldi’s Almat ones, pillows always turn out perfectly.” DON'T MISS:DIY warning for wooden pallets as ‘highly toxic’ treatment used [WARNING]‘Household remedy’ to help remove ‘significant dirt’ from ovens [EXPLAINER]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘cheap as chips’ hack to get rid of fruit flies [COMMENT] Nicole Byne said: “I mix baking soda with water to turn it into a paste, messy job but it’s cheap and easy.” Lisa Chapman wrote: “Stains will lift with baking soda, I swear by it.” Baking soda can be purchased from supermarkets for as little as 50p. The powder helps to lift stains from various pieces of fabric as well as deodorise it. It can also be used to help clean mattresses. Sharing advice on the same page, other group members recommended putting them in the washing machine. Sophie May wrote: “I’m currently washing mine in the washing machine. “They come out misshaped but with a little patience they do fluff back to normal again.” April Wilson added: “Put a clean tennis ball in with the pillows, it stops them misshaping.” Aimee Madly said: “Wash in the washing machine with some white vinegar, it’s great. “Throw a clean tennis ball into the wash as it helps stop the pillow going into a weird shape.” Alison Huet recommended washing pillows with white vinegar. She said her pillows came out looking “brand new”. White vinegar is one of the best natural stain removers that many households already have. The acetic acid in the vinegar is mild, so it removes stains without ruining any clothing or bedding.