Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, 74, is a hard-working royal and future Queen Consort to Prince Charles. She is rarely heard speaking during public engagements, except for the odd speech here and there. So to hear the Duchess speak so much with Dame Mary Berry and the winner of the competition, Jemma Melvin, was a huge surprise.  She spoke with all of the contestants and then announced that Jemma was the winner. Camilla could be heard saying “congratulations” to Ms Melvin after her resounding victory. What was Camilla’s body language like during this episode? Body language expert Judi James spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to offer her analysis. She said: “Camilla threw herself into her role in the jubilee pudding competition with the kind of enthusiasm that suggests she is a fan of the bake-off genre of shows. “Mary Berry had the edge when it came to regal charisma. “But Camilla performed with slightly nervous happiness. “She was looking genuinely pleased to meet the famous cook, approaching her with a lowered head and warm smile that signalled a degree of fan-like deference,” the expert claimed.  How did Camilla handle the pressures of being on TV? Judi continued: “There was even that TV tradition of the tantalizingly long pause from Camilla before she announced the winner’s name. “The way she then offered and performed a hug with the winner suggested she had been impressed by the newer, more tactile style of William and Kate.” What did the hug say about the Duchess’ body language?  Judi added: “Camilla has her own way of hugging though. “After a kiss on either cheek, she then gave the winner quite a hearty slap on the back. “This suggested quite a breezy and playful personality.” The Queen will celebrate her milestone Platinum Jubilee with celebrations across the UK.  Events and initiatives will take place throughout the year, before ending with a series of festivities on the weekend of June 2 to June 5. Events will include Trooping the Colour (the annual public festivities for the Queen's birthday), the lighting of Platinum Jubilee beacons, and a service of Thanksgiving at St. Paul's Cathedral. There will also be the Derby at Epsom Downs as well as a live concert called 'Platinum Party at the Palace'. Finally, there will be the Big Jubilee Lunch, and the Platinum Jubilee Pageant. 