Having premiered on Netflix in 2017, Ozark aired its fourth and final season in April to the disappointment of many fans. Although the highly acclaimed series garnered millions of viewers across the world and multiple awards, star Jason Bateman opened up about its ending and shared his relief.  Throughout the series, fans have watched the Byrde family go from innocence to complete and utter chaos. This came after Marty Byrde (played by Jason Bateman) offered to launder $500 million dollars in five years for a Mexican drug cartel. He agreed to do so, to save his own life after watching his business partner gets murdered after a deal went wrong. In order to successfully fulfil his promise, Marty relocated his family from Chicago to the Missouri Ozarks where he believed it would easily go under the radar.  READ MORE: Madeley confronts Sadiq Khan with furious viewers over partygate However, this wasn’t the case after the family set up a number of businesses, they ended up stepping on a few toes, which incited a deadly and territorial feud. Even with the help of a young streetwise local Ruth Langmore (Julia Garner), Marty often found himself embroiled in life-threatening situations. Many fans couldn't get over how calm the character was during intense scenes, which he was often able to talk himself out of. As well as being on screen, the actor also had a hand in directing a number of episodes which he revealed was a condition for him to accept the role.  With Ozark officially over, Jason opened up and shared his relief for the series ending when it did. In an interview, during Netflix’s ‘Farewell to Ozark,’ he disclosed: “I’m really, really grateful that we got to the finish line. “The finish line we wanted to get to, that we weren’t kicked out of the party before we could get to an ending, that hopefully is satisfying for the audience.” Although the finale was met with mixed reactions, Jason was highly praised for his portrayal of Marty.  DON'T MISS...Jane McDonald opens up on unexpected living arrangements [INSIGHT]Ozark season 4: Hidden meaning in Byrdes car crash 'exposed' [INSIGHT] Ozark season 4 theory: Wendy secretly set up car crash after kids clue [THEORY] Ozark’s showrunner Chris Mundy revealed Jason had been approached to be cast in the series and only agreed to do so under a specific condition. He shared: “Jason basically said ‘I’d be willing to act in it if I can direct it.” Which was exactly what he did, although he wanted to direct the entire first season, he was only able to do nine episodes due to “time and schedule.” Jason was able to work behind the scenes for the first two episodes and the series finale.  Ozark was a huge hit with fans as it smashed the Netflix streaming records after season four smashed 4.095 billion minutes of viewing when part one was released in January. According to The Hollywood Reporter, it was “the best for any streaming title in nearly two years, and only the fourth time any show has topped the 4 billion minute mark.” The cast of Ozark also received major recognition from award shows as Jason took home the SAG Award for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Drama Series in 2019 and 2021. While Julia Garner won an Emmy for her portrayal of Ruth in 2019 and 2020. Ozark is available on Netflix.  