But a fierce online row broke out following comments made by Twitter users who compared the Union flag to the Swastika flags that hung during Hitler’s reign in Germany between 1933 and 1945. Broadcaster India Willoughby took to Twitter this morning [May 23] and said: “When the Queen dies, [I] wouldn’t be surprised if Boris appoints himself Fuhrer and assumes total control. That’s how close I think Britain is to Nazi Germany.”  After facing a backlash, India responded to the reaction by adding: “I belong to a section of society where laws are being passed, protections removed. Relentlessly demonised every day. “You don’t notice because it doesn’t [affect] you. This is a Gov that has put itself above the law, taken over supposedly independent institutions, does away with critical media, and is scrapping the Human Rights Act. I think you all need to wake up and smell the coffee!” Ms Willoughby, who is the first transgender co-host on Loose Women, was criticised following her tweets, with a row erupting on the social media site.Darren Grimes, a British activist, said this afternoon: “OUR flag represents OUR values, OUR institutions, OUR democracy, OUR way of life and OUR United Kingdom. “Those values are sod all like those of Nazi Germany and anyone who says otherwise has a pathological loathing of their own nation and ought to seek immediate help.”  Nile Gardiner, former aide to Margaret Thatcher, also said: “There are some stupid idiots out there with no sense of history. Without the Union Jack, the spirit of freedom it represents, and the immense courage of the British people together with that of the United States and the free world, the Nazis would still be occupying Europe today.”During Hitler’s time in power, the Swastika flag was draped in streets and shop windows. The flag has become one of the most potent hate symbols in the world, with many petitioning for a ban on owning Nazi Germany flags. The Union Jack has become a talking point on Twitter today, with some claiming the use on Regent Street in London is “excessive” ahead of the Jubilee celebrations next weekend. Dr Shola Mos-Shogbamimu said: "The Union Flag isn't the issue - it's the veil of legitimacy it bestows on White Nationalism that is the issue White Nationalism is what passes for British patriotism today and the British flag is its standard....is the Queen/Govt the standard bearer?" READ MORE: London bus explosion: Five electric buses go up in a fireball  Another account compared the display of flags to a display of Swastikas, describing it as “strongly reminiscent of this”. He added: “Our royals actually are Germans and until 1917 what is now called the House of Windsor was called the House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha. “So perhaps it’s not so much of a surprise to find the jubilee being celebrated in this way. “It looks plain silly to me. It’s invariably true that peoples who feel compelled to advertise their patriotism have the least to be proud of. DON'T MISS: Prince Andrew spotted grinning from ear to ear [PICTURES]Meghan slammed for 'wiping Harry's face' in new California pics [INSIGHT]Sussexes face US backlash as 'Californians have no idea who they are' [ANALYSIS]  “Shameful, frankly, and historically highly unpalatable. Besides, the Union flag has become a symbol of Brexit and hence ignorance, racism and stupidity.” Brexit is still continuing to divide the nation, with some who voted remain claiming Brexiteers are “racist” and arguing arguing the Union Jack is a “symbol of Brexit”. 