Prince Harry and Meghan Markle suffered a humiliating setback this week after the Duchess of Sussex's first project for the streaming giant was abruptly dropped. The Duchess' animated series Pearl was scrapped before it was even made. However, while it was bad news for the couple, one royal expert has suggested it has also sparked concern for the rest of the royals.  The Daily Mail’s diary editor Richard Eden told Palace Confidential that the news "made people at Buckingham Palace very nervous". He revealed that there are major concerns that the "only projects that will get the green light from Netflix now will be very personal ones about the Royal Family". Mr Eden explained: "I think it's a real problem. They fancied themselves as producers. "They saw this as the first of many, many programmes. But they don't have the experience." JUST IN: Archie Harrison birthday: Queen extends olive branch to Sussexes  He continued: "What’s so significant and what’s frankly worrying is that the only projects that will get the green light from Netflix now will be very personal ones about the Royal Family. "The only project they have at the moment is about the Invictus Games, which is a very worthy cause, but it's all about Harry. "We also saw how Meghan even muscled in on that. She gave a speech at the Games even though she has no formal role with Invictus. "So any future projects will have to be similarly personal, from how Harry has coped with grief or something to tie into his memoirs.  "It will have to be personal and it will have to involve the Royal Family. "That puts them in an awkward position because I don’t think they wanted to do that and certainly it will make people very nervous back at Buckingham Palace." Pearl was set to focus on the adventures of a 12-year-old girl inspired by influential women from history. DON'T MISS: POLL: Should Jubilee balcony appearance go ahead if Queen can't go? [POLL]Russia state TV scrambles to save Israel alliance with baffling theory [VIDEO]Royal Family LIVE: Kate on hunt for personal assistant [LIVE BLOG]  The Archewell Productions show was one of two projects announced as part of Harry and Meghan's multimillion-pound Netflix deal. The remarks come as the couple announced that they will join Queen's Jubilee celebrations with both their children. The Platinum Jubilee will be the first time the Queen has met her great-granddaughter, Lilibet, who is named after her. She has also not seen the couple's firstborn, Archie Harrison - who turned three yesterday - in two years. A spokesperson for the couple said: "Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex, are excited and honoured to attend The Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations this June with their children." However, on the same day, Buckingham Palace announced the couple will not be invited onto the royal balcony for the Trooping the Colour. 