Helen Darby, a 36-year-old English teacher from Doncaster, is proof that you’re never too old to stop learning. Now she’s teaching others about a money saving app she claims has “changed my life”.  Most people would benefit from a little bit of help saving money right now and who better to turn to than a teacher. English teacher Helen discovered Snoop in August 2020 and has been using it ever since, telling everyone she meets how much savings she's made. Since 2020 she’s saved almost £1,500 and says it’s been “very little legwork”. She told Express.co.uk: “I’ve saved on big ticket items- car insurance, sim only deals, flowers, takeaways and English Heritage membership.” READ MORE: ‘Unbeatable’: Top savings account offers 1.5% interest plus up to £400  Helen remembers seeing an advert for Snoop not long after the PPI scandal. “I remember it said Snoop can save you up to £1500 a year and it was a free app so I thought why not, what have I got to lose, I might even gain £1,500,” she said. One of the best features of the app is that users can pop in their renewal dates for things like car and home insurance and Snoop will remind users when it’s coming up. It also has a handy feature where it alerts users to dormant direct debits they may want to cancel to save money. DON'T MISS:Nationwide is offering 2% interest rate and £100 switching deal [UPDATE]Inheritance tax: Grandparents may 'reduce or avoid any liability' [INSIGHT]Pensioner 'flabbergasted' after £20,000 removed from her pension pot [WARNING] Helen said: “It once alerted me to a direct debit for £12 for fancy tea bags. “Yes, they were very nice teabags - but £12 is a little excessive - especially at the moment. “It also sends me voucher codes - I received a £20 discount code for John Lewis when I was doing my Christmas shopping and £10 worth of free luxury chocolates as well.” As Helen points out everyone loves a freebie, but her all time favourite has to be when her and her husband received a Google Nest worth around £80 when he purchased headphones from John Lewis. “He was going to buy them anyway so when Snoop alerted us to the free offer we were over the moon. “I absolutely love it - I can honestly say it’s changed my life. “I also get paid in the middle of the month so it’s useful for me to set up a payment cycle and know when everything is going out of my account. "The basic version is free to use so I’d definitely recommend people give it a go.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Snoop's Archna Luthra, said its research shows things are only going to get tougher. “Snoop’s latest Consumer Spending Snapshot shows we are far from the peak ‘squeeze’ on household finances and few people will emerge with their personal finances unscathed," she said. "Bigger bills, higher prices and lighter pay packets will see spending power under huge pressure, particularly for the least affluent households. Unfortunately, there is no magic bullet." "Right now, it’s about knowing and claiming what you’re entitled to, knowing where you stand based on a clear view of your bills and spending, and then doing as much as you can to cut back on the things within your control."