Residents in New George Street in Hull are reported to have “joined forces” to deal with a knife-wielding gang that is engaging in a “campaign of terror”. The men are young, aged around 18, and are suspected to have been acting unlawfully in the area since at least late last year. It is estimated that around 37 cars have been vandalised by the gang, according to Hull Live. People living in the area say they have repeatedly had their car tyres slashed. One morning this month, at around 2am, New George Street residents spotted three young men knifing car tyres. Sallah, a taxi driver who lives on the street, told Hull Live: “I saw them down on the pavement with a knife popping the tyres. I then looked down the street and saw that nearly all of the cars on the street had flat tyres.” He chased the men to call them to account, but could not proceed because “they were armed”. The police were called, but Sallah claimed they failed to turn up for 40 minutes, “even though we told them that they had weapons”. A Humberside Police spokesman told the paper that “investigations are underway” following this occasion. He added they “fled” the area after being chased and that, despite a “full and thorough search of the area” by officers, “the suspects were not located”. READ MORE: Johnson now least popular member of his own Cabinet Another resident of the area insisted the police was not doing enough to deal with the issue. She said: “We have the names and addresses of the boys who we think did it, which we have handed to police, but still no arrests have been made.” Officers have told residents not to put themselves at danger, according to the woman, and instead “encourage us to film the suspects where we can”. The resident commented that “you can bet Sallah would be the one to get in trouble” for running after the perpetrators. DON'T MISS: Hated Brexit deal ‘could shatter UK’ [OPINION] Farage blasts those blaming conflict in Ukraine for inflation [NEWS] Britons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ [OPINION] Local Neighbourhood Inspector Caroline Andrews told Hull Live “we have officers in the area” and has urged “anyone with information about the incident [in May] or those responsible to get in touch either by calling our non-emergency 101 line quoting log 44 of 19 May or anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111”. The attacks are being so much of a problem that the local tyre shop confirmed it had had at least seven or eight residents asking for tyre repairs. The shop has been asked by the police to provide its customers with receipts to keep track of the real number of people affected by the gang. One resident stressed she was concerned not just by tyre slashing but by the prospect of the criminality rising to new levels. The woman said: “The young men have been up on someone's balcony stealing a bike, they've smashed a flat window, they have hammered nails into my neighbour tyres. “How much longer until they're in our houses?” Additional reporting by Emily Johnson.