Paul O’Grady, 66, has expressed his upset at having to return his foster dog to its home. The devastated ITV star initially became captivated by his American bulldog during the filming of his show, Paul O'Grady for the Love of Dogs: What Happened Next. The star took Tulip into his home after filming took place. It wasn’t long after, however, that he heartbreakingly realised his home wasn’t suitable for the pooch. When Tulip arrived at the house, she would bark angrily at the other dog which troubled the presenter. Tulip’s barking left his other dog unable to retaliate and shaken, the Daily Star wrote last week. READ MORE: Nicole Kidman, 54, looks almost unrecognisable in make-up free photo After feeling that things were unsettled in the household, Paul decided to return the dog with hopes that she would soon be fostered. When he revisited Tulip's story in the ITV programme, he found that someone eventually decided to adopt her. She was subsequently able to fit into her family and get along with the other dog. Fans of Paul's pet show loved the recap programme and jumped on to Twitter to share their thoughts. Julieheartl3y79 said: "Nice having the chance to see how the dogs got on." Meanwhile, Annanjimmy7 shared a picture of her dog watching the show and penned: "Vinnie loves watching #pogdogs and realising how lucky he is. Bless those doggos." Paul hit headlines after returning to his Radio 2 show last week. It comes after he was replaced by Rob Beckett for three months. DONT MISS: Catherine Zeta-Jones causes a stir over being 'serenaded' by Bono (PHOTOS)Richard Osman breaks silence on replacing Anne Robinson on Countdown (NEWS)Amber Heard 'cleaned up' after Johnny Depp ‘lost control of his bowels (LATEST) Posting a picture of himself at the Chelsea Flower Show on Instagram, Paul captioned the photo: "No, I haven’t got a stall flogging flowers, I’m at the Chelsea Flower Show," the broadcaster wrote. "I look like I’ve been up to something on this photo but I can assure you I haven’t. “I kept getting asked by the press if I was into gardening. “I had to come clean and admit that if I go into a garden centre the plants wilt with fear in case I buy them. "Great day though, hooked up with some of my favourite people. “I couldn’t believe the stunning garden designs and the most beautiful flowers that could only have been grown by a magician."