Reports suggest Tottenham remain interested in signing Filip Kostic from Eintracht Frankfurt - despite wrapping up a deal for Inter Milan star Ivan Perisic in an exciting show of intent from the Spurs board. The north London club, who beat rivals Arsenal to fourth on the final day of the Premier League season, are looking to rally behind their manager Antonio Conte this summer with Daniel Levy and Fabio Paratici willing to bring in up to six new signings for the Italian before the start of the 2022/23 campaign. They have wasted no time at all to get two new recruits in place so far, tying up the signings of goalkeeper Fraser Forster and Croatian international Perisic on free transfers. Both will officially become Spurs players at the start of July but more new arrivals could yet follow before then. According to The Times, the impressive capture of Perisic has had no impact at all on Spurs' interest in Serbian international Kostic. That will come as a surprise to most given that Perisic is expected to play at left-wing-back for Tottenham, a role he thrived in under Conte at Inter Milan. READ MORE: Tottenham already discussing third signing after completing Ivan Perisic formalities The former Bayern Munich, Wolfsburg and Borussia Dortmund man is expected to share the responsibility with Ryan Sessegnon, who ended the season strongly upon return from a series of injuries. But now it looks as though Kostic could also still be attainable to further bolster Conte's options. Tottenham's interest in the Europa League winner would suggest Perisic could also play further forward, as part of Spurs' front-three. He has played the majority of his football in attack throughout his illustrious career, which has also included spells in his homeland and Belgium. READ MORETottenham already discussing third signing after completing Ivan Perisic formalitiesPau Torres' agents 'will travel to Manchester this week' to negotiate Man Utd transferTottenham star Harry Kane 'open to new contract' if Antonio Conte condition met Perisic is comfortable on either flank or in a wing-back role and his versatility and experience will undoubtedly improve Spurs' options. Kostic is also capable of playing further forward if required and given Spurs will be playing Champions League football, they will need as many quality options in reserve as possible in order to be competitive on all fronts. It's understood Kostic could be available for under £15m this summer due to his Eintracht contract, which expires in June 2023. Juventus and Inter Milan are also thought to be interested but Tottenham's project - with Champions League football - now sells itself with Conte at the helm. The Bianconeri are believed to be at the front of the queue as they also look to sign Angel Di Maria and Paul Pogba. Reports on Tuesday morning suggest Juve are closing in on a deal worth around £13m. The development, if true, could prove to be a blow for Tottenham, who may have to move quickly in order to get a deal over the line. Kostic is expected to leave Frankfurt this summer, whatever happens, as the German club do not want to lose him on a free transfer.