Pulling up weeds manually is a task most gardeners loathe, especially when the weather is cold and wet. To oust weeds, many people resort to using chemicals, which can have a negative impact on the surrounding environment. Using chemicals can also be dangerous when used around pets and small children. Now, the experts at Safer® Brand have shared how to use several chemical-free methods to deter weeds. The gardening experts suggesting using high quality seeds, newspaper and corn gluten to deter weeds. The experts said: “First, make sure you're buying high-quality seeds. “Check the label to make sure your grass seed has less than two percent of weed seeds, like grassy or broadleaf weeds, crop seeds, like corn or wheat, and inert matter like chaff or soil particles.” READ MORE: Cleaning: How to clean washing machine drawers - 'cheap and effective’ Another way to deter weeds is by applying a mulch in beds and borders. They said: “Smother your weeds with mulch. “Don't throw away the morning newspaper yet. “Paper, leaves, straw, or even a black tarp are great materials to use to suffocate your weeds.  DON'T MISS‘Rule to remember’ when using paint for a ‘smoother’ finish [INSIGHT]Alan Titchmarsh on what to do with ‘tatty’ daffodils after flowering [UPDATE]Interior designer shares home decor trends estate agents ‘dislike’ [ANALYSIS]  “Just make sure you put enough mulch on the weeds to block out any light.” Safer® Brand also suggested using corn gluten to keep weeds under control. Apparently, using corn gluten “keeps weeds from ever popping up”. The corn byproduct prevents the germination of seeds and doesn't have an effect on already established plants. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The experts added: “Corn gluten also provides a healthy dose of nitrogen, which is a nutrient plants need to grow.” Gardeners can also use white vinegar, baking soda, boiling water and lemon juice to help kill weeds. White vinegar can kill weeds permanently when mixed with dish soap. The acetic acid in vinegar remove the water from the weed, causing it to dry up.  Baking soda kills weeds by drawing water out from the plant cells, leading to the foliage of the weeds drying off. Mix water with the baking soda and a surfactant to spray it on the weeds. Lemon juice contains citric acid which has a burning effect on weeds when it’s put directly on them. Boiling water can be used to kill younger weeds.