As the world evolves, technology becomes a greater part of one’s day to day life. There are newer ways to invest into property that do not involve a bank or other financial institutions.  could be interesting to look at property as an alternative pension option to the normal stocks and shares given the current volatility of stock markets worldwide With relatively low entry level of investment, investors can easily diversify their investment portfolio by investing into a number of different loans instead saving for one whole property. With investing, capital is at risk. This type of investment is called Peer-to-Peer (P2P) and is a form of direct lending that matches lenders with borrowers via an online platform. They allow investors to get involved with property at a £1,000 minimum with a 10 percent return on investment targeted. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively with Derek Pratt, Commercial Director of Sourced Capital, about P2P and how Britons can get involved and diversify their portfolio. Britons can invest into properties with minimum £1,000 because these platforms can work with multiple investors to raise the funding needed to back one project. READ MORE: Grandmother in tears as she's given £15,000 for retirement - 'Never seen that much money' Investors must be aware that capital is at risk and that P2P loan investments are not covered by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS). Past performance cannot be relied upon as a guarantee of future returns. He said: "It could be interesting to look at property as an alternative pension option to the normal stocks and shares given the current volatility of stock markets worldwide. "If deemed an appropriate method of investment for an individual, P2P may enable a person to diversify an investment portfolio and add exposure to an asset class that has historically returned significant gains. "Similarly, the target rates of return can look highly attractive compared to other investment options." Britons are warned that this kind of investment is not, however, appropriate for everyone or all circumstances. Mr Pratt said: “Given that you are lending your money to the borrower, there is potential for the investor to lose capital and/or expected interest if the loan does not successfully perform. That risk of loss can, of course, be much reduced by investing into a loan with robust security, but that risk of loss is not totally removed. “Investors should be mindful that P2P is very rarely a place to invest if you need liquidity and ready access to your invested cash. “Given that your investment is part of a loan, you will be reliant upon the borrower repaying that loan before you have access to your capital invested. Some platforms do offer a secondary market, where it could be possible to 'sell' your loan to another investor. “This is not, however, a guaranteed means of accessing your funds invested and you should only invest funds into this sector that you do not place financial reliance or need access to.” Mr Pratt mentioned that it is possible to invest into P2P via a pension. He continued: “It's worth mentioning, however, that to invest into P2P through a pension you would need to hold a Self-Invested Personal Pension (SIPP) or a Small Self-Administered Scheme (SSAS), so it won't be possible through a normal workplace scheme, for example. "If you invest into a P2P loan, your returns are based upon an interest rate payable to you on the funds you have lent the borrower. Irrespective of the tax treatment of capital gains for different types of legal entities, there is no capital gain – just interest earned on the loan. If you have invested via your SSAS or SIPP, these returns are non-taxable. "You can also benefit from your interest being earned tax-free from your P2P investment by investing via your ISA. You can either invest new funds into an IFISA or transfer balances from an ISA (i.e. a Cash ISA, IFISA or Stocks & Shares ISA) elsewhere.” 