Kate Middleton, 40, will be out constantly celebrating the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee over the next week. But what will her hair look like? Kate is renowned for her hair always shining, glossy and full of volume.  Recently the Duchess has been straightening her hair into a sleek straight style. But for the majority of the past 11 years, Kate liked to have her hair big and wavy. Kathleen Rogerson, the Scientific Director of Glaze hair products, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about how to achieve the Duchess of Cambridge’s glossy curls. She spoke about how their new product, Glaze Super Color Conditioning Gloss, will make people's hair look like Kate Middleton's. READ MORE: Princess Eugenie 'maintains steady weight' but is 'adventurous eater' Kathleen noted: “It’s a semi-permanent colour conditioning gloss that is packed with super glossy shine ingredients. “It deposits a natural tint to enhance your hair colour, tames fly-aways and leaves your hair feeling silky soft, healthier and more conditioned – all in one use. “The Super Gloss is a multi-tasking hair gloss for that just-stepped-out-of-the-salon, regal glossy look. “To recreate Kate Middleton’s signature glossy brunette, try the Glaze Super Gloss in Chocolate Gleam or Blazing Brown to warm up any brunette and emulate her beautiful chestnut tones. “It’s also available in transparent for those looking for that regal glossy shine without the colour. “It includes nine natural shades from blonde to black to enhance any shade.” How does Kate Middleton’s hair always stay so glossy when out on royal engagements? Kathleen said: “We believe the Duchess of Cambridge’s hair has always had the glossy, vibrant, healthy mark of a salon hair gloss.  “Her hairstylists probably use a professional hair gloss treatment that has been available in salons for some time, but hair glosses for everyone to use at home haven’t been widely available. “This is what inspired the team at Glaze to launch the Super Gloss so that everyone could enjoy salon standard, super glossy, vibrant hair without the salon price tag.” The expert offered her best tips for using the product so royal fans would not be disappointed. She commented: “The Super Gloss from Glaze is super easy to use – it’s like a conditioner so there’s no need to mix anything and there’s no mess.  “Simply apply the colour conditioning gloss to dry or damp hair, wait for 10 minutes, rinse and then style your way for that royal glossy look. “For best results make sure you section your hair when applying to make sure you cover every strand. “It lasts up to 10 washes, but because it’s like a conditioner you can apply it every week to keep that regal glossy colour topped up. “The Super Gloss is packed with hair loving ingredients, including Babassu oil and its GlaziPlexTM conditioning technology for that mirror glaze shine.” Shop Super Gloss by Glaze on Superdrug for £12.99 here. 