The largest sunflower in the world broke the Guinness World Record in 2015 standing at a whopping 30 feet and one inch tall. Although the average garden sunflower is unlikely to soar to these heights, the average flowers tend to grow between six and 10 feet tall. Whether you're in a growing competition with your family, or simply lovely of these vibrant blooms, there are some essential care tips that can boost your sunflower's chances of being the biggest in the garden. And there is one spot in the garden in particular that could benefit your blooms. Although sunflowers can be grown in containers, according to Gardeners' World, if you want your sunflower to "grow really tall, it's best to plant it in the ground". When planting your seed in the ground, you will need to be strategic about its exact location. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to clean washing machine drawers - 'cheap and effective’ According to experts from Renees Garden: "Sunflowers need full sun; six to eight hours of direct sunlight per day – the more the better if you are trying to grow them to their maximum potential." Therefore, when picking a spot for your plant, you should identify the part of your garden which gets the most sunlight throughout the day. You should also make sure this is a sheltered spot with fertile, well-drained soil. DON'T MISSOven cleaning: How to clean oven door glass under 5 minutes - ‘cheap’ [EXPLAINER]Grass care tips for a more ‘low maintenance’ lawn [COMMENT]Lawn care: Can you kill weeds using baking soda? [INSIGHT] Make sure the risk of frost has passed before planting sunflowers outside. If you are concerned about frost, you can begin by sowing sunflower seeds in pots indoors, before transplanting them outside at a later date. By the end of May, sunflowers can typically be planted outside in most parts of the UK. To prepare your soil, dig an area of about two to three feet in circumference to a depth of about two feet. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Sunflowers need to be well watered in order to encourage maximum growth. Depending on how much rainfall there has been in your local area, sunflowers need around one inch of water per week. Gardeners' World warns: "Don’t allow plants to dry out as very tall varieties will have a job to recover." For an added boost, you can fertilise sunflowers tomato feed just before they are due to flower. Very tall varieties may need the support of a garden cane – especially when growing in an exposed position.