Iceland has emailed their customers with a change to their Home Delivery service. The supermarket giant has announced new rules for how shopping is packed, and why some shoppers praise Iceland for its move, others have criticised the move, especially for those who are less abled. In the Extreme Couponing and Bargains Facebook group, shopper Tracy Wiggins shared a picture of the email she received. She captioned the post with: “Anyone shopping at Iceland and getting it delivered its going to be DIY.” The email read: “Hi Tracy, we're making a small change to the way our Free Home Delivery service works in store. "Within the next few weeks, rather than packing your shopping for you, you'll need to pack your bags yourself for your Home Delivery. READ MORE: Tesco Clubcard Plus explained: Britons can save up to £40 each month “This is the only thing changing, everything else is staying the same, including free delivery when you spend £20. "Remember to separate your frozen, fresh (chilled) and grocery items into different bags. “This means they'll be stored at the correct temperatures before they're delivered. “If you usually need help to do your shopping and can't pack your bags yourself, please speak to a member of staff in store for assistance. “We hope to see you again in store soon. “Tour Iceland Team,” it concluded. DON'T MISS...Queen’s favourite sandwich she's had ‘for every afternoon tea’ [ROYAL CHEF]How to look younger: £28 high street serum that 'strengthens skin' [BEAUTY]Lawn care: How to 'instantly’ repair brown patches [EXPERT GUIDE] For any customer that shops in Iceland and then requests Home Delivery for their items, they will now have to pack their own bags, instead of Iceland staff doing it for them. Their items will then be delivered to their house at a later time/date. The post gained nearly 1,000 comments online, with some in favour of Iceland’s decision, whilst others were against. Aimee Elizabeth Adams wrote: “I can’t believe how many people are moaning about having to pack their own bags! You’d have to pack them if you were taking it with you so what’s the difference. “Just be sensible when putting your shopping on the counter - frozen all together, fresh all together (raw meat first and at the bottom of the carrier bag) and then everything else all together! “From experience from working in Iceland this will actually make things quicker as normally you have one person packing the deliveries who’s rushed off their feet trying to pack up multiple deliveries and then the tills get clogged up with shopping waiting to be sorted which holds the queues up more! I think it’s a great idea!” Jodie Louise said: “I actually think environmentally this is a great move, I've been hoping they would make it an option to not have it bagged as I always end up with loads more bags than I need so although it won't suit everyone personally I think its great.” Jamie Basildon added: “The amount of customers complaining about having to pack their own bags in store is hilarious. Unless you're old or disabled, Then you may still get assistance. This delivery is a free service offered to us who shop in store and yet we're still complaining about being asked to pack our bags. “Also can we focus on the good work that iceland have been offering it's elderly customers in the last week. To offer cheaper service for those of pension age due to the rises in the cost of living. Not many supermarkets are offering that, Not even my own company. So iceland should be praised but here we are...complaining about having to pack our own shopping into bags.” Lisa Bishop, on the other hand, raised an important point: “And the problem with this is… my elderly mother used to shop at Iceland, purely for the fact that she could still be independent in going out and choosing her shopping but stress of packing and getting it home was taken care of for her. They may well still be delivering it but my Mum (like other elderly people) would struggle to do their own packing. This was your USP Iceland and I think it’s rather short sighted of you to change this.” Helen Godsall commented: “What a pain. My elderly mother in law doesn't find it easy to get about but likes to keep what she can of her independence. She goes to Iceland and relies on the pack and deliver service. She won't manage to pack by herself which means one of us will have to take her, pack for her and then we may as well bring it home. "Not a problem for us to do it to help her but a HUGE problem with taking away one of her last pieces of independence.” Express.co.uk has contacted Iceland for a comment.