 Speculation surrounding the Russian President’s health has circled since before the conflict in Ukraine after Putin isolated himself almost entirely during the coronavirus pandemic over a paranoia about germs.  It was also reported that a cancer doctor was seen among the President’s staff and recent footage of Putin shows him trembling, grimacing in pain, and gripping a table while he was slumped in a chair.   Reports of his health include theories that he is suffering from different types of cancer, Parkinson’s disease and even “schizophrenic symptoms”. Now, despite Putin’s staff insisting he is in “excellent health”, a former KGB agent has stated that in order for Putin to protect his image as a robust, healthy man, those closest to him will be kept in the dark about his health. Boris Karpichkov, who now resides in the UK, told The Sun Online that the Russian leader’s paranoia means he views everyone as “traitors”. Mr Karpichkov said: “He sees literally everyone, including those inside the Russian security services and even inside his close inner circle, to be ‘traitors’.”   He added: “He is so suspicious and so obsessed with his paranoia ideas that he can be now compared with Stalin.” On the President’s health he stated: “Another potential issue might be – judging from how he moves – that Putin can be suffering from the initial stages of either Parkinson’s or another serious disorder caused by some form of cancer, brain tumour, for example.” An insider at the Kremlin has reported on Telegram channel General SVR that Russia’s leader is scheduled for surgery before the Victory Day parade to treat his abdominal cancer. READ MORE: How to save money: Cut Tesco food shop to just £13 a week  The insider added: “The Russian President Vladimir Putin has oncology, and the latest problems identified during [his latest] examination are associated with this disease. The claim added that he also suffers from “Parkinson’s disease and schizoaffective disorder” that carries symptoms of mania and hallucinations. In recent speeches, Putin appears confused and breathless and footage of Russia's Easter Service has been picked apart as people believe it was a copy from a previous ceremony to hide his ailing health. DON'T MISS: US Poll shock! Support for “President Meghan” growing (POLL)May lawn care tips: ‘Focus on weeding and feeding’ grass this month (REVEAL)Irish tourists given 'preferential treatment' to Brits at airport (INSIGHT)   When Putin met with Moscow's defence minister, Sergei Shoigu, the Russian leader appeared to be gripping the table in front of him, grimacing as if in pain and slouching in his seat. Footage of the President meeting his Belarusian counterpart Aleksandr Lukashenko appeared to show his hand holding his chest with the other clenched in a fist and as he greets the Belarusian President, his hand appears to move like a spasm. Visegrad24, which first published the footage, said that it was “probably the clearest video of something being wrong with Putin’s health”. 