The incident reportedly occurred onboard a Corporate Travel Management (CTM) day trip service to the Spanish city. The man, 70, is still alive, thanks to the assistance of a Rangers-supporting doctor who was on board the flight. It was described as a "big scare for him and his family". A club insider told the Daily Record: "The man was kept conscious and he is okay, he's still alive. "But obviously he's had a heart attack so it's very serious and was a big scare for him and his family. "Luckily there was another fan on the flight who's a doctor. "He rushed to help him and looked after him on the flight.   "It's the best outcome everyone could have hoped for in the circumstances. "Hopefully he is well enough to still catch the game and gets the result we are all hoping for." Thousands of Rangers fans have travelled to Seville ahead of one of the biggest matches in the club's history. Up to 100,000 of the Glasgow team's supporters are expected to travel to the city, according to Seville police. Up to 50,000 fans of German team Eintracht Frankfurt are also expected in the city. They will have around 5,000 officers on duty for the game, which kicks off at 8pm. Former Rangers captain John Greig wrote an open letter to fans ahead of what he called "one of the best matches in the club's history". He asked them to be "ambassadors" and "protect the good name of Rangers". Mr Greig wrote: "I look forward to seeing you out in Seville, and to seeing the absolute best of our club on display. "There is no other club in Europe who would travel in such numbers for a match like this, and every single Rangers supporter should remember they are an ambassador for our institution. "This is a time to be enjoyed by each and every one of us, but it is also a time to look out for one another, and to protect the good name of Rangers. "I trust every single one of you to have the time of your lives, and hopefully see the Europa League trophy come back to Ibrox. "Thank you again for your magnificent support, and as well as wishing you a safe journey to Seville, I want to wish Gio, Tav and all the boys all the best for the match."