Former Top Gear presenter Jeremy Clarkson, 62, has reacted to the uproar surrounding Boris Johnson and Sir Keir Starmer, amid claims both politicians breached lockdown rules. Following Sue Gray's report into lockdown-breaking parties, some Conservative MPs have called for the Prime Minister to leave Downing Street. A drip feed of no confidence letters in Mr Johnson has been issued in recent days as pressure has continued to grow. The Clarkson's Farm host has since called into question the constant media attention surrounding politicians breaching lockdown and being issued with fines. Writing in his latest column, the car-enthusisast turned farmer shared his worries, as he lamented, "Will I crop a fine?" Jeremy admitted he took the first lockdown in 2020 "very seriously" but didn't follow suit with subsequent restrictions. READ MORE: Stacey Solomon shuts down stag do 'slip up' He began: "Throughout the Partygate investigation we’ve been told that Boris had some cake while another person was in the room and that Sir Starmer had a beer and a curry during a meeting with colleagues. "And I’ll admit, I’ve been worried." The Clarkson's Farm host said he washed his hands all of the time and wore a mask. He celebrated his 60th birthday, with his girlfriend Lisa Hogan, and his children - albeit sitting two metres apart.   Jeremy continued in The Sun: "But can I put my hand on my heart and say that, after work one day, I didn’t have a beer when Kaleb or Gerald, or someone else from the farm, was nearby? "Can I say that I never once gave the team a pork pie and some pickled onions for lunch? "And if I did, would that count as a party? The way the BBC has been banging on, the answer is yes." While, the Grand Tour host said he is all for politicians being held accountable, we should leave Sir Starmer and Mr Johnson alone. DON'T MISS... Eamonn Holmes set to undergo surgery as host unable to walk his dog[LATEST]Meghan Markle's Netflix series Pearl might have been 'ratings winner'[COLUMN]Rachel Riley replaces BBC presenter as Countdown star in new role[TWITTER] He wrote: "I’m all in favour of going after politicians when they make a mess, and those Downing Street wonks who vomited and had a karaoke session need a smacked bottom for sure. "But Boris and Sir Starmer? Nah." Jeremy concluded: "Leave them alone on this, because they’ve got other, much more important, things to be getting on with." Last month, Mr Johnson received a fixed-penalty notice (FPN) for attending a birthday celebration held in his honour in June 2020, as did Rishi Sunak, the chancellor, who reportedly made just a fleeting appearance. The PM will not receive any more fines for lockdown-breaching parties, it has since been confirmed. Meanwhile, Sir Starmer had previously said he would resign if he received a fine for breaching Covid rules. Elsewhere, Jeremy was recently joined by none other than Only Fools and Horses legend David Jason. The actor flew to the presenter's Diddly Squat Farm in a helicopter, earlier this week.