Tom Parker’s widow, Kelsey Hardwick, opened up about the “traumatic experience” of losing the “love of her life”, who sadly died at the age of 33, after battling a brain tumour. At the weekend, Kelsey saw her best friend get married in a moment that she described as “bittersweet” following the death of The Wanted star at the end of March. She took to Instagram to share her thoughts following the ceremony with her 318,000 followers. Kelsey shared a poignant picture of herself raising her glass next to a chair with a sign that read “for Tom”. She captioned the shot: “The year of firsts. My first wedding without my love. “I knew this was going to be the toughest weekend and I knew my head would be all over the place. “This weekend for me was so bittersweet, I was watching my best friend marry the love of her life, yet 7 weeks ago I lost mine.” The mum-of-two continued: “The thing about death is that even though I have suffered the most traumatic experience the world keeps turning. “The sun keeps shining and I know Tom was watching over me especially when the sun was beaming on us all day.” In her reflection, Kelsey pointed out that she also enjoyed the wedding and got to “be Kelsey”. She also admitted there were times when she could not stop crying as well as moments when she laughed “until my belly hurt”. Tom's wife penned: “I really enjoyed myself this weekend and it was so nice to actually let my hair down and be Kelsey. I raised a glass to my boy and I know he’s up there having shots. “There were moments when my heart would ache, moments when the tears wouldn't stop rolling down my face and moments where I laughed until my belly hurt. In this crazy world.” (sic) Kelsey concluded the post by highlighting that “life is for living”. Fans and friends of Kelsey and the late singer rushed to the comment section to send her their support. Ana.pache said: “I just love you Kelsey. Your perspective on things is so beautiful. “Although death is sad, it’s a part of life, and what better way to remember Tom than to have his memory be something to smile about. “That’s what true love is about, a love that transcends.” Bookmesometime penned: “Such a lovely photo and this chair! So thoughtful! So beautiful. “So pleased to hear you enjoyed yourself, that’s what Tom would want you to do! “Everyone is so so so proud of you Kelsey! You’re such a strong woman!” Xjeankellyx commented: “You are an incredible woman Kelsey. Tom would be so proud of you. “You looked gorgeous in your bridesmaid dress. I hope you have a lovely week ahead.”