Steven Gerrard will seek to sign another former Liverpool team-mate in Luis Suarez after Aston Villa confirmed the permanent capture of Philippe Coutinho, according to reports. Villa have emerged as by far the Premier League’s biggest spenders in the opening week of the off-season. The Midlands outfit, who appointed Reds icon Gerrard last November, have already spent £43million on new additions. That includes making Coutinho’s loan from Barcelona permanent in a £17m deal. Villa have also signed midfielder Boubacar Kamara from Marseille and are said to be on the verge of completing a move for Sevilla defender Diego Carlos. The club’s spending will not stop there, though. Gerrard has now been linked with a move for ex-Liverpool striker Suarez, who is available on a free transfer after leaving Atletico Madrid. The charismatic Uruguayan fell out with boss Diego Simeone and was allowed to depart at the end of the La Liga season. JUST IN: Man Utd set for Nunez frustration as Red Devils 'priced out' of move According to the Daily Telegraph, the 35-year-old wants to spend at least one more year in a major European league, especially with the World Cup approaching in December. Villa are ‘exploring’ the possibility of bringing Suarez back to England but are apparently weighing up whether, given his age, he can cope with the physical demands of the Premier League. The report continues that Gerrard and Suarez have kept in touch ever since the former England midfielder asked his ex-colleague for a reference on Uruguay ace Rodrigo Bentancur. Villa ultimately missed out to Tottenham on the signing of the 24-year-old back in January. DON'T MISS...Salah, Mane and van Dijk snub as Liverpool icon names player of seasonKlopp told why Salah is not club's 'most important' playerLiverpool have Mane belief as star 'draws up £25m Bayern Munich plan' Villa finished a slightly disappointing 14th in the Premier League last season and Gerrard has insisted that major changes will occur at Villa Park. Signing Suarez, who left Liverpool for Barcelona in 2014, would be a major coup. Gerrard recently said that Suarez was one of the best players he played with during his career. Asked by Gary Neville to pick a favourite out of the former Ajax star and fellow former Liverpool striker Fernando Torres, Gerrard said: “I’d say Suarez just because he had everything. I’ve played with some top players, [Xabi] Alonso, [Javier] Mascherano, Torres, you just felt no matter who you were playing, he was going to win you the game. “Straight away, he trained the way he played. I remember me and [Jamie] Carragher were like ‘I don’t want to play against him in training.’ He was that intense in training. He could embarrass you. Even with things I’m not sure he knew he was doing, with ricochets. He would run over you, he would dominate you, he would bully you.”