The former minister lashed out at Paris for deliberately inflaming tensions with the UK. He accused President Macron of wanting to hurt Britain as punishment for leaving the EU. Lord Frost said at an event last night: "A lot of committed Europeans, who believe in the European ideal simply cannot see the logic of Brexit. "They think it is inevitably damaging, inevitably self-harming, won't engage with any of the trade-offs around it that produce the results. "And so, they have no compunction in doing things that makes Britain's life difficult because it seems that's the natural order of things as a result of the decision we took." The former civil servant, who led negotiations with Brussels on behalf of the UK, warned Britain would "undoubtedly" see more efforts from France and others to undermine the success of Brexit. READ MORE ON OUR BREXIT LIVE BLOG Taking aim at Mr Macron he attacked the French President's treatment of the UK when compared to his dealings with Vladimir Putin. "Macron's remarks about Putin I think are a pity," he told The Heritage Foundation. "I'm sorry he's more willing to humiliate us than the Russians really." Since the outbreak of war in Ukraine, Mr Macron has held a number of long phone calls with Moscow. Despite the Kremlin's barbaric invasion of its democratic neighbour, the Frenchman has insisted the EU is "not at war with Russia" and urged for Putin to be treated with respect. He phoned the Russian President ahead of the UK when holding calls with world leaders following his re-election last month. DON'T MISS:Have Your Say: Should Liz Truss refuse more meetings with EU? [GET INVOLVED]Jacob Rees-Mogg exposes how EU is trying to 'punish' UK over Brexit [WATCH]'Biased left wing propaganda!' BBC slammed for 'pro-EU' stance [REACTION] Mr Macron has made a number of derogatory comments about Boris Johnson and Brexit Britain. Last year he referred to the Prime Minister as "a clown". "It is sad to see a major country with which we could do huge numbers of things being led by a clown," he is reported to have said privately. "Brexit is the starting point of the Johnson circus. "Very quickly he realised that the situation was catastrophic for the British." Despite the frictions, Lord Frost suggested France would likely cool its rhetoric in the future. He said: "We've often gone through phases where the French have been absolutely terrible and then come back and we have a few good years, and then another terrible few years. "So, I think one should also be sort of philosophical about this, these things work themselves through."