A driver was pulled over by police officers patrolling the M20 in Kent after they spotted an unrestrained chair and a sofa hanging out of a vehicle. The car was travelling at almost 70mph. The Fiat owner was subsequently pulled over. It is not known, however, whether any action was taken by the officers. A photograph of the vehicle showed a sizeable sofa hanging out of the vehicle’s boot. The driver took no precautions to make sure that the load was safely secured as the sofa was only being held by two loose bungee cords. A chair was also hanging out of the side door. READ MORE: Furious mum hits out at neighbour who keeps blocking her driveway Kent Police Specials tweeted: "This driver was stopped after being spotted driving around 55-65mph on the M20, with his car exactly like you see in the photos. "Only two bungee cords loosely holding a double sofa from the rear and a single-seater sofa literally hanging out the side door, unsecured." Many drivers took to social media to criticise the driver of the Fiat. Twitter user Arthur Drew commented: "You couldn’t make that up really, thought it was a joke, set up. DON'T MISS 'Another tax on the motorist': Drivers furious at 20mph speed cameras [INSIGHT] Drivers plead for UK 'van plan' to move millions to electric vehicles [REVEAL] Drivers warned as Tyre Extinguishers vow to target more cars [WARNING] “That’s madness to drive around like that. Good stop." Another person named Alan Smith wrote: "Just when you thought you had seen it all." Motorists can face huge fines for driving with unsecured luggage and blocked windows. Drivers should ensure that all luggage is securely packed, without blocking the driver’s vision. This is especially important if motorists are packing items into the front of the car, where they may unknowingly block vision out of the front windscreen or side windows. This is outlined in Annex 6 of the Highway Code which states that windscreens and windows must be kept clean and free from obstructions to vision. Driving with any kind of obstruction to the car windows or windscreens can limit the driver’s field of vision, potentially reducing reaction time and even contributing to an accident. Failing to keep the driver’s vision free from obstruction could land motorists with a fine and three penalty points. The rules are the same for unsecured luggage. If motorists are planning on transporting big amounts of luggage, they should make sure that it’s all properly and securely restrained. This should be done to avoid items moving or slipping around during the journey, as this could quickly become a dangerous distraction for the driver and other road users. Motorists have been urged by experts to wedge items into the rear footwell and use additional boxes in the boot to prevent items from moving around. Putting loose items on the dashboard has also been discouraged as they could easily fly off and cause a nasty injury. Annex 6 of the Highway Code states drivers should ensure that items of luggage are securely stowed. Failure to comply with this rule may result in injury to the driver or passengers or cause an accident.