Screenwriter Russell Lewis, Shaun Evans and Roger Allam have mutually decided to bring the Inspector Morse prequel, Endeavour to a close, and the ITV series currently filming in Oxford will be the last. Announcing the decision, executive producer Damien Timmer assured fans the final instalments would include "many surprises" and some returning favourites. Speaking about the decision to end the ITV series, Executive producer Damien Timmer on behalf of producers, Mammoth Screen said: "Endeavour has been a real labour of love for all of us, and we salute Russell Lewis for his extraordinary achievement in chronicling Endeavour Morse’s coming of age across 72 hours of TV. "Russell always knew where he wanted the series to end, and that Remorseful Day is nearly upon us! "We’d like to thank Shaun and Roger and all the other members of the Endeavour family on and off-screen, and to the show’s fans both in the UK and abroad. "Russell has many surprises up his sleeve for the final three films, with the return of some familiar faces and new challenges for Endeavour and Thursday to face before the final goodbye." READ MORE: Carol Kirkwood confirms engagement live on BBC Breakfast ITV bosses also released a first-look trailer of series nine, which showed lead detective, Inspector Morse (played by Shaun Evans) giving an emotional speech. "How clear, how lovely bright, how beautiful to sight those beams of mourning play?" With tears in his eyes, he continued: "How heaven laughs out with glee like a bird set free up from the eastern sea, soars the delightful day. "Today I shall be strong, no more shall yield to wrong shall squander life no more." "Days lost I know not how I shall retrieve them now, now I shall keep the vow I never kept before," Endeavour Morse concluded. "How hopeless underground fall the remorseful day." As the trailer came to a close, the caption, "The end of the beginning" appeared on the screen. When series eight of Endeavour aired last year, Shaun Evans, who plays a younger version of Inspector Morse, discussed whether the series would come to an end. Speaking directly to ITV, the actor admitted at the time the decision had yet to be made on whether to make Endeavour’s eighth series its last. DON'T MISS...Ozark season 4 theory: Jonah actually shot Wendy as fans spot key clue [REACTION]Lorraine warns Emmerdale guest to ‘behave' after appearance remark [VIDEO]Vera's Mark Edwards star speaks out on show return [INSIGHT] “That’s a decision for the whole team,” Evans confirmed. “As we have always done, we need to finish this series, take a look at them, take a view over what was done well. “If there’s still a story to tell and if we all still want to tell it. So, we’ll see.” Endeavour first aired on ITV as a single film in January 2012 to celebrate the 25th anniversary of Inspector Morse's television debut. Since then 32 more films have been broadcast with a further three currently in production, bringing the total to 36. The original Inspector Morse ran from 1987-to 1993, with English actor John Thaw as the titular detective. His iconic character was later revived for five special episodes which aired between 1995-2000. ITV’s 21st Century reboot takes Morse back to his origins in the 1960s and 1970s and explores his early career with the Oxford City Police. Endeavour is expected to return to ITV later this year.