In a video for household cleaning and laundry products company, Dri-Pak, an expert has shared how to clear blocked drains using soda crystals. The video caption read: “Totally blocked sinks may need plunging, rodding or harsh chemicals. Partially blocked drains can be sorted with soda crystals; they also help keep them blockage-free with regular use.” The cleaning expert said the “best” way to unblock a sink is to use hot water and soda crystals. The expert said: “If you find that your sink is totally blocked. “A lot of people will either plunge it, they will either use rods or use harsh toxic chemicals like caustic soda. “But we say that prevention is better than cure. READ MORE: Where to buy in and around…Brighton “If you use some soda crystals every week as a maintenance dose, followed by some hot water, that should do the trick. “Drains get blocked because grease builds up and traps debris. “So the best thing to do is tip some boiled water down the drain first of all to loosen all the debris. “After you’ve put the hot water down, you put about a cup full of soda curtails down your drain. DON'T MISSSienna is christened in Chapel Royal at St James's Palace - see inside [INSIGHT]Inside Wallis Simpson's former home where Kate and William might live [UPDATE]'Biggest kept secrets of gardeners' to grow perfect tomatoes [ANALYSIS] “Then, you can leave it overnight or for several hours to dissolve. “Finally, tip more boiling hot water down the drain to wash any soda crystals, dirt or grease down the sink.” A similar technique can also be used in shower rooms or bathrooms. Drains in bathrooms often get clogged up with shower creams, body oils and hair. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The cleaning expert said it’s a good idea to wear gloves when working with soda crystals if you have sensitive skin or any cuts on your skin. Put hot water down the shower drain first before then putting a cup full of soda crystals down it. Leave down the drain overnight or for several hours. After time has passed, pour some more boiling hot water down to rinse away the debris and the rest of the soda crystals.  Dri-Pak Fine Soda Crystals cost 80p from Sainsbury’s. Dri-Pak Soda Crystals are also available from Morrisons for £1.10. Wilko Original Soda Crystals cost £1.50 from Wilko.