As the weather begins to warm up, more people are likely to spot ants in and around their house. The insects can be drawn indoors through ideal nesting environments and open food sources. Are you concerned you might have an ant infestation? Express.co.uk spoke with a gardening expert to understand the key signs of one and how you can keep them away. If you’re worried your home might be suffering from an ant infestation, the first step is to correctly identify it. Michael Alves, founder of Hello Gardening, told Express.co.uk the quickest way to spot an infestation is to just simply walk around your property. If you come across any ant trails which lead to or from your home, it’s likely to be a key indicator that ants have taken up residence nearby. You might also notice “piles of dirt or soil” which wouldn’t normally appear in and around your home.  READ MORE: How to sharpen your lawn mower blades - safest method Though these may appear insignificant, they might actually be an ants nest and can show up in your basement if you have a soil floor. Mr Alves explained that the problem can become slightly harder to spot depending on the species of ant you’re dealing with. He said: “There are some species of ants that prefer to live behind walls or in other dark, quiet areas where it is more difficult to see them.” Other key signs of ant infestations can include:  Generally, ant infestations can be dealt with through a number of store-bought pesticides. But in severe cases, you may need to seek professional help to completely rid you of the issue. To keep ants away from your home Mr Alves recommended a couple of useful solutions which you can employ. The first of these is to spread ant powder around any entrances and doorsteps to your property.  DON'T MISS: ‘They won’t come back’: How to remove dandelions from lawns [ANALYSIS]Easy ways to get rid of garden pests including rats and caterpillars [EXPLAINER]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘very effective’ way to get rid of ants [INSIGHT] The gardener added: “You can even do it around your entire house if necessary.” Mr Alves also proposed a “100 percent eco-friendly solution” that doubles up as being safe with any pets you might own. He said: “You can make a cocktail of 50-50 white vinegar and water, spray this or wipe it all around your home, indoors and outdoors. “This will confuse ants and stop them communicating with each other correctly.”  Above all though, Mr Alves stressed the importance of closing off any easy-to-reach food sources to help stave off an infestation of ants. Maintaining a clean kitchen and wiping down any food surfaces after cooking are just some of the ways it can be achieved. He added: “You should avoid keeping any dirty dishes lying around overnight. Ants are just looking for a food source.” 