Manchester United legend Gary Neville delivered a cryptic social media message towards the closing stages of his former club's humiliation against Brighton. The ex-England right-back has not been shy in voicing his concerns on the Red Devils this season, but he could hardly bring himself to criticise on Saturday when the Seagulls ran riot. Moises Caicedo set Brighton on their way at the Amex Stadium before a second-half flurry from Marc Cucurella, Pascal Gross and Leandro Trossard completed a famous 4-0 rout. Cristiano Ronaldo could not help but laugh at the wayward defending that led to the third goal as United crumbled on the south coast. With minutes to go in the match, Neville perfectly encapsulated the speechless feeling of United fans by Tweeting nothing more than a full stop. Likes, retweets and replies quickly came pouring in from other Red Devils fans who were similarly flummoxed by another embarrassing result. JUST IN: Joey Barton performs Bristol Rovers miracle with 7-0 win to secure League Two promotion  There looked to be a glimmer of hope that United could round off the season on a positive note after a 3-0 win over Brentford on Monday night. That was Ralf Rangnick's last home game in charge of the club, and he will be thankful that Saturday's performance occurred hundreds of miles away from most of the Old Trafford faithful. Defeat against Brighton leaves them five points off fourth spot having played three games more than Tottenham. Hopes of qualifying for next season's Champions League were already dead and buried long before kick-off, but the widening gap shows the extent of the problem incoming boss Erik ten Hag must tackle this summer. DON'T MISS...Man City plot 'explosive' Pogba bid as Man Utd midfield considers switchTottenham make Graham Potter 'top target' from three-man shortlist if Conte quitsMan City boss Guardiola shares theory behind meltdown vs Real Madrid Although Neville's strange form of silence said it all on Saturday, he has previously been more explicit in his criticism of Rangnick's side. During United's 4-0 demolition at Liverpool last month, the former defender gave a particularly damning assessment that illustrates how low the side have sunk in recent times. "This Man Utd team are a waste of space," he told Sky Sports. "This is as bad as it gets. I thought Man Utd looked promising towards the end of last season but the demise to where they're at today has been alarming. What we're watching is nothing. This is nothing." Rangnick is poised to finish his Man Utd reign with a troubling run of form, having won just one of their past five matches and three of their past 13.  A final day trip to Crystal Palace is all that remains for the German to restore credibility, and they may also pose a stern test after beating Watford 1-0 earlier on Saturday. Patrick Vieira's side are gunning for a top-half Premier League finish, and their goal difference is superior to that of the Red Devils. United players and fans now have a two-week gap until the curtain falls on their disappointing season, with not much longer to wait until Ten Hag concludes his duties with Ajax and gets to work on setting his new club on the straight and narrow.