Manchester United won’t have Erik ten Hag in charge for Sunday’s Premier League clash with Crystal Palace, reports say. The Dutchman has terminated his Ajax contract six weeks early in order to get started at Old Trafford ahead of schedule. But interim boss Ralf Rangnick, instead of the 52-year-old, will oversee the match against Patrick Vieira’s well-drilled outfit. Manchester United announced last month that Ten Hag would be their new boss, with the Dutchman beating Mauricio Pochettino in order to land the role. And, after winning the Eredivisie outfit with Ajax, the 52-year-old is now excited to get started at Old Trafford as he plots a path back to the top. United still have one match left to play this season and Ten Hag is expected to attend after he opted to terminate his Ajax contract early. There’s plenty of work to do with the Red Devils, who need to win and better West Ham’s result in order to qualify for the Europa League. According to Fabrizio Romano, however, Ten Hag won’t be in charge for the match at Selhurst Park. Instead, Rangnick will oversee the match in what will be his last game as manager. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings United know that, if they win, they’ll be guaranteed to be playing in the Europa League next term. Yet if they lose, and West Ham better their result, they’ll suffer the humiliation of the UEFA Conference League. Should United end up finishing seventh, it will also be their lowest Premier League finish since the 2013/2014 season. That was when David Moyes ruled the roost, with the Red Devils picking up just 64 points from their 38 matches so far. At least that year they had a gal difference of plus 21. With just one game left to play, United are primed to finish with even worse statistics despite a summer that saw the likes of Jadon Sancho, Raphael Varane and Cristiano Ronaldo come in. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag They’ve picked up just 58 points and their goal difference is plus one. And Ten Hag knows there’s plenty of improvement required if United are to reel in the likes of Liverpool and Manchester City. United beat Palace 1-0 earlier in the season in Rangnick’s first game in charge. Fred was the unlikely winner, with the Brazilian’s fine strike securing all three points for the German. But United have never really looked comfortable with Rangnick at the helm and they now need to win in order to avoid even more humiliation. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Ten Hag, meanwhile, has opened up on his decision to leave Ajax early and start work with United. "I am switching very rapidly, yes,” he said. “But is it really necessary, because a lot of things need to be dealt with. "I have the energy to carry on after the Dutch season with a new period in Manchester. “I am looking forward to dealing with things. Of course I need to charge my batteries at some stage, but I will find time for that somewhere in between." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Ten Hag’s last game with Ajax was a 2-2 draw with Vitesse. And he opened up on his campaign with the Dutch giants by saying: "This season PSV had a really strong squad. "Ultimately we performed better and there was a difference. "We didn't get many more points than last year, so PSV just did better this season. “We had strong competition this year. That's why it gives me a very proud and satisfied feeling that we are champions."