Arsenal have reportedly had a mega offer for Napoli striker Victor Osimhen turned down as they look to get their hands on a new frontman this summer. The Gunners are desperate to bring in a forward in the coming months as Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah look likely to leave the club when their contracts expire at the end of June. Arsenal endured a miserable end to the season as they missed out on top-four Premier League finish. Mikel Arteta’s men had been in prime position to secure Champions League qualification with two matches of the season remaining, but suffered a shock loss to Newcastle last Monday as they were pipped at the post by north London rivals Tottenham. The Gunners will be drastically short of options up front if they do lose Lacazette and Nketiah and could be frantically searching for a suitable replacement. According to Calciomercato, the Gunners submitted a bid of £76million for Osimhen. But Napoli have rejected the offer and told the Gunners they want £93m for the star, who is also said to be attracting the interest of Manchester United. READ MORE: Mahrez says Liverpool 'hate' Man City, plans to add misery on Reds   Arsenal made their offer via the player’s agent Roberto Calenda earlier this year. And in April, Calenda turned up at Napoli’s training ground to speak to the club’s president Aurelio de Laurentiis and their sporting director Cristiano Giuntoli. But the Serie A team want their star man to stick around for another season following a string of impressive displays. Nigeria international Osimhen has bagged 18 goals in 32 games for Napoli this season, with four of those strikes coming during his five Europa League appearances as the Italian side reached the last 16 of the competition before being knocked out by Barcelona. DON'T MISS...Man Utd boss Ralf Rangnick's final three words as bossMan Utd star David de Gea fires shots at team-mates with transfer callTen Hag will have learned four things from Man Utd’s defeat to Palace      Osimhen, who has scored 10 goals in 18 games for his country, came through the youth system at Ultimate Strikers in his homeland, before moving to Europe with Wolfsburg at the start of 2017. He went on to enjoy a fecund spell in Belgium with Charleroi, before hitting 18 goals in 38 appearances for Lille. Arsenal will want to get their hands on a new front man as soon as possible and have been linked with Benfica prodigy Darwin Nunez, Real Sociedad star Alexander Isak, Everton ace Dominic Calvert-Lewin and Manchester City genius Gabriel Jesus. But they may now have to be careful about how much they spend after they missed out on a Champions League payday. And some potential signings could also be put off by the prospect of playing in the Europa League rather than in Europe’s top tier competition next season.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here