Leanne Hunter, 27, has been branded “lowest of the low” after she pretended to be upset at the death of her 65-year-old neighbour David Butler. But just hours later she broke into Mr Butler’s empty home to raid the property of treasured items including jewellery, food, toiletries and £200 cash. At the funeral of the avid rugby league fan on Thursday March 3, Hunter stood pretending to pay her respects as the cortege passed-by, but was secretly casing the dead man's home. At 11am the following morning she broke into the property. Her haul during the “absolutely despicable” burglary included Mr Butler’s marriage certificate and paperwork from his late wife’s Joy’s death in 2012. Devastated daughter Melanie said: “It was disgusting. We were still in the process of clearing the house out. We are still in the grieving process. "The incident has made me feel awful and mentally drained. The items that were taken have really impacted my life. She had no right to take my parents' belongings." Appearing before Hull Crown Court Hunter admitted burglary at the Hull home on March 4. Hannah Turner, prosecuting, said relatives had been in the process of sorting through Mr Butler’s property after he died two weeks earlier from heart failure during his sleep. Hunter, a drug addict, originally told police she had seen the funeral procession but “did not put two and two together”. But Miss Turner said: “It’s certain that she would have known that the deceased had passed away and the property was empty. “Beds in two bedrooms were flipped over as though she was looking for stuff.” A neighbour looked at CCTV and spotted Hunter entering the house empty-handed but leaving with a holdall of Mr Butler’s belongings. Hunter later claimed she took the items out of “curiosity”. Nick Peacock, mitigating, said Hunter did not remember a great deal about the incident because she was high on amphetamine at the time. But Judge John Thackray QC told Hunter: “You asserted that, although you saw the funeral procession, you didn’t realise that the occupier of the house that you burgled was recently deceased. “I do not accept that. It’s the inevitable inference that you knew very well that the occupier had recently died and you targeted it for that very reason. “You deliberately targeted the premises of a person you knew had recently died. All offences of dwelling house burglary are serious but this is a particularly mean offence.” Hunter was jailed for two years and four months. Outside court Melanie added: "I hoped for a longer sentence but I am happy that she is doing some time. Her crime is absolutely despicable. We are trying to mourn dad’s passing but we have had all this stress."