Boris Becker's estranged wife Lilly has hit out at the former tennis star and lifted the lid on how hard it was to tell their son that his father had been jailed. Becker, 54, was sentenced to two-and-a-half years in prison last month after being found guilty of several offences under the Insolvency Act relating to his bankruptcy in 2017. Becker, who won six Grand Slam titles over the course of his professional career, was declared bankrupt five years ago over an unpaid loan of more than £3million on his estate in Spain. He was later accused of hiding millions of pounds worth of assets, including two Wimbledon trophies, in an attempt to cover up his debts. The German started his sentence in the Category B Wandsworth Prison but has since been moved to Category C HMP Huntercombe in Oxfordshire. Speaking in an interview with the Daily Mail, Lilly showed little sympathy for his plight, and admitted telling their 12-year-old son Amadeus the bad news was one of the hardest things she has ever had to do. "Telling our son his daddy was in jail is the worst thing I've ever had to do… it's always women who have to clean up his mess," she said. "Amadeus is doing better now. He's asking questions — what will Papa be eating? Will he be able to watch films?  "So I just have to answer as best I can, but no, it is not fair that I am in this position. It is not fair that Amadeus is in this position. I don't give two s**ts what he's eating. It won't be steamed sea bass from Scott's, will it? "But I can't say that to my son, can I? This is what I mean. Boris has done this, and I am the one having to clean up the mess. It's always the women who have to clean up the mess." Meanwhile, Novak Djokovic, who Becker used to coach, has opened up on the distress he feels in seeing his former mentor behind bars. Speaking following his French Open third round tie victory over Aljaz Bedene, Djokovic admitted: “It breaks my heart to, you know, see him go through this. I don't want to go into the process or what's fair, what's not, what was done. “Just as someone that is considering Boris really as a friend and family member, really, he was always so nice to me and my family, and we had a great relationship throughout the years, particularly when we worked for three years and achieved great things in this sport. “Even when we stopped working, our relationship kept going, in a right way. I have been in touch with one of his sons, Noah, and asking if there is something that I could do, help, you know, just being there for his family members, you know, because I can't get to him. “But it's terrible. I don't know what to say. I mean, I'm just very sad that someone I know so well, and of course someone that is a legend of our sport is going through what he's going through. It's been only less than a month. We know how long he has to be there. So I just hope that he will stay healthy and strong.”