The incident took place on Friday and involved the rider cycling in the left-hand lane alongside fast travelling motors. The phone footage, which was shared on social media, shows the cyclist carrying a takeaway bag on their back with the Deliveroo logo on it. Many people have taken to social media to criticise the rider. One user said: “If someone had hit him they would've been charged, they don't care.” Another added: “Why not use the other path through the tunnel? “If they had been hurt it would be the motorist would have got the blame also it should be made compulsory for cyclists to wear helmets have lights and other safety equipment.” READ MORE: Motorhome owner has fine scrapped after council gets own rules wrong A third commenetd: “There is a perfectly good cycle path. Why this fool wouldn't use it is beyond me!” However, it was not the first time a Deliveroo rider was spotted by alarmed motorists on busy motorways and unsafe roads in Glasgow. Last July, a cyclist was captured riding their bike on the overtaking lane of M8 motorway during rush hour at Junction 16 Craighall, near Glasgow city centre. Meanwhile a fellow motorist thought they were dreaming when they spotted a cyclist pedalling over the Kingston Bridge in Glasgow amid rush hour traffic, back in January. DON'T MISS Classic car owners 'divided' over spike in electric conversions [INSIGHT] Major new driving licence change to help deal with application delays [REVEAL] Millions of drivers at risk of £1,000 fine for simple MOT mistake [SHOCKING] It appeared the cyclist may have decided to cross the Clyde by taking the on-ramp from Waterloo Street in the city centre or Newton Street after being spotted heading in the direction of the Tradeston off-ramp. The news comes after Express.co.uk readers claimed in a recent poll that cyclists should not have priority on the roads over drivers. The new Highway Code and the ability for police to fine motorists for dangerous driving around cyclists have renewed the debate over who should have priority on Britain’s roads. From January, cyclists were issued with fresh guidance in the Highway Code update to ride in the centre of a lane on quieter roads, in slower-moving traffic and at the approach to junctions to make themselves as clearly visible as possible. They were also reminded that they can ride two abreast, as has always been the case as it enables them to be safer in large groups or when riding with children. Bryn Brooker, head of road safety at Nextbase, told Express.co.uk: “All road users should follow the Highway Code, and motorists should take additional caution around more vulnerable road users, such as cyclists or pedestrians. “The new Highway Code changes, which changes the hierarchy of the road, mean the responsibility is with motorists more than ever. “They must now take extra caution when overtaking or passing vulnerable road users." In a poll that ran from 1pm on Monday, May 9, to 3pm on Wednesday, May 11, Express.co.uk asked: “Do you think cyclists should own the road or should drivers have priority?” A total of 6,264 people cast their votes and overall, 93 percent (6,042 people) said “drivers should have priority”. Meanwhile, a further six percent (363 people) said “cyclists should have priority”. Just one percent (59 people) said they did not know who should have priority. Express.co.uk has contacted Deliveroo for comment.