Weeds aren’t limited to garden plants, but it can be hard to know what to do when you find them taking over foliage-filled pots around your home. Moss, dandelions and couch grass are all known to appear in container-grown flora, but how can you keep them out for good? Express.co.uk spoke to Tom Hilton, director of indoor garden specialists, National Greenhouse and gardening and plant expert, Fiona Jenkins of MyJobQuote to find out. Weeds can be easily spread around the garden through wildlife, wind and compost, but you may be wondering how they end up indoors. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Fiona Jenkins, gardening and plant expert at MyJobQuote said: “If your plant was growing in an outdoor nursery, on display outside a shop or re-potted with compost or a container from outside, then weeds may grow. “But simply having your plant by an open door or window could be enough.” READ MORE: Houseplants to reduce hayfever symptoms - 'key' to choosing plants According to Tom Hilton, director of indoor garden specialists, National Greenhouse, the most common way for weeds to spread from pot to pot is by releasing toxins in the air around your home. Different houseplants will attract different weeds depending on the environment they're growing in, though some can be harder to remove than others. Tom said: “In general, weeds that pop up on indoor plants are basically little growths on petals and stems, which can quickly overgrow and battle with the main structure for the plant’s nutrients and water.” For this reason, it is important to remove the weeds lurking in the soil of your houseplants, and it can often be as simple as picking them out by hand. Just like garden weeds, it is important to get to the root of the unwanted growth in order to stop it from re-growing. Fiona explained that common weeds such as moss, couch grass, bugloss and dandelion can be “easily picked out” if you spot them before they take over the pot, but you will need to keep a close eye in order to be successful. A quick visual inspection when you’re watering them should do the trick. If you’re struggling to get rid of weeds by hand, don’t assume that weed killer will do the job either. Tom said: “It’s not a good idea to just pick a random weed killer, it would be more useful to just seek advice and get in touch with some specialists who would be happy to guide as they can talk about the best practices and treatments that will ensure you avoid killing the plant.” DON'T MISS:How to get rid of garden weeds with ‘zero cost’ involved [INSIGHT]Mum's ingenious method to eradicate weeds using old compost [ANALYSIS]How to kill weeds without harming grass - 4 best ways [REVEAL] Limiting the key elements which help weeds to thrive is the best way to make your houseplants inhospitable to unwanted growth. Doing this without damaging the plant itself is easier than you think, all you need is one ingredient to top the soil. Fiona said: “Weeds won’t grow if they don’t get any light, so you could top your pots with fine grit. “Most plants are fine with this, but make sure you choose washed, lime-free horticultural grit.” 