Good Morning Britain presenters Richard Madeley and Ranvir Singh were joined by Entertainment Editor Richard Arnold to discuss the current headlines in the celebrity and TV world. One major announcement was Anne Robinson's departure from the Channel 4 show, Countdown, and Madeley reminisced about her harsh persona she emulated when presenting the show. During the segment, Richard Arnold spoke about her exit and whilst the countdown clock sound played, he said: "She is the weakest link, goodbye. "The Countdown clock has started to tick on Anne Robinson's role as host on the Channel 4 show, quitting the gig just after one year. "Anne joined the quiz show last year, becoming its sixth presenter and the first female to take the role, now, after 265 episodes, Anne has decided her time is up on the series. "I have had a blast hosting this wonderful show, and I stayed longer than I signed up, for now, it is time for an older woman to take the reigns." READ MORE: Ozark showrunner addresses hopes for spin-off as fans slam ending Madeley blasted: "I have to say I think they should have called it put down with Anne, not Countdown because her trademark rudeness was on display right from the start. "I remember I tuned in, especially because I love Countdown, to watch the first episode that she did and do you know what she did? "They introduced the first contestant, who was this mild-mannered guy sitting behind the desk in a suit, and she said to him 'What do you do?' and he said 'I'm an accountant, and she said 'How very interesting for you.'" Ranvir added: "You have both been in Dictionary Corner, haven't you!" Arnold exclaimed: "Yeah, I love a bit of Dictionary Corner, I remember Anne was filming the Weakest Link in the next studio. "Our dressing rooms were at the tail of each corridor, and when Annie's door opened, all the production team lined up. "She came through, and she came up to me and squeezed my cheeks, I was terrified," he joked. Some viewers of the show found Madeley's comments about Anne being rude on the show ironic. DON'T MISS...Anne Robinson quits Countdown after a year to be with grandchildren [INSIGHT]Rachel Riley red-faced by Countdown player's rude word [LATEST]Countdown's Nick Hewer feared dead by co-stars while filming new show [WATCH] Taking to Twitter to compare the two hosts user @hooray_k commented: "#GMB #GoodMorningBritain #RichardMadeley calling out #AnneRobinson rudeness? Deluded as ever. At least her’s is intentional. Does he hear himself?" @Con_Ing855 added: "Did I just hear that right? RICHARD have to give my opinion all the time MADELEY called Anne Robinson rude... Well, blow me down." @AlanGardeningWorld5 said: "Richard, sir, I think you should take a look at yourself and how you speak to people before you judge others." However, many fans were devastated when Anne announced her departure from the Channel 4 flagship show as Charlotte Lewis said: "I didn't take to #annerobinson at first as #countdown host, but I've grown to like her in the role & I'm disappointed that she's leaving." Jon Dexter praised: "Quite sad to see #AnneRobinson has quit #Countdown she was just settling in, I felt. Floella Benjamin would be my pick as her successor." (sic) Anne expressed her departure from the show was due to wanting to spend more time with her grandchildren as she told Daily Mail: "I have had a blast, we have taken the ratings up and transformed the guests too. "We no longer have northern newsreaders in Dictionary Corner, we have had a raft of top celebrities, but I have made up my mind to quit the show. "I only signed on for a year, and I have helped them out by doing about 40 shows more than my contract. "I am moving on because I’ve got a lot going on, grandchildren, a big garden, an apartment in New York, and I want to enjoy them." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.