The best weapon you have against cancer is early detection. That's because cancerous growths become increasingly resistant to treatments the longer they are left. Unfortunately, spotting cancer early on is easier said than done because the symptoms are often vague. Fatigue exemplifies the ill-defined nature of cancer symptoms. "Fatigue means feeling very tired, exhausted and lacking energy. It can be a symptom of the cancer itself or a side effect of treatment," explains Cancer Research UK. Fatigue can have many causes and most are benign - putting in long hours at work say. However, there are some telltale signs your fatigue is cancerous. READ MORE: 'Like squishing icing on a cake': The poo change that can signal you have bowel cancer According to Cancer Research UK, "finding it hard to get up in the morning" can signal you have cancer-related fatigue. Other signs include: Macmillan Cancer Support explains: "The cancer may cause swelling in certain parts of the body, making your limbs heavier and harder to move. "You may also have a reduced number of red blood cells or changes in hormone levels, which can cause tiredness." DON'T MISSHigh cholesterol: Three smelly symptoms to spot [INSIGHTStatins: Side effects include pain in three areas of the body [TIPS]High cholesterol: Two visual clues on your face [TIPS] Fortunately, it is possible to manage fatigue. "Your healthcare team may be able to help prevent or relieve fatigue and improve your quality of life," explains Macmillan Cancer Support. The charity adds: "Cancer-related fatigue usually gets better after treatment finishes. But it may continue for months or even years. Everyone is different and there is no way to know how long fatigue may last for each person." As a general rule of thumb, it's important to be aware of any new or worrying symptoms. "Although it's unlikely to be cancer, it's important to speak to a GP so they can investigate. Finding cancer early means it's easier to treat," explains the NHS. The health body continues: "If your GP suspects cancer, they'll refer you to a specialist – usually within two weeks." It says to speak to a GP if you've noticed these changes and it's lasted for three weeks or more: The cancer backlog caused by Covid could take five years to clear, warns Macmillan Cancer Support. MacMillan Cancer Support estimates 32,000 fewer patients than expected have started their first treatment in the two years since the start of the pandemic, due to a combination of hospitals prioritising Covid, poor access to GPs and patients being reluctant to come forward. While the pace is starting to pick up, the charity estimates the current backlog will take until September 2027 to clear. The bottleneck will inevitably result in worse survival rates.