Manchester City’s dramatic defeat at the hands of Real Madrid in the Champions League semi-final saw Pep Guardiola equal Jose Mourinho’s unwanted record in the competition. City appeared to be cruising into the final before a stunning late comeback at the Bernabeu saw Real score twice late on and then again in extra-time to win 3-1 and progress 6-5 on aggregate.    In another all-time Champions League classic, Real proved themselves to be the masters of the comeback. Having somehow made it past Paris Saint-Germain and Chelsea, despite being behind for long spells in both knockout ties, Carlo Ancelotti’s team repeated the trick to even more shocking effect on Wednesday night. City were in control and comfortable for the vast majority of the second leg in Madrid and appeared to have wrapped it up when Riyad Mahrez swept into the top corner on the counter-attack in the 73rd minute to put Guardiola’s side 5-3 up on aggregate. The away side missed further chances through substitute Jack Grealish before Real mounted their smash and grab. Substitute Rodrygo was the hero, first turning home Karim Benzema’s knock-down in the 90th minute, before sending the home crowd wild with a brilliant header from Dani Carvajal’s cross a minute later to send the game to extra-time. Ruben Dias’ poor tackle on Benzema then settled it with the Real striker calmly tucking away the resulting penalty to seal their progression to face Liverpool in the Paris final on May 28.  JUST IN: Ferdinand offers out Lescott for 'blasphemy' after Man City defeat It was a scarcely believable turnaround from the hosts which carried a personal air of disappointment for Guardiola, who has failed once again to achieve City’s ultimate goal. The Catalan coach has now been dumped out of the Champions League at the semi-final stage on six occasions – the joint-most of any manager, along with Mourinho. For such a distinguished manager, his record in the competition is poor. While he has won the Champions League twice, with Barcelona in 2009 and 2011, his record since is one of failure. While he was beaten in last year’s final by Chelsea, he has generally fallen at the previous hurdle, suffering semi-final heartbreak in 2010 and 2012 with Barca and 2014, 2015 and 2016 with Bayern Munich.  DON'T MISS Luka Modric slapped by Aymeric Laporte as Madrid and Man City clash Jack Grealish screams 'f*** off' at ref as Man City final hopes fade Mohamed Salah gets wish as Real Madrid stun Man City to reach final “We were close,” Guardiola said post-match. “The players gave everything. We were so close but we couldn’t do it. In the history of football, this happens. With the people supporting them, it’s more difficult. I’ve had defeats in the Champions League, tough defeats when we could not reach the final, so there's no doubt it's hard for us. We can't deny we were so close to the Champions League final. "We didn’t play our best, but that is normal, players feel the pressure because they want to do it. Football is unpredictable, and sometimes you have to accept it. Now we need time to process it, come back home, and we have four games left.” 