Ncuti Gatwa was earlier this week confirmed by the BBC as Jodie Whittaker’s Doctor Who replacement, putting an end to speculation from fans of the hit sci-fi series. The 29-year-old actor, who is best known for his performance in Sex Education as Eric Effiong, has since taken to social media to thank the show's previous stars for their "support", revealing he's been left "speechless".  Now, Ncuti has revealed that he spoke to current and previous incarnations of the Doctor, Jodie Whittaker and David Tennant. He did so while in attendance at the Virgin Media British Academy Television Awards at the Royal Festival Hall on Sunday, where he was nominated for Male Performance in a Comedy Programme for his role as Eric in Sex Education. Taking to Instagram yesterday, Ncuti heaped praise on his predecessors as he thanked them for their advice at the event. In view of his 2.7 million followers, Ncuti penned: “The Doctor herself, Jodie Whittaker and Mr David Tennant for your beautiful words of support and encouragement on BAFTA day. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's 'main issue' pointed out by Karren Brady “I was absolutely c***ing my pants and honestly speaking to you two was priceless.” He went on: “The Doctor Who fam: Russell, all the producers and the wonderful fans have been so gracious and welcoming. I am stunned and speechless at the support.” Ncuti added a series of pictures of himself at the BAFTA event and prefaced his acknowledgement for the fellow actors by warning fans his caption would be “cringe”. He said: “There are a lot of thank you’s in this caption so please excuse the cringe. “But mans feeling hella grateful at the moment… (sic) “Thank you @bafta for continually supporting and recognising the @sexeducation family and myself. 3rd nomination in a row feels very mad.” Proud fans rushed to the post’s comments section to voice their support for Ncuti as he prepares to take on the role. Anita_1975_46 said; “No cringe. Just beautifully written. You will be an amazing doctor who! Doctor who? You! That’s who.” (sic) DON'T MISS...Kelvin Fletcher's wife Liz announces arrival of twins in sweet post [LATEST]Naga Munchetty reacts as guest says Charles could've 'sexed up' speech [INSIGHT]‘Brian May shares frustration over Taylor Hawkins death [UPDATE] Bryanuf added: “I’ve loved all the Doctors I've had the privilege to watch since I jumped in with Tennant and I know that trend will continue with you. “I can't wait to see your take on the Doctor! Congrats!!” (sic) Melyssando commented: “I’m so happy and proud of you! “I cannot find words to describe my feelings… so… welcome doctor!” On Monday, the BBC announced Ncuti’s takeover of the role in a statement released on its website. Speaking of his new venture, Ncuti said: “There aren’t quite the words to describe how I’m feeling. “A mix of deeply honoured, beyond excited and of course a little bit scared. “This role and show means so much to so many around the world, including myself, and each one of my incredibly talented predecessors has handled that unique responsibility and privilege with the utmost care. I will endeavour my utmost to do the same," he said in the statement.