The meteorological service said that parts of Wales and southwest of England would reach the low 20s on Saturday after some initial cloud and drizzle. In their forecast, the Met Office said that Sunday would be a “fine” day as would Monday and Tuesday in the south and east.  However, on Saturday morning there would initially be rain before brightening up and becoming cloudy in the evening. They said: “Early low cloud and drizzle across SE England slowly giving way to brighter skies but also a few showers. “Elsewhere, most parts dry with warm sunny spells and light winds. A few light showers developing across Scotland. “Most parts dry with clear spells. Low cloud developing across parts of England and spreading westwards through the night. Turning chilly in the northeast.”  On Sunday, the Met Office said that clouds would lift with sunshine emerging, but there is the chance of some unsettled weather in the evening. They said: “Early low cloud soon clearing to leave a fine day with warm sunny spells across most areas. “Turning windier and cloudier in the far northwest with a little rain.” Monday will be relatively dry with the chance of more unsettled weather on Tuesday and Wednesday, the Meteorological service claimed. READ MORE:Britons to soak under mini heat-wave as weather gets ‘warmer’ with 25C  They said: “Fine and dry initially for the south and east, warm in the sunshine. “Cooler, with cloud and rain for the northwest, slowly sinking southeast through Tuesday. “Showers widely on Wednesday.” Met Office forecaster Alex Deakin added that Saturday morning would be dry for many. DON'T MISS: 26C heatwave in DAYS as experts forecast 'proper summer' for 2022 [REVEAL] UK heatwave forecast: Exact date UK to bake in 25C scorcher - maps [INSIGHT] 'About time!' Temperatures ‘could go up to 72F’ this week [SPOTLIGHT]  He said: “For most it is looking dry and bright with the major exception to that will be East Anglia and the Southeast where certainly early on it's going to be fairly drab.” However, he added that it would warm up in the afternoon, particularly compared to Friday. He said: “We are going to see a bit of a switch around compared to Friday. “Replaced with temperatures in the mid to high teens. It’s further west we’ll see the highest temperatures with particularly Wales and southwest England up until the 20s.” Mr Deakin added that Saturday evening and Sunday would be dry for most. He said: “Most places are going to be dry with the odd shower in northwest England and southwest Scotland. “For most Sunday is dry and bright, probably drier for East Anglia and the southeast. Again there will be some areas of cloud particularly the northwest.” 