Michael Le Vell has confirmed his Coronation Street co-star Charlie de Melo, who portrays Imran Habeeb, has quit the role after five years on the cobbles. Michael, who has been on the ITV soap since 1983, also revealed Charlie was no longer in the cast during an interview on Friday's instalment This Morning with Alison Hammond and Craig Doyle. The actor confirmed the news while he discussed the explosive week which is about to unfold on Coronation Street. He told ITV hosts Alison and Craig: "There's a quite intense week coming up, mainly for Abi [Franklin] and Imran Habeeb, which we found out is not that easy to say."Can you imagine saying that on a daily basis? "I'm glad Charlie has left now and I don't have to say Habeeb anymore." READ MORE: BBC star in bias row after false claim over death of cleaner The news comes after Georgia Taylor, who plays Imran's partner Toyah Battersby, recently announced Charlie's departure. However, Coronation Street bosses and Charlie have not officially announced the character's exit yet. The actress told Express.co.uk and other media she was "heartbroken" about Charlie's exit. She added: "You know what it's like I absolutely adore him, he has been a dream, and we have been together on the show on and off for three and a half years. "But I'd say the last year since we did all the stuff with Seb's trial where Kelly was on trial for murder, we have been pretty consistently busy, and most of our stuff has been together. "It has just been a joy, he is so funny we laugh a lot, but he is one of the most supportive people I have ever worked with." Georgia went on to explain how supportive Charlie has been as a colleague and revealed he's still texting her to see how her scenes are panning out. She continued: "And I mean, look at him, there [are] no complaints there either, he is beautiful, but I am so excited to see what he does next. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Rivals Nicky and Daisy form unlikely romance [EXCLUSIVE]Coronation Street theory: Frank Bardsley's identity rumbled  [THEORY]Coronation Street theory: Claudia Colby returns in Ken romance twist [SPOILER] "I just think the opportunities are going to be endless for him he is going to fly," she gushed. Her comments come in the wake of whispers in March that Imran had "quit" his soap role, with him since featuring in dark storylines. Coronation Street fans will know Toyah and Imran have been experiencing a stressful few weeks together as they adjust to life as a married couple with a newborn baby. Toyah remains unaware of the web of lies Imran has told the police as he and Abi Franklin (played by Sally Carman) battle it out to fight for sole custody of their son. With Imran set to leave the cobbles, Toyah will have a massive decision to make about how involved she wishes to be in Abi's life. How will Toyah cope when she learns the truth about how Imran has been pulling all of the strings regarding the bitter custody case? Speaking about how Toyah is feeling, Georgia added: "I think for Toyah, some sort of shared custody would be the perfect outcome." Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.