Novak Djokovic has shared his “biggest goal” for the 2022 season after advancing to the French Open quarter-final, and admitted Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer affected how much harder it was for him to stay on top. The Serb compared maintaining his world No 1 spot in the rankings to “Mount Everest” thanks to his two biggest rivals. Djokovic is through to the quarter-final in his first Grand Slam tournament of the season, having been unable to play January’s Australian Open when he was deported on the eve of the event. He now faces Nadal for the 59th time in his career in a rematch of last year’s semi-final, when he defeated the 13-time French Open champion in four sets. But he has admitted that his biggest goal of the season has nothing to do with the Majors despite Nadal breaking the all-time record for most male singles Grand Slam titles in Australia this year, and instead is hoping to hold onto his world No 1 ranking for a long as possible, saying the Big Three era made the top spot feel even sweeter. “Being No 1 was always the highest goal coming into the season,” he said after beating Diego Schwartzman on Sunday. “Success is even bigger by playing in the era with Federer and Nadal.” JUST IN: Nadal bleeding after suffering Raducanu-esque tumble at French Open   While Djokovic admitted it was even more satisfying to sit at the top of tennis while still contending with his long-time rivals, he also admitted they made it even harder to maintain his world No 1 spot, as he now sits just seven weeks away from overtaking Steffi Graf’s all time weeks at the top, with the German holding a total of 377 to Djokovic’s 371. “In order to be the No 1, you need to play well every point, be consistent and defend points, feel that pressure over and over again,” he explained. “It’s Mount Everest in tennis, particularly in this generation.” DON'T MISSNadal's uncle wants own star to lose at French Open as he snubs boxesRaducanu shares 'first steps' on grass court ahead of Wimbledon returnMurray shares Wimbledon dragon look as he learns first grass opponent    The Serb also had some more light-hearted words about himself and his Big Three rivals after being asked what instruments he thought each of them would be. “Roger is a violin, everyone would choose that,” he said of the Swiss star. “For Nadal, I would choose something energetic, an electric guitar or a drum. And for myself, some ensemble, a combination of everything a bit. An orchestra, then. Or a saxophone that is adaptable to any type of music,” he told SportKlub.