Guitarist Steve Jones and the Sex Pistols have returned to the public eye once more amid hype around a new television series by Danny Boyle called Pistol. The six-part series, which goes public tomorrow (31st May) and will be available on Disney+, is about the iconic Brit punk band and wider punk culture. But not everyone knows that Steve Jones, who will be played by Toby Wallace, has been recovering from a heart attack he suffered the other year, just weeks after being diagnosed with a condition called Bell's Palsy.  The guitarist worried he was having a stroke in August 2019 as his face started to change. Recounting the events, he told the radio show Jonesy’s Jukebox: “I’m out in Malibu with my buddy, Richard.” “All of a sudden my face started feeling all wonky. “We called a paramedic and went to St John's hospital and did all the checks, kept me there overnight." READ MORE: 'Nothing to do with monkeys!' Four misconceptions about monkeypox as WHO mulls containment  He was diagnosed with Bell’s palsy, a muscle condition that causes temporary paralysis. Jones admitted he had “no idea” what the condition was but that when he smiled he “looked like Popeye”. But the worst was yet to come. Just three weeks after developing a droopy face, he woke up in the middle of the night with a much more serious condition. The Sex Pistols guitarist was arisen by chest pain and drove himself to a hospital in Los Angeles.  DON'T MISSBacteria found in showerheads can cause pneumonia - are you at risk? [ADVICE]Three vitamin supplements linked to an increased risk of cancer [INSIGHT]Do you squat over the toilet? Doctor issues warning over habit [TIPS]  He was given emergency heart surgery for a heart attack he had suffered. Heart attacks are caused when the supply of the blood is suddenly blocked. They are mainly linked to coronary heart disease where cholesterol and other substances, called a plaque, build up in the arteries leading to the heart. The star made it out of the surgery but his recovery was “a bit of a nightmare”, he said. During the show, he said: “I'm on eight [or] nine medications.   “And I'm getting real weird reactions, dizzy and just out of my mind." Typically, people who suffer from a heart attack will be given medicines to help prevent a blood clot. Medicine is often used to reduce the risk of a future heart attack as there is an increased risk of the condition recurring if you’ve already had a heart attack.   According to the NHS, a low-dose of aspiring is “usually recommended”. This medication works to thin out the blood. A heart attack is a serious medical emergency, and you should call 999 if you experience any of the following symptoms, which are listed on the NHS website: 