Liverpool icon Jose Enrique has hit back at Richarlison after the Everton star mocked the Reds for their Champions League final defeat. Jurgen Klopp's side were beaten by Real Madrid on Saturday evening to lose out on their third trophy of the season. Minutes after the final whistle, Richarlison posted a picture on Twitter showing a photoshopped version of himself driving a bus, a reference to some Liverpool fans being left stranded when their coach did not turn up. Richarlison's mocking left Enrique fuming, with the former defender firing back at the Toffees star. “Richarlison should look at himself. His team was nearly relegated and Everton spent even more than Liverpool in transfer fees. I believe he should look at his team and I see him and Gary Neville riling up fans," he told Genting Casino. “I know Gary Neville does it with Jamie Carragher and I know he’s a legend for Man United, but Richarlison getting involved when he didn’t have the best season in the world, he should be worrying more about himself. He’s not clever for getting involved.” READ MORE: Liverpool and Real Madrid players score 3/10 in French media's ratings Liverpool were left desperately disappointed following Saturday's final, having dominated much of the game. But they failed to find a way past Thibaut Courtois, who put in a man of the match display to secure a clean sheet for Madrid. The Reds had 24 shots in total, but were unable to score any of them against a stout Los Blancos defence. They were made to pay for that failure to take their chances just before the hour mark. DON'T MISS: Real Madrid's Thibaut Courtois sends classy message to Liverpool fans (NEWS)Ancelotti’s brilliant speech to Perez emerges after Real win UCL (INSIGHT)Sadio Mane has three new reasons to stay at Liverpool after UCL defeat (ANALYSIS) Madrid broke forward, with Trent Alexander-Arnold failing to track the run of Vinicius at the back post. That allowed the Brazilian to have a simple finish to put Carlo Ancelotti's men ahead. It was a lead they would not relinquish, despite Liverpool stepping up the pressure. Richarlison delighted in mocking his team's fiercest rivals, having become something of a pantomime villian during the Merseyside Derbies of recent seasons.