Salmo stars, produces and serves as music supervisor in Sky’s first in-house Italian production, the epic crime drama Blocco 181. Despite his hand in the show’s soundtrack and his history as one of Europe’s most influential rappers, Salmo revealed he didn’t produce his own music for the show when he spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk. Fans of the Italian rapper unfortunately won’t be hearing any new tracks if they tune in to his acting debut for Blocco 181. The musician and record producer stars as Snake, the right-hand man to Lorenzo (Alessandro Tedeschi), a drug dealer who rules a corner of Milan with an iron fist. However, in order to completely immerse himself in his first acting role, Maurizio completely distanced himself from his established stage persona as Salmo. “Well, basically, I wanted my music not to be there,” he told Express.co.uk. READ MORE: Madeley confronts Sadiq Khan with furious viewers over partygate “And, therefore, I decided to eliminate Salmo for me. I didn’t want the series to be about Salmo’s music.” While the series does heavily feature a pulsing hip-hop soundtrack, Salmo/Maurizio’s tracks and vocals won’t be heard throughout the eight-episode first season. In his role as music supervisor, he explained: “I decided to put my music knowledge, and my music skills, at their disposal. “In the next episodes, you will not hear any music from me. So, no Salmo.” The Italian star revealed he didn’t want to be recognised solely for his rap background when he launched his new career path as a television actor. “I tried because I needed to get out of the saturated world of rap where I’m famous,” he continued. “One of the first things was to destroy myself and to get out of my ego.” To do so, Salmo introduced himself first as Maurizio to ensure the cast knew him first and foremost as a co-star. DON'T MISS:Better Call Saul’s Patrick Fabian on ‘emotional’ Howard exit [INSIGHT]The Last Kingdom star recalls bizarre advice from Alexander Dreymon [INTERVIEW]The Blacklist fans demand Dembe return after Red reunion [REACTION] Express.co.uk also managed to speak to series leads Laura Osma, Alessandro Piavani and Andrea Dodero, who revealed Salmo had to be much more collaborative than he’s used to. Andra said: “Usually, he’s used to working with himself as Salmo, so he decides everything for himself. “But [television] is different, you have to work as part of a whole. He got along very well with the rest of the crew.” Laura added: “It was very interesting to work with him… he was driven and he wanted to learn a lot because he wanted to try a new perspective.” “I had some conversations with him, and he was always looking and exploring, and trying to find something about his character. He did very well.” “He came on set having left the character of Salmo behind,” Alessandro explained. “And that was really helpful for making us all feel at ease to work with him. He introduced himself to us as Maurizio, his real name, so he was already establishing a good relationship with us.” Salmo himself added he’s now eager to move into directing after landing his first acting gig, though his stellar performance in the series could mean his fans will start seeing him in front of the camera more often in the future. Blocco 181 premieres on Sky Atlantic and will be available to stream on NOW on June 22.