The star first made controversial comments about his cancer in a 2013 interview. During which he was reported saying that he did not regret his years of heavy smoking and drinking because “this particular type of cancer is caused by HPV [human papillomavirus], which actually comes about from cunnilingus." After public outcry, Douglas’ publicist later released a statement correcting the actor's frank remarks saying that the star “did not blame HPV solely for his cancer.” According to the current NHS website, HPV can infect the mouth and throat, putting individuals at risk of oropharyngeal cancer (a cancer that affects the back of the throat and base of the tongue). The medical website lists HPV as one of the risks of cancer, along with smoking and drinking. Due to Douglas’ experience it remains important for individuals to be aware of the first signs and symptoms of oral cancer, particularly tongue cancer. Following months of oral discomfort, Douglas was diagnosed with stage four cancer back in 2010 after multiple specialists had missed the “walnut-sized tumour” at the base of his tongue. Typically individuals diagnosed with this stage of cancer have a terminal illness, but luckily for Douglas, an intensive eight-week course of chemotherapy and radiation therapy helped to clear him of the disease completely. During the process, on a liquids-only diet, the award winning actor also lost 45Ibs. At the time he said: “That's a rough ride. That can really take it out of you. Plus the amount of chemo I was getting, it zaps all the good stuff too. It made me very weak. “I was just happy to be alive. I was ecstatic,” he added. “It feels like a rebirth after you go through cancer and you come out of it. You feel like you’re a child.  READ MORE: Covid: Three most common symptoms 'lingering' months after initial infection - new study  Typically, the first signs of tongue cancer include a lump or spot on the tongue that fails to go away. But other common symptoms can include: If you or someone you know experiences any of the above signs, it is important to contact your GP or a medical professional, who will be able to complete the correct tests and determine whether it is tongue cancer or not. If a tumour is at the base of the tongue, it may be difficult to see in the early stages, so it is often diagnosed when the tumour has grown. Oral tongue cancer can affect the teeth, or bleed when brushing or eating, so is more easily diagnosed. Mahesh Kumar, a consultant head and neck surgeon in London, revealed that in the past there has been a dramatic rise in this form of cancer, particularly among younger individuals. This is supported by recent studies of 1,316 patients with oral cancer, 57 percent of which were HPV-16 positive.  Kumar said: "It has been established beyond reasonable doubt that the HPV type 16 is the causative agent in oropharyngeal cancer.” However, the consultant also went on to say that there are dramatically increased recovery rates for this type of cancer. Explaining why Douglas was given an 80 percent chance of survival, despite the advanced stage of his illness. Once diagnosed, common treatments for tongue cancer include surgery, radiation therapy and chemotherapy. For oral tongue cancer, surgery can be used to treat not only a small tumour but larger ones too. If the cancer has spread to lymph nodes in the neck, more affected tissue will need to be surgically removed. This can sometimes affect an individual's ability to speak or swallow, so reconstructive surgery may also be required for patients.  Radiation therapy and chemotherapy are both used to kill cancer cells and stop them from dividing. This slows the growth of the tumour and can sometimes eliminate them completely. Individuals will typically need five to six weeks of daily treatments. For more advanced types of tongue cancer, chemotherapy is used to slow the growth of the tumour and control symptoms that cannot be cured completely. However, this can cause numerous side effects, including feeling sick, fatigue, hair loss and brain fog. Although first developed to protect against cervical and other cancers of the reproductive system, the HPV vaccine can help to protect against oropharyngeal cancers. Therefore, the vaccine is recommended for 11 to 12-year-olds up to the age of 26, if not already vaccinated. It is important to note that HPV vaccination prevents new HPV infections, but does not treat existing infections or diseases. 