Tulips provide spring flowers in gorgeous colours and flower shapes. They are popular amongst gardeners because they can be grown in borders, rock gardens and containers before summer flowers appear. However, they can also suffer a fungal problem known as tulip fire. Gardening expert Monty Don explained what to do if gardeners spot the same issue. Monty Don said: “We have, just in the last couple of days, come across a problem. “It’s to do with the tulips. “Although these are going over, these have blotches which then reduces the petals to a soggy mass. “This pot here looks as though it’s been scorched, and what it has is tulip fire. READ MORE: How to get rid of snails from your garden - 6 easy and natural methods “It’s a fungal problem.” Tulip fire is caused by the fungus known as Botrytis tulip and it is common in the UK. As well as soggy leaves, distorted or twisted leaves may also appear soon after emergence from the soil. They may wither or fail to develop too. DON'T MISS:Protect your garden from slugs using fruit - acts as a ‘trap’ [COMMENT]Cheap ‘hack’ to deep clean your dishwasher - will ‘break down’ dirt [EXPLAINER]Homes Under the Hammer buyer boosts house value by £120k [VIDEO] The Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) said another symptom is a fuzzy grey mould growing over the dead areas in damp conditions. Monty added: “It only affects tulips, so first thing I’d say is it’s not going to spread to anything else. “What I’ll do is take all the petals of these, burn them and then I won’t replant these bulbs. “Of course the soil is perfectly ok to put on the vegetable garden or to use for anything else but not to be kept for tulips next year.” The RHS said gardeners should not plant tulips for at least three years in sites where tulip fire has occurred. They added: “If a contaminated site must be replanted, dig the ground deeply to try and bury the contaminated upper layers deep enough to be below planting depth. There are currently no chemical controls available to home gardeners for use against tulip fire. To grow tulips, Monty recently urged gardeners to keep them inside until they show any sign of growth. He said he had “learnt the hard way”. He explained: “This is the last of the tulip pots. “I have been keeping them under cover all winter because I've learnt the hard way. “If I leave them outside all winter and it's really wet, the pots get saturated. “That's bad for the tulip bulbs because tulips like really good drainage. “And also bad for the pot because you get the compost saturated with water, and then if it freezes hard, it expands and that's what breaks the pots. “So I keep them under the cover.” Tulip bulbs can also be kept in unheated greenhouses over the winter. Monty said as soon as tulip bulbs start to show new growth, they should be put outside. He added: “As soon as I start to see the new growth, bring them outside, they can get light, they can get whatever rain we have, and we should be seeing the first tulip flowering here in about a month's time.”