Real Madrid have reportedly made an enquiry over signing Leicester star Caglar Soyuncu. Chelsea are also claimed to have shown an interest in signing the Turkey international. Chelsea are set to be in desperate need of new defenders this summer. Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen are already confirmed to be leaving at the end of their contracts, and Cesar Azpilicueta could also be on his way. Rudiger has agreed to join Real on a free transfer. However, Spanish outlet AS says the La Liga giants also want to sign centre-back Soyuncu. The club's former striker Emilio Butragueno is claimed to have instructed Real to sign Soyuncu. Chelsea are also named as a team who 'intend to sign' the centre-back this summer, along with Manchester City and Juventus. READ MORE: Real Madrid backed to make 'statement' Mo Salah signing in 'no-brainer' Liverpool transfer  Barcelona and Atletico Madrid are also said to have an interest in the 26-year-old. But it's the interest of Real that could frustrate Chelsea. Not only are they losing their best centre-back to Real, they could also miss out on Soyuncu to the Bernabeu club. Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel admitted earlier this month the uncertainty over the club's ownership could mean they are behind other teams in pursuit of summer targets. Tuchel said: “We have an idea, but unfortunately, the guys don’t know that we have an idea, nor do the club. We have ideas, but we also need to find out what the ideas of the new owners are. "This is also a key point, and from there, we go. Normally, at this time of the season, you are contacting players, you are out, you get a feeling, a read, you have discussions, you have dialogue, you have feedback, you know who is committed, you find your targets, you sign your players, and you go from there to the next step. DON'T MISSLiverpool have Thiago injury 'belief' but one player already confirmed to miss Real Madrid [REPORT]Four experienced players Tottenham could sign as Conte demands change in policy [TRANSFERS]Pau Torres' agents 'will travel to Manchester this week' to negotiate Man Utd transfer [GOSSIP]  "Because we didn’t have this step, this is where we are. Everybody else is driving from the start, and you are still not finding the right gear to get your kickstart." Soyuncu had a fine start to his Leicester career after joining in 2018. His stock has fallen in recent seasons, with injury problems often disrupting his form. However, it appears there is still plenty of interest in his signature. Soyuncu made 28 Premier League appearances for Leicester this season and was also a key part of their run to the Europa Conference League semi-final. Brendan Rodgers' side finished eighth in the top flight following their final day win over Southampton on Sunday.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here