In a speech endorsing calls for a treaty change to further strengthen the EU's federal integration, the French President said the EU could not be the bloc's only organising body. Macron suggested creating a parallel entity that could appeal to either countries seeking membership of the bloc or countries that had left - in an apparent reference to the UK. He said: "This new political organisation would allow democratic European nations that adhere to our core values to find a new space of political cooperation, of security, of cooperation in terms of energy, of transport. "To join it would not necessarily prejudge of any future membership of the European Union, just as it would not be closed to those which have left the latter." The new organisation would allow Ukraine and other countries that aspire to join the EU to be part of a political Europe more quickly, the French president suggested. Kyiv began applying for membership in February, four days after Vladimir Putin ordered his troops to invade. The process can normally take years and time is certainly not on Ukraine's side. Macron said: "We all know perfectly well that the process to allow [Ukraine] to join would take several years indeed, probably several decades.  "That is the truth, unless we decide to lower the standards for accession. And rethink the unity of our Europe." He made his remarks at a ceremony on Europe Day, commemorating the anniversary of the 1950 Schuman Declaration, which paved the way for today’s European Union. The ceremony was also held to mark the conclusion of the Conference on the Future of Europe, a year-long forum to debate reforms to the EU. He made his remarks at a ceremony on Europe Day, commemorating the anniversary of the 1950 Schuman Declaration, which paved the way for today’s European Union. The ceremony was also held to mark the conclusion of the Conference on the Future of Europe, a year-long forum to debate reforms to the EU. READ MORE: Macron caves as EU poised to offer Britain major post-Brexit role The proposal received mixed reviews on social media, with some calling the French president "delusional". One said: "The idea that the UK is going to tag along and play second fiddle in Macron’s fanciful new European Community is humorous. "The French President’s delusions of grandeur have not abated, but apparently only increased. "Wonder how this will be received in Berlin?" DON'T MISS EU ‘very nervous’ Macron could appoint Eurosceptic Mélenchon PM [NEWS]Macron finally speaks to Boris after snubbing UK for Putin and US [SPOTLIGHT]Why is Emmanuel Macron's Berlin visit bad for Boris? [ANALYSIS] While another wrote: "Macron adds to the views of other EU country leaders (ie not von der Leyen!) that Ukraine will not be an EU member for many years. "But he wants a “European political community”. "The EU is so successful & attractive … as it slides into suicidal recession."