The 66-year-old, known by his stage name Johnny Rotten, was the lead singer of the 1970s punk band, The Sex Pistols. He appeared on This Morning on Monday to discuss his opposition to the six-part series detailing the band's rise and fall, which has reportedly been produced without his involvement. While explaining his frustrations, the singer-songwriter claimed he had to stop Netflix's The Crown from including a scene that "never happened". John has been vocal about his criticisms of the new biopic based on the band, which he claims is inaccurate. He also blasted the series for not including him in its creation. While chatting to Alison Hammond and Dermot O'Leary, he added: "And it was a situation prior to this, I had a very serious confrontation with the band. "It was over a series called The Crown and in that, again as per usual, we asked to see the script. READ MORE: Lucy Pargeter age: How old is Emmerdale's Chas Dingle star? "And The Crown were good enough to supply the script, but the script was all about riots and people throwing bricks and stones and bottles at the Queen in her carriage at the jubilee." He argued: "That never happened, okay? "The only people who protested against royalty was the Sex Pistols on our famous boat trip. "And so they're denying an actual Sex Pistol legend and so I said no to that. "And they held that kind of in reserve, so I think the plot elaborates from that." The singer claimed he was denied access to the script of the upcoming series about the band. "So you didn't get a script or anything?" Alison probed. "Nothing," he replied. "Still to this day, I don't have a clue what they're doing here. DON'T MISS... Flog It’s Paul Martin pays tribute to new co-star ‘best presenter' [VIDEO]The Repair Shop star reflects on one of 'most emotional' moments [LATEST]Liverpool MP recalls horror of 'police brutality: 'Begging security' [VIDEO] "Of course, I'm upset with that - I'm the man what wrote these songs, right? "I gave them their image. I gave them everything. And they've done this rather snidey piece of work behind my back." His former bandmate Steve Jones has spoken out against John's claims. "I ain't got time for all that c**p anymore," he remarked. Speaking to The Sun, he added: "You've just got to grow up and move on. "The show is about me, it ain't about John, even though he is obviously a big part of it." Steve also insisted the series is based on his memoir Lonely Boy: Tales From A Sex Pistol. This Morning airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.