The star has been acting since the mid-1970s when he appeared multiple times on television. Since then he landed his breakthrough role in Cheers and has gone on to win numerous awards for his craft. Yet like many as they get older, Danson struggled with hearing loss. The NHS explains that hearing loss gradually occurs over time as loud noises cause damage to the thousands of tiny hairs that help translate sound vibrations into electrical signals. Once damaged, electrical signals that are transmitted to your brain and turned into sound are not produced properly, making it difficult for people to hear others. Although Danson did not go into detail about how he lost his hearing, the star did explain how having hearing aids have “changed [his] life”. Talking on The Kelly Clarkson Show he said: “I love my hearing aids. They're brilliant. “They have changed my life. [I can now hear] all the breaking wind that I used to think was silent. Mary [Steenburgen] would say 'Ted! People can hear you!' and I would say 'Oh come on, they can't hear me, of course not!' “But the first time I had them in and I went off I said 'Oh my God, I'm so sorry!'" Although hearing aids cannot cure hearing loss completely, they are able to make sounds louder and clearer. In fact, the NHS lists the numerous benefits hearing aids can have:  READ MORE: Covid: Three most common symptoms 'lingering' months after initial infection - new study  Other types of hearing aid available include the following: Approximately one in three people between the ages of 65 and 74 have some degree of hearing loss, with nearly half over the age of 75. This can be an extremely daunting prospect, and most will ignore symptoms until they are too severe. The National Institute on Ageing (NIH) explains that older people who cannot hear others usually become depressed or withdrawn as they feel frustrated about not understanding what is being said. It is possible that older people are mistakenly thought to be confused, unresponsive, or uncooperative because they don’t hear well.  It is for this reason that hearing loss should be diagnosed as quickly as possible before it gets worse. Noticing the first signs and symptoms of hearing loss is important and usually the first step in getting extra support and medical help. The NIH recommends that individuals should seek help from their GP if they: Hearing loss is not as simple as it sounds. In fact, it comes in many forms. Ranging from mild hearing loss to total hearing loss, some individuals may only struggle to hear high-pitched sounds such as doorbells and alarms. There are two general categories of hearing loss known as sensorineural and conductive. The first, sensorineural hearing loss, occurs when there is damage to the inner ear or the auditory nerve, it is typically permanent. Whereas the second, conductive hearing loss, occurs when sound waves cannot reach the inner ear.  A build-up of earwax, fluid, or a punctured eardrum are all possible causes of conductive hearing loss and with the help of medical treatment or surgery hearing can usually be restored. Hearing loss associated with ageing is known as presbycusis and generally seems to run in families because of changes to the inner ear or auditory nerve. Age-related hearing loss usually affects both ears equally but happens over an extended period of time. Someone with presbycusis may not realise that they have lost some of his or her ability to hear. This differs from conditions such as tinnitus which is often described as a ringing, roaring, clicking or hissing in the ears that is not being made by the outside world. Tinnitus can accompany any type of hearing loss and might be a sign of other health problems, such as high blood pressure, allergies, or as a side effect of medications. 