BBC One's latest comedy show, Here We Go, follows a year in the life of the irrepressible Jessops as they navigate their way through everyday family life and the challenges it throws out. Mum Rachel (played by Katherine Parkinson) attempts to keep the family organised whilst juggling her job, as husband Paul (Jim Howick) tries to keep his Olympic career alive. The family's eldest child Amy (Freya Parks) battles with the issues of being a teenager living at home, whilst the youngest, Sam (Jude Morgan-Collie), films the mayhem. Alison Steadman, who plays Paul's mum Sue, opened up about filming the series and admitted the "odd" technique she had to get used to whilst filming. Alison's character, Sue Jessop, is the warm and loving mother who gets herself involved in the family's life wherever she can. She is described by Alison as a "nutter", who often speaks her mind without thinking, no matter who she might offend. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk and other press, she also opened up about the filming process and detailed how weird it was for her to look into the camera lens. Touching on the long takes during scenes, Alison revealed: "I enjoyed the filming 100 per cent, but I have to say I did find the long takes exhausting. READ MORE: Emmerdale star opens up on exit from ITV soap "It was a bit odd and weird because right from the beginning of my career, I have been told, right from the start, do not catch the lens, do not look into the lens. "And suddenly I had to look into the lens, and that felt really odd at first, I got used to it in the end, and having to say the odd line into the lens was really weird. "But it was good fun, despite the long takes, but it was a fun way to do it, and I really enjoyed it," she admitted. Writer Tom Basden, who stars as Rachel's brother Robin also spoke about the filming process and admitted it felt "freeing" to use long takes and play around with time. "I think the structure is really freeing, that's the main thing that I found, episode one is set across six months, and you can pay off longer running stories. "In episode two, it's three weeks, and then six weeks and that way, you can take your pick at the stories you want to tell and how you tell them. "I wanted to get the sense that Sam had made the show and had filmed his family for a year and then edited, highlighted, and packaged together in order to tell certain stories. Episode one aired on Friday, April 29 and saw the family try their best to plan a trip to Jungle World after Rachel was gifted with a Wowcher coupon from Paul. DON'T MISS...Alison Steadman admits to 'getting old' whilst filming for comedy [INSIGHT]Alison Steadman hits out at 'woke' backlash over Gavin and Stacey [LATEST]Here We go star Jim Howick praises co-stars whilst filming  [WATCH] "I think the structure is really freeing, that's the main thing that I found, episode one is set across six months, and you can pay off longer running stories. "In episode two, it's three weeks, and then six weeks and that way, you can take your pick at the stories you want to tell and how you tell them. "I wanted to get the sense that Sam had made the show and had filmed his family for a year and then edited, highlighted, and packaged together in order to tell certain stories. Episode one aired on Friday, April 29 and saw the family try their best to plan a trip to Jungle World after Rachel was gifted with a Wowcher coupon from Paul. "When Rachel’s attempts to butter up her old schoolmate go awry, it’s down to Paul to salvage some family dignity at a local school sports day. "He has offered to give out the prizes to promote his YouTube channel, shortly after his new fitness drive has pushed his body to the limit." BBC Three originally aired a pilot episode in 2020, which saw the family's disastrous attempt to carve out a holiday in the midst of the pandemic. Here We Go airs Friday from 8:30pm on BBC One.