Emmy-winning series Ozark is now at an end with some major players taken out at the very last minute. Among those to die was Ruth Langmore (played by Julia Garner), who almost made it to the end until the truth of deceased Navarro Cartel boss Javi Elizonndro (Alfonso Herrera) came to light. Ruth was gunned down by Javi’s mother Camila (Veronica Falcón), who wanted revenge for her son’s death. The Langmore expressed no remorse in shooting Javi dead, saying he deserved it for slaying others. Camila considered Ruth’s words carefully before shooting her at point-blank range. Ruth’s death seemed inevitable in the brutal eye for an eye world of Ozark with some fans likely to be wondering why she killed Javi in the first place, knowing it would come back to haunt her. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Cade Langmore actor Trevor Long reflected on Ruth’s motivations, saying it stemmed from “pain”. He said: “She was doing it out of love and pain for the loss of Wyatt and all the other s***. The loss of her father and it’s all connected. I thought it was good she did it as a character and it makes for good drama, obviously.” READ MORE: Ozark: How did Nelson star feel about his death scene? Long went on to explain how Wyatt Langmore’s (Charlie Tahan) cold-blooded murder committed by Javi was the final straw for her. He said: “I feel like that turning point [killing Javi] is she is really taking matter into her own hands. She’s no longer taking orders from Marty. She’s no longer trying to negotiate with Darlene. She’s full-on making her own decisions and path in a very clear way. It’s a strength in a dark way. “I think she changes, for sure. I think that’s it, ‘I’m my own woman and I’m going to do what needs to be done.’ I think it’s a very powerful change.” He said Ruth may have “made peace with death” after murdering Javi because she was aware of the dangers and consequences such a move would mean. The American actor also praised the writers for featuring a scene where Ruth shot Javi dead in the trailer for season four, part two, saying it was smart. The move was something of a double feint with viewers not expecting the cartel head to actually die after Ruth’s dream about pulling the trigger before then doing it for real. Long revealed co-star Garner told him about Ruth’s death herself and it had left him “shocked”, knowing she wouldn’t be the last woman standing. Cade was killed off back in season two after the Byrdes perceived him as a liability to their operations, but he made a return in one of Ruth’s daydreams along with the other Langmores. Long went back to twice to film on the show and said it was “great” to come back as a flashback. “We had to shoot the scene twice because of how they were going to edit it with the disappearing [trailers] when it’s all gone. So we shot it with the trailers and then we shot it when they removed the trailers. Everything’s decimated and gone.” How did he feel retuning to Ozark? Long said: “We got to see everyone. It was just amazing to go back and see everyone and feel like we never left. It felt like rock stars, like the Rolling Stones. “It was pretty cool. Everyone loves the Langmores. It was emotional when we finished finished.” DON'T MISS...Antiques Road Trip’s Natasha Raskin Sharp on how she nearly lost role [INTERIVEW]'It was a lie!' Susanna Reid skewers Wes Streeting over Angela Rayner [VIDEO]Coronation Street theory: Tim Metcalfe gets devastating health update [INSIGHT] On the atmosphere on set, Long said: “It was an exciting energy. Even on the day we shot, it was very upbeat and very uplifted and then it was sad when we were done. There were a lot of tears and emotion.” He added: “I’m sure it was very emotional for them [the main cast] towards the end shooting it. It was still a very positive, light energy.” Since leaving Ozark he has starred in Bull, FBI: Most Wanted, Dopesick and Law & Order: Special Victims Unit. Long is now busy auditioning for other projects and according to IMDb will next be appearing in Lola James, which is in post-production. Ozark is streaming on Netflix now