Emma Raducanu's “strange” coaching set-up does not allow her priority over British doubles players to get time with LTA coach Louis Cayer. Following her second-round defeat at the French Open, John McEnroe claimed the “revolving door of coaches” since the British No 1 won the US Open has hindered her career. The Bromley teenager split with Nigel Sears following Wimbledon and Andrew Richardson after her New York win. She then dispensed with German Torben Beltz before the clay-court season. Since the Madrid Open, the world No 12 has been getting support from LTA coaches Cayer and Iain Bates. Canadian Cayer is widely regarded as the best doubles coach in the world with a deep technical knowledge of the game. But world doubles No 1 Joe Salisbury, who is seeking a third Grand Slam title at the French Open along with American partner Rajeev Ram, said: “Louis has said the doubles guys are still his priority so whether that changes at all we’ll see. It’s a bit of a strange situation that he has got on with Emma at the moment where he’s helping her out but not really her coach, which I guess is the same as what he does for us. “But we can have other coaches travelling with us but it’s a lot of players to manage and he’s not always going to be able to be at all the practices and matches. I can’t speak for her whether she will be happy.” Neal Skupski, who reached the third round on Thursday along with Dutch partner Wesley Koolhof, added: “I think Louis is trying to balance it all. He told us at the very start when it happened, the doubles guys will get priority. “So normally, with Louis, there's a priority like done on ranking. So if someone has a practice, Joe is No 1 at the moment. So he'll get the first time for Louis. And then if he's at nine o'clock, then I'll try and go at 10 or 11. “So we're not at the same time and then it'll be the next person in line in the rankings. And then Emma's next.. So I mean, it's been working out. There's been no trouble at the moment.” Liverpool fan Skupski added: “He's very good technically. You'll wake up at like 7am and you've already got something like an email or something on your phone of footage from the previous match. I don't know what he's like with singles. “I don't know how much input he has with Emma. I haven't seen him on the court with her, seen what he's actually doing. I think he's in like an advisor role, I'm sure he'll try and put his stamp on Emma's game in some way. And I'm sure he'll be a success.”