Kate Middleton accompanied Prince William to the Top Gun Maverick premiere in London this evening. The Duchess of Cambridge stepped out wearing a black floor length dress, with a white bandeau. But it was her earrings that caught everyone’s attention. Kate’s dress is by designer Roland Mouret and is called the Lamble Off-The Shoulder Two-Tone Gown, in Black/White. It has an off-the-shoulder neckline with a white band, and a fitted silhouette which nips in at the waist. The fluted hem falls to the floor and there is an exposed back zip. It is made in the UK and Roland, said he wants any woman wearing one of his designs to “feel the thought and time I have lavished onto her when she slips on one of my dresses. She feels special”. READ MORE: Royal POLL: Will you tune in for Meghan and Harry's reality series? Prices for Roland’s designs start at £2,903 or $3630. It is unknown how much Kate’s dress is. Kate also wore a pair of sparkly star earrings, which are believed to be by Robinson Pelham. They are the Tsar Star Studs and Drops, and according to the official website, worth a staggering £10,560. DON'T MISS...Queen’s favourite sandwich she's had ‘for every afternoon tea’ [VIDEO]Royal recipe: Queen’s favourite meal made with ‘lashings of cream [CHEF]Queen Letizia wears £2,304 earrings from Emir of Qatar to Gala Dinner [PICTURES] In keeping with the black and white theme, Kate opted for a black clutch bag by Alexander McQueen. This has been in Kate’s wardrobe for some time, and is the Black Velvet Crystal Embellished Box Clutch. It is a custom clutch and combines the body of the designer's Beetle Box Clutch and the jewelled clasp seen on the Mini Crystal-Embellished Leather Bag. On her feet, the Duchess had chosen to re-wear her go-to Prada Wavy-Cut heels. The royal has worn the same black suede heels featuring a pointed-tow silhouette and chic cut out design on various occasions over the years. She first wore the sold-out style, which were originally priced at £600, or $750, in 2016 for the Place2Be Wellbeing in Schools Awards. In terms of hair and makeup, the Duchess opted for the straight 70's tucked-behind-the-ears and hanging down the back look she has been wearing recently. Her makeup was classic, but with a slightly darker eye than normal. Royal fans took to Twitter to comment, and one remarked: “Catherine looks INCREDIBLE!” “Beautiful and elegant couple!!” Another wrote. A thid added: “Absolutely stunning!” One fan commented: “I think we can all agree the Duchess of Cambridge is on FIRE tonight.” "Her figure! This woman is the whoie package gorgeous inside out. What a Queen," another Tweet read.