Mrs Hinch rose to fame on social media several years ago when she started to share unusual cleaning tips and tricks. Now, her fans share their own advice, including how to get rid of fruit flies. Fruit flies can enter a home during any season and any month throughout the year. Their small size can make them difficult to see until you notice them buzzing around your home. They also seem to reappear even after you have cleaned everything you can think of that could be encouraging them to linger in your space. Although they are a year-round problem for UK households, they are more commonly seen in early autumn. However, Mrs Hinch fans have been seeing an increasing number of fruit flies earlier right now and are finding them hard to get rid of. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to get rid of fruit flies after fly killer sprays failed to do the trick. Liza Wroe commented: “Does anyone have any idea how to get rid of fruit flies? READ MORE: Cleaning: ‘Cheapest’ way to get rid of ants in homes - ‘kills them’ “I’ve tried fly killer and almost everything, there's no fruit around or vegetables around. Can anyone help?” According to Mrs Hinch fans a “cheap trick” for getting rid of these pests is to use apple cider vinegar. Talia Stewart said: “I put cider apple vinegar in a bowl and cover it with cling film. Then make holes in it and it attracts them they get stuck in there. It’s a cheap trick to get rid of them quickly.” Irene Morris agreed: “Yes I do that, works a charm. Also white vinegar can work just as well if you don’t have apple cider vinegar and they’re both so cheap.” DON'T MISS: Winchester: The £1m property, the doer-upper & the average home [INSIGHT]Alan Titchmarsh shares ‘technique to adopt’ when dividing perennials [EXPERT]Interior design tips: Paint colours to ‘avoid’ for ‘small rooms’ [TIPS] Alissa Thomas suggested: “Cover a glass in cling pop a few holes in with some apple cider vinegar at the bottom and place near the flies. “It’s so effective as they’ll get trapped in the glass and the vinegar will drown them.” Nicola Turford said: “I have a red oil bottle which I put some vinegar in. “This attracts them and the colour hides all their poor little drowned bodies.” Apple cider vinegar can be purchased from Tesco and Asda for as little as 80p. Fruit flies are said to be attracted to the sweet smell of apple cider vinegar but drown once they enter the liquid. Fruit flies are often very easy to identify, and are commonly known for their red eyes. Their wings are translucent and their bodies are usually black on top and grey on the underside. They are especially attracted to ripened fruits and vegetables in the kitchen. They can often be seen in the summer months when doors and windows are open. Fruit flies can also breed in drainage, bins, empty bottles and cans. All that is needed for development is a moist film of fermenting material.