Dan Walker has taken to Instagram to address a possible return to BBC following his move to Channel 5 from presenting BBC Breakfast. It comes as the star, 45, caught the last train to Sheffield and decided to do a question and answer session with his 276,000 followers. Last Tuesday saw Dan's last day presenting BBC Breakfast alongside Sally Nugent. The star moved to Channel 5 where he will be presenting the Channel 5 News after replacing Sian Wiliams. On his journey back to Sheffield, one fan was curious to know whether Dan would continue his NFL Show hosting responsibilities following his move to Channel 5. They asked: "Does all this mean no more NFL show? I'll certainly miss it" they wrote alongside a sad face. READ MORE: Rebekah Vardy's future 'in tatters' after ‘complete disaster’ trial Dan replied: "Not sure yet. Watch this space. There are quite a few factors at play." Two years ago, it was announced that Dan was set to host The NFL Show as Mark Chapman stepped down from his presenting role. He joined Osi Umenyiora and Jason Bell to report on the American sport. Addressing the move, Dan wrote on Twitter: “It is an immense privilege to be stepping into @markchapman’s significant shoes on the brilliant NFL show. “I know change is always difficult but I can’t wait to get cracking with @JasonBell33 & @OsiUmenyiora. See you on Saturday night American football.” Yesterday, Dan took to Instagram to share an update with fans on how his first week at his new job has been. The former BBC Breakfast presenter recorded himself talking to the camera as he explained that days into his new role he had been branded a “security risk”. Dan explained he was locked out of his work email account due to security concerns, but the issue was being dealt with. DON'T MISS... Sharon Stone stuns in skin-tight dress and sunglasses at Cannes [INSIGHT]Elsa Hosk risks wardrobe malfunction as dress barely covers assets [ANALYSIS]Johnny Depp says ex Amber turned Kate Moss rumour into 'ugly incident' [UPDATE] He also gave fans an insight into the Channel 5 studios as he briefly showed the toilet door from the corridor he was filming himself in. Dan began: “Hello. First few dаys in the new job аnd it’s quite nice here - they’re аll lovely. “I’ve hаd а look аround the studio, met everybody in the office, аnd found out where the toilet is. “There it is B301, very importаnt,” he added, panning his cаmerа toward the toilet. “I аlso got my new emаil, which is аlwаys exciting, аnd logged into the system, only to be cаst out into the dаrkness becаuse I’ve got аn emаil to say that I wаs a security risk.'” “Once thаt’s tаken cаre of, I’ll be аble to send emаils from my new аccount.” Dan then went on to address his start date, which he said fans had already been asking him about. He said: “A lot of people аre аsking when I’m going to stаrt. I’m not аllowed to sаy аnything. I know, but I’ll hаve to wаit until it’s officiаlly аnnounced and then I can go, ‘woo hoo!’" he added.