Princess Beatrice, 33, joined actresses Camilla Rutherford and Kara Tointon at Oscar's Book Prize 2022 at The Ivy Club in London. The Queen's granddaughter wore her flirty knee-length frock with a sharp navy blazer. She finished the look with a red clutch and a pair of classic point-toe black pumps.  Beatrice then wore her glossy locks pulled back from her face. The Princess also kept her makeup typically pared back. The entire look is a recycled outfit for Beatrice, who wore the exact dress and blazer back in 2011. The Princess wore the dress and blazer when celebrating Prince Philip’s 90th birthday at Windsor Castle.  READ MORE: Princess Beatrice makes 'very special' appearance in sweet video The service took place in St George’s Chapel, and Beatrice wore the same floral dress and navy blazer for the occasion. Royal fans took to social media to praise the Princess’ style. A fan @FairyQuane tweeted: “Beautiful Bea!” Similarly, @einstein_evans added: “She looks very beautiful.”  Royal watcher @polkadotpopp said: "Princess Bea throwing it back to 2011 with outfit choice this evening." Oscar’s Book Prize is an annual prize for the best under-fives book of the year. Beatrice enjoyed a solo outing to mingle with the likes of Laura Whitmore and Kara Tointon at the Ivy Club. She was dressed to the nines in her gorgeous floral number with a tiered skirt and simple scoop neckline.  This was a perfect choice to beat the soaring temperatures as the city of London was faced with an unusually warm May evening. The 33-year-old royal raises daughter Sienna with husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi and is Patron of the prize. She accessorised with a dark blue velvet blazer and matching blue court heels. She kept her gorgeous auburn hair simple with a half-updo.  This year's winning picture book was Chris Haughton for Maybe about a trio of misbehaving, mango-loving monkeys. The lucky winner receives a prize fund of £10,000. The award, which runs in partnership with Amazon, the Evening Standard and the National Literary Trust, is presented in memory of Oscar Ashton. Oscar was the storybook-loving son of James Ashton and Viveka Alvestrand, who tragically died in 2012 aged three-and-a-half from an undiagnosed heart condition. 