Prince Harry, 37, could "target" Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, in his upcoming memoir, it has been claimed. US commentator Lee Cohen has warned that if Harry attacked Camilla, Americans would be quick to side with him. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Mr Cohen said: "Camilla has really proved herself to be an asset to Charles and eventually to the British people and has earned the respect of Her Majesty. "She's really a very admirable person and as I said an asset to Britain. "She makes the heir to the throne happy. Americans are only perhaps seduced by the memory of the beautiful and glamourous Princess Diana. "They have a great deal of sympathy for Diana and without any basis in reality or understanding of royalty, Americans are apt to not be terribly warm to Camilla even though, she's proved herself in reality to be a wonderful public servant." He added: "I think if Harry does some kind of frontal attack, Americans are not likely to warm to her." READ MORE: Queen in 'lose-lose situation' as Harry and Meghan to steal spotlight Harry is to write his own tell-all memoir and has promised to give an "accurate and wholly truthful" account of his life which will be released towards the end of 2022. Home life during the break-up of Prince Charles and Dianas's marriage, the period of Diana's death and its aftermath, and Harry's relationship with Camilla and past girlfriends are likely to form part of the book which will be eagerly anticipated by readers. The Duke of Sussex stepped down from his royal duties in March 2020 with his wife, Meghan Markle before moving to the US. Us Weekly's Entertainment Director Travis Cronin said: "Prince Harry is writing a tell-all book and it's bound to reveal a lot of royal secrets that are further going to embarrass the Royal Family. "In this unexpected twist, Prince Harry's upcoming memoir has sent shockwaves through the Royal Family and sources are telling us that they're not happy. "The insider adds that they haven't received a copy yet so they don't know what to expect so it's making them nervous." Senior editor Sarah Hearon added: "Charles better watch out. "I think if we've learnt anything from this press tour in these months, I think we're going to get more tea." DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry 'need to keep royal branding' to ensure 'relevance' [INSIGHT]Harry and Meghan 'still getting paid' by Netflix as first project due [VIDEO]Dr Shola hits out at royals as she demands reparations [ANALYSIS] It comes as Harry and Meghan's "heartbreak" following the Duke of Edinburgh's death will be documented in the new epilogue of a book about the couple. Finding Freedom has been updated since its publication last summer with a new chapter that publisher HarperCollins said will also recount "Meghan's emotional healing journey from losing a child to the birth of their daughter". Co-authors Omid Scobie and Carolyn Durand's book chronicles the duke and duchess's romance and brief period as members of the monarchy before they broke away to forge a new life for themselves and son Archie in America. HarperCollins said the epilogue in the paperback edition will share: "Behind the scenes of Harry and Meghan's groundbreaking interview with Oprah, details behind the couple's move to California (and) the various philanthropic and business endeavours the Sussexes have been involved with since their move and what's to come with Archewell Productions."