Analysis of a Government report has asserted around 25 percent of households in the UK are forced to live in fuel poverty as energy prices continue to soar in the cost of living crisis. Energy giants Shell and BP boasted of huge profits as gas and oil costs surge across Europe. Critics have urged the Government to impose an emergency windfall tax on the profits of energy corporations in order to subsidise the rising costs faced by thousands of Brits.    The Government has rejected calls to further tax energy giants over concerns that corporations would not invest in domestic energy resources. Lead Connor Schwartz, representing Friends of the Earth, slammed energy corporation’s profits as he denounced the conditions millions of Britons are forced to live in. Mr Schwartz said: “These super-profits really need to be put in context. “The context of sky-high oil and gas prices which, as well as generating these mega-profits for multinational corporations are causing misery and hardship to people across the country faced with soaring energy bills.”    “Since the energy prices have gone up earlier this year, it's been estimated that one in four households are now living in fuel poverty, struggling to cover their basic necessities." The statistics suggested by Mr Schwartz have emerged from an analysis of Government data on fuel poverty. A report produced by his organisation claimed that “25 percent of households where the oldest member is aged 16 to 24 years old were fuel poor.” Mr Schwartz continued: “In a week where we’ve heard about pensioners needing to ride the bus all day in order to keep warm, I don’t think anyone will be looking at these super oil and gas profits as anything other than obscene.” Read more: Johnson slams energy companies as he demands investment   LBC host John Stratford interjected: “We have heard calls for a windfall tax on these profits for that money to then be used to help the people struggling most with their energy bills at the moment. “The  argument against that is that these firms need to be able to invest in order to become greener in their operations - what’s your response to that?” Mr Schwartz said: “Friends of the Earth, amongst others, is calling for a windfall tax against these profits to help people struggling with their bills. “In order for investment to be reduced we’d actually need to be seeing the proper investment we need in the first place and, at the moment, these companies are not responsibly investing in the future of our energy system.” Don't miss:Energy crisis lifeline: 'rock dust' to slash costs and carbon emission [REVEAL]Shop prices soar to highest level for over a decade [REPORT]'My fuel bill has gone from £78 to £218 a month' says disabled woman [INSIGHT] Fuel poverty in Government data is defined as households who have less than 60 percent of the median disposable income remaining after they have paid their energy bills and their home is rated at an energy efficiency level of D or less. Analysis by the Friends of the Earth organisation has concluded fuel poverty is also more likely to affect those in rented housing as 27 percent are considered fuel poor. The organisation found fuel poverty to have numerous negative effects on the health and wellbeing of individuals, especially among children. Living in a poorly heated home can affect children’s educational achievement and emotional state.   