Helen Skelton has been missing from Countryfile on BBC One since announcing her split from husband Richie Myler. However, she was seen hosting the Hull KR V Catalan Dragons rugby game on Saturday, marking her first TV appearance since the split. Fans took to social media to shower the star with support after seeing her on the small screen. In her hosting role, the presenter was heard saying: "Rugby league is a sport that looks after its own. "And just like in any family, there's often times when you need to offer a helping hand." Taking to Twitter, Chris Lamb BEM said: "@HelenSkelton is amazing both on and off camera. "I've met many presenters and quite a large number were completely different off screen than they are on it. "Helen is a total professional and an amazing human being. #JustSaying." READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Max Turner's boyfriend unmasked Steeeny called the 38-year-old presenter a "strong, beautiful woman". John Y added: "@HelenSkelton fantastic today, welcome back to Rugby League well done." One fan also thanked the presenter for taking the time to pose for a photo at the game. Mark Wildie shared: "@HelenSkelton great presenting on C4, you are amazing xxxxx" Jim Kiely responded: "@HelenSkelton great to see you on @Channel4 Rugby League. "It is very windy, your hair is lovely and you are a gorgeous lady with great integrity." Dean The Phenomenal Adonis concluded: "Great to see Helen Skelton is still presenting the Rugby League on Channel 4. "I'm sure it can't be easy for her given recent events but she always does a great job because she's a top-quality professional." Helen married England national rugby league team player Richie Myler in December 2013. She gave birth to their first child, Ernie, in June 2015. DON'T MISS... Helen Skelton hit by scammers after heartache over split from husband [DISCUSSION] Helen Skelton and husband Richie Myler dramatically cut ties on Insta [INSIGHT] Dan Walker shares snap with Helen Skelton after her split from ex [PICTURES] Their second son, Louis, was born in 2017, with their daughter Elsie Kate arriving in December 2021. At the end of April 2022, the Countryfile star took to Instagram to announce she and Richie would be co-parenting their children. She said: "Very sad to say that Richie and I are no longer a couple. "He has left the family home. We will be doing our best to co-parent our small children." Helen returned to screens on Channel 4 today, May 21, covering the absence of presenter Adam Hills who is in Australia. After her split from Richie, she had not been seen on TV in a presenting role. She did maintain a social media presence and has been posting adverts on Instagram. Fans will be looking forward to her next TV appearance as she left a lasting impression from pitchside.