Manchester United coach Steve McClaren has opened up on Erik ten Hag’s first few days at the club. The 61-year-old will be part of the Dutchman’s coaching team at Old Trafford, having previously worked under Sir Alex Ferguson. And the duo are eager to challenge for the Premier League title at the first time of asking. It was confirmed last month that Ten Hag would be the new manager of United, having beaten the likes of Mauricio Pochettino, Luis Enrique and Julen Lopetegui to land the role. And the Dutchman was unveiled on Monday, with McClaren and Mitchell van der Gaag confirmed as his assistants. Now, McClaren has opened up on Ten Hag in an interview with Sky Sports. And he’s provided inside details of the Dutchman’s first few days in the job, saying: "The last seven days have epitomised his attention to details, all the planning which he wants to get right. "And that's from the day after he won the championship with Ajax, he's on to the next thing; a little bit like Sir Alex Ferguson used to do. “But we just want to support Erik and make him successful and, if he is, then the team is. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings "Erik finished his last game [at Ajax], came to London where I met him and Mitchell [van der Gaag] and John Murtough and together we spent five or six days including [Monday] with the press. “So we have spent the last week working. "The work ethic and the attention to detail has just been exemplified in the last seven days where he's practically met every member of staff who he is going to work very closely with and in detail has worked out the plan - what each person's job is. "It's not just exciting going back to Manchester United, it's exciting working with Erik again. “And after a week with Mitchell, a very, very good coach, and hopefully together, along with the staff and John Murtough also has been a fantastic help in the process, we can begin middle of June when [the] players come back. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag "It's a new beginning. I know Erik is looking forward to it and I certainly am. “It was great to catch up with him over the last seven days and bond again and hopefully make a great team off the field that will, ultimately, produce one on the field." McClaren previously worked under Ferguson at United. And he was a key asset to the coaching team as the Red Devils won the treble in 1999. McClaren has had spells in management in the years since, succeeding at the likes of Middlesbrough and FC Twente. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz But some have taken issue with his appointment given he’s also struggled at Newcastle, England and Queens Park Rangers. Rio Ferdinand, however, recently expressed a belief that McClaren would be a good coach for United. “I think he is coming in as a coach, a shoulder to lean on, somebody who can give advice at the right times. Maybe eyes and ears. “In terms of judging him from his management in previous years gone by, I don’t think it’s irrelevant. “What you do get with Steve McClaren is someone who is a football man, loves that game, is so enthusiastic, meticulous, cares about the details. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Not just from a football point of view but also mentally, and he understands what it takes at Man Utd to win. That’s important.” And he added: “I think he will be a good addition. “What’s good for Ten Hag is that they have already got a relationship from before which is pure and he will be able to steer him in the right direction. “I don’t care who you are or where you come from, when you come to Man Utd, especially if you haven’t been at a club like that, of that statute and that size – Ajax are a big club with all due respect but not the size of Man Utd – when you do come into the door here, it takes a bit of getting used to. “To have that little bit of help immediately is a real good decision from him.”