Rishi Sunak announced the first package of help for people stung by the rising cost of living from the House of Commons today, as Boris Johnson's Government struggles to curry favour among Britons after the Sue Gray report. The Chancellor has targeted society's most vulnerable with a combination of one-off payments and discounts designed to help them avoid financial hardship in 2022. Universal Credit, Tax Credit, Pension Credit, and legacy benefit claimants are among those soon to receive the vital aid. The benefits system has changed drastically since the Conservatives took power in 2010, as the party has tried to centralise payments via one system. The Tories have built Universal Credit over the last decade by incorporating older programmes into one overarching platform. Some of those older benefits under the UC umbrella are now known as "legacy benefits", and there are six in total. READ MORE: Energy crisis: Three million homes face eye-watering £7,646 bill  Jobseeker's Allowance exists to help people either not working or actively seeking work in the UK. Claimants can either apply for the contribution or income-based benefit, with the former paid for up to six months to those who have made enough Class 1 National Insurance contributions. Income-based JSA is for those who have not paid enough Class 1 contributions, are self-employed, or need help after contribution-based coverage has ended.  Known primarily as Employment and Support Allowance (ESA), this benefit helps those with a disability or health condition. ESA provides people whose disabilities impact their work with money to help reduce the cost of living and support for taking on employment. Employed, self-employed, and unemployed Britons can all apply for the benefit. The Income Support benefit is only available via Universal Credit and exists to help people on a low income. The benefit works to subside people's income while they are employed but not signed on as unemployed. The amount people receive depends on their income and other circumstances.  Housing benefit was introduced by the Government to help people pay their rent while they are looking for a job. How much claimants receive depends on their savings and living situation. While the Government phases the benefit into Universal Credit, only State Pension age Britons and those living in temporary, sheltered or supported housing can make a new claim.  Child Tax Credit supports those who need help while raising a family and is currently attached to Working Tax Credit. Working Tax Credit provides targeted help for people depending on their age, health and how many hours they work, with a maximum amount of £3,345. Child Tax Credit provides people with monetary support based on how many children they have and whether they are making a new claim. 