With rising inflation and the removal of the temporary £20-per-week uplift to Universal Credit, some families are facing financial difficulties. This is the case for mum of two Leanne, who works 37 hours a week as a finance officer, and claims Universal Credit. However, despite this, she still needed to claim food vouchers to help her and her family get by. Sharing her story with Action for Children, she said: “I have no disposable income whatsoever. “My electricity bill has gone from £188 to £279 a month, my council tax has gone up and I’ve had to increase my oil payments – last year they were 19.5p per litre, and now they’re over £1.23. “You read the reports about energy bills reaching £3,000 by the winter – how the heck are we going to afford that? We literally can’t live. READ MORE: Pension warning as Rishi Sunak to harvest £6billion from savers “Everything has gone up in the shops too – from food to cleaning products. Things that were £1 are now £1.25 - a 25 percent increase - now imagine that for a whole food shop. “There’s no way we can survive like this, it’s just impossible. “We have a food bank near us, but it’s on a Friday at 10am and I’m in work. A lot of people think food banks are just for people who don’t work, but people who work like me need them now.” Leanne explained she can no longer afford to buy fresh food for herself and her children due to how much they cost. She is worried about how the cheaper food will impact the health of her children. DON'T MISS‘Consequences!’ 520,000 Britons to face state pension freeze [UPDATE]‘I just fell apart!’ Woman in tears after losing £525,000 in scam [VIDEO]Pension ‘crisis’ as plans to retire at 66 shattered for many women [INSIGHT] The mum continued: “There’s no way for me to work more to get myself out of this situation, like the Government says I could. “My son’s 18 but he’s a vulnerable adult as he has Asperger’s. He’s really noticed the changes with our family finances. “He says he wants to help and that he’ll go find a job – but that’s nearly impossible for him with his syndrome – and that’s really hurting his mental health.” With her son off to university in September, Leanne will lose her Child Benefit as well as the disabled child element she is used to receiving. Her worries are therefore growing about how she will be able to support her family. Leanne concluded: “I don’t think I’ll even manage priority bills let alone luxuries like food. Who’d have thought eating would become a luxury?” Unfortunately, the situation Leanne is facing seems to be increasingly common amongst Britons. Action for Children worked with a boy who had been off school with sore feet, which turned out to be chilblains. A frontline staff member added: “He told me that the house is cold all the time as the heating is not on. “The whole family were wearing coats indoors and the children were sharing beds at night to keep warm.”  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The charity has called upon the Chancellor to do more for families worst impacted by the cost of living crisis. They have urged the Government to raise benefits in line with inflation, and raise the child element of Universal Credit. Imran Hussain, director of policy and campaigns at Action for Children, said: “The worst pain and misery of the cost of living crisis is being felt by children in low income families, yet the Government is refusing to target help for these children or accept that it needs to rethink its huge cut to Universal Credit. “There is so much more our Government can do in these tough times to prevent those with the least from continuing to suffer the most.” A DWP spokesperson told Express.co.uk: "We are committed to ending poverty and the latest figures show there were half a million fewer children in absolute poverty after housing costs than in 2009/10. “We recognise the pressures on the cost of living and we are doing what we can to help, including spending £22 billion across the next financial year to support people with energy bills and cut fuel duty. “For the hardest hit, we’re putting an average of £1,000 more per year into the pockets of working families on Universal Credit, have also boosted the minimum wage by more than £1,000 a year for full-time workers and our Household Support Fund is there to help with the cost of everyday essentials.”