Brooklyn Beckham's wife Nicola Peltz, 27, is said to be in a "rift" with Romeo Beckham's long-term girlfriend, Mia Regan, 19. It comes a month after Brooklyn and Nicola married in a lavish ceremony at her family's Miami home. Victoria Beckham has reportedly failed to clear the air between her new daughter-in-law Nicola and Romeo's long-term girlfriend, Mia. The Daily Mail reported that the former Spice Girl wanted to "organise a clear-the-air girls' lunch" for the three of them, adding that the plans have yet to happen. The publication stated that the duo are rarely pictured together and don't frequently interact with each other on social media. However, they are said to have spent time together during family occasions, most recently being Booklyn and Nicola's wedding last month. READ MORE: Carol Kirkwood on ‘shocking’ divorce before meeting 'soulmate' Mia and Romeo have been together since May 2019 and frequently share loved-up selfies on Instagram. The duo caused a stir with their social media snaps, sparking speculation amongst fans that they could be next to walk down the aisle. Recently, Romeo shared a snap of himself and his girlfriend, Mia, in a candid mirror selfie. Mia wore a cropped, stripey jumper while flashing a glimpse of her toned stomach. Romeo stood behind his girlfriend and affectionately placed one hand on her hip. He covered his face with the camera as he leaned in to his partner of three years. The snap soon sparked a frenzy amongst his 3.5 million Instagram followers, who thought that the duo could be the next Beckham wedding. Instagram user boneym1969 wrote: "Next wedding" alongside a shocked face emoji. DON'T MISS... Martin and Shirlie Kemp's 'dream come true' for future grandchildren [INSIGHT]Kate Moss set to testify as witness in $100m Johnny Depp trial [ANALYSIS]Gary Lineker sparks backlash over flag remark ahead of Queen's Jubilee [UPDATE] While ty_surfing left a row of ring emojis. Romeo is signed to the reserve affiliate of dad David's Major League Soccer club Inter Miani, Inter Miami II. Mia is signed to top modelling agency, Storm Models. Brooklyn and Nicola wed at her family's Miami oceanfront mansion in a ceremony which reportedly cost £3million last month. The duo tied the knot at the £76 million luxury home in an event which saw the best of Hollywood's A-listers descend to witness the nuptials. Soon after the nuptials, Victoria told of her heartbreak at missing her eldest son following his move to the States. The former Spice Girl said: "David and I have gone from having four kids at home to having one-and-a-half. "Brooklyn and Nicola are going to be living between LA and Palm Beach, Romeo's living in Miami, and Cruz is in-between home and boarding school," she said to Grazia magazine. Express.co.uk has contacted Victoria Beckham's representatives for comment.