A minimalist home showcases the essentials and boasts a clean and organised environment. It often involves white rooms with little on the walls and essential pieces of furniture. While it may be easier to clean and is timeless, one interior expert has suggested there is a movement towards warmer colours in the home. Interior design is just one way a homeowner can put their own stamp onto a home. There are many ways to decorate a property, from the colours to the furniture involved. In a minimalist home, tones of greys, tans and beiges are often visible. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Ryan McDonough, in-house interior design expert at MyJobQuote, explained: “Although neutral, minimalist design is timeless and simple, it can end up feeling sterile and artificial. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to remove yellow pillow stains - ‘easiest way’ “There is a movement back towards warmer colours and softer furnishings to create warm, cosy feelings. “Think deeper, richer shades like browns and reds. “They can play nicely into the natural theme by using early tones.” For furniture, the expert said upholstered pieces and soft textures are “key”. DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share how to get rid of ‘musty’ washing machine smells [COMMENT]‘Simple steps’ to ‘deter’ wasps away from your home [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘underrated’ way to clean ‘vile’ washing machine [EXPLAINER] Ryan added: “This will help create spaces that feel relaxing and inviting. “Rounded shapes for furniture and effects give the implicit feeling of comfort and warmth, and will help to add to a relaxing vibe.” The interior design expert also recommended using carpeting or rugs in spaces around the home. He said it can help to create a “warmer” space. They provide extra comfort as well as offering other benefits such as reducing noise. Ryan continued: “The same can be said for using throws, blankets and cushions to add a cosy, luxurious feeling to any area.” To breathe energy, positivity and a sense of sunshine into any room, it is recommended to use warm colours like yellow, orange and red. For those wanting to portray a sense of relaxation and calm, green, blue and purples are ideal. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea According to Vicky Salmon, Head Florist at Interflora, biophilic interior design is “becoming increasingly popular”. She added: “More of us are looking to bring elements of the outdoors into our homes, populating areas with plants that have both physical and mental wellbeing benefits as well as being aesthetically beautiful to look at.” Biophilic design is an approach to architecture that seeks to connect building occupants more closely to nature. This could involve bringing plants inside as well as indoor trees and wooden architecture.