Asylum seekers will be told this week they could be sent to Rwanda as part of the Government's latest deportation policy, the Home Office has confirmed. Migrants who crossed the Channel in small boats are among those who will be notified that they face a one-way ticket to the East African nation, the department said, with first flights expected "in the coming months". But Patrick Christys has explained why he is "sceptical" of the move. He said: "This Rwanda deal. I’m becoming increasingly sceptical. And the reason why I’m becoming increasingly sceptical is because of headlines like this: First illegal migrants to be told about relocation this week. "Then the line underneath, in much smaller print, reads: First flights expected to leave in the coming months. "So people who arrive here illegally may or may not be told they’re going to Rwanda and they may or may not be sent there in the next few month. "It’s hardly convincing is it? And it’s hardly a deterrent." READ MORE: Theresa May sparks furious row after deal rant  He continued: "We need to get a move on. "But now we’re already being told about future plans. There’ll be more Rwanda-style deals! "Ok, so what does that mean? As it currently stands that still means no deportations. "It still means no deterrent. In fact, this pathetic line came out today: There is a hope the scheme will soon deter further people from making Channel crossings. "That won’t happen until we see planes taking off. In terms of this Rwanda deal, I’ll believe it when I see it." It comes as a Home Office minister was unable to point to any calculations that the Government's Rwanda relocation policy will reduce the number of people arriving in the UK via small boats. Tom Pursglove, minister for justice and tackling illegal migration, told MPs it was "logical" that by striking at the business model of people traffickers, the amount of people crossing the Channel would decline. When asked by the Home Affairs Committee what modelling was used to give the "evidence base for this decision", the minister replied: "This is a new and untested policy at this point in time. DON'T MISS Border Force intercept inflatable dinghy crossing Channel [VIDEO]Channel mIgrants to be deported to Rwanda in DAYS [INSIGHT]MP savages £80m ‘waste of money’ over crossings [ANALYSIS] "I do think that in the fullness of time we will see this policy, as part of a wider package that we are introducing, really shift the dynamic. "What is absolutely clear is we cannot continue with the status quo." Meanwhile charities the British Red Cross and the Refugee Council warned they were hearing accounts of some asylum seekers in Britain going into hiding because they fear being sent to Rwanda, as well as deciding not to claim health support amid concerns the NHS could pass their details to the Home Office. The scheme announced last month by Home Secretary Priti Patel will see the UK pay for asylum seekers who are deemed to have arrived on its shores "illegally" to be sent to Rwanda, where their claims will be processed.