Emmerdale star Mark Charnock, 53, has reflected upon the show’s storyline that sees his character, Marlon Dingle, suffer a stroke. The actor spoke to Express.co.uk and other media outlets about the scenes that will change Marlon’s life “forever”. Speaking of Marlon’s perspective on life after the stroke, Mark explained that the character now thinks he “can’t be the dad he wanted to be” for his children. However, other characters, including Marlon’s love interest Rhona Goskirk, will support him following the traumatic experience. Mark said: “I don't think he’s going to get to where he wants to be for a long time, and we're just at the beginning of his journey. “He can't work anymore, and he feels, wrongly, that he can't be the dad he wants to be anymore, which is everything to him, because of his incapacitation. “But because of Rhona and Paddy and other characters who come into this story who are a big support, there's some comedy in it too, there's some fun to be had in it and some lovely scenes with Paddy, really funny and well written in the hospital quite early on. “There’s a great deal of hope that things can only get better from where they are, there’s positivity to be had from it too so hopefully apart from it being distressing, traumatic for the characters, also it will inspire them to get their lives back.” Mark went on to explain how he hopes the impactful storyline inspires viewers to make a positive change to their lives. He said: “And hopefully it will inspire the people watching to maybe change their lifestyles a little bit in order to head this off before it happens to them – because it happens to so many people." Elsewhere in the interview, Mark admitted that the new plot is set to change Marlon’s life “forever”, but highlighted that what happened to Marlon also happens to real people. He explained: “I think it will change the course of the character forever." The actor clarified: “I’m not worried about that so much, as it's just another part of his story. “Soaps are unlike any other form of drama in that you turn the page on a script and it's another day in the life of your character. DON'T MISS:Dawn French, 64, glows as she attends Sondheim's Old Friends gala [PHOTOS]Our Yorkshire Farm’s Amanda and Clive Owen shake up family dynamic [INSIGHT]Coronation Street's Millie Gibson admits co-star is 'love of my life' [LATEST] “These things happen to people and it happens to have happened to him, like anything else could've happened to me.” Mark has found the silver lining in the storyline, pointing out how it “adds” to Marlon’s personality. He explained: “The way I'm looking at it is that it adds something to him, rather than taking something away. “It will change him, but not necessarily in a bad way. I think it gives him more facets and more stuff to play with as a character.” Last month Mark took to Twitter to thank “inspiring” fans for sharing their experiences with strokes after watching the episode. In view of his 187,000 followers, he wrote: “Proper heartfelt thanks to everyone for their kind words over the last few nights of #Emmerdale “One of the most positive aspects of it all is seeing people bravely sharing their very moving personal stories about strokes and supporting each other. “You’re all amazing & inspiring.X,” the actor concluded.