The Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations will kick off in less than three weeks, and the Royal Family will be gathering to celebrate the royal matriarch's incredible reign. The Queen is the first British monarch to ever reach a seven-decade milestone on the throne, so it is only fitting that Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will be flying in from the US for the extravaganza. The Sussexes stepped back from their royal duties in 2020 and no longer play key roles in the Royal Family, but the pair have spoken of their immense love for the monarch in the past and are said to be "excited" to celebrate with her in-person next month.  So far the Sussexes have not announced exactly when they will return to the UK for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, but they have confirmed their attendance. Earlier this month, a spokesperson for the Duke and Duchess said: "Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex, are excited and honoured to attend The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations this June with their children." Previously royal fans were concerned that Harry and Meghan might not appear at the celebrations as they did not attend Prince Philip's memorial service in late March with other members of the Firm.  READ MORE: Regal Kate stuns in pink dress as she represents Queen at garden party But the family are gearing up to return to their home of Frogmore Cottage in Windsor, according to The Sun, which is currently where Princess Eugenie lives with her family. We might expect to see the Sussex family at key royal events over the Jubilee weekend, including the Service of Thanksgiving for the Queen's long reign at St Paul's Cathedral. But Buckingham Palace has already announced that non-working members of the Royal Family will not appear on the palace balcony for Trooping the Colour this year, which rules out Harry and Meghan. A statement read: “After careful consideration, the Queen has decided that this year’s traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday, June 2, will be limited to Her Majesty and those members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of the Queen.”   The Queen's second son Prince Andrew, who stepped back from royal duties in 2019, will not be appearing on the balcony, nor will extended family members like the Queen's grandchildren Zara Tindall and Peter Phillips. According to royal journalist Omid Scobie, the Sussexes did not wish to appear on the balcony in the first place. Mr Scobie wrote in Yahoo! News that "Prince Harry had already spoken with his grandmother about the possibility of not attending Trooping the Colour long before" the announcement was made. A few exceptions have been made by the Queen for Princess Anne's husband, Vice Admiral Sir Timothy Laurence, who is known to support the Princess Royal with her extensive schedule. Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex's children Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn will also attend, as will Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge's three children, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis.  DON'T MISS:Royal Family heirlooms Meghan Markle wore on wedding day [PICTURES] Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's 'fly-on-the wall' show dismantled [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Will you tune in for Meghan and Harry's reality series? [POLL] It is understood the Queen is yet to meet her great-granddaughter Lilibet, who was named in her honour. But the Platinum Jubilee meeting could not come at a better time, as Lilibet will celebrate her first birthday on June 4 during the Jubilee celebrations. The meeting will also mark the first time the Queen and Royal Family have seen Archie since he left the UK in 2020 as a baby. 