Piers Morgan, 52, questioned Meghan Markle, 40, on social media after she visited the scene of the Ulvade School shooting this week. The TalkTV host asked if she had brought her “Netflix camera crew”, as he appeared to question her motives behind the selfless act. Piers typed on Twitter: “Is the Netflix camera crew with her?” Alongside a Daily Mail report that Meghan made a surprise appearance in Uvalde where she laid a bouquet of white roses. In response, some of his fans replied that Kate Middleton had been followed by cameras when she attended Clapham Common last year to pay respects to Sarah Everard. @miabrenkill commented: “Can everyone remember Catherine's impromptu appearance to lay flowers for Sarah Everard.” READ MORE: Stacey Solomon shuts down stag do 'slip up' @BarrBims typed: “Morgan behave. At least she went to pay her respects. At a time like this show some respect for those deceased.” @NaumannOne continued: “I feel sorry for a camera crew that has to follow around such an irrelevant couple. There can’t be much job satisfaction in knowing no one cares what you’re filming and no one will care enough to watch it.” Piers said he would find it "unbelievably distasteful" if she had flown all the way from California to pay tribute - only for this to be filmed by Netflix. His comments come after Page Six last week broke the news that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are working on an "at-home" style docuseries on Netflix. "Meghan Markle, for reasons I find completely baffling, has turned up at the scene of the mass shooting in America to put flowers down," Morgan said on his TalkTV show. "I don't know what she's doing there, other than it seems self-promoting." "And if the Netflix cameras are following her to do something like this, I would find that unbelievably distasteful." Conservative commentator Esther Krakue agreed with Piers, but said she would "like to give her the benefit of the doubt" as the shooting is a "tragedy" that has moved everyone. DONT MISS:Sir David Jason hints Only Fools and Horses would be cancelled today (PHOTOS)Denise Welch sparks frenzy as she flaunts curves in swimsuit (NEWS)|Bond Girl Ursula Andress looks breathtaking in unearthed photos (LATEST) "Listen, I would like to give her the benefit of the doubt just because this is a tragedy that has moved everyone, that she's not doing this as a form of self-promotion," she told the presenter. "However, if there are Netflix cameras then clearly she is." Royal author Angela Levin was also quick to question the Duchess after pictures of Meghan paying a visit to the memorial site emerged. "Can you imagine getting a photographer plus a bodyguard to take a picture of you laying roses in memory of the most hideous attack on a school in Texas," she tweeted. "Or did the parents or teachers ask her to come? We'll know when the Netflix filming is released." The Duchess of Sussex had flown to Texas from California to pay tribute to the 21 lives lost during the tragic shooting at Robb Elementary School on Tuesday. Markle, who kept a low profile, wore a grey t-shirt, blue jeans, sneakers and a dark baseball cap, was filmed leaving a bouquet of white roses in front of a makeshift memorial outside the Uvalde County Courthouse. A spokesperson for Meghan confirmed the visit and said it was important for her, as a mother herself, to extend her condolences and support to the community. The Duchess also visited a community centre hosting a blood drive, where she dropped off two crates full of sandwiches, drinks and desserts for the blood donors, according to Buzzfeed News.