Mercury levels on Sunday will be “cool”, which may be a “little disappointing” for this time of the year. Weather experts have said that northern and eastern Scotland will be cloudy, but much of western Scotland will have a dry sunny day.  Showers could turn up anywhere, but many places will again have a dry day, and showers will die away during the evening. Temperatures will mostly reach highs of between 12C and 15C but highs of 17C or 18C are possible in sheltered southern areas. Ben Rich, a meteorologist with BBC Weather said: “As we move through Sunday, with high pressure ahead north of us and low pressure to north-east, that will be driving quite a brisk northerly wind and that will bring a rather cool feel. “For many, the temperatures will be a little disappointing for the time of the year.  Weather experts have said that northern and eastern Scotland will be cloudy, but much of western Scotland will have a dry sunny day. Showers could turn up anywhere, but many places will again have a dry day, and showers will die away during the evening. Temperatures will mostly reach highs of between 12C and 15C but highs of 17C or 18C are possible in sheltered southern areas. Ben Rich, a meteorologist with BBC Weather said: “As we move through Sunday, with high pressure ahead north of us and low pressure to north-east, that will be driving quite a brisk northerly wind and that will bring a rather cool feel.  READ MORE: 'Burglars paradise' The tools giving 'free intelligence to criminals' “For many, the temperatures will be a little disappointing for the time of the year. “It will be a rather cool Sunday, particularly we have areas of cloud and some showers which could be heavy and thundery equally. “There will be some spells of sunshine in between. “But we will see showers from the wood go across the parts of Wales, the midlands, some north sea coast as well. “Not least in the northeast of Scotland where that cloud will produce some spots of rain coupled with quiet a brisk north and north-western wind. “It will feel slightly cool. Just 9-11C, maybe 14C in Glasgow. Not too many showers for southern Scotland or for Northern Ireland. “Scattered showers across England and Wales, and especially for south-west England and south Wales where some of the showers will be heavy and thundery into the afternoon.  DON'T MISS:Queen’s sensational coronation dress to be displayed Boris Johnson vows to name and shame petrol stations Biden given ‘gargantuan stack of red tape’ “The top temperatures will hover around 15-16C.” Meteorologists said that Monday through to Wednesday looks set to continue cool and showery with slackening winds as a weak area of low pressure establishes over the north of Britain. Ian Simpson, a meteorologist with NetWeather.Tv said: “ On Tuesday and Wednesday, some of the showers may be heavy and thundery, particularly in the east of Britain. “There will generally be plenty of sunshine in between the showers in western and southern counties, but it will be cloudier towards the north-east of Britain. “Temperatures will remain on the cool side overnight, particularly where skies clear, but they will tend to recover during the daytime. “By Tuesday and Wednesday, it looks likely that we will be seeing highs of 20 or 21C in the south-east of England, which is about what we would normally expect at this time of the year. “There is a lot of uncertainty over the weather into the Jubilee long weekend. “There are signs that high pressure will build from the north-west, but at the same time low pressure will develop to the south, which could send some bands of rain in from the south-west, especially into southern parts of Britain.” 