Jay Blades, 52, announced his engagement to fiancée Lisa-Marie Zbozen over the Christmas season last year. The Repair Shop star tends to keep his romantic life private but could not help but gush over his “supportive” partner. Jay explained that when he starts “judging” himself, it is Lisa who helps “soften the blow”. In a new interview, Jay said: “I’m looking for everything that’s wrong with me. “Lisa’s very supportive, bless her, and she’ll soften the blow, but I’m like, ‘Don’t hide it, I can see it…’” Jay also admitted to watching his own shows when he is at home with Lisa, adding that the pair “share” the remote control. Asked what they like to put on TV when they are together, Jay said: “Anything with twists and turns that will freak us out – we loved The Girl Before and The Tourist. “I watch my own shows as well!" “I wait until they go out live – I want to see them like a regular viewer," he added to Radio Times. The BBC presenter revealed in December that he had popped the question to Lisa in a social media post. He shared a picture of the pair together and the engagement ring he designed for her. Taking to both Twitter and Instagram, Jay said he hoped his good news brought “the same happiness” to his followers. He wrote: "Good afternoon all. Lunchtime Treat. "It gives me great pleasure to announce that I got engaged to @TheWKOUT. "We wanted to share this news with you as we are very happy & hope to bring the same happiness your way. Ring designed by me & made by @rtfj_jewellery." Many of his thousands of followers and some of Jay’s famous friends rushed to the comment section to congratulate the couple. Actress Tamzin Outhwaite wrote: "Congratulations." The Repair Shop presenter Kirsten Ramsay commented: "Congratulations to you both! Lovely news! @lisamariezbozen." Weather presenter Nazaneen Ghaffar added: "Oh my goodness!!! Jay! Mega happy for you both and wishing you many more years of happiness together." Lisa also shared the announcement on her profile and changed her Instagram bio to a ring emoji alongside Jay's handle. The Repair Shop airs Wednesdays at 8pm on BBC One.