Over time the dishwasher can get dirty, with a build-up of soap scum, food debris and grease building up. Not only does this provide a breeding ground for germs, it also reduces the efficiency of the appliance, so it is important to maintain a clean dishwasher. Lara Brittain, Kitchen Expert at Curry’s, explained: “Dishwashers might clean your dishes, but they can’t clean themselves. “These can be nasties like old food, limescale and undissolved detergent build up over time. “But there are simple things you can do to keep it working to its full capacity. “Make sure you run any dishes under the tap before you put them in the machine, this will reduce any debris lingering in the machine.” The expert also recommended cleaning the filter. READ MORE: I cleaned my microwave with fruit and I was shocked by the results She said: “A rinse should do the trick but it might need more of a scrub. “A little hack is to add a glass of white vinegar into your empty dishwasher. “Then let it run on a hot cycle. “The vinegar will break down any tough spots of food, soap scum and dirt. DON'T MISS:Carol Klein: ‘Important’ step when sowing cucumber seeds [VIDEO]‘Nifty tricks’ to keep ants out of your home - including 29p deterrent [COMMENT]How to get rid of garden weeds with ‘zero cost’ involved [INSIGHT] “Don’t worry, it won’t make the dishwasher smell.” Lara also recommended giving washing machines a proper clean every once in a while. This involves removing the trays and baskets and cleaning them with a sponge or toothbrush. She added: “A handy toothpick is great for removing food from the spray arm too. “Depending on what you prefer, you can either use detergent or vinegar. You can also sprinkle some bicarbonate of soda to really fizz off the filth. “The important thing is to get down to work with a sponge and really make sure it’s clean. “Make sure you give the door seals a wipe. It’s amazing how dirt can build-up.” Another appliance which is often forgotten about when it comes to cleaning is the fridge. Lara explained: “The fridge salad drawer can be a breeding ground for bacteria, with as much as 750 times beyond the level of bacteria considered safe. “This could include the likes of e-coli, salmonella and listeria.” To tackle these germs, make sure the fridge temperature is set between five and three degrees celsius and regularly move the drawers and shelves to clean. It is advised to clean fridge freezers every three to six months. The expert added: “It is important to make sure that you schedule the deep clean before you do a big shop so that there is minimal disruption to the food and drinks in the fridge. “It will also mean nothing new will be contaminated before the clean. Make sure you use a sterilising fluid when cleaning the inside of the fridge and freezer.”