Admiral Sir Tony Radakin argued that the Russian President could be running low on armaments due to firing more than expected on Ukrainian forces given their fierce resistance to the Russian invasion. Sir Tony, who is Chief of the Defence Staff, told Talk TV that Russia may have lost up to 25 percent of its entire military forces in Ukraine.  It comes after there have been increasing reports that senior Russian military officials are becoming increasingly frustrated with Putin’s handling of the war. According to Sir Tony, Putin underestimated Ukrainian forces when he ordered the invasion in February. He said: “He potentially has a problem, because the rate of expenditure and the toughness of the fight is totally different to the one that he perceived on the February 24. “I think there are several wars going on. There's a tactical, geographical war going on in Ukraine.  “There's a logistics war going on, in terms of how do you maintain that rate of expenditure. “We're talking severe impact on their armed forces. “We’ve had 25 percent of their forces effectively being taken out - either through people being killed, or through the damage to their battalion tactical groups.” Sir Tony said that after initial setbacks including the failure to capture Kyiv Russian forces were now under “incredible pressure” to secure a military victory in the eastern Donbas region. READ MORE: Ukraine mayor embarrasses Russia state TV in refusal to follow script  He continued: “I think what we're now seeing is incredible pressure - political pressure and military pressure - for a victory. “And I think we've got to wait and see whether or not doing that in such a rushed manner against the Ukrainian armed forces that are fighting for their country. “And that should give all of us encouragement about how this is going to be a tough fight. This is going to be a hard slog. “You're seeing the tactical fight, where he's trying to rush to a tactical victory, and then he'll push that with his own people.” DON'T MISS:  EU braces for mass legal suits as top court rules against France [REVEAL] Putin could 'tip' France into war with Russia, security analyst warns [INSIGHT] Pavel Latushka demands 'the same sanctions' on President Lukashenko's [SPOTLIGHT] Sir Tony said that the “impact of inflation” may force the British Government to make defence cuts. The Admiral added that this was problematic at a time where there “might be” a need to increase defence spending given the ongoing war in Ukraine. He said: “That's a conversation that we need to have in a much bigger way. A taking stock of what is the impact of this? “What is the impact of Russia's aggression? “And then if you ask me as a selfish military officer, could we provide more to the nation in terms of its security with additional spending? “Then of course, that's something that I would welcome.” 