The takeaway fish and chip shops are under immense pressure as hundreds of local stores have gone bust as rising prices decimate the industry. According to debt insolvency firm Company Debt, the situation with rising inflation and cost of living has been described as a “perfect storm" for beleaguered chippies.  The cost of cod and haddock has spiked by 75 percent in the last 12 months. This is compounded by the cost of sunflower oil rising by 60 percent, with shortages also reported due to the ongoing war in Ukraine - the world's largest supplier of this oil. Flour, used to make batter, has also risen by 40 percent, as potatoes have also seen a hike. Inflation in the UK has hit a 40-year high, as the rate fast approaches double figures teetering at nine percent. Energy prices have also gone up - adding a further burden to struggling business owners. Aside from the war in Ukraine, reports suggest Brexit has had an impact on the industry.   Following the UK leaving the EU, distant-waters trawler company UK Fisheries said, estimating that the amount of Arctic cod Britain is allowed to catch in 2022 reduced to around 40 percent of what it was before leaving the European Union. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Fish and Chip shop of the year 2019 co-owner Kelly Barnes of Krispies in Exmouth said price rises are an inevitable part of a premium product business. She said: “As an industry, we have been witnessing rising costs, with many items going through the roof. “As a business, we saw this early on, so rather than riding it out, we put prices up early in the year to cover the impending impact. “In order to help customers still enjoy their much-loved Fish and Chips, we introduced a Krispies Box Meal, a smaller portion at a lower cost, which included fish, chips and mushy peas." READ MORE:Brits startled by bizarre blue and red Platinum Jubilee fish and chips   Speaking of the future, Ms Barnes said tomorrow (May 27) is National Fish and Chips Day. Ms Barnes added: “Fish and Chips is a national institution, and something associated with Britain. “With the Platinum Jubilee coming up, many people will be enjoying this national treasure over the Jubilee weekend.” Ms Barnes issued a warning for those who believe fish and chip prices would remain low. She added: “For us as an industry, those who will suffer most are those who believe £6 fish and chips are a thing and those charging such prices will go out of business soon. “Furthermore, at such low prices, the customer has to ask about the quality of the product they are being served. “At £6 a portion, I will not be providing the customer with the quality of food I would want to provide.” DON'T MISS:'I don't need this!' Wizz Air pilot rants after SEVEN-HOUR delay [REPORT]North Korea horror as China to BLOCK missile sanctions [REVEAL]Putin's daughter gets luxury 'vampire facelifts' [INSIGHT]   Ms Barnes also spoke of rising costs within the UK. She said: “The rise in VAT has also affected the business. “Seeing it leap from 5 percent to 20 percent has really had an impact.” Ms Barnes said the consequences of Brexit have yet to be felt, with other global events having more of a bearing. She added: “As an industry, we have seen more of an impact from the war in Ukraine “On top of Covid and Brexit, our industry has suffered, but the Ukraine war has caused us to see the most obvious impact, with oil and flour being key. “We have not yet seen the true effects of Brexit because of Covid and the war has masked the real effect. “I think it’s a cautious future for all. “We are always positive at Krispies, we’re about to open a third shop in Exeter, staying true to quality products, and keeping to the premium ideology at a reasonable price… £10 is the new fiver.”  A spokesperson for Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs said it was “working closely with industry, including the National Federation of Fish Friers, to mitigate the challenges that they are facing.” Footfall data from Springboard shows shopper numbers in British high streets are 15 percent down from 2019, pre-pandemic, levels. 