Iconic ITV drama The Bill first aired in 1983 until it was cancelled by the broadcaster in 2010. However, fans of the longest-running police procedural drama will be thrilled with reports that UKTV are developing a second reboot following reports that three of the original cast members were looking to revive the series. A TV insider said: “In the minds of many producers and execs, The Bill is a drama which is just sitting, waiting, to be rebooted. "It’s a simple format but one which attracted a loyal army of followers who would be delighted to see it return.” “No doubt any new incarnation would be tweaked to make it attract a whole new generation to the show,” an insider told The Sun. The drama, set in fictional Sun Hill, ran for 2,425 episodes and 26 series. Read more: Peter Davison health: Actor on his 'unpleasant' condition UKTV is in the early stages of creating a new spin-off which may be on screens as early as next year, as reported by The Sun. Meanwhile, in 2021 three members of the original cast were said to be in talks for a comeback. Graham Cole, Trudie Goodwin and Mark Wingett teamed up with writer Simon Sansome. The actors played the roles of PC Tony Stamp, Sgt June Ackland and DC Jim Carver.  Discussing this reboot, a source said: “The project started picking up pace last year after the cast got together to mark 10 years since the show last aired. “Simon started investigating the rights and managed to acquire them. Three of the best-known stars are in talks and he’s hopeful he can get them on board. “Tony has seen the script and they hope they can get him signed up too. “They’re in constant contact and the project has begun to move on quickly.” DON'T MISSCoronation Street theory: Max Turner's boyfriend unmasked  [SPOILER]Emmerdale theory: Rhona Goskirk for affair with Bob Hope [THEORY]Our Father sibling recalls reaction to Dr Cline discovery [INSIGHT] “There’s a couple of channels interested in bringing back what is such a well-loved story.” The idea behind the reboot is to have some of the original cast members with some new stars. The ITV drama is known for featuring cameos of some very high profile actors. Keira Knightly, David Tennant and Sean Bean have all appeared in the drama. Just 10 years old at the time, Keira starred as Sheena Rose, a small-time thief who had acquired an expensive coin collection. Speaking on The Graham Norton Show back in 2014, the 33-year-old said: I was in The Bill as a child and it was the most exciting character I have ever played. "I was just in the one episode but I loved it, and I was so cool at school because I was in it."