Brits will be looking to get away at some point during this week with the school half-term in full swing and the Platinum Jubilee fast approaching. However, if motorists are planning on making long journeys, there are several things that they must remember. This includes vital pre-travel checks. With that in mind, experts at Vanarama have put together a list that every driver should follow if they want to reach their destination safely. Not only will the checks ensure the safety of road users, but they could also prevent drivers from forking out as much as £7,600 in fines. Here is a list of all the vital checks and potential fines that come with them if drivers fail to ensure that their vehicle is safe to drive. READ MORE: Anxious dad threatened with bailiffs despite paying parking ticket Drivers must ensure that the tyre tread depth is not below 1.6mm across the central three-quarters of the tyre width. The tyre pressure must also be suitable for driving. If motorists fail to adhere to those rules, they risk receiving three points on their licence and a fine of £2,500 per illegal tyre. DON'T MISS Drivers warned of dangerous fuel-saving tip [WARNING] Best UK regions for a road trip revealed [REVEAL] Driver fined for driving himself to hospital while having heart attack [INSIGHT] Working windscreen wipers without blunt blades are not only a necessity in the UK, but they are also required by law. Section 40a of The Road Traffic Act: Using a Vehicle in a Dangerous Condition Part II, states that: “A person is guilty of an offence if he uses, or causes or permits another to use, a motor vehicle or trailer on a road when the condition of the motor vehicle or trailer, or of its accessories or equipment is such that the use of the motor vehicle or trailer involves a danger of injury to any person.” This applies to windscreen wipers and requires drivers to carry out all the necessary safety checks to make sure that the windscreen is cleaned properly. Motorists who fail to adhere to the rule could be slapped with three penalty points and a fine of up to £2,500. Motorists need to ensure that all their lights are working properly. This includes full and dipped-beam headlights, rear, and sidelights, plus the brake and hazard lights. Traffic police officers can stop road users with broken lights and issue them with a fixed penalty notice of £100. However, if this offence is challenged in court, the fine could rise to £1,000. Having a clear view of the road is necessary to ensure the safety of all road users. Under regulation 30 of The Road Vehicles (Construction and Use) Regulations 1986, drivers are required to keep all glass clear of obstruction. If motorists fail to do so they could be charged with careless driving in the event of an accident. This in turn carries a £1,000 fine and three penalty points. Motorists need to make sure that their number plate is visible at all times. The DVLA says that drivers are legally required to display their number plate as it is used by automatic vehicle recognition systems. If caught with a dirty number plate, drivers could face a £100 fine.