NCIS season 19 is almost over with just a couple more episodes to go before it comes to an end. The CBS police procedural has seen some major changes since first airing in 2003, including the staff in the medical examiners' room at NCIS headquarters. An early departure in the drama came from none other than Donald "Ducky" Mallard's (played by David McCallum) first assistant Gerald Jackson (Pancho Demmings). WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS. In NCIS' season one, epsode 16 Bete Noir, Gerald and Ducky were taken hostage by Ari Haswari (Rudolf Martin) which led to Gerald being shot. Jimmy Palmer (Brian Dietzen) made his first appearance a few episodes later to temporarily fill in for Gerald during his recovery. In season three's Kill Ari, Gerald was again kidnapped and after his ordeal came to an end in the following episode, he went back to Agent Leroy Gibbs (Mark Harmon) to tell him that Ducky had also been taken. This was the last time that Gerald was seen in NCIS before Palmer took over his role permanently.  READ MORE: GB News guest savages Prince Harry’s acting debut Actor Pancho Demmings has since opened up about the situation surrounding his exit. The creators decided to put his character on a hiatus as Gerald recovered from being shot in season one but later returned to the drama. Demmings hoped that this meant he would be staying in NCIS for a longer period of time but this wasn't the case. The decision for Gerald to leave came from the show's writers rather than Demmings. Opening up to Showbiz Cheat Sheet, Demmings said: “Initially, I think they were looking at extending my storyline. “Even in the episode where I come back, Gerald says ‘I’m going to be back to autopsy next week,’ but at that time, I guess they ended up choosing to go in another direction.” “It wasn’t anything that I chose myself, as is part of the business. “Sometimes that’s just what happens as a result of different storylines developing on whatever show you’re part of.” DON'T MISS...Eurovision 2022 'fix' row as Netherlands 'rob' Latvia of final place [REACTION]NCIS’ McGee star speaks out on Gibbs’ return [CAST]When is the season finale of NCIS LA? [EXPLAINER] Gerald's story never came to a fixed conclusion and for this reason, Demmings would want to return to NCIS. Of course, this would be up to the creators to decide if his storyline would be worth revisiting in future series. Demmings added: “I would be more than happy to reprise that role, but that is something that if the fans are curious about it, they might be able to reach out to the show and ask what’s happening with Gerald.” Since leaving NCIS, Demmings has been in a number of popular television series. Demmings has been in shows such as 24, Bones, Cold Case, General Hospital and Tyler and Borelli. His most recent role was in the movie 12 Round Gun in 2017 as a character called Freddie. Demmings will also be starring in a short, which has now been completed, entitled No Man's Land. NCIS season 19 continues Mondays on CBS in the USA and Wednesdays on Disney+ in the UK.