Liverpool could make their first major signing of the summer transfer window in Barcelona's Gavi, according to reports. With their financial power being much greater than that of the Blaugrana, the Catalan club could be helpless to see the midfield prodigy depart for pastures new. With James Milner set to depart on a free transfer and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain likely to seek an exit, midfield reinforcements are needed at Anfield. A move for Aurelien Tchouameni now looks dead in the water with multiple reports suggesting Real Madrid are frontrunners for his signature, leading the Reds to pursue other targets. One of those could come in the form of Gavi, who has burst onto the scene at the Nou Camp by making 47 club appearances and earning six Spain caps at the age of just 17. And with the financial power of the Premier League lording over that of La Liga, Sport claim the Merseyside outfit pose a 'threat' to the Spanish giants. The report states that Liverpool are willing to activate the £45million release clause in his contract. Barcelona, however, believe that Gavi wants to continue his career in Spain under Xavi's guidance despite not being able to match Liverpool's wage offer. Liverpool see the offer as brilliant value for money given the prodigy's young age. But whether he wishes to come to Anfield is another question after being given the opportunity to play in the first team at Barcelona so early in his career. Klopp knows that he will need signings over the summer with Manchester City signing Erling Haaland and Julian Alvarez ahead of the new season. The German reluctantly agreed that the signing of the Norwegian was a 'really good signing'. “But City was never and never will be a team that wins games because of one player," Klopp said. “They have a specific way to play and I think Erling will realise all of a sudden that he will score a lot of goals on the second post… he will love that. “He’s a real beast. He was injured a couple of times with Dortmund but when he’s fit he’s a real beast. So unfortunately, it’s a really good signing.” Liverpool face Real Madrid on Saturday in the Champions League final in a bid to become the first English side to win a European treble since themselves in 2001.