Arsenal will back boss Mikel Arteta with ‘heavy investment’ in the summer transfer window despite a likely failure to qualify for the Champions League, according to reports. The Gunners are sticking by Arteta despite the Spaniard’s side giving up fourth place to North London rivals Tottenham. Defeats by Spurs and Newcastle saw Arsenal lose ground in the battle against their fierce foes. The Magpies’ 2-0 victory on Monday night leaves the North Londoners two points behind Spurs. A victory against Everton on the final day of the season is required if Arsenal are to finish in the top four. They will then need to rely on already-relegated Norwich beating Spurs. A draw at Carrow Road would not suffice barring a miracle due to the sizeable goal difference gap. It comes as a disappointment to Arsenal and Arteta, who appeared to have a strong grasp of fourth place only a few weeks ago. However, it has been reported that the Emirates Stadium hierarchy will not hold back in giving Arteta another big transfer kitty this summer. JUST IN: Man Utd sent message as De Jong and Timber agree on Ten Hag Arsenal spent around £150million ahead of this season. According to The Telegraph, the club will splash out ‘heavily’ once again in a bid to inject further quality into a young team. Arsenal are expected to target at least two strikers this summer. The contracts of Eddie Nketiah and Alexandre Lacazette expire at the end of June, meaning they will be left without a first-team centre forward if both players depart. Manchester City’s Gabriel Jesus has been earmarked as a top target but that could depend on Arsenal qualifying for the Champions League. Wolves’ Ruben Neves has been mooted as a possible midfield target. DON'T MISS...Tottenham boss Antonio Conte tipped to go on £150m spending spreeArsenal have proven Wright wrong as Arteta sent worrying assessmentGranit Xhaka told he and Arsenal team-mate are 'not good enough' Arteta - who has also been handed a new contract by Arsenal - accepted that his side’s chances of qualifying for the Champions League were slim. He said: “Normally I sit here, I can defend what we've done. Today it's not easy. Newcastle were 100 times better than us in every department from the beginning to the end and it is very hard to accept it. “We didn’t cope with it, we didn’t compete, we never got into the game. We put ourselves in trouble time after time. We lost every duel. In every aspect of the game we were second best and Newcastle totally deserved to win the match, probably by a bigger margin. “We need to win (against Everton) and we need a defeat for them (Spurs). We know that in football anything is possible. You have to be there. Today we have to swallow all the poison that we can and tomorrow (Tuesday), start again.”