Before May 1, British tourists had to show proof of vaccination, a recent recovery certificate or a negative PCR test to travel to Greece. However, the Government has now relaxed restrictions. The UK Government advises: “The Greek Government has confirmed that from May 1, travellers arriving from the UK, USA and European Union countries are exempt from the requirement to show a vaccine certificate, proof of a negative test, or a certificate of recovery from Covid to enter Greece.” There was some confusion in April when the Greek Government appeared to suggest entry restrictions would remain in place beyond May. However, the Government has now confirmed that British tourists will be able to enter without proof of vaccination. According to the UK Government, Britons could be required to undergo a rapid Covid test on arrival at the airport. READ MORE: Travel tips for British tourists with arthritis British tourists will need to wear a face mask in indoor public and communal spaces in Greece. In supermarkets, pharmacies and on public transport, tourists must wear double masks or an N95/FFP2 mask. Unless tourists are from the same family, a maximum of three people are allowed to travel in a taxi at once. Tourists will no longer need to demonstrate proof of vaccination to enter public spaces in Greece. Italy has also ditched the use of its health pass, which used to be required to enter restaurants, bars and other venues. The green pass is still required to visit hospitals or nursing homes and people will need to be vaccinated, recently recovered or have a negative Covid test to enter. Tourists in Italy will need to wear a mask on public transport and in the cinema as well as at healthcare facilities. They are no longer required inside supermarkets, shops or workplaces, following a relaxation of Covid rules. Both countries are preparing for a busy summer tourist season as the peak holiday period gets underway. Greece has recently announced plans to promote year-round tourism and encourage travellers to visit in winter. However, British tourists faced widespread chaos as they tried to get away for a holiday in April. Both British Airways and easyJet cancelled many flights from Heathrow and Gatwick due to staff shortages. Staff shortages have also impacted Manchester airport where passengers faced chaotic scenes at security. While staff sickness has contributed to the issues, many airlines and airports lost employees during the pandemic. It can take a very long time to recruit and train new airport staff as a high level of security clearance is needed. Britons are advised to travel to the airport with plenty of time to spare to make sure they make their flight. British tourists should check the latest travel advice on the UK Government website before visiting Greece as restrictions can change rapidly.