Over the years, Phil Spencer has become a regular face across television, presenting several property-related shows including Location, Location, Location and Relocation, Relocation, Relocation. He grew up in the village on his family farm before returning to Canterbury later in life, working for an estate agent. Phil has been described as a “country boy”, having spent much of his childhood outside with his siblings. Littlebourne is a quiet village four miles east of Canterbury with a population of just 1,500 people. According to Rightmove, properties in the area have an average price of £399,794. The majority of the sales in Littlebourne during the last year have been detached properties, selling for an average of £515,056. READ MORE: Oven cleaning: How to clean oven door glass under 5 minutes - ‘cheap’ Terraced properties sold for an average of £255,500, while semi-detached homes fetched £314,000. Canterbury is a popular cathedral city, which attracts history lovers from all over the world. It has peaceful green spaces and plenty of river tours as well as a busy shopping district and plenty of eateries. Average property prices in the area are £331,90, according to Rightmove. DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share ‘21p hack’ to get microwaves ‘sparkling’ [COMMENT]Interiors: What you should and shouldn't have in the bedroom [EXPLAINER]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘game-changing’ way to dry clothing [INSIGHT] The property guru was educated at Uppingham School, Rutland in the Midlands and left school in 1988 after finishing his A-Levels. Following this, Phil undertook several unique job roles including teaching sport along the Australian Gold Coast. He also joined the British Army on a three-month Potential Officers course. Phil’s passion for property emerged when he returned to Kent, working for an estate agent in Canterbury which then inspired him to take on a four year course at London’s Southbank University. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea He studied General Practise Surveying, and founded the company Garrington Homes Finders in 1966, a company that specialised in looking after the interests of the purchaser and it is still successful today. Phil is also the co-founder of Move iQ, a consumer website dedicated to helping anybody looking to move home. The property expert also shares YouTube videos with property related advice. Throughout his television career, Phil has often been seen appearing alongside Kirstie Allsopp. They have presented the likes of Kirstie and Phil’s Love It or List It and in 2010, the duo set up Raise the Roof Productions with their long-term production partners. In 2015, Phil moved out of London into the countryside with his wife of over 20 years, Fiona Spence and their two sons Ben and Jake. The family moved into a gorgeous home in the Hampshire countryside which they share with dogs, ponies, chickens and sheep. The stunning property was thought to have cost £3.3million, complete with 10 acres of land, its own cinema and tennis court. Speaking to Mirror Celebs when he moved, Phil said: “I’ve loved living in South West London for the last 25 years, but have moved to Hampshire for a change of life, children getting older and changing schools. “I was born and bred in the countryside so excited about having space, nature and greenery around us. “Two ponies and six chickens have already joined the family.” 