 Her Majesty is expected to attend the final performance of ‘A Gallop Through History’ tonight. A spectacular combination of theatre and equestrianism take viewers on a journey of the royal past. In celebration of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, performers and horses bring history to life — from the reign of Elizabeth I to the present day. Tonight’s show will be particularly special as 10 of the monarch’s great-grandchildren will participate in the performance. The great-grandchildren will reportedly appear in a horse-drawn carriage in the finale. Her Majesty is the first British monarch to reach 70 years on the throne. Since her coronation in 1953, the Queen has become a symbol of resilience and continuity for Britain and the Commonwealth nations, but her reign has also seen challenges and difficulties — some of which came from within the Royal Family. Perhaps most notable is the monarch’s ‘Annus Horribilis’, meaning horrible year in Latin, which refers to the year 1992. In a speech marking the 40th anniversary of her succession, the Queen said: "1992 is not a year on which I shall look back with undiluted pleasure. “In the words of one of my more sympathetic correspondents, it has turned out to be an 'Annus Horribilis'." Diana, Princess of Wales and Prince Charles' flagging marriage ended in separation, as did the marriage of the Queen's second son Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson. Andrew Morton, royal expert and author of upcoming book The Queen, has claimed the monarch was “tested more than we ever knew” during this time. Writing for the Daily Mail, Mr Morton said: “According to a friend of hers, she was at her 'wits' end' when both Charles and Andrew's marriages collapsed, wondering aloud when her family, and the monarchy, would finally be given some respite.” He claims that the monarch was so “deeply affected” that she strayed from “ingrained habits of a lifetime”. Mr Morton wrote: “No longer did she have just one dry martini in the evenings; her staff noticed that Her Majesty's modest consumption of alcohol had noticeably increased. “In private, the Monarch, known for both her moderation and her iron grip on her emotions, was quietly signalling her distress. “With two sons mired in scandal, she had much to contend with.” DON'T MISS Lady Louise in adorable tribute to Prince Philip — 'Make him proud' [INSIGHT] Prince Harry's Jubilee plan offers clue about feared memoir [REVEAL] Zara Tindall paid tribute to Queen and Prince Philip at wedding [REPORT] In January 1992, Andrew and Sarah made a formal appointment with the Queen to discuss their failed five-year marriage. The couple had spent a lot of time apart due to the prince’s demanding naval career. Their four years of separation were not free of scandal, perhaps most memorable were the leaked intimate photos of the Duchess with American businessman John Bryan. The Queen and Prince Philip were reportedly outraged when the scandal broke, leaving the Duke of Edinburgh’s relationship with his daughter-in-law in a state of no repair. Andrew and Sarah divorced in May 1996. Now, the happily divorced couple live together at Royal Lodge in Windsor. Diana and Charles had endured an unhappy and incompatible marriage for 11 years when they separated in December 1992. Both had engaged in extramarital affairs and leaked telephone conversations made the bitter breakdown of their relationship public knowledge. The Queen was reluctant to allow the heir to her throne to get divorced. But following Diana’s interview with BBC’s Martin Bashir, Her Majesty felt that she had no other option and “something had to be done”. Mr Morton wrote: “The Queen found the Princess's interview unforgivable. Diana had crossed a line — notably in challenging the Sovereign by speaking of herself as a 'queen' of hearts, and by articulating her doubts about Charles's fitness to be King. "For the sake of both the monarchy and the grandchildren, something had to be done. "The following month, the Queen sent Diana a handwritten note saying she'd consulted with the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Prime Minister and Charles — 'and we have decided that the best course for you is divorce'. "It was a decision that was long overdue.” In August 1996, their divorce was finalised and Diana relinquished Her Royal Highness status. Adapted by Corinna Honan from The Queen by Andrew Morton, published by Michael O'Mara on May 24.