Helen Skelton, 38, joined fellow A-listers to celebrate Steph McGovern's 40th birthday party. This comes after the Countryfile presenter announced she had split from her husband Richie Myler, 31, with whom she shares three children last month. Helen looked amazing as she posed alongside the likes of Russell Kane, Kerry Katona, John Whaite and Denise Van Outen. The Countryfile host sported a ruffled cropped white top, exposing her taut abs, paired with low rise skinny black jeans. Adding colour to her outfit, Helen wore duck egg stiletto heels, while styling her blonde tresses in a straight look. Denise took to Instagram to share pictures of the Steph's Packed Lunch team as they posed at the party. READ MORE: John Cleese shut down during panel discussion over slavery joke She shared a string of snaps from the celebrations in view of her 662,000 Instagram followers. Denise captioned the post: "Weekend of fun for @stephlunch 40th birthday in Newcastle. "Happy birthday Steph. We all adore you. Thank you @hotelduvin for my fabulous suite. Dress @philiparmstrongcom shoes @jimmychoo #giftedstay." In the pictures, there were two including Helen who appeared to be in high spirits as she partied the night away. Helen did not post any pictures from the event, however, she shared Denise' Instagram story which included a picture of her posing alongside the elaborate birthday decorations. This comes as Helen announced the end of her marriage on Instagram. She shared a story last month, which read: "Very sad to say that Richie and I are no longer a couple. "He has left the family home. We will be doing our best to co-parent our small children." DON'T MISS...  Kay Burley sparks concern as she wears trainers live on Sky News [COMMENT] Johnny Depp stuns fans with surprise UK performance [LATEST] Emma Thompson snapped at reporter over Meghan and Harry [INSIGHT] She shared two heartbreak emojis along with the message, showing her devastation over the situation. Helen married Richie in December 2013 and the pair have three children together. Their split came just four months after the arrival of the couple's third child, a baby daughter. Rumours have also been circulating recently that Helen is top of the list for this year's upcoming Strictly Come Dancing. Reports claim that since appearing on the show's Christmas Special in 2012, bosses are desperate to get her back on screens. According to The Sun, a source said: "Helen has been on the Strictly wishlist since she did the Christmas special but the timing has never been quite right for her to sign up. "She relocated to France in 2015 for three years while Richie was playing there and has also taken time out for her three pregnancies." Express.co.uk has contacted Helen Skelton and BBC representatives for comment.