Tracey Connelly was jailed for a minimum of five years in 2009 after she was found guilty of causing or allowing the death of her tortured 17-month-old son Peter. The shocking case horrified the nation - and now she is set to be released within weeks. But Ms Connelly, 40, has been denied the opportunity to be given a new identity. A prison source speaking to the Daily Star said she was “fuming when she heard the news”. They added: “It is very rare to give prisoners a new identity. “'The prison officers managing her release have told her the best thing she could do to avoid attention would be to change her appearance by drastically losing weight and dyeing her hair.” Despite her fears about being targeted by vigilantes, she has also been told she won’t have police protection. Ms Connelly’s release has been a subject of major controversy. Justice Secretary Dominic Raab raged against the decision. He argued it showed why the parole board “needs a fundamental overhaul”. When the evil mum was originally released in 2013, she was recalled to prison two years later for selling naked photos of herself online. This breached her licence conditions by “developing intimate personal relationships” online. The Parole Board announced in March that she had been cleared for release once again, citing a low risk of reoffending. Within hours Mr Raab vowed he would stop Ms Connelly from being released, describing the case as “harrowing”. He did not succeed in doing so, however. Upon her release, Ms Connelly will be subject to 20 licence conditions. These include wearing an electronic tag and disclosing all of her relationships. READ MORE: Meet nine adorable RSPCA dogs waiting years for a home [REVEAL] She will also have her Internet use monitored and be forced to obey a curfew. Reviews into the case of Peter, known publicly as Baby P, found that officials had missed several opportunities to save the toddler’s life, had they reacted properly to warning signs. Peter had suffered more than 50 injuries despite being on the at-risk registe and receiving 60 visits from social workers, police officers and health professionals over eight months. Ms Connelly's lover Steven Barker was jailed in 2009 for a minimum of 32 years for torturing the 17-month-old to death while his brother, Jason Owen, received a six year jail sentence for allowing the toddler to die.