On the Ramsey Show Youtube channel in 2020, the American finance personality answered a listener's question about knowing how much is needed to retire. Barbara, 61, wanted to retire soon, however she was worried about if her money would last. “You don’t know how long you’re going to live,” she said. Barbara works as a school bus driver but wanted to retire after another year. She can buy five years worth of employment from where she works and that would increase her monthly benefits from $248 (around £200) to $428 (around £340) a month but it will take 10 years to recover that. However she wasn’t sure if this amount was enough. READ MORE: DWP update as Britons could get five different types of cash support “Great news,” Mr Ramsey added. He wanted Barbara to sit down with a financial expert who knows about investing so he can help her know more about where she is putting her money. He said: “Your job is to figure out how to best position your money with some help and people guiding you.” Mr Ramsey explained that she is the one with the money and she should just let people help her but ultimately she is making the decision for herself. He suggested getting someone with the “heart of a teacher”. The thought that over time she can get all of her money into investments as they may be able to do better, and get better rates that what they currently get. If she made at least 10 percent of her money, she would be getting around $60,000 (around £47,700) each year and he thought she could make it on that. “Easy,” she said. He continued: “As long as you’re not hitting the goose that lays the eggs, [your money] it will last forever mathematically. “Meaning if you don’t touch the $624,000 (around £496,000) and you live off what it creates it will create something each year so you will be fine. “You have done very well.” Barbara explained that when she was younger her parents taught her not to overspend so she has always been good with managing money and saving it. No matter her salary, she tried to see if she could live like she was on minimum wage, she said.