Disabled sport has seen a huge uptake in recent years, especially in the United Kingdom. With the latest instalment of the Winter Paralympics being a huge success, it is hoped that many more participants will get themselves involved in sport off the back of it, and those in charge will be hoping the representation garnered will highly boost the profile of what is classed as an underrepresented section of the sporting world. The same applies to the team at Burnley Football Club. Harry Pate, co-ordinator of the Disability Sport Project at Burnley in the Community, has detailed how the club has benefitted the local community in recent years. "I've worked at Burnley in the Community for five-and-a-half years, and that has always been for the Disability Sport Project. Since then I have progressed through the ranks by becoming an officer and now co-ordinator, so I feel like I've come a long way as well as the program across the years!" Pate said.  "What we offer here is sessions on a weekly basis for children aged five all the way through to adults, with the oldest being in their 50s or 60s. For the younger ones, we have sessions that include climbing, dance sessions, multisport and football whilst the older participants are enabled to do football and fitness classes." The organisation are regular winners of the 'Community Club of the Season' award at the Northwest Football Awards, taking home the accolade in 2016, 2017 and 2018. It typifies the hard work that the club is constantly doing in the local area to make people feel involved in scenarios that were previously hard to come by. And Pate believes that not only are technique and ability levels developing between participants, but the mental side of the game is, too. "I'd say participants develop through the programme, not only physically in the skills that they will develop from attending sessions week-in and week-out, but another one of the key parts is the social and mental side," he continued.  "I think the work that the community have done over the past years has been excellent and it is something the local area has benefitted from. It has many projects for all ages and all genders of people to attend every week free of charge. "But the work that the community do has been massive, I think it's something that the local area definitely needed and now it thrives. Obviously being linked to the football club has a positive impact and that helps proceedings massively." BitC teams now compete in the 'Greater Manchester Ability Counts League - a division for disabled stars to compete weekly against teams from around the northwest such as Manchester United, Manchester City, Bolton Wanderers and Oldham Athletic. Opportunities as simple as even creating a league for participants were unheard of even 20 years ago, despite the close proximity of the competing clubs. And even though Burnley currently sit fourth in the top-tier of the league, the wellbeing component of the competition is worth so much more than people realise, Pate says. He continued: "I think it's a great opportunity that they participate in the league. We play every Friday, so we take 30 to 40 adults to go and participate against other clubs from the north west, such as Manchester United and Man City. "I think that is massive. If you could see the participants when they come here to get sorted before we depart for the tournament, the buzz from the players is huge. It's great, like a highlight when you tell them there's a tournament coming up! I think that has a real impact on their wellbeing and obviously it is great for them to be able to participate on a level-playing field environment. It's massive." The question now begs to ask whether there has been a chance at a national level as opposed to solely limiting the conversation to Burnley. Pate believes that alongside the good work that has been done at the club, the uptake in commitment and reputation has also happened across the nation. But he also recognises that there is a long way to go, with work 'still needing to be done' on inclusion for disabled people. "I'd say there has been a change in the level of ability nationwide, yeah. It's developing with work still to be done, 100 per cent," he argued. "By developing, what we have seen is a lot more teams competing, a lot more players taking part, so there has been a huge uptake on the national level.  "There has been a positive impact which is the way we want it to be." Pate was then asked whether he thinks this has seen opportunities for disabled sports take off in the 21st century - bar the Paralympics which have been running for almost a century. He was undoubtedly in agreement, stating chances are now much more common due to a number of factors, but mainly down to social media. "100 per cent, definitely," he said. "The way it has developed in a short space of time, even though it has been a couple of decades like you say, is huge. Apart from the Paralympics obviously which is a huge competition, has disability in sport been underrepresented? Definitely. "Whether that is due to the opportunities not being there, people not taking an interest in it, people that work in sport not being taught how to adapt sessions or whatever reason, who knows. But the opportunities there are vast. There are now courses available to update staff on things, disability awareness training, more footballers courses - are now ensuring that people with disabilities, be that locally or nationally, are able to get involved in sport and flourish in an environment that is tailored and suited to their needs. "I'd say that people in a disability sport can now highlight how well the work goes in their environment, so they can ask things to the people delivering the session which can make the training more beneficial to them in their specific sport. Social media is a huge thing these days, videos and case studies which highlight how people are doing and how well the sport as a whole is pressing on.  "Could people with links to football clubs take it forward? The Disability Sport Project at Burnley used to be called the 'Danny Ings Disability Sport Project' as he sponsored it when he played here, and that alone made it take off. So that alone was huge and that was what got the project going, really. Having that from a player or someone high up at the club help promoted, or even come down to sessions potentially?" It certainly is a good point made by Pate. Ings, who is now one of the stars in a talent-laden Aston Villa outfit, was only a leading young Championship player when he sponsored the project at Turf Moor. If there are Premier League stars willing to sponsor their team's projects in the present day, the sport could see a rise like never before. So where does the sport go from here? Nationally the game is improving, we are seeing more and more enrolment with each passing day and awareness is at an all-time high. Can the sport go continental? Burnley already have. "We have also gone continental, before COVID-19 we took seven participants out to Barcelona for three days as part of the Special Olympics and played teams such as Barcelona, Real Madrid and Ajax. Just to be in that environment and be able to give the opportunity to participants to do that was great," Pate beamed. "Unfortunately, we were looking at securing funding for that to become a regular fixture prior to COVID-19 - but with restrictions now easing and things starting to open back up, that is something we could do in the future." You can visit Burnley in the Community's page here. 