With food prices rising due to the cost of living crisis, there has never been a more important time to get savvy and save money by reducing food waste. Following a food shop, some homeowners will store their eggs on the kitchen counter, maybe in a basket, others will decant them into the fridge door, while some just place the egg box onto a random shelf. But there is a certain way to store eggs to keep them fresh and free from cross-contamination. A well-stocked freezer is said to be more energy-efficient, but an over-packed fridge is not. A fridge needs good air circulation. Domestic and General said: “Don't overload it and it won't have to work so hard to keep the temperature down.” Homeowners are advised to “use the first–in, first-out rule to ensure nothing lingers too long”. READ MORE: 'Supermarket tactics' could trick you into spending more “Keep dry foods, such as ready-to-eat foods, cheeses, cooked meats and sandwiches at the top,” the fridge and freezer experts added. “Wet foods, such as raw meat, should be kept well covered and at the bottom.” While there’s great debate around eggs being stored in the fridge or not, for those that like to keep them in the fridge, where should they be placed? “Keep eggs in the box so you can keep an eye on the 'use by' date unless the eggs are date stamped individually,” the experts explained. DON'T MISS...Weight loss: Lose 1.5st & still drink alcohol on 'the healthiest diet' [EXPERT]Prince Harry ‘better suited to take over monarchy’ compared to William [COMMENT]Cleaning tips: How to clean a mattress and kill off dust mites [EXCLUSIVE] They also had some advice for other food items: “Cover leftovers and eat within two days. “Don't keep open cans in the fridge. Transfer contents into a storage container or covered bowl and use within two days. “Never put hot food in the fridge. You're making the fridge work harder than it needs to.” In terms of what the best temperature for a fridge is, it should be no more than +5ºC in its coldest part.  Depending on the time of year, it might need to be adjusted via the temperature dial. Other energy-efficient tips include closing the door as quickly as possible. It takes three to four minutes for a fridge to regain its temperature, so making sure the door isn’t kept open for longer than necessary is advised. Checking the door seals is also suggested to see if any warm air is getting in. The seals should be tight enough to hold a piece of paper securely when the doors are closed. Regular cleaning of a fridge’s internal and external surfaces with disinfecting an all-purpose cleaner can also help a fridge function better. Use a solution of detergent to remove mould growth on stained door seals. If any smells linger, wash with a solution of warm water and bicarbonate of soda (15ml to one litre). Dry thoroughly. If the inside back wall has a sheet of ice on it, the drain channel at the back may be blocked.