Premier League icon Alan Shearer has been left red-faced on the final day of the season after failing to get a single position in his top-four predictions correct. Shearer's tips headlined BBC's pre-season forecasts, which meant he was centre stage among a host of disastrous shouts. Manchester City and Liverpool will battle it out for the Premier League title on the final day for the second time in four seasons. A win against Aston Villa will be enough for Man City to retain their crown, while Liverpool must beat Wolves at Anfield and hope Steven Gerrard's side can take at least one point from the Etihad Stadium. However, Shearer predicted that neither would be in the running for top spot at this stage, touting Chelsea as his Premier League champions, with Man City second and Liverpool as low as fourth. Thomas Tuchel's reigning European champions have endured a disappointing campaign and sit 29 points off the summit. The Blues have secured their status in third, which Shearer expected Manchester United to occupy. Since his prediction, United have sacked Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and recorded their worst-ever Premier League season, tallying 58 points with one game left to play. JUST IN: Man Utd board ‘unhappy’ with dressing room leaker behind the scenes The Red Devils are the only team in Shearer's top-four prediction that won't feature in the final cut. Ralf Rangnick must guide a dressing room in disarray to three points against Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park to ensure they avoid Europa Conference League football next season. If West Ham United, away at Brighton & Hove Albion, better United's result, they will replace them in sixth due to their superior goal difference and snatch the final Europa League spot. Shearer wasn't alone in backing the Old Trafford giants for a good campaign, though, with all 20 predictors naming them alongside Man City and Liverpool in their final top fours. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag planning ‘uncomfortable’ experience for Man Utd players Interestingly, not a single predictor backed Arsenal or Tottenham Hotspur to break in and return to the Champions League. But the north London rivals are battling it out for fourth on the final day, with Tottenham simply needing to avoid defeat at rock-bottom Norwich City. If Antonio Conte's side slip up, Arsenal can take their place by beating Everton at the Emirates Stadium. While BBC Sport's pool of predictors haven't showered themselves in glory this season, Mark Lawrenson and Danny Murphy deserve separate praise. Both correctly predicted the top three as it will finish, but United's collapse denied them a clean sweep. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.