Arsenal must be wary of an "Erik ten Hag-infused Manchester United" next season, according to Simon Jordan. The former Crystal Palace chairman claims the Gunners could face more of a fight to finish in the top four next term than they have this campaign. Arsenal currently sit fourth in the Premier League table as they aim to qualify for the Champions League for the first time since 2016. However, there are still four matches remaining and north London rivals Tottenham are hot on their heels ahead of next week's derby. United have fallen away under interim boss Ralf Rangnick and will likely have to settle for Europa League football next season. Ten Hag will take over from Rangnick in the summer and Jordan is expecting some improvement from the Red Devils. He cannot see any of the other challengers falling away, meaning Arsenal face further competition to finish in the top four due to Ten Hag's arrival. He told talkSPORT: “I think they’ll do well next year to get inside the top four. READ MORE: Chelsea tipped to sign 'new Varane' as Antonio Rudiger replacement  "You’ve got an Erik ten Hag-infused Manchester United. You’ve got a new Chelsea ownership model in place by then and Thomas Tuchel may be back to his best. "You've got Liverpool, and we know what that looks like, and we've got Man City, and we know what that looks like. You’ve got Antonio Conte at Tottenham who I believe will probably be supported. “I think they’ll do very well to win fourth spot. That would be considered a win." Jordan believes there is no way Arsenal will be competing for the Premier League anytime soon. But he reckons they must start competing for other honours in a "make or break" period for manager Mikel Arteta. DON'T MISSNapoli star Osimhen 'chooses' between Arsenal and Manchester United transfer [GOSSIP]Liverpool's five-year plan under Klopp complete after 'comedic' Tottenham show [COMMENT]Man Utd's price tag for Marcus Rashford exit speaks volumes about him [OPINION] “Arsenal are building, rebuilding, and getting some momentum,” added. “If there’s an argument that irrespective of how ambitious they are in the transfer window this summer, they can win the Premier League next year – I think that’s a bit far-fetched. “My view is that this will be the making or breaking of Arteta. Two or three years into his job, if we’re not seeing Arsenal winning things, questions will start to be asked about where they’re actually going to get to. “Arsenal are still very much a work in progress and they’re going to need to invest quite significantly in a variety of players – specifically forward players I suspect. "I don’t think there’s a parallel universe where a sensible case can be made for Arsenal to win the Premier League. I think Arsenal are half a decade away from vaguely resembling something like that.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 