Budget supermarket chain Lidl is dishing out £25 vouchers for customers with a broadband connection. The new deal, which can be found via the Lidl Plus smartphone app, offers the free cash to spend in-store when users switch their current internet connection to something new. If you have the Lidl Plus app on your phone and fancy taking advantage of the offer then you simply need to launch the application, then tap "Partner offers" at the bottom of the screen. Here you'll find the deal with Lidl joining forces with Uswitch to help customers find the best discounts. If you're happy to continue, you'll need to click on the redeem link with Uswitch then asking for details such as your current provider, postcode and what features - such as speed, reliability and price - are most important to you. Once this is all filled in you'll see all the best broadband offers in your area. As long as you sign up via this service you'll then get the £25 credit added to the Lidl Plus app. READ MORE: Check your postcode NOW! You may be missing out on faster broadband at a very low price Here are some of the deals available via Uswitch and Lidl Plus: VODAFONEPRICE: £22 per monthINCLUDES: Average 67Mbps speeds and no set-up feeCONTRACT: 24-months TALKTALKPRICE: £23.50 per monthINCLUDES: Average 67Mbps speeds and no set-up feeCONTRACT: 24-months BTPRICE: £31.99 per monthINCLUDES: Average 67Mbps speeds and no set-up feeCONTRACT: 24-months PLUSNETPRICE: £24.99 per monthINCLUDES: Average 66Mbps speeds and no set-up feeCONTRACT: 24-months SKYPRICE: £26 per monthINCLUDES: Average 60Mbps speeds and no set-up feeCONTRACT: 24-months If none of these deals take your fancy don't panic. There is another offer available right now that beams the web into your living room without it costing a penny. Sky has recently launched a new offer that includes broadband for free, yes you did read that correctly! This deal lasts for the first six months of the contract and means you can currently get Sky Q, Netflix and broadband for under £30 per month - full details about this deal can be found here.