Liverpool may have to lower their asking price for Sadio Mane or risk souring relations with Bayern Munich. The Bavarian giants have reportedly introduced the Reds' 2020 swoop for Thiago Alcantara into negotiations, when they let him head to Anfield without much resistance, and they now hope that the goodwill is returned. Having tasted a bitter defeat in the Champions League final on Saturday, Mane is believed to be eyeing up a new challenge after six years with Liverpool. Ominously for Reds fans, he wished the club all the best in what seemed like a farewell message after the final whistle. Bayern Munich have been heavily linked to the Senegalese forward, and Mane could be their star name for next season with Robert Lewandowski set to leave the club. The two sides are believed to be some way apart on asking price, however, with the attacker approaching the final year of his contract. Liverpool have reportedly set the bar at £42.5million, while Bayern are hoping to pay closer to £34m for the 30-year-old. And they could use guilt trip tactics to get their wish as BILD claim that Bayern expect the Reds to take into account their seamless move for Thiago two years ago. JUST IN: Chelsea consider PSG raid amid fears Reece James could join Man City or Real Madrid The Spaniard's enormous talent has been on full display at Anfield this season, and Bayern are keen to remind Liverpool that they sanctioned the move without complicating matters. Lowering the asking price may therefore be the Reds' best next move if they want to keep things sweet with one of Europe's top clubs, who may be of use in the future. Jurgen Klopp regularly taps into the Bundesliga's best talent in the transfer market, having brought in the likes of Joel Matip, Ibrahima Konate and Naby Keita during his stint in charge. He recently signed a contract extension to remain on Merseyside until at least 2026, so fans can expect more of the same. DON'T MISSChelsea set for unexpected transfer boost after Real Madrid victoryIvan Perisic's Tottenham decision shows the struggle Chelsea haveTuchel's 'worst fears' at Chelsea become reality after Abramovich chat  With Mane's prospective exit will come the daunting job of finding his replacement. The versatile attacker has been Mohamed Salah's partner in crime for the last five seasons, representing the picture of consistency having hit double figures in every Premier League campaign, including the two he spent at Southampton. Barcelona's Ousmane Dembele, who is soon to be out of contract, is reportedly on Liverpool's radar as they scour the market for wingers who could step into Mane's shoes. The Frenchman may have to compromise on his wage demands to join up with Klopp's team, however, based on the club's strict pay structure. Salah knows about that all too well, as talks continue to stall over extending his contract with the Reds. The Egyptian's agent laughed off claims that the club had done all they could to reach an agreement, fuelling speculation that he could leave for free next summer. But Salah has committed his future to Liverpool for at least one more season, which is just as well for fans, who would have considered losing him and Mane in the same window unfathomable.