 Cleaning star Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, is a lifestyle and cleaning influencer with more than 4.4 million followers on Instagram. She became famous after sharing her cleaning tips and hacks on social media and TV. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips.  On one such group, Facebook user Catherine Bradford asked Mrs Hinch fans: “Hi can anyone help how I get this rust off the stainless steel. Thanks.” Catherine’s post was inundated with responses from Mrs Hinch fans. The most popular response was to use tomato ketchup and tinfoil. Jem Larder said: “Ketchup and tin foil. I've seen it before on here.”  READ MORE: Kate & William: Inside Adelaide Cottage- 'much better option' for home  Jasmine Bailey replied: “Tomato ketchup and scrunched tinfoil.” Debs Finlay commented: “Tinfoil - and if really bad - a bit of tomato sauce as well.” Elizabeth Phillips wrote: “Tomato sauce.” Jacqueline Nana Baker said: “Tomato ketchup.”  DON'T MISS'Optimal solution' How to clean washing machine drawer - white vinegar [INSIGHT]Cleaning: How to keep spiders out the home using ‘super easy’ way [UPDATE]‘Best move’ to get rid of pesky garden weeds fast [ANALYSIS] Catherine D C Hughes suggested: “Red sauce and tinfoil.” Hubbard's Foodstore Tomato Ketchup costs just 44p from Sainsbury’s. ASDA Smart Price Tomato Ketchup is just 42p. Morrisons Tomato Ketchup costs 80p. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Catherine ended up using the tinfoil and ketchup to clean her stainless steel chairs. In a photo she posted, the chairs looked brand new, despite having been covered in rust just moments before. Other recommendations from Mrs Hinch fans included using baking soda, cola, The Pink Stuff paste and a raw potato. Amanda Anthony said: “Crumple some tinfoil up and rub it on it, definitely works on chrome so worth a go.” Joanne Feather replied: “Bicarbonate of soda. Make into a paste with a drop of water and coat. “Leave for two hours and then rub off with a plastic sponge.”  Maggie Feibel commented: “I’ve heard coca cola can do it. “I’ve never tried myself though!” Lucia Carmen said: “Try something called The Pink Stuff. “It’s a tub that you can buy like a thick paste. “Take a damp cloth and take out a scoop of paste and rub all over the area. “Leave for recommended time and then wipe off with a wet cloth.” Emma Scannell suggested: “A raw potato is supposed to work on stainless steel rust.” Frances Brooks said: “I soak cloths in kitchen roll in white vinegar and press it on so it sort of sticks. “I keep wetting it with vinegar. I then rub it with tinfoil.”