Arsenal are preparing to make their first bid for Manchester City striker Gabriel Jesus, according to reports. Jesus could be the second Brazilian player Arsenal sign after they reached a 'full agreement' to buy Sao Paulo winger Marquinhos. Mikel Arteta is in the market for at least one striker this summer. Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah are both out of contract at the end of the season and could leave the Gunners on free transfers. Jesus is one of the top targets, with Arteta knowing the player well from his time as assistant manager to Pep Guardiola at the Etihad. And transfer expert Fabrizio Romano says Arsenal are readying their opening bid for the 25-year-old. Express Sport understands Arsenal are set to sign 19-year-old Marquinhos. And Romano says a deal has been completely agreed and the teenager will be making the move to the Emirates. READ MORE: Liverpool 'strike another Porto agreement' over £12.7m talent after Luis Diaz success  Marquinhos is set to sign a five-year contract to keep him in north London until 2027. The Gunners will pay between £2.5million and £3m for the young star. Following the news of his impending move to Arsenal, former Brazil midfielder Vampeta questioned why the deal was so cheap. Speaking on YouTube channel Jovem Pan Esportes, the 2002 World Cup winner said: “This is absurd. This is absurd. “Marquinhos’ business. They’re going to lose Marquinhos to Arsenal for €3m. "I don’t know if you remember that I used to say I watched Audax’s academy games, Marquinhos in the under-15… he used to already make the difference. I said here on the show, ‘There’s an U-15 at Sao Paulo, Marquinhos’… Now he’s going to leave on a silver platter.” DON'T MISSMan City boss Guardiola issues request to Southampton vs Liverpool after West Ham draw [INTERVIEW]Liverpool's triple transfer plan hints at new direction under Edwards successor [TRANSFERS]Anthony Martial looks set to be used in Man Utd swap deal as Erik ten Hag hatches plan [TRANSFERS]  Meanwhile, Romano did not say how much Arsenal's opening bid for Jesus will be. But City could be open to an exit as his contract expires in just over a year's time. Jesus was asked about his City future last month amid reports of a move to Arsenal. But he insisted he was fully focused on finishing the campaign on a high with his current club. He told the Guardian: "It’s not time to think about this, you expect me to say this, but it’s true. "This is no time to think about this. Now is the best moment of the season. "I want to enjoy, to keep focused on my team, with my teammates, to fight for the Premier League. I won it with my teammates three times. And I know how that feels and I want to have that feeling again." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 