Season five brought the Netflix historical drama to a cataclysmic conclusion earlier this year, though there is still one more final chapter for Uhtred of Bebbanburg (played by Alexander Dreymon) to go. As The Last Kingdom fans wait patiently for the upcoming feature film, Seven Kings Must Die, King Alfred star Timothy Innes has revealed some of the toughest moments from the set of the last season. Series regular Timothy revealed he didn’t want to act out a key scene at the end of The Last Kingdom’s eighth episode of season five. Towards the end of the final season, Uhtred finally learns of Aethelhelm’s (Adrian Schiller) location and launches an attack to rescue Aelfwynn (Phia Saban). However, Edward is cautious, and instead proposes to sacrifice Aelfywnn to Constantin (Rod Hallett) and split Northumbria in two. Discussing the dramatic turn for his character, Timothy likened Edward to a Marvel villain as Uhtred and their allies turned against him in this pivotal moment of the final season. READ MORE: NCIS LA Viewers left ‘speechless’ after deep fake culprit is exposed He recalled: “The end of episode eight when I’m, like, going against Uhtred and the Avengers… It was really, really horrible to play. “You just have all the characters turning against you, and you’re just the single guy.” Uhtred calls out Edward for cowardice, and finds the rest of his allies seem to be in agreement. Alhelm (James Northcote) refuses to sacrifice Aelfwynn, and even Edward’s own son, Aethelstan (Harry Gilby), accuses him of betraying his Christian faith. “I read that scene and the first time I read it I was like, ‘I don’t want to do this. I can’t, I don’t agree with this,'” Timothy told The Screen Chronicles podcast. “I read it and put the script down in my room and was like, ‘That’s not what I’ve been playing.'” The episode concludes with the whole council standing with the Mercian army, appalled with Edward’s decision to split Northumbria and lose Bebbanburg. Edward then decides to lock the council inside and threaten death on anyone who tries to leave, though Uhtred remains unfazed. DON'T MISS:Conversations With Friends star ‘confused’ by Irish phrases [INSIGHT]Bridgerton season 3 confirms Penelope and Colin romance [LATEST]Joan Collins recalls precious Queen item ‘stolen’ [INTERVIEW] As the fate of the kingdoms hangs in the balance, Timothy was shocked by his character’s complete change of values in the last crucial minutes. He explained: “My whole objective has been to unite the kingdoms as Alfred wanted. And this is just going against his whole thing. “So it took me… I had to really sit down with it, and think about it.” Although he initially disagreed with the sudden developments, he nevertheless gave a shout-out to the episode's writer for introducing such a dramatic twist for the final chapter. “Martha Hillier, who wrote the season, she wrote [the scene] for a reason,” he added. “And she’s a genius. “So I sat down with it and empathised with the situation, and got over my own ego. “I went to the character’s ego and found that part, which was good. Because it took, like, three and a half days to film.” Thankfully, Timothy was able to overcome his personal feelings for the scene and deliver a much-needed barnstorming performance for the biggest instalment of The Last Kingdom yet. The Last Kingdom seasons 1-5 are available to stream on Netflix. Seven Kings Must Die will be released in 2023.