The 40-year-old footballer's wife dramatically left the courtroom within minutes of Coleen Rooney's lawyer beginning his closing argument. Lawyer David Sherborne had accused Rebekah Vardy of destroying evidence and "lying under oath". Coleen's lawyer had also accused her of tampering with evidence by intentionally deleting WhatsApp messages between herself and her agent Caroline Watt. "It was done to cover up incriminating evidence," he told the court. "Mrs Vardy deliberately deleted those messages to cover up the collusion between her and Ms Watt.'' He continued that she had made the claim that the messages had vanished when she tried to export them to her lawyers - and was adamant that it could not have happened. READ NOW: Will Smith asked Jada Pinket Smith to be present for kissing scenes Experts backed up this version of events in court on Tuesday, saying that the messages could not have disappeared. Rebekah was the only one of the pair to have shown up to the trial today. Her husband Jamie Vardy was notably absent after delivering an explosive statement about Coleen's husband Wayne's testimony on Tuesday. Meanwhile Coleen and Wayne had jetted off on holiday with their four sons. Coleen has been a regular in the headlines for her love of exotic destinations over the years, often taking as many as 13 holidays over a one-year period. That left Rebekah on her own to hear Coleen's lawyer deliver his damning verdict - that she had allegedly "lied under oath". And it seemed as if the pressure had become too much for her when she made the decision to storm out. DON'T MISS... Phillip Schofield sparks divide amid Queen's Jubilee - 'Switched off!' [DEBATE] Dan Walker spurned by Sally Nugent as she refuses to appear in video [INSIGHT] Louise Minchin says husband's warning prompted Breakfast exit  [LATEST]  Rebekah maintains that she never leaked stories about Coleen to the media. She is suing her former friend for libel, but Coleen is insisting that her social media post accusing her of leaking information was "substantially true". Her lawyer pointed to "deliberate deletion of documents". He added that "no explanation has been given for this deliberate destruction of relevant evidence". Rebekah had arrived looking fashionable in a chic military-style blazer with gold buttons. She paired the smart ensemble with a green top. Meanwhile, Wayne and Coleen had been all smiles as they left the courtroom for the final time the previous day, apparently looking forward to their holiday. Coleen had sported a chic black dress, while Wayne had worn a smart suit. The trial continues.