  Three Men and a Baby actor Tom Selleck, 77, opened up about feeling shy when he first met his wife Jillie Mack, 64. The Friends star admitted that it was eventually Jillie who summoned up the courage to ask him out.      Tom met his second wife Jillie backstage at a performance of Cats, where she played the role of Rumpleteazer. The interaction changed his life, with Jillie deciding to make the first move by asking him for a drink. “She had to go on [stage]. I was hemming and hawing,” Tom recalled in an interview last year. “And she finally asked, ‘Do you want to meet for a cocktail?’” READ MORE: Jane Fonda, 84, reflects on 'final act' in career in new interview       The actor previously admitted to being “somewhat shy” around women and “not much of a ladies man” after his separation from first wife Jacqueline Ray in 1982. Nevertheless, he hit it off with Jillie and the pair went on to marry in 1987. The pair live together on a 65-acre ranch in Hidden Valley, California, where they grow avocados and raise horses. Tom purchased the property after shooting his final episodes of Magnum, P.I. in 1988, which was a huge moment in his career.      “He knew he needed to buy back his anonymity, to replenish the soul,” Jillie explained during the interview. Tom, who welcomed his daughter Hannah with his wife that same year, said he “quit Magnum to have a family.” “It took a long time to get off the train, but I try very hard to have balance, and this ranch has helped me do that,” he explained. The pair chose to raise their daughter, who is now in her early thirties, out of the spotlight. READ MORE... Steph McGovern and partner forced to make change due to daughter  [INSIGHT] Nicole Kidman, 54, looks almost unrecognisable in make-up free photo [UPDATE] Amber Heard's low-cut charity event dress she says sparked fury shown [LATEST]      Today, Hannah is an equestrian jumping champion and has reportedly also been studying for an MBA. Tom has also referred to himself as “pretty romantic” when it comes to his wife. Speaking about their life on the ranch together, he told Closer Weekly: “I get up before Jillie and put on the teakettle, so when she gets up, her tea water is hot.” Before Jillie, Tom was married to first wife Jacqueline between 1971 and 1982.      They met while he was an unknown actor and she was a model, and the pair welcomed a son named Kevin, who is now in his fifties. Tom has held many iconic roles over the years, including private investigator Thomas Magnum in Magnum, P.I., for which he received five Emmy Award nominations for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series, winning in 1985. He has also co-starred as New York City Police Commissioner Frank Reagan in the series Blue Bloods since 2010. His other memorable roles include Dr. Richard Burke in Friends and bachelor architect Peter Mitchell from 1987’s Three Men and a Baby.  