Everton have vowed to work with the authorities including the Merseyside Police after Brentford duo Ivan Toney and Rico Henry made public allegations that their families were racially abused. The Bees pair took to Twitter to show solidarity with their loved ones, who had travelled to Goodison Park to watch their relatives in action for Thomas Frank's fearless side. Although he did not get on the scoresheet, Toney was a real outlet in attack for Brentford all afternoon, assisting their first-half equaliser, while Henry netted the third with a fine header to seal all three points for the visitors. However, the excellent, spirited team display was sadly marred by the events off the field. Toney tweeted: "And for the man that racially abused my family I'll do everything I can to get you the punishment you deserve!" Everton's official account responded to Toney's post by declaring the club will carry out a full investigation into the incident: "There is no place in football - or society - for racism. We are assisting Merseyside Police to ensure the individual is identified and dealt with appropriately." READ MORE: Erik ten Hag 'terminates Ajax contract six weeks early' to kickstart Man Utd revolution Goalscorer Henry also posted on his own account: "Great result from the boys! Hostile atmosphere but nothing new, Proud of the boys & to score the winning goal right in front of our away fans feels extra special. "Never usually speak out on things that don’t physically harm me or my family but to see my mom upset after being racially abused by a few Everton fans brought fire to my stomach! "I will do anything for them and whatever it takes to get the small minority punished! This is not acceptable and must be investigated immediately." Brentford have since released the following statement: “We are aware of an incident where racist abuse was directed towards family members of our players. A report has been made to both the police and to Everton FC. “Brentford FC condemns all forms of discrimination and racist abuse in the strongest possible terms. We will offer our support to Rico’s and Ivan’s families and will fully co-operate with the investigation and any subsequent legal proceedings.” READ MOREMan City boss Pep Guardiola issues request to Southampton vs Liverpool after West Ham drawErik ten Hag snubs Ajax end-of-season trip as 'there is a lot to do' at Manchester UnitedBarcelona chief speaks out on prospect of Frenkie de Jong completing Man Utd transfer Everton had taken the lead the Dominic Calvert-Lewin got the final touch on Richarlison's flick across goal. But Brentford responded well and were handed a way back into the game when last-man Jarrad Branthwaite brought down Toney before receiving a straight red card. The Bees were then level when Yoane Wissa's goal-bound effort was diverted in by the head of Seamus Coleman. Richarlison then restored the lead for 10-man Everton from the penalty spot, when he sent David Raya the wrong way to send Goodison Park into pandemonium. After the interval, Wissa glanced home to equalise for the Bees in front of the travelling supporters and moments later, it would get even better... Darting into the box, wing-back Henry timed his run to perfection to head past Jordan Pickford in what would eventually proved to be the winner. Everton were then reduced to nine men when substitute Salomon Rondon was shown a straight red card for a two-footed tackle on Henry. Brentford frontman Toney also took the chance to mock Everton fans for their 3.30am firework display outside the team hotel in the early hours of Sunday morning. He wrote on Twitter: "Lovely display from the boys but not as good as the fireworks late last night. Normally I’m being woke up by my son but fireworks was a new one. Big 3 points!! Fans right behind us. Onto next week." Pontus Jansson later added: "You could at least do it more than 10 seconds!" Everton were then reduced to nine men when substitute Salomon Rondon was shown a straight red card for a two-footed tackle on Henry. Brentford frontman Toney also took the chance to mock Everton fans for their 3.30am firework display outside the team hotel in the early hours of Sunday morning. He wrote on Twitter: "Lovely display from the boys but not as good as the fireworks late last night. Normally I’m being woke up by my son but fireworks was a new one. Big 3 points!! Fans right behind us. Onto next week."