Piers Morgan, 57, unleashed his fury at Victoria Beckham, 48, after she admitted that her husband David Beckham, 48, loves her "curvier" figure and her realisation that being "thin is old-fashioned". Piers took to his Uncensored show to slate "Nosh Spice", as he scathingly insisted he's seen "more curves on a Roman road" than in the very slim models who have debuted her fashion collections on runways. Piers voiced his opinion on the Brain Dump section of his TalkTV show last night. He began: "Sometimes, news stories are so absurd they look more like satirical parodies. "I honestly thought someone was winding me up when I saw a headline that Spice Girl turned fashion designer Victoria Beckham had declared wanting to be thin is an old-fashioned attitude. "Women today want to look healthy and curvy, she told Grazia magazine as she unveiled her new collection." READ MORE: Will Smith asked Jada Pinket Smith to be present for kissing scenes Piers, paused, then exclaimed: "To which I say, sorry WHAT? "Is this the same Victoria Beckham notorious for literally eating a salad leaf for lunch. "And the same Victoria Beckham, more pertinently, who puts on catwalk shows with models like this." Piers then showed on the screen behind him a picture of a rather thin woman that Victoria was using to model her collection. He continued: "For many years she has deliberately used skeletal, gaunt, hollow, cheat models to flog her fashion, which I regularly criticised as a horribly dangerous inspiration to tens of millions of young girls who follow Victoria Beckham on social media. "And I suspect this sudden U-turn to celebrating curvier bodies is more connected to her struggling business which has lost millions and never made a profit than her dramatic conversion to the aesthetic charms of the larger lady. "As this latest cover of Sports Illustrated shows, bigger is the new thinner and where all the fashion money is now going. "Meanwhile, these are the women currently modeling Victoria's new VB body range. I've seen more curves on a Roman road. DON'T MISS.... Coleen Rooney is 'different mother and wife' after her famous tweet [COMMENT] Emmerdale star Liam Fox shows off fairytale home with co-star wife [INSIGHT] Eva Longoria, 47, bares her braless body at Cannes Film Festival [PICS] He concluded: "So stick a cork in your body positive preaching Posh I see right through the very little of you!" This comes as Victoria said in a new interview that women of today no longer want to be thin, as they want "some boobs and a bum". Victoria's VB Body range, featuring tight knit jersey dresses and separates - was in fact designed with a curvaceous figure in mind. She also admitted that David "loves" her in these new curvaceous dresses, as she continues to exercise with her husband. Victoria continued: "Much as I do dress for myself, I also love the fact that he [David] loves me in these dresses. Men love to see a bit of shape." The former Spice Girls singer's comments over curvier figures comes just after David told the River Cafe Table 4 podcast that his wife has eaten the same meal for 25 years. He revealed: "I get quite emotional about food and wine. When I’m eating something great, I want everyone to try it. "Unfortunately, I'm married to someone who has eaten the same thing for the last 25 years. "Since I've met Victoria, she only eats grilled fish [and] steamed vegetables. She'll very rarely deviate away from there."