On Sunday, Meghan Markle, 40, cheered on Prince Harry, 37, as his team went head-to-head with Klentner Ranch at the Santa Barbara Polo & Racquet Club. The couple hosted the special charity polo match to support a number of local charities including Heal the Ocean and CALM4kids. For the occasion, Meghan sported white summer shorts, a black polka dot blouse and a black belt. She wore her hair in a wavy style and accessorised with red lipstick, big sunglasses and a black wide-brimmed hat. The Duke of Sussex appeared in his element playing alongside his teammates including captain Nacho Figueras, who has previously spoken out in support of Harry and Meghan. Harry’s team Los Padres triumphed at the match, and Meghan was spotted climbing aboard the podium to present them with the Lisle Nixon Memorial trophy. To congratulate the team, Meghan kissed the cheek of each member of the team while Harry waited patiently at the end of the line for his wife to reach him. When it came to her husband, Meghan took his face in her hands and planted a kiss on his mouth. Meghan was wearing red lipstick at the time and appeared to notice that some of it had transferred during the kiss. The Duchess was then spotted giving Harry's lips a wipe with her fingers in an intimate moment watched by the crowd of spectators. Meghan was then seen smiling coyly and giggling at their display of affection in front of the crowd. READ MORE: Queen still hopes to attend Chelsea Flower Show today alongside Sophie Royal biographer Angela Levin tweeted her reaction to this moment, claiming it was “embarrassing” for the Duke. Ms Levin, who wrote ‘Harry: Conversations with the Prince’, took to Twitter to say: “Why did M wipe Harry's face when it's prize giving time? “How embarrassing for him.” Others defended Meghan, including Lester B Honest who wrote: “After kissing him she then wipes the lipstick off his lips. Every wife does that.” While @AmyAberdeen said: “She got lipstick on him. She air kissed the other prize winner but then lip kissed Hazza whilst covering the kiss with her hands.” One more called @squeezpea wrote: “Are you saying you have never kissed anyone and left lipstick behind?” DON'T MISS ‘Like the Full Monty!’ Royal expert in hysterics over Charles dancing [INSIGHT] Queen in tears after Lady Louise's touching tribute to Prince Philip [REPORT] Pragmatic Princess Anne's missing out on top spot is 'sad for Britain' [REVEAL] Harry is expected to join his teammate Nacho Figueras, Juan Guerrero and Keko Magrini to play an entire 12 goal polo season in Santa Barbara this summer. Mr Figueras was among those who attended Meghan and Harry’s wedding in 2018 and has remained firm friends with the Sussexes. After playing in a tournament together last month, Nacho took to Instagram to pay tribute to his and Harry’s long-lasting friendship. He wrote: “Thrilled to be riding alongside my friend, Prince Harry, and the rest of the Los Padres team at the Santa Barbara Polo Club's Harry East Memorial Tournament. “We’ve ridden together many times over the years and now that we’re both parents, it’s extra special to be able to spend this time together. “The name Los Padres was inspired by the proximity of the field to the Los Padres National Forest and also by our connection as fathers.” Harry recently joined the polo team after having played the sport for most of his life alongside his brother William, 39. Prince Philip started the family tradition of playing polo by giving his son Prince Charles a mallet at the age of fifteen. The Prince of Wales began competing four years later, becoming an avid player and experiencing many injuries throughout his career before retiring in 2015. Like many social sporting events, polo has also become synonymous with charity fundraisers. In 2018, Prince Harry participated in the Sentebale Polo Cup and he and Meghan shared a kiss on the podium at the event, hosted at the Royal County of Berkshire Polo Club.