Below Deck Mediterranean has made a comeback with season six on E4 and many familiar faces have returned. Onboard the Lady Michelle, Katie Flood replaced Hannah Ferrier as Chief Stewardess. Hannah has just married her partner Josh Roberts and Express.co.uk has all you need to know.  Hannah Ferrier is a fan favourite in the reality TV series, which sees the crew tour Croatia in season six. Viewers were sad to hear Hannah would be stepping down from her post for the season, which is now airing in the UK. She may not be a part of the show any more, but fans are still keen to find out about what she is up to now. In March 2022 she tied the knot with Josh Roberts, and the pair are parents to daughter Ava Grace. They got married on March 26 in Sydney, Australia. READ MORE: BBC Breakfast blasted over ‘poor’ Sturgeon interview Hannah shared some photos from their big day on Instagram, saying: "What a day. What a man." Josh proposed to the reality star after more than two years of dating, in November 2020. On May 1, Hannah shared a photo of her adorable family as she wished her husband a happy 40th birthday. She can be seen kissing her husband on the cheek as he holds their daughter in his arms. They are standing in front of two balloons displaying the number 40.   Josh does not appear to be easily located on social media, but Hannah has given plenty of insight into their romance. She spoke to E! News about her wedding day, during which Josh honoured his Scottish roots by wearing a kilt. Opening up about how they met, she said they came across each other at a Sydney bar. She said: "We had a glass of wine and then we went for dinner the next night and then we caught up for drinks after the races the night after that. "And then we just spent, like, seven days seeing each other for something each day." DON'T MISS... Below Deck's Captain Sandy's cancer diagnosis discovered after crash [INTERVIEW] Below Deck's Malia delights fans with unlikely Bobby reunion: 'Love' [INSIGHT] Below Deck Sailing Yacht fans ‘saddened’ after Gabby exit's after spat [DISCUSSION] On the one time they spent the evening apart, Hannah said they still texted each other the whole night. At the time, Josh was none the wiser that Hannah was a TV star herself. But when she did finally tell him, she said the whole thing was no big deal. Josh told the publication: "I think she's pretty much who she is on the show, but it is obviously a show." Hannah and her husband are embracing family life since she made her last appearance on Below Deck Med. In February she posted a photo of the pair, with Josh in a kilt once again, saying: "A little throwback to a time when Josh wouldn’t let me post photos of him on social media. "Only a few months till he puts the kilt back on for our wedding." Below Deck Mediterranean is airing on E4 on weekdays in the UK.   