Andrew Neil caught Jonathan Ashworth red-handed on his lack of apology amid the 2019 General Election, as he then campaigned to get former Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn elected as Prime Minister. The broadcaster confronted Mr Ashworth on his show: "Two and a half years ago, you campaigned to make Mr Corbyn Prime Minister. But you haven’t apologised to the British people for that." In his defence, Mr Ashworth said: "I remember two years and a half ago being caught out, expressing my opinions on how I thought it would help in that general election. "Look, he was elected leader of the Labour party. "I was offered a post to defend our national health service, to campaign on our national health service. "I still think it was important to campaign for the national health service but the British people made their judgement in the end", Mr Ashworth added. Andrew Neil continued: "You wanted a man to be Prime Minister whom your party has decided is an uneven fit to hold the Labour whip. "I mean, doesn’t that require if not an apology which can be overdone apologies in our political culture, it requires at least an explanation and some contrition?", Mr Neil asked. Mr Ashworth wiggled: "Well, he was never going to be Prime Minister. "The British people expressed their opinion on whether he should be Prime Minister." READ MORE: Left has no ambition, positivity or pride - just moaning and blaming  Cutting him off, Andrew Neil mocked: “You supported that at the time.” "I did", Mr Ashworth conceded, adding in a burst of laughter: "Actually, that was the problem." In the backdrop of Russia’s ongoing invasion of Ukraine, Andrew Neil further asked whether Jeremy Corbyn as Prime Minister would have stood up against Putin, supported Ukraine and encouraged Sweden and Finland to join NATO. "Do you think any of that would’ve been done by Britain under Prime Minister Corbyn?", Mr Neil challenged Mr Ashworth. DON'T MISS:Red Wall Tory MP fights back over food bank row [ANALYSIS]I won’t take any lectures from Left over food bank row - LEE ANDERSON [REPORT]Labour braced for 'mad scramble' if Starmer forced out [REPORT] "Jeremy Corbyn wasn’t going to be Prime Minister", Mr Ashworth repeated. "Polls show that consistently. "And I wanted to help Labour MPs get across the line and not lose their seats." In 2019, the Labour Party suffered their worst election defeat since 1935.