No10 defended Liverpool fans after members of Emmanuel Macron's cabinet blamed the football supporters for riot police being deployed outside the Stade de France on Saturday night. Shambolic scenes outside the ground saw supporters with tickets made to wait in huge queues until after the match began. Footage on social media appeared to show people climbing over barriers as crowds built up, and the kick-off was delayed by more than 30 minutes. Police carrying shields and riot gear moved then into the area and used tear gas, leaving some fans holding their eyes. The Prime Minister today threw his weight behind an inquiry into how police reacted as his spokesman said first-hand accounts from the night "don't chime" with the claims being made by the French government and Uefa, the European football governing body. Mr Macron's sports minister Amelie Oudea-Castera claimed a "mass gathering" of supporters with "fake tickets" for the match between Liverpool and Real Madrid had forced police to intervene. READ MORE: French 'lies' about Liverpool fans - Calls for UEFA to probe  "What happened, first of all, was this mass gathering of the British supporters of the Liverpool club, without tickets, or with fake tickets," she told French radio RTL today. Meanwhile, France's interior minister Gerald Darmanin blamed Liverpool Football Club for the management of the arrival of its fans. He added that out of the 29 or 30 or so people arrested following the chaos, "more than a half concerned British citizens". UEFA initially stated the late arrival of Liverpool fans was responsible for a delay in the match's kick off. The Prime Minister's official spokesman said today: "We know many Liverpool fans travelled to Paris in good time to support their team in one of the biggest matches of the season and we are hugely disappointed by how they were treated. "Fans deserve to know what happened, so we are urging Uefa to work closely with the French authorities on a full investigation and to publish those findings." DON'T MISS:Britons fume at French authorities over travel chaos [REACTION]Liverpool MP recalls horror of 'police brutality: 'Begging security' [WATCH]Piers Morgan slams French police for ‘tear gassing’ Liverpool fans [UPDATE]  Describing the scenes as "deeply upsetting and disturbing", he added: "We have obviously seen reports since Saturday of fans who were given authorised tickets from the club not being able to gain entry to the stadium. "That is exactly why we need a full investigation into what happened and the findings made public. "We have seen statements from UEFA which also claim that the later kick-off was caused by the late arrival of fans. "That doesn't chime with the experience of many of those standing outside the stadium, so we need a full investigation to get to the bottom of what happened."  A growing number of UK politicians have demanded an official investigation be launched, with Liverpool West Derby MP Ian Byrne saying organisers need to ensure "the scenes that we experienced on Saturday are never ever replicated again at any sporting occasion". Mayor of Liverpool Joanne Anderson described the behaviour of French police as "absolutely disgusting" and has demanded an apology for their treatment. She added: "It was absolutely shambolic but also the police behaviour was also really brutal. "You want your fans to be able to go safely away from the game as well, and police are there to guide you. "So for me, not only was it a shambolic organisation of the event, but absolutely disgusting behaviour from the police." 