Carol Kirkwood flashed her engagement ring to BBC Breakfast viewers on Monday morning after her partner popped the question while they were on holiday together. Her co-stars Sally Nugent and Jon Kay were thrilled for Carol and an influx of colleagues and followers showered the weather reporter with messages on her social media following the announcement. However, the Scottish presenter was thrown off guard on Tuesday when Jon teased her about her engagement. Jon and Sally said they wished they could have been at the Chelsea Flower Show on Monday to see all of the stunning plants and "give Carol a hug" while hosting Tuesday's instalment of the BBC news programme.When Carol appeared via video link to deliver a weather update from the Chelsea Flower Show, Jon was quick to ask her about her engagement following Monday's excitement.He teased: "Any more bombshells this morning?"Carol started laughing and replied: "No, no, no more bombshells. Just the weather" READ MORE: Piers Morgan defends Meghan and Harry during Prince Andrew row Prior to teasing her about her engagement news, Jon asked: "How was your day?" Carol beamed: "My day was lovely thank you, Jon, it was really nice. "It was so special being at the Chelsea Flower Show as well." Carol tried to bring the report back to the weather and said: "It was really apt that there was a bee in that last picture because there are a lot of bees around."  Jon and Sally noticed Carol's engagement ring on Monday's instalment of BBC Breakfast which sent fans into a frenzy. Sally remarked: "I'm a bit concerned about how you're standing up with a giant rock on that left hand." "Thank you Sal! It is rather nice. I got engaged!" Carol confirmed as she flashed her ring and smiled. Sally continued: "It's the happiest news! We are so, so delighted. Congratulations. DON'T MISS...Carol Kirkwood hits back at Dan Walker's 'cheeky' remark [LATEST]BBC Weather: Breeze to bring mercury down as UK battered by more thund [WEATHER]Carol Kirkwood on ‘shocking’ divorce before meeting 'soulmate' [INSIGHT] Sally asked Carol to confirm the engagement with BBC viewers. "Oh thank you! I think you just have Sally," Carol giggled. "We got engaged when we were on holiday. So it's lovely news and we're both thrilled. Thank you!" The entire studio applauded Carol after she confirmed the news and showed off her ring.  Swarms of followers and colleagues flocked to Carol's Twitter to congratulate the BBC Breakfast favourite. Her BBC co-star Mike Bushell commented: "Wow, what fabulous news to wake up to today. Huge congratulations to a wonderful friend and colleague @carolkirkwood so chuffed for you on your engagement." Former BBC Breakfast host Dan Walker said: "Carol Kirkwood is the best of us. Delighted she has found someone who can handle her headlock hugs. Congratulations Carol. If you get married live on #BBCBreakfast can I come back for a one-off?" BBC Breakfast continues on weekdays at 6am on BBC One. 