During her time on A Place in the Sun, Channel 4 host Danni Menzies has helped many house hunters find their dream holiday home abroad. The expert has travelled to many exotic countries since she joined the show in 2016. However, in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Danni admitted she "panics" when a house search doesn't go to plan. The 33-year-old explained that when she meets her house hunters, they often have an idea of what they are looking for. Whether it is a property with sea views or located near bars and restaurants, sometimes the buyers often change their minds when they are looking at homes. "It’s tough because you never know what people are going to love or what they're not going to love and priorities always change drastically," Danni began. "They're on location and you're seeing things in real life, so you think you want one thing and then you get there and something else becomes more important." READ MORE: Colin Murray to replace Anne Robinson on Countdown in temporary role During each episode of A Place in the Sun, the property experts always show the guests their top five holiday homes which fit their criteria. However, Danni admitted if she fails to impress the house hunters, she starts to "panic" as producers "scramble" to find a backup of properties. She continued: "We cut to the house hunters when we are viewing a property, but we try to kind of predict what they might think or say or a feel where we actually see it. "We have the properties you see on the show but we also have a backup selection as well." "There is sometimes a scramble to change how we film things in order to do the best by the house hunters," Danni added. "Sometimes we have some good back-ups and sometimes we have to make some phone calls late at night." She went on to explain: "If they like all five (properties) it’s like, ‘Are you taking this seriously?’ Because you can’t love everything. "I find it okay if they don’t like a couple but if you get to property three and they don’t like one of those, then you start to panic a bit and you're like, 'Oh, God, are we doing it right?'" DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan’s new show battered by GB News in ratings [NEWS]Brenda Blethyn sets record straight on Vera stunt double [INSIGHT]Lorraine Kelly hits out at ‘really distasteful’ imitation [VIDEO] Earlier this year, Danni shared the news she would be leaving A Place in the Sun after six years. The presenter explained that she wanted to step away from her role on the show to focus on more projects closer to home. Despite leaving the Channel 4 programme, fans will still be able to see Danni as some of her episodes are yet to air. "I've got plenty of new shows coming out in the next series," Danni explained in a statement. She added: "So although I've finished filming, it's not quite the end of me on the show yet!" It is unclear whether show bosses will replace Danni on the show, although, they recently added two new presenters to the line-up. Leah Charles-King and Craig Rowe are the latest experts added to the team. Speaking about whether Danni could be replaced, fellow expert Lee Juggurnauth said: “I think in terms of… as far as I know, they brought in Leah, Craig and myself and they're a great addition to the team,” “But I don't think there'll be any more additions to the team because I think we've got quite a good dynamic now.” A Place in the Sun airs weekdays at 3pm on Channel 4.