Tennis star Nick Kyrgios has revealed he will be getting married ‘very soon’, whilst showing off his new tattoo in tribute to his partner Costeen Hatzi. Kyrgios confirmed his romance with Hatzi following an Instagram post at the end of 2021. The pair have been dating since and have been inseparable, with the 22-year-old an ever-present at the Australian star’s tennis outings - including his historic Australian Open doubles victory back in January. Just five months on from when their relationship was made official, it seems Kyrgios can already hear wedding bells ringing. As a result, the 27-year-old gave his fans the chance to in a question and answer session on his Instagram account, with one follower asking when he and Hatzi were going to tie the knot. Kyrgios hinted that it could well be coming around sooner rather than later, after he responded: “very soon,” along with a heart and ring emoji. Whilst the 2022 Australian Open doubles champion hasn’t officially confirmed his engagement, the use of the ring emoji has only added fuel to the speculation, after his partner was spotted donning an eye-catching ring in recent months. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic details splitting with sponsors and explains call to head of Lacoste Further indication that the pair see a long and happy future together came when Kyrgios revealed his new tattoo to his fans. As a result, the 26-year-old has had Hatzi’s first name tattooed onto his leg. Eagle-eyed followers first spotted Kyrgios’ ink last month following an Instagram post. Four months on from his victory in Melbourne, Kyrgios will not be repeating his heroics in the next Grand Slam on the calendar with the French Open kicking off this week. The Australian has not played in the famous Paris event in four years, but did confirm he would return in 2023. DON'T MISSRoger Federer reveals Rafael Nadal phone call as he lays out plan to emulate his rivalRafael Nadal warns Novak Djokovic he's at French Open for 14th title despite injury woesRafael Nadal has Real Madrid vs Liverpool final ticket 'ready' despite French Open overlap  Per Sports Illustrated he said: “Next year, I am gonna go to Paris. I’m announcing that now. I’m going to the French Open… I haven’t played that in four years. So, I’ll be back next year.” The Australian added that one factor in his decision to return to Roland Garros in 2023, is Hatzi’s hopes of visiting Paris. He continued: “My girlfriend just wants to see Paris. So yeah, I mean I’ll just play the French Open as well. Revealing why is hasn’t committed to the 2022 event he said: “Well, we kind of already decided to go home and have that time. You know, we just working towards that. The time at home is crucial because the next trip is three months. That time at home is so valuable… we’re both very family-orientated so we have to make sure that circle remains tight.”