Fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch have shared their hacks once again for removing limescale. Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, is a cleaning expert and lifestyle influencer with more than 4.4 million followers on Instagram. She often shares her cleaning tips on the social media platform as well as DIY, gardening and tidying tips. Fans of hers have also shared their own tips on social media via groups dedicated to cleaning hacks. On one such group, Adele Fotheringham asked: “Best way to get stubborn water marks off a glass shower screen? “Tried a scrub daddy with Elbow Grease also washing up liquid, seems to be engrained.” Adele’s post was inundated with more than 30 comments from Mrs Hinch fans. READ MORE: Are there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow The most suggested tip was to use a product called Viakal. Lisa Macdonald said: “Spray on Viakal and Flash bathroom. “Scrub with scourer side of a Minky.” Louise Andrews commented: “Viakal should sort it out.  DON'T MISSKate & William: Inside Adelaide Cottage- 'much better option' for home [INSIGHT]How to use tea bags to deter cats and foxes from ruining your garden [UPDATE]Royal Family's favourite flowers and poignant meanings explained [ANALYSIS] “Open the window and spray your screen with Viakal. “Leave for 15 minutes or so and then using a non-abrasive scourer, rub in circular motions all over. “Then wash off with hot water and leave to dry.” Sharon Julie said: “Viakal.” Lena Warrilow commented: “Mine was really bad, Viakal removed it all.” Emma Rogers wrote: “Scrub with Viakal then rinse good. “Then white vinegar and buff with glass cloth.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Viakal Limescale Remover Disinfectant Spray costs £2 from Sainsbury’s. Viakal Limescale Remover Spray also costs £2 from ASDA. Viakal Vinegar Limescale Remover Spray is £3 from Ocado. Viakal Bathroom 3-in-1 Bathroom Cleaner Spray is £2.50 from Wilko. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using deionised water, Pink Stuff, Harpic Black and white vinegar. Patsy O'Sullivan said: “Deionised water.” Janice Arch commented: “Pink stuff bathroom spray and a toothbrush works wonders for me.” Sharon Beardmore wrote: “If it's been on for a while, it may not come off.  “Harpic Black is very strong if this doesn't get it off nothing will. “When using it, keep it off hands and chrome as it will damage it. “As it's really for down the loo, take care.” Shells Hayward said: “I’m a professional cleaner, I use a brillo pad or soap pad.” Lucia Watson replied: “Distilled white vinegar.” Jane Moutrey said: “I use white vinegar. “Spray on, rub in with damp cloth then polish with a clean cloth. “Works for mirrors and windows too.”