Air fryers are popping up in kitchens across the nation as shops become more savvy to their popularity. While air fryers used to be a luxury item, many supermarkets and shops are now selling them at affordable prices. For those who don’t have one, an air fryer is like a mini convection oven in that it creates delicious, crispy food without deep-frying or adding extra calories. People often use air fryers to cook chips, breaded vegetables and fish and even steaks and pizza. One of the biggest difficulties people have faced with their new air fryers is cleaning them. Some air fryers contain more elements, making them more tricky to clean. For this method, we used a simple solution of water and £1 Fairy Liquid. Fairy Liquid can be bought from Sainsbury’s, ASDA and Tesco for £1. READ MORE: ‘They won’t come back’: How to remove dandelions from lawns Homeowners could try using another brand of washing up liquid if they don’t have Fairy. My air fryer was in a sorry state, having cooked sweet potato fries in it days before. The air fryer’s basket was covered in crumbs, chunks of food debris and grease. It’s worth noting that my air fryer is the Ambiano air fryer from ALDI.  DON'T MISSAlan Titchmarsh shares incredible ‘story’ behind greenhouse flowers [INSIGHT]London towns ranked worst and best places to live in 2022 [UPDATE]Royal residences ranked: The one house more popular than Windsor [ANALYSIS] Before trying this hack, remember to read the air fryer manufacturer’s guidelines for cleaning. The first thing homeowners need to do is put their washing up liquid into the air fryer basket. I liberally spread it across the whole basket. Next, fill a jug with warm water. I used just over one pint to fill the basket under halfway. Do not fill the air fryer basket with too much water as this could overflow and become dangerous. Close the air fryer drawer, and put the air fryer on for three minutes at its regular temperature. I set mine at 180C which is the temperature I normally use when cooking with it. Turn the air fryer on and wait three minutes for the solution to work its magic. At this point, I did notice some steam emanating from the air fryer basket but it soon disappeared.  After three minutes, I turned off the air fryer, switched it off at the mains and removed the basket. Tipping away the liquid from the air fryer into the sink I noticed the amount of grime, crumbs and grease in the water. I gave the air fryer basket a quick rinse before drying it with a tea towel. The air fryer basket looked brand new and was free of any food debris - and all in under five minutes.