Joanna Lumley, 76, is "utterly thrilled" to be involved in Queen Elizabeth's, 96, Platinum Jubilee celebrations. In a new interview, the Absolutely Fabulous star praised the Queen for "keeping her promise" to serve our country and has "never wavered from it". Joanna will present live from the Platinum Jubilee Pageant and the Jubilee Big Lunch alongside veteran broadcasters Kay Burley and Alastair Bruce. Speaking about her happiness to be involved in such a historic day, she said: "The Queen made a promise when she was terribly young, she said her whole life would be in service of us, her people and she would never falter and never waver from it and she never has. "I can't think of anybody who's ever made a promise like that in public and kept to it. So I'm a great fan of the Queen, I just think she's remarkable. READ MORE: Jay Blades bids farewell to TV show after 'final episode' "She's a pretty special person and I think we would all love to be loved by the Queen and I think she loves us all. "I think she looks at her people, not only the people here but the people of the Commonwealth and anybody who looks up to her, I think she treats them all with love, so I love her for that." Joanna couldn't contain her excitement to be involved in the celebrations for a woman she "hugely admires". The actress also said the upcoming celebrations are something the country needs after the Covid-19 pandemic and the cost-of-living crisis. She said: "We've all had such a miserable two years, and we emerged from the darkness and found ourselves facing the most horrific war and in this country such deprivation and anxiety. "I think we've just got to say for the five days, let's kick up your heels and make it all work, make it happy, make the Queen know how thrilled we are with her", she told the PA agency. Joanna will be presenting the event for Sky News. She also recently revealed that when she was younger she dreamed of becoming the Prime Minister. DON'T MISS... Donny Osmond’s wife made him sleep alone after Dancing With The Stars [INSIGHT] Rhian Sugden's says its 'unbearable to walk' as assets grown 'so big' [COMMENT] Casey Affleck's partner Caylee Cowan puts on a busty display at Cannes [PICS] As part of a new Guide Dogs campaign, a host of famous faces have recalled their childhood career ambitions. Joanna revealed that she had a number of different career ambitions during her childhood. "I wanted to be prime minister, a brain surgeon, a famous explorer and a pirate," she said. "But then I discovered that, as an actress, it was rather easy to be all these things – and a queen, wicked aunt, Tiger Lily, singing cow, ghost and rag doll as well. "Hey diddly dee! An actor’s life for me!" Guide Dogs has launched its Every Dream Counts campaign with the hope of providing tools and inspiration to children with visual impairments who are concerned that their disability will hold them back from finding their dream job. Broadcaster and journalist Eamonn Holmes said: "From the age of 10 I wanted to be a broadcast journalist. "This was borne out of seeing the (Northern Ireland) Troubles developing around me and being reported on television. I always had this mission to explain within me."