Two-time US Open winner Curtis Strange has urged Rory McIlroy to maintain his positive momentum in order to challenge for glory at this weekend's PGA Championship after being grouped with Tiger Woods and Jordan Spieth for the first two rounds at the Southern Hills Country Club. McIlroy has not claimed the grand prize at any major since 2014 but will be looking to build on his impressive final-day showing at last month's Masters by going one better over the course of this weekend's event in Oklahoma. The 33-year-old came agonisingly close to breaking his duck at the Masters but fell just short to eventual winner Scottie Scheffler despite registering a score of seven under-par at Augusta. Strange has since insisted that although McIlroy has certainly shown his mettle over the course of this year to date, he could reap the rewards of staying in a positive frame of mind in order to finally produce a title-winning effort at the PGA Championship at the next time of asking."I saw him play at Augusta and he played quite well," Strange exclusively told Express Sport when quizzed on McIlroy's hopes of victory at Southern Hills. "I think Augusta was a little bit of an anomaly in that the weather was so poor."You could have been on top of your game and the weather will just get to you. Wind, rain, frustration. But he did finish second, he played a good last round. JUST IN: Phil Mickelson reputation ruined after historic PGA Championship win "We said last year that playing well on the Sunday can propel a player with some confidence to continue playing well. He finished well [at this month's Wells Fargo Championship] in another week that was terrible weather."With everything being equal I think the weather should be nice out in Tulsa, which helps everybody in golf. When you’re loose and worn and not in fighting condition it certainly makes it more playable for everybody and your talent can shine. "I think Rory’s doing just fine, I don’t think he needs to do anything [differently], he just needs to put it all together. Is it physical, is it some confidence? It’s such a fine line between making or missing that par putt or that birdie putt and it could just be mental, belief in yourself, confidence."He’s certainly heading in the right direction, finishing high enough, and even though he hasn’t won [a tournament in 2022] playing well is good for the confidence."Meanwhile, it remains to be seen whether McIlroy will be able to pip the likes of Woods, Spieth and newly-crowned Masters champion Scheffler to the honours at the PGA Championship over the course of this weekend's event. He will be desperate to get off to a strong start on Thursday in order to put himself in contention for the trophy that was most recently won by Phil Mickleson, who recently pulled out of this year's tournament amid his involvement with the controversial Saudi-backed rival golf league. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE