Up to 40 percent of Scotland’s schools have not been looked at for more than a decade, according to the Largs and Millport weekly. One in North Ayrshire has not been inspected since September 2008. Another, Skelmorlie Primary, has waited even longer – since December 2007, which is almost 15 years. Largs-based MP Jamie Greene described this as a “dereliction of duty”. He said many teachers and parents are concerned and insisted SNP leaders at Holyrood are not doing enough to solve the party. Mr Greene wrote in a post on Twitter: “It's beggars belief that some local schools haven’t been inspected for over 15 years! “That is a huge dereliction of duty which will rightly concern many parents and teachers.” Concerns have been further raised due to the passing of the Covid pandemic and the damage done to education by Government-imposed lockdowns. Educational reports reveal children are far behind where they school be, both academically and socially. Much pressure is, as such, being piled on schools to pick up the pieces. READ MORE: 'Get a proper job': Tory MP challenges anti-Brexit protester in row Mr Greene told the weekly paper this should boost the SNP to do all it can for schools to be as well equipped as they can be. But, he said: “Our Government is obsessing over constitutional matters and blaming others for its failures.” Ms Sturgeon continues to insist a second Scottish independence referendum will be held before the end of 2023. DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] Reports suggest, however, she will hit roadblocks, with Prime Minister Boris Johnson suggesting now is not the right time for another vote. Former Labour MP Tom Harris wrote in the Telegraph the SNP leader had “admitted defeat” by claiming a referendum would only be held if it was legal. On education, Mr Greene said the Scottish nationalists had identified some of the issues affecting the education system. But he insisted the SNP was doing nothing other than talk to fight against these. He asked: “SNP Ministers have admitted that Education Scotland isn’t fit for purpose, but what are they actually doing about it.” An independent inspectorate was needed, Mr Greene added, to ensure trust remained high. Express.co.uk has approached the SNP for comment.