Ferrari driver Carlos Sainz revealed he is battling an injury ahead of the Spanish Grand Prix. The Spaniard battled to a podium finish at the inaugural Miami GP after crashing out in the second practice session two days before the race.  Now the 27-year-old has stated he has still been dealing with the effects of the accident as he bids to compete in his home race. "This last week I’ve been training back at home, I’ve been trying to recover from the slight knot that I have in my neck from the accident in Miami to arrive here fully prepared,” he told the F1 website. The driver has yet to take the chequered flag in his career, and the dream scenario would be to win an F1 race for the first time in his own backyard. “To do it at my home Grand Prix would be the best ever,” said Sainz. “I keep thinking about it, I keep dreaming about it. Same way that when I was here when I was 10 years old, I dreamed about being a Formula 1 driver, and it happened. Then I dreamed about being a Ferrari driver and it happened. And I dreamed about winning, you know? JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton's health could be damaged by Mercedes issue claims Ferrari's Carlos Sainz   “I’ve been thinking a lot about it. It’s what motivates me, it’s what makes me train at 7am and push like crazy. I’m thinking about it – but not obsessed.” Although possessing a burning desire to register his first GP win, Sainz does not feel burdened by the prospect and will remain patient. “I don’t feel that impatient about it,” continued Sainz. “I want it, but you need to [realise] I’ve been going for a race win since the day I’ve arrived in Formula 1. I’ve waited a lot, so I’m ready to have to wait even further.” It has been a mixed season for the Spaniard so far, who is currently fifth in the drivers standings, six points behind George Russell in fourth. Retirements in Imola and Australia have cost him more points but he stressed “there’s plenty of time to recover” as he bids to catch teammate Charles Leclerc at the top of the standings. “Yes, it hasn’t been the ideal start to the season. Probably I’m the first one who’s not 100% happy with how everything has gone,” Sainz commented. DON'T MISS "At the same time, you look at it in a positive way: you know, every race finish so far has been on the podium, even if I’m not 100% happy with the car I’m fighting for pole positions out there and I’m finishing on the podium when I finish. So those two zeroes in Australia, Imola, they have quite a big effect in the drivers’ championship, but at the same time with 17 races left I think we still have plenty of time to recover. “And now with an upgrade package coming, the car probably developing a bit, hopefully I can get it a bit more to my liking and get the season going.” Max Verstappen will also be standing in the way of dream win at home for Sainz, as the Red Bull driver aims to win his third successive race this SUndat. 