Some of the Good Morning Britain presenters took to the red carpet this evening at the BAFTAs, as the team were nominated for their interview with Shamima Begum. GMB host Charlotte Hawkins, 46, shared a picture of her colleagues in attendance, with Ranvir Singh, 44, taking to Twitter to correct her colleague over her remark about the team. Charlotte shared a picture on Twitter in view of her 249, 300 followers showing the Good Morning Britain team in attendance at the BAFTAs. The picture included Sean Fletcher, Laura Tobin, Charlotte herself, Alex Beresford, Ranvir and Dr Hilary Jones. She captioned the picture: "Team @gmb at the BAFTAs!" Ranvir hit back at her colleague, making sure to correct her that all the teams were not in the picture. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's 'main issue' pointed out by Karren Brady She said in view of her 109,200 followers: "Some of us!" Susanna Reid and Adil Ray were not in the picture, although they were in attendance at the awards ceremony. Weatherman Alex also took to Twitter to share pictures of himself on the red carpet, along with the same picture of some of the Good Morning Britain team. He captioned the post in view of his 246,700 followers: "Lovely sunny day on the red carpet @BAFTA with @GMB gang…" Many social media users took to the posts comments to ask where Susanna and Adil were in the snaps. Luks8186 said: "Where's Adil? Looking sharp by the way." Cafejum added: "Where are Adil and Susanna?" Mcrsteph commented: "No Susanna Reid with the team?" DON'T MISS... Gary Lineker addresses James Corden Match of The Day replacement claim [COMMENT] Lewis Hamilton causes stir in hot pink outfit at Miami Grand Prix [PICS] Steph McGovern forced to change BAFTA TV Awards look last minute [BAFTAS] Susanna was at the awards ceremony, but did not seem to attend the red carpet event before. She took to Twitter in view of her 873,300 followers to share her outfit as she posed backstage. Susanna looked amazing in a fitted black two-piece suit, accompanied with black stiletto heels. The jacket featured a belt, drawing in the presenter's curvaceous figure. She styled her signature brunette tresses in a curled fashion and went for a bronzed makeup look. Susanna captioned the post: "Backstage at the #BAFTAs." Social media users took to the posts comments to compliment Susanna on her outfit choice. Johnhorneartist said: "Wow. Susanna, I'm speechless! You look gorgeous in that outfit and it truly shows off your fabulous figure." Charlottekevan added: "Looking as fabulous as ever. Your interview with the PM was excellent."