During spring, the lawn is actively growing and how it is looked after, depends on what is wanted to be achieved. To encourage wildflowers, it is time to stop mowing. For those wanting to create a short green sward, regular mowing and feeding is the key. One expert has said many people “overlook” the importance of their lawn, but the way it looks can change the look of the garden. Leigh Barnes, expert at Jacksons Fencing, said: “Many overlook the importance of your lawn, it is the centrepiece of many gardens and must be maintained so that it stays looking its best. “Start caring for your lawn in spring by removing weeds and moss patches that sprout over winter.” “Weeds and moss will thrive in the warmer months, so getting rid of these earlier will make your lawn appear healthier and save you a lot more maintenance over the summer.” The expert also recommended feeding the lawn, opting for a spring feeder now. READ MORE: Oven cleaning: How to clean oven door glass under 5 minutes - ‘cheap’ This should then be changed to a summer lawn feeder as the weather gets warmer as it will provide all the nutrients it needs. Leigh continued: “Weeding and slow growth can result in patchy areas, to avoid this try adding new seeds by loosening the soil and sowing them in over an evenly raked surface. “Rake this once more afterwards to ensure they are combined. “Keep an eye out just in case there isn’t any rainfall for a few days, if so, give your lawn a generous water.” DON'T MISS:‘Surprisingly effective’ way to banish weeds at ‘zero cost’ [EXPERT]Garden plants which can decrease property value by up to 15% [COMMENT]Alan Carr’s life on Kent farm where average house prices are £400k [INSIGHT] Watering once a week to every 10 days is normally sufficient. Seven to 10 days after this, the grass should start growing. Leigh added: “Note that you should be mowing your lawn once a week in spring, but increasing this to twice a week in the summer. “Remember, try to avoid removing over a third of the leaf growth as this can damage your lawn.” The expert also said “now is the perfect time” to start some “basic maintenance” in the garden. Leigh said: “Tidy any garden waste, pull up weeds, and cut back and sweep away any dead foliage. “A good basic clear up will immediately make your garden look tidier. “Pruning your plants, trees, and shrubs will help smarten up your garden and will also control their growth, making them more aesthetically pleasing over time.” In recent years, gardeners have been encouraged to mow their lawns less and allow plants to grow in it to encourage wildlife. The “No Mow May” campaign aims to provide insects with pollen, nectar and shelter in lawns across the country. At the end of August, the lawn is then cut short to promote an increased diversity of plants in the turf. Some may prefer to mow their whole lawns or just a section.