A Place in the Sun is a popular escapist series on Channel 4 featuring different presenters as they show families around some potential homes in dream locations. Jean Johansson is a regular face on the show and fans are keen to find out more about her life off-screen. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the star's famous husband. Scottish presenter Jean is a reporter and presenter, as well as a columnist and she lives a very busy life. She is perhaps best known for her appearances on the property search programme, A Place in the Sun. While the star loves jetting off around the world to help prospective buyers, she enjoys spending time at home with her family. She is married to Finnish retired football player, Jonatan Johansson and they tied the knot in 2008. READ MORE: A Place in the Sun viewers threaten to 'boycott' Channel 4 show Together, they have bought, developed and sold several properties, using Jean's expertise and experience. The pair renewed their marriage vows in 2018 and celebrated their relationship with an emotional ceremony. She told the Glasgow Times: "I can’t believe it. We were just a pair of kids running around Glasgow and here we are 20 years later." She met her husband while she was still at school, and she worked part-time at a golf club in Langbank.   Jonatan would play a lot of golf, which is how they got to know each other. Jean admitted she had no interest in settling down with a partner as she was preparing to go off travelling after finishing school. She may not have been looking for a boyfriend at the time, but the pair continue to grow even closer. They have a son together, called Junior, and she took time away from A Place in the Sun to be with her new family. DON'T MISS... A Place In The Sun’s Jean leaves as buyer overcome with emotion [VIDEO] 'Won't see me in my underwear' Jean Johansson talks 'regretful' posts [DISCUSSION] A Place in the Sun’s Jean Johansson opens up on filming restrictions [INSIGHT] Jean is on Instagram and she has given some insight into her life away from the cameras. In a rare snap at the end of 2021, she appeared alongside her husband and son in the snow. She said: "Happy New Year from me and my boys." Her husband, 46, is the manager of Turun Palloseura, a professional football club based in Turku, Finland.   Throughout his career, his main position was forward and he is recognised for his stints with Rangers and Charlton Athletic. Johansson was also a regular in the Finland national team. After his days on the pitch, he became the manager of Greenock Morton and remained there until the end of the 2018–19 season. Johansson was appointed as the new manager at TPS in July 2020. A Place in the Sun airs daily on Channel 4. Jean Johansson appears on Celebrity Mastermind this weekend.