Jane Fonda, 84, admitted she “fell in love” with Robert Redford when they first worked together in Barefoot In The Park. The legendary actress explained she developed a “crush” on Robert but both were married to other people, so “nothing came of it”. The pair shared the screen in the 1967 film, which marked one of Robert’s first big performances. “I mean we were both married and nothing came of it, of course. “But I had such a crush on him that just going to work every day was stepping into paradise. “Plus, it was Neil Simon’s script - one of his best. So it was a brilliant script and Gene Saks was the director, and it was one of my most fun, happy experiences to date. “We had a blast!” the movie star added in an interview with Vanity Fair. “And it was very early on in Bob Redford’s career, I think it was his first hit movie that he did. “I have nothing but good memories of it.” Jane and Robert also starred alongside one another in the Netflix vehicle Our Souls at Night in 2017. In an interview with the Hollywood Reporter at the time, Jane addressed how the different characters she played opposite Robert differed. DON'T MISS:Rebekah Vardy's future 'in tatters' after ‘complete disaster’ trial [NEWS]'Was cast out' Dan Walker says he was branded 'security risk' [UPDATE]Jada Pinkett Smith fights back tears - 'Terrified little girl' [INSIGHT] During a press conference at the Venice Film Festival, she said: “In ‘Barefoot in the Park’ I couldn’t keep my hands off of him. “I was constantly forcing myself on him. “In ‘Our Souls at Night’ the dynamic of my character to his character was somewhat similar. I just love the fact these films bookend our careers. “We played that young love just getting married [in Barefoot] and now we play old people love and old people sex. “Although in my opinion, Ritesh [Batra, director] cut the sex scenes too soon.” As for how Robert felt about the love scenes, Jane stressed: “He doesn't like sex scenes.” The actress added: “I live for sex scenes! He’s a great kisser. “It was fun to kiss him in my twenties and then to kiss him again in my almost eighties.”