Manchester United have reportedly offered Ousmane Dembele a contract of between £8.4million (€10m) and £12.5m (€15m) net per season. Barcelona now must act fast if they want to keep the France winger beyond this summer. Dembele turned down a new contract at Barca earlier this year, with his current deal set to expire at the end of this campaign. Barca wanted him to leave in January to avoid losing him for free and club chiefs told him he would sit in the stands and not play if he did not go. However, Dembele stayed beyond the winter deadline and he was reintegrated into the team by Xavi. He has been a regular in the La Liga side since, though has scored just once in the competition this season. United have long been linked with the 24-year-old and it appears they remain interested. El Chiringuito journalist Dario Montero claims the Red Devils have submitted a contract proposal to the player. READ MORE: Cristiano Ronaldo drops Man Utd transfer hint with three-word message to TV camera  Barca are aware of United's offer and now have to decide how hard they want to work to keep him at the Nou Camp. But United are not the only side interested in Dembele. Paris Saint-Germain are also reported to have submitted an offer to the former Borussia Dortmund star. Montero says PSG's offer could usurp United's and reach around £14.2m per season. Barca boss Xavi stated last month that he would love Dembele to stay at the club. Dembele has often been criticised for his professionalism but Xavi disputed those claims. DON'T MISSArsenal could finally sign Arthur Melo as Juventus ‘plan swap deal’ involving Gunners ace [GOSSIP]Real Madrid’s unstoppable XI if Ronaldo returns, Mbappe joins and two others arrive [OPINION]Man Utd boss Ralf Rangnick makes defiant Erik ten Hag statement after Brentford win [INTERVIEW]  "I hope he can stay with us," he told reporters. "I have already said it and I have no problem repeating it again. "He can be the best in the world in his position. The club is working for the present and the future. "Ousmane is an important footballer and I hope he decides to stay. I'd sign his new contract immediately.  "I can only speak since I took charge and he is being exemplary in how he trains, his attitude, commitment and his involvement. "I don't know how he was before but I see him motivated, happy and with a very winning character. It's not a surprise that he'd come to training on his day off. He's a great professional." Dembele has made 147 appearances for Barca in all competitions, scoring 32 goals.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here