Former Police Officer Harry Tangye sat down with radio hosts Ash Gould and James Whale, to discuss capital punishment. Mr Tangye agreed with Mr Whale to go halfway, by reintroducing stocks into local communities. Mr Whale insisted that he wasn't violent or nasty, but claimed that the Government could reintroduce the death penalty as they can now prove guilt without a shadow of a doubt. The outspoken radio host claimed that the guilty needed to be put down, not hung.   Mr Whale said: "If you had a referendum tomorrow, we would bring back capital punishment, not because I'm, violent or nasty. "But now you can prove without any shadow of a doubt whether somebody did it or not if the proof is absolutely conclusive then have them put down. "Don't hang them or anything, have them put down." Mr Tangye told Talk TV: "Can we go halfway and then when it gets to that we have the stocks in the community because I think discipline became an ugly word. JUST IN: Have Your Say: Should Charles apologise to Canada? 'It’s not enough'     "And if you had the stocks the community... Sorry James I keep interrupting." Mr Whale said: "No no, we've got a delay that's why that the problem... We wanted to bring back the stocks for a long time actually." Mr Gould said; "Yeah, because it would make society feel better they could let off a bit of tension and you know to humiliate and embarrass them, the person who committed the..." Mr Tangye added: "Because at the moment you've got a young individual, who how many times has a police officer heard when I was a young lad I used to go scrumping and I would get caught by the police officer, and I was taken home' the police officer would give me a cuff around the ear. "I would get home and I would tell my parents and they would give me one too." Mr Gould said: "Now that's in Devon and Cornwall, the scrumping." READ MORE: Russian soldier accused of war crimes pleads guilty to killing civilian in landmark trial     The British Institute of Human Rights states on their website that: "The Human Rights Act formally abolished the death penalty in the UK. This means that a public official, including the police or courts, cannot execute someone or sentence them to death as punishment for something they have done. This applies in all circumstances, including during peacetime and times of conflict." According to Amnesty International’s 2020 report reads: “China continued to execute and sentence to death thousands of people but kept figures secret.” Last month Amnesty International slammed the execution of a man with learning disabilities in Singapore, on the ground of drug trafficking offences. the Amnesty International statement says:  “The execution of Nagaenthran is a disgraceful act by the Singapore government – ruthlessly carried out despite extensive protests in Singapore and Malaysia and an outcry across the world." “There is no evidence to back up the government’s claim that the punishment is the answer to tackling drug-related problems in the country. “The Singapore authorities must immediately stop the current wave of executions and urgently review legislation on the use of the death penalty, with a view towards abolition, in light of this shocking case.” Due to what some say are unfair trials, many countries around the world refuse to sentence citizens to death.   