CBS’ procedural drama NCIS Los Angeles came to a satisfying end this month with its season 13 finale. With the show’s 14th instalment on the horizon, the showrunner dropped a major hint about Hetty Lange’s (played by Linda Hunt) long-awaited return.  Hetty has been a fan-favourite since her first appearance in the pilot episode of NCIS Los Angeles. Throughout the series, she was the highly respected Operations Manager of the Office of Special Projects (OSP). This meant she was in charge of the Backroom Support Personnel and tasked with providing the Agents everything needed, including micro-surveillance cameras and cars. However, after starring in the season 13 premiere, it was the last time fans saw her working alongside the NCIS team. READ MORE: Gogglebox fans call for Giles and Mary to be cut from show During the episode, Hetty informed Admiral Hollace Kilbride (Gerald McRaney) she had to return to Syria for an ominous mission. While this was her reasoning on the show, showrunner R. Scott Gemmill revealed the major reason the actress wasn’t able to film with the crew was due to COVID-19. Back in October 2020, Gemmill told TVLine: “We're doing everything we can to keep everyone safe, and Linda is a little extra special in terms of how we have to look out for her.” In his interview with Parade, the showrunner added: “She was in at the beginning of this season and then we had her disappear.  “The plan is to follow that up next [season] with some reveal.” Thankfully for fans, they are getting closer to seeing Hetty return to screens season 14 was confirmed in March. Speaking on the upcoming season to TV Insider, Gemmill hinted the team may have to come to Hetty’s rescue for her highly anticipated appearance. The showrunner confirmed: “Yes. I think we mentioned it early on, I think it was Kilbride [Gerald McRaney] who was saying it, that she had an operation.  DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Double Dingle death as two iconic characters leave [THEORY]NCIS LA’s Eric Olsen ‘crying’ over emotional Kensi and Deeks twist [INSIGHT]NCIS’ Jimmy Palmer star pays tribute to co-star Katrina Law [INSIGHT] “Essentially two of her people who were in the country were on the right track to expose someone within the Pentagon. “In the intelligence community high up, that was a traitor, basically a mole, kind of like the fourth man but before they can get out with proof of that, they are captured. “We don’t know if they’re captured because they know who they are or they’re just as captured as part of some of the problems are going over there. “So ultimately, she went back to try and resolve that with the Keane (Jeff Kober) character, and then we haven’t heard from her since.”  Gemmill continued: “So part of next season will be our guys finding out where she is, what happened, and probably having to go in and pull her out of the fire.” It was revealed Hetty was on an extended mission in Syria and during ‘All the Little Things,’ Special Agent G. Callen (Chris O’Donnell) contacted Zasha (Oleysa Rulin) for information after a US drone strike in Syria. Although he had no confirmation Hetty was there, he told Anna (Bar Paly) he had a “hunch.” With the team unable to locate her, many fans have anticipated she could be dead, she could have escaped or was being held captive by the al-Qaeda leader al-Kalmira. NCIS: Los Angeles is available on CBS. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 