Hollywood legend Tom Cruise reportedly "threw a tantrum" on the set of the latest Mission Impossible movie, after becoming "irritated" with overhanging branches. The star, 59, is currently filming another movie in the popular series and according to sources things, are not going too smoothly for Tom on set. Tom is known for his out there stunts on films, including scaling the world's highest building and clinging to the side of a moving plane as he plays the Mission Impossible agent. However, according to sources, Tom met his match while filming in a windy field in North Yorkshire. An insider claimed that Tom "threw a tantrum" after being distracted by the overhanging tree branches on the set of the movie. "There isn’t much Tom can’t put up with. So imagine how baffled everyone was when there was such a fuss made over a tree," the source claimed. READ MORE: Johnny Rotten responds to Madonna's NFT art on Piers Morgan show They went on: "Apparently the noise was becoming beyond irritating and they couldn’t stand it any longer. "Two local lads were called out to sort out the problem and cut down the offending branches." The source added that Tom is normally the "definition of professional" but everything on the set was getting too much for him. The set in Yorkshire apparently "started to get busy" as fans filled the area to "try and get a glimpse" of Tom and his co-star Hayley Atwell. The source also revealed that there was "plenty of security" patrolling the set and as well as a team with sanitisters due to earlier setbacks with filming due to Covid. "After previous delays it was made very clear that nothing — and no one — could put back production again", they claimed to The Sun. Express.co.uk have contacted Tom's representatives for comment. Tom will be taking part in the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations live from Windsor Castle in June. DON'T MISS... Julia Fox stuns as she showcases abs in ultra low-rise trousers [PICS] Julia Bradbury shares 'admiration' for Deborah James amid cancer fight [COMMENT] Eamonn Holmes reflects on 'deadly serious' feud with Anthea Turner [INSIGHT] Alan Titchmarsh is set to star alongside the Hollywood star as well as Damian Lewis, Helen Mirren and Omid Djalili. The celebration includes dramatic enactments of royal scenes throughout history. Helen will act as Queen Elizabeth I and Omid as the "herald" linking scenes together, while Philip Schofield and Julie Etchingham host the programme. Discussing working with Tom, Alan said: "Tom Cruise and I are not a natural pairing, but I'm all for breaking the mold! "Well, it's raised a few eyebrows and given rise to a few comments, but it has also raised the profile of the event. "At least I was described as a 'Gardening A-lister', so that will do me, though as well as being a man of the earth I have also been a television presenter and talk show host for more than thirty years now. "I just want to get out there and do a good job and I am sure Tom Cruise feels the same." The broadcast is also set to include musical performances from Keala Settle, Gregory Porter and Katherine Jenkins. The Queen's Platinum Jubilee Celebration airs on Sunday at 8pm on ITV.