Danny Miller, 31, said that he once felt like “it would be easier if he wasn't here” as he battled anxiety and depression. The actor went on to reveal that while starring as Aaron Dingle in the ITV soap, his mental health became so bad that he would have to stop filming. Speaking to the Mancs On The Mic podcast to hosts Adam, Ryan and Scott Thomas, Danny said: “I’m not gonna sit here and lie and say, 'I wanted to kill myself', but I certainly thought it would be easier if I wasn't here.” The former soap star, who left the show in 2021, went on to describe his on-set panic attacks as like “having an out of body experience”. “Suddenly I start sweating, I start almost passing out. “I had it loads in Emmerdale when I've got a big scene and I've gone, 'Oh my God, I'm gonna pass out. READ MORE: ‘Can't believe you're gone’ Ruth Jones devastated by Kay Mellor death “They go, 'Stand by', and my brain's going, 'You're gonna f*** this up, you're gonna f*** this up'. “I'm sweating and I go, 'Sorry, you'll have to cut there, I'm sweating’.” The actor, who co-starred with host Adam in the soap, said that he had no idea he was suffering from depression and anxiety until he went to his GP, at which point he just “burst into tears”. Telling the hosts: “I used to think it was an overactive thyroid. That's what I got checked for. “But it was anxiety. I just didn't know how to deal with it.” The I'm A Celebrity ... Get Me Out Of Here! champion said things came to a head six years ago when he was finally prescribed antidepressants, which he took for two years. Revealing that therapy helps him stay on track, he said: “Everybody has their own different strategies but for me, uplifting music's a big one." When asked by Scott what music hits the spot, Danny said he turns to ABBA hits Dancing Queen, Waterloo, Chiquitita and Does Your Mother Know?. DONT MISS:Amber Heard 'slips up' in deposition, Johnny Depp's lawyer claims (PHOTOS)Court hears Amber Heard call Johnny Depp a ‘washed up piece of s***” (NEWS)Strictly’s Karen Hauer suffers 'emotionally and physically' in update (LATEST) Despite admitting he hit a real low, Danny explained he didn't ever “have the balls” to try to end his life. He said candidly: “I didn't have anything to lose and I thought it would just be easier if I wasn't here… so if I take myself out of the situation. That was the deepest and darkest it went. I never thought about it. I couldn’t.” This comes after Adam has been rumoured to be the first celebrity to have signed up for the forthcoming 20th series of BBC's Strictly Come Dancing. The 33-year-old will follow in co-star Kelvin Fletcher's footsteps after the actor won the series, alongside professional Oti Mabuse, 31, in 2019. According to The Sun, Adam is in the process of agreeing to a deal ahead of the series returning this autumn. A source told the publication: "Adam has got what it takes to win and is already practising his moves. And he's got a big female fanbase." The actor appeared in the role of Adam Barton in the soap between 2009-2018, sharing scenes with fellow farmhand Andy Sugden, played by Kelvin. 38-year-old Kelvin decided to leave the show in 2016 to concentrate on his career as a rally driver, with Adam following two years later. The former soap star stormed the competition in 2019, despite being a last-minute replacement, following Jamie Laing's withdrawal from the show due to an injury. Adam's participation in the show comes after Strictly bosses also wanted to sign up his older brother and co-host, Ryan, 37 who played Jason Grimshaw in Coronation Street for 16-years. If you or someone you know has been affected by this story, Samaritans (116 123) operates a 24-hour service available every day of the year. Alternatively, you can find more information on the Samaritans website here.