A Sussex representative confirmed that the Duchess travelled to the memorial "in a personal capacity as a mother" in order to offer "her condolences and support in person to a community experiencing unimaginable grief. Meghan was seen lying flowers at the makeshift memorial outside Uvalde County Courthouse in Uvalde, Texas, on May 26. The Duchess of Sussex also donated food at a community centre hosting a blood drive. According to volunteers at the blood drive, Meghan, who was seen wearing a baseball cap and black mask, quietly dropped by the kitchen of the community centre to drop off two “large” bags filled with sandwiches, beverages, and desserts for the blood donors. The shooting took place at Robb Elementary School on Tuesday [May 24] and left 22 people dead – including 19 primary school children. The suspect, identified as 18-year-old Salvador Ramos, was killed at the scene.  Ramos attended the nearby Uvalde High School, and opened fire on his own grandma who later died from her injuries, before fleeing the scene and crashing his car near the predominantly Hispanic primary school that has roughly 500 students. He then went on a rampage after emerging from his crashed car at around 11:30am. Ramos was clad in body armour and carrying a handgun, an AR-15 semi-automatic rifle, and high capacity magazines. Officers had a shootout with the suspect, but he still managed to charge into the building and barricade himself in before opening fire on the students.  READ MORE: Texas school massacre gunman shut children in classroom Two teachers also lost their lives in the shooting, named as Imra Garcia, 46, and co-teacher Eva Mireles, 44, who died while attempting to protect the children. A volunteer at the blood drive, Gloria Conteras, 40, spoke about Meghan visiting the community centre, saying "I had no idea who she was". She added: "We were just talking about, you know, the situation and what happened what we were doing here. I told her about us giving out water to the people and feeding them." "I even talked about my personal life, telling her about my son and my family and, you know, coming to Texas because she told me she was from Santa Barbara and I said, 'Well, you need to come to Texas!'" Contreras said. DON'T MISS:Piers Morgan rages ‘fame hungry’ Meghan will ‘hijack headlines [COMMENT]Meghan fights back tears as Duchess honours 21 killed at Texas school [PICTURES]Harry and William set for another 'frosty reunion' next week [ANALYSIS] "We were talking about Texas and Uvalde and how it is to be in a small town and how everybody is so kind and warm-hearted and know we know each other and stuff and how the faith is deep-rooted." Another volunteer, Georjean Burnell, 46, said: "She was just really sweet. "She just kind of walked in with her crew and started putting ice waters in the bucket with us and laying out chips for the people who were needing snacks before and after donating. "It's funny, we didn't even know it was her until after she left and now we're so sad. I mean, to be honest, we thought she was our neighbor."