Yellowstone will be returning to The Paramount Network for season five on November 13. The series will see John Dutton (played by Kevin Costner) continue to protect his beloved ranch from his growing list of enemies. Viewers have discussed whether his time could be up when the series returns. John Dutton is the patriarch of Yellowstone and he remains a fan-favourite character. The protective father has put his life on the line numerous times to save his family from outside threats. He almost died at the end of season three after he was hit by a bullet in a drive-by shooting. But fans were convinced he would live to see another day thanks to his 'plot armour'. Still, the star of the show may meet his demise before the series comes to an end. READ MORE: Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly returns to filming as she confirms big news Fans took to Reddit to discuss the prospect of John dying in the upcoming season. Icannotsimplyimagine said: "The only way season five will be better is if…John dies. "I’ve seen him respected him and loved him for three full seasons. By season four, I’m ready for him to go. "I just need to see at least for a whole season how the children would behave without him. "He can go at the end of season five, but he needs to go in order for it to be worthwhile. The series cannot end with John alive." The discussion turned heated with many fans saying the show would not be the same without John. AmericanWanderlust said: "Obviously he dies in the series finale, Walter White style. "That’s been clear from the beginning. In fact, didn’t TS [Taylor Sheridan] say watch the first five minutes of the pilot and you know the ending? "So John ends up dying and then Jamie (who is holding forth in the first five mins at the state capitol) is governor and has usurped the Duttons power? "Who knows — but John is a goner." DON'T MISS... Cole Hauser famous family: Meet the Yellowstone star's siblings [INSIGHT] Yellowstone’s Kayce Dutton star addresses reaction to Monica pregnancy [DISCUSSION] Yellowstone season 5 release date, cast, plot: When is it out? [EXPLAINER] Tardcity13 added: "OP has thought this through. You get season five with him, then him dying toward the end of the season. "And then season six without him and the kids figuring stuff out or not. At six it hits syndication too if that's a thing anymore." However, SamwiseG123 argued: "He’s making it to the final season, Costner is the big name that sells the show to an outside audience. "It’s once you start watching and end up loving characters like Rip, Beth and Kayce is why you stay." Trixtar said: "100% agree. Costner is the reason I watched in the first place. "Beth, Jimmy and Rip are why I became obsessed and loved the show. "Even watched 1883 but didn't think it was anywhere near as good, mainly because I felt the characters were just no were no match for YS." Costner opened up about the show's success when he spoke to Extra, saying: "You take my dysfunctional family, you put them right in the middle of the most beautiful mountains and rivers and valleys and put them on horses. "Some of that silliness will go away, but some of it we just secretly love to hear. It has been a good ride so far. We'll see where it goes."  Yellowstone season 5 airs on The Paramount Network on November 13.