A Pisces Moon transit provides good opportunities to invest and act on more creative ambitions however, as one of the more dreamy signs of the zodiac, starting new ventures can be a challenge. Use today’s energies to embellish and expand existing projects. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for May 23. The Sun is due to form a sextile to Jupiter in the early hours, shrouding the morning with a thick layer of optimism. This energy encourages you to be more active instead of passive; you should engage directly with opportunities that might arise instead of sitting back and letting opportunities come to you. Cafe Astrology said: “It can be a time for engaging with others in delightful ways and enjoying opportunities as a result. “Confidence comes from a stronger sense of who we are and the principles we represent.” READ MORE: 'Avoid these shades' Colour psychology expert reveals best room colour  The potent Pisces energy combined with the Sun-Jupiter sextile might heighten levels of perception, meaning you could feel more confident and cogent during these hours. Tarot.com said: “Dreaming and doing can work together more harmoniously than usual now, so we should prepare to receive surprising solutions to problems we didn't even know we had." Mercury in Taurus will form a sextile to Mars tonight, which tends to inflict more of a mentally busy influence. Your mind might feel more active, and you might feel more inclined to make progressive changes, learn new things, or engage in debate.  Cafe Astrology said: “We are exceptionally alert, resourceful, and aware, although possibly self-focused. “There is enthusiasm in our conversations and excitement about our interests and discoveries.” This transit tends to inspire a more detail-oriented approach, and you might be in a better position to brainstorm and plan. Reflexes will be much sharper and you'll take to tasks and projects better. DON'T MISS: Alan Titchmarsh shares ‘easy’ way to make a water feature at home [EXPLAINED]Apollo 11 photos auctioned as NASA plots Moon return [PICTURES]Moon breakthrough as vast ‘slabs' of ice could provide water for astro [INSIGHT]    During this period, Astrology King said: “Manual labour, business matters, and negotiations are favoured but you would succeed at anything requiring a little extra effort to get things off the ground. “You can be as direct and honest as you like in achieving your desires and enlisting the support of others.” This is the perfect time to focus on tasks you’ve put on the back burner as Mars’ fighting energy will spur more of an impetus in you to see them through to completion. Astrology King said: “This is a good time for any competitive field which rewards strong independent thought. “You can act on your instincts with confidence… you can be driven to succeed with a strong sense of purpose.” 