All Creatures Great and Small season three is set to return to viewers' screens later in 2022 as fans are eager to see where Helen Alderson's (played by Rachel Shenton) and James Herriot's (Nicholas Ralph) relationship goes. However, back in March, pictures were released of the actors in a wedding dress and suit, implying the characters are set to be wed in the new series. Actress Rachel Shenton called out the leak, branding it "annoying". In season two, James and Helen got engaged after exploring the new dynamic of their relationship. After their successful proposal, fans were excited to see where their relationship went and if they would be married in the upcoming series. However, as filming began, photos emerged of the characters looking elated as they walked out of a church in a wedding dress and suit. Speaking at the BFI and Radio Times Television Festival, Rachel Shenton called out the photo leak. READ MORE: Sally Dexter age: How old is Emmerdale's Faith Dingle star? She told Express.co.uk and other press: "Well, somebody kind of leaked photos of us annoyingly, so that's out, unfortunately." Executive producer Melissa Gallant tried to save the surprise for fans and teased: "It's 1939, it's the series near the war, which puts all of the characters in an interesting situation. "Mrs Hall and Siegfried have already been through a war where the other characters are too young to remember. "So just a really good opportunity to put them under pressure and explore the characters further, in light of the wedding, I can't say who is getting married..." Touching on what fans can expect of their relationship, Nicholas exclaimed: "Well, certainly at the end of season two, James and Helen are engaged to be wed, so that's, could be happening, who knows. "There are things like that, but with the war as well, there are difficulties, a young couple wanting to start a life together, and there is this massive thing looming over them and having to make big decisions." Describing their slow-moving relationship during the events Q&A, Rachel explained: "I think the way that she moved forward and became tentative towards James. "They didn't rush things is really indicative towards these people and their care they have for each other." DON'T MISS...How old is Samuel West from All Creatures Great and Small? [INSIGHT]All Creatures Great and Small's Tristan star details mishap[LATEST]Rachel Shenton age: How old is the All Creatures Great and Small star? [MORE] Helen and James have faced several setbacks within the previous series, one of which being Helen getting engaged to Hugh Hulton (Matthew Lewis). The pair were set for a Christmas Day wedding which left James quietly heartbroken, but she soon realised marrying Hugh wasn't what she wanted and ended up calling it off. Producer and writer Ben Vanstone previously told The Mirror: "In season three, Helen and James have become engaged. "I think it's fair to say there may be a marriage on the horizon, perhaps. It's 1939, so it will come as no surprise that war is looming, and that will increasingly cast a shadow over our characters' lives. "Ultimately, our show is about Darrowby and the world of the Yorkshire Dales and the farmers within it." The pair previously spoke to PBS Masterpiece about their flourishing relationship, to which Nicholas said: "I think she epitomises everything that James loves about the Dales, and that he falls in love with the Dales and he falls in love with Helen, as well. "One of the greatest things about Helen is that she challenges James in a way that he needs at times, pointing him in the right direction without it being so blatant." All Creatures Great and Small is set to return to Channel 5 later this year.