Real Madrid now have a warchest of cash at their disposal after being dealt a late blow in their pursuit for Kylian Mbappe. It looked as though a deal was almost completed, but the Frenchman has now penned a new three-year deal with the French champions. Mbappe's decision has wounded Madrid, who had essentially planned their summer around the Frenchman's arrival. And they're clearly not impressed by the late U-turn, as they have lodged an official complaint to UEFA. Los Blancos are still undergoing a rebuild as they look to be at their dominant best again, but even without Mbappe they've been exceptional this season. They've already won La Liga, and they would lift the Champions League if they beat Liverpool in Paris. But Mbappe was meant to be the main man, although it does now allow Madrid to use those funds elsewhere and target a new star man. Here Express Sport look at five stars Madrid could target to fill the void left after Mbappe's snub.  JUST IN: Liverpool offered Eddie Nketiah transfer advice as Arsenal forward weighs up future Both Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane see their deals at Liverpool expire at the end of next season, and Madrid could turn their attention to one, or both of the stars. Salah has expressed his desire to stay at Liverpool, but while a deal remains unsigned, his future is up in the air. Salah is one of the best players in the world, and alongside a prime Karim Benzema it could be a deadly duo. But Salah's comments about Madrid following a heartbreaking Champions League final loss may made his relationship with the fans difficult. Mane on the other hand has been linked with a move in recent weeks, and the Senegal captain has thrived in a new central role. Mane may want to step out of the shadows and become the main man elsewhere. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'have three signings on table' as Erik ten Hag transfer budget revealedNottingham Forest fan Robert Biggs jailed for 24 weeks for Billy Sharp headbuttGabriel Jesus 'decides stance' on Arsenal transfer without Champions League football  Robert Lewandowski is one of the finest goalscorers on the planet, and was cruelly denied a Ballon d'Or during the Covid lockdown when the competition was scrapped. The Poland international has almost broken the Bundesliga goalscoring record at Bayern Munich, but he has confirmed that he will not be signing a new deal in Germany. Lewandowski is open to moving this summer, and Barcelona have been keen on a move. But Madrid could thwart their efforts and hijack a move now that Mbappe is off the cards. The Bayern striker would fit in at Madrid, and alongside Benzema it would be one of the best striker partnerships of all-time. But Lewandowski may have his heart set on Barcelona.  There has been talk of a dramatic return for Cristiano Ronaldo, and now that Mbappe isn't signing, Madrid could launch a big to bring the Portuguese striker back. Ronaldo left in 2018 to join Juventus, and has since made his way back to Manchester United. But it's been a disastrous return to Old Trafford, although Ronaldo's numbers have remained impressive. United have missed out on a Champions League spot, and may even miss qualifying for the Europa League. Ronaldo certainly won't want to be playing in Europe's second or third tier, and a move could be on the cards. Madrid could be the ideal return for Ronaldo, and they have the funds to offer one final big contract.  Last summer it looked certain that Harry Kane would join Manchester City, but Tottenham held firm and kept hold of their star man. Kane has longed for trophies, but has remained unsuccessful at Spurs. City have now signed Erling Haaland, making it unlikely that they will return for Kane, and there aren't many clubs that seem to be interested in poaching the Tottenham striker. Madrid have been linked with Kane for some time, and it may finally be the right moment to test Tottenham with an offer. Used to wearing white, Kane would look the part in Madrid, and his trophy woes will surely end. But the striker seems settled in England, making a Premier League switch more likely.  The £97.5million summer signing of Romelu Lukaku has been a disaster for Chelsea, and the Belgian may be leaving Stamford Bridge after just 12 months. The striker that was so ruthless in Serie A, has been non existent in the Premier League for Chelsea. Lukaku has warmed the bench for much of the season, and Madrid could take him off Chelsea's hands and look to bring back his earlier form. An in form Lukaku is one of the best strikers in the world, Chelsea may be ready to cash in if Thomas Tuchel doesn't believe that it will work out. The Belgian will want to get back into gear for the World Cup, and after already succeeding in both Italy and England in the past, Lukaku may fancy a new challenge. His strength would rock La Liga, and he could follow Antonio Rudiger in moving to Spain. 