Deputy Commander of the Azov regiment, Sviatoslav Palamar, confirmed the attack had been launched on Tuesday. According to Mr Palamar, the ground assault was launched shortly after a Russian orc aircraft bombed the plant. He said: "Defenders of Mariupol, who are at Azovstal, are urging the Supreme Commander-in-Chief to intervene."  The Russian Defence Ministry has confirmed the storming of Azovstal. They claim to have started shelling and bombing the plant because Ukrainian soldiers "took advantage" of the ceasefire to move into new firing positions there, the RIA news agency reported. The Ministry said: "A ceasefire was declared, civilians had to be evacuated from Azovstal territory. Azov and Ukrainian servicemen, who are stationed on the plant, took advantage of it. "They came out of the basement, they took up firing positions on the territory and in the factory buildings."  "Now units of the Russian army and the Donetsk People's Republic, using artillery and aviation, are beginning to destroy these firing positions," the ministry said. The fresh assault comes after Russian forces fired rockets at the besieged steelworks, where 200 civilians remain trapped despite evacuation efforts. Ukrainian forces confirmed that two civilian women were killed and ten more injured on Monday after "massive air bombings". In a statement, the Ukrainian military said: "We call for the urgent introduction of a ceasefire and the continued evacuation of citizens to safe areas controlled by Ukraine!"   The attack followed a UN-brokered ceasefire around the complex that allowed several groups of civilians to escape Mariupol's last holdout of Ukrainian fighters in recent days. Mariupol Mayor Vadym Boychenko said he hoped the first load of evacuees would reach the Ukrainian-controlled city of Zaporizhzhia on Tuesday. He warned that more civilians were trapped in bunkers and tunnels under the complex and some 100,000 remained in the rest of the city. Mariupol resident Tatyana Bushlanova said: "You wake up in the morning and you cry. You cry in the evening. I don't know where to go at all." Mariupol is a major strategic target for Russia as it seeks to cut Ukraine off from the Black Sea and connect Russian-controlled territory in the south and east. Russian President Vladimir Putin announced his intention to focus on "liberating" this region after failing to take the capital, Kyiv. Russia's offensive to capture the east and south has been met with commitments by Western powers to supply heavier weapons and support to Ukraine. Moments after the assault began, the Government announced Britain is to send 13 protective armoured vehicles to Ukraine to evacuate civilians from besieged areas in the east of the country.  Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said: "The intentional targeting of innocent civilians is a war crime. "This latest donation of armoured vehicles will help protect innocent Ukrainians attempting to flee Russian shelling and support Ukrainian officials carrying out vital work." The UK has already shipped or promised air-defence systems, 120 armoured vehicles, anti-ship missiles and 5,000 anti-tank missiles. The Government is also set to supply Stormer armoured vehicles, which carry Starstreak anti-aircraft missiles and are designed to provide a roving threat to Russian planes and helicopters, and has also offered to send Challenger 2 tanks to neighbouring Poland so Warsaw can donate its own to Ukraine.