Outlander season six may have consisted of fewer episodes than those previous but it’s safe to say the Starz series still delivered on the nail-biting drama facing Jamie (played by Sam Heughan) and Claire Fraser (Caitriona Balfe). And there was no finer example of this than in the action-packed finale which saw Claire and Jamie fighting for the former’s freedom following the death of Malva Christie (Jessica Reynolds). And while the two faced challenges on-screen, actor Balfe has revealed the difficulties they faced off-camera. It’s no secret production on the season six finale and the series as a whole faced its challenges as it was made during the coronavirus pandemic. In fact, Outlander fans and Starz viewers ended up referring to the delay in new episodes as “Droughtlander” such was the lengthy hiatus. In order to get the show back on air, the episode count for season six was whittled down to just eight from a dozen. Now, Balfe has admitted it wasn’t just the pandemic which made getting the new episodes made more difficult but that she too threw a spanner in the works. READ MORE: Outlander theory: Jamie Fraser ghost explained in fortune teller clue “The original plan for this season was always 12 episodes,” the Outlander star said. “Obviously, COVID made it slightly difficult. I made it slightly difficult. “There was going to be a point where I wouldn't be able to shoot anymore. “Instead of writing Claire out of a few episodes,” she continued to Entertainment Weekly. “They decided instead to stop at a certain point, and then tack whatever episodes we didn't do on to this season that we're shooting now.” Explaining the timing of the decision, she added: “But that decision wasn't made probably until halfway through shooting.” The reason behind Balfe making filming “difficult” was due to the star being pregnant at the time of shooting. Heughan admitted this had led to bosses toying with the idea of bringing Balfe back after she’d given birth instead, although these were scrapped. Despite the challenges, Balfe added to the publication that the complicated schedule and factors still didn’t mean anything had to be rewritten. DON'T MISS:Outlander boss shares disappointing update on season 7 episodesOutlander season 7 theory: Tom Christie confesses to Malva’s murderWhen will season 7 of Outlander start filming? Season six ended on somewhat of a cliffhanger as Jamie headed to Wilmington to ensure Claire’s safety ahead of her “trial” for Malva’s death. And while fans may fear another lengthy wait is on the way, recent filming updates from the cast suggest “Droughtlander” will not be returning. Last month, the show’s official Twitter page shared a snap of its biggest stars back on set filming the new episodes. “The cast and crew are back at it - #Outlander Season 7 is in production!” the caption read. The behind the scenes photo included both Heughan and Balfe alongside co-stars Sophie Skelton and Richard Rankin. While the photo did little to give away any clues as to what season seven will hold, it still sent excitement levels sky-high among the fandom. In fact, Heughan himself sparked a frenzy of his own with another tweet and another snap of himself and the three aforementioned co-stars on set. “Wait!!! Is that @Outlander_STARZ season…. 7!?!?!? Yazzz” Heughan cheekily captioned his own post. (Sic) Outlander seasons 1-6 are available to stream on Starz in the USA and Starzplay in the UK now.