Like Israelites awaiting Moses' descent from Mount Sinai we hacks sat this morning, chair-edged, hearts pounding, awaiting Sue Gray's deity-like pronouncement on how much parliamentarian beer had been drunk. Where, when, who with and with how much gusto...these details mattered.  If Boris had enjoyed his warm lager he was dead meat - if it was merely a prosaic adjunct to a business meeting then, of course, he would live to fight another day.You don't think it's all got that nuts? Ask Allegra Stratton.Of course it's now down to the roughnecks on the 1922 Committee to decide the Prime Minister's ultimate fate but, in spite of the lies, the obfuscation, the hardcore boozing and the economy with the truth (on all sides of the house) there was a distinct feeling Boris had done enough - that the whole thing was about to fizzle out damp squib like.In truth Ms Gray's report didn't tell us much we didn't already know. And it elicited very very obvious plays from both Boris and Keir:* Thanks for all Ms Gray's hard work, lessons to be learned, bigger issues, time to move on blah blah blah;* The Prime Minister has failed to meet the high standards of probity of this house, he must resign, blah blah blah.You pays your money, you takes your choice people.For my money the biggest bare-faced whopper in the whole proceedings is that there is any sense of probity left in the House of Commons at all.Indeed my biggest problem with the no doubt otherwise estimable Ms Gray was her pronouncement that Johnson’s administration had showed a serious failure to observe standards expected in government.You get the feeling she hasn't really been paying attention. Boris' shenanigans are, shamefully, exactly the standards we, the voting mugs, have come to expect in Government. In similar vein Sir Keir (pained, furrowed browed face on) attempted to convince us voting mugs of the deep goodness of Parliament. He even reeled off a primary school like list of the qualities we're supposed to believe our parliamentarians aspire to which included:LeadershipObjectivityAccountabilityTrustHonestyIntegrityGoodnessI've worked out a handy mnemonic for the above by the way: LOATHING. Y'know should any MP wish to commit them to heart. (And yes I know there's no N but give me a break.)Even the Tories Boris-basher in chief Tobias Elwood, almost plaintively, told us we expect "leadership, focus and discipline in abundance in No10".No we don't Tobias. Years of experience, not to mention the extreme booze culture, non-existent sense of public duty, and fact almost one in 10 of our MPs is currently facing allegations of sexual misconduct, mean that what we really expect from No10 is lies, obfuscation, witlessness, mediocrity and sexual impropriety.Harsh?It's your mess, you clean it up.