Daniil Medvedev is likely to reclaim the world number one ranking following the ATP announcement that there will be no ranking points awarded at Wimbledon this year. The Russian briefly usurped the Serb at the top of the standings earlier this year before the 34-year-old took back the position. On Friday night it was confirmed no ranking points will be awarded to those who compete at the All England Club this summer. That will significantly impact the 20-time Grand Slam champion, who successfully defended his title last year. Players usually receive 2,000 ranking points for winning a Grand Slam singles title, but with none on offer at Wimbledon this year, Djokovic will lose those points he gained from 2021, regardless of how he performs at SW19. Djokovic is also about to begin his defence of 2,000 more ranking points from his victory at the French Open last year, with the second Grand Slam of the season set to begin on Monday. Remarkably, if Djokovic wins both the French Open and Wimbledon, he could still find himself 2,000 points down on where he currently is in the world rankings. Medvedev and Alexander Zverev, the current second and third-ranked players in the world, only reached the fourth round at Wimbledon last year, so will only drop 180 points from Wimbledon and could both have leapfrogged Djokovic come the end of July. Djokovic could, however, claw back some of the points he is set to lose if he plays and performs at a Wimbledon warm-up event, with 500 points on offer for the winner at both Queen's and Halle. The 35-year-old didn't play any events between Roland Garros and Wimbledon last year so has no points to defend. The ATP's decision to strip Wimbledon of ranking points came after the All England Club decided to ban Russian and Belarusian stars from this summer's tournament amid the two countries' ongoing invasion of Ukraine. A Wimbledon statement in response to the ATP's and the WTA's decision to remove ranking points from this year's event said: "We appreciate that opinions differ in relation to our decision to decline entries from Russian and Belarusian players to the championships this year, and we deeply regret the impact of this decision on the individuals affected. DON'T MISS "However, given the position taken by the UK Government to limit Russia's global influence, which removed automatic entry by ranking, and the widespread response of Government, industry, sport and creative institutions, we remain of the view that we have made the only viable decision for Wimbledon as a globally renowned sporting event and British institution, and we stand by the decision we have made. "We therefore wish to state our deep disappointment at the decisions taken by the ATP, WTA and ITF in removing ranking points for the championships. The UK-based grass-court events prior to Wimbledon, such as Queens and Eastbourne, won't be stripped of ranking points. After talks between leading players and tournament organisers, the ATP has said the events will 'proceed as normal.' 