Demi Jones has told how she's "lost" a lot of herself in a heartbreaking admission following her cancer diagnosis. The Love Island star, 23, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk and candidly told how she plans to spend this year building up her confidence while she focuses on herself. Demi announced that she had beaten cancer at the end of last year and went on to take part in Strictly The Full Monty to raise awareness of the disease. When asked what this year has in store for her, the flame-haired star told how she's putting herself first after a challenging year. Demi said: "I think for me is definitely over the next couple of months I'm trying to regain some self love. (sic) "I think I've lost so much confidence. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty bids farewell as Dan Walker exits BBC Breakfast "It's like I've gained confidence in such that I feel like I'm a stronger person. "But in terms of like my appearance and how I feel about myself, I think I've really lost a lot of confidence," she added. The Love Island star continued: "So over the next couple of months, I just want to focus on myself and feel good about myself and just have that self love again." Demi also candidly spoke about career goals, including what she wants to do more of in the near future. She said: "Hopefully later in the year I want to potentially do some sort of programme or TV presenting about my cancer and raise even more awareness and maybe do a cheeky BBC Three documentary or something. "When I was at [university] that's what I wanted to do, TV presenting for history. "But I feel like now I've got the platform and now I've raised so much awareness for this, I might as well push it even more and help even more people," she said. In December last year, Demi shared the news that she had been declared "cancer-free" after facing a "difficult" year-long battle. DON'T MISS... Bear Grylls' hopes for 'big' project with Meghan Markle & Prince Harry [INSIGHT]Eva Longoria puts on jaw-dropping display in black cut-out dress [ANALYSIS]Romeo Beckham's intimate pic with girlfriend Mia causes stir [UPDATE] Standing outside the Queen Alexandra Hospital in Portsmouth, Demi told her Instagram followers: ""I’M CANCER FREE!!!! I did it! "I got my full body scan results back and there’s not a single cancer cell left in my body." The relieved star added: "It’s been such a difficult year mentally and physically for me with my surgeries and treatment but I’m beyond grateful for everyone’s kindness and support over this past year. "I will continue to be an advocate for cancer awareness and all my love and strength goes out to those who continue to fight this awful disease. "Here’s to a healthy and happy 2022," she ended her post. The 2020 Love Island contestant was diagnosed with the potentially deadly disease back in May, but thankfully seems to have now beaten it. The terrified star developed a golf ball-sized tumour in her neck, leading to her undergoing multiple surgeries to combat it. Although radiation treatment was traumatic for Demi and operations on her tumours have left her scarred, she is simply thankful to be alive. "Even though I've got [a] scar, it's a small price to pay," she said as part of Cancer Research's Play Your Part campaign.