As the summer weather approaches, many Britons will be getting back out into the garden. However, a brown or patchy lawn can put a dampener on days relaxing in the sunshine. Though lawn mowing activity ramps up this time of year, it isn't just keeping your grass well tended to that can have an impact on its health. For Britons eager to ensure their lawn is looking lush and green, part of the answer could be hidden away in your soil. Regular lawn maintenance is imperative for a healthy lawn, including following both a mowing and watering schedule. However, experts from Natural Green Systems also advise carrying out a "crucial soil test". If your grass is looking a little dull, this test could reveal the problem. The experts explain: "A soil test is a crucial step in finding out what nutrients your lawn is lacking and what fertilisation and any other treatments can do to improve its density and colour." READ MORE: 'The Chelsea Chop': How to do gardener's essential pruning method This is particularly important if you are hoping to fertilise your lawn. The experts said: "For instance, if your soil’s pH is off, then the fertiliser you’re feeding it might not be working at all on your quest for greener grass. Poor pH could limit nutrient uptake." pH is a numbered scale used to indicate how acidic or alkaline something is. The scale ranges from one to 14, with anything below seven classed as acidic. Anything above seven is classed as alkaline. Depending on the PH of your soil, nutrients become available or unavailable to the plants you grow. Lawn Mowers Direct explain: "This can lead to discolouration and variation, growth prohibition and even poisoning. "Most plants thrive at a slightly acidic PH of 6.5. DON'T MISSMow your lawn 'little and often' for 'thicker and healthier' grass [INTERVIEW]How to teach your lawn to 'fend off weeds by itself' [COMMENT]Pippa Middleton purchases £800,000 zoo and safari park - see inside [INSIGHT] There are a number of ways you can test the pH of your soil. Gardening stores and some DIY stores sell easy-to-use kits, however, there are also some traditional at-home methods you can try out. One way to test soil is by using some items you may already have in your kitchen cupboard. You can use both baking soda and white vinegar to determine if your soil is acidic or alkaline. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Farmers' Almanac explains: "Place two tablespoons of soil in a bowl and add half a cup vinegar. "If the mixture fizzes, you have alkaline soil." How to test your soil using baking soda To use baking soda, place two tablespoons of soil in a bowl and moisten it with distilled water. Next, add a half cup of baking soda. If the mixture fizzes, you have acidic soil.