The Duchess of Sussex showed her support for Prince Harry over the weekend, when she was among the spectators of a charity polo match the couple had organised. As she presented the Lisle Nixon Memorial trophy, Meghan shared a kiss with her husband. And eagle-eyed royal watchers noticed the Duchess, who placed her hands on Harry's face during their kiss, was donning a ring with a clear reference to her daughter. The elegant piece of jewellery presented a thin golden band and an "L", the initial of Lilibet's name. Meghan and Harry's eldest child, Archie Harrison, was not forgotten, as the Duchess also wore a necklace with an A-shaped pendant. Meghan was first seen wearing the delicate necklace in 2019, when she headed to Wimbledon to watch her friend Serena Wimbledon play. Meghan has paid tribute to her children by wearing jewellery pieces with references to them in the past. In a video released to mark her 40th birthday and launch the mentorship initiative 40x40, the Duchess donned two gold necklaces by Logan Hollowell. One represented the Taurus constellation, Archie's zodiac sign as he was born on May 6 2019, while the second was linked back to Lili, born on June 4 last year under the Gemini sign. Meghan and Harry are preparing to celebrate the first birthday of Lili. READ MORE: Queen's former butler reveals monarch's favourite tea Her first birthday is set to be particularly special, as it will likely be celebrated in the UK, where the whole Sussex family will be to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. This trip, confirmed by a spokesperson of Meghan and Harry earlier this month, will give the chance to members of the Royal Family to be introduced to the tot in person for the first time. Much like other non-working members of the Royal Family, Meghan and Harry won't be allowed to appear on balcony of Buckingham Palace on June 2. However, they are expected to take part in a few events open to the wider family in their private capacity. Among these, they have been tipped to be at St Paul's Cathedral on June 3 for the service of thanksgiving for the Queen's life and reign. This would mark the largest royal gathering attended by the Sussexes since their wedding in May 2018. Moreover, this would be the first public royal event attended jointly by Meghan and Harry since March 2020, when they bowed out from the Firm as full-time members. Other events the Sussexes may attend include the Epsom Derby and the Jubilee Pageant. The Jubilee celebrations will take place during an extended bank holiday weekend, lasting from June 2 to 5. It is not yet known which events the monarch will attend during the celebratory holidays. The Queen has been experiencing episodic mobility issues over the past few months, which forced her to miss a number of important events - including the National Service of Remembrance and the State Opening of Parliament. However, it has been reported aides are planning to make adjustments to allow the Queen to attend as many engagements as possible with comfort and dignity. In the run-up to the nationwide celebrations, the Queen continues to undertake her daily duties. On Monday, she toured the Chelsea Flower Show using a golf buggy. On Tuesday, she met Qatari Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al-Thani at Windsor Castle. And on Wednesday, she held her weekly audience over the phone with Prime Minister Boris Johnson.