Comedian and entertainer Jimmy Tarbuck joined Good Morning Britain hosts Richard Madeley and Charlotte Hawkins to discuss the upcoming Platinum Jubilee for Queen Elizabeth II. During the conversation, Jimmy looked back at his performances for Her Majesty and also detailed his intimate interactions with the royal, praising her cheeky personality. February 6 saw Her Majesty The Queen become the first British Monarch to celebrate a Platinum Jubilee, marking her 70 years of service. The four-day UK bank holiday weekend from Thursday, June 2 to Sunday, June 5 marks the culmination of events to mark this unprecedented anniversary. Whilst speaking with Richard and Charlotte, Jimmy touched on his many encounters with the Queen and the shows he had performed for her. Touching on an experience he had with the Queen, Jimmy revealed: "She wanted to do lunch at the palace. READ MORE: Lucy Pargeter age: How old is Emmerdale's Chas Dingle star? "It was just a wonderful occasion" he added as Richard went on: "People say she is very funny, is she extremely witty in private?" Jimmy confirmed: "Well, she asked me, 'How many have these have you done now?' and I said, 'Four more than you', and she said, 'It certainly seems like it tonight'. "Tom Jones was next to me, and he said to me, 'Well, thank you very much, I got the handshake', and we started laughing. "She is laughing, God bless her, and I hope she carries on for a while longer!" Jimmy also touched on the performance he would "never forget" as it included some comedy legends. Speaking about their performance at the Royal Albert Hall, Jimmy revealed: "The nicest royal show that I have done, the Queen wanted to go to the Albert Hall. "It was the 100th, and they said yes to the powers that be, Bruce Forsyth, Ronnie Corbett, Des O'Connor... God bless them. "We worked together for the first time, and it was a wonderful occasion because the crowds in the Albert Hall just gave us a welcome that was... I am getting choked now. DON'T MISS...Jimmy Tarbuck rages at policing of Liverpool fans 'How dare they!' [INSIGHT]Jimmy Tarbuck health: Star on his 'pretty serious' cancer battles  [LATEST]Jimmy Tarbuck: I find it hard to believe best pals are no longer here [WATCH] "I can see it, and I just said to the lads, 'As we go on for the finale, let's take our time because we will never get this chance again to be together. "And it was, it was a wonderful evening." Des O'Connor died in November 2020 following a fall at his home in Buckinghamshire, with his agent describing him as "well-loved by absolutely everybody" and "loved life". Bruce Forsyth was an icon in the entertainment business and died in August 2017 after suffering from a severe chest infection. Two Ronnies star Ronnie Corbett died in March 2016 after being severely ill for some time and suffering from gall bladder issues. The Queen has vowed to make a double balcony appearance as she defies her “mobility concerns” to celebrate her 70-year reign. Her Majesty will delight the crowds by taking to the Buckingham Palace balcony twice as she kicks off her Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The appearances will take place during the monarch’s official Birthday Parade on Thursday, the start of the four-day bank holiday weekend. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.