For the best part of a decade and over a dozen episodes, Tony DiNozzo Senior (player by Robert Wagner) has endeared himself to NCIS fans as the no-nonsense dad to Tony DiNozzo (Michael Weatherly). Even after Weatherly departed the CBS series, Wagner, 92, still popped up to reunite with the likes of Gibbs (Mark Harmon) and co to share an update on how his son was doing. And while it’s been a fair few years since the on-screen father and son duo were last seen together, Weatherly has shown his fondness for the characters remains as strong as ever. In fact, the last time the two appeared on-screen together in NCIS was way back in the season 13 finale, Family First, in 2018. But on Twitter over the weekend, Weatherly couldn’t resist a sweet nod to the legendary actor as he shared a throwback snap with his 467.5k followers. Alongside a snap of himself on set of a project before his NCIS days, Weatherly captioned: “I’m having a Robert Wagner Flashback… READ MORE: NCIS Hawaii finale: Whistler to make gesture in bid to win back Tara “As my hair reminisces about having hair. We shot this in Australia, btw, and it was completely amazing. Post #darkangel pre #NCIS #thursdaythrowback.” (Sic) And the sweet reference to his pal and on-screen parent was quickly welcomed by swathes of supportive messages - including one or two calls for an NCIS reunion. Sharing a selfie of the two actors, Marcella Pagano replied on Twitter: “Still together! @M_Weatherly Strong friendships always remain even after years!!” And @PaolaCalcaterra reminisced: “I remember the episodes of NCIS with Robert Wagner, it was a pleasure to see you together, you really looked like father and son!!” Luz Angela Vallejo weighed in: “MW & RW together you’re absolutely fantastic both in front and behind the camera. “I wish you could do something with your TV dad again. And your hair is still gorgeous, big kiss from Colombia.” While @donutsdebsdibs said: “Two of my favourite guys the #DiNozzo men. RJ was destined to play your pops. “My ultimate wish would be to see a #NCIS reunion once again. I hope he is doing well. We all send our love and good wishes.” DON'T MISS:NCIS LA boss delivers disappointing update on Hetty Lange futureNCIS exit: Why did Matt Craven leave NCIS as Clayton Jarvis?Bull's Michael Weatherly shares cryptic farewell post And Lucia Scanu echoed: “What about two exceptional men fantastic actors of great talent also static and beautiful. I hope to see you again soon in other scenes. “Michael the good memories never die and then you still have the hair and if you ever lose it you will always remain a charming man.” It’s been three years since Wagner stepped into the world of NCIS but his return has long been talked about among the fandom and even the show’s bosses. Speaking to TVLine back in 2020, EPs Frank Cardea and Steven Binder explained that Covid made a return in the then-18th season impossible but it’s not off the cards going forward. “RJ is always anxious to be on the show and we’re always anxious to have him,” they explained. “But with actors of that age, we’re just waiting to see where the COVID goes. RJ turned 90 in February. And he would have to travel.” Praising the actor, the pair added: “He’s the youngest 90-year-old I’ve ever met. When you talk to him on the phone, he sounds like he’s 30. “He’s not quite ready to come back yet, but you could certainly see him in the latter part of the year.” NCIS season 19 continues Mondays on CBS in the USA. Season 19 episodes arrive Wednesdays on Disney+ in the UK.