Manchester United have four potential transfer targets after Erik ten Hag's preference to sign a left-footed forward emerged. Ten Hag will launch a major squad overhaul in the summer window, with the impending departure of Edinson Cavani leaving the Red Devil light in the attacking department. To fill Cavani's shoes, the Daily Telegraph report that United's new boss will 'go for' a left-footed winger if his move for a striker fails. Here, Daily Express Sport looks at four potential targets who would suit Ten Hag's brief. Raphinha United's top target is thought to be Leeds United star Raphinha, who has impressed despite the Whites' dreadful season. The Brazilian has scored 10 goals and notched three assists in all competitions and will be highly in-demand if Leeds are relegated. Ten Hag is certainly interested in the 25-year-old, who can play across the forward line. United's fierce rivalry with Leeds would be a serious obstace to a deal between the two clubs for Raphinha though. READ MORE: Man Utd 'eyeing' Raphinha with Ten Hag wanting ace with specific trait Dusan Tadic United have been linked to several of Ten Hag's former Ajax stars since the Dutchman was confirmed as their new boss. And another of his key players at the Johan Cruyff Arena could be a surprise target to fill the hole up-front. Tadic has starred for Ajax since arriving from Southampton in 2018, with that Premier League experience standing him in good stead. He has already proven himself to Ten Hag, scoring 16 goals and notching 22 assists to help Ajax to the Eredivisie title this season. Federico Bernardeschi Looking into Serie A, United may be attracted to Bernardeschi, with the Italian set to leave Juventus this summer. He is capable of playing on both sides of the pitch, though has seen game time hard to come by this term. DON'T MISS: 'Feeling' Sir Jim Ratcliffe wants to buy Man Utd from the Glazers (NEWS)Paul Pogba worried about playing for Man Utd against Crystal Palace (TRANSFERS)Diogo Dalot 'told Erik ten Hag decision' in Man Utd full-back plans (INSIGHT) He has still managed to score two goals and notch six assists, but is now ready to call time on his Juve career after five years. Also attractive to United will be the fact that Bernardeschi has experience of challenging for and winning the biggest trophies, having lifted three Serie A titles, two Coppa Italias and the Euro 2020 trophy. Nicolò Zaniolo Staying in Serie A, United could attempt to take advantage of Zaniolo's contract situation at Roma. He has just two years left on his deal at the Stadio Olimpico, with a suitable transfer package potentially convincing Roma to sell. Zaniolo has starred under Jose Mourinho this term, scoring seven goals, mainly from a position on the right wing. He has also helped Roma to reach the final of the Europa Conference League to cap a successful year for I Giallorossi.