Jesse Lingard has posted a cryptic tweet, featuring just a photo of himself from his days playing at academy level, after his brother slammed Manchester United. The midfielder will leave Old Trafford at the end of the season when his contract expires. Lingard had been convinced to stay for the final year of his deal having enjoyed a successful loan spell at West Ham in the second half of last season. But he has failed to break into the team under either Ralf Rangnick or his predecessor Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. He was denied the chance to bid farewell to the United supporters at Old Trafford on Monday night when he was left on the bench for the win over Brentford. And he has responded to that disappointment by posting a picture of himself in a United T-shirt, looking confused at a young age. The picture had no caption and Lingard failed to provide any reason for posting it. The cryptic tweet also comes after Lingard's brother Louie Scott had blasted the Red Devils for the 'classless' decision to deny him a send-off. READ MORE: Liverpool and Man Utd handed Aurelien Tchouameni boost "20 years of blood sweat and tears, four domestic trophies, three cup final goals, not even a farewell. No wonder it's Conference League next year. Attacking players for celebrations when the club's being sold to the super league OK," Scott posted on his private Instagram story. "Class of '92, Busby Babes, you're ran by people who don't even know the offside trap. Classless and the fans need to realise. Goodnight, godbless! Been there since nine years of age and didn't even get a send-off!!! Well done bro your family are proud." DON'T MISS: Man Utd ace Raphael Varane 'very excited' for Erik ten Hag arrival (NEWS)Man Utd given boost in £58m de Jong transfer hunt thanks to Busquets (TRANSFERS)Rangnick sends advice to Ten Hag over position Ronaldo 'wants to play' (INSIGHT) Lingard will leave United at the end of the season, with the likes of West Ham and Newcastle expected to be interested in offering him a deal. He will hope to again revive his career, having made just four starts in all competitions this season. His spell at the Hammers last term had earned him a recall to the England squad, but he has dropped out of Gareth Southgate's plans after a dismal campaign. He has spent more than 20 years at the Red Devils across his youth and senior career but is almost certain to be turning out for a new team next year.