Charles Rae, former royal correspondent at The Sun, said it was “absolutely fantastic” to see the Queen at the horse show in Windsor amid fears among the public following her withdrawal from the State Opening of Parliament earlier this week. He claimed “we can allay the fears” that have been worrying the country after her appearance with her son Prince Edward, adding that, despite the Queen’s immobility issues, she appears to be “in very good condition”.    Mr Rae told GB News: “It was fantastic to see her, absolutely fantastic, and I think that we can allay the fears. “I think after all the months and months of anxieties that we’ve all had in this country about her health, it was just fantastic to see her at the Windsor horse show. “We know the legs are not working properly. We know she’s getting older. But apart from her legs, her health is apparently in very good condition. “I think she was also showing the country: ‘I’m still Queen. I’m still here. I might be 96 but I’m still going on and I’m still going to carry on’.”    The Queen visited the Royal Windsor Horse Show in her first public appearance since missing the State Opening on Tuesday this week. She received a standing ovation from the crowd after her horse, Balmoral Leia, won the event. She arrived in a Land Rover and was pictured smiling with her window down, bringing relief to many concerned about her ongoing health issues. The monarch has attended the event for the past 79 years and chatted to fellow festival-goers from within her car during her 80th visit. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry returning for Jubilee to ‘stay relevant' [REVEAL]   She walked with the aid of a stick, a not uncommon sight since the death of her husband Prince Philip last year. She sat in the grandstand between her son Prince Edward and Penny Knatchbull, Countess Mountbatten of Burma. Prince Edward’s wife Sophie, Countess of Wessex, was also there with the monarch. Her Majesty looked elated as her granddaughter Lady Louise Windsor, driving the Duke of Edinburgh’s carriage, led the Fell Pony Society centenary parade. DON'T MISS: Jennie Bond showered the Queen's granddaughter Lady Louise with praise [REPORT] Angela Levin jumped to Prince Willian's aid while on GB News [REVEAL]Queen shares heartbreaking statement after UAE Royal Family death [REPORT]   And it was announced today that dozens of British military aircraft will complete the Queen’s Jubilee celebrations in June, according to the Ministry of Defence (MoD). A six-minute flypast of more than 70 aircraft will take to the skies over Buckingham Palace for the event, including aircraft from the Royal Navy, the Army and Royal Air Force. The Queen is expected to watch the flypast from the palace balcony with other members of the Royal Family. The monarch has limited the Trooping The Colour balcony appearance to working members of her family, with the Duke of York and Duke and Duchess of Sussex missing out.   