The monarch appeared at the west London event on Monday, before it opened to the public on Tuesday, in what is believed to be the first time in nearly a decade she uses a buggy at an official engagement. According to Angela Levin, the use of the vehicle shows the Queen "is doing things on her terms when she feels like it" and raises hopes she may attend more royal events than anticipated. Ms Levin said: "I'm surprised she has already said she is not coming to Trooping of the Colour on Thursday because she could come with the buggy I would have thought – because it is an outside thing, but we shall have to wait and see. "But it does show she is doing things on her terms when she feels like it – even for this most extraordinary, wonderful, once-in-a-lifetime event." Her Majesty was last seen using a buggy to get around in 2013, at an event in the gardens of Buckingham Palace, and before that, during a trip to Australia in 2011. It is made by Daria, a Danish maker of luxury electric golf carts. Royal Family LIVE: Meghan blasted for 'degrading' public gesture with Harry The extra-modern vehicle, which reportedly cost around £62,000, has a 50-mile range on its lithium battery as well as a 10.1inch screen with weather updates. with stylish brown leather seats, it has a top speed of 43mph. A Buckingham Palace spokeswoman said: "Adjustments have been made for the Queen's comfort." The 96-year-old monarch has attended the Chelsea Flower Show more than 50 times before, with 39 gardens and 80 exhibits on display this year, including a floral tribute to her 70-year reign just over a week before the start of her high-profile Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The Jubilee arrangement is covered on both sides with a variety of native British-grown tree branches with connecting inner shelves decorated with 70 terracotta pots planted with lily of the valley, one of Her Majesty's favourite plants. During a Windsor Castle audience in February, the Queen confessed as she held a walking stick she has been pictured using for a short while: "Well, as you can see, I can't move." The remark followed a series of health hiccups which became known to the public in October, when she spent a night in hospital. Later, she had to cancel her attendance at a series of engagements, including the COP26 climate change summit in Glasgow as well as at the Festival of Remembrance and the Remembrance Sunday Cenotaph service after spraining her back. Then, a positive Covid test that was said to have left her feeling "frail" sparked concern among royal watchers. DON'T MISSWould Meghan be a Princess if she didn't have Duchess title? [ANALYSIS]How Queen Mother battled cancer decades before her death [INSIGHT]Should William and Charles welcome Harry back with open arms? [POLL] At the time of her diagnosis, a Palace spokesperson said: "Her Majesty is experiencing mild cold-like symptoms but expects to continue light duties at Windsor over the coming week. "She will continue to receive medical attention and will follow all the appropriate guidelines." Her appearance at the Chelsea Flower Show, which is back in its May slot for the first time since 2019, after being cancelled in 2020 and moved to September for 2021 due to the coronavirus pandemic, has pleased observers who worry about the monarch's health – especially so after it emerged she might miss a large part of Trooping the Colour. Buckingham Palance has allegedly drawn up two contingency plans that will see other members of the Firm replace Her Majesty at some points – the key being she may, for the first time ever, not receive the Trooping the Colour salute. According to the Times, two different options have been drawn up to allow her a smaller role in proceedings. One option being considered by palace aides would see the Queen travel by carriage to briefly inspect the troops, before retiring for the rest of the event. Prince Charles, Prince William and Princess Anne would appear on horseback to represent her at the parade ground. If possible, the monarch would later reappear on the balcony with other working royals. The second option said to be considered would see the Queen only appear on the balcony, skipping the parade altogether.