A Russian government source has told Russian-Latvian outlet Meduza that Kremlin officials and other Russian elites have turned on Putin. The source explained that there are "almost no people who are satisfied with Putin".  They said: "Businessmen and many members of the government are unhappy that the President started the war without thinking about the scale of the sanctions - it is impossible to live with such sanctions. "The problems [in Russia due to the war] are already visible, and by midsummer they will come from different directions: transport, medicine, even agriculture. "No one simply thought of such a scale." This sentiment was later corroborated by two other government insiders.  According to Meduza, even members of the political and military elite who are in favour of the "special military operation" as the Kremlin refers to the war in Ukraine are dismayed about events. It is claimed that high-ranking officials in Russia's security services FSB and GRU - known as 'hawks' - believe Putin has botched the invasion and want to seize control of the operation. A source said: "The hawks are not satisfied with the pace of the 'special operation'. They think they can act more decisively." According to reports, Putin removed Russia's domestic security agency the FSB, an organisation he used to lead as the main organisation responsible for intelligence gathering in Ukraine. READ MORE: Saboteurs blow up Putin rail plan as 30 armoured vehicles destroyed  It is believed that the Russian President replaced it with the military intelligence unit - the GRU. It comes as the the head of the main intelligence directorate of Ukraine's ministry of defence Major General Kyrylo Budanov claimed that Putin is increasingly isolating himself to avoid an assassination attempt. Mr Budanov also told Ukrainskaya Pravda that the Russian President had survived an assassination attempt in the early stages of the war. He said: "Looking at some of his manic syndromes, he is afraid to seriously prepare a successor, realising that in preparation, this successor may want to take the chair a little earlier than Putin himself wants. DON'T MISS:  How Putin's inner circle are losing confidence AND power [REVEAL] 'Russia is provoked by weakness!' How a NATO 'brigade' could  [INSIGHT] 'F**k the war' Russian concertgoers prove Putin’s propaganda   [SPOTLIGHT]   "Therefore, he keeps everyone at a certain distance. "And he believes that he will rule forever. But it will not be so. "Look at the history of any dictator of the 20th and 21st centuries. "They all ended the same. In most cases, they died against their will. "There was even an assassination attempt on him, as they say, by representatives of the Caucasus not so long ago. "This is non-public information. Absolutely unsuccessful attempt, but it really took place… It was about two months ago. "There was no public information about this event, but it happened." 