On Friday, Gogglebox viewers tuned in to watch the last episode of the series. The cast members were back on their sofas as they gave commentary on Hunted, Bake Off: The Professionals, Love in the Jungle and Top of the Pops. However, viewers quickly became concerned when firm favourite Tom Malone Snr appeared on screen alongside his wife, Julie and children Vanessa and Shaun. Addressing his injury, he said: "Got to rest this a bit now, Julie, take it easy. "I can't be doing any housework or heavy lifting, they said that to me. Definitely, no housework, rest my arm. "She said, 'You should take it easy, make sure you get looked after' that sort of thing." "Did you not tell her that you get looked after anyway regardless of your arm?" Julie chipped in. READ MORE: Piers Morgan rages ‘fame hungry’ Meghan will ‘hijack headlines She continued: "You get cups of coffee whenever you want. You get your meals brought in on a tray." Tom hit back: "I need looking after, I'm an injured puppy, look at me. "I'll just have to sit here and watch tele now, Julie." "What like you usually do, you mean?" Julie joked as Tom laughed. He went on to add: "She said, 'You've got to take it easy' ...lifestyle changes." "Did she say you don't have to brew up for your wife?" Julie asked before Tom replied: "She definitely said that." Taking to social media to air their concern about Tom, Tyrese penned: "OMG What happened to Tom's Arm??????? #Gogglebox." Gabby wrote: "Take it easy, Tom @TheMalonesGB #gogglebox." DON'T MISS...The Last Kingdom's Eliza Butterworth on co-star Alexander Dreymon [CAST]Bradley Walsh issues warning to The Chase player during tense round [VIDEO]Vera's Mark Edwards star speaks out on show return [INSIGHT] "Has Tom Snr become Napoleon? #Gogglebox," Martin added. While Teena asked: "What’s Dad Malone done to his arm… #Gogglebox." Dave joked: "#Gogglebox why do people wear shoes in the house. I've got a bad arm and I'm taking it easy. Take your b****y shoes off then." Viewers were also left gutted as the last episode of the series came to an end. The cast is due to start filming again for the Channel 4 show in September. Meredith said: "Can’t believe it’s the last episode of the series #Gogglebox @C4Gogglebox @goggleboxshow." Mitchell wrote: "Time for #Gogglebox gutted it’s the last one of the series." While Dave asked: "Last one this series ..... How." Gogglebox is available to watch on All 4.