Tottenham Hotspur head coach Antonio Conte admitted a big fear in the club's hunt for Champions League football after Sunday's 3-1 win against Leicester City. Conte's side returned to fourth in the Premier League with victory in north London as his front three dazzled again. Son Heung-min and Harry Kane combined for a record-extending 41st time in the Premier League before Dejan Kulusevski arrived from the bench to provide two assists for the South Korean. The victory helped Tottenham leapfrog Arsenal back into the top four ahead of the Gunners' trip to West Ham United on Sunday evening. After full-time, Conte hailed Son for his match-winning brace and the ability he showcased with both feet. But the Italian admitted that he's grown concerned about the size of his squad and potential injuries, which could lead to 'trouble' for Spurs. He said: "We are talking about a player with great skill and great ability. He's very good with the left foot and the right foot, sometimes the question is 'which is your favourite foot?' I'm delighted for him and the strikers. Our squad is not so big, and we keep fingers crossed we don't have many injuries because otherwise, we will be in trouble." JUST IN: Everton boss Lampard admits he 'prodded' players before Chelsea win However, Conte was happy with performances throughout his team against 'strong' Leicester team, despite Brendan Rodgers fielding eight changes amid their Europa Conference League semi-final tie against AS Roma. "It was a good performance against a really good team and not an easy game, but you know in England there are never any easy games - especially against Leicester, who have a good squad," Conte explained. "Despite making eight changes, the Leicester team was good and strong, so, for this reason, we have to be delighted we got three points." READ MORE: Frank Lampard rubs salt into Chelsea wounds with Everton celebration  He also hailed his players for remaining in the fight for a Champions League return after inheriting a squad in disarray in November. Conte also highlighted the hosts' ability to exploit space against Leicester for special praise. He added: "It was of vital importance to us to stay in this race [for Champions League]. "No one could have imagined when I arrived in November that we could be in this race still, but these players are deserving to fight for such an important place. It is not easy to qualify for the Champions League in England. I think we were more clinical in this game. There was space for us, and we exploited it very well. That was the key." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here. 