Likewise in the world of leadership, a CEO is always recommended to promote the best people, as they will do a good job and make you, the boss look even better to your shareholders. Sadly the PM has demonstrated the opposite. When he took office, he appointed a low-quality Cabinet line up to make him look even bigger as the King of the Jungle. But he has paid the price. Delivery by so many of these Cabinet members has been woeful and performance has suffered as a result. Lord David Frost is seen as one of the big beasts in the Jungle. He also appears to be from a group that was nearing extinction in Parliament; the true Conservative. A true Conservative - someone who believes in cutting taxes to create growth, a smaller state and sensible ways to reduce emissions rather than the impoverishment that Boris’ Net Zero plans will bring. He resigned last December saying Boris Johnson was the right man to be Prime Minister.. just with the wrong policies. He has also recently expressed a clear wish to resign from the House of Lords to become an MP in order to have a more positive influence on the direction of our country. Yet, very strangely, he is not going for one of the safest seats in the country, Tiverton & Honiton. Why is this? My hunch is that the PM and his supporters do not want Lord Frost on the Commons benches. The many Conservative constituents there would surely be very enthusiastic for him, instead of being tempted by the active Lib Dems to send a message to Westminster. Many Tory MPs currently suffer Boris as their leader with sighs and shrugs muttering “there is no one else” or “ who would replace him”. The moment that Lord Frost appears in the Commons these points disappear. He would instantly be joint-favourite to replace Boris. He is a natural Conservative who would appeal to Tory members and the public. So behind the scenes, much political skulduggery is bound to be going on. Local associations will be urged only to select a local candidate. Expect quiet chat about his character to filter through. Imagine instead David Frost as Deputy PM and leading one of the great offices of State. A firm hand on an important tiller. Many natural Conservatives would be thrilled and Boris’ position would ironically be stronger not weaker. His voting base would relish a grown-up in the room. In a well run FTSE 100 firm, a smart CEO would make David Frost a key executive member of the Board. In the Conservative party, do not hold your breath. The country is the real loser, when good people are kept out of top positions.