The fourth series of Unforgotten saw DCI Cassie Stuart (played by Nicola Walker) tragically killed and Sunny (Sanjeev Bhaskar) will have to deal with the fallout of her death. He will also have a new boss in the form of DCI Jessie James (Sinéad Keenan). Speaking to Express.co.uk, actor Sanjeev teased what fans can expect when Sunny returns with his backpack for the fifth outing on ITV. Talking at the BAFTA TV Awards in London, he explained: "It sort of continues the story a little bit from series four. "Sunny is dealing with a degree of grief, the loss of his friend and partner. "That has an impact on this story and what else can I tell you? That's about it. "The backpack is back so I've been carrying that around for a bit." READ MORE: Anne Hegerty replacement speaks out on 'terrifying' Beat the Chasers However, he added there's a twist in terms of the story this time around as all of the suspects will be of different ages, which has never been the case before. "It's one where the dynamic changes," Sanjeev detailed. "So in terms of format it's similar to others that a body is found, the suspects seem unconnected at a point but they are all connected with a range of sort of ages in the suspects, which I don't think has happened before. "They've always been of an age group. In this one, they're quite different too." The actor joked he would have to be on his best behaviour as he was expected to be on set filming the next day. "It's interesting, I'm filming tomorrow morning, way too early tomorrow morning so I have to be careful about how much I drink or what I drink today," he told the press. "It's great. It's one that - it's difficult to tell you without giving anything away but yeah, she's come in, Sinead's character has come in as my boss, as Sunny's boss and it's not the best place Sunny would wish to be in. "So let's just say that is where we kick off." DON'T MISS:Steph McGovern forced to change BAFTA TV Awards look last minuteAlison Hammond showcases trim figure at BAFTA TV AwardsLorraine Kelly mocks Boris for 'underestimating' Susanna Reid ITV confirmed Sinéad would be taking over from Nicola as Sunny's boss in March this year and the actress couldn't be more excited to join the hit series. She said at the time: "I have long been an admirer of Chris Lang’s work, so I am absolutely delighted to be joining the Unforgotten team. "I’m very much looking forward to working with the extraordinary cast led by the brilliant and incredibly lovely, Sanjeev Bhaskar. "And I’m hoping that if I play my cards right I might even get to take a peek in Sunny’s backpack!" Executive producer Chris Lang added: "And so it begins, a new Unforgotten journey, and it’s scary, for Sunny and the Bishop Street team, for the audience, for all of us. "But it’s also very, very, exciting, and I cannot wait for you to meet DCI Jessica ‘Jessie’ James, played by the always brilliant, Sinéad Keenan." A release date for the new series of Unforgotten is yet to be confirmed but fans will be hoping to see it back on screens soon. The BAFTA TV Awards air Sunday on BBC One from 6pm and will be on BBC iPlayer after.