Data from the Department for Transport found that there were more than 134,000 drivers over the age of 90 still on the roads. At present, there are around 5.7 million drivers aged over 70 - almost double the number in 2012. The number of drivers over the age of 85 will double to one million by 2025. It was suggested last year that the DVLA should require evidence of a recent eyesight test at age 75. It also called for the mandatory self declaration age to be raised to 75, up from the current age of 70. The automatic requirement for drivers to notify the DVLA at age 70 of any medical condition that may affect safe driving should be raised to 75. READ MORE: The car brands that hold their value best The medical condition notification requirement was introduced more than 50 years ago when life spans were a decade shorter. The Task Force said there is no convincing evidence today that drivers in the 70-75 age group present a special general risk justifying this requirement John Plowman, Chairman of the Older Drivers Task Force, said more should be done to help elderly motorists be more comfortable on the roads. He added: “There are fast growing numbers of older people and increasingly older drivers, many of whom have led a car-dependent life. DON'T MISSHow to add thousands to the value of your car [INSIGHT]Hydrogen vehicles should cost the same to run as diesel by 2030 [INNOVATION]Switch to EVs is 'happening now' - drivers ditch petrol and diesel [SHOCKING] “Without the car, contact with friends and family is more difficult, other activities shopping, sporting and cultural – are constrained. Health and well-being suffers. “The social and economic burden on society increases, often unnecessarily. “The aim of the Task Force was straightforward: to find ways of helping older drivers to continue to drive safely for longer.” The aim of the Older Drivers Task Force is to improve the framework, advice, self-help and technology available to support the fast growing number of older drivers. So what do YOU think? Should there be a maximum driving age in the UK? Vote in our poll and join the debate in the comment section below.