From ‘you must hand-wash a wool sweater’ to ‘washing at 30 degrees doesn’t really clean’, when it comes to laundry everybody’s got their own take on what you should and shouldn’t do. Most after the quickest and cheapest method to solve their washing dilemmas. While there are some really great laundry hacks out there that can save you time and money when it comes to washing clothes, there are also quite a few laundry myths out there that could waste your time and could also make your laundry dilemma worse. To help homeowners out, Lara Brittain, Kitchen Expert at Currys has debunked three of the most common laundry myths and included some real facts that you can use to make your washing and laundry that little bit easier. One popular myth you’ve probably heard is that “the more detergent you add, the cleaner your clothes will be”, but Lara explained that this is not the case. She said: “If you’re washing a bigger load, or your children’s sports clothes, you’d be forgiven for thinking that more detergent would get clothes cleaner. “Detergent takes a long time to dissolve and using too much makes it harder to wash it out.” Since many detergents these days are concentrated, homeowners are advised to check the detergent label for how much detergent to use for their size load and washer. READ MORE: Laundry: ‘Important’ tips to ‘properly’ wash duvets for ‘best results’ However, the expert noted that this is not always a problem for modern washing machines. Lara said: “Fortunately, many washing machines pre-mix the detergent and softener with water before it enters the drum. “The detergent is fully dissolved, with the mix getting to work immediately. That means you can go easy on the detergent and still get great results.” Other laundry myths commonly thought of as fact is that tumble dryers will destroy delicate clothes made from materials like wool or silk. Lara explained: “You can tumble dry woollens and silks with the right tumble dryer, since newer dryers will have special cycles for drying delicates such as wool or even silk. DON'T MISS: How to get rid of ‘dangerous’ poison hemlock from gardens quickly [INSIGHT]Gardening task that should ‘always’ be left to professionals [TIPS]Pruning tips: Always ‘remember the 3 D’s’ when pruning all plants [EXPERT] “This saves you having to hang up that chunky knit sweater for days on end.” Using the delicate setting will help ensure these items last, preventing stretching and fraying as well as fading. Always check the label on a particular item, however, as even the delicate setting may not suit some items. Surely, the temperature of the water would have a profound effect on how clean clothes come out of the washing machine. Washing at 30 degrees used to mean you compromised on cleaning power – while washing towels or bed sheets at a cooler temperature were a complete no-no. However, this is no longer the case as the expert noted that “30 is the new 60”. Lara said: “Modern washing machines work wonderfully at lower temperatures. “They can even purify water of harsh minerals so that detergent is activated at much lower temperatures. “The result? Cleaning benefits of a 60 degree wash at just 30 degrees. This is great for the environment and your energy bills too.” Another laundry myth is that all hand wash items “must” be hand washed. Putting wool or silk in the washing machine seems wrong – for generations we’ve been warned they must be hand-washed only. Lara explained that handwashing can actually “stress the fibres”, rather than keeping it in pristine condition. She said: “The right washing machine can be even gentler than washing by hand. “They have smoother drum surfaces and rotations, so you can wash silk, linen and wool in the machine without snagging or stretching.” Washing machines have a delicate setting that can be used, but if yours does not wash on a cooler setting and on a short wash cycle.