Images released by the Russian Ministry of Defense yesterday show huge explosions coming from Russian artillery in Ukraine. The images show Russian soldiers using the Malka weapon - a self-propelled artillery installation capable of firing various types of ammunition, including active-reactive and special ammunition with a nuclear warhead. This comes after the Kyiv School of Economics (KSE) revealed that Russia's invasion of Ukraine is inflicting $4.5bn (£3.6bn) worth of damage to Ukraine's infrastructure every week. The total amount of direct infrastructure damage has reached $92bn (£73.7bn) since the invasion began on February 24 2022. At least 33,000 sq metres of residential buildings have suffered damage during the war, estimated to be worth almost $30bn (£24bn) in total. More than 23,000km of road and 90,000 cars have been damaged or destroyed in the onslaught. Meanwhile last month, the International Monetary Fund said Ukraine’s economy is likely to contract by about 35 percent this year. The loss of life, destruction of infrastructure and exodus of workers would severely impact its economy in the longer term, it said, even if the war ends soon. UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson suggested in March that Ukraine might need a "new Marshall plan" to help it recover. The Marshall Plan was a US aid package used after the second world war to help rebuild European economies. The IMF has provided $1.4bn (£1.1bn) in emergency financing to help meet Ukraine’s immediate spending needs, while the World Bank is mobilising financial support worth about $2.5bn. READ MORE: Fireball erupts after Russian-controlled oil depot bursts into flames However, Russian forces have also suffered heavy losses. At least 15,000 Russian troops are thought to have been killed in the war so far, according to UK Defence Secretary Ben Wallace. Mr Wallace also said that 2,000 Russian armoured vehicles have been destroyed or captured, including 530 tanks. More than 60 Russian helicopters and fighter jets have also been lost. DON'T MISS: Russian soldiers 'raping Ukrainian men and boys' [REPORT] Unhinged Russian media claims Ukraine using 'satanic black magic' [REVEAL] Fireball erupts after Russian-controlled oil depot bursts into flames [INSIGHT] Despite scaling back their assault on Kyiv and Chernihiv, Russian forces continue to attack the eastern regions of Ukraine. In the city of Mariupol, Russian forces continue to launch airstrikes on the Azovstal steelworks area, which contains the last pocket of the region's resistance. The assault began after some civilian survivors were evacuated from the plant. However, it is believed that about 200 civilians are still inside the steelworks, Mariupol Mayor Vadym Boichenko said. He said that 100,000 remain in Mariupol as a whole.