Most women want to look younger, but don’t want to go under the knife or pay hundreds of pounds for skincare products. High street beauty retailer, The Body Shop, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about its Drops of Youth range. In particular, there is one product, that is set to “strengthen the skin” and leave a “healthy-looking glow”. Drops of Youth is a skincare range that “celebrates healthy skin at every age”. As for what ingredients make the Drops of Youth range so great, a spokesperson said: “The main ingredient in the Drops of Youth range is edelweiss. “Thriving in extreme weather conditions and altitudes in the Italian Alps, edelweiss is marvelled for its resilience and its power to protect and repair itself. “You’ll find edelweiss stem cells inside every bottle of The Body Shop’s Drops of Youth™ range. “And it’s this hero ingredient that helps give your skin that fresh, hydrated feeling all day long.” READ MORE: How to look younger: Get 'firm, tight-looking skin' in 4 steps Drops of Youth Concentrate is an extremely popular product, with a 4.7 out of five-star rating online, and “one sold every minute in the UK”. “The lightweight serum aims to give you that fresh-faced, healthy-looking glow. “Now bottled with 99 percent natural origin ingredients, including edelweiss stem cells, this world-famous serum helps protect skin from the effects of daily environmental aggressors while retaining moisture for smoother-looking, fresher-feeling skin every day. “It only takes a couple of drops to help skin feel strengthened and more supple,” The Body Shop explained. And if that doesn’t convince you, the Concentrate is a great product, the raving online reviews might. Zuzana wrote: “Looking 10 years younger! Ever since I started using this product I am getting so many compliments, people think I had something done to my face!” DON'T MISS...Meghan was ‘moved to take centre stage’ at polo with Harry [PHOTOS]Aldi shoppers share clever checkout hack to pack items at the till [INSIDER]Two forms of exercises that ‘burn calories’ and ‘decrease fat’ [EXCLUSIVE] Debs added: “Love this!! This has made a real difference to my skin. It feels so refreshed and my skin is so much brighter after only a few weeks.” The Drops of Youth Concentrate has been nicknamed “botox in a bottle” by fans, and Lisa agreed with this: “Am holding off having Botox! Really happy with this product.” Also in the range is the Drops of Youth Liquid Peel which “exfoliates and gently peels off impurities from your skin”. “The peel goes on smoothly, then transforms from gel to peel. You then rinse to lift away impurities, dead skin cells and pollutants, leaving skin looking clean and feeling fresh. “The lactic acid which gives this formula its peeling properties is well-tolerated by even sensitive skins and even boasts hydrating and soothing properties. “What’s more, the formula is vegan and made with 93 percent ingredients of natural origin, including edelweiss stem cells which are rich in antioxidants and known for their extraordinary protective powers,” the spokesperson added. For anyone looking for a “24-hour hydration”, the Bouncy Jelly Mist can be “spritzed on the go”. The Drops of Youth range is suitable for all skin types and colours. “The properties of edelweiss have also been shown to maintain skin barrier health, as well as smooth the skin’s surface, helping you keep a radiantly fresh face, whatever your age,” the spokesperson explained. Having achieved glowing skin after using the products from the Drops of Youth range, The Body Shop has shared its expert tips for the no-makeup makeup look. 1 - It’s all about that base A base layer to build from or blend into is a great place to start, especially for even coverage. Using a face base, like a primer or light powder, will give you a smooth, breathable base to start your minimal look. 2 - Tailor your coverage Tailoring your coverage to what makes you feel most confident is key. For a dewier coverage, the Fresh Nude Foundation will give you a radiant looking, fresh-faced finish. For areas that need more coverage, concealer is your go-to for covering up any blemishes or dark circles. 3 - Brush Up the Brow Embracing your natural brows is essential when going for the minimal look. Enhance your brows with a clear brow gel by simply brushing and shaping them into place. 4 - Blend the blush Rosy, flushed cheeks are a MUST when trying to achieve the no-makeup-makeup look but keeping it subtle is key. Using a cheek stain or liquid blush means you can mute the colour by blending the blush with your base, giving your cheeks a natural warmth. 5 - Go easy on the eyes Going light on the lashes is a wonderful way to highlight your eyes' natural colour. Simply curling your lashes and applying a clear lash gel can boost the appearance of your eyes and elongate your lashes without making them look too heavy.