A well-maintained, striped lawn can look stunning in a garden. However, achieving that look is not always the easiest task, even for a well-seasoned gardener. Watering, feeding, reseeding, aerating, scarifying and weeding are all needed to achieve the lawn “perfection”. Instead, Hollie Newton, chief creative officer at Sproutl has suggested gardeners try and go for a more “low maintenance” look. Hollie said there are “different approaches” when it comes to garden lawns. She told Express.co.uk: “My approach is to have a bit of perfect lawn and not a lot of high-upkeep lawns. “I’m aiming for an area and then increasingly bringing the borders in as it goes.” READ MORE: Interior design tips: Paint pro on why you should 'avoid white' walls One way gardeners can have a more “low maintenance” lawn is by leaving it longer in some places or having areas with wildflowers. She continued: “It’s trendy to have areas with wildflowers and [grass] a bit longer. “I’d really look at your lawn and think which of the bits do you really want to use for a picnic rug or for football and things, and which are the bits that you really want to just look nice. “I think right now, sowing wildflowers and wild grasses within the lawn is the very right time.”  DON'T MISS‘They won’t come back’: How to remove dandelions from lawns [INSIGHT]Hydrangeas soil - the soil you need to help your garden plant grow [UPDATE]Weeding tips: ‘Super effective’ way to naturally kill paving weeds [ANALYSIS] The gardening expert said it’s “really helpful” to have as much “wild stuff” in the garden as possible to encourage pollinators and insects. Wildlife as well as pollinators can help gardeners by eating pests which an attack vegetable patches. However, Hollie also said it’s “low maintenance” to leave a garden more wild. She continued: “I’m all for low maintenance and it’s amazing for insects and the biodiversity of your garden. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “It’s quite nice to have wildlife corridors. “So if you’re planning a border, that section behind the fence, that’s quite nice to leave. “Things like not always putting cuttings in the green bin but maybe having a pile where you leave it for nature out of sight is a really helpful thing to do.” May is also a good month for gardeners to use lawn feed and seed. Gardeners can use a “specialist spring feed” and even aerate their lawn to ease any compacted sections of grass. Aeration allows air, water and other nutrients to penetrate the grass more easily.  Hollie said some people may find they need different types of lawn feed. She said: “What sort of lawn seed should you be using? “There’s tough shade seed, there’s really hardwearing dogs and children seed.” However, Hollie said there may be part of a lawn where gardeners should “give up”. Hollie said: “If you keep trying with a lawn and it’s not working, you can just abandon it.” She suggested looking at planting ground cover instead. “There’s knowing when to give-in and lean in to your [garden’s] design,” she added.