  Actress Amber Heard, 36, took to the stand earlier this week in the ongoing libel case brought against her by ex-husband Johnny Depp, 58. While on the stand, she claimed that the Pirates of the Caribbean actor was violent and sexually abusive towards her, but in turn his team said that she was giving “the performance of her life”.      Johnny’s legal team didn’t hold back as they slammed Amber’s shocking testimony about their marriage, reducing it down to a mere “performance”. After the Aquaman actress took to the stand on Thursday, a spokesperson for Johnny said: “As [his] counsel predicted in their opening statements last month Ms Heard did indeed deliver ‘the performance of her life’ in her direct examination. “While Ms Heard’s stories have continued to grow new and convenient details, Mr Depp’s recollections have remained exactly the same throughout the six painful years since her first allegations were made. “His truth – the truth – is the same no matter the environment in which it has been presented. READ MORE: Jane Fonda, 84, reflects on 'final act' in career in new interview    “The upcoming cross-examination from Mr Depp’s team will be most telling and will highlight the many fallacies Ms Heard has now attempted to pass off as fact throughout her convoluted testimony.” In response, Amber’s spokesperson hit back: “As evidenced by the statement released, Mr Depp’s defamation claim is falling apart so rapidly that his counsel are turning from prosecutor to persecutor. “They boast that Mr Depp’s story has not changed,” they continued. “If so, since he lost the Domestic Violence Restraining Order and he resoundingly lost the libel case in the UK, perhaps he should consider a new strategy rather than the recycled approach of attacking the victim and refusing to take responsibility for his own conduct.      “Mr Depp's behaviour in this trial has been as pitiful as it was in their marriage. “Apparently, they feel they must double-down on their demonstrably losing two-part strategy: distract the jury and demonise the victim.” During her evidence, Amber claimed to the court that her ex-husband Johnny had repeatedly verbally, physically and sexually abused her. Johnny denies all allegations of abuse. READ MORE... Steph McGovern and partner forced to make change due to daughter  [INSIGHT] Nicole Kidman, 54, looks almost unrecognisable in make-up free photo [UPDATE] Amber Heard's low-cut charity event dress she says sparked fury shown [LATEST]     On Thursday, the jury also heard claims that Johnny had accused Amber of having an affair with British actor Eddie Redmayne while they were filming The Danish Girl in 2015. Johnny is currently in the process of suing his ex-wife in a $50 million libel case over an article she wrote in The Washington Post in 2018. In the article, Amber claimed to be a domestic violence survivor, though she didn't name Johnny as the perpetrator. Johnny claims that he was the implied abuser and that it destroyed his career.      The trial seats seven jurors and is expected to last around six weeks. Amber is also counter-suing her ex-husband for $100 million. She accuses Johnny of orchestrating a “smear campaign” against her and describes his lawsuit as a continuation of “abuse and harassment”. The court battle, which is taking place at a court in Fairfax, Virginia, is due to resume on Monday.   