The Queen is due to mark her Platinum Jubilee next month with celebrations from June 2 to 5, including a balcony appearance. Members of the Royal Family are expected to gather on the iconic balcony following the Trooping of the Colour to watch a traditional RAF fly-past on June 2. The Queen's appearance on the balcony of Buckingham Palace to mark her Platinum Jubilee is at risk following recent mobility issues. The Queen has been absent from several recent engagements and the Palace announced yesterday that the 96-year-old monarch will not be attending summer garden parties at Buckingham Palace, with younger royals taking over her traditional duty. The Queen has missed numerous engagements outside palace walls since late October 2021 and is often pictured using a walking stick. Her Majesty’s latest withdrawal has added to concerns about whether she can attend events from June 2 to 5 to celebrate her Platinum Jubilee. A royal source told the Daily Mail last week: “It could still happen, but it is by no means guaranteed that we will see the Queen on the balcony during the Jubilee.” Royal aides are said to be putting together a “Plan B” for the celebrations next month if the Queen is too frail. The Queen has dedicated her life to service, but the public has been told to assume she will not attend events, with confirmation given on the day. Royal expert Neil Sean said that the Queen is determined to appear on the balcony alongside the rest of the Royal Family. Speaking in the latest episode of his YouTube channel Neil Sean's Daily News Headlines, he said: “What I am assured is that whatever happens, Her Majesty The Queen sees this [the balcony appearance] as a basic thing that she would wish to do for the Commonwealth, for her public, for her subjects. “She really wants to make sure that we get that opportunity to see her on this very special and auspicious occasion.” The Palace faces questions on whether the Royal Family should continue the tradition without the Queen. So what do YOU think? Should the Platinum Jubilee balcony go ahead without the Queen? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below. Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have reportedly been invited to make an appearance on the Buckingham Palace balcony alongside the Royal Family. The couple has been invited to appear at family events during the Jubilee celebrations, which include the balcony appearance and service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral. Meghan and Harry relocated to California two years ago, following their decision to step down as senior members of the Royal Family. Last month, they made their first joint trip to the UK since their departure to visit the Queen at Windsor Castle on their way to the Netherlands for the Invictus Games. It remains uncertain as to whether the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will be present at the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Meghan and Harry last joined the Royal Family on Buckingham Palace’s balcony for Trooping of the Colour in 2019. They also made appearances on the balcony at Trooping of the Colour in 2018 and to mark the centenary of the Royal Air Force the same year. When asked about the Jubilee in a recent interview, Harry said that he did not know whether he and his family would be in attendance. He told NBC’S Hoda Kotb last month: "I don’t know yet, there’s lots of things – security issues and everything else. “So this is what I’m trying to do, trying to make it possible that, you know, I can get my kids to meet her [the Queen]." So what do YOU think? Should Meghan Markle and Prince Harry make a balcony appearance? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.  Prince Andrew could make an appearance on the Buckingham Palace balcony during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The Queen’s second son played a major role in supporting his mother at Prince Philip’s memorial service in March. This marked the Duke of York’s first public appearance since settling out-of-court in respect of the civil lawsuit brought by his sexual assault accuser Virginia Giuffre. The Duke vigorously denied the allegation of sexual assault on multiple occasions and the settlement is not an admission of guilt. The settlement has been reported to be in the region of £12million. DON'T MISS:'Gobsmacked!' Meghan had 'astonishing' feud at 'first party' at Buckingham Palace [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle 'loathed' England but may 'come back for biggest role', expert claims [VIDEO]Queen gives up summer garden parties, leaving tradition to younger royals [REPORT] Andrew stepped back from royal duties after his Newsnight interview in 2019, and has since been stripped of his royal titles. The Queen’s decision to be accompanied by Andrew is thought to reflect that the service was a family event. There are claims Andrew might escort his mother again to the Platinum Jubilee service at St Paul's Cathedral on June 3. The balcony is also considered to be a family occasion, meaning Andrew could be in attendance. It is believed that the Queen has a soft spot for Andrew, who is said to be her favourite child. A royal source told Express.co.uk last month: “Prince Andrew does want to participate in the Platinum Jubilee celebrations and to be present at the St Paul’s Cathedral service of thanksgiving and to pay tribute to the Queen’s magnificent 70 years of public service. “The Prince and Queen do have a close bond. The Queen knows exactly what she is doing. She’s very much in charge." So what do YOU think? Should Prince Andrew make a balcony appearance? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.