Derry Girls will be airing its swansong this evening (May 18) with fans getting a 45-minute special. After debuting in 2018, the show has become a global hit after landing on Netflix with fans loving the teens’ misadventures. The final instalment is set a year after the penultimate episode with the gang heading into their final year at school amid the referendum on the Good Friday Agreement - a decision which helped to end the worst of The Troubles. Creator McGee drew on her own experiences of growing up in Derry when she wrote the series. Although the storylines in Derry Girls are fictional, the show has referred to real-life events including US President Bill Clinton’s visit as well as a missing polar from Belfast Zoo albeit the latter was an incident from the 1970s. Derry Girls also features archival footage of news reports from the time documenting the peace process. The show received a positive reception in the UK and Ireland for its depiction of the Troubles and juxtaposing life as a teen in such a turbulent period in an authentic way. READ MORE: EastEnders theory: Beloved family torn apart in resident exit plot Real-life Derry girl Serena Terry said of the show's authenticity: "It's extremely accurate in terms of the timeline of the troubles and continues to reference historical moments leading up to the Peace Process including 1994 IRA ceasefire announcement and the 1995 visit to Derry of President Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton." Serena, who is better known to her online fans as Mammy Banter, said how the show very much rang true to her, who also attended an all-girls Catholic school in the non-digital era. Much like the Derry Girls gang, Serena and her friends would hang out and attend discos. She said: "There were always Land Rovers and soldiers everywhere. I remember when I was about five or six asking a soldier if I could hold his gun, he said no but gave me some sweets." She added: "We didn’t have much, but we did have fun." Reflecting on some of the moments from the comedy which rang true to her own life, she explained how the episode where the gang and their families went on holiday south to avoid violence during marching season. The season typically runs between April and August with the 12 July celebrations, commemorating the Protestant monarch King William of Orange's victory over Catholic King James II at the Battle of Boyne in 1690. Serena said: "Riots were always a certainty so most Catholics tended to leave the city and head to Donegal or further down south. DON'T MISS...Is there a season 4 of Derry Girls? [INSIGHT]Real-life Derry Girl 'devastated' over Channel 4 comedy ending  [EXCLUSIVE]Derry Girls fans gobsmacked as Liam Neeson makes guest appearance [REACTION] "This meant our parents having to exchange their pounds for ‘punts’ (Irish currency at the time) and our mothers needing their ‘punt purse’ just like Ma Mary. "We also had to go through checkpoints to get over the border which you see the Derry Girls crew do in the same episode." The author praised the show for capturing the essence of the era both through the costumes and the evocative soundtrack, which has included The Cranberries, The Spice Girls, B*Witched, and The Corrs, among many others. Serena and her sister even had some of the items the characters were wearing in the show, such is the degree of authenticity in the series. Terry said although the plotlines were fictional, it was a "heartwarming representation of how teenagers in Ireland continued to try and live their lives as best they could, all the while being in the middle of conflict". The comedienne went on to say: "It’s a stark representation of how much we all normalised aspects of the troubles, the presence of the British Army in the streets, bomb scares and riots. "From the outside looking in and from what other countries seen via news reports, we did actually all take it in our stride, because we had strong communities and the bond between friends and families was heightened. "We didn’t realise that this was resilience and you don’t until you look back and take it all in. I think Lisa McGee highlighted this beautifully." Mammy Banter: The Secret Life of an Uncool Mum by Serena Terry is available to buy now Derry Girls airs on Channel 4 tonight at 9pm