Netflix crime drama Ozark hit screens in 2017 with a dark aesthetic mirroring the tone of the show. Ozark has set itself apart from other dramas which fall into a similar vein by featuring a distinctive title card for each episode. Every instalment has its own special title card with four symbols rings by the O from Ozark. Understandably, viewers have been curious to know what these signs and symbols mean. From the looks of it, each of the symbols foreshadows what’s to come in the episode. Ozark fans on Reddit also went into more detail about the various signs with GregTheGreat saying: "All of the symbols tease important objects or plot points for that. "If you look closely, they all spell the Z A R K for Ozark too with their shapes." READ MORE: Ozark cancelled: Why has Ozark been cancelled? User KatMot added about the symbols: "They are the acts of each episode." So, the title cards are very important and something which will be continuing right until the fourth and final series. However, some of the objects are not obvious in how they represent the plot point and so don’t give away massive plot points before the episode. Nonetheless, once an instalment comes to a close - revisiting the title card makes things more clear with the objects often featured in the episode or representative of something in the storyline. For instance, in the season three finale titled All In, the title card featured a model aeroplane, a Virgin Mary image, a six-pack can of beer and a ring. Each of these had significances with the aircraft similar to the one Marty (played by Jason Bateman) and Wendy Byrde (Laura Linney) took to Mexico when they met with Omar Navarro (Felix Solis). Sadly, it also spelled the end for the cartel’s attorney Helen Pierce (Janet McTeer) who didn’t get back on the aeroplane after she was shot dead by the mobster’s henchmen. The Virgin Mary seemed to refer to the hit by a rival cartel on Navarro while he was attending the christening of his newborn son with his girlfriend. Finally, the beer cans appear to refer to Ruth (Julia Garner) and Wyatt Langmore (Charlie Tahan) having a chat about her boyfriend Ben Davis (Tom Pelphrey) who was executed under Wendy’s orders. The ring is a reference to Dermody (Kevin L. Johnson) which he revealed was made out of his mother’s remains. From the looks of it, some of the symbols have greater meaning than others but all hold plot clues. Speaking about the show coming to an end, showrunner Chris Mundy said: “You’re going to learn what they want their end game to be, and they’re going to have to reckon with it a little bit. DON'T MISS...Ozark: Why didn't Jason Bateman want to take on Marty Byrde role? [EXPLAINER]Ozark: Why did Senator Blake actor Rodney Lee Rogers really leave? [INSIGHT]Ozark theory: Who did Jonah shoot in Ozark? [ANALYSIS] “If they’re [Marty and Wendy] trying to look to see if there’s an out, they’ve got to figure out if that’s what they want, and if so, what’s the version of it that they want.” Mundy added to Deadline: "Then reckoning with that after so much chaos — that’s going to bubbling under the surface.” The show will also see Ruth perhaps finally figuring out what she wants and becoming a key player. Additionally, fans can expect lots of death on the cards as the nature of Ozark. Ozark is streaming on Netflix now