Jamie Oliver, 46, turned up at Downing Street waving an Eton Mess pudding to demand Prime Minister Boris Johnson bans multibuy and Buy-One-Get-One-Free deals in shops and supermarkets. The popular chef called for his 15 million Twitter and Instagram followers to descend on Westminster and demand a U-turn on the policy this morning - but less than 200 people turned up as poverty campaigners branded him tone deaf. Many social media users have since taken to Twitter and slammed the on-screen star for his "attack on the working class" amid the current cost of living crisis. With soaring supermarket prices, increasing bills and low level wages, people argued Jamie has picked the wrong time for his protest, which he branded Eton Mess. For the protest, Oliver encouraged members of the public to turn up at number 10 with bowls of the dessert at 12.30pm on May 20. But the action sparked backlash online, with social media users condemning the chef for protesting cheap food during the spiralling cost of living crisis which has caused the worst drop in living standards since the 1950s. READ MORE: Monty Don shares first photos after welcoming new family arrival  Twitter user, @NateandDestroy fumed: "I see Jamie Oliver is once again attacking working class families by pretending to care about the food they eat. How about instead of scrapping money saving deals on food, we make healthy food cheaper? We help the cost of living? We give better access to child care? Raging Tory." @theashrb commented: "Jamie Oliver is becoming increasingly tone deaf, and maybe HE is the one that needs an Eton mess pudding in his face." @SueWill echoed: "Instead of 'Middle Class Warrior' Jamie Oliver protesting about kids getting fat, how about he protests about them getting fed instead. Yes, obesity is an issue that needs tackling but in the current climate, kids starving is a more pertinent problem surely?" @Josharron remarked: "I hope when Jamie Oliver returns to his multimillion-pound home after a long day of making food access less equitable during a cost of living crisis, he feels a great sense of pride and accomplishment."  @ArchRose wrote: "It takes a special kind of self righteous soul like Jamie Oliver, to protest for food to become more expensive in the midst of a cost of living crisis." @SimmySimz added: "I appreciate Jamie Oliver wanting to fix the kids health issue, but there are parents who atm can’t even feed their children ONE meal a day let alone a healthy one. Can we sort out that one first?"(sic) However, others were less critical of Jamie's protest as they praised the celebrity chef. @Isakira wrote: "Well done Jamie. It's so important to make sure our children are eating healthy nutritious meals, and are being educated this way. Increase offers on healthy foods making them more affordable for all, and reduce junk food advertising." DON'T MISS... Steph McGovern receives support after she's pictured crying at home[LATEST]Nadia Sawalha spills out of 'Kim Kardashian bikini' in stunning pics[PICTURES]Carol McGiffin says co-stars threw 'insults' before cancel culture[EXCLUSIVE] @mls411 penned: "Just imagine what could be done if you and @MarcusRashford got together!" @Kniveton added: "Well done Jamie, at least somebody cares about our children's health." Taking to the micro-blogging site today, Jamie thanked protestors who supported his cause. He wrote: "A massive THANK YOU  to everyone that came to @10DowningStreet today – we did what we needed to do, to officially hold the government to account on their #ChildHealthUTurn! We shall continue to push on." Speaking about the celebrity chef's protest, Mr Johnson insisted that scrapping these deals would worsen the cost of living crisis by increasing the price of a weekly shop. The Prime Minister said that the Government would not change its mind on delaying the introduction of a ban on buy-one-get-one-free promotions - even if some of the foods are high in fat, sugar or salt. He said: "If people can save on their food bills with some offers then I think we've just got to be flexible while continuing to tackle obesity." Britons also urged the celebrity chef to "read the room" and stop pushing for a "nanny state" when millions are using food banks and choosing between eating and heating.