Cristiano Ronaldo might just have slipped on what the future holds for the Manchester United star ahead of the summer transfer window after a quip to the TV cameras. It came after another fine night for the 37-year-old on Monday as the Red Devils beat Brentford. Much has been made of Ronaldo's future ahead of the summer transfer window with the impending arrival of Erik ten Hag. But the Portuguese superstar has proved once again why he is still the main man at the club. The 37-year-old was in fine form against Brentford and was on the scoresheet - albeit from the penalty spot - as United ran out 3-0 winners at Old Trafford on Monday night. It was his surging run and strength that won the spot-kick, though, drawing a silly foul from Rico Henry. Bruno Fernandes and Raphael Varane were also on the scoresheet as the Red Devils played their final match of the season at Old Trafford. The players made a lap of honour at full-time amid a difficult campaign for the club. Unless Arsenal and Tottenham implode, it will be a year in the Europa League for United next season - a situation that Ronaldo will find completely new. That is if he sticks around but his short quip to TV cameras as he walked off the pitch will give fans hope. As he waved to the crowd with a big grin on his face, the five-time Ballon d'Or winner appeared to say "I'm not finished." With speculation running hot ahead of the summer, that could be a sign that Ronaldo will be ready to wreak havoc next year. Despite question marks over his arrival, there has been no denying that without his goals then United would be in a much more precarious situation. His strike on Monday night took him to 18 in the Premier League and 24 for the season. Bruno Fernandes is the next top scorer at the club with 10. Ronaldo's second coming at United has been fraught with disaster that has occurred out of his hands, including the appointment of Ralf Rangnick. The German coach took over on an interim basis from Ole Gunnar Solskjaer but has admitted his stint has not been good enough. "I'm not completely happy with those six months. I would have expected to qualify for the Champions League; that was the goal we had," he said. "We lost quite a lot of important players. "From the team that won against West Ham [on 22 January], for the next game three players were injured. Other teams brought in players in the window.