Interior design is just one way homeowners can put their own stamp onto their property. Designing a home can be hard, especially with there being so many different paints, furniture and furnishings on the market. However, for those selling their homes and wanting to “add value” to the home, one expert has said to go for natural colours. Elaine Penhaul, interior expert and owner of national home staging company Lemon and Lime, said: “Steer away from creating dramatic feature walls or using bright colours. “These are often dependent on personal taste. “They can also put buyers off. “By repainting your walls in tonal, neutral colours, you can easily freshen up the look of the property.” READ MORE: Always use the ‘four P’s’ to stop slugs and snails ‘wreaking havoc’ Repainting before you sell can save the buyer the “painstaking job of repainting”. Using neutral colours creates the perfect base for any homeowner and allows them to put their own stamp on it. The expert added: “This can add value to the home and make it more attractive to the eye. “If you do want to add a splash of colour, purchase accessories in a matching accent colour to create cohesion throughout the home. DON'T MISS:‘Best’ way to clean ovens using ‘natural ingredients’ [EXPLAINER]‘Easy tips’ to keep fresh flowers ‘blooming’ for longer [COMMENT]‘Easy’ vegetables to grow now which need ‘minimal’ time and attention [INSIGHT] “Making your home aesthetically pleasing and relatable for the buyer, tapping into current trends across interior design, colour and arts and crafts, will make the most impact on the buyer. “This ensures you get as near-to full asking price as possible.” For those wanting to add colour throughout their home, the expert recommended Very Peri, Pantone’s colour of the year for 2022. Elaine said: “It’s a great way to be bold in your colour choices. “Very Peri, a new shade of periwinkle blue, aims to create a dynamic presence and encourages courageous creativity. “It is seen as a colour that reflects the shift towards digital and virtual worlds, a great way to bring in hints of vibrancy to complement the neutral and earthy tones of furnishings.” Bold and harsh colours should also be avoided in the bedroom. According to Kane Hughes, interior design expert at MyJobQuote, strong primary colours are known to have a “severe impact” on the ability to relax. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea This is because they can distract you from relaxing. He said: “To counteract this, designers should consider using softer colour palettes with warm tones throughout the bedroom. “Beige, whites and browns are fairly soft on the eyes, allowing us to drift off easily.” In the kitchen, red is a colour homeowners should avoid. Ryan McDonough, interior design expert at MyJobQuote, said: “Bright reds, oranges and yellows, although cheerful and energetic, also make kitchens feel hot.”