The 2022 Eurovision Song Contest was a night to remember as Ukraine won with their hip-hop track ‘Stefania’. While the UK’s Sam Ryder secured the second spot, it was also revealed that the singer made history with a major award.  As the winners of Eurovision in 2021, Italy hosted the European singing contest in the city of Turin. During the grand final on Saturday, it was revealed that the Ukrainian rap-folk band, Kalush Orchestra, won the 2022 Eurovision Song Contest. They were crowned winners after gaining a score of 631 points. The UK’s Sam Ryder came in second place after his rendition of ‘Space Man,’ which was the country’s best result since 1998. READ MORE: Outlander’s Sam Heughan explains dangerous and ‘illegal’ kilt scene  Ryder also revealed that the result also made history as it received a pioneering award for the UK. Taking to Instagram to share the good news ahead of the final, he posted a photo of himself holding the award. In the caption, he wrote: “WE’RE ALREADY OFF TO A WILD START!!! ‘Space Man’ just won the Marcel Bezençon Press award for BEST SONG at Eurovision 2022…and we haven’t even got on the stage yet. “So if you’re at home and want a little spark of hope - The UK have never won this award!!!”  Ryder continued: “Whatever happens later on I just wanna celebrate this little moment with you all! Thank you, LOVE U!!!” Before Eurovision’s Grand Final, three Marcel Bezençon awards are awarded to celebrate and recognise other major achievements. The UK won the Press Award, which was voted for by the accredited members of the media. Serbia took home the Artistic Award for the best artistic performance, which was voted for by commentators from each participating broadcaster.  DON'T MISS...Escape to the Chateau’s Dick and Angel clashed on family decision [INSIGHT]NCIS LA: Chris O’Donnell’s son stopped from starring in CBS series [INSIGHT]Eurovision winners explain how Ukraine will host 2023 contest [INSIGHT] While Sweden’s team of composers was awarded the Composer Award after receiving the most votes from all the participating composers. It was presented to Cornelia Jakobs, David Zandén, and Isa Molin for the song 'Hold Me Closer'. Sam was favoured by viewers and in the running to win the contest for his rendition of the Queen and Elton John power ballad. The last time the UK won Eurovision was back in 1997 with Katrina and the Waves’ song ‘Love Shine a Light'.  Although the UK didn’t win the contest, Sam securing the second spot for the nation was a major turn in the history of the UK’s appearances. Especially after the 2021 entrant, James Newman was labelled as the “worst” after he was awarded zero points from both the audience and jury votes. The country hasn't been in the top 10 since Jade Ewen came fifth in 2009. Speaking to the BBC after the final Sam disclosed: “This is the tip of an iceberg, the UK is going to be a force next year. It's gonna be mad.” The Eurovision Song Contest 2022 is available on BBC iPlayer. 