Type 2 diabetes stems from a dysfunction in the way the body produces insulin. The primary role of insulin is to regulate blood sugar - the main type of sugar found in blood. Deprived of this mechanism, blood sugar levels can rise to dangerous levels. When your blood sugar levels are too high, the body undergoes changes and these changes represent the symptoms of type 2 diabetes. According to a new study published in the American Academic Scientific Research Journal for Engineering, Technology and Sciences, specific types of food craving can signal very high blood sugar levels. "As food cravings are common for the majority of healthy adults, rigid dietary control and the deprivation from some foods that are not allowed, can trigger the craving for some categories of foods in diabetic patients," wrote the study's researchers. In this study, diabetes type 2 patients and prediabetes patients were asked to share their current HbA1c (blood sugar) levels and to self-report their daily experiences with food cravings. READ MORE: Diabetes: One drink may add two extra hours of ‘normal blood sugar levels’ to your day The aim of the study was to investigate if cravings for a certain kind of foods is strongly related to higher HbA1c levels in diabetic patients. Due to the pandemic, the study used online-based surveys on diabetes type 2 and prediabetes patients living in West Romania. The questionnaire was distributed through public social media groups with diabetic health conditions specific. The collected data were analysed using statistics. DON'T MISSBacteria found in showerheads can cause pneumonia - are you at risk? [ADVICE]Three vitamin supplements linked to an increased risk of cancer [INSIGHT]Do you squat over the toilet? Doctor issues warning over habit [TIPS] What did the researchers find out? "The most selected categories of food cravings by all respondents were white bread and sweets. Although men and women tend to crave different kinds of foods, results do not differ significantly between the genders." The researchers also found personal preferences and culturally determined eating habits seem to influence the food choices and the craving for a certain kind of food. "Craving for pastries, alcohol and refined sugar sweets was associated with the highest HbA1c levels in the sample," they wrote. The researchers concluded: "The study results may help diabetic patients increase awareness about their medical condition and improve self-management and self-care habits in order to obtain better blood sugar monitoring and prevent diabetes associated complications." It's important to note that the researchers did not establish a causal association so further research is needed. Other symptoms include: According to the NHS, you should see a GP if you have any of the symptoms of type 2 diabetes or you're worried you may have a higher risk of getting type 2 diabetes. The health body says: "A GP can diagnose diabetes. You'll need a blood test, which you may have to go to your local health centre for if it cannot be done at your GP surgery." As it notes, the earlier diabetes is diagnosed and treatment started, the better. "Early treatment reduces your risk of other health problems." Lifestyle tips to lower high blood sugar include: