 The Government’s Office for Zero-Emission Vehicles (OZEV) is now offering tenants, flat owner-occupiers and landlords new electric vehicle chargepoint grants. The new grants will replace the previous offer through the Electric Vehicle Homecharge Scheme (EVHS).  These are available to landlords, tenants and flat-owner occupiers, with the value of £350 redeemable against an installed charging point. One in five properties in the UK are rented, meaning up to 20 percent of the housing market could be future-proofed for EVs through the grant. New OZEV grants come at a time when the UK sees approximately 460,000 EVs on the roads. There have been more than 64,000 EV registrations this year alone, as over half of younger motorists expected to switch to an electric vehicle in the next 10 years. READ MORE: Pensioner hit with £170 fine after parking row  Danny Morgan, Editor and Marketing Manager at Smart Home Charge, praised the new scheme and how drivers could benefit from it. He said: “The new EV Chargepoint Grants for landlords, tenants and flat owners are exciting, as they help open up the UK rental market to affordable home electric car charging. “It’s also very well-timed too, as there are more and more EVs on UK roads. “Also, many people, particularly younger individuals who rent homes, want to make the switch from petrol and diesel-powered vehicles.” DON'T MISSLoophole allows dodgy dealers to sell deathtrap cars [SHOCKING]POLL: Do you think cyclists or drivers should have priority? [HAVE YOUR SAY]Drivers 'need support' after huge diesel law changes as costs spike [WARNING]  From April 2022, the Electric Vehicle Homecharge Scheme was no longer open to homeowners who live in single-unit properties such as bungalows and detached, semi-detached or terraced housing. The EVHS provided a 75 percent contribution to the cost of one chargepoint and its installation, with a grant cap set at £350, including VAT, per installation. A person was able to apply for two chargepoints at the same property if they had two qualifying vehicles. Gary Smith, Property Manager at Annington, said: “We’ve seen a huge increase in interest in EVs from our tenants, who are now actively looking for properties that have chargers in place, so their homes are ‘EV ready’.  “That’s why Annington is working with Smart Home Charge to install charge points at a number of its properties. “So they can be used by existing tenants but also future-proofed for those who are yet to make the shift to an electric vehicle.” Many more motorists will be looking towards the OZEV grant as new data has found that demand for second-hand electric cars has doubled in the past year. The number of transactions for electric cars increased from 6,600 in the first three months of 2021 to almost 14,600 in the first quarter of this year.  The increase of 120 percent has supported the second-hand car market which has seen record average prices in recent months. Many lightly used second-hand cars have changed hands for more than their new equivalents as global supply chain issues continue to take a toll on the industry. Overall sales of used cars rose by 5.1 percent year on year to 1.7 million, although they were still 12 percent  below figures from 2019, before the pandemic. The data, from the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders (SMMT), found plug-in hybrids (PHEVs) also changed hands in greater numbers than the year before rising by 35.3 percent to 14,433.