The warning came from Gro Intelligence chief executive Sara Menker who told the UN’s Security Council that global supplies are facing a number of "extraordinary" challenges. These include fertiliser shortages, climate disruptions and record low inventories of cooking oils and grains. The issue is being intensified because Russia and Ukraine account for around a quarter of the world’s wheat exports. Ms Menker said: “Without substantial immediate and aggressive coordinated global actions, we stand the risk of an extraordinary amount of both human suffering and economic damage. “This isn’t cyclical, this is seismic. It’s a once-in-a-generation occurrence that can dramatically reshape the geopolitical era.” Ukraine is often referred to as the “breadbasket of Europe” because it accounts for roughly 15 percent of global corn exports, just under a tenth of wheat and almost half of the sunflower oil. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said Saturday that Russia has blocked the embattled country from exporting 22 million tons of food products. Zelensky said that the worldwide energy crisis would be followed by a food crisis if other countries do not aid Ukraine in unblocking its ports and resuming exports. Food prices are already skyrocketing around the world, causing some countries to ban the exports of key agricultural commodities. He said: “Russia has blocked almost all ports and all, so to speak, maritime opportunities to export food – our grain, barley, sunflower and more,” Meanwhile, Russia is on track for a strong wheat harvest this year, cementing Mr Putin’s control over the staple grain. READ MORE: Energy crisis: British Gas to offer new lifeline to thousands of Britons in major move The Bank of England Governor Andrew Bailey has alreadywarned of “apocalyptic” food price rises as Ukraine struggles to export products. He said: “Ukraine does have food in store but it can’t get it out at the moment,” he told MPs on the Treasury Committee. “That is a major worry. It is not just a major worry for this country, it is a major worry for the developing world.” DON'T MISS: Ukrainian family feel the UK is 'too good to be true' after resettling [REPORT] Russians wiped out AGAIN as they try to cross Siverski Donets river [REVEALED] Sussexes face US backlash as 'Californians have no idea who they are' [LATEST] Transport Minister Grant Shapps said this morning he met with his Ukrainian counterpart last week to discuss details of how to get food supplies out. Lithuanian foreign minister Gabrielius Landsbergis said this plan could see British warships sent to protect reighters carrying crucial supplies. The plan could see allied navies clear the area around Black Sea ports of Russian mines before protecting freight ships carrying the vital produce.