This Carer’s Allowance supplement was paid to many carers in Scotland in December but some people may have missed out. They should now be able to get this benefit payout from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). Carers in Scotland could be due a benefits top up of up to £245.70 in June which will help people who are struggling to make ends meet. The supplement is paid twice a year to people living in Scotland who receive Carer's Allowance. The supplement has already been paid to more than 90,000 claimants in December but it’s thought that many more could be eligible for the financial help in June. Carers don’t need to apply for this help as it is paid automatically to those receiving Carer's Allowance. READ MORE: Santander is offering savings rates of 2.5% and you only need £1 Carer’s Allowance Supplement payment dates 2022: June 2022 - people will be paid £245.70 if they're getting Carer's Allowance on April 11, 2022 December 2022 - claimants will be paid £245.70 if they're getting Carer's Allowance on October 10, 2022 DON'T MISSSantander is offering savings rates of 2.5% and you only need £1 [UPDATE]Man shocked after receiving false energy bill over £15,000 [ALERT]I never thought I’d be so poor’ Pensioner shares money saving tips [INSIGHT] Carers in England will not receive the supplement despite the fact that a quarter of carers are turning to food banks according to Carers UK. Helen Walker, chief executive of Carers UK said carers are some of the worst hit by the pandemic and cost of living crisis. She said: “Many are dipping into savings, using credit cards, being pushed into debt and cutting back on essentials to keep the person they care for warm and healthy. “They are extremely anxious about how they are going to continue to manage." Meanwhile, half a million Britons aren’t claiming Carer’s Allowance from the DWP, worth up to £278 every four weeks. To qualify for this DWP benefit, people need to care for someone for at least 35 hours a week. People could be entitled to Carer’s Allowance if they are working, as long as they don’t earn more than £132 a week. However, the individual they are caring for needs to be claiming state benefits for the carer to qualify. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea To be eligible for Carer’s Allowance, the person being cared for must receive one of the following benefits: To check for all benefits entitlement, people can go to Gov.uk. 