A visibly distraught and upset Samantha Markle almost broke down in tears when talking to the Kiwi born presenter, but said it could take a “year” for her father to get his speech back. Mr Wootton, who is a friend of Mr Markle, recently interviewed him on GB News where he confirmed his intention to attend the Platinum Jubilee.  He started by asking Ms Markle about Mr Markle's current condition following the stroke. Ms Markle said that it was “hard for me to talk about” but that her father was doing better. She said: “He's doing better. He's in good spirits and you know it's still hard for me to talk about because he's been through so much - the heart attack, a pandemic, a stroke. “I don't think he saw it coming but he's doing better, he's in good spirits.  “I'm just so thankful to God that I called him when I did because he was slurring his speech, he couldn't talk. “I feel like had we not got emergency care right away, it could have been fatal, so I feel really blessed that he's getting some of his strength back.” Ms Markle told GB News about her father’s prognosis and how badly the stroke had affected him. She added: “It's going to take several, maybe six months, maybe a year to get his speech back. READ MORE: Meghan blasted for 'degrading' public' gesture “He can work with a speech therapist and it's good, the speech he had in the speech producing part of the brain wasn't so big that he can't recover. “But you know when you're almost 80 years old, there's less plasticity and things are more difficult. “So he has the memory of the words and the associations, the stroke was on the right side of the brain, so the damage was on the left and he's left handed. “But it also impaired his speech and his ability to swallow. DON'T MISS: Kate, William, Sophie and Edward step in for Queen in appearance TODAY [REVEAL] Plan to 'sing Sweet Caroline at street parties' faces fan backlash [INSIGHT] Prince William thought Meghan's visions were 'too political' [SPOTLIGHT]  “All things considered it's amazing, he's in good spirits. “We're not, we're walking on eggshells and sad and having a tough time but he's being our trooper.” 