A mother who joined Slimming World has now lost four-stone in weight after previously losing her confidence. The woman, named Natalie, now has the confidence to wear a bikini on holiday and more energy to do what she enjoys. Natalie has shared her incredible weight loss transformation after having two children.  Her full name is Natalie Pelele, and she has regained her confidence after losing four stone since starting her journey in 2020. The 31-year-old support worker from Margam, Port Talbot, said she was motivated to start losing weight after struggling to fit on a ride with her daughter. Since then, she has embraced home cooking and exercising more and has transformed her mindset. The mum-of-two said she now feels more confident than ever and is looking forward to wearing a bikini on her Cyprus holiday in May.  READ MORE: Tom Kerridge shares post exercise breakfast smoothie recipe She has also offered advice to anyone wanting to begin their journey. Natalie was motivated to re-join Slimming World after going on a ride with her daughter. The belt was only just able to fasten, and she knew she wanted to change. She told Wales Online: "When I re-joined in September 2020 I just wanted to have a fresh start. I got a new book and stuck to the plan from then on. “I made sure to buy the membership in six or 12-week blocks so I had prepaid and did not want to miss a week.  "I went to group every single week. It's the support you get, and everyone has different ideas for meals and things which are really helpful." Natalie is a mum to two children, 13-year-old Maia and nine-year-old Carter. She said they are both really supportive of what she has achieved. Since she re-joined, Natalie has lost over four stone and is down to her target weight. She has dropped three dress sizes and feels more confident than ever. Natalie added: "Before, I would never ever wear a bikini.  “Now, I can wear one and take a photo to send to my Slimming World consultant. I would never have done that before. "I would never go out because I would not have anything to wear. Now I'm going out all the time and I also have way more energy." Natalie has also found a new love for cooking. Before joining Slimming World, she would order a takeaway a couple of nights a week. She said that she would barely ever cook from scratch. Now, she cooks meals with her children, who are on board with their mum's healthier approach to food.  She said: "If I was going to give someone advice I would say don't give up. “Everyone can do it if you just keep going. Keep going to the group and you will do it. "I couldn't have done it without my consultant Cath. “She will go as far as to drop little post-it notes through your letterbox to say well done and keep it up." 