Southampton boss Ralph Hasenhuttl has warned Manchester United and Manchester City off making a move for James Ward-Prowse. The two Premier League giants have both been linked with the midfielder in recent weeks, following another impressive season for the Englishman. Ward-Prowse has long been Southampton's most important player and was handed a new contract at the start of this season. As a result of that deal, which runs for another four years, Hasenhuttl has made it clear that he is not for sale. “He has another four years on his contract here, he is happy here, he is our captain and he will stay here. We have him here as our captain and it is important that we are as a team successful and make steps forward," Hasenhuttl said. In this season we have shown in some moments that we can definitely play like a top 10 team, but there is still a few things missing. We have a chance in the final three games and this is what we are looking at.” READ MORE: Man Utd 'in transfer battle with Man City' for James Ward-Prowse Ward-Prowse has attracted the attention of United and City after scoring 10 goals and notching eight assists for the Saints this term. That saw him scoop the club's players’ player of the season, fans’ player of the season and goal of the season awards, with Hasenhuttl hailing his skipper. “It shows what an amazing job he has done this season so far, fans love him, we know how important he is for our team. The development of his game is massive and this is the reason why he is a true winner. Goal of the season award, we had a few very good ones so it’s tough," the Southampton boss said. DON'T MISS: Man Utd 'set start price' to buy Nkunku as release clause plan emerges (TRANSFERS)Man City star Jack Grealish called out for not 'fighting' hard enough (INSIGHT)Man Utd ace Dean Henderson makes final transfer decision (NEWS) “He's a guy who can also score from this position, with his quality on set-pieces he is very exceptional. I haven’t seen any player similar to him in the league, one that is so clinical in his finish there. "He doesn’t have a lot of chances to do it because we don’t have a lot of free-kicks, so this is then even harder I think when you have only a few or one, and the one us goal. It is fantastic and we should bring him into the position where he can do this more.”