Prince Harry was given the Dukedom of Sussex by the Queen to mark his wedding in 2018, and Meghan Markle subsequently became the Duchess of Sussex after marriage. During her reign, the Queen made it a habit to bestow royal titles on family members when they tied the knot. She did the same for Prince Andrew, Prince Edward and Prince William upon the occasions of their respective nuptials too.  The announcement of Prince Harry's new royal title came on the morning of his wedding day on May 19, 2018. A statement from Buckingham Palace read: "The Queen has today been pleased to confer a Dukedom on Prince Henry of Wales. "His titles will be Duke of Sussex, Earl of Dumbarton and Baron Kilkeel. "Prince Harry thus becomes His Royal Highness The Duke of Sussex, and Ms. Meghan Markle on marriage will become Her Royal Highness The Duchess of Sussex."  READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Harry 'shot themselves in foot' with Kate & William Harry was given the Dukedom of Sussex as the Queen's grandson, so Meghan is a Duchess by marriage rather than in her own right. But if the Queen had not given Harry a Dukedom, Meghan would likely have been styled as Her Royal Highness Princess Henry of Wales. This would reflect the title Harry held from birth as the son of the Prince of Wales - His Royal Highness Prince Henry of Wales.   As she was not born royal, Meghan is not entitled to be known as Princess Meghan in her own right. This privilege applied to the Queen's sister, Princess Margaret, and the Queen's daughter Princess Anne. Although she can't be known as Princess Meghan, she is married to a Prince of the United Kingdom and is therefore technically a Princess of the United Kingdom. Her occupation as such was listed as such on her baby son Archie's birth certificate in 2019.  DON'T MISS:William and Charles anticipating controversial Harry and Meghan return [INSIGHT]Kate Middleton has 'most popular diet' - 'had to work for attributes' [ANALYSIS]Royal Family heirlooms Meghan Markle wore on wedding day [PICTURES] The confusion surrounding who can hold a Princess title in the Royal Family is in part due to the way Diana, Princess of Wales was referred to. Diana was known as Princess Diana by the press and public, but this wasn't strictly accurate. Through her marriage to the Prince of Wales, Diana was known as Her Royal Highness The Princess of Wales. After her divorce in 1996, Diana could no longer use her HRH status and so was known as Diana, Princess of Wales. 