Clean It, Fix It features Tommy Walsh, expert cleaner Maxine Dwyer and carpenter Asher Edwards, who transform some messy homes by giving them a huge makeover. In just one day, the dynamic trio helps one family to reclaim their space by making practical improvements. However, speaking in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Maxine opened up about what it is like working with her co-stars. While Maxine may be used to some pretty grim sights while cleaning bathrooms, the same can’t be said for Tommy and Asher. The cleaner explained during some of the transformations, both of her co-stars struggled to cope with the dirty toilets. “They're not used to cleaning and [when we'd go into a house they'd say] oh my goodness,” Maxine said. “Tommy would say 'That just needs to bulldozing' but he was a builder so of course, he would say that.” READ MORE: EastEnders theory: Beloved family torn apart in resident exit plot Maxine joked: “He would say, ‘There's nothing you can do, it just needs ripping out, the tiles and stuff like that.' “And poor Asher, he was shocked. He's just not used to it, he's used to going there with no cupboards and then making cupboards.” The Clean it, Fix it star went on to recall one particular episode where they had to clean and transform a young professional's home. Maxine said poor Tommy and Asher didn’t have the stomach for some of the projects as they both ended up retching. She went on to explain how the young professionals mainly struggled with managing their living space, and Maxine had her work cut out when it came to tackling the bathroom and kitchen. When the trio inspected the bathroom, Tommy was left horrified when he discovered a slug on the wall. “You'll see that when the episodes come out,” Maxine explained. “It was the young professional's washroom where I had to put a special suit on and I asked Ash if I could borrow a screwdriver to dig out the black stuff in the toilet. “With the young professionals, they were busy, and their rooms were immaculate." DON'T MISS...Jane McDonald shares glimpse into love life as she bids farewell [VIDEO]Brenda Blethyn details off-screen Vera secret [INSIGHT]Antiques Roadshow guest gobsmacked by value of war hero’s medals [NEWS] The cleaner added: “But when it came to sharing [the cleaning] tasks, they didn't want to clean the bathrooms for example. “They didn't want to do that, and it was absolutely filthy. “It was a complete nightmare to film. I had to wear a Tyvek suit, that's how filthy it was.” Clean it, Fix it, which first aired last year, instantly became a hit with viewers as they watched the trio giving people’s houses a grand make-over. Speaking ahead of the series, Tommy, discussed what makes the BBC show different to most DIY shows. The builder, renowned for working alongside Alan Titchmarsh and Charlie Dimmock on Ground Force, said: “I think it’s done with a lot of empathy. It’s important not to point a finger at people, because we can all find ourselves in a similar situation. “What we do is give people a platform that will hopefully help resolve some of the issues many of us face when trying to keep our homes tidy. “We give people a foundation to build on, and continue to live brighter happier lives.” Clean it, Fix it airs on Tuesday at 8pm on BBC One.