Just weeks after his eldest son Brooklyn tied the knot in a dazzling $3 million ceremony, now the spotlight is shining on David Beckham after his wife Victoria Beckham posted a series of photos on Instagram to celebrate his 47th birthday. Posting photos of him topless on the beach and aboard a yacht, she admired his muscular physique, declaring: "Not bad for 47!" Sharing a photo of him in just a pair of shorts, she punctuated her point, by adding: "Lucky me!" In celebration of his birthday, she chose a huge cake in the shape of a boat, with edible figurine versions of the entire family included. She shared a video of it, pointing out each family member, including "Brooklyn, with his tattoos", before calling out: "Happy Birthday David!" The cake also included an icing-sugar embossed message to her husband against a sea blue background, written by her kids, who wished "daddy" a special day. READ NOW: Tom Parker held wife Kelsey's hand as he died as she shares final vow The miniature version of David was created in perfect detail, right down to his tattoos, as he sat together with Victoria on the boat as part of the artistic creation. "In case you missed this detail," Victoria captioned a close-up of the pair of them perched on the top deck holding hands. She also shared a variety of real-life photos of them on the beach in locations including the Bahamas. "I love you so much @davidbeckham," she wrote, in view of her almost 30 million followers. "You are the most incredible husband anyone could wish for and I feel truly blessed," she continued. "You are my everything x I love you so so much x happy birthday."(sic) In a subsequent post, she flooded viewers with half a dozen more photos, which included David with the children. In one, the former professional footballer was swimming with fish while little Harper, the Beckhams' youngest child and only daughter, wrapped her arms around her dad's neck, grinning broadly. DONT MISS... Piers Morgan slams Angelina Jolie as she's spotted visiting Ukraine [DEBATE] Helen Skelton devastated over husband Richie 'dating younger woman' [INSIGHT] Angelina Jolie rushed to bomb shelter during visit to war-torn Ukraine [LATEST]  He was also pictured with sons Brooklyn, Romeo and Cruz. "Happy birthday @davidbeckham the best daddy!!! We all love you so much!! So many kisses from us all!!!" Victoria captioned the series. "Kisses @brooklynpeltzbeckham @romeobeckham @cruzbeckham #HarperSeven". Another photo featured David leaning over the deck of a boat attempting to feed a sea pig directly from his mouth, which no doubt raised smiles among his family when they saw it. "Everyone loves you David - even pigs," Victoria teasingly wrote across the picture. It's been an eventful year for the Beckhams, with their eldest son marrying billionaire heiress Nicola Peltz in March. Reports suggest that Romeo may be the second Beckham child to tie the knot after it was revealed that his girlfriend, model Mia Regan, has bonded with Victoria over a love of fashion and even promoted some of the ex-Spice Girl's clothing on her Instagram page. It has been reported that the pair discussed settling down during a break to Italy, but opted to hold off until after Brooklyn's big day. For now, however, all eyes are on David after Victoria chose to showcase his impeccable abs today in honour of his birthday.