During Sunday night's episode of the BBC's Countryfile, the team tackled the stigma around mental health and how many people suffer in silence. Adam Henson visited former rugby referee Nigel Owens and dairy farmer Jess Banks where they discussed their own struggles with mental health and explained farming had given them a new outlook on life. However, with many praising the show, some slammed the segment. As Nigel and Jess discussed their experiences with mental health, some viewers took to social media and slammed the segment, with some calling the episode "boring". However, many viewers were quick to defend Countryfile and the BBC for the episode and praised them for bringing more light and awareness to the mental health of farmers. @NiaJenk07361304 praised the segment and tweeted: "Shocking, people moaning re tonight's #countryfile. "The countryside doesn't exist just for the weekend walkers & visitors, it's where these people live & work. READ MORE: Coronation Street fans work out Phill's sinister link to Pat Phelan "Discussing the high level of suicides in rural, and frequently, isolated areas is essential #MentalHealthAwarenessWeek." [Sic] @ChloeMass agreed: "People moaning that tonight's Countryfile doesn't have enough farming... they are people too who suffer ALOT when being alone in the fields." Natalie Drury commented: "#countryfile Great piece on Mental Health for Farmers can understand this." @Tre_Animation added: "It's not the first time #Countryfile has addressed farmers and mental health. It's still such a shame they're still struggling so much." @suzyglitter1 said: "Hats off to #countryfile for covering mental health, particularly in the countryside people feel isolated & need support as much as anyone else!" While Bob Hawkins exclaimed: "What an extraordinary statistic, 95% of farmers under 40 suffer from poor mental health…95% #countryfile." (sic) Visiting the retired Welsh referee, Nigel opened up about his own mental health battle and how he regretted some of his choices in his early life. He explained: "I experienced mental health issues when I was younger, I got into a bad place, and I did something one evening that I will regret for the rest of my life. "I left a note for my mum and dad and told them I couldn't carry on with my life anymore and that I was going to end it. "I will never forgive myself for what I put my mum and dad through then when they got up in the morning and read the note, luckily enough, I got another chance." Jess also touched on her own experiences and shined a light on how farming can be an escape for her, but it can also push people into isolation. She shared: "Dairy farmers generally tend to be the people that have the most staff, but I still think they are the most isolated. "Even on a small farm that we have, I could go all day without seeing the person that I work with, and it is really long hours as well. "I start at six in the morning, and I don't finish until six at night, and so you don't really have a lot of time for family, and you really have to push to make time for friends. "Everybody faces struggles, but the trouble is it can be really difficult to see them, and if people aren't open or talk to you about it, how do you know?" Countryfile airs Sunday from 7pm on BBC One.