The FIA are set to more strictly enforce the rules on drivers outlap speed after there were 55 violations for drivers going too slowly during the qualifying session in Barcelona. Drivers must keep within an FIA mandated reference time while travelling to their qualifying lap. For the Circuit de Catalunya this is one minute, 31 seconds but many drivers regularly took longer. The FIA found that 18 different drivers had flouted the rules during the session. Despite this, it was only the Haas pair of Kevin Magnussen and Mick Schumacher that were formally investigated for ‘driving unnecessarily slowly’. Both received warnings after the stewards decided they were largely at fault for the other driver’s violations. The Haas drivers were often the first out on the track and hence caused the pack to stack up in a ‘train’ behind them, causing their rivals to go slower. “Generally the cars that failed to follow the race director’s event note were following these two cars,” the officials said. The pair will continue to line up in the grid spots they qualified in with Magnussen in eighth and Schumacher in 10th, it is the German’s first time qualifying in the top 10 in his Formula 1 career. Now the FIA want to clamp down on the out lap rules to prevent similar issues in the future. The laws are quite new, until the Imola Grand Prix mandated times were only required for qualifying inlaps, but this was changed by race director Niels Wittich to apply to all qualifying laps. Given how recently they were brought in, the stewards decided not to take more serious action in Spain. However, they have used the penalties to warn drivers about their future conduct. In their post-race note the stewards said: “The procedure is new and in view of the fact that other drivers did violate the instruction, but not to this degree, the stewards issued a warning to the drivers concerned (Magnussen and Schumacher). “The stewards note that further violations may incur increased penalties not only for these drivers but for any competitor committing a similar breach in the future.” The session was a successful one for Charles Leclerc who took his fourth pole position of the season with Championship rival Max Verstappen in second. The pair are set to lock horns again in today’s race that gets underway at 2pm British time.