Jeremy Clarkson, 62, skewered former Tory MP Neil Parish’s claims that he accidentally stumbled across pornography in Parliament while he was Googling tractors. Mr Parish, 65, resigned as MP for Tiverton and Honiton after admitting he watched adult material twice while in the House of Commons. Mr Parish, who ran his family farm before entering the world of politics, says that the first time he watched porn was accidental after looking at a tractor website. Nevertheless, he admits that the second occasion was deliberate. Avid farmer Jeremy has now mocked claims that tractors can be “muddled up with pornography” and assured fans that it is “definitely not the case”. Writing in his new column, the Clarkson’s Farm star quipped: “Tractors are as arousing as oil rigs and as erotic as a headache. READ MORE:Meghan Markle's 'main issue' pointed out by Karren Brady “You get heavy engineering on a tractor which is designed to work in cloying mud, and the pouring rain, while pulling three tons of complex ironmongery. “It’s about as far from an Emmanuelle movie as it’s possible to get,” the presenter continued in The Sun. Jeremy went on to joke that one of his favourites is the Claas Dominator, which has been speculated to be the combine harvester Mr Parish was searching for. Colin Slade, from Devon County Council, told The Telegraph that it was believed Mr Parish had been looking at that particular machine. Mr Slade added that he “could see” how the search could have led to adult material as it is a “play on words”. Mr Parish resigned as an MP on April 30. He had represented his constituency since 2010 but stepped down after two female colleagues complained that they saw him watching porn on his phone while he was sitting near them. The politician was also suspended by the Conservative Party. DON'T MISSDennis Waterman's New Tricks co-star unable to speak on actor's death[LATEST]Monty Don sparks frenzy as he announces 'perfect' new family arrival[INSIGHT]Madonna, 63, looks younger than ever on stroll with teenage son David[PICTURES] Explaining his actions, Mr Parish confessed: “The situation was that funnily enough, it was tractors I was looking at. "I did get into another website that had a very similar name and I watched it for a bit, which I shouldn't have done. "But my biggest crime is that on another occasion I went in a second time." He added to BBC South West that he was “totally wrong”, and it is something he will “live with for the rest of [his] life”. Farming along with countryside and animal welfare issues had been high on Mr Parish’s political agenda. Back in 2015, he was elected chairman of the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Select Committee. He also ran his family farm in Somerset where he lived with his wife and two children.