Mrs Hinch rose to fame on social media several years ago when she started to share unusual cleaning tips and tricks. Now, her fans share their own advice, including how to dry washing inside when there is no tumble dryer available to use. Drying washing inside can be hard, especially when space is limited and no tumble dryer is available. Those with tumble dryers may also be looking to cut down on usage as it uses a lot of energy. Asking for help on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Sarah Jewers wrote: “What do people recommend for drying clothes indoors in a limited space and on a limited budget? “Also needs to be reasonably speedy drying.” READ MORE: Wallis Simpson's interiors in old home in Windsor are 'a nightmare' The post was inundated with advice from cleaning fans, all recommending different ways of drying clothing. Jackie Linton said: “Heated airer…Wilko have loads.” Alison Wilson wrote: “I use a heated airer, it’s game-changing and costs nothing to run either, literally so cheap. “Only downside if you have to move the clothes around if using it to dry big items.” DON'T MISS:Plastic lawns not ‘low maintenance’ - ‘needs be vacuumed’ [COMMENT]Homes Under the Hammer buyers add £43,000 to property value [VIDEO]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘quick’ cleaning tip to get ‘streak-free’ windows [INSIGHT] Wilko has heated drying racks for around £40, but they can be picked up from several retailers. Argos, Amazon and Aldi also all stock heated airers. Other Mrs Hinch fans recommended using a dehumidifier. Yasmeen Mated wrote: “I use a normal air dryer with a dehumidifier at night.” Carmel Warner said: “Airer and dehumidifier.” Dehumidifiers help to extract moisture from the air, meaning they are great at helping washing to dry. They can also eliminate condensation, damp, mould and unpleasant odours that drying laundry also causes. Paula Tranter commented: “I use a dehumidifier overnight…less ironing too. Surprising how much water it collects and no condensation or mould.” There are a variety of different dehumidifiers on the market, although they can come at a cost. Jayne Little said: “I love my dehumidifier but it was definitely an investment, wouldn’t recommend if you’re looking for something on a budget. “Maybe look for a heated airer or a radiator airer.” Dehumidifiers can be purchased for around £50, available from a variety of different retailers including Amazon.