Lorraine Kelly, 62, has spoken out against cancel culture, claiming people don't always mean to be offensive, but might simply lack education on certain topics. The presenter said she believes everyone should be able to express their opinions without fear of retribution. Speaking on the Spinning Plates podcast with Sophie Ellis-Bextor, she discussed how times have changed. She said that when she was growing up, people were shamed less when they inevitably made mistakes. Lorraine added that no one ever took pictures of her “dancing in discos” at 15, or posted things to Facebook. The pair then went on to discuss cancel culture. READ MORE: David Birney dead: Bridget Loves Bernie star dies aged 83 Sophie said she had a “fascination” with cancel culture as she was terrified of being at the receiving end of it. The talk show presenter then affirmed Sophie’s fears, considering she does live TV. She said: “I do live telly, I’m pretty good and always have had a self-edit button. “I certainly never mean to say anything that would be necessarily offensive. “There’s a difference between meaning to be offensive and just saying something because you’re not educated enough. “Or maybe you have a different way of thinking. “I still think people should be free to speak their opinion.” Lorraine then continued, as she began to discuss Susanna Reid’s interview with Boris Johnson. DON'T MISS... Janette Manrara's injury fear addressed after hospital dash[LATEST]Lily James puts on jaw-dropping display in see-through Met Gala gown[PICTURES]Vanessa Hudgens risks wardrobe malfunction at Met Gala 2022[RED CARPET] She explained that it was a rare interview in which the journalist treated her guest like a human being, without interruptions. The star also paid joking reference to the end of the interview, in which the Prime Minister appeared not to know who Lorraine was. “Why should he know?” she laughed. She said that she thinks the right way to do interviews is to “let people speak” but at the same time not to let them get away with anything. The TV show host added that it should not become a “point-scoring” event. She said, to Sophie’s agreement, that when people are talking over each other, no one gets anywhere. Lorraine has hosted her lifestyle and entertainment talk show, Lorraine, since 2010. Prior to this, the journalist worked on ITV’s This Morning alongside Eamonn Holmes.