Arsenal's impending signing of Brazilian forward Marquinhos has been labelled "absurd" by World Cup winner Vampeta. Express Sport understands Arsenal are set to sign the 19-year-old for a fee of around £2.5million (€3m). However, the deal has not gone down well in the player's homeland. Vampeta, who won 39 caps for Brazil, cannot believe how cheap the teenager is being sold for by Sau Paulo. Vampeta says he has known of Marquinhos' talent for several years and Arsenal are getting a bargain deal. Speaking on YouTube channel Jovem Pan Esportes, he said: “This is absurd. This is absurd. “Marquinhos’ business. They’re going to lose Marquinhos to Arsenal for €3m. READ MORE: Paulo Dybala 'will' join Arsenal if they qualify for Champions League - 'I was told'  "I don’t know if you remember that I used to say I watched Audax’s academy games, Marquinhos in the under-15… he used to already make the difference. I said here on the show, ‘There’s an U-15 at São Paulo, Marquinhos’… Now he’s going to leave on a silver platter.” The panel on the YouTube show agreed Marquinhos should instead be worth between £8.4m (€10m) and £12.7m (€15m). Host Thiago Asmar described the cheapness of his move to Arsenal as a "scandal". However, there is a reason behind the price. Sao Paulo fear they could lose the player for free this summer. The Brazilian outfit signed the ace to a five-year deal in 2019 but FIFA refuse to recognise first professional contracts at any longer than three years. Therefore there is the risk he could leave for nothing so Sau Paulo have accepted Arsenal's offer. DON'T MISSArsenal can sign two top strikers for just £42.4m as agent 'flies in to London' [OPINION]Man Utd stars 'totally flat' before season finale after being left 'annoyed' by Rangnick [REPORT]Man Utd target De Jong 'ready to snub £75m transfer' despite Ten Hag lure [RUMOUR]  Marquinhos is being signed as one for the future and will not be one of the club's main signings this summer. However, he could be given a chance to impress in pre-season. Marquinhos can play on either wing or as a central attacker. Arsenal will sign at least one striker this summer, with Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah both out of contract at the end of the campaign. Gabriel Jesus is one of their top targets, with links to Juventus' Paulo Dybala hotting up in recent days. However, either of those deals could be dependent on Arsenal qualifying for the Champions League. Arteta's side will likely have to win their two remaining Premier League fixtures in order to finish fourth and above north London rivals Tottenham. They travel to Newcastle on Monday before the visit of Everton next Sunday.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here