Reigning Strictly Come Dancing champion Giovanni Pernice, 31, spoke fondly of the BBC competition's longest-serving dancer-turned-judge, Anton Du Beke, 55. Explaining their special bond to Zoe Ball on BBC Radio Two, the Italian dancer opened up about how Anton has helped him "with everything" and compared him to a "grandfather."  After reflecting on his Strictly Come Dancing win last year alongside EastEnders actress Rose Ayling-Ellis, Zoe turned her attention to Giovanni's upcoming tour, Anton and Giovanni - Him and Me. "Speaking of special partnerships, you will then be going on tour with the OG, Mr. Anton Du Beke," Zoe commented. She added: "I love you two together, this is something else." The pair will join forces for a mix of song, dance and fun. READ MORE: Ozark showrunner addresses hopes for spin-off as fans slam ending "We couldn't be more different," Giovanni admitted. "And that's the reason why it works perfectly between us two "I always say it's the past and the future, that's what we call each other. "But he doesn't like it, he doesn't like it, he says 'I'm still there, it's not the past.' "But it's fun, it's fun. I really love Anton, you know." Reflecting on his sweet friendship with the ballroom champion, he added: "He's one of those people that, when I started the show, he just took me under and just helped me with everything really. I call him the grandfather." Laughing, Zoe replied: "Grandfather Anton!" "The Godfather," he continued, as Zoe pointed out: "The Godfather yes, I think he'd prefer that to grandfather as well." "Yeah, he does," replied the Guinness World Record jive kicks holder. DON'T MISS... Antiques Roadshow guest's Harry Potter item misses out on thousands [VIDEO]GB News row as Eamonn and Isabel clash over parliament drinking [LATEST]GMB viewers slam 'car crash' Boris Johnson interview 'Disaster' [REACTION] Swapping topics to discuss the Eurovision, Zoe stated: "You've done this amazing show for Radio 2 for Eurovision season. "It's called Bravissimo - The Year Italy Won Everything because last year was unbelievable for Italy." "I was reading the script, because obviously, a producer sent me the script," Giovanni responded. "I didn't know that Italy literally won everything," he confessed. "I don't think this year's going to be the same again though," he added. "You can't win everything all the time!" Zoe laughed as Giovanni agreed: "That's true." The Zoe Ball Breakfast Show airs on BBC Radio 2 from 6.30am.