Karren Brady, 53, has opened up about the profound effect Deborah James’, 40, heartbreaking health battle has had on her. The business magnate was moved by the sad news that Deborah is now receiving end-of-life care after battling bowel cancer since 2016. Deborah confirmed that she has been moved to hospice at home care earlier this week.As the tragic reality sets in, the BBC podcast host confessed in her final column that she “does not want to die” and can’t fathom not seeing her two children “grow up”.After following Deborah’s story, Karren says she can resonate with how she must be feeling after she was also faced with the prospect of dying back in 2006.Doctors discovered she had a brain aneurysm - a bulge in a blood vessel in the brain - and told her she had a 30 percent chance of not making it. READ MORE:Katie Piper has concerned call from bank after 'depressed' behaviour Recalling the traumatic time, Karren said: “How I know that feeling.“It wasn’t dying that scared me... But the prospect of not seeing my kids grow up. Not being there for their weddings, and not meeting my grandchildren.  “And that is what Deborah is facing too and my heart goes out to her,” she writes in her column for The Sun.Karren adds that she will “never take for granted how lucky [she] was to survive" the surgery and states that it gave her a “newfound appreciation of being alive”. The Apprentice star has spoken out about her ordeal in the past.She explained that her aneurysm was discovered through a chance of fate when she decided to go for a health screening.Detailing the moment that she found out the frightening news, the businesswoman said: “I was at my desk when they called to say the radiologist had discovered a brain aneurysm.“My uncle died of a ruptured aneurysm in his early 40s and my financial director also had one, although he had surgery and is fine now, so I knew what it was. DON'T MISSAmanda Holden risks wardrobe malfunction as she flashes bra in Paris[PICTURES]Richard Gere, 72, not concerned about being an older dad with wife, 39[INSIGHT]Fern Britton inundated with messages over prediction about the Queen[LATEST] “I was absolutely shocked. I didn't feel ill at all,” she wrote in The Guardian back in 2006.Luckily, Karren’s surgery was a success and she made a full recovery.Nevertheless, the traumatic experience changed her outlook on life.She continued: “I did think I should spend more time with my children. “There will never be a time again when I choose a board meeting over a sports day.” 