Of those with a new hobby, over half (53 percent) spend at least four hours a week watching them on their smartphones – equating to a total of 208 hours per year. Videos of past times and content such as ASMR, tie-dying and ghost-hunting have a loyal following among young adults, as do “how-to” clips featuring meditation, photography, and extreme make-up. It also emerged four in ten have gone behind the camera themselves to share their hobbies on social media. The study was commissioned to mark the launch of the Samsung Galaxy A53 5G, whose spokeswoman, Annika Bizon, said: “After two years of various lockdowns where our creativity could have been stifled, it’s no surprise we’ve seen an increase in awesome and unconventional hobbies coming from this generation. “This audience craves expression, turning to social media outlets like never before, to watch, create, and share their content.” Of those who post their own content relating to their hobby on social media, 86 percent said it has been well received – so much so, they’ve seen their number of followers increase by 21 percent. Key motivators for sharing include showing off their new skills (26 percent), personal enjoyment (25 percent), and connecting with others (24 percent) – while 23 percent do it to learn new things. A fifth said it took them three months to perfect their hobby content, to ensure followers would like it. And on average, content creators spend an average of four hours a week filming and editing to ensure it’s up to scratch. As a result of their popularity online, almost half (48 percent) have even turned their social media accounts into a business venture. Sophie Taylor, 27, from Norfolk, whose hobby is pet portraiture, is one of those people. She said: “When everyone started to get a furry friend, I turned my artistic flare towards drawing pets. “Straight away, friends and family asked me to illustrate their pets, and it took off into an online business that I could easily manage through my smartphone.” Another Gen Z who has managed to make a living from their interest is 22-year-old Angel My Linh, a specialist nail artist from south east London. She said: “My content has really taken off through the growing community of followers, and I was recently asked to design nails for major artists Tems and Megan Thee Stallion, which is amazing.” Of those polled, four in ten described their interests as “awesome”, while a third (32 percent) think they are “underrated”. Almost a fifth of those polled, via OnePoll, think their interest makes them feel “liberated”, and 37 percent said it makes them feel “proud”. DeVante Walters, 27, from London, who is into urban roller-skating, said: “For me, roller-skating has always been a passion, so I took to social platforms like TikTok to share my moves, tips, and tricks – including dance routines. “Above all else, it is so important to connect with others, through inspiring them to join in, discover their inner talents, and have fun with it.”