On BBC MoneyBox, Richard was concerned about the cap on his pension not beating inflation. He said: “I have final salary pension which is about £9,000 a year which I’ve taken early. “It is capped at five percent a year. The plan of retiring early was effectively to have nine months off in the year and work three months over the winter months. “But there’s an element of having to rethink that now because if the pension is not going to be worth anything like it was then clearly I’m going to have to work throughout the whole year, even if it is on a part time basis. “So it’s quite an alteration to the plan really.” Final salary pensions are known as 'Gold-plated' pensions. READ MORE: 'I have nothing saved for retirement' Dave Ramsey suggests how man, 55, can get by  Pension consultancy XPS estimated that the cap on these rises could cost people hundreds of pounds a year and thousands over their lives. Steve Leek, partner at XPS explained how these caps work and what they are. He said: “Inflation protection in pension schemes is complicated because the rules have changed over the years.” He explained that up until 1997 there were no statuary minimum increases at all but benefits were inflation protected up to a cap of five percent. In 2005 this cap came down to 2.5 percent. And inflation protection is also based on the measure of it. These two caps are on the pension that people earned during the period.People working throughout this time would have been capped at the specific rate at that time. If people have a long period of service, they can have benefits in the different windows. These pensions are called gold plated but they aren’t a fortune. These caps essentially reduce the amount of pension that one could get. Mr Leeks research found that there are about 4.2 million pensioners, the average age is about 70. He said: “The average pension is about £8,800 per member - which is very similar to the state pension - very comparable. “If we put inflation up to 10 percent and we allow for all of those historic caps and different service in the different windows, that’s where we got the figure where we think 10 percent inflation would mean that people have forfeited £400 per annum of pension. "So if inflation does hit 10 percent, they would be getting £400 more than they actually will be getting and this could last over their lifetime, not just for the year." Mr Leeks continued: “If we allow for the fact that they would have been paid for 17 or 18 years that’s where we get a sort of cumulative impact of £7,000.” BBC Money Box is available on BBC Sounds.