The Earl and Countess of Wessex arrived in Jersey to mark the 77th anniversary of the end of the Nazi occupation of the Channel Islands yesterday. German troops captured the Channel Islands on June 30, 1940, and would remain in control until May 9, 1945. Edward and Sophie have also arrived to bring the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations to the 170,499 people living on the seven inhabited islands. Ahead of Liberation Day, the Earl and Countess unveiled a Jubilee Sundial and met with those who survived the occupation in Jersey. A clip was even uploaded to social media showing Edward and Sophie sampling some carrot tea. The couple will join inhabitants in both Jersey and Guernsey tomorrow for both islands' celebrations. JUST IN: Queen set for different State Opening of Parliament as tweaks made for 96-year-old monarch Liberation Day is a public holiday in the Channel Islands. This year's celebrations will see inhabitants attend the full-scale event for the first time in two years. According to the BBC, Edward and Sophie will visit Alderney, which is home to 2,039 people, and Sark, which is home to less than 500 residents, on May 10. The smaller islands celebrate Liberation Day separately from Guernsey and Jersey as Sark was liberated on May 10 and German troops only surrendered in Alderney on May 16. READ MORE: 'Wrong timing!' Meghan and Harry slammed for adding 'another burden' to frail Queen Royal fans took to social media to share their praise for the Earl and Countess. Responding to a Twitter post on the @RoyalFamily account, @OliverJSY said: “Great to see the Earl and Countess of Wessex in Jersey for Liberation Day tomorrow!” @marshav14 added: “More to come from this wonderful and hardworking couple The Earl & Countess of Wessex.” However, users on Instagram also took to the comment section of a post liked by more than 22,000 users. DON'T MISS:Harry and Meghan 'will spoil' Queen's Jubilee, Angela Levin claims [INTERVIEW]Putin's own mouthpiece admits riots could erupt 'tomorrow' [VIDEO]Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan to reunite with Wills and Kate [LIVE] @shel.0970 said: “Lovely... although I did read the header as Jersey royals!”@linda.bamber.79 added: “The Countess never gets it wrong.” @dmbteacher said: “I love Sophie and Edward, and I'm so glad that they will be on the balcony with their two lovely children at Trooping this year.”