Coleen Rooney, 36, has begun giving evidence on day four of the £3 million Wagatha Christie trial. The high-profile court case continues today at London’s High Court, with pro footballer Wayne Rooney’s wife reportedly saying an alleged message between Rebekah Vardy and her agent “knocked me sick”. Coleen’s sister, Rosie, was only 14 when she passed away in 2013 after a battle with Rett Syndrome. Rett Syndrome is a rare genetic neurological and developmental disorder that affects the way the brain develops. Writing in her witness statement, Coleen claimed: “While they were discussing her messaging me in order to cover her tracks, Becky says to Caroline Watt 'maybe I should say something about Rosie'. “Rosie is a reference to my sister who suffered with Rett Syndrome and passed away in 2013 at the age of just 14. “The mere fact that Becky would suggest seeking to use Rosie's name in conversation with me in order to put me off the scent of suspecting Becky as the person responsible for leaking my private information to The Sun is really low and sad. "It actually knocked me sick when I read that message from Becky to Caroline,” Coleen wrote. In October 2019, Coleen and Rebekah made headlines after the former accused Jamie Vardy’s wife via a tweet of leaking stories she had posted on her private Instagram account to the press. In the lengthy statement, Coleen claimed: “It’s been tough keeping it to myself and not making any comment at all, especially when the stories have been leaked, however I had to. “Now I know for certain which account/individual it’s come from. “I have saved and screenshotted all the original stories which clearly show just one person has viewed them. It’s......... Rebekah Vardy’s account.” (sic) Rebekah has refuted the allegations and is suing Coleen for defamation. She was asked by Coleen’s lawyer David Sherborne about an article in The Sun that mentioned a picture of Wayne and his children from Coleen’s private Instagram account. DON'T MISS:Julia Fox stuns as she showcases abs in ultra low-rise trousers [PICTURES]Lorraine Kelly pays tribute to Deborah James after final post [TRIBUTE]BBC's Deborah James bids farewell as she moves to hospice at home care [LATEST] The court previously heard that Rebekah’s agent, Caroline Watt, was unable to present her messages between herself and two reporters because her phone had “fallen into the North Sea during a boat trip”. The lawyer then asked Rebekah: “That article refers explicitly to a post on Mrs Rooney’s Instagram account doesn't it? “I put it to you that that came from you through Ms Watt to Mr Boyle [reporter].” Rebekah replied: “No, absolutely not.” Mr Sherbourne added: “The shame is, Mrs Vardy, that Mr Boyle’s Whatsapp messages with Mrs Watt, just as with Mr Halls, are lying at the bottom of the sea in Davy Jones’ locker.” Rebekah asked: “Who is Davy Jones?” The question reportedly prompted laughs from journalists and members of the public who were present. Mrs Justice Steyn then clarified that the remark “just means at the bottom of the sea.” The trial continues.