NATO has two fundamental tasks in response to Russia’s aggression - providing support to Ukraine and preventing the war from escalating. For many years, NATO and NATO Allies have supported Ukraine, in particular the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, and Turkey, providing equipment and training for tens of thousands of Ukrainian soldiers. We see the difference this is making everyday on the battlefield. Since Russia’s invasion we have significantly stepped up our support with billions of dollars of weapons and other assistance to help Ukraine uphold its right to self-defence Enshrined in the UN Charter. NATO’s main responsibility is to protect all Allies and prevent this war from escalating causing even greater death and destruction. We may have been shocked by Russia’s brutal invasion but we should not be surprised. This invasion was one of the best predicted acts of military aggression ever. In NATO, we shared intelligence and we made the intelligence public for many months to warn about Putin’s plans. Russia’s attack on Ukraine is part of a pattern over many years where Moscow uses military force to achieve its political aims. The destruction of Grozny. The invasion of Georgia. The annexation of Crimea. The bombing of Aleppo. And now, the war in Ukraine. Since the first invasion of Ukraine in 2014, NATO has been adapting and preparing. We increased defence spending and invested in modern capabilities. We deployed combat battlegroups in the eastern part of our Alliance for the first time in our history. We increased the readiness of our forces and established new defence domains, including space and cyberspace. When Russia invaded Ukraine again this year, NATO was ready. We deployed additional forces to the east of our Alliance. Today, we have over 40,000 troops under direct NATO command backed by significant air and naval assets. We doubled the number of multinational battlegroups from the Baltic to the Black Sea and we have 100,000 troops on high alert ready to respond to any aggression, and to defend every inch of NATO territory.    This is deterrence, to remove any room for misunderstanding or miscalculation in Moscow - not to provoke conflict but to prevent conflict and preserve peace. Last December, President Putin presented an ultimatum to NATO. He demanded a legally binding treaty to rewrite the security architecture in Europe, to re-establish spheres of influence, to force NATO to withdraw from the eastern part our Alliance, and to end NATO enlargement. He wanted less NATO on his borders - and launched a war. Now he is getting more NATO on his borders - and more members. Finland and Sweden’s decision to apply for NATO membership is historic, it demonstrates that European security will not be dictated by violence and intimidation. All Allies agree that NATO enlargement has been a great success, spreading freedom and democracy across Europe. So I am confident that we will be able to find a way to address all Allies’ security concerns and welcome NATO’s closest partners into our family of free nations.  The above is an excerpt from an address Jens Stoltenberg gave this week at the Davos summit 2022. 