Robert Jobson, author of ‘William at 40: The Making of a Modern Monarch’, claimed the Duke of Sussex was described as “petulant and short-tempered” by royal staff. In one of his outbursts, Prince Harry took aim at the monarch’s royal dresser and adviser Angela Kelly by telling her “what Meghan wants, she gets” in relation to his then fiancee, Meghan Markle, ahead of their Royal Wedding, according to Mr Jobson.  Mr Jobson said when Harry's “tiresome behaviour” reached the Queen she was “disappointed” because Ms Kelly is “very special” to her. The 95-year-old is said to have addressed her concerns with the duke directly. A source told him: “Angela is very special to the Queen. She is an essential part of the Her Majesty’s inner circle, and the two women have developed a friendship over the years.  "When she heard what happened she was a little disappointed, especially as the Duke of Sussex would have known Angela was just trying to do her best for him and his bride-to-be and wouldn’t really be able to answer back." Mr Jobson said courtiers told him royal staff would often look out for Prince Harry’s “mood swings” which were compared to his late mother, Princess Diana. The courtier said: “Charles admits he often finds it difficult to gauge either of his sons’ occasionally unpredictable moods. In that aspect of their nature, both princes are very much like their mother.  READ MORE: Prince Harry and Prince William issued 'veiled swipe' over ‘rivalry’ "'They both have quite extreme mood swings, just as Diana did. She could be your best friend one minute and the next your worst enemy.'" It comes after Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's royal biographer Omid Scobie claims the Duke of Sussex accused Ms Kelly of a "cruel" bid to put his wife "in her place". Mr Scobie previously claimed the monarch’s royal dresser and adviser “made it almost impossible” for Meghan to have a hair trial before her Royal Wedding and even stood her up.  DON'T MISS Prince Harry treated 'just one of the guys' in Californian polo team [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Will you celebrate Platinum Jubilee? [POLL]'Union flag is not fascist!' Author erupts at Jubilee display attacks [OPINION] He claims sources said Prince Harry, 37, felt the moves were a “cruel attempt” to put his wife-to-be at the time “in her place”. In a blog post for Yahoo, Mr Scobie said: “It was also the Queen’s right-hand woman and dresser, Angela Kelly, who multiple sources told me made it almost impossible for Meghan to have a necessary ‘hair trial’ with her chosen wedding tiara - even standing up the duchess-to-be and her hairstylist, who had flown in especially, at a pre-scheduled fitting. “Harry, sources said, felt it was a cruel attempt to put his partner ‘in her place’.”  Meanwhile, Prince Harry appeared to issue a veiled warning to those closest to the Queen in an interview with NBC, saying he wanted to make sure his grandmother was "protected" and had "the right people around her”. Harry did not elaborate on whether he was referring to royal aides or members of his own family, but his comments are likely to have deepened his rift with his father the Prince of Wales and his brother the Duke of Cambridge as well as perplexing palace officials.  Prince Harry and Meghan currently live in California with their two young children Archie Harrison and Lilibet Diana after making the decision to leave the Firm in early 2020. They will return to the UK in a matter of days to celebrate the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee.