James Martin, 49, has been in a relationship with Louise Davies since 2011 after meeting on the set of a TV show. Not much is known about the pair's budding romance, with the Saturday Morning host keeping his private life under wraps and away from social media, however, this hasn't stopped insiders revealing details. The 49-year-old previously dated a former Miss England, Sally Kettle, to a James Bond producer, Barbara Broccoli. He met Louise in 2010 when he went on to the celebrity version of Who Wants To Be a Millionaire. The pair spend a lot of time together at home along with their dog Ralph. Since news of their relationship came in 2016, the television chef rarely speaks about his private life with his long-term partner. READ MORE: Rebekah Vardy's future 'in tatters' after ‘complete disaster’ trial However, a source gave an insight into the pair's blossoming relationship in 2017. At the time, they told The Sun: "James desperately wants to keep his private life out of the spotlight and under wraps following his romance with Barbara Broccoli. "It’s easy to do with Louise as she likes things low-key as well, unlike Barbara who loved making a fuss over him." The insider added Louise goes "everywhere" with him, often coming along with him to his TV production sets. However, this has not raised marriage alarms for James who has no plans of putting a ring on his partner's finger. The TV star explained that while others may be happy to go all out for the big day, he admittedly is "not interested" in getting married. He added that he has catered at a lot of wedding events and understands all that goes into the big event. Asked if he would ever walk down the aisle, James said: “No, it doesn’t interest me in the slightest, mainly because I’ve catered for so many weddings, really. DON'T MISS... Amber Heard source anticipates court loss for Johnny Depp [LATEST] Boy George, 60, ditches usual glam look in rare outing [PICS] Only Fools and Horses David Jason in rare sighting at Clarkson's Farm [INSIGHT] "I admire people who do it, that’s fine, but I’m quite happy." He added to the Sunday People in 2019: "I don’t need to spend 60 grand on a day, no, I’m more than happy thanks." The ITV presenter has previously opened up about his career and admitted he has sacrificed having a family for his success. While the TV chef said he does not plan to start a family, many of his friends are married with children. "The sacrifices you make are huge. All my mates are married and have children. "It was quite funny – my friends came over to my house last week, and we were walking through my garages when one of them said, ‘So this is what you could have had if you didn’t have kids’." James previously presented Saturday Kitchen from 2006 until 2016, before leaving the BBC. James Martin's Saturday Morning airs today on ITV at 9.25am.