Lady Kitty Spencer went through an impressive weight loss transformation in 2018 and she has managed to maintain her slim figure ditching the "unhealthy diet" she used to follow. Kitty explained what motivated her to change her lifestyle was her first modelling job and Prince Harry and Meghan's wedding. Before her weight loss transformation, she used to receive many negative comments on social media platforms and was often criticised because of her weight. The socialite revealed that she was body-shamed by her social media followers after these left cruel comments on her pictures. Kitty once got told by an Instagram user: “Lay off the cake, darling. You’re too fat.” Kitty replied saying: “I’m sorry that you feel the need to post nasty comments under photographs of people you don’t know. I’ve yet to see unkind behaviour do any good in the world.” READ MORE: ‘They won’t come back’: How to remove dandelions from lawns Princess Diana's niece also admitted she had numerous social media comments talking about her “chunky thighs”. Kitty responded with an incredible body transformation a couple of years later. The socialite's eating habits changed after she got offered her first job as a model for Dolce & Gabbana in 2017, she said. Kitty explained: "It was terrifying! I was 26 and working full-time for a charity, and I loved it, but it’s very different from that world of style. I went home and spoke to my family, and my mum said, ‘Well, why don’t you?’ I thought, ‘I’m going to do it for my older self, so I can look back and say I did it'."   Back then, she believed the modelling experience could be, “the start of a confidence-building exercise”. Kitty, who managed to lose weight following a balanced and healthy diet and a consistent fitness routine, was then looking fitter and healthier than ever. However, Kitty's life turned upside down a few months later, in 2018, during Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's wedding. Princess Diana's niece, who looked stunning in a green midi dress, gained over 37,000 followers on social media overnight. She recalled: “I woke up the next day and looked at my phone and thought, ‘Whoops, did I take someone else’s by mistake? “It was very weird, and a little bit overwhelming." Prince William and Meghan Markle's wedding allowed Kitty to gain a lot of public exposure and thanks to that, she is now a model who attends the most glamorous events and galas. A week after the wedding, Kitty was offered to be the face of Bvlgari. Kitty lost a lot of weight for modelling jobs but she revealed the brands didn’t care so much about that after all. She explained: “I remember trying to be really healthy, going to the gym and doing that sort of stuff, and when I tried on the dress for a fitting, Domenico [Dolce] was like, ‘Have you lost weight?’ "I proudly answered, ‘Yes!’ and he said, ‘OK, now the measurements are different…’ There was no emphasis on size – that’s not what it’s about at all.” Kitty is now the face and ambassador of Dolce & Gabbana. She got married at a lavish wedding in Italy last year when she wore five gorgeous Dolce & Gabbana wedding gowns.