Drivers have been warned that they may face fines of up to £2,500 and a potential driving ban for arguing while driving. This is because arguments inside a vehicle could potentially breach rule 148 of the Highway Code, which states that motorists must concentrate to drive safely. Motoring experts have previously pointed out that arguing whilst driving can seriously affect the driver’s ability to operate a vehicle. Motorists can become less observant and are less likely to anticipate hazards. This in turn may result in a road traffic collision and ultimately being charged with careless driving. Driving without due care and attention is a serious offence punishable by law. READ MORE: The UK is nowhere near ready for electric vehicles The offence is defined as “allowing the standard of driving to fall below that of a competent and careful driver”. It also carries a CD10 endorsement code that can be issued against the driver’s licence. The punishment for CD10 conviction may include a fine, points on the licence, or disqualification from driving, according to the RAC. The motoring experts added that, in many cases, driving without due care and attention will result in a fixed-penalty notice (FPN). DON'T MISS Low Emission Zones launching today - Polluting vehicles to be banned [REVEAL] Now campaigners want ELECTRIC cars to be taxed more as they 'pollute' [INSIGHT] Drivers warned of 'avalanche' of fines as councils get new powers [WARNING] This usually carries three points on the driving licence and a £100 fine. However, if the offence is more serious drivers will be automatically summoned to court. If that happens, the maximum penalty increases to £2,500 and a potential disqualification from driving. The period of disqualification is up to the judge and should reflect the seriousness of the offence. The RAC added that the consequences could be even more serious if the driver is still within two years of passing their driving test. However, driving without due care and attention is not necessarily a clear-cut offence. A conviction may depend on the judgment of a police officer or court. According the Sentencing Council, the major factors that demonstrate culpability are: excessive speed or aggressive driving, carrying out other tasks while driving, vehicle used for the carriage of heavy goods or for the carriage of passengers for reward, tiredness or driving whilst unwell, and driving contrary to medical advice. New research from Comparethemarket.com has shown just how stressful it can be to be locked inside a speeding vehicle with a nagging passenger. Therapist Marissa Peer said: "Driving is stressful for everyone but particularly for the person at the wheel. “Their nervous system is heightened because they are aware of the responsibility they have for themselves and their passengers. "Either partner might consider a car journey the perfect opportunity to discuss an issue that the other has been avoiding because they have, quite literally, a captive audience. "What’s more, there is no means of escape in a car - at home you’d be able to leave the room to make a cup of tea if it feels like there’s a row brewing. The confined space and close proximity tends to magnify your partner’s annoying habits.”