Catherine Zeta-Jones, 52, has expressed her “pride” over her son Dylan Thomas, 21, graduating from Brown University this weekend. The youngster is the eldest child of the Hollywood actress and her beloved husband Michael Douglas, 77. On Instagram, Catherine typed: “Graduation congratulations to my boy, my pride, my joy, Dylan. “I am inexplicably proud of you and I love you beyond words.” The Zorro star shared a sweet snap of her cuddling up to Dylan, while he appeared smart in his cap and gown. In response to the post, fans gushed over the duo as they expressed their delight over their familial bond. READ MORE: Maureen Lipman sparks fury as Brits push to 'abolish monarchy' michelle_2470 typed: “Congratulations to your son!!! He has a great future ahead of him. And a beautiful picture of you two.” While valerie_blane remarked: “Congratulations, Dylan! What a great achievement, especially with disrupted studies due to Covid-19. “Enjoy your celebrations!” jamesgrantpr said: “What a wonderful photo thank you for sharing.”  The previous evening he was reduced to tears after his uncle Lyndon Jones - Catherine's younger brother - made a surprise appearance at his pre-graduation dinner. Stunt performer Lyndon, 50, greeted the speechless student with a bellowing song while he dined in Rhode Island with a group of friends. Capturing the moment in a short video, Catherine wrote: "Surprise! Surprise! Pre-graduation dinner when my son Dylan sees his Uncle who came all the way from Wales to celebrate this amazing milestone. "It was tough keeping this a secret but it was priceless." DONT MISS: Claudia Winkleman compares herself to 'flawless' Tess Daly (PHOTOS)Britney Spears' fiancé Sam Asghari says wedding date set (NEWS)Strictly’s Dianne Buswell on ‘life-changing’ Freeze The Fear stint (LATEST) Brown, a private Ivy League research university, has previously been attended by celebrities including Tracee Ellis Ross, Laura Linney, John Krasinski and Harry Potter star Emma Watson. Last year, Catherine took to Instagram to share a photo of herself and Dylan after she paid him a visit at his college campus. Catherine and Michal's younger child, daughter Carys, 19, graduated from high school in 2021 and is expected to follow her brother's educational path by also attending Brown.  Sharing images from her graduation ceremony, Catherine wrote: "What a proud day as our daughter Carys graduates with honours for her International Baccalaureate! You rock, we love you." Proud dad, Michael added: "Congratulations to Carys and the entire class of 2021! "Your Mom and I are so proud of you!"