Emmanuel Macron secured a second term as French President in April, defeating his arch rival Marine Le Pen. He became the first person to be re-elected for 20 years. On Monday, Jean Castex resigned from his role as Prime Minister with Mr Macron quick to name his successor. The Elysée Palace said in a statement that the incumbent President had accepted Mr Castex’s formal resignation. Shortly afterwards, it was announced that Labor Minister Elisabeth Borne had been appointed to the role. Ms Borne became only the second ever female PM in French history, and will be charged with steering through Mr Macron’s controversial pension reform. But who exactly is she and what can we expect from her time in office?  READ MORE: UK fishing boats treated as foreigners in OWN waters under hated deal Ms Borne is the former head of the Paris metro network and has historically been close to the Socialist Party. She represented a departure from Mr Macron’s previous appointments, who had both been conservative PMs. Under Mr Macron’s presidency, she has also served as transport and ecology minister. A career highlight saw her successfully push through reforms related to vocational training and the French rail company SNCF.  For the upcoming parliamentary election, Ms Borne will be running as a candidate for Mr Macron’s La République en Marche party. Ms Borne’s name had circulated shortly after the French President won his April election, which had raised speculation as to why her appointment took so long. Her predecessor, Mr Castex, had been expected to hand in his resignation following Mr Macron’s election success. On Saturday he told the French publication Le Monde that his “journey in national politics is over”.  DON'T MISS: UK foreign aid spending to be hiked back by Liz Truss [INSIGHT]'Going home now' Russian troops taunt Ukrainian POW before killing him [NEWS]Ukraine LIVE: Russians slaughter own men as Ukrainians pose at border [LIVE] Asked about a successor, Mr Macron said he wanted to appoint “someone who was strong on social issues, environmental and production issues”. One of Ms Borne’s first targets will be to make sure that Mr Macron’s centrist party and its allies do well in June’s parliamentary election. The vote, scheduled for two rounds, will determine which group holds the majority of seats at the National Assembly. Whoever has overall control of the Assembly has the final say over the Senate in France's law-making process.  After the parliamentary election, Ms Borne’s Government is expected to unveil a bill addressing the cost of living crisis in France. She will also need to ensure that pension changes promised by Mr Macron are put into law, including raising the minimum retirement age from 62 to 65. The proposed changes have been criticised by workers, unions and left-wing voters. Mr Macron also promised that the new PM would be directly in charge of “green planning,” seeking to accelerate France's implementation of climate-related policies. 