Earlier this week, the Chancellor Rishi Sunak confirmed the triple lock will be reinstated next year after a temporary one-year suspension of it. The triple lock is a promise made by the Government to raise state pension payments by either the rate of average earnings, inflation or 2.5 percent; whichever is the highest. As a result of the suspension, the state pension rate went up by only 3.1 percent last year in line with inflation from September 2021. However, inflation is currently sitting at a 40-year high of nine percent and is expected to reach ten percent in the coming months. Emma Byron, the managing director for Legal & General Retirement Solutions, outlines why the triple lock is an essential component of the state pension payment system. Ms Byron explained: “As the cost-of-living crisis continues to bite, this decision is good news for the many people who rely on the state pension to meet their income needs. “It does, however, serve as a strong reminder that the state pension is hard to predict. READ MORE: Couple in shock as they realise they've spent £2,000 on just one trip to museum “As a result, consumers should ensure they’ve made their own private savings provisions too, in order to ensure a good standard of living in retirement. “We’ve seen an uptick in people withdrawing from their personal pensions early and at higher rates, potentially because incomes are under pressure. “This is something we are monitoring closely but hopefully the reinstatement of the ‘triple lock’ will provide some reassurance and help people struggling to make ends meet.” In response to the dire financial situation facing many households, the Government has recently rolled out a series of financial support payments to support pensioners with the recent hikes in inflation.  Those in receipt of means-tested benefit payments, like Universal Credit, will be entitled to a one-off cost of living payment worth £650. Furthermore, pensioners are set to automatically receive a payment designed just for them which will come to £350. As well as this, the Government announced a universal discount on energy bills worth £400 which will replace the “buy now, pay later” loan introduced earlier in the year. This means low-income pensioners could claim upwards of £1,500, according to one pensions expert. Steven Cameron, a pensions director at Aegon, said: “Those receiving state pensions will be relieved to hear the Chancellor announce new targeted support measures to help them with the cost of living squeeze this winter. “The Government states low income pensioner households could receive a total of £1500 in additional one-off support payments this year. “Of this, £650 will be paid to those receiving pension credit, so it becomes more important than ever that those eligible for this benefit make sure they claim it. If not receiving pension credit, the additional support adds up to £850. “The state pension increased in April by only 3.1 percent, after the triple lock formula was amended, far below inflation which is now running at nine percent. “Had the state pension been increased by this amount, someone entitled to the full rate would have been receiving a weekly state pension of £195.75 a week, £10.60 above the actual level of £185.15. This leaves an individual’s purchasing power £551.20 a year less. “The good news is the £1500 payment to the poorest pensioner households will more than compensate for this, even in households with two pensioners. For those not receiving pension credit, the £850 will also be a welcome boost.” “Pensioners will be reassured by further confirmation of the government’s commitment to re-instate the state pension triple lock. If September’s inflation rate is ten percent, this will mean an increase in the state pension of £18.50 per week from April 2023.”