The Chancellor made the announcement this afternoon in the House of Commons. This replaces the previous £200 loan towards energy bills which many people said they didn’t want. The chancellor made the U-turn after many people said they didn’t want the £200 energy loan he announced back in November. Initially, the plan meant people had to pay it back at a rate of £40 a year, which many thought didn’t go far enough to help ease the financial pressures Britons are facing. Furthermore, cash strapped Britons will be given a helping hand as Rishi Sunak has announced the Government will dish out a £650 grant. The Government has also come under a lot of pressure from Money Saving Expert founder Martin Lewis who has been pushing the Government to do more to help people who are struggling. READ MORE: State pensioners could save thousands on bills with pension credit Mr Sunak said: "I know people are struggling."We will provide significant support to the British people. "To help with the cost of living we are going to provide significant, targeted support." Sarah Coles, senior personal finance analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown commented: "Turning the burn-now-pay-later loan into a grant, and doubling it, will make a material difference. "By providing something for everyone, it’ll mean that some of those on very large incomes receive money they don’t need. "However, millions of people who would usually consider themselves to be relatively comfortable have been knocked sideways as their bills have climbed into the stratosphere, so they’ll be very relieved that some of the government’s support has been extended to them too."  Aveek Bhattacharya, chief economist at the Social Market Foundation said: “It is good news that the Chancellor has finally produced a response that reflects the scale of the economic pain poorer households are facing. These cash payments to households with the lowest incomes are the simplest and most effective way for the Government to deliver much-needed help. “Having wasted months with over-elaborate schemes, it is extremely welcome that he has joined us in recognising that the best way to help struggling families is the most straightforward: give them cash they need to deal with higher prices. “Months of trepidation and uncertainty could have been avoided had the Government heeded our suggestions and made these announcements at the start of the year, but it is most certainly better late than never.”  The Chancellor's announcement follows warnings from Ofgem this week that millions of people could see their energy bills rise by a staggering £800 to £2,800 later this year. Jonathan Brearley, Ofgem’s chief executive said: “The price changes are genuinely a once in a generation event not seen since the 1970s.”   British householders on the energy price cap have already experienced a rise of £693 to their annual energy bill, with those on the lowest incomes left with no wriggle room. Martin Lewis hosted a one hour TV special this week to help people with the cost of living crisis.  During the show the money saving expert shared tips on how to manage energy bills as prices soar. He spoke to one caller Roger who had seen his direct debit triple from £46 to £146. Martin said it’s not unusual for someone’s bill to increase by up to two and a half times, but three and a half times seemed extreme. He advised the caller to give his energy supplier a call and ask them to explain why it has increased three and a half times. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea He also suggested Britons ask their existing energy provider for a fixed energy deal if it works out at no more than 30 percent above the current price cap. Martin said: “If you can find a deal around 30 percent more than the current price cap then it’s probably worth doing. “The cheapest open market fix at the moment - forget it - it’s 42 percent.” People should also check they are receiving all the benefits they are entitled to at Gov.uk.