Princess Beatrice and Sophie Wessex have both stepped out in an identical pink gown, but which royal inspired the other? Princess Beatrice rocked a pale pink number during Trooping The Colour in 2019. The dress was by designer Emilia Wickstead. It is currently not available on the official website, however prices for other dresses range between £810 and £4,665. Emilia Wickstead's design is a mid-length number. READ MORE: Princess Anne's engagement ring is opposite to the Queen's It features black appliqué detailing across the shoulders and arms. The dress cinches in at the waist but is very modest, with a high, round collar. It is a classic fit and flare style. When Princess Beatrice wore this gorgeous piece, she accessorised it with a black fascinator, which perfectly complemented the black detailing on the dress. The most eye-catching aspect of Beatrice's fascinator was a large white flower. But the look was relatively understated, with the Princess wearing minimal makeup, aside from a smokey eye. It is believed that Beatrice does not have her ears pierced, despite having access to some of the world's most fabulous jewels. So, her jewels of choice were two gold bracelets, one being the Juste Un Clou Bracelet from Cartier. This is retailed at £2,890 and is made out of yellow gold. While Beatrice looked absolutely marvellous in the pale pink Emilia Wickstead dress, she was not the first royal woman to step out in the piece. Sophie Countess of Wessex donned the glorious gown on the first day of Ascot in 2018, just one year before. So, do the Princess and Countess shop in the same store, or did Beatrice's auntie loan her the dress for a special occasion? When Sophie wore the dress at Ascot, she accessorised to perfection with pink and black accessories. On her head she wore a striking pale pink fascinator with some black netting, a modern day Audrey Hepburn. She opted for a matching pink clutch and low-heeled pumps. In contrast to her niece, Sophie went for silver jewellery and a white watch.