According to the Driver and Vehicle Licencing Agency (DVLA), nearly 50,000 cars were recorded as stolen by the police last year. The figure rose from 46,800 in 2020 to 48,500 in 2021. The data also revealed that more than 130 cars are stolen each day in Great Britain. And with the cost of living crisis affecting almost every driver in the UK, the last thing motorists need is their car being nicked. With that in mind, Express.co.uk can reveal a cheap trick that can help drivers track their car in case it’s stolen. Many motorists are unaware that they can purchase an Apple AirTag for less than £30 and hide it somewhere in their vehicle. READ MORE: Drivers could face jail and fines for giving tips on Facebook For this to work, however, a motorist or a member of their family must own an iPhone or an iPad. The AirTag connects to an Apple device via Bluetooth within a 10-meter range. However, it can stay connected for much larger distances by being a part of the “Find My Network” Apple system. The system will allow the AirTag to connect to other Apple devices around it. DON'T MISS Drivers rage at 20mph speed cameras launching across the UK [REVEAL] Government sinks £40million into self-driving buses and delivery vans [INSIGHT] 50 percent of drivers don’t know pedestrians have right of way [SHOCKING] This in turn means that the AirTag’s location will get updated whenever an Apple device passes nearby, irrespective of the stolen car’s owner’s location. After motorist connect their AirTags to their Apple device, they can simply open the ‘Find My’ app and head to the devices menu to see the AirTag’s most recent location. Motorists, however, should test it out first. This can be done by attaching an AirTag to other objects such as a purse or a bag. Research shows that seven in 10 car owners have had to change their behaviour since the beginning of 2022. It has also been revealed that the cost of living crisis threatens road safety with drivers avoiding MOTs to save money. A recent analysis carried out by Halfords, a provider of motoring and cycling products and services, showed that one in 10 motorists have admitted to missing an MOT due to affordability. With motoring costs rising twice as fast as inflation, carrying out essential safety checks on vehicles is not only putting a growing strain on finances but may now also be impacting road safety. The research found that nearly half (45 percent) of British motorists admit that they are worried about the cost of essential car maintenance. Of those 45 percent, nearly a third of drivers said they will struggle to afford car maintenance as a result of rising costs, the study added. The figures also revealed that a quarter of those surveyed admitted to missing an MOT deadline despite 95 percent knowing when their MOT was due. Additionally, 26 percent of motorists are said to be looking for ways to get a discount on their MOT. Car maintenance is a necessary expense, according to the experts, who say that Brits are being forced to choose what essentials to prioritise. According to the research, 41 percent prioritise household bills and 34 percent food shopping, over the essential safety check. The analysis also revealed that a third are struggling to balance the cost of ensuring that their vehicle is safe to drive, with 29 percent of those surveyed saying they had to rely on credit cards to pay for essential car maintenance.