Emergency services were called to an incident where a person had been hit by a train and sadly died at the scene. Matt Smith, a reporter for the Chiswick Calendar newspaper, had tweeted he was in the front carriage of a Tube travelling on the Central Line when someone jumped in front of the train. The busy Central London station has been evacuated. The Tube driver sounded "audibly shaken" when making the announcement. Emergency services have poured into Oxford Street. An Air Ambulance also arrived. Mr Smith (@matt_tt_smith) tweeted: "Someone has just jumped in front of a Central Line train at Bond Street station (I was sat in the front carriage). "Station has been evacuated and passengers are now being asked to leave the carriage. "The driver made an announcement and sounded audibly shaken. Had to try three times to speak.  "Paramedics, police and fire engines are pouring into Oxford street & an air ambulance. "No word from announcements whether the person who jumped is still alive." A London Fire Brigade spokesperson told Express.co.uk: "We were called at 1619 to an incident at the station where a person was hit by a train and sadly died at the scene. "Two fire engines attended from Soho fire station and the incident was under control by 1703." READ MORE: Archaeologists stunned by UK medieval village: 'So grisly!'  The Transport for London (TfL) Access Twitter account confirmed Bond Street station has been closed. This is while emergency services respond to a customer incident.  TfL Access wrote: "Bond Street station - the station is currently closed while emergency services respond to a customer incident." Oxford Street westbound is currently blocked by Davies Street and Bond Street following the emergency services incident. DON'T MISSPOLL: Will you 'spend to save' by replacing gas boiler with heat pump? [POLL]34,000 TUI passengers to have flights cancelled 'by end of today' [LATEST]Crime gangs target vulnerable in new scam [REPORT]  Motorists have been warned to expect delays. BBC Radio London Travel (@BBCTravelAlert) tweeted: "A40 #OxfordStreet Westbound is blocked by Davies St/Bond Street Station following an Emergency services incident. Expect delays."  Twitter user "Tony B" (@TbBegley) shared a short video showing emergency services outside Bond Street Station. He wrote alongside this: "Something big has happened at Bond Street Tube. Anyone know what it could be?" Express.co.uk has contacted the the British Transport Police and London Ambulance Service for comment. THIS IS A BREAKING STORY. MORE TO FOLLOW...   