Jurgen Klopp has revealed he "won't take any risks" regarding Mohamed Salah's fitness ahead of Liverpool's final Premier League game of the season against Wolves on Sunday, but the Reds boss won't be overly perturbed by the Egyptian's potential absence. By his own admission, he has the "perfect" replacement ready and waiting to fill the void.  The demands of Liverpool's quadruple charge have finally taken their toll in the last few weeks, with Salah becoming the club's latest casualty. The Reds' top scorer hobbled out of the FA Cup final last Saturday to spark concerns over whether he would be fit enough to feature in the remainder of the club's Premier League campaign, or recover for in time for a mouth-watering Champions League match-up with Real Madrid - Salah's self-confessed shot at redemption. While there can be no denying the Reds will be desperate to see the free-scoring 29-year-old return for the latter, his absence this weekend will scarcely provide Klopp with cause for concern. The German has a ready-made replacement in Diogo Jota at his disposal - a player who will no doubt be relishing the opportunity to fulfil Klopp's "perfect" prediction, and against his old side of all opponents. Eyebrows were raised in some parts when Liverpool chiefs coughed by a whopping £41million to secure the striker's services back in the summer of 2020, but the Portuguese poacher has more than proved his worth since. According to Klopp, he has been the ideal addition. READ MORE: Liverpool blow as Aston Villa starter ruled out for '16 weeks' ahead of Man City clash  “A perfect signing because [Jota] has everything that a Liverpool player in this squad needs," Klopp gushed back in late November after Jota put two past Southampton in a 4-0 win. “He has the technical skills, he has the physical skills and he is very smart and can learn all the tactical stuff pretty quick. “On top of that, he can play all three positions; in a 4-2-3-1 he could play as the 10. So, it is very helpful.” And it will once again prove helpful this Sunday. With Salah out, Jota will likely be the man to fill the forward's shoes. It remains to be seen whether that will be on the left, right or down the middle, but any which way, the 25-year-old will be raring to go. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'have three signings on table' as Erik ten Hag transfer budget revealedNottingham Forest fan Robert Biggs jailed for 24 weeks for Billy Sharp headbuttGabriel Jesus 'decides stance' on Arsenal transfer without Champions League football  Since arriving at Anfield, Jota has slotted in seamlessly and has confidently made the step up that so many feared he wouldn't be capable of achieving. In 83 appearances in Liverpool red, he has found the net of 34 occasions - a mightily impressive strike-rate given his opportunities have often come in the form of a cameo from the bench. With Salah likely to be used sparingly, if at all, against Wolves on Sunday, the versatile forward's latest chance looks set to come from the off. Against his former employers, Jota can once again fulfil Klopp's "perfect" prediction by inspiring Liverpool to all three points. A three points which could potentially see them crowned Premier League champions once more. 