Kiri Durant (played by Gemma Bird Matheson) and Glen Donnelly (Richard Huggett) have developed a strong friendship over the past couple of months on Neighbours, with the former having no idea Paul Robinson's (Stefan Dennis) brother is actually her father. The father of one has done his best to keep his connection to the newcomer of the Channel 5 soap a secret, with Terese Willis (Rebekah Elmaloglou) being the only person he has confided in about his secret. However, in upcoming scenes, his daughter will learn the truth about her mother's affair with the Ramsay Street resident and as a result, she and her father could be making an exit to start a new chapter of their lives. The drama begins as Nicolette Stone (Charlotte Chimes) continues her mission to discover Glen's secret, having become concerned over his bond with Kiri. This takes her to Mallacoota as she hopes she can track down his former lover, Barbara Durant (Wendy Mocke), who happens to be Kiri's mother. Jane Harris' (Annie Jones) daughter discovers Glen was friends with Kiri's parents and she shares this information with Paul, who is also keen to dig up dirt on his brother given how close he has become to Terese. Knowing his private investigator knows something, Paul piles the pressure on John Wong (Harry Tseng), who finally admits what he's been hiding. With this information in his hands, the ruthless businessman is prepared to ruin his brother's life as he wants to expose the affair secret. READ MORE: TalkTV's James Max shocked as caller cuts off heating to save money It's not long before the whole of Ramsay Street discovers Glen had an affair with Barbara behind her husband's back and he is Kiri's real father. Shocked to have her life turned upside down, Kiri turns to Chloe Brennan (April Rose Pengilly) for support and Nicolette cowers away as she doesn't accept any responsibility for what she's done. Unfortunately for Paul, his plans to make his brother look like the villain backfire as his family turn on him for being so cruel. As a recovering alcoholic, Glen finds it a struggle to stay away from the bottle but Terese comes to support him ins hour of need. This brings the pair even closer as they share a passionate encounter witnessed by Paul but Kiri is still overwhelmed with the whole situation. Kiri seeks answers from her mother, Barbara, who is able to provide the information her daughter is looking for but this doesn't help. As she runs away and cries over the loss of one father and the introduction of another, Kiri is comforted by Glen as they have a heart to heart. For the first time since she arrived in Erinsborough, they are able to sit and talk as father and daughter but will they be able to build a relationship together? With Barbara returning home to try and save her marriage, Kiri and Glen look like they are going to find some positives out of the situation. This could ultimately lead them to make a double exit from Ramsay Street as they decide they need a fresh break away from rumour and gossip. DON'T MISS...Jason Donovan health: 'It's an illness' - star on his addiction [COMMENT]Natalie Imbruglia health: Masked Singer winner on her chronic disorder [COMMENT]Margot Robbie turned down plan to buy house in London after Brexit [COMMENT] For one, they know Paul is going to try and interfere in their relationship as he doesn't want his brother to be happy in any regard. Glen will want to get away from the businessman and this could lead to heartbreak as he knows Terese doesn't want to move away. As he brings their romance to an end, Terese could thank Glen for everything has done for her in terms of helping her through the end of her marriage and being fired from her job. Things will be a little more difficult for Kiri, who has had romantic connections with both Nicolette and Chloe during her time on Ramsay Street. Putting herself and her relationship with her father first, she could decide she wants to remain a single woman from now on. She would bid both her love interests farewell and this could ultimately push Nicolette and Chloe back together as they realise they have been using Kiri as a distraction from the feelings they have for each other. This could happen just weeks before the show's finale, which is set to air on 1 August 2022 as part of a double episode special. The actor who plays Karl Kennedy, Alan Fletcher, has spoken out on what the ending of the show means and what is in store for viewers. Alan explained: "Here's the thing… I can't tell you something I don't know about. The ink is still drying on that last episode. "They waited to write it for as long as possible because they didn't know who was going to come back... and now they are keeping that so guarded." "It's such top-secret stuff, I don't know when I'll find out. I guess...three weeks before it happens and my script lands in my inbox," he told Sky News. "So I could be sly and call you up then. Whatever that last scene is, everyone will turn up and fill the studio. "This has happened before when actors have left the show, where they're filming their last scene and it might just be two people on the set discussing their love, and there are 150 people in the studio, in the dark, waiting for the scene to finish. "This will be extraordinary, I know it will be. It'll be so emotional. I think a lot of people just won't know what to say. "They won't know what to do. It'll be like, what do we do now?" Neighbours airs weekdays at 1:45pm and 5:30pm on Channel 5.