Sheridan Smith, 40, is currently working on a new drama called Rosie Molley Gives Up Everything, and not all went to plan. Sheridan has reportedly been left "very upset" after some of her items, including bracelets, rings and necklaces were taken from her trailer while she was filming a scene. It has been reported that police were called last Thursday night to the set after Sheridan and other stars noticed that things were missing from their trailers. A Met Police spokesman said: "The offence happened at about 11.50pm on May 5. Items of jewellery were stolen from trailers in Surbiton. There have been no arrests, inquiries continue." Film crews are said to have become increasingly suspicious after similar incidents happened on other sets, including the recent theft of expensive props from the filming location of Netflix's The Crown. About the incident, an insider said: "This was a very upsetting incident and everyone involved is shocked - but Sheridan is understandably very hurt. It's absolutely disgraceful that these people would do this. READ MORE: BBC's Deborah James bids farewell as she moves to hospice at home care "Fortunately, it wasn't hugely expensive items, more day-to-day things, but she had left them in her trailer for safety while filming in character and came back to find the place had been turned over. "It's hard to get on to a set without being recognised by somebody immediately, so a few incidents in quick succession is very unusual. It could be that the same people are targeting sets, knowing there are high-value items", a source told The Sun. Express.co.uk has contacted representatives for Sheridan for comment. The publication also reported that the gang is nicknamed the Movie Takers, claiming the criminals have previously raided other film sets and are thought to have stolen thousands of pounds worth of jewellery. In the new show, Sheridan has the lead role as Rosie, who suffers from anxiety and depression, and the plot follows her efforts to ditch booze and drugs and start afresh. The hotly-anticipated series is expected to hit screens this winter. Sheridan is known for Gavin and Stacey, The Royle Family and Two Pints of Lager and a Packet of Crisps. The star will next be seen on the big screen in The Railway Children Return, an eagerly-anticipated sequel to the 1970s classic. This comes as Sheridan recently revealed that her young son Billy was "the best thing that ever happened to her". She welcomed her son in May 2020 with her ex-fiance Jamie Horn. DON'T MISS... Bill Turnbull reacts to Deborah James' fight amid his cancer battle [COMMENT] Dan Walker forced to rush to BBC Breakfast as he makes last week error [BBC] Homes Under The Hammer host Martin Roberts in plea to fans [HEALTH] The pair split in July last year and are believed to be co-parenting their young son. Speaking to Notebook magazine, she said: "I try to take him everywhere with me, he's like my little shadow. "We're like two peas in a pod, he's the best thing that's ever happened to me. So long as I keep working and have my little boy with me then I'm happy." She admitted, however, that although she tries to take her son "everywhere" sometimes her gruelling work schedule makes that very hard. But that doesn't mean she is going to quit working, because it keeps her "focused". Sheridan continued: "'Now I’ve got a son, he's always my priority, but things have really changed. "Production companies are great and they allow your little ones to come out and stay with you. "If work meant I couldn’t see Billy I’d probably cut back, but I love working and sometimes I’m better when I’m working because it keeps my mind focused."