 The Princess Royal will host the Not Forgotten Association’s garden party at Buckingham Palace on Thursday. Anne, 71, has been the royal patron for the charity, which combats loneliness amongst the Armed Forces community, for over 20 years. Today’s garden party is expected to bring together more than 2,000 War Pensioners and service personnel.  In her role as host, the princess will greet guests allowing her to meet and speak to a wide range of people impacted by the Not Forgotten Association. Anne’s work ethic has long been praised by both the Royal Family and the public. It has often been said that the princess’ diligence derives from her mother, the Queen, whose dedication to the Firm has remained steadfast throughout her 70-year reign. But the mother-daughter duo’s similarities do not end there; Personal stylist to the stars, Annabel Hodin, has claimed that Anne also mirrors her mother through her fashion choices.  Ms Hodin spoke to The Telegraph about the Princess Royal’s wardrobe during her tour of Australia and Papua New Guinea last month. She said: “There’s nothing ostentatious or too extravagant about her [Anne] wardrobe. “Wearing a tailored silhouette in one colour head-to-toe is the easiest way to travel and dress well, and also the Queen’s go-to solution.” Anne does not feel the need to make a big splash when it comes to her fashion choices, and instead focuses on “practicality over studied glamour”, according to royal style expert Bethan Holt.  Ms Holt added: “She seems to approach her wardrobe with the same attitude that she does her public role; unshowy but determined to do everything just right.” Anne’s tailored suits, monochromatic colour scheme and sensible footwear reflect the simple, yet elegant, approach of the Queen we see today. The monarch favours dresses or suits for her formal engagements, and has often been seen in matching hats and coats. Over the years, her image has become synonymous with frame handbags, silk headscarves and a collection of delicate brooches, passed down from monarchs before her. DON'T MISS: Queen health update: Monarch holds meeting virtually but Boris John... [REPORT] Princess Charlotte shares key trait with Kate 'Like her mother' [REVEAL] Meghan 'came from nothing' but 'trampled on others' - Claim [INSIGHT]  But perhaps, the most notable element of Her Majesty’s wardrobe is her vibrant colour palette. In vivid hues, the Queen stands out in a crowd — and it is for this exact reason that the monarch is committed to her bold colour wheel. In the 2016 documentary, ‘The Queen at 90’, Sophie, Countess of Wessex revealed: "She needs to stand out for people to be able to say 'I saw the Queen,'” She added: "Don't forget that when she turns up somewhere, the crowds are two, three, four, ten, 15 deep, and someone wants to be able to say they saw a bit of the Queen's hat as she went past."  In 2019, the Queen attended her last Garden Party wearing an eye-catching coral ensemble. The annual parties are a popular feature of the royal calendar, but had been cancelled due to the Covid pandemic for the past two years. This year, they have made their return but the monarch will not be in attendance. Buckingham Palace confirmed that Her Majesty, 96, would not be hosting the parties due to ongoing concerns surrounding her health.  The Queen has been suffering from mobility issues in recent months, and was forced to pull out of the State Opening of Parliament, one of her key state events, on Tuesday. Typically, the Garden Parties would require the monarch to stand and walk for long periods of time as she greets guests. It is understood that she is unable to do this. Although the Queen has had to bow out of some in-person engagements, she maintains a busy schedule and carries out virtual audiences from her home in Windsor.  Despite her absence, the Garden Parties will take place, as planned, at Buckingham Palace on May 12, 18 and 25 as well as on June 29 at Holyroodhouse. A statement from the Palace said: “Her Majesty The Queen will be represented by other Members of the Royal Family at this year’s Garden Parties, with details on attendance to be confirmed in due course.”