Daniel (played by Rob Mallard) has found himself in the centre of a love triangle on Coronation Street, with his recent relationship with Daisy Midgeley (Charlotte Jordan) ending as she was extremely jealous of his friendship with Nicky Wheatley (Kimberley Hart-Simpson). The Rovers Return barmaid also didn't take too kindly to the fact her boyfriend kept the secret Max Turner (Paddy Bever) spiked his niece, Amy Barlow's (Elle Mulvaney) drink a few months ago on the ITV soap. With so much turmoil going on at the moment, Daniel starts to reconsider his future as he starts to make some big decisions. In scenes airing later this week on the cobbles-based drama, Daniel will confide in Nicky he doesn't think he can be a teacher anymore. She will try to convince him otherwise but by the start of next week's episodes, the father of one is turning to his father, Ken Barlow (William Roache), for support. He tells the soap stalwart he is going to leave his position at the school and give up on education altogether, despite working hard for his role. This leaves the pensioner heartbroken as he always wanted his youngest son to follow in his footsteps and become a teacher. It seems the lothario's mind cannot be changed but this might make him think twice about whether he and his son should stay living on the cobbles. READ MORE: ‘He was two dimensional’ Emmerdale’s Jeff Hordley criticises Cain With everyone knowing what he did with regards to Max, it seems he is very much public enemy number one and not many people are willing to give him another chance. Tracy Barlow (Kate Ford) is someone who has been championing excluding Daniel from the Barlow family and this could be the last straw for him. No longer feeling he is part of the clan and wanting better prospects for himself and his son, he could decide he is going to pack his bags and leave. The father of one could move to London, knowing his former love interest Bethany Platt (Lucy Fallon) is living there and is working for a magazine. Wanting to pursue his writing career, he could see if his contact could help him make a life for himself away from Manchester. Whilst this conversation between Daniel and Ken is happening, Nicky decides she needs to talk to Daisy about Daniel and to draw a line in the sand. The two women have been at each other's throats since Nicky reappeared on the cobbles earlier this year, setting in stone Daisy's insecurities. Knowing Daisy is the only one who has Daniel's heart, Nicky could implore her to make him change his mind about leaving Weatherfield High. With the chance he could leave the cobbles as well, it could be a mission against the clock as the barmaid tries to persuade him to change his mind. But will she too be left heartbroken as Daniel bids a heartbreaking farewell to her, knowing he can't sustain a relationship with her? DON'T MISS...Corrie's Antony Cotton accidentally lets HUGE soap spoiler slip [COMMENT]Chris Gascoyne health: Coronation Street actor on 'alcohol problems' [COMMENT]Ryan Thomas shares 'insane' body transformation after 12 weeks [PICTURES] Discussing the prospect of his character losing his job, the actor who plays Daniel, Rob, explains how he knows he wants to be a teacher but the trouble he has caused has sealed his fate. The soap star said: "I think in his heart he wants to do it, but his head's telling him that maybe he's not actually cut out for the job. "It's essentially a crisis of confidence, that's what [the disastrous Amy Barlow spiking incident] did to him. "But it's going to be very hard for him to walk away from this job. He loves self-flagellating, he loves something to brood over and he needs to make himself suffer. "So he sees taking the job away from himself as a form of punishment. But I'm not convinced he's done with teaching," he added. Hinting at how he could leave for London, Rob added: "He was training in journalism at one point, and that does involve arguing. "So maybe he'd go back to that? It would drive him mad if he was to do something that was the same every day," he told Inside Soap Magazine. The actress who plays Nicky, Kimberley, has also spoken out about returning to the soap and being given another shot to bring her character to life. During a recent appearance on Loose Women, she explained how the coronavirus lockdown had a huge impact on her future on the soap. Kimberley said: "I couldn’t compartmentalise it at the time. I got through it, we all did. And I was so fortunate that they continued that storyline, how lucky I was that… you think that 'last in first out' vibes." "But no, they had my back and I’m forever grateful to the show for that," she continued but if Daniel were to leave, where would this leave Nicky? Having possibly failed to reunite Daisy and Daniel, there might not be anything left for her to do on the cobbles but there could be a surprise twist in store. Both feeling the heartache of losing Daniel, Daisy and Nicky could embark on an affair of their own. Although neither has indicated an interest romantically in one another before, could their dislike actually have been passion? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.