Emma Raducanu has backed herself to get on the right track despite admitting she worries people "look at her like she is crazy" for constantly swapping coaches in her quest for another Grand Slam. The Brit took the world by storm in the US Open in September after winning the entire tournament without dropping a set at the age of just 18. The first qualifier to win a tournament in the history of the Open Era, Raducanu was expected to kick on and become one of tennis' biggest stars after her triumph. But having failed to impress since, the Bromley-born hero has had four coaches in under a year as she aims to find her feet once more. The sacking of Torben Beltz after just five months of service raised eyebrows given her poor performances in the Australian Open. However, Raducanu believes she has made the correct decisions, insisting she is 'pretty confident' about her actions. “That is definitely a journey [where] I’m learning on the way, but it’s just what works for me as an individual,” she said to WSJ magazine. “It might not work for anyone else and people might look at me like I’m crazy. But I trust my own decision-making and my own beliefs of what I think is right for myself. “I’m pretty confident in how I’m working and my mindset and outlook towards how I’m approaching my tennis right.” With Wimbledon on the horizon, Raducanu will be looking to impress for the second time on home soil. Fans may not be expecting her to win the women's singles, although a better showing than last year will mean she is on the right road to success. And the star admitted she cannot wait to return to England to play once again as she competes in the Rothesay Classic in Birmingham next month. “I can’t wait to play in Britain again and I’m delighted to be competing at the Rothesay Classic in Birmingham in the 40th year of this historic event,” she added. “It will be great to get back onto the grass and relive some of the wonderful memories from last year, where the backing of the British fans was so fantastic.”