Drivers have been warned that they could face huge fines of up to £5,000 for eating an apple or a banana if they get distracted while snacking behind the wheel. And now, several Express.co.uk readers have taken to the comments section to express their fury over the rule. One reader commented that the rule is a “daylight robbery” and complete “nonsense”. They said: "What the Government is doing is daylight robbery. Another nonsense rule." Littlemick shared their theory. They claimed: “Why doesn’t the Government come clean. “They need more money to cover Johnson’s largesse around the world. READ MORE: Driver solves mystery after receiving multiple unknown parking fines “And of course, they want to win re-election when we next vote. So they can’t raise taxes beyond a too far level. “So how to increase their income? Easy. Fine people for eating apples. “They could also put a fine on eating meat on Fridays. They could try fining people if they don’t go jogging in the park three days a week. “Make a charge for entering town centers. There is all manner of ways they can increase fundraising. DON'T MISS Ferrari race car destroyed in early morning crash on residential road [SHOCKING] Scrapping MOT could lead to 2.9million dangerous cars on UK roads [REVEAL] Drivers react to tales of charging woe [INSIGHT] “Don’t give up now Boris. As for fining for eating an apple in a car. Make the fine double, if it’s the driver.” Another reader named Babyboomer added: “How about switching your attention to the ever-dangerous cyclist, riding with earbuds or headphones on, cycling one-handed eating whatever, never ever looking behind, swerving around drains and potholes, no insurance, no test!” MaggieT commented: “Biggest distraction isn’t eating a banana it’s children arguing and fighting on the back seat. “Satnavs are a distraction for a second or two as is listening to the radio; being interested in a topic could be seen as a distraction. “Ban satnavs and radios then and make it illegal to have children in cars just to go the whole hog if all distraction needs to be averted. “Maybe we shouldn’t talk to passengers either! However, the amount of revenue the motorist gives to the Treasury is huge and this vendetta needs to stop now.” Other motorists joked about the Highway Code rule. Oyea said: “Chewing apples helps you refresh your mouth and feel more aware. That is beneficial.” JDElectrics added: “Now a fine for peeling and eating an orange whilst driving may be a distraction; Apples never.” While there is no specific law that prevents motorists from eating while driving, drivers may be prosecuted for careless driving if they are not in proper control of the vehicle. Careless driving is an offence that currently carries a fine of £100 and three penalty points. And in more serious cases, or those that are contested in court, the charge can attract a maximum £5,000 fine. On top of that, drivers could receive up to nine penalty points and even a court-imposed driving ban. Police have warned that even a short lapse in concentration can have serious consequences for road users. A 2012 study by the University of Leeds also suggested that the reaction times of motorists who were eating were up to 44 percent slower than usual.