Essential Living explained that used tea bags are great to prevent pans from getting rusty. They said that "whilst you would normally stock up with teabags for your guests’ after-dinner brew, they can also be used to clean your dishes". The team explained: "To keep pots and pans rust-free, simply rub a damp, used tea bag around the surface after you've washed your kitchenware. "The tannins in the tea will form a protective layer that prevents rust." They added: "Top tip: Simply pop a couple of used teabags in a wide-mouthed spray bottle and top up with water. "Use sparingly on glass surfaces and follow with a dry microfibre cloth to remove those stubborn greasy fingerprints." READ MORE: Avoid keeping milk in door compartment of fridge to save hundreds  The team shared another useful trick to clean pots and pans with used tin foil. Essential Living explained: "Before you throw away any used tin foil, why not reuse it to scrub your oven dishes and stainless steel pans instead. "But avoid using this hack on your non-stick pans as they are prone to scratch and ruin the pan," they warned. Simply scrunch the tin foil into a ball, then wet it and gently rub it into any stubborn spots. "If the foil dries out, dip it back in the water or grab a fresh piece. "The aluminium in the foil has the ability to tackle tougher grease as opposed to cloth," they said. Their top tip is to sprinkle the pans with a thick layer of salt and lemon which "will help remove dirt even more as it breaks down the grease with its acidity". Lemon is another item which can be used to remove stains as well as to get rid of unpleasant smells around the house. The team explained: "Whether it be a tough, greasy stain like gravy or even a splash of red wine on your sofa, this simple trick will help your clothes and furniture survive. "Simply squeeze a few drops of lemon directly onto the stain and leave it to absorb for around 15-20 minutes." Lemon is a great choice for stain removal as it’s a completely natural acid with a light whitening action. They added: "This makes lemon juice a good alternative to harsh chemicals like bleach, which can ruin delicate fabrics. "For best results, place some greaseproof paper over the top as the lemon soaks as this will enhance absorption." However, they recommended "testing on a hidden area to ensure no discolouration or damage will occur" if people are not sure whether the fabric they are cleaning may react with the lemon.