 Presenter Angela Scanlon, comedian Joe Lycett, singer Will Young and Derry Girls star Dylan Llewellyn appeared on the latest instalment of Sunday Brunch. They excitedly discussed with hosts Tim Lovejoy and Simon Rimmer how the UK's Eurovision entry, Sam Ryder, became this year's runner-up. They also believed they had figured out why the Space Man singer gave the UK the best result since 1998. After being asked about Sam's Eurovision victory for the UK, Joe said: "I lost my mind, it was so exciting, wasn't it? "I could not believe it as I thought nobody would ever vote for Britain again, it's so brilliant." "We did really well numbers-wise considering we had zero points last time around." Sam was keenly favoured ahead of Eurovision 2022 due to his soaring power ballad, Space Man. READ MORE: 'Nul points!' Fans furious as Mika mimes on Eurovision It topped the jury vote, amassing 283 points, but Sam lost out on the crown to Ukraine's Kalush Orchestra. Presenter Angela told Sunday Brunch viewers she thought the secret to Sam's second-place success was his campaigning. She said: "It's a great song, it was also a good campaign I think because every year with Eurovision you have to be in the clubs. "Everyone has to get on board months ahead and everyone has to build these campaigns around their [songs].  "You can't just rock up and sing your tune and hope for the best." The other guests agreed and added that the Essex singer's long blonde locks may have helped him secure votes. They said he had "very good hair", with Joe adding: "The hair did it, I was really happy for him. He just seemed so joyful and happy." The guests also said Eurovision commentator Graham Norton "sounded shocked" at how Sam turned things around for the UK. DON'T MISS...Eurovision’s Sam Ryder comforts Marius Bear after he gets nul points [VIDEO]Britain to host Eurovision next year as Ukraine unlikely to be able  [LATEST]Britons fear UK 'can't afford electricity' to host Eurovision [INSIGHT]  Angela added: "[Graham] has to change his shtick as it's been zero for so long and it was suddenly good news." After becoming runner-up, Sam confidently told the BBC: "This is the tip of an iceberg. "The UK is going to be a force next year. It's going to be mad." Ukraine's victory has raised questions over who will host next year's Eurovision ceremony.  The winning nation traditionally hosts the following year's spectacle, but Ukraine is unlikely to have that option with Russia continuing to invade the country. When a country is unable or unwilling to host the show, another broadcaster usually steps in. Eurovision organisers have issued a statement saying no decision has been made as to where the 2023 event will be hosted. Sunday Brunch continues on Sundays at 9.30am on Channel 4. 