Many insist they are fighting a "losing battle" and fear if more doctors leave the profession, the pressure will quickly become unmanageable. Frustrated GPs today lay bare to the Daily Express how dire their sector has become. Their message is simple: "We're on life support and desperately need help for the benefit of patient care." Professor Martin Marshall, the Royal College of GPs chair, said: "General practice was under strain before the pandemic, but the crisis exacerbated this. "GPs and their teams are working to their limits. Over the past six months, the numbers of appointments delivered every month has exceeded pre-pandemic levels. "But numbers of fully qualified, full-time equivalent GPs are falling. "GPs want to be able to provide good, safe and appropriate care for patients, but due to workload and workforce pressures this is becoming increasingly difficult. "It is taking its toll on GPs' health, and they are making the decision to leave the profession earlier than planned as a result. "More GPs are in training than ever before but when more are leaving the profession than entering it, we are fighting a losing battle." Patients are still struggling to secure routine appointments because of a staffing emergency. It comes after millions were unable to see a doctor face to face during the Covid crisis, while demand has increased in terms of volume and complexity. Doctors often complain of daily battles, including the lack of resources and reliable IT systems.  And not being properly equipped to help the sick and vulnerable has seen GPs suffer mental health issues and an alarming number of newly qualified professionals are quitting as a result. An average GP will have around 2,000 patients under their care, each of whom visits the surgery about five times a year, meaning they are expected to plough through 10,000 appointments. But in some parts of the country there are just six GPs looking after 14,000 patients, while others are seeing more than 60 a day. More than one million patients access primary care every day. NHS England claimed 44.6 per cent of 30 million GP appointments in March - some 13.2 million - were on the day they were booked. The Government said it would deliver 6,000 more GPs and 26,000 practice team members by 2024 but the RCGP said it "needs to make good on its promise" as the row escalates over numbers. In 2015, the then Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt promised 5,000 more GPs by 2020. The target was not met. Four years later the Government said numbers in England would increase by 6,000 by March 2025. Excluding trainees there are now around 27,647 full-time GPs - fewer than when the vow was made. The RCGP says since 2015, numbers of trained, full-time equivalent family doctors have fallen by 1,516.  The Department of Health and Social Care trumpeted "record numbers" of doctors working in the NHS three months ago, claiming there were 4,600 more. But the reality is most GPs say the profession urgently needs an injection of staff. Estimates suggest the sector is at least 7,000 short to satisfy demand from a population with increasingly complex needs. NHS statistics show a quarter of the population has a long-term condition, and those aged 60 and over having two or more. As many as 50 per cent of drugs prescribed for long-term conditions are not taken as intended. The impact of lifestyles on health is reflected in antidepressants, statins and diabetes drugs, like metformin, being among the most commonly prescribed medications. GPs are also now dealing with a raft of issues outside their usual remit and often have to field questions relating to housing, passport applications and references. One doctor, who did not want to be named, told the Express: "General practice is in crisis. There is no doubt the profession is suffering from low morale and high burnout. We have the fundamentals of a great GP service that was the envy of the world but it's now on life support." Tory MP Robert Halfon said: "The public has an umbilical cord-like connection to the NHS. And rightly so. "It provides an incredible ser- vice and rose to the challenge posed by the outbreak of Covid. The health service is beset with problems - in part due to an evergrowing bureaucracy of middle management and red tape.  "And also in part to an ageing population with long-term health and care needs." The Government said it had provided an extra £5.4billion to the NHS to respond to the challenges of coronavirus. Health Secretary Sajid Javid said: "NHS staff are working incredibly hard to save lives and support patients and I am hugely grateful for everything they do. "We now have over 4,600 more doctors and over 11,100 more nurses compared to last year. I am focused on securing even more NHS staff so we can tackle Covid backlogs and ensure the NHS is always there for us." Meanwhile, a new poll suggests many GPs are working beyond their competence in dealing with mental health issues. Some are struggling to secure help, including for suicidal children, it was said. The survey from Pulse, which specialises in primary care reporting, found around 38 per cent of GP consultations now have a mental health element, compared with 25 per cent pre-Covid. Seven in 10 GPs said they were working beyond their competence in dealing with children's mental health issues.  Dr Nick Brown, 61, a GP in Wiltshire, said: "I worked full-time for 25 years with a variety of other responsibilities, including teaching, commissioning and providing medical cover for the local community hospital. "Two years ago, I opted for a job share and we now look after 3,200 patients. "When I joined all those years ago, I was warned that I would be taking on 'a very busy job' and that my predecessor had struggled to cope. It still is and the demands are greater. "On a typical working day I talk to 40 patients through face-to-face consultations, home visits, and virtual or telephone appointments. "There'll be perhaps 100 administrative contacts via texts, emails, the website and NHS App. "In addition, I'll deal with blood test results, prescribing queries and follow-up requests from both primary and secondary care. "Medicine is now extremely complicated. "The huge strides made in areas such as autoimmunity, diabetes, cardiac, renal and cancer treatment mean complex drugs are sometimes initiated and often monitored in primary care. "And our elderly patients take increasingly complex drugs which must be monitored with a critical combination of medical and pharmaceutical skills. "We supervise an army of administrators, nurse practitioners, first-contact therapists, pharmacists, care coordinators and social prescribers, and more recently have hosted a vaccination service that has delivered over 70,000 Covid jabs. "The job I'm now required to do is not the job I signed up for, but when people ask when I'll be retiring, they're surprised when I say not yet."  Dr Gary Howsam, 50, a GP partner in Cambridgeshire, says: "I'm a people person, so the relationships I build with patients make the job rewarding. But it is tough. "I'm a partner in a surgery of around 20,000 patients, working across two sites. "A typical day will start at 7.30am. I'll tackle paperwork that's come in overnight - mostly medication requests and test results - and then start taking calls from patients at 8am. "On a typical day, I can take 25 calls in the morning, and a similar number in the afternoon. And I see patients who need to be seen in person in between calls. "Patients are coming to the surgery with increasingly complex health problems. They might be living with a number of chronic conditions or be on several different medicines. We're also seeing more people come forward with mental health problems, which really can't be rushed. "As well as patient care, there will always be other tasks, such as dealing with hospital letters, prescriptions and medication reviews and reviewing tests. I supervise colleagues and teach trainees and students. And as a partner, there are businessrelated duties that need to be done too. "A typical clinical day is 12 hours - at the practice - and then I log on again at home. I have seen or spoken to 50 patients and made well over 150 clinical decisions. "It's a fantastic job, but it's a tough one and the intensity of it isn't sustainable - or safe - full time or long-term. We need urgent support." More than 65,000 people with suspected cancer are being left in limbo each month because the NHS is not meeting diagnosis targets, a charity claims, writes Hanna Geissler, Health Editor. The Faster Diagnosis Standard introduced in October set a target for three quarters of patients to be given a diagnosis or the all-clear within a month of an urgent referral from a GP or screening programme. But analysis by Cancer Research UK (CRUK) found it has not yet been met nationally. Some 74 per cent of patients got a result within a month in February - up from 64 per cent in January. The figure was 74 per cent in October and 71 per cent in November and December. Performance varies across England, with only 78 out of 143 hospital trusts meeting the target. Michelle Mitchell, CRUK chief executive, said: "We should not be willing to accept that over one in four people on an urgent referral are left waiting over a month to find out whether they have cancer." The charity said that between October Delay anxiety... Michelle Mitchell and February an average of 65,400 people per month faced an anxious wait of more than four weeks. CRUK is urging ministers to set a more ambitious target. Professor Charles Swanton, CRUK's chief clinician, said: "With a robust plan and sustained investment to build a cancer workforce fit for the future, we could diagnose people quicker and earlier and save more lives." Professor Pat Price, co-founder of the #CatchUpWithCancer campaign, said: "Too many people die needlessly because we fail to diagnose and treat them early." A Department of Health and Social Care spokesman said: "We are committed to reducing waiting times for cancer patients which is why we are rolling out up to 160 community diagnostic centres." What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea