The monarch, 96, was pictured travelling back to her Berkshire royal residence accompanied by one of her beloved corgis. The head of state could be seen sitting in the front of a chauffeured car with her dog in the back. The nation's longest-reigning monarch, who has recently suffered from mobility issues, was returning to Windsor from a pre-Jubilee break resting in Balmoral. It comes as four days of Platinum Jubilee celebrations kick off later this week. The festivities marking the Queen's historic 70-year reign start with Trooping the Colour on Thursday. More than 1,500 officers and soldiers and 350 horses from the Household Division will stage the display on Horse Guards Parade in central London, with the colour trooped by the 1st Battalion, Irish Guards. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** Some 400 musicians from 10 military bands and corps of drums will march amid pomp and pageantry. The Royal Family will travel from Buckingham Palace along The Mall to the parade ground in carriages, with Prince Charles, Prince William and Princess Anne on horseback. Plans are said to be in place either for the Queen briefly to inspect the troops on the parade ground or from the palace's balcony with the Duke of Kent, or to only appear on the balcony with the Royal Family for a special flypast afterwards. The balcony appearance has been limited to working royals only, meaning Meghan Markle, Prince Harry and Prince Andrew will miss out.  Later on Thursday, more than 3,000 beacons will be set ablaze across the UK and the Commonwealth in tribute to the Queen. The monarch is hoping to attend a traditional service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral in central London on Friday with her wider family. It could be the first time the Sussexes, who are travelling from California, have been seen alongside the Windsors since Megxit. The Queen was due to attend the Epsom Derby on Saturday, but she no longer plans to do so in order to pace herself throughout the bank holiday weekend.  Harry and Meghan's daughter Lilibet also celebrates her birthday that day and there is speculation that the one-year-old could see her namesake great-grandmother for the first time. On Saturday evening, the BBC's Party at the Palace - set on three stages in front of Buckingham Palace - will entertain a live crowd of 22,000 and a television audience of millions. The line-up includes Queen + Adam Lambert, while Charles and William are to deliver public tributes. The monarch is expected to watch the party on television from Windsor Castle.  On Sunday, people across the country are expected to sit down with their neighbours at street parties, picnics and barbecues, with more than 85,000 Big Jubilee Lunches being held across the UK. The finale of the celebrations will take place with the Jubilee Pageant through the streets of London. The £15 million procession is set to be watched by up to a billion people across the globe. Puppet corgis, a giant 3D wire bust of the Queen and the Gold State Coach are just some of the sights set to feature in the nearly 2-mile parade. It is hoped the monarch will make a final appearance on the palace's balcony to round off the weekend to see a musical finale of Ed Sheeran singing the National Anthem with a choir made up of nearly 200 celebrities.