Dmitry Evstafiev insisted America needed to negotiate on Russia's terms to avoid major repercussions to its production lines. Evstafiev then went on to discuss how they would supply China with Ukraine corn supplies. Many countries around the world are facing food shortages due to the disruption in the production of corn in Ukraine, as Ukraine is the fourth largest exporter of corn globally.  Evstafiev claimed that Ukraine was the breadbasket of Europe, and how cutting off supplies would be the most dangerous thing Russia could do. He said: "Ukraine's deal with the Chinese and the corn didn't come through. "They need it, we'll supply them with Ukraine's corn, certainly, certainly. "Especially since we have every opportunity to do it cutting off the former Soviet Republic of Ukraine, from the Black Sea.  JUST IN: Helen Skelton missing from Countryfile as husband 'jets abroad with new love interest'     "From the croplands from the breadbasket granary, this is the most dangerous thing. Evstafiev added: "This is the most dangerous thing and the corn too. "And one more thing that is still ahead for us, we need to find effective points of vulnerability for Americans, we need to think and not discuss it publically. "But we need to identify them and apply pressure to make that the last drop, that will force the American elites to recognise that they need to negotiate with us.  READ MORE: Putin's nuclear threat exposed: How UK, US and their allies could retaliate with force    "And they need to negotiate with us on our terms and not on their terms.  Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has been urging western nations to keep supplying them with money and weapons to fight off the Russian onslaught. Russian state officials have been getting angry with the support Ukraine has been getting, so the Kremlin has continued to issue nuclear threats to scare off the West. DON’T MISS: EU in turmoil as Orban backs Putin with veto on energy ban ‘We’ll never support’Boris hit with hammer blow: Pensioners to boycott Tories THIS WEEK over 'broken promises''This is terrible' Britons' ire at Spain's new drinks limit on all-inclusive trips  