Leeds United and Burnley have joined forces to demand the Premier League investigate concerns Everton have breached Financial Fair Play rules. Sanctions can include a possible points deduction if they are found guilty of seriously breaching the rules. The news comes less than 24 hours after Everton secured their safety in the top flight. Frank Lampard's side came from two goals down to beat Crystal Palace 3-2 at Goodison Park. But it has emerged Leeds and Burnley contacted the Premier League last Friday before the Toffees' two most-recent matches. Both clubs want an independent commission to be formed in the next six weeks to look into the debts at Everton. They believe the Merseyside club have breached spending rules and therefore benefited unfairly compared to their rivals. However, Everton have responded with a statement from a spokesman who is confident the club have done nothing wrong. READ MORE: Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag questioned over two 'unimaginative' transfer targets  He told The Times: "We have worked closely with the Premier League to make sure we are compliant. We are comfortable we have complied with the rules. "External auditors have told us what we can and cannot claim against the pandemic. If clubs want to take legal action that's their decision." Everton have recorded losses of £371.8million since 2019 despite Premier League rules stating clubs cannot lose more than £105m in any three-year period. The club released a statement in March explaining the reason behind the losses. The statement read: “Losses of at least £170m are attributed to the impact on the Club of the Covid-19 pandemic, with £103m of that figure coming in the 2020/21 financial year. Continued investment in the playing squad, coupled with the impact of the pandemic, has resulted in the club posting a loss of £120.9m for the year ending 30 June 2021. DON'T MISS'Feeling' Sir Jim Ratcliffe wants to buy Man Utd from the Glazers after failed Chelsea bid [REPORT]Man Utd can kickstart Ten Hag era with sexiest of signings that ticks all boxes [COMMENT]Paul Pogba worried about playing for Man Utd against Crystal Palace as details emerge [REPORT]  “The wide-ranging impact of Covid-19 on Everton — which further market analysis has indicated could include an additional £50m — covers lost revenues, additional costs due to strict Covid-19 playing protocols and a significant contraction in the transfer market which resulted in the inability to generate the level of transfer fees which could reasonably have been expected pre-pandemic.” However, Leeds and Burnley believe something is amiss. While Everton are sitting pretty in 16th following their win over Palace, Leeds and Burnley are sweating over their futures in the top flight. Burnley know victory over Newcastle at Turf Moor on Sunday would mean they are safe and would relegate Leeds. However, anything less than three points would open the door for Jesse Marsch's side if they overcome Brentford. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 