  Australian singer Nick Cave, 64, was set to release a memoir dedicated to his late son Arthur, who died seven years ago at the age of 15. It has now been announced that his second son, Jethro, has tragically died at the age of 30.     Jethro’s family confirmed the sad news in a statement released by his dad. The Bad Seeds frontman wrote: “With much sadness, I can confirm that my son, Jethro, has passed away. "We would be grateful for family privacy at this time.” The news of the former model’s death comes just two days after he was released from prison on bail after admitting to attacking his mother. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's 'main issue' pointed out by Karren Brady       Jethro was Nick’s second son to die in seven years, as his teenage boy Arthur died back in 2015 after falling 60ft from a cliff in Ovingdean, near Brighton. In September 2021, Nick announced he would be releasing a memoir called Faith, Hope and Carnage, documenting his grief following Arthur’s death. The book was due to be published in Autumn 2022 and had been drawn from over 40 hours of interview time with friend Sean O'Hagan, who Nick has known for 30 years. Arthur died from "multiple traumatic injuries due to a fall from a height” and the pathologist told the court the teenager had LSD in his system at the time of his death.      An inquest at Woodvale Crematorium in Brighton heard how Arthur was seen "staggering" and "zig zagging" on his own moments before he fell off the cliff. The teenger was rushed to the Royal Sussex County Hospital but died that evening. Nick’s second eldest child Jethro’s cause of death is not yet known. The 30-year-old was jailed back in April after assaulting his mother, Beau Lazenby, and had only just been let out of prison. READ MORE... Jeremy Clarkson unleashes fury over James Corden at Grand Prix [INSIGHT] Lorraine Kelly says Katie Hopkins is only star banned from her show [LATEST] Monty Don sparks frenzy as he announces 'perfect' new family arrival [UPDATE]      Jethro kneed Beau in the face during an argument, which caused bleeding and bruising, the court heard. While he admitted to one count of unlawful assault and breaching court orders, any charges of intentionally causing injury were dropped. Jethro’s lawyer, Sean Ghattas, told the court Jethro had been diagnosed with schizophrenia. After his second son’s sad passing, Nick has two surviving children.      He shares his eldest son, 30-year-old Luke, with ex-wife Brazilian journalist Viviane Carneiro. The pair were married for six years before divorcing in 1996 and Nick remarried in 1999. His second wife, Susie Bick, is mother to his 21-year-old son, Earl. Earl is the twin of Arthur, and has since made a name for himself as an actor, starring in shows like Alex Rider and The End of the F***ing World.   