The number of visas issued to migrants from outside of the EU reached a record in 2021 as the first year of the UK's post-Brexit rules led to a more liberal immigration system, the Times has revealed. Home Office figures show that 843,538 non-EU migrants were granted visas to live, work and study in Britain last year. The number stood at just over 450,000 in 2020. However, 2020 brought many problems, including COVID-19 and pandemic-related travel restrictions. The figure is a 107,000 increase when compared to 2019. It appears the surge was partially fuelled by a large number of student visas, which totalled 416,250. Visa schemes, helping those from Hong Kong and Afghanistan, also contributed to the rise. However, Migration Watch UK, a Westminster-based think tank that campaigns for lower immigration, claimed that the record numbers of non-EU migrants showed the UK Government had broken its pledge to reduce the number of people coming to Britain. JUST IN: Attorney General says ECJ should have no say on UK disputes over hated Brexit deal Alp Mehmet, chairman of Migration Watch UK, told the Times: “The inflow from overseas is now huge and rising. "We are seeing the opposite of what the Government promised in 2019. "Rules were meant to be tighter with numbers coming down. "Immigration is now running out of control as longer-term entries skyrocket. "Meanwhile, asylum claims from anyone who can make it to UK shores are exploding. The public were duped." READ MORE: ‘Chancellor without an economic policy’ - Rishi Sunak blasted by angry Tory MPs The 2019 Conservative Party manifesto said: "A majority Conservative Government will get Brexit done, and then introduce a firmer and fairer Australian-style points-based immigration system, so that we can decide who comes to this country on the basis of the skills they have and the contribution they can make – not where they come from. "Migrants will contribute to the NHS – and pay in before they can receive benefits." It added: "There will be fewer lower-skilled migrants and overall numbers will come down. "And we will ensure that the British people are always in control." However, immigration experts suggested that it was unsurprising that non-EU immigration was increasing given that the new rules are more favourable for this group compared to when the UK was a member of the EU. Madeleine Sumption, director of the Migration Observatory, said: "The post-Brexit immigration system is more liberal for non-EU citizens than the one that preceded it, so it’s no surprise to see an increase in visas granted for work and study. "There are more people coming in on skilled work visas in particular, where numbers are mostly driven by overseas health workers. "But the biggest contributor to higher visa grants for non-EU citizens in 2021 is actually the scheme for British Nationals Overseas status holders from Hong Kong, which isn’t directly related to Brexit. "There aren’t yet any reliable figures for immigration of EU citizens, but they make up a very small share of visas in 2021. "One consequence of the post-Brexit immigration system is likely to be that a much higher share of immigration to the UK will be people from outside the EU."