The tourists took issue with TUI after they claimed they fell ill at the Holiday Village resort in Lanzarote. The resort has a four star rating. The complaints all date back over 10 years, for holidays between May and August in 2009. Claimants claim that poor hygiene standards at the resort in Playa Blanca resulted in them getting food poisoning. The tourists claim there were “maggots in the milk”, animals in the dining area and faeces in the swimming pool. Lawyers acting for the group of holidaymakers said they had suffered from an “acute gastronomical infection” including nausea and diarrhoea.  The group’s barrister said that as the tourists were on an all-inclusive holidays, they had only eaten at the hotel. Barrister Charles Crow claimed: “Fresh food was added to older food, food appeared to be recycled/represented at later meals. “Food, restaurants and general hygiene standards were poor. "A cloth used to clear up vomit was then used to clean the rest of the floor. “Water was served via a dispenser rather than in sealed bottles, and there was an unpleasant smell by the juice dispensing machine. “Pests, including wasps, insects, birds, cats and dogs were seen in the eating area. “Pools were insufficiently cleaned, the water was often dirty/cloudy, there was litter around the pool and faecal accidents were not dealt with adequately and or/quickly. “There was an unpleasant smell of sewage from the irrigation water used in the grounds.” He said that each of the claimants suffered “distress, anxiety and lack of enjoyment” on their holiday. The 83 compensation payments are due to go before the High Court next week before approval. A TUI spokesperson told Express.co.uk: “We are sorry to hear of these experiences at the Holiday Village Lanzarote. "As this is now a legal matter, it would be inappropriate to comment further. "We’d like to reassure customers that we regularly audit all of our hotels in respect to health and safety, including hygiene." There are six more claimants whose cases are yet to be settled so the total compensation amount could be higher. The symptoms of food poisoning include nausea, diarrhoea, being sick and stomach cramps. Those afflicted can also suffer from a high temperature and a general sense of feeling unwell. 