Huge queues were reported at Dover this weekend as reports emerged the French had only opened two passport control booths, causing carnage for holidaymakers. P&O Ferries described the delays as “out of control” with the Port of Dover officials claiming the delays were taking hours to clear.  A busy weekend also saw disruption elsewhere, with hundreds of flights cancelled across the UK, with EasyJet and TUI both suffering from issues. London St Pancras also saw queues spiralling around the building as many headed for Paris as part of the half-term holidays, coupled with the Champions League Final between Liverpool and Real Madrid at Stade de France. Yet for many, the chaos came as an opportunity to vent their anger at the French.  Express.co.uk readers were most vocal over the French authority's lack of personnel, with some claiming it was almost done on purpose. Alan Mason said: “The me, me, me Francophiles will never learn. “The French are nasty, arrogant, English haters.” Bigzap added: “It is the French being the French again...Nothing changes...” Donnumnum joined many others in advising people not to travel to France. He said: “When oh when will people learn the French loathe and detest British people. “Don’t go there.” This was reflected by others. Herb said: “Quite simply, don’t visit France.”  READ MORE:Migrant charity scuppers first flight from UK to Rwanda Others suggested finding alternative destinations, in particular following scenes witnessed outside the Stade de France. The Crazy Taf said: “Well, people need to find an alternative route, France is not a friendly country, it hasn’t been for a number of decades, and the actions of the French police last night are a firm example of the French feeling towards the British.” RaveOn added: “British people need to look at visiting other countries, like Turkey or Morocco or Cape Verde, instead of EU countries for future holidays because these EU countries have made it clear Brits are no longer welcome and they will do anything they can to make life difficult for them.” Others blamed the French for their anger over Brexit. Rick said: “Typical French being Childish after Brexit. “They can’t forgive the UK for taking away our Money and Fish” Let’s Just Say ended by saying “The French just want to make it difficult, as always. “Boycott France.”  DON'T MISS:Council killjoys take aim at Jubilee [REVEAL]London school kicks off Platinum Jubilee celebrations [REPORT]Liz Truss issues Putin warning over 'weaponising hunger' [INSIGHT] Others took to Twitter to vent their frustration at the delays. Harvey B said: “France as a country are shambolic at organising anything. “I once spent 2hrs going through the passport control at Charles De Gaul because they opened one f*****g gate. “I missed my flight, and now I hate the French.” One small business owner took to social media to ask Transport Secretary Grant Shapps for help. Eleanor Walker wrote: “Grant Shapps, are you aware of what is happening in Dover right now? “Lorries have been parked up now for almost 14 hours (some maybe more) trying to cross. “We are a small family-run transport company with trailers full of produce trying to get to France. “Anything you can do here?”  With the weekend now behind, The Port of Dover has announced queues have now improved. The latest information from the authority on its Twitter feed reads: “Approach roads to the Port are free-flowing. “Tourist traffic free-flowing. “TAP and Buffer Zone currently in use for freight traffic.” 