Nearly three (2.8) million Britons depend on Personal Independence Payments (PIP) to help with the cost of living. However, the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) has confirmed there will be a small change to their payment date next month because of the Queen’s Jubilee. Britons will be celebrating the Queen’s Jubilee next month as the nation enjoys an extra bank holiday. The late May bank holiday will move to Thursday June 2, while there will also be an extra bank holiday on Friday June 3. Due to the bank holidays, millions of Britons who depend on DWP benefits such as PIP, Universal Credit and Pension Credit will see their payment date change. It will mean anyone who usually receives their benefits on Thursday June 2 or Friday June 3 will receive it a day early on Wednesday June 1. READ MORE: Free prescription could be scrapped for over 60s - how to pay LESS What benefits can I claim? As the cost of living crisis continues to wreak havoc with people’s finances, Britons are being reminded to check their benefits entitlement. While the older generation is the most likely to miss out on state benefits according to Age UK, homeowners are also more likely to think they can't claim. Nearly half of pensioner homeowners over the age of 65 have never checked if they are entitled to benefits on top of their State Pension, research by advisory firm HUB Financial Solutions shows. DON'T MISSMartin Lewis urges Britons to watch out for 'hidden' payments [WARNING]Nationwide has increased rates across savings and ISA accounts [UPDATE]Dave Ramsey suggests if man should overpay mortgage or put it pension [INSIGHT]  Its research found 46 percent of homeowners had never checked if they are entitled to extra benefits, nearly double the 25 percent of those living in rented homes. Homeowners who qualify for help from the DWP are missing out on £1,197 a year on average. Simon Gray, managing director of HUB Financial Solutions, said: “With energy and food costs rising, it is important for people struggling for income, take up their benefits entitlement. “State pensioners received a 3.1 percent rise in April but the Consumer Prices Index rose seven percent over the year to the end of March and many – including the Office for Budget Responsibility, the government’s own fiscal watchdog – are expecting further cost increases. Mr Gray added: “Benefits are made available to help people in a wide range of circumstances, whether they are struggling for income, having to care for a relative, have an illness or disability, or are entitled to a reduction in Council Tax.” Approximately £15billion is lost in unclaimed DWP benefits every year in the UK. In total, there are 11 DWP benefits people could qualify for: Universal Credit, Housing Benefit, Personal Independence Payments (PIP) Employment and Support Allowance and Attendance Allowance. In addition, there’s also Pension Credit, Disability Living Allowance, Carer’s Allowance, Jobseeker’s Allowance and Income Support. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Pension Credit is the most underclaimed benefit according to Entitled To. More than one million pensioners are missing out on up to £3,000 a year. Pension Credit also acts as a gateway benefit for people to claim a reduction on their council tax bill and help towards energy bills. Britons can go to Gov.uk to work out their entitlement.