Little – if any – progress appears to have been made in the latest round of talks over the Northern Ireland Protocol. London negotiators have again threatened to trigger Article 16, but their Brussels counterparts have signalled that a trade war would be launched if they did. Commentators insist that the stakes are high – that the Protocol risks altering not merely a few trading percentages but the very makeup of the United Kingdom itself. Businessman Ben Habib said this could not only push Northern Ireland out of the UK, but also give Scotland a renewed desire to go independent. He told Bournbrook Magazine a failure by the UK Government to get a grip on the talks could result in “Irish reunification, followed by Scotland also having a crack at leaving the union”. The Brexit Watch Chairman did not pin much hope on the Government to push for the changes required to make the post-Brexit situation in Northern Ireland workable. Among many criticisms of the Protocol is its role in ensuring checks on goods moving from Britain to Northern Ireland (that is, from one part of the UK to another). Mr Habib insisted the Conservative Party Government is “hopeless” and cannot be relied upon to resolve the matter. He said: “Our hapless Government hasn’t got the wherewithal to chart a safe route for the UK.” A “person familiar with the matter” earlier this month told Bloomberg Brussels would likely suspend its trade agreement with the UK if Ministers revoke their commitments over the Protocol. READ MORE: Tories, Labour, Lib Dems and SNP shamed over 'low calibre' MPs They added this could even impact separate talks, and could, for example see negotiations over the status of Gibraltar “halted”. Brexiteer Lord Hannan said the EU was holding this line not because of necessity but for political points. He insisted this demonstrated the bloc’s “determination to treat Britain as a wayward province rather than an ally”. DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] The Tory peer added: “Nothing the UK proposes will hurt the EU.” Instead, Mr Habib warned that Brussels wanted effectively to “take” Northern Ireland as a “cost” of Brexit, perhaps as a warning sign to other EU member states looking for the exit. He said “the EU was open with us from the start” that “the price of Brexit would be Northern Ireland”. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss, who is heading talks for the UK, this week announced a proposed bill that would give the Government powers to override the Protocol. But some fear this may not be legal under international law, given that it would work against an existing international treaty – the Protocol. Even a number of Conservative MPs remain “unconvinced” on this point, according to the Economist, though few have pointed to another, clear route out.