Rafael Nadal has been sent a warning ahead of the French Open. The Spaniard is making his return to the tour at next week’s Madrid Open following a rib injury sustained in Indian Wells back in March.  The Spaniard usually plays four events in Monte Carlo, Barcelona, Madrid and Rome before launching an assault on the Roland Garros crown. But with his preparation disrupted due to a spell on the sidelines, coach Patrick Mouratoglou thinks the 35-year-old faces a tough task if he is to regain his crown. “Rafael Nadal is not going to play many matches, and it is extremely rare that he arrives at Roland Garros with so few matches,” Mouratoglou told France Info, as quoted by TennisWorldUSA. “So, for Roland-Garros, there is a real unknown for him. Despite his incredible start to the season, he is a player who has always needed to play a lot (before Roland Garros). He will not reach the top.” Despite missing the events in Monte Carlo Carlo and Barcelona - where has a combined total of 23 titles - Nadal has returned fit, motivated and excited to play in front of his home fans once again, with his campaign set to commence on Tuesday. “Talking about the injury, I’m recovered, I feel good. Talking about my tennis game and preparations, well, it’s a completely different story,” Nadal added. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic opens up on his Boris Becker 'heartbreak' after jail sentence   “Anyone who has broken a rib knows how limiting it is, very painful, especially the first weeks. I wasn’t able to do anything without a lot of difficulties, even to fall asleep because of the pain. I have improved compared to when I came here but I still have up and downs because it’s been a long time without being in these kind of situations and it’s going to be a difficult week, for sure.” His campaign is set to commence on Tuesday with a potential blockbuster quarter-final with compatriot Carlos Alcaraz on the cards, as well as a semi-final showdown with great rival Novak Djokovic. “I have improved compared to when I arrived here [in Madrid], but I still have ups and downs, because it's been a long time. It's going to be a difficult week," he said, who hopes to assess where his level is when he participates in his first tournament for over a month. "That's the reality. We have to be calm, we have to accept that things are going to be far away from perfection, but then onwards we just have to fight. I’m recovered. I feel good." When asked about his preparation time, Nadal said: "It's a very tight tournament for me. DON'T MISS  "We will have to take the positives and perhaps I will have good moments playing on court. We have to have some patience. We have to be humble day after day to see what happens. I will try to improve every day." Nadal will hope to win a record extenidng sixth Madrid Open crown, which would mark his first title win in the Spanish capital since 2017. 