Das Boot will be arriving on Sky Atlantic and NOW for a third outing and the new season follows a young U-boat crew during the Battle of the Atlantic. Meanwhile, Gestapo officer Hagen Forster (played by Tom Wlaschiha) discovers a lethal plot involving plundered wartime gold. Anna Schudt joins the cast as Bettina Gruber and she teased what is to come for her character. The new season of the German historical drama sees Hagen Forster uncover plans to steal a fortune. This discovery, as well as the dark experiences on the Eastern front, lead him to question his own actions and moral path. In turn, this leads him to a mysterious character, Klaus Hoffman (Rick Okon) caught up in a conspiracy that could change the course of the war. Another character who crosses Forster's path is Bettina, a wife who may not be entirely happy in her marriage. Actress Anna said: "They have an interesting situation in their marriage, I don't want to spoil it.  READ MORE: Antiques Road Trip’s Natasha Raskin Sharp on how she nearly lost role "But she is special because she takes what she wants and she thinks she deserves the best. "She takes the men and the money and somehow ignores the war. "I think the role is special because she is fun for everybody and the role she is going to play is very important, she has a plan." The star said viewers will find her character "dealing with Forster in the beginning". She added: "He doesn't know much about her but he plays a role in her game. "She doesn't know exactly what it is, but the strings are in her hand." The 48-year-old Emmy-winning actress was excited to play a woman who was not "burdened" by war. The wife and mother-of-two said: "It was a new experience [playing this character]. "She doesn't suffer, she has no burden on her shoulders. She is quite free in her mind and her moral situation. DON'T MISS... Richard Madeley digs at Meghan Markle over plans to be President [VIDEO] Das Boot newcomer teases 'moral dilemma' for character in season 3 [INTERVIEW] Sky's Beth Rigby nails Keir Starmer over refusing to quit [VIDEO] "It's cool to play such a character as sometimes in wartime, the women are very burdened and they are unhappy, and this was not the point. It was very interesting and new." The star also opened up about joining the cast part-way through the series and she was made to feel very welcome. She said: "It was a real party with the costumes and makeup, it was so funny and wonderful. "It was like a dream, the set was cool. It was special with lockdown as we were all together in the hotel. "We had a lot of time together which isn't so normal, it was very interesting and exciting." The drama takes viewers to Northern Germany’s Kiel, the major naval base of the German Reich. Already promising an epic season finale, fans are keen to find out where the crew find themselves next. The series has already been renewed for a fourth season, with production due to start in June.  Das Boot season 3 airs on Sky Atlantic and NOW from Sunday, May 15.