Strictly Come Dancing runner-up John Whaite has revealed he's been left "heartbroken" after the theatre production he was set to star in was axed before he made his West End debut. The Great British Bake Off winner, 32, was set to take to the stage in his debut theatre role as Prince Charming in Andrew Lloyd Webber's production of Cinderella, but news of the show's axe yesterday left him disappointed. In view of his 308,000 followers, the Strictly star revealed that he had been left "heartbroken" following the announcement. John wrote: "This is heartbreaking news. "For me because I was due to take the role of Prince Charming in July, but more so for the current cast, band and production team who have battled through Covid to bring a brilliant new show to the stage. My heart goes out to each and every one of them," he added. READ MORE: Piers Morgan slams Angelina Jolie as she's spotted visiting Ukraine The star went on to add that he is still hopeful to land a "dream" theatre role in the future. John continued: "I was lucky enough to watch Cinderella in December 2021 and it was one of the most wonderful musicals I've seen in a long time. "I was so excited to join the cast, it was a lifelong dream come true, but sadly it isn't to be right now. "Who knows what the future will hold - I won't lose hope," John ended the post. He went on to share a screenshot announcing the closure of the West End play that had debuted last summer. On Sunday it was announced that the show at the Gillian Lynne Theatre in Covent Garden is set to stop production. Carrie Hope, who has been starring as Cinderella, addressed the news on social media. She wrote: "I don't think I have the words. DON'T MISS... Helen Skelton devastated over husband Richie 'dating younger woman' [INSIGHT]Victoria Beckham and lookalike daughter Harper look pretty in pink [ANALYSIS]Anne Hegerty reacts to Mark Labbett's The Chase replacement [UPDATE] "And if I did I would probably be advised not to say them. "Sending love to all impacted by todays news and by how that news was delivered," she added. John shot to fame after winning the third series of The Great British Bake Off in 2012. Last year, he took to the dancefloor with professional dancer Johannes Radebe on Strictly Come Dancing. The pair made history as the first male dance couple and went on to finish in second place on the programme, losing out to Rose Ayling-Ellis and Giovanni Pernice. Earlier in the day, he shared a sweet snap of himself in bed while dog sitting. He wrote: "Looking after mum's dog Cora while mama has an operation." The Strictly star looked happy as he cuddled up to a couple of pooches while reading in bed.