The holidaymaker died after falling off a hotel balcony, according to a local report. If it is confirmed, it will be the first death this holiday season caused by "balconing". The act involves jumping into a swimming pool from a balcony or falling from height while climbing from one balcony to another. The Brit is reported to have been 34 years old. Sources in the Civil Guard reportedly say they believe he could have been under the influence of substances, due to his “strange” behaviour before the incident. Police in the Mallorca party hotspot are investigating the circumstances of his death, and are reportedly interviewing family and friends about what happened. The incident happened around 8am this morning at an hotel in Notari Alemany street - known locally as South Beach Hotel. Reports in the local Spanish press suggest the man may have been trying to balance on the rails of the hotel before slipping. He fell over 15 metres. The emergency services raced to the scene - including an ambulance, police and the Civil Guard. Despite their best efforts, doctors from a nearby medical centre were unable to revive the man. An autopsy is to be carried out in the next few hours. READ MORE: Airport queues: Passenger rights on missed flights [REVEAL]  Magaluf police are trying to change the party destination's image. Last July armed police were ordered to crackdown on "disgraceful" behaviour such as heavy boozing and fights as Brits returned to the party island for the first time since the pandemic. Tourist bosses are reportedly keen for the town not to return to its infamous party resort image as international holidays become popular again. They described their worldwide reputation as of "tourism of excess". Cars were searched for drugs and for alcohol to prevent any plans for street bottle parties - which are popular in Spain. Taking glasses out to drink in the street is banned under the new behaviour rules and beaches have to be cleared at midnight. Additional reporting by Rita Sobot.