The Queen has stuck with her pledge to serve the British people for over 70 years, and she will mark the historic landmark of her Platinum Jubilee next week. Biographer Andrew Morton reported in his latest book Her Majesty had once admitted she would have wished to "mix" with her people as part of her everyday life. Speaking to Lorraine, Mr Morton said: "She's lived with those four letters, duty, throughout her life. "She's also tried to make some sense of what she's had to do – the isolation and the loneliness of the job. "She was once in discussion with Billy Graham, the famous America born-again preacher, and he was saying, 'wouldn't you like to mix with the people?' "They were looking out of Buckingham Palace and he said, 'wouldn't you like to mix with those people out there?' And she said 'with all my heart.' "She's a matriarch to the nation but she's also distant as well." READ THE LATEST UPDATES ON EXPRESS.CO.UK'S ROYAL FAMILY LIVE BLOG The Queen first met with Reverend Graham in 1960s, when he travelled to the UK to conduct one of his evangelical campaigns. The pair struck an unlikely friendship strengthen by their shared Christian faith, and she would repeatedly invite him to preach for her. Royal expert Robert Lacey said in 2018: "Whenever he came to England [the Queen] would invite him to preach, and often when she came to America. "The Queen would come to America more often than people realize, on private visits to see the racehorses in Kentucky—and she would often visit with Billy Graham because they had the same fundamental Christian faith." READ MORE: Jubilee beacons map: Where the nearest beacon event is to YOU - mapped  Her Majesty is set to oversee four days of major celebrations to mark her Platinum Jubilee next week. She is expected to appear on the balcony at Buckingham Palace with Prince Charles and Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall alongside most working royal members. The Queen will be taking a step back at Trooping the Colour, with the Prince of Wales, Princess Anne and Prince William stepping in her stead. However, she is scheduled to take a prominent role at a thanksgiving service at St Paul's Cathedral on June 3, where she will also be reunited with Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. DON'T MISS: 'Really weird place' Meghan and Harry stuck 'in limbo' as Sussexes 'play royal' in US [LATEST]Royal POLL: Should Britons sing Sweet Caroline for Queen? [INSIGHT]Queen's historic coronation close-up only captured by cameraman's 'naughty' trick [ANALYSIS] Her Majesty could also make an appearance at the Epsom Darby on June 4 despite her horse having had to be withdrawn due to health issues. The Queen has been slowing down her appearances since last October when Buckingham Palace confirmed she had spent a night in hospital. In February, she also contracted coronavirus and spent one week on light duty. She has since reduced her workload and passed on a large number of her duties down to Prince Charles and Prince William.