Janine (played by Charlie Brooks) thinks Linda (Kellie Bright) is standing in the way of her relationship with Mick (Danny Dyer). Cruelly, she used Nancy's (Maddy Hill) dream of buying a restaurant to secure enough money to encourage Linda to pack her things and walk away from her family. However, Linda, not knowing where the money had come from, took the £50,000 and refused to budge. As she and Sharon Watts (Letitia Dean) work out what Janine has done in upcoming EastEnders episodes, Sharon vows to get revenge. Will she ensure Janine is the one to leave after she exposes her heartbreaking plan? Official BBC spoilers confirm Denise Fox (Diane Parish) will make the decision to sell the salon after being blackmailed by Sam Mitchell (Kim Medcalf). As she breaks the news to Lola Pearce (Danielle Harold) and Jada Lennox (Kelsey Calladine-Smith), she explains she is selling it to Nathan, who has shown interest previously. The team is likely to be upset by the news, but Denise feels she has no choice. Kim Fox (Tameka Empson) is gutted to find out the reason for selling is that Phil Mitchell (Steve McFadden) gave Denise the money to keep Kim quiet about Vincent Hubbard's (Richard Blackwood) murder, which didn't happen in the end, leading Sam to make demands. A smug Sam gloats about the situation, but Linda later overhears Kim and Denise talking about needing an investor. READ MORE: Sally Dexter age: How old is Emmerdale's Faith Dingle star? In Ruby’s, she approaches the sisters and offers to invest in the salon. After the pair deliberate, Denise agrees and is shocked when Linda offers £50,000 by the end of the day. Jack Branning (Scott Maslen) questions Denise about Linda’s investment but after talking to her, both are assured she’s serious and Linda signs the contract, making her the official co-owner of the salon. Jack and Denise later tell a delighted Sam the news. Meanwhile, Frankie Lewis (Rose Ayling-Ellis) and Nancy go to visit the restaurant unit but they run into the owner, who reveals he was told the letting had fallen through.  As Linda celebrates her new investment with her family and Janine, Nancy receives a call, the estate agents never received the money. It doesn’t take Linda long to work out what happened and, furious, she confronts Janine, threatening to tell Nancy the truth. Desperate to fix things, Linda pleads with Denise for her money back, but she isn't likely to hand it over after things have been made official. Sharon overhears and forces Linda to admit what’s happened before encouraging her to tell Nancy the truth about everything. DON'T MISS... EastEnders theory: Zack Hudson arrested over Jada lies [THEORY]Nick Knowles walks off crying during 'phenomenal' DIY SOS project [VIDEO]Jay Blades issues warning over The Repair Shop's success [LATEST] Disgusted at Janine’s behaviour, a vengeful Sharon gets her own back. What could she do to secure a manipulative Janine's downfall? Knowing Sonia Fowler (Natalie Cassidy) only took Janine in under the promise she would stay out of trouble, Sharon might try to ensure Janine is kicked out, leaving her no choice but to leave. If Sharon tells Sonia what Janine has done, the latter will probably want the troublemaker to pack her bags. She isn't likely to kick out her young daughter Scarlett Butcher (Tabitha Byron), but Janine will probably take the schoolgirl with her. It's possible Janine will plead with Mick to allow her to stay, but once Sharon and Linda have informed the landlord of what she did to Nancy, he will probably end things with her. Sharon, having known Janine for so long and recently witnessing her meddling in her best friend's marriage, is likely to want to get rid of Janine for good. She will ensure the Square knows what Janine is capable of and she hasn't changed her old ways. This will drive Janine away from Walford because she will be left unable to find work and with no friends to put a roof over her head. When Janine wasn't sure if Mick would commit to her, she talked about making a new start in Australia with Scarlett. If residents in the Square turn against her, it will be a good option to run away. Could Janine and Scarlett leave Walford for good in a double exit? Janine has only been back on the Square for around a year, but has already made more enemies than she already had. EastEnders continues on Thursday at 7.30pm on BBC One.