Royal commentator Daniela Elser said the Royal Family faces a "pressing dilemma" due to dwindling numbers of royals carrying out duties amid its "ageing workforce". Looking ahead to Prince George's future role as King, Ms Elser said the "only possible candidates to step in and help him carry the burden" are his sister Princess Charlotte and brother Prince Louis meaning they could be "dragooned into working royal life whether they fancy the gig or not". Writing in the New Zealand Herald, Ms Elser said: "One thing that has never been speculated about or reported on in any of the approximately 8,774,573,498 stories about Megxit are any concerns they might have had leaving the Royal family short-staffed. "There is no way that I can see that, at this stage, Charlotte and Louis will have anywhere near the latitude and freedom to ever make a similar choice." The royal commentator questioned "what that must feel like for Kate as a mother". She added: "The pressure on them is going to be intense to help ensure the survival of the British monarchy, an institution which can be easily traced back to the ninth century. "Imagine having the weight of more than 1,200 hundred years of history constantly on your shoulders. "It must be painful for Kate to know that while other kids look at the future with goggle-eyed wonder, her children's paths look set in Portland stone." Ms Elser's comments come as royal watchers were given a glimpse into the monarchy's future earlier this week as Prince Charles stood in for the Queen at the State Opening of Parliament. The Prince of Wales read the Queen's Speech for the first time, opening Parliament with the Duke of Cambridge, who is second in line to the throne, in a historic delegation of the monarch's responsibilities. READ MORE: Kate and William break royal rule to make fan’s day Meanwhile, royal fans will be looking forward to seeing George, eight, Charlotte, seven, and Louis, four, at Platinum Jubilee celebrations next month. Events are taking place over a four-day weekend to mark the Queen's 70-year reign. The youngsters will step out with other members of the Royal Family on Buckingham Palace's balcony for Trooping the Colour. It is not known which other parts of the weekend George, who is third in line to the throne, Charlotte and Louis will make appearances at. DON'T MISSWilliam broke royal protocol in heartwarming moment with pensioner [PICTURE]Harry and Meghan 'need' to attend Jubilee as Sussex star power fades [VIDEO]Prince Harry 'missing' Cambridge children since moving to the US [INSIGHT] It comes as the Queen stepped out yesterday for the Royal Windsor Horse Show after missing the State Opening of Parliament. The 96-year-old beamed when her horse was named supreme champion at the equestrian event. Concern for the monarch's health has been heightened in recent months since she spent a night in hospital in October. She has been suffering from ongoing mobility issues.