Netflix’s new reality series has caused a storm with its latest season, as Chèrie Chan and Jessey Lee seemingly disappeared without a trace in episode three. The denim heiress has since taken to Instagram with some subtle digs at her former co-stars after confirming she had married her Bling Empire co-star Jessey Lee in a secret ceremony. Reality star Chèrie has shared a new update after quitting the Netflix series Bling Empire after two seasons. In her Instagram post celebrating her marriage to husband Jessey, she suggested her departure from the series was partially driven by her co-stars. “Married to the love of my life,” she captioned her recent update. “Don’t be friends with people who try to hurt your family, kids, and close friends.” READ MORE: Emmerdale’s Jeff Hordley criticises soap character Cain Dingle “I will protect you always. It’s ok to marry, fall in love, have kids, divorce, marry again, we should always celebrate love and be there for one another.” Although Chèrie didn’t name anyone in particular, it seems she has deliberately called out some of the Bling Empire cast’s behaviour from the first two seasons. She also added the hashtags: “#mommyfirst, #simplify, #pleaseread, #smh, #wife #mykidsactbetter, #linkinBIO.” At the start of season two, Jaime Xie's friend Leah stunned the group by claiming Jessey, who was dating Chèrie at the time, had a second family. They investigated further and discovered Jessey had an ex-wife who was living in Texas with two daughters. Surprise guest Paula Abdul interrupts when Jaime and Kane Lim try to drop the bombshell on Chèrie, with Anna Shay telling them to hold off the conversation until after her party. However, it’s speculated Chèrie caught wind of the gossip, and decided to pull out of the series to avoid being confronted further. Her latest post appears to suggest the Bling Empire star was unhappy with how her reality show friends conducted themselves when they dug up Jessey’s personal life. DON'T MISS:The Rookie season 4 finale dealt ratings blow after ‘Chenford’ tease [LATEST]Below Deck Down Under's Jamie addresses Magda dating rumours [COMMENT]Outlander’s Caitriona Balfe explains season 6 cliffhanger [INTERVIEW] Even so, some of the cast were disappointed to see Jessey and Chèrie leave, as they were eager to hear the full details. Christine Chiu told ET Online: “When they left the show, I was really disappointed because I really was wanting them to tell their story and to complete their story. “I mean, they signed up for this project and trust me, there were a lot of times and a lot of moments where I wish I could have just quit and walked away, but I had to pull up my big girl panties and continue with the commitment that I had made.” Christine admitted she understood the couple’s decision, though Jaime was equally surprised by the way Chèrie handled her departure. “I think Chèrie, to be honest, she was afraid of the truth and that is how I honestly feel about people choosing to just step away from things," she said. "I don't know Chèrie very well, to be honest, but her reaction was just a little bit strange to me. “I find that as a way of her trying to avoid the subject because she didn't want to confront it or face it.” Bling Empire has yet to be officially renewed for a third season, though it looks like it will have to go without two of its biggest stars if the Netflix hit continues. Bling Empire seasons 1 and 2 are available to stream on Netflix.