Although Camilla is fit and active, the Duchess has been open about her back pain and her dislike for some healthy foods. Unlike her husband, who goes dairy and meat-free twice a week, Camilla disapproves of veganism. But what is the diet she follows that keeps her feeling and looking younger than she is? Personal trainer, nutrition coach and founder of LDN Mums Fitness Sarah Campus previously spoke to Express.co.uk about Camilla's lifestyle choices. She said: "The Duchess of Cornwall leads a very healthy lifestyle with her husband Prince Charles. “Camilla particularly enjoys eating hearty meals using fresh produce, a lot actually which is produced on their estate. “At the age of 74 Camilla’s complexion is glowing and a lot of this is down to what she consumes being so organic, colourful and varied. READ MORE: Woman who was 'eating herself to death' shed 20st - here's how “In terms of their nutrition however Camilla is a huge fan of eggs, particularly scrambled which are from Prince Charles’s own chickens in Highgrove." Eggs are high in protein, which keeps slimmers feeling fuller for longer, and vitamin D, which aids bone health and the immune system. Sarah went on to describe Camilla's lunch, saying: "Camilla aims to include as many good fats as possible from sources such as avocados, fish and almonds, all of which again contribute to her glowing complexion." These ingredients form part of the Mediterranean diet, said to be "one of the healthiest diets on the planet", according to nutrition expert Dr Michael Mosley.  Sarah continued: “Camilla believes in a balanced diet without restrictions and doesn’t believe in any of the fad diets. “She feels that cutting out dairy, for example, is ridiculous as it's such an important source of calcium for joints and bones. “For dinner time Camilla particularly enjoys lamb and any leftovers she would use for a meal the following day, such as in a shepherd's pie. “She also likes chicken casseroles, steaks, baked salmon and roast chicken. Even though Prince Charles believes in veganism she believes that balance is very important. “In terms of snacking Camilla particularly likes raw peas straight from the pod, but also will happily accept something sweet.” Diet is just as important as exercise for general health and wellbeing, and the Duchess is no stranger to some movement. “Camilla particularly enjoys yoga and Pilates to keep her core strong and body supple and to help avoid back pain," Sarah said. “She incorporates deep breathing into her exercises to help her unwind and relax. Camilla is also a big fan of the outdoors, so thrives on walking with her dogs around her estate, and spending time in the hills. “The fresh air and outdoors particularly contribute to improved sleep quality, overall wellbeing and boosting the endorphins.” The personal trainer concluded that Camilla "is balanced with her eating without restrictions and eats organic quality foods". "She gets quality sleep and enjoys the outdoors." The Duchess may also "use a collagen supplement such as Correxiko - a premium marine-based collagen which is shown to be beneficial for healthy joints, skin and anti-ageing".