Putin made his latest appearance today as he held a televised meeting with his former KGB comrade Sergey Chemezov. The oligarch, a key ally of the Kremlin strongman, heads state-owned defence giant Rostec, which builds military hardware. As the two men chatted, Putin appeared bloated and confused, adding weight to the recent reports that the Russian leader is seriously ill. The attention on Putin’s shadowy inner circle has intensified since the despot ordered Russia’s invasion of Ukraine on February 24. The US and other nations have sanctioned many of the elite businessmen linked to him, as well as his two daughters Maria Vorontsova, 36, and Katerina Tikhonova, 35. The two women are the children of Putin and his ex-wife Lyudmila; however, the Russian leader is also reported to have a third daughter. Luiza Rozova, also known as Elizaveta Krivonogikh, 18, is the daughter of Svetlana Krivonogikh, who was romantically linked to Putin in the Nineties before he became President. His alleged love child was uncovered by Russian investigative media outlet Proekt in November 2020. JUST IN: Russia has ALREADY lost war in Ukraine as Putin's military 'decimated' – top official The publication’s article read: “Judging by the pictures procured by Proekt, she bears a phenomenal resemblance to the Russian president.” The outlet compared the similarity of Rozova and Putin’s faces with the help of Professor Hassan Ugail from the University of Bradford in the UK. After analysing seven images of Putin, the visual computing expert concluded that he and Rozova share a facial similarity of 70.44 percent. He said: “From this information, we can draw the conclusion that they may be related.” The teenager, who was born in 2003, was said to have deleted photos from her social media accounts that showed her face. Rozova’s mother Krivonogikh was a cleaner before she became one of Russia’s richest women. Proekt reported that she moved into “the most elite housing that a St. Petersburg resident could wish for”. The outlet claimed that her relationship with Putin probably ended “somewhere near the end of the last decade”. After the investigation was published, Interfax quoted Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov as telling reporters that he had no knowledge of Rozova’s mother. He said: “Yes, I’ve been asked about this last name, but I’ve never heard anything about it and I don’t know anything. DON'T MISS: Nikolai Patrushev: ‘Next Putin’ will ‘not exclude nuclear strike against aggressor’ [LATEST]Finland issues direct warning to Putin amid nuclear conflict threat: 'Don't be foolish' [INSIGHT]Incredible archive film shows reaction to first Russian McDonald's as company bows out [ANALYSIS] “This is the first time I’ve ever heard of such a woman, and I can’t tell you anything about it.” In February of last year, the journalist Andrey Zakharov, who broke the story about Rozova for Proekt, managed to get in touch with ger for a chat on Clubhouse, an invitation-only audio-chat social networking app. He asked her: “Have I caused you a bad trauma by my investigation?” She replied: “Oh no, not at all. My life was so stagnant, I am very grateful for the chance to be in the limelight, that people heard about my account.” Rozova, from St Petersburg, ran her own fashion line and studied at the city’s university before Russia invaded Ukraine. She had also carved out a role as an influencer on Instagram, becoming significantly more popular since the investigation linked her to Putin. However, the teenager closed her account on the social media platform in March after fellow users accused her of being complicit in the horrors being inflicted upon Ukraine.