Virgil van Dijk has a strong case to be considered as the single greatest central defender in the history of the game, according to former Liverpool striker Michael Owen. The Dutchman is widely thought to be one of the best centre-backs on the planet after establishing himself as a crucial member of Liverpool's squad in the years since making the switch to Anfield from Southampton back in 2018. Van Dijk missed the vast majority of last season with a knee ligament injury but has played a starring role over the course of the current campaign after steering clear of any further setbacks since making his return in July of last year. Owen waxed lyrical over Van Dijk before Liverpool's win over Villarreal in the Champions League on Tuesday by insisting that he is better than the likes of Paolo Maldini and Franco Baresi and should be remembered as such in the years to come."He probably scored a few more goals, not much, but we're talking about the greatest here," Owen told BT Sport when quizzed on what makes Van Dijk a better player than Rio Ferdinand and a number of other legendary central defenders."As I've said, Rio was the best centre-half I ever played with. But with Van Dijk, as a centre-forward I look at him and think: what do you do against him? He's bigger than everyone, he's faster than everyone, he's stronger than everyone. JUST IN: Chelsea 'in danger of Premier League expulsion' amid Abramovich drama "He's brilliant on the ball, he scores goals. I've never seen anything like it. The only thing that goes against Van Dijk at the moment, and I stress, at the moment, is his winners' medals."He's only won one Premier League and one Champions League. People like Rio and Maldini and Baresi and people like that who you might consider the greatest, they've all got numerous."So that's the only thing that goes against him. But as a one off, I look at him and think how can you get any better than that?" Meanwhile, it remains to be seen whether Van Dijk will be able to add to his growing list of achievements by winning another Champions League title after Liverpool booked their place in this season's final on Tuesday evening. He revealed after the final whistle against Villarreal that Jurgen Klopp's words of wisdom at the break inspired the Reds to a memorable victory after their lacklustre first-half performance under the lights at El Madrigal."[Klopp told us to] play football, play the Liverpool way how we’ve played all season," Van Dijk told BT Sport. "Get on the ball, have a lot of movements with the ball and in behind the last line."With the speed we have we need to mix that up as well, and we needed to show how much we wanted to go to the final. Second half we played so well." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here