RMT announced its 40,000 members, including those at Network Rail and 13 out of 15 train operators, voted "overwhelmingly" in favour of taking industrial action due to pay and working conditions. The move could see all trains be cancelled after 7pm as it has been reported networks might only be able to operate between certain times. Train operators which voted in favour of the measures were Chiltern Railways, Cross Country Trains, Greater Anglia, LNER, East Midlands Railway, c2c, Great Western Railway, Northern Trains, South Eastern Railway, South Western Railway, TransPennine Express, Avanti West Coast and West Midlands Trains. Two train operators voted against the proposed national strike. Members at Govia Thameslink (including Gatwick Express) voted against strikes but in favour of other forms of industrial action. However, workers at the Isle of Wight's Island Line (where the union has 30 members) rejected all forms of industrial action. It remains to be seen when union bosses will call the strike but it has been suggested they could start in just a fortnight's time. Up to 80 percent of routes would be scrapped and those which remain open could face reduced services. JUST IN: Energy owners ‘gobsmacked’ as Treasury sets sights on renewables windfall on excess profit RMT said it was the greatest endorsement for industrial action by railway workers since privatisation. The rail strike is also thought to be the biggest since Margaret Thatcher was in office. The national strike will also see train signallers take such action for the first time since 1998. RMT general secretary Mick Lynch said: "Today's overwhelming endorsement by railway workers is a vindication of the union's approach and sends a clear message that members want a decent pay rise, job security and no compulsory redundancies. "Our NEC will now meet to discuss a timetable for strike action from mid-June, but we sincerely hope ministers will encourage the employers to return to the negotiating table and hammer out a reasonable settlement with the RMT." Mr Lynch said earlier on Tuesday the disruption could continue into next year. READ MORE: ‘Now you know how we feel!' Pelosi blasted as Turkey takes UK's side over US 'ignorance' Speaking to TalkTV, Mr Lynch said: "If there's no settlement, then it will. All disputes have to end in a settlement and we are ready to negotiate that with those employers." He previously warned that a strike would "bring the country to a standstill". According to the Telegraph, 71 percent of those balloted took part in the vote, with 89 percent voting in favour of strike action and just 11 percent voting against. RMT is now demanding urgent talks with Network Rail and the 15 train operating companies. The news comes amid plans for Transport for London staff to take industrial action from June 3 to July 10, in a move which could affect travel over the Platinum Jubilee weekend. A Department for Transport spokesperson told the Telegraph: "Strikes should always be the last resort, not the first, so it is hugely disappointing and premature that the RMT is calling for industrial action before even entering discussions. DON'T MISS:Have Your Say: Do new photos mean Boris should go? [REACT]Boris Johnson to have showdown with Tory MPs. [REVEAL]Woke preach only grievance and resentment, says FRANK LUNTZ [INSIGHT] "Taxpayers across the country contributed £16billion to keep our railways running throughout the pandemic while ensuring not a single worker lost their job. "The railway is still on life support, with passenger numbers 25 percent down, and anything that drives away even more of them risks killing services and jobs. Train travel for millions more people is now a choice, not a necessity. Strikes stop our customers choosing rail, and they might never return. "We urge the RMT to reconsider and accept the invitation of industry talks, so we can find a solution that delivers for workers, passengers and taxpayers alike." Grant Shapps, the Transport Secretary, had urged the unions again on Tuesday to call off the planned strikes. The Welwyn Hatfield MP said: "I'm looking to get this resolved, I want the unions to do that as well, I urge them not to call strikes." "I think it would be completely counterproductive to a railway which frankly is on life support and that could give it a heart attack."