Rayner Farms Director Colin Rayner told GB News that while Germany has “cancelled their green farming policies” in the face of an international crisis, the UK Government has refrained from acting accordingly and exaggerated the cost of living crisis. Mr Rayner said British farmers “could meet the shortages lost by Ukraine” if a similar approach to the Germans was adopted.    He said: “I think [the Government] is out of tune with what’s going on in the world. We can produce a lot of the food that was being produced in Ukraine in the UK. “We have Government policies that are making us plant wildflower meadows. We’re ripping up wheat crops that could reduce the price of wheat. “In Germany, they have cancelled their green farming policies and put a million hectares back into production. “Why are we not doing this in the UK?”    “Also, we used to be self-sufficient in cooking oils but we had the chemicals we used to grow those crops banned by this Government because of poor science. “On our own farm, we used to grow 500 tonnes a year of cooking oil. We have produced nothing for the last three years. “Also, 50 percent of my production now goes to energy crops, where we sell food to make gas and electricity. “If the Government changed its policies, then British farmers could meet the shortages lost by Ukraine not being able to export.” READ MORE: Brits set to spend almost a quarter of income on food - expert [INSIGHT]  Chancellor of the Exchequer Rishi Sunak and his Treasury minister announced today that new measures to ease the cost of living crisis are being developed but they will not be introduced immediately. Chief secretary to the Treasury Simon Clarke said the Chancellor will bring forward a programme of measures at a time when they will "make the right difference in a targeted way". Mr Sunak said: "Of course, the Government appreciates that global forces are making life difficult for families at the moment and that is why we have brought forward, as we have heard, £22 billion of support this year to help those in work and the most vulnerable in our society, and we stand ready to do more as the situation evolves. "But that support is part of a broader plan that will grow our economy, encourage investment and create more skilled, more high-wage jobs. That is the priority of this Government." DON'T MISS: Macron sparks UK fury as EU policy forced British farmers [REVEAL]The Yorkshire Vet 'very concerned' farmers will 'lose business' [REPORT] 'A Brexit win': Remainer celebrates new UK agricultural policy  [REPORT]   The National Farmer’s Union (NFU) has urged the government to delay certain green farming measures in the face of an international crisis and other complications. They have requested a delay to the Environmental Land Management schemes (Elms) until 2025 and to keep the EU’s Basic Payment Scheme (BPS) in the interim period. The scheme pays farmers for the amount of land they own, regardless of its impact on the environment, and the NFU say it is necessary to provide stability during this difficult period. The price of fertiliser has skyrocketed due to the Ukraine war, while farmer’s have also suffered Covid-related staff shortages, the departure of EU seasonal workers, and other Brexit-related issues.   