The cost of living crisis has critically damaged our businesses, and they simply cannot survive without aid. The Chancellor must act now and launch a new interest-free loan scheme. The cost of living crisis is having a devastating impact on people all over Britain. However, another equally worrying crisis is lurking on the horizon, and our businesses will be the principal victims of this. The increase in energy costs and inflation - coupled with supply chain disruptions and the termination of fixed tariff contracts - is sending us sleepwalking into a cost of doing business crisis. Margins are being squeezed, and businesses are desperately struggling to stay afloat. If businesses are making lower profits, then more employees will be made redundant. This will have a hugely destabilising effect on the economy. The Government needs to intervene swiftly and decisively. Small and medium-sized businesses are the bedrock of the UK economy and account for 99.9 percent of our business population. Yet it is these so-called SMEs that will suffer the most. The best course of action for the Government is to offer a catalogue of interest-free support measures for businesses. These loans must be substantiated and verified, and they must be implemented as soon as possible. In a British Chambers of Commerce survey, only nine percent of businesses said that they were not facing pressure to raise prices. It is a vicious cycle: price rises will add to the cost of living crisis, which will in turn exacerbate the cost of doing business crisis even further. Some may argue that the solution is to provide businesses with more bailouts or ‘bounce-back’ loans. It is not: the way forward is not through freebies that can be easily abused. The Government needs to learn from the catastrophic bounce-back loan scheme. This was a reaction to the Covid economic crisis, and what we need instead is anticipation. The route out of this is to offer interest-free loans and subsidies. If we continue to dismiss the cost of doing business crisis as a secondary offshoot of the cost of living crisis, we face a triple-threat of consequences. Take the hypothetical case of Richard, who works for a local travel agency. Due to rising costs, Richard is made redundant - this is the first harmful effect, coming as a direct result of the cost of doing business crisis. As Richard is now unemployed, he does not pay income tax, nor does he make a national insurance contribution. This is the second stage of the triple-threat, which leads to a reduction in government income.  Thirdly and finally, Richard applies for unemployment benefits. As the Government’s income decreases, its outgoings increase, crippling the economy. The question could be asked as to why the onus should fall on the Government. Should it not be up to businesses to do the right thing and freeze their prices? Government intervention, if well-judged and well-timed, can have a uniquely transformational impact. We have not yet seen the full scale of the cost of doing business crisis. Therefore, because there is still time to prevent the most severe effects of this crisis, the Government must move now and get ahead of the problem. Otherwise, we risk leaving it in the hands of business-owners who have not been fully informed by the Government as to just how serious this crisis can become. A destructive cost of doing business crisis is inevitable unless the Chancellor makes this a priority. If the Government introduces interest-free subsidies effectively and efficiently, then we can diagnose this deep-rooted cancer early and cut it out at its source, as opposed to waiting for it to spread, and reactively treating the symptoms. 