New York’s new District Attorney Kimberly Crawford (played by Roslyn Ruff) has been butting heads with the Reagans ever since she was appointed over Frank’s (Tom Selleck) daughter Erin (Bridget Moynahan). Now their showdowns have become a popular talking point over the last season of Blue Bloods, the CBS drama’s showrunner has explained how recent debates around law enforcement in the US have shaped the series in recent years. Showrunner Kevin Wade has revealed how conversations about police violence in the US and worldwide have inspired Frank and Kimberly’s Blue Bloods feud. The popular cop drama wrapped up its 12th season by dramatically setting the stage for the next run with a bombshell from the new DA. As Erin launches her own campaign for the top spot, Kimberly’s commitment not to prosecute non-violent criminals could throw Frank’s role as police commissioner into disarray. With the series tackling more hot button police issues, Kevin has weighed in on how successful Blue Bloods’ latest season has been with its handling of real-world events. READ MORE: 'Disgusted' BBC Breakfast sparks uproar over Russian news coverage He recalled: “When we gathered to shape up stories and themes for season 12, we landed on a dynamic for all our characters that went, more or less: We’re cops, and an Assistant District Attorney.” While the series has been critical of police violence and corruption in the past, it has more or less maintained a pro-law enforcement stance for the decade-plus it has been on screens. This has made the drama increasingly more complicated as police officers in the US come under fire for various instances of racism and violence which, in the NYC of the show, Kimberly has been trying to crack down on. Kevin argued: “We are not spokespersons, or pundits, or politicians gauging which way the winds are blowing.” “We are law enforcement, and what we do has been under attack, sometimes justly, often unfairly, for the last while now. “So we can either quit and find another way to make a living, or we can stay and do what we do well. We choose to stay and fight.” Kimberly’s progressive policies could completely alter Frank and his family’s way of living and their approach to their jobs. However, if Kevin and ABC execs expect to keep Blue Bloods on screens for many more years to come, the Reagans will have to knuckle down and fight for what they believe in. DON'T MISS:Grace and Frankie crew details emotional final scenes [INSIGHT]NCIS LA season 13: Deeks and Kensi make life-changing choice [VIDEO]Discovery of Witches star details ‘unusual request’ to play Gerbert [INTERVIEW] Although Kevin isn’t oblivious to criticisms the series has received for being too pro-cop, he isn’t making plans for a Blue Bloods overhaul amid a wave of anti-police sentiment. When asked by Deadline if his approach this season had been successful, he replied: “Not every story in every episode hewed to that or tried to. “But the overriding dynamic we aimed for was telling stories about a family and extended family of law enforcement professionals choosing to get back to the basic reason they signed up in the first place. “To try and get some justice and mercy for people who deserve it and to arrest and prosecute the people who deserve that.” Kevin also outlined the two paths Erin could find herself going down depending on how her campaign for the DA position is handled in season 13. “Doing the job she has, and challenging herself and being challenged about her fitness for the job she wants,” he explained. “And what she’s willing, and not willing, to do in order to get it. So plenty of horse-trading, soul-searching, and disruption with the powers that be, her partner Anthony, and especially her family.” Erin still has a long road ahead of her and the Reagans can be sure Kimberly won’t be going down without a fight when Blue Bloods returns for what will undoubtedly be a turbulent season 13. Blue Bloods is available on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.