Despite the two young boys being royalty and both successors to the throne, the treat they had after school as a snack is surprisingly mundane, but with a bit of a twist. The two brothers both enjoyed the same classic British snack after their long days at school, according to royal chef Darren McGrady.  Mr McGrady was a chef for the royals for 11 years and has now revealed the favourite foods of the members of the family. William and Harry attended Ludgrove School in London for their primary school years followed by Eton college for secondary school which was not far from Windsor Castle. The former royal chef has disclosed that the two young royals devoured a sausage roll after school. The snack was not just an average sausage roll, McGrady used a secret recipe to create the treat that quickly became a firm favourite with the growing lads.   It’s not just the royals that have sausage rolls as their favourites, the bakery chain Greggs sells approximately 2.5 million sausage rolls per week in the UK. MyLondon reported that McGrady’s recipe differed from cheap sausage rolls which, according to the chef, “are almost vegetarian” as he used top-quality pork meat and a special mixture of seasoning. It was not simply good quality meat that made the sausage rolls fit for the Prince’s, McGrady used 100 percent ground pork mixed with smoked bacon. READ MORE: DEAL OF THE DAY: Amazon slashes 27 percent off Le Creuset  He added sauteed onions and olive oil before adding his “special Buckingham seasoning” which has garlic, smoked paprika and juniper. Despite all these top-quality ingredients the chef did cut corners with his recipe by using pre-made puff pastry. William and Harry tended to enjoy the sausage rolls “hot from the oven” and, even though the sausage rolls were fit for royalty, the two princes insisted on having ketchup on the side. DON'T MISS: Labour election polls: Starmer at risk as Labour split erupts - Tor... (POLL)World’s longest glass bottomed bridge opens - 150m above jungle (INSIGHT)London Crossrail opening date confirmed after delays (REVEAL)  Mr McGrady said his special pastries could be served with “mashed potatoes, baked beans and tomato sauce, just how Prince William and Harry would have them when they were home from school”. Prince William is not a stranger to sausage roll making after he baked them on a week of work experience at Chatsworth House, Derbyshire. Royal fans who saw the royal sausage rolls being made were in awe saying: “My mouth is watering watching this” and “those look amazing”. 