Symptoms of cancer are innumerable because more than 100 forms of the disease exist. Adding to the confusion is the fact that many of the warning signs are seemingly unrelated to the tumour’s point of origin. Sometimes, a malignancy can metastasise and travel to the part of the body where the nerves are centred, causing muscle twitches, spasms, or jerking. Muscle twitches are caused by involuntary contractions, usually triggered by too much caffeine, for diet or exercise. Several types of cancer, however, are also known to cause spasms. Monika Wassermann, MD at Oliolussio, explained: “While seizures mostly arise from epilepsy, a brain tumour can irritate the brain’s neurons and cause tingling, twitching, or muscle contractions. "If a tumour develops in the occipital lobe, temporal lobe, or brain stem, one may have double or blurred vision. Another indicator is eye-twitching." READ MORE: Mouth cancer symptoms: Are you experiencing ear pain? Check with your GP According to the expert, the two body parts prone to twitching from cancer are the eyes, legs. Where twitches occur, however, hinges on the location of the damaged nerves inside the body. One nerve-related cancer, known as meningioma, is exclusively centred around the nervous system. The malignancy is one of the most common types of primary brain tumours, but higher-grade meningioma remains extremely rare. Symptoms typically occur when the tumour starts pressing on the brain, stopping the normal functioning of part of the organ. Addressing symptoms as they appear is imperative, as tumours that spread to the temporal lobe, frontal lobe, and parietal lobe, can cause speech problems, relating to cognitive function. “The frontal lobe manages decision making, problem-solving, concentration, and thinking speed functions,” she added. Occasionally, however, a tumour can press on blood vessels or can come into contact with a bone and cause it to expand. If the spinal cord becomes affected, problems may arise in the muscles, such as tightening of the muscular tissues in the leg, ankle and foot. Some major cancers that are known to spread to the spinal cord include cancer of the prostate, lung, and breast cancer. Due to their high capability to metastasise, these cancers can easily spread to the tissue inside the spine. Two types of blood cancer, such as myeloma and leukaemia, have also been known to spread to the backbone. This usually happens when the malignancy originates in the white cells or plasma cells inside the bone marrow. The health platform cancer.Net explains manifestations could include "single or multiple muscle twitches, jerks, and/or spasms." When cancer spreads to the spine, patients can also experience a loss of consciousness or body tone. This could be followed by sporadic episodes of twitching or relaxing of the muscle or a total loss of control of body functions. Anyone affected by unusual bodily changes is advised to contact their GP for further examination.