Liverpool was preparing to face Chelsea at Wembley on Saturday afternoon when singer Raye took to the field to sing the national anthem in front of thousands of fans. However, as she belted out the lyrics, a number of football fans could be heard booing inside the stadium. The moment has certainly divided the population as to whether it’s ever okay to boo the national anthem and that was a question posed by Good Morning Britain’s Susanna Reid and Richard Madeley to guests Michael Cole and the Editor of Spiked, Tom Slater, on Monday. “Is it not (an act of free speech), Michael?” Susanna said as she opened the debate. “I thought it was appalling,” royal correspondent Michael replied. “My first thought was for that young woman singer, it was her big moment. “She was gonna sing that national anthem and unaccountably from Wembley Stadium, came this appalling noise,” Michael claimed. He continued: “And I thought to myself, ‘What’s this all about?’ It’s unconscionable that this should be happening.” READ MORE: Queen’s Platinum Jubilee viewers slam 'disrespectful' Tom Cruise chat Tom weighed in to defend the fans’ rights to boo the national anthem as part of their freedom of speech and democratic rights. “You’re never going to stop it,” Richard suggested regarding the booing from fans as he weighed into the debate. “I don’t think anybody wants sycophancy, I certainly don’t, and don’t expect it and nor does the Queen, but I think it’s respect," Michael replied. “As our head of state, we’re lucky enough to live in liberal, free, democratic, constitutional monarchy and there are tremendous benefits from that. “With regard to free speech, we’re exercising free speech this morning, I believe in free speech. “For 61 years I’ve been a journalist and freedom of expression is essential but freedom of speech has its limits, it’s not completely absolute. “After all, you can’t throw around racial epithets,” Michael added. Tom argued: “If you want perfect etiquette, a football match probably isn’t the place for you. DON'T MISS: Tipping Point's Ben Shephard blasts Boris in coin machine comparisonBritain's Got Talent fans distracted by Amanda Holden's habit Anne Hegerty’s Beat The Chasers replacement issues warning to ITV fans “We do live in a free and democratic society as you were saying but I think if that’s true then booing the national anthem (and) booing the monarchy should be (fine). “What are we going to do? Send them to the tower? This has been part of a general trend over the years, I think. “The behaviour of football fans (and) what they choose to boo, what they choose to chant, what they choose to sing, all coming under increasing scrutiny. “Calls for people to be banned, calls for people to be regulated, and well beyond the kind of extreme things that you’re talking about here, Michael.  “Just for being slightly beyond the bounds of what polite society considers to be.” However, later in the debate, Michael opined: “I just think it’s bad manners to boo a 96-year-old monarch who’s served this country well. What’s the purpose?!” The debate continued with those watching at home as @Bartons07 argued on Twitter: “The rich and the privileged in the UK need to understand that not everyone loves the Royal Family, and how they are waited on hand and foot, whilst normal people are struggling to make it through the month #GMB.” But Donna Berry raged: “@GMB is it ok to boo the national anthem? What kind of a question is that? No it is not ok to boo the national anthem, to boo 'God save the queen' means you are totally disrepecting the queen and the monarchy." (sic) Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.