High blood pressure, also known as hypertension, impacts an estimated 14.4 million adults in the UK. The condition does not always show symptoms, though, so it can be hard to tell you have it without regular blood pressure checks. The NHS states: "Around a third of adults in the UK have high blood pressure, although many will not realise it." However, in some cases, people may experience symptoms or side effects. According to the Texas Heart Institute, these can lead to sensations and pain in the head such as dizziness or a headache. The Institute explained: "Most people who have high blood pressure do not have symptoms. READ MORE: Oesophageal cancer: Early signs may be digestive "In some cases, people with high blood pressure may have a pounding feeling in their head or chest, a feeling of lightheadedness or dizziness, or other signs. "Without symptoms, people with high blood pressure may go years without knowing they have the condition." However, these symptoms don't always mean you have high blood pressure and can be caused by other things. Dizziness is very common and could be caused by a number of conditions, including dehydration or a problem with the ears. DON'T MISSStatins: Medications could work better with cholesterol drug [REPORT]Brits only feel good for an average of 47 percent of the time [INSIGHT]High cholesterol: Two visual clues on your face - 'it's a sign' [COMMENT] Headaches can occur due to dehydration, tiredness, hunger or even bad posture. Often, if they are not serious, headaches can usually be cured with painkillers or by drinking enough water. Regardless of your symptoms, if you are concerned you may have high blood pressure, it is vital you visit your GP. According to the NHS, although "it's not always clear what causes high blood pressure" there are certain lifestyle and hereditary factors which can "increase your risk". You might be more at risk if you: In some cases, making healthy lifestyle changes can reduce your risk of hypertension, or even lower your reading if it has already been deemed as high.