Manchester United are expected to send two representatives to Brazil in order to run the rule over Flamengo midfielder Joao Gomes in the coming weeks, according to reports. The Red Devils are widely expected to lead a large-scale summer recruitment drive under the watchful eye of new boss Erik ten Hag, who is said to be keen on adding reinforcements in a number of problem positions in advance of next season. Ten Hag is thought to be eager to land at least one new first-choice centre-back, while the addition of a new striker is also believed to be on the agenda at Old Trafford ahead of the upcoming summer transfer window. It seems as though United could also be poised to thrash out a new midfield signing in the form of Gomes, who is set to be watched closely by the club's scouts in the not-too-distant future, according to journalist Julio Miguel Neto.It is claimed that United are preparing to send two officials to Brazil in order to cast an eye over Gomes, who has turned plenty of heads with his impressive form for Flamengo over the course of this season. The 21-year-old operates primarily as a deep-lying midfielder but can also play in a box-to-box role and has registered 26 appearances for his current employers in all competitions since the turn of the year.Flamengo would reportedly be open to the idea of selling Gomes for the right price, although a specific fee has not been mentioned as of yet. It remains to be seen whether United would be able to tempt the Brazilian outfit into agreeing a swap deal for Andreas Pereira, who joined Flamengo on loan back in August and has been competing with Gomes for a place in their midfield over the last nine months. JUST IN: Newcastle 'ready to make £30m bid' after Aston Villa snatch Carlos Pereira is set to return to Old Trafford at the end of next month and has often been kept out of the Flamengo side by Gomes, who has managed to establish himself as a key man for the Rio de Janeiro club over the last few months. They had a deal to sign the United man on a permanent basis for around £8.5million but are now expected to back out due to the big investment in a player who has failed to prove his worth over the course of his loan spell.However, it seems as though United could opt to explore the possibility of using Pereira as a bargaining chip in a player-plus-cash deal to land Gomes in the near future. There is said to be the potential for the Red Devils to find an agreement that suits all parties with regards to a move for Gomes, who could end up costing them upwards of £30m in a straight cash purchase, according to Brazilian outlet Coluna do Fla.Gomes is not the only midfield option believed to be on United's radar, though, with the likes of Frenkie de Jong and Ruben Neves also understood to be of interest to Ten Hag ahead of next season. However, the Dutchman has already been warned by former United defender Paul Parker that it could be tricky to convince the planet's biggest stars to join the club this summer due to the immense pressure that comes with representing the Red Devils. "If you go out and buy one great player, he’s not going to come to Manchester United because he knows it’s going to be too much pressure put on him," Parker recently told The Sun."So United is about to try to get quality players to come to them, because they know if they go there expectations are going to be too much."As much as they want to play for Manchester United and put themselves in that position, there’s only so much you want to put on yourself, because you don’t really want the Harry Maguire treatment, do you?" Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.