Jesse Lingard was left 'dismayed' by Ralf Rangnick's decision to leave him on the bench during Manchester United's 3-0 win against Brentford on Monday. Lingard missed out on the chance of one final outing in red at Old Trafford on a night where others were able to bid their final farewell. The 29-year-old midfielder's contract expires this summer, and he's widely expected to depart on a free transfer. And according to the MEN, he is unhappy with Rangnick's decision to snub him as United cruised to victory against the Bees. Lingard is particularly frustrated with watching on from the bench while Edinson Cavani, out through injury for most of the season, was preferred for the German's third and final substitution. Cavani joined Phil Jones in likely saying goodbye to Old Trafford from the bench as Juan Mata and Nemanja Matic started. Despite snubbing a move last summer to fight for his place at United this season, Lingard has made just two Premier League starts all season. But his latest absence from the pitch would've stung the most, and his brother Louis blasted Rangnick in an Instagram rant on Monday night. JUST IN: Tottenham backed to WIN Premier League next season if Conte backed He wrote: "20 years of blood sweat and tears, 4 domestic trophies, 3 cup final goals. Not even a farewell. No wonder it's Conference League next year. Attacking players for celebrations when the club is being sold to the Super League. Ok. "Class of 92, Busby Babes - you're ran by people who don't even know the offside trap. Classless and the fans need to realise. Goodnight, gobless, ta'ra. Been there since 9 years of age and didn't even get a send off!!! Well done bro your family are proud." READ MORE: Jamie Carragher calls Man Utd 'small club' because of Ronaldo After rising through the ranks at United, Lingard has made 232 appearances for the club across eight seasons, registering 55 goals and 27 assists. His most notable contribution has been his 2016 FA Cup-winning strike against Crystal Palace, and he also found the net in the 2017 EFL Cup final win over Southampton. Lingard isn't short of suitors this summer, with AC Milan and Juventus credited with an interest as well as other Premier League clubs. He will likely opt for a destination that would boost his faint hopes of making Gareth Southgate's World Cup squad later this year. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.