Meghan Markle and Prince Harry, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, are due to attend the Platinum Jubilee celebrations next month, but their invitation has raised questions about whether the Duke and Duchess of Sussex could return as part-time royals. The couple stepped down from their positions as senior royals two years ago, and are set to take part in the Jubilee in an unofficial capacity only. Royal expert Tom Quinn told US Weekly last month while discussing his book Scandals of the Royal Palaces: An Intimate Memoir of Royals Behaving Badly: “We’ve already heard Charles say he wants to streamline the royal family, [to] modernise it. “I think Meghan and Harry are hoping…Charles will be open to [them being] part-time royals, which is what they wanted from the start.” Mr Quinn added: “Of course, the Queen – who grew up with this sense that you’re either in fully or out fully – she wouldn’t allow [it]...Charles may well allow this.” The couple relocated to the US in March 2020 where they now reside in Montecito, California and are raising their two children, Archie, three, and Lilibet, 11 months. Mr Quinn suggested: “They could do that for half the year and, you know, do their other stuff in America.” Other royal experts took a similar standpoint on Meghan and Harry’s potential return. Kinsey Schofield, founder of royals site ToDiForDaily.com, claimed to Express.co.uk that Harry and Meghan would be “eager” to return to the UK as part-time royals. She said: “I think they would be willing to come back and live there for six months. “We see that Prince Harry is not willing to give up Frogmore Cottage. His life is there, his friends are there and his blood is there. “I do think that Harry and Meghan would be eager to go back and to explore that option.” However, Ms Schofield admitted that the option to return may not be “immediately available” to them. She added: “It’s been hinted that perhaps this is something they plan to pursue after Prince Charles ascends to the throne and I think that that would be too soon, because there’s already a critical tone when it comes to King Charles and I don’t think that this would necessarily improve the criticism.”  When Meghan and Harry first announced their plans to step down from their position as senior royals it was framed as a reduction in their responsibilities, rather than leaving entirely. However, the Queen told the couple that “in stepping away from the work of The Royal Family it is not possible to continue with the responsibilities and duties that come with a life of public service.” Royally US hosts, Christina Garibaldi and Christine Ross discussed the couple’s unwillingness to undertake a non-senior role within the royal institution last month. Ms Ross said: “We've sort of been told that the Queen didn't want, you know, a half-in half-out situation, they were either in or out. “I think the problem they [Meghan and Harry] might find is that if they have a part-time role they would still have to stick to a lot of royal rules, which it seems they don't really like working within those parameters.” So what do YOU think? Should Meghan and Harry be allowed to become part-time royals? Vote in our poll and join the debate in the comment section below.