Former Arsenal goalkeeper David Seaman has agreed with Gary Neville in criticising Granit Xhaka for his interview after the Gunners lost 2-0 to Newcastle on Monday. Xhaka slammed his teammates after the defeat, which saw them hand over control of fourth place to north London rivals Tottenham. Xhaka said to Sky Sports: "If someone isn't ready for this game, stay at home. It doesn't matter your age. If you're nervous, stay on the bench or stay at home. You need people to have the balls to come here and play.” But Seaman, speaking on the Seaman Says podcast, said: “It was brutal. If I am honest I was a little bit uneasy because I feel like stuff like that should stay in the dressing room. He doesn’t need to come out like that and say it in public. “For me, it’s not a positive. It’s not going to help, it is just going to start people calling out other people now and it just doesn’t help I don’t think. It should have stayed in the dressing room. He is right, some of the points that he said about it is a big game, you have got to have balls to go and play in games like that, but it needs to stay in the dressing room. “I was watching it on TV and I was like ‘Woah’, he was part right and then when I heard Gary Neville he nearly went properly.” Neville, speaking on Monday Night Football, was not impressed with the Switzerland international’s comments, and said: “I tell you what he has been a disgrace at times over the past four or five years. He has left it up in the air there, it was nothing. I don’t know what to make of that interview.” Seaman, who made over 500 appearances in goal for Arsenal, insisted that however Xhaka felt, he should have kept it behind closed doors. The two-time Premier League winner added: “That is the sort of thing it can lead to. For me as much as it was a bad night for Arsenal, there is no doubt about it, you don’t need one of your ex-captains coming out on TV and saying stuff like that. Leave it in the dressing room. “It’s what I have been saying all season is the consistency, to be fair to Arteta that’s what he has been trying to get, some sort of level of consistency. That is what you get with a lot of young players, you get great performances and then you get indifferent ones, that is the balance that he has got to try and get.” Arsenal can still finish in fourth place this season, but need Spurs to lose away to Norwich and for Mikel Arteta’s side to defeat Everton at the Emirates Stadium on the final day of the season to finish above their fierce rivals.