Green is most definitely Kate Middleton and Princess Beatrice's colour. Both looked fabulous in a number from The Vampire's Wife. How did they accessorise? Kate Middleton donned an emerald green midi-dress at the Guinness Storehouse’s Gravity Bar in Dublin on March 3, 2020. Green is the de facto colour of Ireland, and has been spotted wearing this colour when visiting the country on St Patrick's Day. During her most recent visit, the Duchess wore a forest green dress coat by designer Laura Green, priced at £3,200. But on this occasion, Kate opted for a number from The Vampire's Wife, by Susie Cave. READ MORE: Queen Letizia 'better than Kate' in ivory dress for latest appearance The gorgoeus garment was called The Falconetti metallic silk-blend midi dress, available at Selfridges for £1595. The dress boasts half-sleeves, with frilled cuffs. It is also frilled at the hem. It cinched in at the waist to reveal the Duchess' slim figure. DON'T MISS She paired the dress with suede pointed-toe pumps, also in emerald. As for her hair, the Duchess went for loose curls. Her makeup was minimal, and the standout accessory was her gold earrings. These fabulous earrings matched her simple gold clutch. But while of course Kate is a fashion icon in her own right, she may have had some inspiration from another stylish royal. Princess Beatrice wore an almost identical dress the previous year. She too stunned in emerald at The Dior Sessions book launch afterparty on October 1, 2019 in London, and Ellie Goulding's wedding in August of the same year. Hers was very similar to The Falconetti metallic silk-blend midi dress - but not quite. The Veneration Leaf Print Silk Dress is identical in colour and length. However, the skirt of the dress has larger ruffles which begin higher up the garment. The waist is cinched with a belt fastened into a bow, and the sleeves boast more ostentatious frills. Princess Beatrice opted for a green clutch and black fascinator at Ellie Goulding's wedding, and black pumps and clutch at the book launch after party. Royal fans took to Twitter to discuss the royals' style similarity. @edifiedmom said: "Completely different body styles, and so flattering on both." @FrancineBlaise1 added: "Both of them look so beautiful!! She is obviously a really talented designer!"