As festivities for the Queen’s historic 70-year reign kick off across the country, one child has found a sweet way to help care home residents and staff celebrate. Three-year-old Isla Bates has embarked on a mini royal tour of North West Care Homes to get residents and staff alike into the celebratory spirit. The young girl has a keen interest in the Royal Family, particularly Queen Elizabeth II. Isla’s mum Alex Fairhurst, 31, believes her interest in the royals stems from stories she was told by her grandfather, who served in the Queen’s Lancashire Regiment. The youngster has also been fascinated by the Royal Family's engagements shown on TV. Isla became keen on marking the monarch’s 70-year reign after her school began discussions about the upcoming Jubilee celebrations. Knowing she loves to dress up, Alex suggested they make her a royal outfit all of her own. The mother and daughter duo teamed up to re-create one of the Queen’s outfits – in a stunning pale pink shade. Alex sourced pieces from Childensalon, Monsoon and River Island for Isla’s royal look. They also undertook a bit of DIY to complete the ensembles, which comes complete with a mini Corgi as the breed is the Queen’s favourite type of dog. During her time as monarch, Her Majesty has owned multiple corgis and now, she owns “dorgis”, a cross between a corgi and a Dachshund. The Queen currently has four dogs – two corgis, one dorgi and a new cocker spaniel. Wearing an outfit fit for a Queen, Isla was now ready to embark on a royal tour akin to those carried out by members of the Royal Family to mark the monarch’s Jubilee. READ MORE: Tom Cruise holds dazzling Kate's hand as William walks alongside Alex, who works as a recruitment lead at care home operator New Care Homes, suggested that Isla may like to visit some of the residents and bring them together to mark the celebratory occasion. She said: “Isla has come into work with me a few times as she’s grown up, and loves meeting the residents and everyone on the care team. “We thought a mini royal visit would be a great way to celebrate the Queen’s Jubilee. “I think the celebrations represent a great opportunity where people, both young and old, can come together and engage in some wonderful activities.” The visits with ‘Queen Isla’ have proved an absolute storm with both residents and care home staff alike according to Dawn Collett, Commissioning Director at New Care Homes. Ms Collett said Isla and her mum’s visit have played an “incredible role” in bringing the Platinum Jubilee celebrations to life for both residents and staff. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry set to 'do their own thing' at Jubilee [INSIGHT] Prince William handed 'huge honour' on special royal visit [REPORT] Lilibet and Archie will miss out on royal honour Prince Louis received [REPORT] She added: “Seeing the smiles on the faces of everyone is amazing - some really special moments to remember such an amazing event”. “Isla has thoroughly enjoyed her visits across New Care, and especially loved dressing up as The Queen!” When asked about what she loves most about being Queen for the day, Isla said: “I really like to wave like the Queen does. “She has a very special way of waving. It makes people laugh and smile when I do it, which is really nice.” The youngster is hoping to practice her royal waving technique, with potential plans to visit other New Care Homes in the North West, including Ashlands Manor in Sale, Bramhall Manor in Stockport and Grosvenor Manor in Chester and sites in Leeds and Formby. As part of their Jubilee celebrations, New Care Homes has planted a Mountain Ash tree at one of their facilities. The planting comes as part of the Queen’s Green Canopy initiative, a scheme set up to encourage people to “plant a tree for the jubilee”. It also intends to highlight the importance of environmental awareness and sustainability. The tree was officially unveiled by the visiting mini royal herself. Ms Collett added: “It is a real privilege for Isla to be involved in the Platinum Jubilee and, by planting the tree, she is playing her part in improving the environment and leaving a lasting legacy across New Care.” During the mini Queen’s visit, the red carpet is rolled out and the national anthem has been played. The visits have been described as a “wonderful intergenerational activity” which has shown “how valuable interaction between older and younger generations can be.”