Bedrooms should be the calmest and most relaxing room in the home, somewhere that can be used to enjoy peace and quiet. The home and lifestyle experts at www.pizunalinens.com understand the importance of this and have shared what you should and shouldn’t keep in the bedroom. One thing they recommended was considering removing the televisions. The experts explained: “Many people don’t realise how much of a distraction the TV can be in the bedroom. Watching television in bed can cause you to stay up much later, which in turn can disrupt your sleep cycle. “The bright light of the television can also make it harder to get deep sleep and therefore have a major negative impact on your quality of sleep. “Removing the TV from the bedroom opens up the chance for reflection on your own at night time or more discussions with your partner, without the added distraction. “You could try replacing watching the television with reading a book, as this has benefits such as reducing stress, improving sleep quality, and decreasing the time you are staring at the screen.” READ MORE: Wallis Simpson's interiors in old home in Windsor are 'a nightmare' Due to the pandemic, many more people are also working from home, including from their bedrooms. While this is unavoidable for many, the home experts suggested trying to avoid working in the bedroom. They said: “If you have no choice but to work from your room, try to keep the space tidy and put paperwork away when you’re finished with it in order to keep some sense of peacefulness when you go to bed. “Also leave the food downstairs. Not only does eating in the bedroom become a bad habit for your health, it can also make the bed a breeding ground for bacteria and germs. DON'T MISS:Plastic lawns not ‘low maintenance’ - ‘needs be vacuumed’ [COMMENT]Homes Under the Hammer buyers add £43,000 to property value [VIDEO]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘quick’ cleaning tip to get ‘streak-free’ windows [EXPLAINER] “It’s not always the easiest thing to keep your bed sheets and mattress clean everyday but if you are choosing to eat in your bedroom, then changing the sheets frequently should be just as much of a habit. “As well as this, it’s known that eating in bed makes you prone to distractions and when people are distracted, they are more likely to overheat.” Pizza studies show that essential oils such as lavender help aid sleep by assisting the production of melatonin. Increasing the use of essential oils can help many relax. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The experts added: “For those who don’t like lavender, you can also use frankincense, cedar wood and chamomile which are all known to help with improving your quality of sleep. “You should also place these essential oils in areas such as your temples, chest, wrists, stomach and feet. “Spend some time working out which one place works best for you and make it part of your bedtime self-care routine.” Controlling the amount of light which enters the room is also extremely important. Blackout curtains are a favourite for many and are perfect for those who like to fall asleep in complete darkness. The home experts explained: “They block light from coming into the room from sources such as streetlights and car headlights, allowing for a rested and peaceful night’s sleep. “Blackout curtains can also reduce the levels of outside noise so you aren’t disturbed. Heavy curtains could also stop the cold from entering the room. “Having a sleep diary is a great idea for people who struggle with broken sleep or to get to sleep in the first place. “Writing down notes about your sleep can identify certain patterns of disruption and other factors that can influence your quality of sleep. “This allows you to get to the bottom of the issue and talk with family or health specialists about how to move forward and find a solution to the problem.”