Former Tottenham manager Harry Redknapp warned TalkTV viewers it would be a "disaster" if the well-loved song was scrapped at the Qatar World Cup this winter. It comes after Football Association bosses deemed the number one anthem "arrogant". A furious Harry argued the tune was "fantastic" when addressing the matter with news presenter Kevin O'Sullivan on his Friday afternoon show.  Harry, who has also managed West Ham Football Club among others, began: "I think it fantastic to hear that song, it just brings everyone a bit of happiness after the pandemic and everything." The football fan fumed: "I mean why, why would you want to scrap the song? "I mean where are we going, what is going on? "I just don't understand it, it's just one thing after the other." READ MORE: The Handmaid’s Tale season 5 theory: Serena Joy avenges Fred’s death The 75-year-old continued: "The people who love football and love their country doing well get right behind that song." "It would be a disaster if we give in," Harry added while putting across his points. Kevin agreed with Harry and told him loving his own country was not an arrogant thing to do. Harry interjected: "We are English we are proud of it and we want to be proud of our country and it is a great feeling when we are doing okay.   "We should rejoice and enjoy that and not be afraid to show it." Kevin turned the topic towards St George's Day, which is held on April 23, telling Harry that English people "seem to be ashamed of" the national day. "I wonder if thinking about the Three Lions is the same as that kind of a strange shame we seem to have about St George's Cross," the TalkTV host added. However, Harry firmly stated: "It's a great country and it's a country which I am proud to be in." DON'T MISS...Lampard has family member to blame for Alli deal as Everton ponder axe [LATEST]Jamie Redknapp makes Man City transfer claim over Harry Kane's form [UPDATE]Meghan wanted to 'play different kind of princess' - claims author [MUST SEE]  He wondered where the nation would "finish up" if we gave in to scrapping Three Lions altogether. The father-of-two added: "[People say] 'You're not allowed to say this, you're not allowed to do that,' it's just become absolutely crazy. "If they stop us from singing Three Lions, where do we go from there?" Harry stressed how there was "no way" anyone would stop the England football fans from singing the anthem in the future.  Three Lions, by David Baddiel and Frank Skinner, was released in 1996 and has been played time and time again at England football matches. However, according to The Sun, the Football Association could decide to play an American alternative at future matches - possibly Neil Diamond's hit, Sweet Caroline. It is understood the association will look to replace Three Lions because it "risks offending other nations". Kevin O'Sullivan's show continues on Sunday at 4pm on TalkTV. 