Snooker legend Stephen Hendry admitted earlier this week that he does not want Ronnie O'Sullivan to match his record haul of seven World Championships - but is now facing the very real possibility of the Essex potter doing so. The world No 1 has been in imperious form at the Crucible but has acknowledged that he must be at his best to topple Judd Trump and take home the £500,000 prize. O'Sullivan battled past John Higgins 17-11 on Saturday to reach his eighth career World Championship final. He faces a tough opponent in Trump, but having won six of his previous seven finals it would take a brave punter to bet against him. Hendry has been forced to watch on while O'Sullivan produces some of his best snooker of the season, and the seven-time champion admitted back on Monday that he wants to remain alone at the top of the charts. "I think Ronnie is the man to beat, there is no doubt about it," Hendry told BBC Radio Four earlier this week. "He is playing superbly well and looks so focused, relaxed and composed. As for him equalling my record, I have kind of resigned myself these last two years that it is a matter of time. DON'T MISS: World Snooker Championship final LIVE: Ronnie O'Sullivan vs Judd Trump score updates "I have to be honest and say that I don’t want him to. But it is going to happen when it is going to happen. It is great to have targets as a player. Steve Davis was always the benchmark when I was a player, with his six world titles. "And so when I got to four or five I started to think ‘well, that’s my goal’. The thing for me was when I got to seven, ‘well, what’s my goal now?’. Ronnie has obviously got that goal to equal seven – and then can he do eight? So it is good to have targets, it focuses the mind and puts pressure on." O'Sullivan has already clinched a host of world records that were once held by Hendry. Among them are most ranking titles with 38, most majors with 20, most century breaks with 1,159 and a dizzying total of 15 147s. Victory over Trump would deny Hendry the crown jewel in his collection of records, as O'Sullivan bids to break clear of Ray Reardon and Steve Davis who each sit on six titles. The Rocket has discussed a change in his game over the years, however, which suggests that he will have to find an extra gear to go all the way at the Crucible. "I can’t pot as well as Neil Robertson, Judd," he told Eurosport. "I have to play tight cue-ball control, good safety and manage my emotions. Before I used to have it pretty much in my own hands. The last two or three years it has not been the case, and I have played alright. "I used to play alright and win tournaments, now alright is not enough. I have to play well, so there's a lot less margin for error in my game."