Owain Wyn Evans is best known for his appearances on BBC Breakfast as a journalist and weather presenter. His latest venture has been testing his resilience in freezing conditions as part of the BBC's Freeze the Fear experiment. The TV star has opened up about his childhood during the series and Express.co.uk has all you need to know about where he was born. Owain Wyn Evans, 38, is a journalist and presenter best known for his appearances on North West Tonight and various BBC news and current affairs programmes. For those who have been watching Freeze the Fear, they have discovered a lot about the TV star and his personal life. Owain, who married his partner Arran Rees in 2017, has shared his passion for drumming and LGBTQIA activism. He has also discussed parts of his childhood that have led to anxiety, including the fact he came from such a small Welsh town. READ MORE: Owain Wyn Evans husband: Who is the BBC Breakfast star married to? Owain was born in Ammanford, Carmarthenshire, which is a former coal mining town. The 2011 census revealed there was a population of 5,411, but it is likely to have grown since then. Owain has previously talked about growing up as a young gay man in Ammanford and how drumming saved him. In a BBC special, he returned home to Ammanford to visit his parents. He said: "I knew I was gay from a young age but here in Ammanford, there was just no reference point as far as that went." The star played a video of himself playing the drums as part of a school band when he was about 18. He said: "I hadn't come out because at this stage, Section 28 was still a thing. "Someone like me wouldn't be able to be taught anything about someone like me." He took part in a 24-hour ‘drumathon’ challenge for Children in Need, raising millions of pounds. The musician said it was an opportunity to be himself on screen, something he was unable to do back home as a child. DON'T MISS... BBC's Owain Wyn Evans in tears as he takes on ice plunge 'Scared' [VIDEO] BBC Breakfast's Owain Wyn Evans slams viewer's 'camp drummer' jibe [DISCUSSION] Owain Wyn Hughes fights back tears praising Children in Need heroes [INSIGHT] In an interview with Wales Online, he said: "Being from a former industrial area, it kind of imprints on you. "When you go somewhere quite similar there’s a magnetic pull when you’re from the Welsh valleys. "I’ve filmed a lot in Lancashire and Greater Manchester, and Cumbria recently, and it was amazing to speak to people about their experiences coming out. "Some of the time, growing up in these ex-industrial areas, it wasn’t a great place to be as a gay person. Especially through the late 80s and early 90s. "But equally you have that very homely feel and I think that whenever I am driving around and you see industrial buildings, it reminds me of the places I grew up around. Maybe that suppresses the feeling of hiraeth." However, he did recall some of his happier moments as a child and took to Twitter to share a throwback photo of himself playing the drums. He said: "Omg this pic. If you were to time travel back to the 1990s, what would be the first thing you do and why? "This photo sums up a happy place for me as a child! Me in my bedroom in Ammanford with my red Pearl Export drum kit." [Sic] He has gained a huge following after his inspirational appearance on Freeze the Fear. The star said the challenging experience "changed [his] life".   Freeze the Fear with Wim Hof airs on BBC One at 9pm.