Bruno Fernandes has hinted that he will need to reassess his own future at Manchester United in the summer following their dismal 4-0 defeat to Brighton on Saturday. But thousands of United fans still headed down south hoping to see their team put on a performance to try and finish the season on a high. What they saw though was a United performance lacking any threat or shape as Brighton dominated from the off. Former United target Moises Caicedo opened the scoring for the hosts in the first half with Ralf Rangnick's side unable to get any momentum going. Things failed to improve for the visitors after the break with Marc Cucurella doubling Brighton's lead. Graham Potter's side then scored twice in quick succession before the hour mark with United players dropping their heads as the away fans began making their feelings heard. Boos rang down at full time from the travelling supporters with Rangnick coming out after the game to apologise to the club's fans. JUST IN: Five things we learned as Man Utd battered by Brighton  Fernandes is hoping for things "to be fixed" in the summer after committing his long-term future to United just last month. But the midfielder has also suggested that he will need to re-evaluate his own future when the season comes to an end. "The result is what it is. It is not good enough," Fernandes said. "They outplayed us. They always had a solution. Pressed us better and they deserved the result.  "A little bit of everything [went wrong]. Quality. Mentality. They deserved to win and we deserve to be in the position we are in now. It's something that we have to look and be embarrassed because that was not good enough from us and we have to do much better. "I don't want to talk about the future, we have still one game this season and we have to win. I talked with the club about the future many times before I signed my contract because I think the future can be good, but obviously many things need to be fixed, as we have seen this season." Fernandes was also asked about the "you're not fit to wear the shirt" chants from United fans during the match. And the Portugal international said: "I include myself in that. What we did today, what I did today, was not enough to be in a Man Utd shirt and I accept it."