The analysis comes days after 19 children were left dead in a mass shooting at a Texas school. According to the analysis, on Tuesday three students were shot and wounded outside an elementary school in Washington DC.  A day earlier, three teenagers were shot as they left their high school in Philadelphia. Last week, there were three shootings at high school graduations in Michigan, Louisiana and Tennessee. There have been 137 shooting incidents at schools so far this year - almost one a day - and 249 last year, according to David Riedman, lead researcher at the K-12 School Shooting Database at the Naval Postgraduate School's Center for Homeland Defense and Security. It tracks every incident in which a gun is brandished or fired or a bullet hits school property. David Riedman, a researcher who tracks such incidents told Reuters: “What is becoming more prevalent is systematic gun violence at schools that is dramatically increasing, especially at high schools.  “This is due to students carrying weapons and conflicts escalating to the point of gun violence.” Experts warned that a daily epidemic of smaller incidents goes largely unnoticed. Before Tuesday's mass shooting at Robb Elementary School in Uvalde, Texas, other shooting incidents on school grounds around the country had killed 27 people, including seven students, with 77 wounded, Mr Riedman said. Mass shooting attacks on schools are also getting deadlier.  READ MORE: 'On brink of economic crisis' Viktor Orban declares state of emergency According to the reports, the gunman who killed 19 children and two teachers in a rural Texas elementary school on Tuesday entered the building despite being confronted by an armed school security officer, then wounded two responding police officers and engaged in a standoff inside the school for over an hour. President Biden said he would travel to Uvalde in the coming days to try to comfort the residents. He did not call on Congress to take up gun safety legislation but in remarks on Wednesday said that the “Second Amendment is not absolute” and that previous gun safety laws did not violate its constitutional protections. The POTUS said: “These actions we’ve taken before, they save lives. They can do it again.”  DON'T MISS:Monkeypox patients must ‘limit contact’ with petsUnsettled conditions for Brits as sunny spells threatened by windQueen’s new statue of her riding favourite horse to be unveiled A vigil took place in the Uvalde County Fairplex for the victims of the school shooting at Robb Elementary.