Laila Rouass joined Loose Women on Friday to discuss her reconciliation with long-term fiancée Ronnie O’Sullivan. The actress opened up on their split and the world champion’s struggles following his recent title win to host Kaye Adams and panellists Katie Piper, Nadia Sawalha and Linda Robson. The actress detailed the importance of manifestation and explained its purpose. She said: “Ronnie, he’s just won the seventh world title and he’s flat.” Interrupting, Kaye questioned: “Flat? Why?” Linda suggested: “Comedown afterwards, I suppose.” Read more: Mike Tindall encourages Mia to do 'competitive sports' - a 'success' “It’s called arrival fallacy and it was coined by Dr Shahar from Harvard University,” Laila continued. “Often when good things are happening in your life you feel quite sad and we can learn to be sad better.” “Is it a bit of imposter syndrome?” Katie added. “Yes there’s imposter syndrome but talking about these things, being more compassionate, changing our inner dialogue…” Nadia interjected: “And not just saying I should be grateful. “My dad always says, ‘Success is a spike only if you should sit on,’ and though we laugh about it there’s a lot in that because you can be chasing something, get it,” Laila continued. “Ronnie O’Sullivan is being talked about being the greatest ever snooker player why would he feel flat?” Kaye asked. “It’s normal, women when you have a baby sometimes you feel that guilt. DON'T MISS'Terrified me' Kaye Adams brands Ivana Trump 'so rude' on Loose Women [INSIGHT] Ruth Langsford issues warning to Eamonn Holmes 'Have a bone to pick'  [VIDEO]Loose Women's Denise Welch says 'stop talking' about Harry and Meghan [INTERVIEW] “Dopamine is in the chase once you’re there it drops it’s absolutely normal, [you need to] learn how to talk to yourself, you’re doing the best you can.” Kaye remarked: “How do you talk to him when he comes back and he says, ‘I’ve just won the seventh world championship.’” “He uses self-compassion and that’s where we meet,” Laila revealed. “‘I did my best this is perfectly normal to feel this way’ You’re not always going to be excited, change that eternal dialogue.” Opening up on her recent reconciliation with Ronnie, Laila explained the couple had been separated for eight months when he made the announcement. “We’d been together for so long nearly 10 years and we tried to work it out,” she said. “Did you manifest it?” Nadia quipped and Laila replied: “He text me saying, ‘Tell them you manifested me back into your life.’” Loose Women airs on ITV on weekdays at 12.30pm.