Jane Fonda, 84, admitted she “never thought I would live this long” when she was younger. In her twenties, Jane wouldn’t have “believed” how successful she is now, the veteran actress said in a recent interview. Describing herself as “thriving”, Jane explained why she had felt this way. In April, the American actress and political activist spoke about her career timeline and how she became an actress because she “needed to move out of my father’s house”. The Hollywood icon also said she felt lost and “didn’t know what to do” at the time before her friend Susan Strasburg gave her the option to work with her father. Jane said: “I never thought I would live this long. READ MORE: Amber Heard could face perjury probe over charitable donation claims “In a year, I'm making three movies. “If you had told me that at 85 I'd be three movies... “I would not have believed that. “I didn't think I would live past 30. “So just the fact that I'm alive and thriving is a big surprise. She added: “I can't say that I wanted to be an actor. “I needed to move out of my father's house and live on my own that was made very clear to me, and I didn't know what to do." She told Vanity Fair: “And I became friends with Susan Strasburg, and she told me I should study with her father. And so I did." DON'T MISS:Amber Heard 'slips up' in deposition, Johnny Depp's lawyer claims [INSIGHT]Dick Van Dyke, 96, steps out in rare appearance with young wife, 50 [PICS]Tom Hanks fans cause stir as they spot 'Forrest Gump' watching Queen [COMMENT] Susan’s father, Lee Strasburg was a Polish-born American actor, theatre and film director, acting coach and drama teacher. Lee saw “talent” in Jane, which encouraged her to pursue a career as a Hollywood star. Jane also recently revealed who her “favourite” out of her three ex-husbands. The Grace and Frankie star said her favourite ex-husband was CNN founder Ted Turner during an April interview with her co-star, and friend of 50 years, Lily Tomlin. However, in another interview, she also described him as becoming a “handful”. The couple were married for a decade and the marriage ended in 2001. Jane told Glamour magazine that she decided to return to acting after the split, after spending time writing her memoirs. Starring opposite Jennifer Lopez, otherwise known as JLo, in 2005’s Monster-in-Law, Jane confessed it was her only “strategic” role in her career. Saying the script was not “very good”, she decided she liked the “spicy” character. Subsequently, the script was “improved” and the movie was a “hit”.