Cleaning star Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, became popular after sharing her cleaning tips and recommendations on social media and TV. The cleaning enthusiast has managed to gain over 4.3 million followers on Instagram. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to sharing cleaning and tidying tips. On one such group, Facebook user Fiona Hough asked Mrs Hinch fans: “Any ideas how to remove yellow stains from a plastic toilet seat? “Think the bleach has discoloured them.” Fiona’s post was inundated with responses from Mrs Hinch fans. The most popular response was to use a magic eraser sponge. READ MORE: Where to buy in and around…Brighton Rose Parkin said: “Magic sponge… mine’s the same but mainly from the boys missing the hole and peeing on the seat then it dripping through. “I use a magic sponge. “Although I cut it down into small pieces and do all the toilet seats and then throw the small piece away. “If I have a disheveled one I have used I put to one side for the toilet seats.” Teresa Webb commented: “Definitely magic erasers, worked on my white toilet seat brilliantly.” Diane Jefferies replied: “Magic eraser! “Just wet it, rub the stain and it comes off.”  DON'T MISSSienna is christened in Chapel Royal at St James's Palace - see inside [INSIGHT]Inside Wallis Simpson's former home where Kate and William might live [UPDATE]'Biggest kept secrets of gardeners' to grow perfect tomatoes [ANALYSIS] Nikki Neill-Gordon said: “I get this a lot. “My girls put the seat/lid down after I’ve bleached. “I try to leave the seat etc up until I flush the bleach away. “I find a magic eraser dipped in a bit of warm water to make it damp does the trick.” Trish Townsend commented: “Magic sponge works a treat.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Louise Allen wrote: “Damp magic eraser.” Flash Magic Eraser Extra Power Cleaner costs £2 for a pack of two from Sainsbury’s. This works out at £1 per sponge. Magic Eraser Sponge is £1.29 from The Range. Doktor Power Magic Eraser is £5 from Wilko. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using bleach, Cif cream cleaner and Pink Stuff. Beth Watson said: “Pink Stuff paste! “I had staining on mine from bleach and it rubbed it off instantly.”  Tara Scamell replied: “Cif cream leave on for an hour then it comes straight off.” Emma Meredith wrote: “Take it off and soak it in the bath with bleach.” Lisa Harris commented: “Soak cotton pads with bleach and lay them over the yellow area for one hour and then clean off - works great.” Marie Blundell said: “I wiped a good amount off. “Cif along stain, leave for a few minutes and then clean off.”