In recent days, it’s been reported that Neymar has been offered to Barcelona - as well as other big clubs around the world. PSG apparently are open to cutting the Brazil international loose as they look to balance the books in the wake of Kylian Mbappe’s new contract. However, the Samba star has now made his stance abundantly clear by insisting he'll be staying put. PSG have managed to tie Mbappe down to a new deal, with the 2018 World Cup winner previously looking likely to join Real Madrid. And, in the short time since, it’s been claimed the French giants are looking to offload Neymar in order to balance their finances. Though the 30-year-old remains one of the best players in world football, injuries have hampered him at the Parc des Princes in recent years. Barcelona have supposedly been offered the chance to re-sign Neymar, five years on from his controversial move away from the Nou Camp. Yet Neymar has now made it clear he doesn’t want to leave PSG. Sport quote the Samba star as saying: "I want to stay at PSG.” THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Neymar has, per the publication, briefed that nobody from the club has said anything about a summer departure. And it appears as though he and Lionel Messi will continue to partner Mbappe in attack going forward. Barcelona chief Joan Laporta recently flirted with the idea of re-signing Neymar, but did hit out at the PSG star for leaving in the first place. "Who doesn't love Neymar? He's exceptional player,” he said. “But all these players to return to Barca one day should come for free. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "Players who have signed for clubs like PSG, have almost signed their slavery. For money.” Yet Barcelona are prioritising a deal for Robert Lewandowski instead, with the Bayern Munich star eager to leave the Allianz Arena behind this summer. Real Madrid have also been mooted as potential suitors. Having missed out on Mbappe, Los Blancos want to make a statement signing to compensate for the absence of the 23-year-old. And Neymar would certainly fit the bill, even though his Barcelona past would make a deal complicated. Meanwhile, in February this year, Neymar admitted he’d hoped to return to Barcelona back in the summer transfer window of 2019. “I tried to return to Barca,” he told Brazil icon Ronaldo on the Fenomenos podcast. “We tried everything, but it wasn't possible.” And, in January,Neymar also insisted he was happy the move didn’t materialise due to the fact he’s happy with life in France. “When I made the decision to leave PSG, it wasn't because of a fan or a club,” he said. “It's because I saw that I felt better elsewhere. “I never did anything against the PSG fans, nor against the club itself. It was never that. “It's the opposite. I am very grateful, we are on the same side, we defend the same shirt. I am here to help.” Neymar, if he stays at PSG, is expected to be involved in the Trophee des Champions on July 31. The Ligue 1 winners are due to face Nantes that day as they look to add another trophy to their growing collection.