Arsenal legend David Seaman is confident his former side will beat Tottenham on Thursday and can see them finishing above Chelsea in the Premier League table. Arsenal make the short trip to face north London rivals Spurs on Thursday. If Mikel Arteta's side are victorious, they will confirm Champions League qualification for next season. However, anything less than three points would open the gap for Spurs with two matches of the campaign remaining. Arsenal are just one point behind third-placed Chelsea and Thomas Tuchel's side face a tricky test away at relegation-threatened Leeds on Wednesday. The Gunners have come a long way from losing their first three matches of the season. Seaman says whatever happens between now and the end of the campaign, it has been much improved. But he has warned Chelsea that they could be overtaken if they slip up in their last few fixtures. READ MORE: Man Utd star Cristiano Ronaldo has already fired a warning to Erling Haaland  Seaman told Sky Sports News: "It's been a great season. Especially when you look at the start of it. "We were bottom, Spurs were top for the first few weeks and that was really hard to take. But now when you look at it, we not only could be top four, we could actually catch Chelsea up depending on how results go. "In the last two seasons we've finished eighth. So this season has been a massive improvement. "When you look at it, we could finish top of the rest. We've got City and Liverpool at the top by a long way but we could finish third. It could turn out to be a fantastic season." DON'T MISSErik ten Hag’s five-man Man Utd strikeforce with two signings and Cristiano Ronaldo [COMMENT]Man Utd to save £50m when six stars leave and plan to repeat Jadon Sancho transfer tactic [TRANSFERS]Chelsea's stunning starting XI if Thomas Tuchel signs Richard Keys' three suggestions [OPINION]  After Thursday's match, Arsenal visit Newcastle on Monday before Everton travel to the Emirates on the final day of the season. But Seaman is confident Arteta's side will pick up the three points they need and win at Spurs in the league for the first time since 2014. He added: "I'm pretty confident if I'm honest. I watched the game against Leeds, I was at that game. "I am confident because Arsenal have this knack of not playing well but still getting results. But when they do play well they can almost guarantee a win. "But it's going to be tough, there's no doubt about it. Tottenham have got some great players but Arsenal are having a great run. So I'm really looking forward to the game."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here