Simon Rimmer was left in stitches when his Sunday Brunch co-star appeared on the latest instalment of the cooking show wearing a Liverpool FC kit with the word "loser" printed on the shirt. Tim, a Chelsea FC supporter, had lost a forfeit and was forced to wear the kit following the Red's FA cup victory on Saturday. An unimpressed Tim opened the show saying: "Good morning and welcome to Sunday Brunch - it's going to be a long show." As he introduced himself, Simon interjected: "I am FA Cup-winning Simon Rimmer." While Tim was trying to introduce the celebrity guests on the show, Simon quipped: "Doesn't Tim look lovely? "Isn't this the finest you have ever seen Tim Lovejoy look?" READ MORE: 'Nul points!' Fans furious as Mika mimes on Eurovision Tim begrudgingly told Channel 4 viewers: “I don’t like it, I don’t like any of this, the collar, everything. "No I don't like it, I don't like anything about this." Simon explained Tim was donning the kit because Liverpool FC beat Chelsea FC in the FA Cup on Saturday afternoon. The presenters, who support opposing teams, agreed to present this week's show in their rival's kit if their team lost.  "Tim, who is a Chelsea fan, is now looking splendid in red," Simon smugly said. As the celebrity guests clapped Simon, Tim snapped: “Stop clapping him! He didn’t do anything, take a penalty or anything." Later on, the guests, who included Will Young and comedian Joe Lycett, discussed the Eurovision Song Contest where they expressed how stunned they were that the UK's entry, Sam Ryder, was the runner-up. Tim admitted he did not watch the music contest, and Simon joked: “Were you just sitting in a darkened room?” DON'T MISS...Sunday Brunch guests 'work out' key to Sam Ryder's Eurovision success [EUROVISION]Harry and Meghan blasted as Boy George says 'shame on Oprah' [LATEST]Sunday Brunch viewers left baffled as stars keep social distancing [REACTION] A deflated Tim replied: “That was it yeah. I was contemplating wearing red on the show.” Many fans were left in hysterics over Tim's lost bet, with Sonia calling the forfeit "brilliant". Richie quipped: "That's brilliant I was already imagining this straight after the last Liverpool penalty."  Pudsey added: "Imagine having to wear another team's kit (two sizes smaller than your own) and dance live on @SoccerAM though Tim! I still can’t listen to Footloose. You had it coming mate." However, a sympathetic Ria Amber Tesia said: Feel for @timlovejoy on @SundayBrunchC4 who suffered a double whammy trauma - his beloved @ChelseaFC loss and being forced to don @LFC kit. Alison Mills remarked: "Fair play to you @timlovejoy that must hurt. We were depressed in this house too." Sunday Brunch continues next Sunday on Channel 4 at 9.30am. 