Danni Menzies is best known for her property sales negotiations on A Place in the Sun, and her former on-screen supercar adventures - not to mention the controversial outfits that once caused a star by seeing her branded "immoral" and a "hooker". However, the 33-year-old, whose Polish grandmother survived the Holocaust era, has now revealed to us that she'd "try anything" on TV - even the potentially risky world of war reporting. "I've been thinking a lot more about women and children who are going through a war," she confided. "I grew up with my grandmother who is Polish and lived through a war and [she was] telling me all these awful stories - I never really thought that would be happening again. "As a little one, you just listen to the stories, but now seeing everything that's going on made me think of what she went through again and all the poor women and children that are having to leave behind their families," Danni continued. In fact, she's even considered the prospect of travelling to the heat of the conflict in Ukraine to bring back news to British news-viewers. READ NOW: 'The baldy biker!' Dave Myers appears for first time since chemo "I would try just about anything," she mused. "I mean, obviously most [war] reporters [are] journalists so they do a lot of studying to get there, but I'd give anything a go. "It would be very eye-opening and very difficult, I think." However, Danni has noticed a "gender imbalance" in those providing reports from the front line. "I know a few people out there at the moment who are reporting, but they're all ex-army," she explained. "To go into such a serious war zone you almost have to have a certain amount of training to make it there, and obviously there's a big gender imbalance in the army." Danni didn't mention if any inside knowledge she gleaned about war reporting might have come from her "war hero" ex-boyfriend, with whom she had a fling a few years ago. She has become increasingly frustrated that she is still associated with him, and wants the world to know their relationship has long since ended. DON'T MISS... Coleen Rooney claims Rebekah Vardy texts 'knocked her sick' [LATEST] Prince William honours Deborah James with Damehood at family home [UPDATE] Richard Gere, 72, not concerned about being an older dad with wife, 39 [INSIGHT] "Because he was a war hero... people were splashing it everywhere," the A Place in the Sun beauty agonised. "[However] I've not spoken to him for a long time." Danni, who is notoriously private about her love life usually, did start dating another man after the worst of the pandemic was over, but their relationship sadly ended very recently. Now she is setting her sights on future TV projects. As well as caring deeply about the conflict in Ukraine, for which she has been brainstorming fundraising ideas, Danni is also a known animal lover and campaigns against their abuse. She was fuming after learning that Premiership footballer Kurt Zouma had attacked his cat and published footage of it online, raging that she wasn't sure how he could effectively be punished for his actions. "Too right [that he lost his sponsorships] - he's disgusting. It was really awful seeing that, especially because he was in front of his kids," she lamented. "Teaching your kids that that's acceptable behaviour is disgusting."