July 18 marks the week many schools in England and Wales break up for holidays. Passport delays have caused issues for many Britons and Passport Office stats suggest almost seven percent of the UK population will see their document expire before July 18.  If Britons check their passport today and make an application, they could still be able to make a summer holiday. Travelling without a valid passport is against the law and Britons’ passports must be valid for at least three months after the date they intend to return from the EU. The rules changed after Brexit so Britons must ensure their passport will still be in date for three months after their return date. Graham Ward-Lush, head of travel at Co-op Insurance, said: “Many of us won’t have had a proper summer holiday since 2019 and we know that millions of Brits all over the country are eagerly anticipating this year’s getaway, particularly as most travel restrictions have now been lifted. READ MORE: Britons will need Covid certificate for at least another six months “But with many passports having been lying in a drawer for the past two years, we’re urging travellers to check the expiration date on their own passports and also any family member’s today. “Many families in England and Wales will be looking to get away at the end of July, which means May 9 is a good deadline to set yourself in order to ensure that new documents arrive back in time. “There can’t be a more heart-breaking scenario than unearthing a passport the night before travel, only to realise that it is out of date. “We want to help ensure that people all over the UK manage to have their dream holiday this summer and aren’t stranded at home due to invalid travel documentation!” Passport renewals cost £75.50 online or £85 by post and can be done digitally through the Government’s online service or via the Post Office’s check and send service. Britons have faced huge delays as many people did not update their passport during the pandemic. For many Britons, 2022 will mark the first time they have travelled abroad since the pandemic began. Unfortunately this means that many passports are now out of date and will need renewing to travel. Simon Hoare, Conservative MP for North Dorset, told Parliament: “Constituents going abroad for a family funeral, for a holiday or for business reasons are not getting through to the office, and are lied to by officials when they do.” The Passport Office has also struggled with service shortfalls from the contracted courier, TNT. A Passport Office spokesperson said people were advised to allow up to 10 weeks when applying for a passport. It said that over five million people had delayed applying for a passport during the pandemic causing a huge backlog. The Government has urged people to apply for a new passport as soon as possible for the peak summer season. May 9 is the final day to apply to ensure the passport will be within the 10 week deadline for school holidays. Customers will need to have a high quality photo if they want to apply for a new passport. They will need to ensure they will have at least three months left on their passport after the end date of their holiday if they want to travel to the EU.