Karolina Muchova was reduced to tears and forced to retire to Amanda Anisimova during their French Open third round after rolling her ankle in the second set. The Czech star had won the first set and was enjoying a good run in Paris after an injury-stricken year but had to abandon the match with the 20-year-old leading 6-7(7) 6-2 3-0 after spending the third set in tears. Muchova was leading after taking the first set in a tiebreak 9-7 after an hour and 22 minutes. But the world No 81, whose ranking has fallen after recent injury woes, took a medical time out to get her thigh taped up before ripping off the bandages when she went 0-2 down to start the second and successfully got back to 2-2. But her back luck was only just beginning, as she fell badly and rolled her ankle. The 25 year-old was already shaking her head as she attempted to stand up and was in tears as she received medical treatment on it before deciding to continue, throwing a head over her towel to cover her crying. Muchova decided to carry on but was immediately broken and went on to lose every game, dropping the second set 6-2. She carried on into the third set but was broken twice to go 0-3 down with Anisimova now leading by a double break before she finally retired in tears, hugging her American opponent as she cried after losing all seven games played after rolling her ankle. JUST IN: Wimbledon scrubs Miss and Mrs from honours boards in equality drive  After progressing to the second week with Muchova's retirement, Anisimova shared her sympathy for her opponent in her on-court interview as she said: "Yeah for sure it’s very tough and I feel very bad for her, she’s had a tough year with injuries so it’s good to see her here playing and playing so well so I hope she feels better." The former Grand Slam semi-finalist had only just made her return following an abdomen injury that had plagued her for parts of 2021 before she shut down her season after the US Open to recover. She was forced to skip the Australian Open this year, having reached the last-four in 2021, and came back at the Miami Open. DON'T MISSBanned Daniil Medvedev confirms he'd 'like to play Wimbledon'Djokovic and Nadal told Medvedev may 'do something big' at French OpenDan Evans reacts to being booed by French Open crowd after tanking  Muchova had already impressed in Paris by upsetting last year's semi-finalist and fourth seed Maria Sakkari in the second round, beating her 7-6(5) 7-6(4) on the same court on Wednesday. Meanwhile, Anisimova will now face the winner of a match between Belinda Bencic and Leylah Fernandez. The American is a former semi-finalist at the French Open, having defeated the then-defending champion Simona Halep en route to the last-four back in 2019.