After he captured his third title in four tournaments, Carlos Alcaraz is now breathing down compatriot Rafael Nadal’s neck for the top spot in the ATP Race to Turin. The world number four made an electric start to 2022, winning three titles and the 35-year-old has amassed more points than any other player so far this year. Those who finish in the top 8 will qualify for the ATP finals in Turin this November. Alcaraz, who began the year ranked outside the top 30, has shot to number six in the world and sits a mere 70 points behind the 21-time Grand Slam champion. Nadal lost two opportunities to increase his tally after missing the Monte Carlo and Barcelona tournaments due to injury. Although Alcaraz lost his opening match in the Principality, he won his maiden crown in the Spanish city, before triumph in Madrid. It was another remarkable week for the teen who handed defeats to the greatest clay-court player, the world number one and Madrid defending champion en route to claiming another title. Following his latest victory, and with Roland Garros looming, the world number six declared he is ready to win the first of what he hopes will be many Grand Slam crowns. JUST IN: Carlos Alcaraz fires warning to Novak Djokovic and Rafa Nadal after Madrid Open title win “Yes yeah I think so. I think I’m ready to win a Grand Slam, I’m ready to go for it,” the 19-year-old said post match. “It’s a goal for me this year to try and get my first Grand Slam. I’m going to work and let's see what’s going to happen at Roland Garros.” Alcaraz’s variety of shots and athleticism and power proved too much for Alexander Zverev in the final, along with with his relentless hitting and supreme court coverage. “It feels great to be able to beat these players. To beat two of the best players in history and then Zverev, the World No. 3. He is a great player. I would say this is the best week of my life,” Alcaraz added. “Congratulations Carlos! What a great tournament. Great win!,” Nadal wrote on Instagram. Alcaraz became the second-youngest player to win two Masters 1000 titles and cited Nadal as motivation behind his victory inside Manolo Santana Stadium. “Watching Rafa lift this trophy gave me a lot of power to work hard for this moment,” Alcaraz added. “It is a great moment for me. It is the first tournament I watched, so lifting the trophy today is so emotional.” Alcaraz secured his first victories over Nadal, Novak Djokovic and Alexander Zverev in Madrid and will enter this week’s Italian Open in Rome full of confidence as he bids to continue his hot streak.