Barcelona are open to swap deals for Frenkie de Jong but not with Manchester United, according to reports. The Netherlands international is a top target for Erik ten Hag. However, he could end up leaving the Nou Camp for Manchester City or Bayern Munich instead. Big things were expected of De Jong when Barcelona signed the 25-year-old from Ajax back in the summer transfer window of 2019, shortly after he’d helped the Eredivisie outfit reach the semi-finals of the Champions League. Yet the Netherlands international has often struggled for consistency under the likes of Ernesto Valverde, Quique Setien, Ronald Koeman and Xavi. Manchester United are eager to secure De Jong’s signature this summer, with Ten Hag keen on a reunion with his former Ajax pupil. Yet Mundo Deportivo say that, when it comes to the 25-year-old’s future, Barcelona are open to two swap deals. One is with Bayern. The Bundesliga giants are primed to land Ryan Gravenberch from Ajax, having agreed personal terms with the midfielder ahead of a move to the Allianz Arena. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz But they still have interest in De Jong, too. Barcelona are keen to land Robert Lewandowski, who has signalled his desire to quit the Bundesliga giants for a new challenge elsewhere. And that’s where De Jong could come in. Bayern apparently want a fee close to £42million in order to let Lewandowski leave the club, even if they’re adamant he won’t be going anywhere. And De Jong could be used to ensure the veteran arrives at the Nou Camp and spearheads the team’s attack next term. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here City are also in the mix for De Jong as well, with Ilkay Gundogan expected to leave the club now the season is over. Barcelona are keen on Bernardo Silva, having previously missed out on the Portugal international when he was strutting his stuff at Monaco. And the La Liga titans may try and use De Jong as bait in order to get Bernardo through the door. They apparently believe the 27-year-old can help Pedri get even better over in Catalonia. And what ultimately happens remains to be seen. Speaking earlier in the month, Barcelona boss Xavi insisted that De Jong was still an integral part of his project. Yet he did also suggest that, due to the club’s financial position, a decision on the Netherlands international will have to be made. “I have said many times that Frenkie is very important. He's a key player,” said the former midfielder. "Then there is also the financial situation of the club and it has to be decided. I'm not talking about Frenkie, in general." Koeman was recently asked about De Jong, too. And the former Barcelona boss made it clear he thinks the 25-year-old would stick, rather than twist this summer. "I don't think Barca want to sell Frenkie," he said. "I think Xavi has said that he is the future. "Frenkie is a great player, a great midfielder. He goes through some games where he has not been at his level but there is no doubt about Frenkie. "I have no doubts, for me he is a permanent fixture in the national team and I hope he comes back [to form] as he has played many games.”