Coronation Street is never short of drama and this week will be no different as Abi Franklin (played by Sally Carman) fights for a life with her newborn baby Alfie. The ITV soap usually airs as regularly as clockwork but there has been a schedule shake-up. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know to catch up on the latest episode of Coronation Street. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Coronation Street. Coronation Street airs three times a week on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV. The soap opera used to air half-hour instalments twice during these nights but ITV has altered how its shown by treating viewers to three longer episodes instead. This meant that Emmerdale could be sandwiched in between, showing at 7.30pm. Unfortunately, this won't be the case this week as Corrie won't be airing in its usual timeslot. READ MORE: Lucy Pargeter age: How old is Emmerdale's Chas Dingle star? Instead, Coronation Street will be shown at the earlier time of 7.30pm for just half an hour on Monday, May 30, Wednesday, June 1, and Friday, June 3. Emmerdale will then be shown at 7pm before the longest-running soap begins this week. So fans are going to have to adjust their usual TV watching schedules in order to keep up to date with the show's latest goings-on. The reason behind the change in timings is down to ITV's hit annual competition series. Britain's Got Talent will be airing its semi-finals every night this week from 8pm to 10pm. Eight semi-finalists are going to be performing once again, this time live in front of the nation in order to win votes and hopefully sail through to the grand finale. The acts in the first semi-final are singer Mel Day, London Community Gospel Choir, ventriloquist Jamie Leahey, busker Maxwell Thorpe, impersonator Suzi Wild, dance group Born to Perform, The Witch and magician Junwoo. Eight acts will be performing each night from Monday to Saturday, until the finale this weekend on Sunday, June 5, from 7.30pm. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Eric Pollard sells B&B over David's secret [THEORY]Maureen Lipman sparks fury as Brits push to 'abolish monarchy' [REACTION]Corrie's Daniel Brocklebank goes to bed early to 'save electricity' [EXPLAINER] So this change in scheduling will just be for one week only with Coronation Street returning back to its usual timeslot from Monday, June 6. This will be welcomed news by fans of the drama as there has been plenty happening to keep them hooked. Fiz Stape (Jennie McAlpine) had broken up with Phill Whittaker (Jamie Kenna) for wanting to write a tell-all book about her previous marriage to serial killer John Stape (Graeme Hawley). After apologising for the idea and getting down on one knee with his grandmother's ring, they ended the day as an engaged couple, much to Tyrone Dobbs' (Alan Halsall) dismay. Meanwhile, Abi is preparing to put the final touches in place for her plan to take her son Alfie away for good. After Imran Habeeb (Charlie de Melo) and Toyah Habeeb (Georgia Taylor) were granted full custody of him, Abi hatched a plot to purchase fake passports and take her son to Costa Rica. Kevin Webster (Michael Le Vell) found out what she was going to do and out of love for her, agreed not to tell anyone what she was up to. But will Abi really be able to get away with it or is it going to be the beginning of the end for her relationship with baby Alfie? Coronation Street airs at 7.30pm on Monday, May 30, Wednesday, June 1, and Friday, June 3.