The SNP Westminster Leader persisted in his calls for Boris Johnson to resign as a consequence of the partygate scandal. Ian Blackford failed to hold back his criticisms of the Prime Minister as he erupted at the findings of the Sue Gray report on partygate allegation. He insisted the Prime Minister had "displayed contempt to everyone" both in the Commons and across the country with the persistent defence of his conduct.   Mr Blackford said: “For eight months we’ve heard every excuse under the sun but not we’ve all seen the damning photo evidence. Quoting elements of the published report, Mr Blackford said: “The senior leadership at the centre, both political and official, must bear responsibility for this culture.” He continued: “That leadership came from the top and the Prime Minister, in the words of the report, must bear responsibility for the culture.” Mr Blackford looked up towards Mr Johnson as he added: “A fish rots from the head.” He continued: “Mr Speaker, the Prime Minister’s dispatch box denial of a party taking place on the 13th November is now proven to be untrue. “He was there on the 13th November, photographed raising a toast, surrounded by gin, wine, and other revellers. “The charge of misleading Parliament is a resignation matter, will the Prime Minister now, finally, resign?” “This Prime Minister has adopted a systematic, concerted, and sinister pattern of evasion, truthfulness, honesty, and transparency do not enter his vocabulary - it is just not part of his way of being and it speaks for the type of man that he is. Read more: PMQs LIVE: 'Put that in your pipe!' blasts back at Starmer  “Credibility, truth, and morality all matter, and the Prime Minister has been found lacking time and time again.” Following Mr Blackford’s lengthy address to the Commons, Mr Johnson responded: “Mr Speaker, I think the right honourable gentleman should look closely as Sue Gray’s report and I repeat my thanks to her. “I stress that the nature and length of my involvement in these events is very clear from what she says. “I take full responsibility for what happened and that is why we’ve taken the steps that we have to reform and improve the way Number Ten works.” Don't miss: Boris Johnson ‘still the best person’ for job as readers support PM [POLL RESULTS]Have Your Say: Should Boris RESIGN after Sue Gray's damning report? [POLL]Forget the Remainer plot and sort out the economy Boris [REPORT] The Sue Gray report, which investigated alleged breaches of lockdown in Downing Street and Whitehall, has now been published in full. Acknowledging the report’s findings, the Prime Minister said he was “humbled” by the findings of the investigation but maintained his insistence that he had not considered his actions to be breaches of the Government-imposed lockdown guidelines at the time of the event. Following Boris Johnson’s statement and apology regarding the Sue Gray report, Mr Blackford approached the topic once more with renewed calls for the Prime Minister’s resignation. 