Rafael Nadal and Alexander Zverev shared a joke during their practice session ahead of the Madrid Open. The Spaniard is set to return from a rib injury and play his first match since losing the Indian Wells final in March. While he and the tournament’s defending champion prepared for their opening matches in the Spanish capital tomorrow, the Madrid Open posted a video of the pair, with Nadal appearing to have been saying 'what?' and looking slightly disgruntled. A few seconds later the 21-time Grand Slam champion beamed and was seen exchanging pleasantries and laughing with Zverev on court. The German defeated Nadal en route to winning the title last year, before Nadal exacted his revenge a week later in Rome. In 2022 however, any potential Madrid rematch cannot take place unless both players reach the final. Despite missing the first clay court events of the season in Monte Carlo Carlo and Barcelona, where has a combined total of 23 titles, Nadal has returned fit, motivated and excited to play in front of his home fans once again, with his campaign set to commence tomorrow against either Miomir Kecmanovic or Alexander Bublik. “Talking about the injury, I’m recovered, I feel good. Talking about my tennis game and preparations, well, it’s a completely different story,” he added. “Anyone who has broken a rib knows how limiting it is, very painful, especially the first weeks. I wasn’t able to do anything without a lot of difficulties, even to fall asleep because of the pain. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic admits to 'mental' struggles with star still unable to find best form   “I have improved compared to when I came here but I still have up and downs because it’s been a long time without being in these kind of situations and it’s going to be a difficult week, for sure.” Nadal’s campaign is set to commence on Tuesday with a potential blockbuster quarter-final with compatriot Carlos Alcaraz on the cards, as well as a semi-final showdown with great rival Novak Djokovic. Speaking of the young Spaniard and the world number one, the pair played a practice match earlier today and wowed the crowd in attendance with the athleticism and supreme shot-making. Unsurprisingly they both seemed to enjoy each other's company on the practice court as well. Asking what he thought of the session, the world number nine chuckled and said: “He has beaten me up, but I have seen myself play well.” Djokovic and Alcaraz have yet to play a competitive match against each other, but many around the tennis world sense a first meeting is not far away. The teen will begin his Madrid Open campaign tomorrow against Nikoloz Basilashvili, and admitted the challenges adjusting to the conditions in the Spanish capital. “Adapting to the altitude is not easy and I can verify it these days in Madrid," Alcaraz said. "Still, it has been an unforgettable experience.” Djokovic will open his camaign against Frenchman Gael Monfils tomorrow. 