Bugs entering the house can be a huge problem in the warmer months as they enter houses to find food. They can enter through cracks in walls, open doors as well as windows. While it can be hard to eradicate them completely, experts at Hillarys have shared “nifty tricks” to keep your home ant-free this summer. They said: “It’s all about smells and disrupting the ant’s ability to pick up on scent trails left behind by other ants. “Chalk is one of the easiest ways to keep ants out of your home. “Chalk contains calcium carbonate and this confuses the scent that the ants are following. “Drawling lines of chalk around an entrance should keep the ants from coming inside. READ MORE: Homes Under the Hammer buyer triples house price by spending just £9k “It isn’t totally clear why they simply won’t cross the line, but it does work. Be sure to avoid insecticide chalks though as these will kill the ants.” White vinegar is a great cheap option to get rid of ants, with many households already having the item in their cupboards. According to the experts, ants “detest the smell”. They added: “It is best to make a solution of equal amounts of water and vinegar, with a touch of essential oils. DON'T MISS:How to add ‘instant colour’ into the garden for ‘very little cost’ [COMMENT]DIY warning for wooden pallets as ‘highly toxic’ treatment used [WARNING]‘Household remedy’ to help remove ‘significant dirt’ from ovens [EXPLAINER] “Remember to shake well, then spray it around your windowsill, doorways and other places where you usually see ants coming into your home.” White vinegar can be picked up for as little as 29p in supermarkets. Another cheap hack to keep ants away from the house is by using salt and pepper. The experts said: “Spreading salt near any corners where ants would enter and crawl back into will keep them from making an appearance in your home. “Alternatively, cayenne pepper and black pepper are loathed by ants. “You can either sprinkle pepper by the entrance or make a solution of pepper and water and spray it near the problem areas. “It won’t kill the ants, just simply deter them from coming near your home.” Strong citrus scents can also keep ants away from entering the house. Peels of oranges and lemons can be placed around the home too, in areas where ants may enter like doors and windows. Hillarys added: “Or perhaps when mopping the floor, you could add some lemon juice or even make a paste using water and grounded peels. “Ants absolutely love sugar though, so make sure to keep anything sweet away from this sticky citrus blend. “You can also use cinnamon. “Not only does cinnamon keep ants away, it will leave your home smelling lovely and fresh. “Put cinnamon near the entrance of your home and it will act like a natural repellent because of its strong smell. “You could also add some essential oils to the cinnamon to boost its smell.”