Prince Harry and Meghan Markle recently returned to the UK on a fleeting visit to see the Queen at her main base of Windsor Castle. But their son Archie has not seen the Queen since the Sussexes left their senior working royal roles behind in 2020, and the Queen is also yet to meet baby Lilibet who was born in June 2021.  As Archie is celebrating his third birthday in the US today, he is clearly on the monarch's mind as the official Royal Family social media accounts paid tribute to him today. The Royal Family Twitter account shared a picture of the Queen and Prince Philip meeting Archie shortly after he was born alongside the caption: "Wishing Archie Mountbatten-Windsor a very happy 3rd Birthday!" Many royals fans hope Harry and Meghan will appear with their children at the Queen's Platinum Jubilee weekend, which coincides with Lilibet's first birthday. Based on Harry's comments, it's clear he is keen for the Queen to meet his two children - but when exactly this will be the case hangs in the balance.  READ MORE: Meghan had 'astonishing' feud at 'first party' she attended at Palace Harry has spoken about his love for the Queen at length since he moved to the US two years ago, and he recently expressed his wish for the Queen to see his two children again. When asked in an interview with NBC News' TODAY show in April if he would be attending the Platinum Jubilee celebrations, Harry told host Hoda Kotb: "I don't know yet. There's lots of things: security issues and everything else. "So this is what I'm trying to do, trying to make it possible that, you know, I can get my kids to meet her.” Now a Sussex spokesman has confirmed Meghan and Harry will be present at the Queen's Jubilee celebrations, as will Archie and Lilibet.   The spokesman said: "Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are excited and honoured to attend The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations this June with their children." Royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams previously told Express.co.uk that only Harry and Meghan know "exactly when" a visit to the Queen could be on the cards for Archie and Lilibet. He said of the Jubilee celebrations: "Given the historic significance of what is planned, it is high time things were put in proportion. "Their [Meghan and Harry] presence or otherwise might dominate the run up to the historic events but in no circumstances will they be centre stage whatever they do.  DON'T MISS:Archie Harrison milestone: Will Meghan release a new picture? [INSIGHT]Archie pictures through the years - who does he look more like? [PICTURES]How Archie could get a royal title but Lilibet won't - 'very unlikely' [ANALYSIS] "We know that they intend to bring Archie and also Lilibet, who has never met the Queen, over at some stage but the issue of security may still be unresolved." He added: "Nothing the Sussexes do is predictable. As we wish Archie a happy birthday and hope to see him soon, the facts are, no one other than the Sussexes knows exactly when!" Royal fans will have to wait and see if Lilibet and Archie make their debuts on the Buckingham Palace balcony this year for the Platinum Jubilee edition of Trooping the Colour. But the public was not informed in advance of Harry and Meghan's visit to see the Queen last month, so a surprise visit away from the public eye could be how the Sussexes decide to finally introduce their little ones to the monarch. 