Staton, 82, is famous for Young Hearts Run Free and other soul music hits. Four years ago the star was rocked into a “state of disbelief” by a breast cancer diagnosis that she successfully beat using 12 weeks of chemotherapy. Talking about her cancer battle at the time, she said: “I’ve been through hell and back, but God was there all the time.” The star is more relaxed about life these days, especially since the breast cancer, she said in a recent interview. But at the time of her cancer battle, Staton, who said she had already suffered “domestic abuse” and “alcoholism”, struggled to come to terms with her condition. She even had reservations about undergoing chemotherapy. “I told the doctor I didn’t want chemo and he was a tough cookie who told me: ‘We’re going to get you well.’ I had many rounds of chemo and I’m cancer free,” she told The Guardian. READ MORE: Testosterone deficiency syndrome – feeling dreadfully unhappy might not be depression She was first diagnosed with breast cancer shortly after releasing her 30th album Unstoppable. In a press statement after the diagnosis, she said: "I went through all of the emotions: denial, 'poor me' and anger. It really helped me to be on the road, doing something I love to do, and was born to do. "After all I've gone through in my life - the domestic abuse, the bad relationships, alcoholism, fighting with record labels for royalties and all of that stuff - it's the last thing I ever expected to go through, but I'm going through it and I plan to beat it.  "I was in a state of disbelief. "I was like, 'Did you just say 'carcinoma'? I was in shock.” About one in eight women are diagnosed with breast cancer during their lifetime, explains the NHS. However, if it is spotted early there is a “good chance” of recovery, the health body states.  But for many women, breast screening can be a daunting process. Women may feel “fear, anxiety and embarrassment” to receive breast screening, explains Cancer Research UK. Staton personally had difficulties coming to terms with her condition. Around the time of her diagnosis, she talked about how her mental health waned. Women may feel “fear, anxiety and embarrassment” to receive breast screening, explains Cancer Research UK.  “You go through your down days, you go through your pity days,” she told Rolling Stone. “But then you come up the next day, and you say, ‘I’m not going to take this.’ You’re not going to take my life. I’m going to fight.’” The early signs of breast cancer, according to the NHS, are: