An FSB officer warns the President has "no more than two to three years" left after claims he is reportedly suffering from a "severe form of rapidly progressing cancer". Speculation surrounding the Russian leader's health has been widespread since he ordered his army to invade Ukraine in February. Since then, video footage has emerged showing him visibly shaking, looking like he has a bloated face and limping at the Victory Day parade on May 9. The most recent reports of his ill health come from an FSB officer who told the Mirror, that as well as having just a few years to live, Putin is also losing his sight. The news of his terminal cancer diagnosis was revealed as part of a secret message from the agent to former FSB agent and fugitive Boris Karpichkov. The message is believed to have detailed the Russian leader's "uncontrolled fury" after he has started lashing out at his subordinates.  The agent also warned that Putin is refusing to wear glasses over fears it would show his weakness. The news comes amid a deluge of reports about the President's ailing health. Earlier this month, a Russian oligarch with close ties to the president was also reportedly recorded speaking about Putin, saying he is "very ill with blood cancer". According to the Telegram channel General SVR, Putin underwent "essential" cancer surgery this month following advice from medics. READ MORE:Putin's war is creating food scarcity on a scale never seen before The news came just before Putin's appearance on state TV which broadcast his meeting with Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko, while he was seen twisting his foot awkwardly as the pair sat down for talks. More recently, Putin was filmed making odd movements last week when he met with Tajikistan's President leading some people to suspect he has parkinsons. Commentators suggest the strange foot movements could be an attempt to cover up involuntary twitches caused by the disease. DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Kremlin humiliated as Russians help Ukrainians flee [LIVE]Putin plot to 'grind Ukraine down' to steal nation's energy reserves [INSIGHT]India drops £413m weapons deal with Russia in major blow to Kremlin [COMMENT] Former MI6 head Sir Richard Dearlove was also previously recorded speaking of the leader's health, saying he would likely enter a long-term medical facility by 2023 and not return to power once he is out. Rumours surrounding the Russian tyrant's health have been swirling for years but have intensified since he made the shocking decision to invade Ukraine in February. Christopher Steele, a former MI6 Russia desk officer, explained Putin was constantly monitored and accompanied by doctors, while speculation over who will be his successor grow. The Kremlin has not commented on the latest reports of Putin's health but spokesperson Dmitry Peskov refuted earlier claims in March, saying the President is in "excellent" physical shape. 