The Princess Royal appeared in full uniform as she attended the Freedom of York Parade by the 2 Signal Regiment. She was greeted by crowds, gathered in Duncombe Place, near York Minster to watch the parade. The parade sees the regiment exercise its right to march through the City of York bearing arms. Anne, who is the Royal Signals Colonel-in-Chief, wore full uniform for the event. A spokesperson for the Princess said: "This is a unique occasion and it is hoped that members of the Armed Forces Community and friends will join in the celebrations, by providing the Officers and Soldiers of 2 Signal Regiment encouragement along the marching route." The Princess later paid a private visit to the Minster in order to view progress on a statue of her mother, the Queen, which is due to be installed on the cathedral later this year. Royal watchers praised the Princess for her appearance, with some even comparing her to the Queen. Writing on Twitter, Noel Derek Hillier (@hillier_noel) said: "One of our finest members strong, steadfast, & like her Mother & Father she just gets on with it, with minimal fuss." Another, @Psalm1393 said she "looks more and more like the Queen every day." While @niceblokephil even went so far as to say "she would have made a great Queen". Princess Anne also drew compliments for her uniform, with @patbrian65 saying she "knows how to carry it off". READ MORE: Princess Anne makes first royal visit to York since it ditched Andrew Another user, Mrs Sam Vimes (@MrsVimes25) agreed, writing: "Some women may look out of place or uncomfortable in the uniform but Anne rocks it and looks very formidable!" Loretta Ricci praised the Princess Royal for being "lovely and attentive to everyone", while Mildred Garner (@cmgarner_garner) said she has an "amazing sense of duty & dedication". David Ponsford (@DavidPonsford3) added: "Princess Ann is one of the most hardworking royals in every way", adding that she "is totally dedicated to the UK and the Queen". The Princess Royal's visit to York came less than a month after councillors unanimously voted to remove her brother Prince Andrew's honorary freedom of the city. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: William ‘angry’ and Charles ‘sad’ – Harry warned [LIVE] Royal Family: Sussexes set for 'very, very isolated' anniversary [INSIGHT] 'Spare us' Harry and Meghan mocked over 'elitist' green holidays [REACTION] The freedom of York was granted to Andrew in 1987. But in the wake of his now settled sexual assault civil case, brought against him by Virginia Giuffre, the city voted to end its association with the royal. Darryl Smalley, the Liberal Democrat councillor who proposed the motion, said it was "right" to "remove all links" with Prince Andrew. He said: "The honorary freedom of York is the highest honour we, as a city, can bestow on those who represent the very best of York. "The honour is held by many notable and accomplished people who carry it with pride and responsibly. "Having been stripped of his military roles and royal patronages by the Queen, we believe that it is right to remove all links that Prince Andrew still has with our great city. "The removal of this honorary title sends the right message that we as a city stand with victims of abuse." Although the parties settled the case, the agreement is not an admission of guilt from Andrew and he has always strenuously denied the allegations against him.