Jamie Carragher believes Newcastle should be challenging for Europe next season after an impressive second half of the campaign under manager Eddie Howe. Newcastle sit fifth in the table for form in the second half of the season, after a surge away from the relegation zone under the 44-year-old ex-Bournemouth manager. On Sky Sports' Monday Night Football, Carragher said: “It’s got to be European football next season for Newcastle. When you talk about the players that they brought in, in January, let’s be realistic as well, those players that they brought in were good Premier League players. Guimaraes is maybe the one who is that bit of stardust, and that’s what they will expect in the summer. “But why can’t they become what Wolves have been this season, challenging for European places. I think they can do that.” Eddie Howe was nominated for the Premier League’s Manager of the Season, despite only joining Newcastle in November. Carragher added: “I think there were a few raised eyebrows but not from me, because when Eddie Howe initially got that job it was all ‘I’m not sure, is the club too big for him?’ He went up north before with Burnley it didn’t work out. He has done well at his home club Bournemouth, but he’s got his support, he’s got his family around him. “It was a big job to take and he’s answered a few critics, I think he has done brilliantly well and I expect another big improvement for them next season. To be fifth in the second half of the season, and this is the biggest improvement we have ever seen in Premier League history for the team in the first 18 games of the season to the second 18 games of the season, is the biggest shift we’ve seen before. “I expect big improvement from Newcastle next season but I give a lot of credit to Eddie Howe for the job he has done.” Despite spending the majority of the season in the relegation zone, Newcastle currently sit 14th and are nine points clear of 18th-placed Burnley. Before recent defeats by the Premier League’s top two, Newcastle won their previous four games, defeating Norwich, Crystal Palace, Leicester and Wolves. Howe was nominated for the Premier League’s Manager of the Season award alongside Pep Guardiola, Jurgen Klopp, Thomas Frank and Patrick Vieira. Newcastle were 19th in the table when Howe took charge and went on a nine-game unbeaten run between the end of December and mid-March to steer them to safety. Howe was also named Premier League Manager of the Month for February, after leading his side to three wins and a draw from their four games.