Controversial broadcaster Piers Morgan praised Naomi Osaka after the tennis star cited Michael Jordan as her inspiration to dig deep and overcome injury. The 57-year-old previously criticised the four-time Grand Slam champion as she went public with her mental health battles. Osaka is a keen advocate for mental health, withdrawing from the 2021 French Open citing her welfare. Morgan has hit out at her actions in the past, and criticised US Open champion Emma Raducanu after she withdrew from last year's Wimbledon due to breathing difficulties. On Sunday, Osaka was explaining to reporters why she took to the court for her second round clash against Sara Sorribes Tormo despite enduring an Achilles injury sustained in her opening round match at the Madrid Open. The 24-year-old lost to the Spaniard 6-3 6-1 and admitted she could have dealt with her injury in a ‘smarter’ way by not continuing or taking painkillers. Instead of withdrawing from the tournament, which may have been wise considering the French Open is coming up later this month, Osaka insisted she wanted to test her physical limits - and pointed to Chicago Bulls icon Michael Jordan as her inspiration. READ MORE: Andy Murray insists Boris Becker deserved prison sentence Osaka recalled Jordan’s legendary ‘Flu Game’ in Game 5 of the 1997 NBA Finals against the Utah Jazz. Jordan suited up for the Bulls despite suffering from food poisoning, and scored 38 points to defeat the Jazz. “For me, honestly, I don't want to, like, retire because of injury again in my career,” explained Osaka after her loss at the Caja Magica. “Because you know, like sometimes I think about the Michael Jordan ‘Flu Game’, I'm like, ‘I should be like that too’. “There is always, like, caution in your mind, but for me, I want to see what happens if I push through it. I want to know the type of – it's not relief - but like the feeling that I would have if I were to ever be injured quite badly and still be able to push through the match.” DON'T MISSNadal issued French Open warning by coach amid injury uncertaintyAndy Murray refuses to back Wimbledon's Russia ban and hits outEmma Raducanu into Madrid Masters last 16 after Marta Kostyuk victory Morgan was quick to react, jumping on social media to tweet his support for Osaka’s mentality. Morgan tweeted: “Finally! This is more like it @naomiosaka - mental strength & resilience are way more satisfying than quitting. Keep thinking about Michael Jordan.” The broadcaster previously branded Osaka ‘a fraud’ and a ‘spoiled brat’ following her outburst during a defeat to Leylah Fernandez at the US Open.