Strictly Come Dancing star Adam Peaty has told how he's been left "devastated" after being forced to pull out of the FINA World Championships in Budapest. The Olympian, 27, relayed the bad news to his Instagram fans where he told how he'd injured himself as he shared a sun-drenched snap of himself on crutches. The sport star shared a topless snap of himself on crutches in view of his 591,000 fans, explaining how he sustained the injury and what it means for his sporting career. Adam wrote: "Earlier this week whilst training in the gym, I fractured a bone in my foot. "I have been advised to rest for 6 weeks which unfortunately this takes me out of contention for the FINA World Championships in Budapest next month. (sic) "I’ve fortunately never had to deal with an injury in my swimming career so this is a real blow and a new challenge for me," he added. READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly pays tribute to Deborah James after final post The star continued: "But I am surrounded by a superb team who will support and guide me through this period and get me to where I need to be. "I’m already in great hands and starting to recover but, honestly, I'm devastated. "I work extremely hard and have dedicated my life to my training so I can be the absolute best I can be in the pool. "I was on track for a huge summer so, like when anything doesn't go according to plan, it’s a really challenging time," Adam admitted. The sporting champ told how he's completely dedicated to recovering from the injury and hoped to be back in the pool soon. Adam went on: "I won't compromise my recovery and I will use this time to reflect on what the sport means to me and what it feels like to watch someone else win a race I should be in. "It's not going to be easy! That said, I wish all the best to my competitors. "I’ll never shy away from a challenge but on this one, I’ve got to use my head more than my heart," he penned. DON'T MISS... Johnny Depp's ex Jennifer Grey brands him 'crazy jealous' [INSIGHT]Ricky Gervais leaves fans in stitches with jibe at Piers Morgan's show [ANALYSIS]Tom Parker's wife Kelsey says Deborah James was ‘a pillar of strength’ [UPDATE] The Strictly star added: "I will be back in the pool as soon as I can be, with my focus now on recovering and building up my strength ahead of the Commonwealth Games this summer. "I’d like to thank the @tenerife_top_training management team for there amazing support and getting me to the hospital as soon as they could. "I’ll be flying home early from camp today so I can be at home with my family and start the recovery process," he told his fans. Following his post, Adam was soon inundated with well wishes from fans and his celebrity friends. Strictly star AJ Odudu penned: "Oh gutted for ya Adam but wishing you a good recovery," alongside a kiss face. The Great British Baker winner John Whaite added: "Sorry to see this mate. You’ll bounce back fighting fit x." While Strictly pro Nikita Kumzin wrote: "So sorry brother! Hope you recover soon." Adam's partner Eiri Munro added: "We love you," followed by a red heart.