Liverpool star Andy Robertson has blasted the “horrendous” organisation of the Champions League final after the match was delayed by over half an hour as Reds fans struggled to get into the stadium. The Merseysiders eventually lost their clash with Real Madrid 1-0 at the Stade de France in Paris.  The French police used tear gas, pepper spray, batons and shields to disperse supporters as chaotic scenes unfolded around the stadium ahead of kick-off. And, despite the showdown getting underway at 8.36pm BST and not 8pm as originally planned, some Liverpool fans had still not made it in the stadium by half time. UEFA later blamed the delay on fans using “fake” tickets in an attempt to gain entry. But Robertson was having none of it as he spoke out about the events surrounding the final and revealed his friend was told his ticket wasn’t legitimate. “One of my mates got told it was a fake which I assure you it wasn't,” the defender said. “It was a shambles really. To be honest, people were just making it up at times and panicking. Tear gas getting thrown at people was unacceptable. READ MORE: Gary Neville fires shots at BT Sport over handling of Champions League fiasco  “It was horrendous for our fans and all families that have been through it as well. It wasn't a nice experience, not a nice final to come to. The Champions League should be a celebration but it wasn't that. Obviously the final wasn't meant to be here and whether the preparations were not as good as maybe they should have been - but I am sure in the coming days an inquest will go into that.” Liverpool endured a miserable night across the channel as they came up against inspired Real Madrid goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois. The former Chelsea shot-stopper denied Mohamed Salah on six occasions, while also tipping Sadio Mane’s early effort onto the post. And Madrid striker Vinicius Junior proved to be the matchwinner as he stole in unmarked at the back post just before the hour mark to turn in Federico Valverde’s cross. DON'T MISS Four worst Liverpool players in Champions League defeat against Madrid Liverpool demand probe into chaotic Champions League final scenes Madrid will be 'going bananas' as Ferdinand and Owen react to VAR call     Following the match, Liverpool released a statement to condemn the issues faced by their fans as they called for an investigation into what happened. “We are hugely disappointed at the stadium entry issues and breakdown of the security perimeter that Liverpool fans faced this evening at Stade de France,” the statement read. “This is the greatest match in European football and supporters should not have to experience the scenes we have witnessed tonight. We have officially requested a formal investigation into the causes of these unacceptable issues.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here