Former Celtic and Chelsea striker Chris Sutton has been slammed for contradicting himself after comments about Arsenal’s celebrations on Sunday. The Gunners returned to the top four after a hard-fought 2-1 victory over West Ham, meaning that they leapfrogged North London rivals Tottenham in the table. Central defenders Rob Holding and Gabriel were on the scoresheet for Mikel Arteta’s side, heading past Lukas Fabianski on either side of Jarrod Bowen’s equaliser. The win means that Arsenal have regained the advantage in the race for the top four with just four games remaining, making the North London Derby all the more important in just over a week’s time. Celebrations as the full-time whistle sounded amongst the Arsenal team were, understandably, significant. West Ham were highlighted as one of Arteta’s side's hardest games of the season remaining, so to pick up three points was a major step in the right direction for the club. But despite the occasion, Sutton tweeted: “Arsenal celebrating like they’ve won the league… dear me.” Of course, the statement didn’t go down too well amongst most Gunners supporters, especially as he appeared to contradict his 2016 tweet that read: “I think players should be allowed to celebrate with their support, it’s an entertainment business! Fans pay money.” JUST IN: Liverpool and Arsenal 'keen on £80m Victor Osimhen transfer' with player open to move Passionate and, arguably, extravagant celebrations have become a staple of Arsenal’s campaign, which many would credit to Arteta. Over the past few seasons, the Spanish boss has built a squad with a true team spirit and harmonious dressing room – which the club appear to have lacked previously – with all players buying into the same vision of long term success at the Emirates Stadium. But Sutton isn’t alone in being the only one annoyed by the Gunners’ celebrations. Earlier this season after Arsenal had beaten Wolves, Ruben Neves was frustrated by how the opposition conducted themselves at full-time, he said: “We saw the way they celebrated the win and that shows the level we are. I didn't see Arsenal celebrating like this in the past 10 years - it was like they won the league.” With just a few games left of the season, every match is crucial for both Arsenal, especially if Tottenham continue their rich vein of form. Therefore, it would be daft to imagine that the celebrations for every goal and at full-time will be toned down. Speaking after the West Ham win, Arteta told BBC Sport: "We showed incredible spirit because when we couldn’t play the way we wanted to play we had to find a way to play the way they prefer. We adapted. You have to find a way to win all the time to win - forcing mistakes, being brilliant, digging in, clean sheets.”