James Corden is "beyond keen" to get the Stones duo of Mick Jagger and Keith Richards in his Range Rover to sing along to their sixty years of hits for a Carpool Karaoke on the final year of his Late Late Show. The High Wycombe born host, 43, reportedly asked his bookers and producers to "go on an all out push" to land The Glimmer Twins as he brings his talk show run to an end within the next 12 months. Corden enjoyed one of his biggest Carpool Karaoke successes with another British rock and roll legend Sir Paul McCartney. But while Macca celebrated his life and career with Corden, The Stones have reportedly turned down many opportunities to perform on the beloved segment. A Los Angeles producer told James Desborough: "Corden is on a mission to serve up fans a year of great Carpool Karaokes with A list artists - and The Rolling Stones are top of his list. "James is a huge fan of the band and their music. READ MORE: Kelvin Fletcher, 38, breaks silence following the birth of twin boys "His dream is to sit in a car and duet with Mick and Keith. "He has written to the stars and asked his booking team and producers to push hard for them to appear in a segment. "He is willing to work with them on how they would like to appear. The band has a UK tour coming up so he is pushing again to promote that with a special segment, so we will see how that goes, "James is going for gold. In the last few years he has secured the biggest stars in pop and rock from Adele to Macca to The Red Hot Chilli Peppers. He really feels The Stones would be the icing on the cake." The source added: "Obviously he is not putting all his eggs in one basket; there are others on his wish list too. "Bookers and producers are looking at icons like Roger Daltrey from The Who, Billy Joel, Neil Young, Lionel Richie, Keith Urban and Def Leppard." Corden has attracted an astonishing array of prime talent for his Carpool Karaoke shows including Madonna, Stevie Wonder, Barbra Streisand, Taylor Swift, Mariah Carey, Sir Elton John, Harry Styles, Lady Gaga, Justin Bieber and Britney Spears. Their segments have racked up billions of views online. DONT MISS:Coleen Rooney begins evidence on day four of Wagatha Christie trial (PHOTOS)Dan Walker shares snap with Helen Skelton after her split from ex (NEWS)James Corden names Prince Harry ‘devoted father’ amid kid's play dates (LATEST) Corden has promised to "go out with a bang" as he announced he will depart The Late Late Show next year. The presenter has extended his contract with CBS to present the show for one more year before finishing in the summer of 2023. "I love it, I love all the people that work here, I am so proud of what we've achieved, it's been beyond my wildest, wildest dreams," he said. He promised viewers that his final 12 months would be full of fan favourites and "other surprises" which would be "a blast". "We are all determined to make this the best year we have ever had ... we are going to go out with a bang," he said. Next month James is heading home — to visit, as part of a week-long trip to London for “The Late Late Show” on CBS. This will mark the fourth time “The Late Late Show with James Corden” has filmed from the U.K., but marks the first major initiative for the show since Corden announced that he would depart next year. “The Late Late Show” will broadcast four episodes from Freemasons’ Hall in Central London, marking the show’s first time in that venue. The episodes will air on Monday, June 27, through Thursday, June 30 — in the show’s normal 12:37 a.m. timeslot. Express.co.uk has contacted James Cordon's representatives for comment.