A Discovery of Witches impressed Sky viewers when it first aired in 2018. Despite the second season hitting several delays due to the pandemic, its concluding third chapter ended the series with praise from fans. Actress Tanya Moodie played daemon Agatha Wilson in all three seasons of the supernatural show and while attending the 2022 BAFTA TV Awards, along with the rest of her award-winning Motherhood castmates, divulged that the story is far from over. A Discovery of Witches is based on the bestselling series of books by Deborah Harkness, which gave the creative team lots of material to work with. However, her future works give them untapped potential to pull upon to either revive the show or create a spin-off. On potentially returning to the show, she said: "It depends really on Debs and the books. "There's plenty of more stories, and there is one book after this which focuses on Marcus (played by Edward Bluemel) and his girlfriend Phoebe (Adelle Leonce) becoming a vampire, so there is potentially another series." Read More: 'Unforgettable' Jane McDonald shares glimpse into love life as she bids farewell on show Edward has been popping up on the small screen all over the place recently, having appeared in Killing Eve and the premiere season of the UK version of Call My Agent - Ten Percent. Although there is scope for the cast to reunite for another spooky outing, Edward's schedule may impact this. Tanya added: "It just depends on whether or not that's what they [the creative team] want to do. "But all of those characters could have their own [series] couldn't they. They are fascinating!"  Tanya isn't the only person attached to the show who has teased that the end wasn't quite the end. A Discovery of Witches' showrunner Lachlan MacKinnon spoke at a recent fan event and hinted that there could be more. The trilogy of books on which the series is based is called the All Souls Trilogy, and on a possible fourth season, Lachlan said: "Look, first and foremost, we were making the trilogy of A Discovery of Witches. "So, we really focused on being a self-contained series with a very clear beginning, and a middle, and an end." DON’T MISS…NCIS Los Angeles season 13 finale: Is Callen leaving NCIS LA? [LATEST]Doctor Who boss explains how Ncuti Gatwa almost missed out on Time Lord role  [LATEST]The Chase replacement hopes for more screen time next season 'If the bosses are up for it'  [LATEST]  Although they wanted the show to conclude and satisfy viewers, the fourth book could spawn another trilogy. Lachlan described: "But you'll probably know, this is not the end of Deb's writing. "There are other novels there tackling familiar and new characters. Different timeframes. "So you're going to have to watch this space."  