Mike Tindall, 43, appeared on Loose Men today beside Vernon Kay, Roman Kemp and Johannes Radebe. In the show, he discussed encouraging competitiveness with his children, especially with his eldest daughter Mia, eight. Regarding playing sports against his children, Mike said: “I can’t let them win.”  However, then he said: “No, I let Mia win occasionally, but then we have races up the stairs. “She’ll race me to her bedroom, but I always make sure I beat her a couple of times because she absolutely goes mad. “She’s really competitive. “But it’s part of making sure she understands that she has to be able to take losing every now and again.”  READ MORE: The Queen's 'best bad mood' was telling Prince William off Angela Karanja, a parenting expert from Raising Remarkable Teenagers, spoke to Express.co.uk to analyse Mike’s parenting skills. She said: “I believe Mike and Zara are flexible parents. Both having engaged in competitive sports, they know the value that flexibility and fluidity is for achieving success. “Being flexible means, they are capable of transferring skills they’ve used for sports success to parenting and are able and prepared to tweak accordingly what has worked for their girls and adapt to parenting their young son,” the expert claimed. Angela continued: “You got an insight of the kind of parent Mike is and his demeanour when he announced the birth of his son on his podcast.  “They obviously had planned the details of the delivery, but you don’t see them kicking themselves in embarrassment because the baby thwarted their plans. “This demonstrates they are down to earth parents. Not the kind of parents who cry ‘this shouldn’t be happening to me’. “They seem to get that, when it comes to human experiences, what happens to one can happen to another. “As a parent, this is a very great attitude to have because it stops us from hanging in the realms of illusion that we are invincible.  “I often say that this attitude of vulnerability is a strength. “For these reasons, I believe they have a mix of both strictness (order) and laid back (let it be).” Does coming from a background in sport help Mike be a better parent? Angela commented: “Both being successful sportspeople, they must know that success in sports requires balance - a time for strictness and seriousness and a time to allow flow and inspiration.  “A time to be really regimented and a time to rest, recover, recoup. “Because of this understanding, it’s likely that they are not extremely hard on themselves, therefore they are able to model and transfer this to their parenting. “Borrowing from their sporting experience, they probably also know that the best performances happen when people are feeling at ease and at peace. "The values that sports encapsulate e.g., working hard, flow, focus, persistence, curiosity, the need to do better and improve. In sports and in other professions, these values are completely infiltrated.” 