Kate Middleton’s meal choices fetch 4,600 searches a month and over 55,000 searches a year across the globe. Her diet involves a skin-glowing combination of healthy and nutritious foods, with a few relatable indulgences. The research, by exercise and nutrition experts Barbend, analysed monthly Google searches for the diets belonging to key members of the Royal Family, to discover which one generated the most searches.  While Kate’s diet takes the crown, the mealtime habits of Meghan Markle, the Queen, and Grace Kelly were also high on the list. A spokesperson for Barbend commented on Kate Middleton’s diet: “Kate Middleton is renowned over the world for her glossy hair, healthy complexion and most importantly her fitness and active lifestyle – but she has clearly had to work for these attributes like anyone else. “No matter how wealthy you are, health and fitness are not handed to you on a silver platter, and it takes work and dedication to maintain your health.  “As the Duchess of Cambridge is a working royal as well as a mother to three, her schedule will be relatably jam-packed, particularly as (like her late mother-in-law Princess Diana) she wasn’t raised in a royal household and is hands-on with cooking for her family and spending time with her children. “Kate’s affinity for oatmeal and berries for breakfast is an excellent choice for an active lifestyle, as the meal will give her bursts of energy throughout the day to meet all her commitments, including her regular exercise routines, rather than reaching for something sugary which can lead to an energy crash. “No matter what she is eating – sushi, salads or indulging in pizza with her children – Kate’s affinity for organic foods, which she consumed during her childhood, will give her an optimum level of nutrition.”  According to the research, the Duchess is reportedly a big fan of slow-burn energy oats, which keep her filled up and with enough fuel to attend royal events, exercise and run after her three children Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. To maintain her enviable figure, Kate matches nutritious, healthy eating with a consistent workout regime of planking and running, and oats can be great exercise fuel, as they release energy throughout the whole workout. According to the Daily Mail, the Duchess is also known to blend her own antioxidant-filled smoothies, mixing kale, spirulina, matcha, spinach, romaine and blueberries together in a delicious mix, helping her maintain a natural glow and healthy skin.  Continuing with the antioxidant-rich theme of her breakfast, Kate reportedly favours organic foods for lunch and incorporates as many raw ingredients as possible. Watermelon salads are a staple of Kate’s lunches according to Hello Magazine and include juicy pink watermelon mixed with avocado, onion, cucumber, and feta cheese. The Duchess and sister-in-law Meghan enjoy harmony in their eating habits, with Kate’s preference to eat mostly vegetarian foods for lunch echoing Meghan’s passion for plant-based foods during the week. Vegetable kebabs and lentil curry are one of Kate’s favourites, with Chef Raghu Deora whipping up the delicious dishes for the Duke and Duchess on their tour of India. “It is all vegetarian because I was told that was what they preferred,” he said.   While Kate mostly sticks to lighter, plant-based foods for lunch, she is known to indulge in traditional English favourites for dinner, according to royal writer Katie Nicholl. In 2010 she said: "In the evenings she indulges her hobby of cooking William’s favourite supper, roast chicken. “That’s their idea of the perfect night." Pasta is also a favourite in the Cambridge household. During a visit to Lavender Primary School in 2019, Kate mentioned how it is a family affair making pasta: “She was telling us how much her children love cooking and how they cook for her. “They made cheesy pasta the other day. One stirs the flour, one puts the milk and butter in. And they make salads and stuff." Sushi is also a big favourite among Kate and William, with the Duke admitting this after they visited Japan House London. He said: “Very impressive. Thank you very much. My wife and I love sushi. We might have to come down here for lunch when no one else is in." 