The Lincoln Lawyer is based on the best-selling novel series of the same name by Michael Connelly, revolving around Los Angeles-based defense attorney Mickey Haller. Fans will remember the 2011 movie starring Matthew McConaughey in the lead role but now the story is being brought back to life for the small screen. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the cast of The Lincoln Lawyer. Leading the cast as the Lincoln Lawyer himself Mickey Haller is actor Manuel Garcia-Rulfo. In the drama, Mickey is left to take over his law firm as well as a high-profile murder trial after his business partner is killed. But he soon discovers that there is far more at stake than he originally thought. Actor Garcia-Rulfo is best known for starring as Vasquez in The Magnificent Seven. He has also been in Cake, Murder on the Orient Express and From Dusk till Dawn: The Series. READ MORE: GB News guest savages Prince Harry’s acting debut  Mickey works alongside Lorna who is his case and office manager and bookkeeper. She is played by actress Becki Newton who played Amanda Tanen in the sitcom Ugly Betty and Quinn Garvey in How I Met Your Mother. More recently, Newton has been in series Weird Loners, Tell Me A Story and Divorce. Back in 2019, she played Andrea in the comedy film Otherhood alongside Angela Bassett and Felicity Huffman. DON'T MISS...Eurovision 2022 'fix' row as Netherlands 'rob' Latvia of final place [REACTION]Heartstopper season 2: Charlie star wants Jennifer Coolidge cameo [CAST]Ricky Gervais leaves fans in stitches with jibe at Piers Morgan's show [EXPLAINER] Izzy will be one of Mickey's clients, a former drug addict charged with grand larceny for stealing a necklace. Actress Jazz Raycole is best known for playing Claire Kyle in the comedy show My Wife and Kids in the first series. Some of her other work has been in 10 Things I Hate About You, Everybody Hates Chris, The Soul Man and The Quad. She is expected to feature in the upcoming movie Searching as Vicky Long which is currently in post-production. Trevor will be another of Mickey's clients who is described as a "brilliant but enigmatic video game mogul". He is accused of killing his wife and it is Mickey's job to try and defend Trevor in court. Actor Christopher Gorham played Henry Grubstick in the ABC sitcom Christopher Gorham. Other series of his include Felicity, The Magicians, Insatiable, Out of Practice and Covert Affairs. Other cast members include: Cisco - Angus Sampson Detective Raymond Griggs - Ntare Guma Mbaho Mwine Judge Mary Holder - LisaGay Hamilton The Lincoln Lawyer premieres on Friday, May 13, on Netflix.