Express.co.uk understands senior Conservative Party figures have concerns about Labour forming a “Rejoiner alliance” with the Liberal Democrats and SNP. Prime Minister Boris Johnson has been warned that with Partygate behind him, following the publication of Sue Gray’s report, he needs to prioritise Brexit to prevent an ambush at the next election. One source said: "The fact is that part of the motivation of the whole Partygate scandal was to get rid of Boris, because Rejoiners think that if you depose Boris you destroy Brexit. "But we have also seen evidence of a Rejoiner alliance forming particularly with Labour and the Lib Dems which if it succeeds at the next election could see Brexit reversed." Conservatives claim there is evidence of such a Rejoiner alliance in the upcoming Tiverton and Honiton by-election, following ​​former Tory MP Neil Parish’s resignation after watching porn in the House of Commons. There were already suggestions of an alliance between Labour and the Lib Dems ahead of the local elections which took place on May 5. Conservatives suggest Labour and the Lib Dems are running an unofficial agreement to not campaign in certain seats and areas. In the build-up to the local elections, Conservative Chairman Oliver Dowden accused the parties of trying to oust Tory councillors by working together. Such claims have been denied by Labour who insists no alliance exists. Earlier this month Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer told Sky News: “There is no pact, everybody knows there is no pact.” However, Lib Dem leader Sir Ed Davey admitted to allowing Labour a clear run for some seats. He admitted it was “rational” to stand down in some areas where Labour was more likely to succeed. READ MORE: Starmer risks being held hostage by Brexit-bashing Rejoiners swooping at election The Conservative source said: “The Prime Minister is being advised that he needs to take the prospect of a Rejoiner alliance seriously. “If Labour makes a pact with the most pro-EU party (the Lib Dems) then we will see Britain rejoining even if it happens in stages. “Given the polling it is also likely that they will have to do a deal with the SNP who are also EU fanatics. “But the worst consequence is that will mean they have to accept another Scottish independence referendum which could see the break up of the UK. The Union is at stake.” They added: “The PM is being advised that the best way to take this on is to show that Brexit is working and that means bringing in tax cuts, cutting red tape, making levelling up meaningful. “He needs to be a conservative Conservative Prime Minister.” So what do YOU think? Is the Rejoiner alliance a threat to Brexit? Vote in our poll and join the debate in the comment section below.