The young Ukrainian boy described his experience in Bucha, where his father was shot dead by the Russian military. Fifteen-year-old Yura Nechyporenko explained he and his father were confronted by a Russian soldier while cycling through the town. In an interview with EuroNews, he said: “We were biking right up to here and the Russian soldier came from around the corner of the building behind.   “First the muzzle of his gun was pointed to the ground, then he elevated the muzzle so it was pointed directly at us and told us to halt in Russian.” The teenager explained he had been travelling to visit vulnerable neighbours sheltering from the Russian attacks in a building nearby. Before the pair had the opportunity to explain their intentions, the Russian soldier fired two shots and Yura’s father, Ruslan, was killed. The boy continued: “After that, he also shot at my raised hands. “The bullet got between my thumb and forefinger and scraped my thumb.”  Yura confirmed his hands were raised to the soldier at the time of the violent attack. In addition to their clear surrender, the bikes the father and son were using had been tied with pieces of white cloth as a symbol that they were travelling with peaceful intentions. The Russian soldier continued to fire shots at the boy as he lay on the ground, injured. The soldier eventually retreated in the belief that both Ukrainians were dead, however, Yura survived the attack. Read more: China and India line Putin's pockets as oil exports soar 50%   At the time of the shooting, Yura was wearing a large, grey oversized hoodie. His mother believes the Russian soldier fired at the hoodie and believed Yura had been struck as the size of the jumper disguised his target. Ukrainian authorities were contacted by the boy’s family following the horrific incident but little could be done to support the mourning relatives. Police and ambulance authorities explained no action could be taken as the area was under Russian siege and outside of Ukrainian control. Don't miss:Ukrainian family give up on new life in UK after two-month visa wait [INSIGHT]Now deranged Putin targets Poland: Russia says Warsaw 'next in line' [REPORT]Putin bans Russians from entering Britain [REVEAL] Russian forces invading the town of Bucha in Ukraine have been accused of committing atrocious war crimes against civilians, A UN Human Rights Monitoring Mission recently conducted a visit to Ukraine to investigate the allegations. The mission confirmed the unlawful killing of over 300 men, women and children in Bucha and surrounding suburban towns. Matilda Bogner, head of the mission, said: “This includes summary executions and people shot at either in vehicles, crossing roads and so on.”