The RSPCA has begun an investigation after Star was found on Thursday morning in the back garden of a home in Basil Street, Bradford. RSPCA Inspector Demi Hodby rushed the "battered and bruised" Staffordshire Bull Terrier to a nearby vets where his wounds were treated under anaesthetic. It is thought Star was used for dog fighting before being driven to the area and callously dumped in the early hours of the morning. Ms Hodby said: “We checked a neighbour’s CCTV and it showed Star wandering from the street into the garden at around 4.30am before he collapsed in a pool of blood. “The CCTV doesn’t show where Star came from and there’s no obvious blood trail so I believe someone has driven him into the area and dumped him in this state. “Poor Star was covered in multiple injuries. "He had a total of eight open, bloodied wounds which all needed cleaning and stitching under anaesthetic. "We were concerned when it took him a long time to wake up from the surgery but, thankfully, he pulled through and now seems to be getting stronger. “He has two particularly deep wounds on his belly and his front paw. READ MORE: Heartbreak as rescue dog overlooked in kennels for 450 days "He’s battered and bruised so is feeling sore but he’s up and walking around now, and has started eating, which is wonderful to see. “Vets believe that his injuries have been caused by a sustained dog fight and we fear he may have been used in some form or organised fighting." Star is remaining in the care of the vets until he is strong enough to be moved to an RSPCA centre. DON'T MISSRescue dog who was kept in locked bedroom receives no applicationsRescue dog who ‘dreams of finding home’ marks one year in kennelsDog desperate for owner who understands 'quirks' after year in kennels Efforts have been made to trace his previous owners but the details on his microchip do not match up. The charity is urging people who live nearby to check their doorbell cameras and CCTV to see if they have footage of Star being abandoned. Anyone with information is asked to contact the RSPCA's appeal line on 0300 123 8018.