Summer is on its way in the UK, meaning the weather will get warmer. Although a delight, it can cause “unfavourable conditions” for flowers, according to Bloom & Wild. To help make blooms last longer, florists from the company have shared “easy tips” to keep flowers fresher this spring. The experts said: “Keep topping the vase with water. Flowers and foliage use water to prop up their stems, so if they’re looking sad, they most likely just need a quick drink. “Place stems in tepid or lukewarm water, as they will enjoy this more and absorb the water more quickly than cold. “You will also need to check frequently that the water is topped up vigilantly, it quickly evaporates in the heat.” The experts also said that indoor plants can suffer from the heat too. READ MORE: Always use the ‘four P’s’ to stop slugs and snails ‘wreaking havoc’ Houseplant owners should keep a spray bottle with fresh water near and mist them to cool them off. The florists added: “Also trim the stems at an angle. “Cut the stems at an angle to increase the drinking surface area. “If your flowers are still looking sad, trim between two to five centimetres from the base of the stem to remove any blockages and create a new permeable drinking area.” DON'T MISS:‘Easy’ vegetables to grow now which need ‘minimal’ time and attention [COMMENT]Swiss cheese plant: The ‘daily’ job to keep your houseplant alive [EXPERT]Homes Under the Hammer buyer boosts house value by £66k [VIDEO] Warm weather encourages the spread of bacteria, which is why making sure vases are cleaned thoroughly before use is essential. This can help to sterilise them and make blooms last longer. The experts said: “Remove any leaves that fall below the waterline. “In the water, there should only be perfectly trimmed stems. Greenery and leaves will rot in the water, especially in the heat. “[Also] change the water every few days to keep your flowers blooming.” Although not always possible, keeping flowers as cool as possible is another way to help make them last longer. This includes keeping them out of direct sunlight. Even though flowers need light to help them blossom, it can also make the water evaporate faster. The Bloom & Wild experts said: “Definitely keep them away from conservatories and sunny windowsills. “Direct sun or not, some flowers will fade sooner than others as time goes on. “Remove these from your display and pop your remaining blooms into smaller jars to make posies.” Choosing the correct vase for flowers is also important when it comes to how long they will last. According to the experts, choosing a wider neck vase than the width of the flowers allows air to flow around the stems. This can prevent mould from building up. The florists said: “You should avoid placing them in strong drafts areas, such as on a windowsill with the window open. A strong breeze might make your bloom’s petals fall.”