Having snubbed a move to Manchester City, Paul Pogba will reportedly choose between three clubs when he leaves Manchester United. Pogba's contract at Old Trafford expires at the end of the season, with the Frenchman turning down the chance to extend his stay at the Red Devils. Instead, he will be joining a new team ahead of next season following his second spell at United. Reports emerged last week that City had emerged as a potential destination, but the potential of this move happening has now been shot down. Instead, The Athletic report that Pogba's representatives have 'informed' the Premier League leaders that he will continue his career elsewhere. Three clubs are now battling each other to secure the French international. The three teams described as being his 'most likely' destinations are Juventus, Paris Saint-Germain and Real Madrid. All three have long been linked with moves for the 29-year-old, with PSG thought to have been close to signing him last summer. READ MORE: Man Utd star Paul Pogba rejects Man City despite 'flattering proposal' He previously spent four years at Juventus after leaving United for the first time. It was a hugely successful spell in Italy for the midfielder, as he won four successive Serie A titles and two Coppa Italias. Since selling him for £89million in 2016, Juve have remained keen on bringing him back to the Allianz Stadium. Massimiliano Allegri is seeking to restore Juve to the top of Serie A and would likely relish the chance of linking back up with Pogba. DON'T MISS: Woodward warned Pogba before talk of Man City transfer started (NEWS)Souness gives one-word response to Paul Pogba to Man City links (INSIGHT)Man Utd's Paul Pogba hinted at Guardiola link-up as Man City plot move (TRANSFERS) But to do that, they will have to beat off competition from Real Madrid, who have long eyed a move for Pogba. Los Blancos are seeking to overhaul their midfield options and may look to follow up last year's signing of Eduardo Camavinga with the addition of Pogba. There are just two more weeks left of United's season, before Pogba has to decide who he joins next. A 'final decision' is still yet to be made, but it appears highly likely that he will be departing the Premier League for a second time.