The Brexit Party MEP  slated Northern Ireland protocol and said the “Brexit deal” is to blame for the current crisis with the section of the withdrawal deal rather than Brexit itself. Ms Widdecombe discouraged Boris Johnson from keeping negotiating with Brussels, as she warned “the European Union is not going to be reasonable” over Brexit and NI protocol as “they want to deter other member states from leaving [the union]”. Ms Widdecombe said: “[Northern Ireland protocol] is one of the biggest issues now. “As far as I’m concerned, Brexit is not to blame. “It’s the Brexit deal that is to blame for this. “And the Brexit Party didn’t say that this was dangerous. "That it was going to divide the kingdom. “That is was going to threaten the break-up of the United Kingdom. “And we were told it’s okay. “We’ve got a year to sort out the trade arrangements and in the course of that year, this would be all sorted out. “Well, it could have been if the EU had been reasonable. “But anyone who expects the EU to be reasonable over Brexit is frankly living in Fantasyland." READ MORE: Brexit: EU 'disbelief and dismay' over UK 'reckless' plans She continued: “They’ve said that some of the leaders have said that they want to punish Britain for leaving. “They want to deter other member states from leaving. “They’re not going to be reasonable. “And even now, Boris is still talking about negotiation. DON'T MISS: RAF emergency: Typhoon fighter jet issues code '7700' [WATCH]First photo of rat that tried to eat disabled pensioner as she slep [LISTEN]Cabin crew beg passengers not to order Diet Coke on planes [INSIGHT] “You can negotiate only if the other side is reasonable". In light of the pressure on finding a solution to the current crisis concerning the protocol, Foreign Secretary Liz Truss confirmed on Tuesday plans to unilaterally alter parts of the deal. She explained the move saying: “These practical problems have contributed to the sense that the east-west relationship has been undermined, and we need to restore the balance in the agreement”. In the wake of possible unilateral action from the UK, vice-president of the European Commission Maros Sefcovic commented that UK's plans to ignore parts of the protocol “raises significant concerns” and warned that if the action goes ahead “[the EU] will respond with all measures at its disposal”.