Conor McGregor's search for his next opponent lingers on, no thanks to YouTuber-turned-boxer Jake Paul. That's after 'The Problem Child' issued a mocking reply to the UFC star's recent appeal quizzing his fans on who would make for a good opponent when he returns to the Octagon. 'The Notorious' last fought in July 2021 when he suffered a TKO defeat to Dustin Poirier, his second loss to 'The Diamond' in less than six months. McGregor, 33, was forced to stop after suffering a serious leg fracture at the end of the first round during their clash at UFC 264. Paul—who has hinted at a transition into mixed martial arts—was quick to pile on the embarrassment and took aim at McGregor. The social media star even got a custom-made jewel-encrusted chain—reportedly worth $100,000 (£81,000)—sporting a decorative depiction of McGregor asleep with a broken ankle. And the 25-year-old has once again taken aim at McGregor after the Irishman asked his 9.3million Twitter followers who he should face in his UFC return, writing: "My next fight is…" Paul responded with an edited photo of McGregor, where the former dual-weight UFC champion can be seen topless with dark shadows around his eyes, the whites of which have a pinkish hue. READ MORE: Jake Paul demands 'legendary' Mike Tyson fight after 'embarrassing' Tommy Fury display The retort is typical of Paul's regular shtick in that it doesn't answer the question at hand and is fairly immature. That being said, many around the combat sports world have learnt better than to expect different from the Ohio native. Paul is set to return to the ring later this summer, having knocked out former UFC welterweight champion Tyron Woodley when he was last in action in December. That marked the second UFC alumnus on his list of victims, having also finished former welterweight contender Ben Askren in quick fashion prior to that. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen fourth highest-earning athlete under 25 after eye-watering new contractWladimir Klitschko admits he is tempted to challenge Tyson Fury to 'one last dance'Tyson Fury given deadline to make final retirement decision before possible AJ fight   McGregor, meanwhile, will be reassessing his return plans after Charles Oliveira was stripped of the UFC lightweight crown. The 155-pound champion missed weight by half a pound ahead of his would-be title defence at UFC 274 earlier this month, meaning the belt remains vacant after he submitted Justin Gaethje in the first round. Michael Chandler called McGregor out after devastating Tony Ferguson on the same card, while many fans have called for a much-anticipated conclusion to the Nate Diaz rivalry. Paul's potential crossover into MMA throws another option into the hat, though such a match-up would require a significant change in stance from UFC president Dana White.