Everton forward Richarlison couldn't resist mocking Liverpool after the Reds missed out on the Premier League title on the final day of the season. The Reds were denied their third trophy of the season following Manchester City's stunning comeback against Aston Villa at the Etihad Stadium as Pep Guardiola's got their hands on yet another title. City had trailed 2-0 in the second half following goals from Matty Cash and former Liverpool attacker Philippe Coutinho before the champions hit back with three goals in just five minutes from Ilkay Gundogan (2) and Rodri. Liverpool did their own job by beating Wolves 3-1 but the result meant precious little at the end of a pulsating 38-game season. The dramatic outcome prompted Richarlison to head over to his Twitter account, posting a GIF of Thierry Henry laughing. Richarlison, who missed his side's 5-1 defeat to Arsenal through injury, helped Everton preserve their Premier League status on Thursday when the Toffees came from behind to beat Crystal Palace 3-2 at Goodison Park. READ MORE: Premier League Golden Boot: Mohamed Salah and Son Heung-min share top goalscorer prize After the game, he headed to Twitter to tweet Jamie Carragher, who recently gave him some scrutiny in the Merseyside derby. He posted: "@Carra23 wash your mouth before you talk about me and Everton and I don't respect you." Carragher was surprisingly calm when responding to the abuse: "I actually quite like this, if Twitter was about when I was a player I’m sure I would’ve called pundits out quite a lot!" There has been no love lost between Richarlison and Liverpool in recent years following a series of feisty Merseyside derbies. READ MORE: MANCHESTER CITY COMPLETE STUNNING COMEBACK TO WIN PREMIER LEAGUE TITLE He was shown a straight red card for a horror challenge on Thiago Alcantara in October 2020 but responded by netting in Everton's first win at Anfield since 1999 last season. Richarlison has since criticised Thiago, for failing to respond to his apology on Instagram over the strong challenge. "The last game [vs Liverpool] I made that challenge on Thiago and got sent off. My goodness. Then I went on Instagram to apologise and such. He only saw it," Richarlison told Brazilian media. "I said ‘I’m going to delete this message too, since he doesn’t want to reply'. Then I went there and deleted it." "Then I went there and deleted it. He didn’t answer, no. Then there was the derby now, at their home, he didn’t look at my face, I didn’t look at him, either. The game goes on. Then I went there and deleted it. He didn’t answer, no." Richarlison also took aim at Virgil van Dijk last season, suggesting the Dutchman is overrated. "People talk about van Dijk a lot. He's definitely a great centre-back, but I have dribbled past him. He was rightly chosen as one of the top 3 players in the world," the Brazilian said. "He had a great season, but I think there are others better than him: Thiago Silva, Marquinhos, Sergio Ramos." The 25-year-old will now reportedly consider his Everton future after recently switching agents.