Rafael Nadal has shut down talk of a new rivalry with Carlos Alcaraz. The 19-year-old has been likened to the 20-time Grand Slam champion by even the man himself and both players occupy the top two places in the race rankings for 2022, having won three titles each so far this year. Ahead of their third meeting in Madrid, the 35-year-old said he was too old to have the world No 9 as a rival. Nadal and Alcaraz are facing off for the third time, a year and one day after their first meeting on the teenager’s 18th birthday when he was the 120th-ranked wildcard. Fast forward a year later and he has four titles under his belt, having risen to world No 9. The two Spaniards have been the most successful players of the season so far according to the stats making for a mouthwatering clash in Madrid, but Nadal said there was no rivalry in store for the pair. After it was suggested that the compatriots were developing a nice rivalry, playing their third match in a year with so many similarities between the two, the 21-time Grand Slam champion shut down any talk of competition similar to the ones he has shared with Novak Djokovic, Roger Federer and Andy Murray. “No, no, no. I don't think I will reach that rivalry. I'm 36 years old,” Nadal, who turns 36 in less than a month, disputed. “It's natural. At the end of the day it's a new generation. It has happened during all history.” While the 91-time title winner didn’t think the 19-year-old was going to become his rival, he was still full of praise for his countryman and was happy to see someone like him breaking through. JUST IN: Djokovic eases past Hurkacz to set up potential Nadal clash in Madrid   He continued: “The history repeats itself, and thank God; it's good that someone like Carlos has reached this level to be able to maintain our tennistical level as high as possible for the next hopefully a lot of years. As a supporter of tennis and sportsperson, I think it's great to have a player like Carlos that has been able to reach this level and this strength. “I think he's a player that's going to give us a lot of good moments in the next, I don't know, 10, 12 years, 14. This is reality I'm talking about.” But because of their age gap, the third seed in Madrid couldn’t see their matchups as a fully-fledged rivalry. Their age gap has shown in Alcaraz’s most recent achievements, as he exactly mirrored Nadal’s feat from when he was the same age. The world No 9 won the Barcelona Open exactly 17 years to the day that a then-18-year-old won his first of 12 titles at the tournament - April 24 - and broke into the top ten the following day, exactly 17 years after a teenage Nadal cracked the rankings milestone for the first time. DON'T MISSMedvedev injury update ahead of French Open poses threat to DjokovicMurray withdraws from second tournament after Djokovic match cancelledNovak Djokovic hailed for 'less pleasant' tactics in Madrid    He continued: “The history repeats itself, and thank God; it's good that someone like Carlos has reached this level to be able to maintain our tennistical level as high as possible for the next hopefully a lot of years. As a supporter of tennis and sportsperson, I think it's great to have a player like Carlos that has been able to reach this level and this strength.  “I think he's a player that's going to give us a lot of good moments in the next, I don't know, 10, 12 years, 14. This is reality I'm talking about.” But because of their age gap, the third seed in Madrid couldn’t see their matchups as a fully-fledged rivalry.  Alcaraz’s  “Talking about rivalry, well, I don't know. If I was eight or 10 years younger, perhaps if Carlos had reached 10 years ago this moment, we could be talking about a new potential rivalry,” Nadal admitted. “I think that at this moment he's going to be someone that is going to win a lot of things, in my opinion, or at least he's going to have a lot of options to achieve good things.” “Talking about me, I don't have this kind of rivalries at this stage. My opponents are Djokovic, Federer, Murray in his day. This has been my career and my rivalries. From here onwards, I take it as another opponent that is going to compete for the most important things.” While the 35-year-old saw Alcaraz as a threat to his success in the latter years of his career, he was also excited to continue following the four-time title winner’s journey in the future. “In that moment, of course he's going to disturb me tennistically, I don't know for how long, but after that I'm just going to enjoy as a spectator seeing Carlos playing,” he concluded. 