Max Thieriot, best known to SEAL Team fans as Special Warfare Operator Clay Spenser, is re-teaming with CBS for his upcoming series, Fire Country. His upcoming starring role has just been given a full series order for this year’s autumn schedule, and his on-screen pal David Boreanaz has taken to Instagram to celebrate the news. Fire Country will join cop drama East New York and legal series So Help Me Todd for a full series later this year on CBS. SEAL Team star Max will reportedly be pulling double duty for the two shows after it was confirmed he will indeed be returning as Clay after Bravo Team’s disastrous mission in Mali. With a second major starring role coming up on the network this year, Max posted a recent update on Instagram to let his 574,000 followers know he’ll be back on screens soon. He wrote: “Wow!!!! I’m stunned, excited, humbled and proud but more than anything I’m thankful!” READ MORE: Ozark season 4 theory: Jonah actually shot Wendy as fans spot key clue “So thankful for all the people in my life! The incredible team behind this show and the amazing actors who poured their hearts into it. “Y’all pushed me, supported me, listened to my crazy ideas and loved me through it all. I can’t wait for y’all to see Fire Country! Let’s gooooo!!!!” [Sic] Several followers congratulated the star in the comments, including Master Chief Jason Hayes star David. “Great work!” he wrote. “From a SEAL TO Fighting fires! BACK!” [Sic] Fellow Bravo Team member Neil Brown Jr added: “My guy!!!!! [Fire emojis] for real! So proud!” The series was previously announced as a pilot entitled Cal Fire back in February this year. Max will portray Bode Donovan, one of a group of firefighters in Northern California, in the series loosely based on his experiences growing up in the region. Other actors joining the project are Lucifer’s Kevin Alejandro, Twilight Saga star Billy Burke and Numb3rs’ Diane Farr. DON'T MISS:Riverdale cancelled: KJ Apa shares emotional reaction [COMMENT]Outlander’s Jamie Fraser star Sam Heughan details career regret [INTERVIEW]The Last Kingdom’s Alexander Dreymon pens sweet email to co-star [INSIGHT] In addition to taking on the lead role, Max is also a key creative force behind the primetime rescue series. Drawing from his childhood in California, he co-wrote the story along with Grey’s Anatomy writing partners Tony Phelan and Joan Rater. Fire Country, East New York and So Help Me Todd are now poised to kickstart CBS’s 2022-23 schedule following five bombshell cancellations earlier this month. The network confirmed Magnum PI, The United States of AI, B Positive, Good Sam and How We Roll will sadly all come to an end after their current seasons. In the meantime, SEAL Team fans are holding their breath for Bravo Team after a shocking cliffhanger ending to the fifth season. After jumping over to Paramount+ last year, the slightly shortened new instalment concluded in January with the fate of several Navy SEALs uncertain. Will Clay be able to pull through after receiving an eyeful of shrapnel, or has Max’s time on the series come to an end at the perfect point to transition into his next role? SEAL Team seasons 1-5 are available to stream on Paramount+ in the USA and Sky Go and NOW in the UK.