The drone was reportedly on a mission to gain intel on Russian forces and facilities as it flew over the Black Sea. But a source told RIA Novosti that the mission was made “meaningless” after “interference with the radio technical sensors” was able to preventthe NATO device from working. The agency said: “Russian electronic warfare systems suppressed a NATO strategic drone over the Black Sea, which approached the coast of Crimea. “Potentially, the device tried to conduct reconnaissance of Russian facilities and forces in the interests of the Ukrainian troops." The Russian army is said to have a range of devices, known as electronic warfare systems, that are effective against enemy equipment. This includes the "Krasukha", a mobile, ground-based system which targets airborne radio-electronics like UAV drones. Russia also has the “Moskva” in its arsenal, a passive radar system that lets its troops receive data and see airborne targets from up to 400km away without giving off any signals of its own. It works by scanning the airspace to determine whether objects are missiles or aircraft, and then sends the data to its command post. According to RIA Novosti, these sorts of devices will be effective at fending off NATO ships trying to approach the coast of the peninsula in an attempt to gain intel. Russia’s claim comes as NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg argued Ukraine can win the war after Moscow’s invasion plans “stalled”. He said at a meeting of NATO foreign ministers: "Russia's war in Ukraine is not going as Moscow had planned. "They failed to take Kyiv, they are pulling back from around Kharkiv, their major offensive in Donbas has stalled. Russia is not achieving its strategic objectives." READ MORE: US takes on UK to launch nuclear fusion rocket for 'next gen' travel The Ministry of Defence (MoD) has also made an assessment earlier this month that Russia has lost about a third of its ground combat force since the start of the invasion. These losses cover men killed or wounded, as well as equipment destroyed or captured. According to some estimates, Russia had lost over 650 tanks and around 3,000 other armoured vehicles and heavy equipment by mid-May. Meanwhile, NATO-gifted anti-tank weapons have reportedly been causing chaos to Russian enemies on the battlefield. DON'T MISS Energy crisis: UK faced with new hurdle as record wind forced turbines [INSIGHT] Tech billionaire warns Russian cyberattack could ‘destroy society’ [REVEAL] Monkeypox horror: Pets could be CULLED to stop spread of disease [REPORT] The Javelin, an American-made man-portable anti-tank missile system can blow the reactive armour of tanks away and penetrate the hull underneath. But now, Russia has deployed terrifying “Terminator” tanks to try and break the stalemate in Donbass. Also called BMPT tank support vehicles, the weapons are likely being deployed in Severodonetsk by Russia’s Central Grouping of Forces, according to the MoD. The weapons have heavy armour with four anti-tank missile launchers to help them defend against enemy fire. But the MoD said that with “a maximum of ten Terminators deployed they are unlikely to have a significant impact on the campaign".