Manchester United's former director of football negotiations Matt Judge launched a shock enquiry for highly-rated Tottenham youngster Dane Scarlett, reports have claimed. The former Old Trafford chief has now departed his role at the club, prompting an upstairs reshuffle ahead of the arrival of new boss Erik ten Hag. John Murtough has since been unveiled as United's football director while Darren Fletcher is operating as the Red Devils' technical director, with the pair now tasked with assisting Ten Hag's summer overhaul. However, the Manchester Evening News are now reporting that former employee Judge was keen to learn whether Tottenham would listen to offers for young forward Scarlett. The 18-year-old is being tipped for a huge future at both club level and with England, as Spurs continue to nurture his enormous potential. Scarlett had been in the final months of his Tottenham deal when United asked the question but the forward as very much committed to contract talks with Tottenham. READ MORE: Pau Torres picks between Man Utd and Tottenham transfer as 'both clubs offer £45m' On Wednesday, the highly-rated teenage frontman committed his long-term future to Spurs, signing a new four-year professional contract. During his time in charge of Tottenham, former United boss Jose Mourinho was full of praise for his former academy graduate, telling The Times: “I know he’s still very young, just 17, and it is probably too early for the next World Cup, but Tottenham Hotspur have a striker in Dane Scarlett, who, if everything goes well, is going to be phenomenal." The Special One handed Scarlett his first-team debut at the age of 16 years and 247 days when he became the club's youngest ever player. He was introduced from the bench in the Europa League group game against Ludogorets on November 26, 2020 - replacing Lucas Moura. READ MOREManchester United transfer target Frenkie de Jong hints where he'll play next seasonPau Torres picks between Man Utd and Tottenham transfer as 'both clubs offer £45m'Tottenham star Harry Kane 'open to new contract' if Antonio Conte condition met There is already strong interest from the Championship in a potential loan for Scarlett next season. Preston North End are among the clubs keen to take him on loan this season. “I’m really proud and excited to see what the future holds,” Scarlett said upon penning his new deal. “It’s something I’ve been working towards this year and now it’s happened, I’m just happy to be here and still enjoying my football. “As long as I’m still focused and keep working hard, then everything will pan out for me… I’ve got bigger, stronger and I’m mentally stronger, understanding more what it takes to really break through into the first team.” Like Mourinho, Conte has also been hugely impressed by Scarlett on the training field, claiming he will have a big future with the club. “I’m seeing a lot of improvement today in [Dane] Scarlett honestly if I have to tell you,” said Conte. “Seeing that this guy is improving a lot, he’s only 17-years-old but I can tell you that he is a really important prospect for Tottenham. “He has to be patient and work behind these very important players and continue to work in this way because about Scarlett, I can tell you that I see a brilliant future for him."