Simona Halep's coach, Patrick Mouratoglou, issued an emotional social media apology after the Romanian tennis star suffered a panic attack at the French Open. The incident unfolded midway through Halep's second-round clash, before she ultimately crashed out against Qinwen Zheng. Halep was a set and a break up against her teenage opponent, who is ranked well outside the world's top 50. But she had to call on her trainer while suffering with breathing difficulties midway through the contest. After Halep's eventual 2-6 6-2 6-1 defeat, in which she lost 11 of the last 12 games, she admitted that it was 'hard to concentrate' after the incident and that she will 'learn' from it going forward. Meanwhile, Mouratoglou publicly took responsibility. "I’ve always been proud of my successes with my players, but then I also have to acknowledge when I’m not doing a good enough job," he wrote on Instagram. "The results we’ve had the past month in Madrid, Rome and Roland-Garros are insufficient for someone of Simona Halep's calibre and I take full responsibility for them. DON'T MISS: Banned Daniil Medvedev confirms he'd 'like to play Wimbledon' even if he can't win points "She is fully dedicated, motivated, gives it everything on every ball. She is a champion - her track record speaks for itself. I expect much better from myself and I want to extend my apologies to her fans who have always been so supportive." Mouratoglou has a host of star-studded names on his coaching CV, not least Serena Williams, and he teamed up with Halep last month. However, she has failed to progress further than the quarter-finals in any of her three tournaments since. "The last 18 months were very tough, emotional, and physical," Halep wrote on Instagram after defeat to Zheng. "After losing in Doha, my message to the people very close to me was that I could not do it anymore, that I was done with tennis. But somehow, I got the fire back and started to feel the love for tennis again, and I decided to work hard and make significant changes. "I am very proud of myself for all I have done lately. I could only do this with Patrick’s help, and I want to thank him for being by my side. The results are tough of course because the expectations are high. I’m a grand slam winner, I’m a former number 1, and I am expected to win. But nothing should be taken for granted. To be able to touch the highest mountain in tennis again, I need time and a lot of hard work." Halep is by no means the only big name in the women's draw to be eliminated at such an early stage. In fact, seven of the top 10 seeds have already been sent packing with only Aryna Sabalenka, Paula Badosa and Iga Swiatek still standing. The latter is still the overwhelming favourite to take the title at Roland Garros as she continues on a rampant 30-match winning streak and bids to win her sixth successive tournament. Swiatek's only Grand Slam remains the French Open that she won in 2020.