There will be a statutory duty for headteachers to detail rules for when pupils must be on premises under a new Schools Bill to be formally announced in the Queen's Speech to Parliament tomorrow. Boris Johnson said yesterday the proposals were designed to raise classroom standards and boost his drive to "level up" the country. The Prime Minister said: "I want every parent to know their child's education is at the very heart of this Government's agenda. "We are determined to raise standards in schools so every child has access to the same opportunities and our brilliant teachers are supported to do what they do best. "By giving every child a good education, we're giving them the opportunity to thrive so they can reach their full potential and secure the jobs needed." The Schools Bill includes a series of measures designed to "spread opportunity, driving future economic growth", sayWhitehall officials. Schools will be encouraged to join strong, multi-academy trusts. And watchdog body Ofsted will have more powers to crack down on unregistered schools operating illegally. Education Secretary Nadhim Zahawi said of the requirement for schools to publish attendance policies: "Schools' approach to attendance is being overhauled to make sure every child gets the benefit of every possible hour in the classroom. "Our new Schools Bill, alongside the Schools White Paper, will create a system that works for every child, parent and family, bringing every school up to best standards.We want every school to be part of an academy trust, enabling teachers to focus on what they do best - meeting the needs of every child. This work will make sure every child has access to an education they deserve and helps them fulfil their potential."  Ministers have promised an extra £4billion in funding for 2022/23 compared with 2021/22, equivalent to a seven per cent increase per pupil. The Government is also investing a further £5billion in the National Tutoring Programme, offering catchup teaching for students who fell behind during the pandemic. A Higher Education Bill will set out measures for a proposed post-18 education system aimed at providing more options for people to study, train, retrain or upskill. The Lifelong Loan Entitlement will provide support equivalent to four years of education (around £37,000 today) to access courses. 