Callum Wheeler beat the 53-year-old to death using a railway jack, Canterbury Crown Court heard. The incident took place on the afternoon of April 27 last year, near Mrs James' home in Snowdown, Kent. Mrs James, a serving PCSO, was off-duty on the afternoon of the incident.  The mother-of-two was walking her dog, a Jack Russell called Toby, near Ackholt Wood when she was attacked. Detectives used data from her Apple watch to find out where she had walked and to pinpoint when she was attacked. Her heart rate and walking pace spiked at the point it's thought she spotted Wheeler in the woodland, the court heard, changing her route home. Mrs James had previously seen Wheeler in the same location previously, with the court being told that she had described him to her husband as "a really weird dude". The court heard that when Wheeler was arrested, he told officers: "Sometimes I do things that I cannot control", adding "You can’t go into the woods and expect to be safe". Jurors heard he told a member of police staff he would return to the woodland and rape and kill a woman and that Mrs James had deserved to die. Wheeler had no connection to the victim and, on questioning by the police, offered no explanation for what he had done. The 22-year-old was seen roaming around the countryside wielding the weapon the day before Mrs James' death, jurors were told. Gamekeeper Gavin Tucker took a video clip and photograph of Wheeler walking around with the murder weapon stuffed in his bag the day after Mrs James was killed. Wheeler was found guilty of murder on Monday afternoon (May 16). The jury, made up of eight women and four men, took less than an hour and ten minutes to reach a verdict. Wheeler is currently being held at Broadmoor high-security psychiatric hospital in Berkshire. He didn't react when the guilty verdict was delivered. When asked to stand to hear the verdict, Wheeler had to be held up by members of staff in the dock. He was also carried into the dock on Monday morning and after lunch. Speaking outside court, Detective Superintendent Gavin Moss said Mrs James' death had "real ramifications throughout the whole organisation because she was one of our own." He added: "What needed to happen was that justice needed to prevail, and we needed to do what we did to catch Callum Wheeler, who was a particularly dangerous individual. "He caused her catastrophic injuries." Martin Yale, senior crown advocate from the Crown Prosecution said described the case as "extremely tragic". He continued: "Women should be free to walk their dog in the middle of the day, without fear of this sort of thing happening. "It’s clearly a tragic case. "And our condolences go to Julia’s family, the local community, and Kent Police of which she was an employee. "We just hope that the result in this case can provide some degree of solace to those individuals."