Madonna has attracted much criticism for her Instagram photos, after followers accused her of trying to look and behave like a teenager in scantily clad photos where she donned fishnets and PVC. However A Place in the Sun presenter Danni Menzies, who has experienced internet criticism for her choice of outfits herself and been branded a "hooker" lookalike for her short hem-lines. has stood up in support of the musical legend. "Go for it!" she exclaimed in a direct address to Frozen star Madonna. "Go girl! As you wish. It's your body, do what you want with it!" She added defiantly: "If it makes you feel good, why not?" Danni is all too aware of how online trolling can make those in the public eye feel, having once joked that every time she appears on TV, she receives "about 300" hateful comments in her DMs as a result. READ NOW: Zoe Henry breaks social media silence with Jeff Hordley update One of the main arguments of her detractors is that she "dresses like a hooker" on A Place in the Sun. However Danni believes there is too much pressure on women to tone down their clothing due to sexism about women who show too much skin. Plus, as the title of her show, A Place in the Sun, might suggest, the sweltering temperatures on location can sometimes make skimpy clothing feel like the only comfortable option. Viewers in chilly Britain haven't hesitated about letting her know how they feel, though. "When people say 'she was asking for it because of what she was wearing', I think that's absolutely insane," Danni raged. "Just because of what you wear shouldn't mean that anyone can treat you in a certain way or behave a certain way around you. "I have [personally experienced a sexist attitude from people]... harassment, all sorts, but sadly these things just happen. "I don't know anyone who hasn't [experienced it]," she admitted, elaborating that "every single one" of her female friends have at some point been targeted owing to their gender.  "People will always find a way to be negative," she continued. As for the "hooker" comments, Danni hit back: "It's just some bitter old lady having a go at me because she doesn't think anyone should show any skin. "I purposely wore those boots in the next show just as a little 'ha-ha'!" she added of a pair that had offended members of the public. "I know I don't look like a hooker! She's making herself look like an idiot! "And even if I did, so what? That might be in fashion! Julia Roberts dress, you know, that's come back in!" Meanwhile Danni is attempting to challenge sexist stereotypes and break the boundaries of what women are perceived to be good at, by contributing to a brand new show all about female racing drivers. She recently began filming on location in Sweden - and she can relate to the contestants' insatiable appetite for speed. Not many people know that Danni's TV career started on a show about supercars, and that she has had a passion for them ever since her father taught her to drive at the tender age of 10. She hopes that her involvement with the sport will help challenge sexism in motorsport, declaring: "Hopefully the change is happening!"