Golf’s newest star Scottie Scheffler reached the summit of the sport when he became the new world number one. Soon after came his dominant Masters victory last month - his first victory at a major. The American became the first player from New Jersey to win the event as he continued his red-hot form in 2022. The 25-year-old has won four out of his last six events and after claiming his first green jacket, Scheffler became only the second player in history after Arnold Palmer in 1960 to win four tournaments including the year's first major in such a short space of time at the beginning of a season. Scheffler was on course to achieve greatness from a young age, pleading with his dad to take him to the driving range at the tender age of five. Even in bitterly cold conditions, he was still keen to hit the range and practise his shots, such is his love and dedication to the sport. This caught the attention of George Kopac, the owner of the driving range, who saw Scheffler and gave him a shovel to clean the golf mat and a bucket of range balls to allow him to play. After his mother was offered a new job, the Scheffler family moved to Dallas and borrowed $50,000 on arrival to join Royal Oaks Country Club. JUST IN: PGA Championship 2022 odds: Scheffler leads the way while Woods can't be written off While there Scheffler met and worked with Randy Smith, the same golf coach he has today. His natural talent and ability shone through as Scheffler was named the 2013 Rolex Junior Player of the Year at 17 and also won the U.S. Junior Amateur event in the same year. Scheffler attended the University of Texas and achieved more success on their golf team, winning a few college tournaments, including being the low amateur in the 2017 U.S. Open, finishing in the top 30. Just two years later, the American became a professional on the PGA Tour. While he did not win any tournaments in his debut season, he finished 5th in the FedEx Cup points list and pocketed nearly $3million in prize money. In the 2020-2021 season, Scheffler's progress continued as he secured top 10 finishes at the PGA Championship, Open Championship, and U.S. Open, and claimed victory over John Rahm in his singles match at the Ryder Cup. Late last year, a key change in his team took place, as the long-time caddie of Bubba Watson, Ted Scott, came on board to be his new official caddie. Just three months later, Scheffler found his winning stroke as he won the WM Phoenix Open on the third hole of a sudden-death playoff against Patrick Cantlay. Three weeks later, Scheffler won his second career PGA Tour title at the Arnold Palmer Invitational in Orlando. Three weeks after that, Scheffler won the WGC-Dell Technologies Match Play in Austin, defeating Kevin Kisner in the final match. With this win, Scheffler moved to world number one in the world rankings. Then last month, Scheffler joined golf’s elite by winning the Masters, becoming the fifth golfer to enter the Masters ranked No.1 in the world and go on to claim the green jacket.