Giancarlo Esposito is best known for his chilling performance as Gustavo Fring across Breaking Bad and Better Call Saul, but he recently stepped into the director’s chair for the sixth episode of the new season, Axe and Grind. The star of the AMC smash hit and its equally successful spin-off has now revealed more about directing another great performance from his co-star Tony Dalton as Lalo Salamanca. Giancarlo revealed he wanted fans to fear for Lalo’s life in the latest episode of Better Call Saul. In the sixth episode of the first half of season six, Lalo continues his expedition in Germany where Gus has hired workers to construct his secret underground meth lab. He stumbles across Casper (Stefan Kapicic) in the secluded forest, who promptly runs back to a barn to pick up an axe. On crafting the scene, Giancarlo explained: “I wanted it to feel like Lalo’s going to bite it.” READ MORE: ‘He was two dimensional’ Emmerdale’s Jeff Hordley criticises Cain “One moment in time, he’s going to eat it and it’s going to be right here. And as Gustavo Fring comes through me that’s what I wanted. ‘Kill that little rata, kill it now.’ “I wanted the audience to feel like, ‘Oh my God, he’s gone.’ I wanted us to feel the danger.” Luckily for Lalo, Casper uses the butt of the axe to knock him over, and he escapes from the scuffle relatively unscathed. After putting his assailant at ease by telling him the visit was regarding Gus, Lalo uses his business card to conceal a razor blade which he uses to slice Casper’s face. He proceeds to leave the worker to bleed out on the floor while he scours the barn for more clues for Gus’s secret project. “There’s someone there, [you] just see a figure and then parting the trees, there’s Lalo,” Giancarlo recalled the start of the scene to the LA Times. “It was so great to work with Tony Dalton, he is a master actor who plays a villainous character with such incredible ease and grace and aplomb. He puts you at ease, he disarms you.” Tony Dalton finally joined the cast of Better Call Saul in season four after being mentioned several times throughout Breaking Bad and its spin-off. DON'T MISS:Big Bang Theory star returns in Young Sheldon for new role [INSIGHT]Bling Empire’s Chèrie Chan speaks out on exit [COMMENT]The Rookie season 4 finale dealt ratings blow after ‘Chenford’ tease [LATEST] Having built up his reputation as one of the most powerful and dangerous members of the cartel, Lalo’s introduction to the series certainly lived up to the hype. Tony’s addition in the later three seasons is now considered a highlight of the already acclaimed series, and Giancarlo was thrilled to have the opportunity to direct one of the series’ finest performers. “It was wonderful to have the opportunity to create that juxtaposition of energy and then to get inside and feel Hitchcockian, feel partly Sam Peckinpah, feel as if something’s about to happen but we don’t know what,” he continued. “And then, when it happens, it happens in a different way than we expected.” “That was a great opportunity for me as someone who doesn’t often get a chance to direct edgy, violent moments. It was really one of the highlights of the episode for me.” Although he made his TV directing debut, this wasn’t the first time Giancarlo has tried his hand behind the scenes, as he also helmed the feature films Gospel Hill and The Show. His co-star Tony recently made his Marvel debut as Jack Duquesne in the hit Disney+ series, Hawkeye. Both actors already have substantial awards buzz along with Bob Odenkirk and the rest of the cast - could this be the episode that pushes Better Call Saul over the edge? Better Call Saul continues Mondays on AMC in the USA and the following Tuesday on Netflix.