Greater Manchester Police said a female officer has been taken to hospital with minor injuries following the crash. Nine people in total were checked over by paramedics at the scene. A spokesperson for Greater Manchester Fire and Rescue Service (GMFRS) said: “At around 3:20pm this afternoon (Monday 30 May), two fire engines from Blackley and Philips Park fire stations attended a road traffic collision on Fernclough Road, Harpurhey, involving a bus and a police car. “Firefighters used one hose reel and a thermal scanner to make the vehicles safe, and nine people were assessed at the scene by colleagues from North West Ambulance Service. “GMFRS crews were at the scene for around half an hour.” Transport for Greater Manchester added Fernclough Road in Harpurhey, Manchester, is closed due to the incident. In a statement provided to Manchester Evening News, Greater Manchester Police confirmed an officer was involved in the accident. They said: “This is a collision between a car – a police vehicle - and a bus on Fernclough Road in Manchester. Report came through to us just after 3.10pm. “Emergency services attended and a woman, an officer, received minor injuries and was taken to hospital. “Both vehicles are being recovered.” Video shared by the Manchester Evening News showed the police car collided with the 119 Stagecoach service. The bus operator announced shortly after 4pm that diversions were in place along Rochdale Road in both directions for numerous services, including the 112, 116, 117 and 119. Numerous police vehicles have been pictured at the scene, as the section of road was cordoned off by officers in both areas. Clouds of thick smoke can also be seen, with the front of both vehicles visibly damaged. Stagecoach Manchester & Wigan confirmed at 5.34pm Fernclough Road was reopened. They said: “We're pleased to say that the police incident on Fernclough Rd had been cleared and the road has reopened. “All services that were affected are back to normal route. “Thank you for your patience and understanding during the incident.” Stagecoach Manchester & Wigan confirmed at 5.34pm Fernclough Road was reopened. They said: “We're pleased to say that the police incident on Fernclough Rd had been cleared and the road has reopened. “All services that were affected are back to normal route. “Thank you for your patience and understanding during the incident.”