The woman claims the neighbours were at home and deliberately ignored her and refused to help her. Sharing her experience on parents' blog Mumsnet, the woman who wished to remain anonymous, explained she had to leave her house to pick up her 10-year-old daughter but she was having issues with the front door. She wanted to ask them to watch her house while she was gone but she was ignored despite the neighbours reportedly answering the door to accept a parcel minutes before that. The woman explained: "I moved in a month ago. "I needed to get my 10-year-old daughter from school, but there was an issue with my front door not closing. What do you think? Join the debate in the comments section below READ MORE: Inside Queen's relationship with beloved granddaughter Zara Tindall  "I could have gone out the back but there was still the issue that the front door would literally not close. "I knocked on houses to see if someone could keep an eye on my door for about 15 minutes. "I could see some neighbours through their windows completely ignoring me or peeking back at me and then disappearing. "The neighbour across from me I couldn’t see, but while I was phoning my mum to collect my daughter for me, she answered the door for a parcel!"  The mum added: "Next door but one completely blank me and have crossed the street when they see me coming. "I didn’t bother knocking on theirs. "One of the neighbours across from me was initially friendly, so I thought. "He came over asking who my landlord was, then preceded to blank me every time after. "I feel like moving again," she said. Other Mumsnet users shared their opinion with one saying: "How rude and very unneighbourly of them. "It must be really dispiriting knowing that you live in such an unfriendly area." Another Mumsnet user said: "I would hate to live on a street where neighbours do not answer their door. Awful."  However, others said this is not unusual as they also hate people knocking at their door. One forum user explained: "I dread the door being knocked. They added they only answer "to couriers and people I’m expecting during working hours"