The Queen celebrates her Platinum Jubilee this year, marking 70 years on the throne. Tonight, ‘A Gallop Through History’ will run through royal history in a theatrical and equestrian performance. During Her Majesty’s reign, the monarchy has seen many significant changes, perhaps one of the most notable shifts came after the death of Diana, Princess of Wales. Diana’s influence lives on through her sons, Prince William and Prince Harry, and the monarchy, which was once steeped in stoic tradition, began to soften. The princess tested the boundaries of being a member of the Royal Family, often to the dismay of the monarch. Andrew Morton, author of the upcoming book The Queen, claimed that the monarch was once “deeply annoyed” by Diana’s wild antics. Writing for The Daily Mail, he explained: “Their joint capers began on Andrew's stag night, when Diana, Fergie and several friends dressed as policewomen, intending to 'arrest' the Prince at the house where his party was taking place. “Afterwards, the women ended up in Annabel's nightclub, drinking cocktails. “Once the story got out, the monarch was deeply annoyed that the future Queen of England had been spotted roaming around London dressed as a police officer, which was technically a criminal offence. “Diana was called in to see her.” However, despite her initial outrage, following their meeting, the Queen did not press the matter further. Mr Morton wrote: “The Princess defended her behaviour, however, as being no more than light-hearted fun. “Allergic, as always, to any kind of emotional confrontation, the Queen did not press the matter further.” Diana remained a permanent fixture in the tabloids throughout the rest of her life. In the years before her death, she and Prince Charles went through a bitter public breakup. DON'T MISS Lady Louise in adorable tribute to Prince Philip — 'Make him proud' [INSIGHT] Prince Harry's Jubilee plan offers clue about feared memoir [REVEAL] Zara Tindall paid tribute to Queen and Prince Philip at wedding [REPORT]  Both the prince and princess admitted to extramarital affairs — Charles’s long-term relationship with Camilla came to light, triggering the couple’s separation in 1992. In a now-infamous interview with Martin Bashir, Diana said there were “three people in [her] marriage”. Shortly after the Panorama interview, the Queen — once reluctant to allow her heir to end his marriage — wrote to the prince and princess urging them to divorce. Diana kept the ‘Princess of Wales’ title but gave up the ‘Her Royal Highness’ style. Tragically, a year after her divorce, Diana died in a car crash in Paris. Mary Francis, an aide to Queen Elizabeth II at the time, claims that the Royal Family’s more contemporary approach developed in the weeks and months following the Princess of Wales’ death. She told Newsweek in 2017: "The Queen had been brought up in a very formal way, and told that that was how a queen was expected to behave, and so making that transition is difficult for an elderly person, and you couldn't expect her to go too far. "The family couldn't help observing how Diana behaved. It rubbed off." Diana’s influence is mostly seen in her two sons, Prince William and Prince Harry. Both have become big advocates for the causes the princess championed. The princes are vocal about mental health and both have proved their devotion to Africa by supporting various charities. Harry recently spoke about the impact his mother has on his current life, saying that he feels Diana’s presence “more so now than ever before”.