Transport for London’s (TFL) Crossrail project has cost an estimated £19bn to build, and is expected to serve 200 million passengers each year once fully operational. The Elizabeth Line will connect Reading and Essex via central London, stopping off at a number of commuter hubs along its journey. Initially, the Elizabeth Line will only be operational in three parts. These are: One of the line's main stations in London, Bond Street, will not open until later this year due to problems during construction. READ MORE: London bus explosion: Five electric buses go up in a fireball  From the Autumn, trains from Heathrow will no longer terminate at Paddington and continue on through the central section of the line. But passengers will have to wait until May 2023 before being able to travel directly from one end of the line to the other. Each leg of the journey will vary in duration. However, most legs will take between eight and nine minutes.  For many travellers, the Elizabeth Line will slash journey times considerably. Popular journeys include: DON'T MISS: Mum whose partner ran off with Ukrainian claims 'she was after him' [NEWS]Elderly couple 'abandoned' for hours after landing at Manchester [EXPLAINER]Michael Sheen claimed Queen 'shoved him away' during OBE event [INSIGHT]  By using the ‘future’ option on the Underground app CityMapper, MyLondon has calculated roughly how long the journeys from the end of the Elizabeth line will take. They are as follows:  Known as Crossrail until February 2016, the service was renamed the Elizabeth Line, in honour of Queen Elizabeth II. In total, the Elizabeth line will travel through a mixture of 41 brand new and refurbished stations. The new stations include: Until next year, passengers wishing to travel the length of the line will need to change at Paddington or Liverpool Street, depending on their destination. Once fully operational, the line will branch off into two separate directions when it reaches Whitehall. One of these will head southeast and terminate at Abbey Wood. The second will take you all the way into Essex before the journey comes to a finish at Shenfield. 