Chloe Brown, a student at Plantation Primary School in Merseyside, was among youngsters helping to green Britain to mark the monarch’s 70 years on the throne. Her school will be planting more than 600 trees this year, alongside exploring how to be more sustainable. The schoolgirl, 10, said: “I feel very proud to be planting a tree for the jubilee as it will last a lifetime. If we don’t have trees we have nothing. Some people treat the environment well but a lot don't, which makes me feel really sad”. She was joined by Luca Jones, seven, who believes more people need to care for the planet. He said: “I felt really proud today planting a tree. It made me really happy. If we don’t care for our planet we won’t have one to live on as we are destroying it. More people need to start taking care of our planet”. The Daily Express Green Britain Needs You campaign is calling on the nation to mark Her Majesty’s Platinum Jubilee by planting trees in her honour. Over 15 horse chestnut trees have taken root in Plantation Primary’s wooded reserve area, and there are plans to open a community veg garden this year. The produce will be put into their “veg shack”, along with recipe cards for children and parents to take home, in a bid to encourage healthier eating. Clare Jones, an outdoor provision coordinator at Plantation Primary School, said: ”It is a great honour to have the opportunity to plant trees to celebrate the jubilee as it is now a living legacy that all the children can look back on as they grow and move through school. “It will be something that they can talk about later in life.”  The school could soon be among 1,200 others that have signed up to the Let’s Go Zero climate campaign which is helping parents, children and teachers reach their goal of being zero carbon by 2030. Clare, 50, believes the outdoor spaces at school have helped children adjust to being back in full-time education following pandemic homeschooling. She said: “Having that opportunity to access the outside is helping to rebuild resilience that has been impacted by lockdowns. “We decided to join in with tree planting as part of the Queen's jubilee celebrations as we are very active in our outdoor areas. “This year so far we have been busy looking at how we can be more sustainable within our school. We collected as many seeds as possible last Autumn to plant and grow, including over 15 horse chestnut trees that we have now planted out within our wooded reserve area.” - To find out more about Let’s Go Zero, visit letsgozero.org 