Rafael Nadal reminded Novak Djokovic that they were playing at his most successful tournament after setting up a rematch with his long-time rival in the French Open quarter-final. The 13-time champion in Paris was knocked out of the tournament by the world No 1 in the semi-final stage last year and will be hoping to get revenge 12 months later. The mind games have already started ahead of the 59th meeting between Nadal and Djokovic. After the Serb came through his fourth-round match in straight sets on Sunday, Nadal joined him in the quarter-final with a five-set marathon victory over Felix Auger-Aliassime and was asked about his upcoming showdown with his biggest rival after the win. The fifth seed appeared to downplay his chances after having worse preparations ahead of the French Open having returned from injury in Madrid where he lost to Carlos Alcaraz before crashing out of the Italian Open in the third round. But he did manage to send Djokovic a reminder that they were in his territory at the French Open ahead of their quarter-final meeting. "Well of course we know each other well, we have a lot of history together," he told Alex Corretja in his on-court interview. "Of course, he came here after winning Rome. For me have been the not ideal situation to arrive here but here we are, we are in Roland Garros. It’s my favourite place without a doubt." JUST IN: Raducanu shares 'first steps' on grass court ahead of Wimbledon return  Looking ahead to the clash, he added: "The only thing that I can tell you, I gonna be focused [from] tomorrow, going to try my best as always. I don't know what can happen but the only thing that I can guarantee is that I gonna fight until the end." The 21-time Grand Slam champion was also full of praise for his most recent opponent after Auger-Aliassime pushed him to a rare five-setter in Paris, in what Nadal called "a very important victory for me without a doubt." Speaking about the 21-year-old, he said: "Yeah he’s a great player without a doubt, one of the best players of the world. "Very young with a lot of power, great mobility and he’s for me been a very, very tough opponent today. I think he did a lot of things well, he have been improving every year. Yeah, U wish him all the very best for the rest of the season, he’s a great guy and a good colleague on the tour so all the best for him." DON'T MISSMurray shares Wimbledon dragon look as he learns first grass opponentFrench Open fans slammed for 'disrespectful' booing of Novak DjokovicNaomi Osaka details terrifying experience running from false 'shooter'    Nadal also admitted he wasn't his best at the start of the match, and explained how the world No 9 was able to keep coming back. "Well I think I didn’t start the match well without a doubt. I had a lot of opportunities in that first set and I was not able to convert one so it was a tough first set for me," he confessed. "And then of course after coming back the next two sets that I finished I think the third playing much better, the beginning of the fourth have been very tough because the first game was 0-30 then 40-0 then I lost that two games. It’s difficult, he has a huge serve, he puts a lot of pressure on you and I was not able to push him back. At the end of the match I felt that I needed to do something else and I am very happy about my attitude at the end because I was able to play more aggressive, and go more often to the net and that makes a difference without a doubt at the end." 