  Karen Hauer took to Instagram today to share some snaps of her demanding physiotherapy session with her 281,000 followers. The Strictly Come Dancing star, 40, admitted that she was “hurting” but explained that the physio was needed in order to reduce her muscle ache as she features in the hit dance programme's live shows across the country.      Karen shared some pictures of herself on the physiotherapy table, as parts of her body were moved around and manipulated to improve her aches and pains. One snap showed her receiving a form of acupuncture beside fellow Strictly dancer Luba Mushtuk, as physiotherapist Doug Jones could be seen smiling in the background. The last photo showed an exhausted Karen looking close to tears as she closed her eyes and put her head on the pillow. Under the snaps she wrote: “Yesterday's day off = Physio. READ MORE: James Jordan's wife Ola addresses 'difficult' family farewell     “Our ONE day off during the week consists of trying to get as much aid to our aching muscles to get us all through our final week of shows. “Dancing is no joke. Not a fairy tale. It hurts. “We do everything in our power to go out there on stage and make it through without anyone knowing and still enjoy it. “Anyone seen my spine?” she asked with two laughing emojis.       Karen finished off by thanking her physio, adding: “Huge shout out to @dougjonesphysio @altiushealthcare for repairing us in such a short amount of time during this entire tour.” Karen’s fellow Strictly star Gorka Marquez, who has been touring alongside her left a comment in reference to her spine. “Probably is with mine somewhere in a theatre,” he penned, as Karen responded with a string of laughing emojis. Karen also updated her fans in a video, which she shared to her Instagram story. READ MORE... Carol Kirkwood hits back at Dan Walker's 'cheeky' remark [LATEST] Rylan Clark urged critics 'lay off' Scott Mills amid BBC replacement [NEWS] Jurassic Park's Laura Dern and Sam Neill weigh in on 19-year age gap [NEWS]     “Good afternoon. Yes, I’m still in bed,” she began. “I’m trying to take advantage of staying in bed for as long as possible and not move. “By the way, if anyone finds my spine in Nottingham, could you please send it to me? FedEx it,” she joked. “You know what, my body’s feeling ok and I had physio yesterday. We had our day off, which was nice. “But yeah, it’s been gruelling and I think that the only part of my body that’s feeling ok right now is my knee,” she said with a laugh.      “It’s the only thing that’s feeling great, because everything else is falling apart! “But you know what? We have our last week of shows. I’m looking forward to it. “I’m feeling very positive and excited to be here in Leeds, Blackpool, Scotland and then finally home to my man and my doggies - I can’t wait,” she concluded, before signing off the message. Last year, Karen suffered a knee injury that forced her to miss out on the Strictly final, but has since made a huge recovery.  