Prince Charles outlined the government’s priorities in a mellow and suppressed tone as he delivered the traditional Queen’s Speech. The Prince of Wales adopted the Monarch’s typically reserved tone of delivery as the Queen was forced to miss the ceremony due to health issues. Daily Express royal correspondent Richard Palmer analysed the Prince’s declaration alongside royal reporter Pandora Forsyth.    He explained: “The Prince of Wales is usually quite a passionate speaker, if you listen to some of his speeches about the environment for example.” Mr Palmer continued: “He read that in a very downbeat way, he almost looked depressed about it. “I think that’s just the style, it’s the Queen's style as well. “It’s a neutral style because the monarch is above politics, they’re not supposed to sound too enthusiastic or too disappointed about the government’s programme’ “He did it very deadpan, but it was quite striking, I thought.”    The royal correspondent suggested the reserved tone of the Prince’s delivery was deliberate in honour of the monarchy’s position beyond government. Ms Forsyth added: “All the pictures and video, it’s certainly a picture we’re not used to. “I think it gave the public a glimpse of what’s to come.” She speculated the historic moment had provided insight into the style of monarch Britain can expect the Prince of Wales to become. Read more: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's UK return pivotal to future projects Prince Charles stepped up in place of the Queen as the monarch continued to struggle with ongoing health concerns. The 96-year-old royal has faced considerable difficulty surrounding her mobility in the last few months. The Queen was also forced to withdraw from royal engagements over Easter, including the Royal Maundy service, as well as the Anzac Day memorial ceremony. Prince Charles honoured the Monarch’s traditional “downbeat” approach to the government address as he filled her position. Don't miss:Question the Queen always asks prime ministers to catch them out [INSIGHT]Queen ‘hid’ from tyrant Nicolae Ceaușescu at Buckingham Palace  [REVEAL]Prince Harry contradicts claims Meghan Markle 'hated' royal tour  [REPORT] The Prince of Wales highlighted key areas of focus for the government over the next twelve months. The traditional line of ‘’My Government” was replaced in speech by Prince Charle’s use of “Her Majesty’s Government”. The address also highlighted the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations set to take place in summer. In a closing statement of the speech, Prince Charles declared: “In this year of the Platinum Jubilee, Her Majesty looks forward to the celebrations taking place across the United Kingdom and throughout the Commonwealth, and to the Commonwealth Games in Birmingham this summer.”   