Thousands of British motorists could suffer under more red tape after Spain’s Directorate-General for Traffic (DGT) revealed its plans to renew licences for people over the age of 65 every five years instead of ten. For drivers over the age of 70, they could be forced to renew every two years and carry out a free medical examination.  It comes as tens of thousands of British expats living in Spain remain banned from using their UK driving licence after the Spanish Government was unable to reach a post-Brexit agreement. Spanish Association of Psychological Medical Centers (ASECEMP), Bonifacio Martín said the proposals were part of wider plans to improve road safety across Spain. He said: “Age is a factor that notably influences the loss of faculties; the older, the more denials and restrictive conditions. “The view is the most important organ in providing information on driving and it is also the one that provides the greatest number of denials and restrictive conditions.” The DGT said plans were to keep everyone safe. The statement said: “What is intended in this way is to increase the frequency of medical and aptitude checks so that continuing to drive is safe for everyone.  READ MORE: 'Won't be able to drive' Horror for British expats in Spain "If during the medical examination an illness or deficiency is detected that, although it does not prevent renewal at the moment, it is likely to worsen, the period of validity of the permit will be shorter." Maria José Aparicio, deputy director for road safety education and training at the DGT, said: “30 percent of those who die in traffic accidents in the European Union are over 65.”  DON'T MISS  British expats in Spain on illegal homes: ‘Talking to a brick wall’ [INSIGHT]Expats losing £5,600 from state pension due to living abroad [REVEALED]Expat community in Spain decimated amid Brexit row [INFO] She added: “That figure applies to all countries and rises to 50 percent for pedestrians and cyclists. “In 2019 in Spain, 28 percent of fatalities in traffic accidents were over 65 and these figures are going to get worse if we don’t do something about it, because the population is ageing.”  Meanwhile, thousands of British expats in Spain continue to be left unable to drive legally in the country after the Government failed to secure a post-Brexit deal. Since the start of May, British nationals living in the country have been unable to drive as the UK and Spanish Government failed to come to an agreement on driving licences after Brexit. The British Embassy is said to be still working on an agreement to allow the exchange of driving licences without the need for a Spanish test.