TThat was the length of his jaw-dropping, career-destroying interview with the BBC’s Emily Maitlis a couple of years back. And it’s been downhill ever since. We don’t need to go through it all again here – the friendship with a convicted paedophile, the utter lack of empathy for the victims, and then a huge pay-out to Viginia Giuffre. But the result is plain for all to see: a pulverised, decimated reputation that will take decades to recover. Given that Andrew is 62, that might be never. Put simply, before he ever appears on the balcony again, he must travel along a lengthy, hard, lonely road. There is no other way. And he may never get there. Earlier this year, it seemed the Queen herself recognised this hard truth, displaying an appropriate ruthlessness. Figuratively speaking, she kicked him right between the legs. She stripped him of his military titles and royal patronages, instructed that he should no longer be called His Royal Highness, and prevented him from being regarded as a working Royal. If Andrew was a peacock, each of his feathers was ripped out in full, painful, public view. By his own mother. It must have hurt her deeply. Yet she was absolutely right. But now something has changed. Suddenly, Andrew is being rushed back into a public-facing role with unseemly haste. First, he escorted her at the service of thanksgiving for Prince Philip – something that left the whole country gobsmacked. Now we learn that he will attend the major royal occasion of Garter Day on June 13. There is the danger that he will be visible during the Jubilee celebrations, when he should be so far away from the cameras as to be completely unidentifiable. Why on earth is all this happening? Well, we learn that Andrew has recently been visiting the 96-year-old Queen every day, with some commentators sensing a scheme to be brought back into the Royal fold. Yesterday, he was photographed driving away from one of his meetings with her grinning from ear to ear. Is he taking advantage of her age and infirmity, her love and affection for him, and, perhaps most of all, her admirable sense of Christian forgiveness? But if the Queen succumbs to such emotional pressure, it will be a monumental error of judgment, the like of which she has rarely, if ever, made. Whether she likes it or not, the public has made up its mind about Andrew. Alright, he hasn’t been found guilty in a court of law but in the court of public opinion, which many regard as far more important, he has been found guilty of stupidity, arrogance and outrageous self-regard. Only someone displaying all those faults at once could give that BBC interview and then, with a stunning lack of self-awareness, say that he thought it had gone well. Good grief. This is the thing about the royals: if they stick humbly to their duty, they retain our admiration.   But they get into big trouble when they assume they’re special not because of a pure accident of birth but because of their own qualities as human beings. Andrew wouldn’t be the first to fall into that trap. But, by God, he’s among the worst offenders. Which brings us, of course, to his mother. The Queen has rarely made any such mistake. For 70 years she has retained our love and respect, never once taking it for granted. But she is human. She is edging closer to 100. Sadly, she hasn’t got many years left. She is ageing visibly. Physically, she is suffering. She has just lost her beloved husband – her rock. It would be entirely unsurprising, and understandable, if she is now showing some mental frailty and emotional vulnerability. Andrew was born with everything. He was the handsome war hero who returned from the Falklands with medals for courage and service. Thanks to his family, he’s fabulously wealthy, and his wedding was watched by hundreds of millions. But he’s now screwed up. And regardless of his mother’s love and natural desire to help, he must face facts. There is no shortcut back into our affections. He must stay out of view.  