This affects those who are in receipt of a specific benefit claimant named Attendance Allowance. Attendance Allowance is a benefit which is administered by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). It is available to those who claim the state pension and are in need of additional financial support. To get this payment, state pensioners must have a long-term health condition or disability which affects them on a day-to-day basis. Money received from Attendance Allowance goes towards paying for the extra costs that arise as a result. Recently, the DWP hiked benefit payment rates, which means Attendance Allowance claimants are able to get over £92 a week in support. However, failure to accurately report a circumstance change to the DWP could result in someone being taken to court. READ MORE: Woman, 88, in tears after losing £36,000 savings - after 'scrimping' for 50 years  Alternatively, pensioners may be forced to pay a financial penalty if they withhold or provide false information about their Attendance Allowance claim. This is because how much someone gets in the DWP benefit is dependent on their individual circumstances. Anyone who needs to update the DWP about any circumstance changes can call the Attendance Allowance helpline at 0800 731 0122. If anyone wants to inform the Government of changes to their circumstances, the helpline for benefit claimants is open from Monday to Friday, 8am to 3:30pm.  Earlier this month, the payment rate for various benefits, including Attendance Allowance and the state pension, were raised in line with the rate of Consumer Price Index (CPI) inflation from last year. This means that payments were raised by 3.1 percent, despite inflation currently sitting at seven percent at the moment. As a benefit payment, Attendance Allowance is awarded at two different rates, one higher and one lower. Currently, the higher rate is £92.40 a week while the lower weekly rate is £61.85 for those in receipt of the benefit. How much a claimant gets in Attendance Allowance depends on the “severity” of their disability or health condition. Those who were able to claim the full amount available from the payment, their monthly allowance would be £369.60. Chloe Smith, the Government’s minister for disabled people, health and work, discussed the importance of people applying for disability payments, such as Attendance Allowance. Ms Smith explained: “Living with a long-term illness or disability can have a profound effect on daily life, both for those with a diagnosis and those who care for them. “So it’s vitally important you are receiving all the help you are entitled to. “Millions of people already receive this support and I would urge anyone who thinks they may be eligible for extra financial help to check online.”