Top Gear is back on BBC One this summer, after a couple of shorter seasons due to the coronavirus pandemic. The beloved car show has reached its 32nd season and all previous seasons have been added to BBC iPlayer ahead of its release. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about when the new series is out. Presenters Freddie, Chris and Paddy will be reunited once more and the new season sees them head off to the US. The first episode will air on June 5, at 8pm on BBC One. The show has teased a raunchy adventure for the presenting trio as they venture off to the States. A first-look trailer has been shared and it shows the gang testing out some iconic police cars from fan-favourite TV shows. READ MORE: Inside Top Gear star's countryside pub They will try their hand at Starsky and Hutch’s Ford Gran Torino and Morse’s Mark 2, to name a few. As well as iconic cars from the past, the trio will look towards the future at some of this year's most anticipated cars. They will be testing the Maserati MC20 and the Lotus Emira, as well as the V12 Lamborghini Aventador SVJ. During an exciting experiment, Freddie will transform a Sinclair C5 into a bobsleigh as a tribute to the late Sir Clive Sinclair.  The Florida road trip includes an uncomfortable airport encounter with Customs officials. In the trailer, viewers can see the presenters having their luggage searched only to reveal a speed gun, a pair of handcuffs and some oily boxer shorts. After June 5, the series will continue to air weekly at the same time and episodes will also be available to watch on BBC iPlayer. There is plenty to look forward to this season, with the presenters throwing themselves into swamp buggy racing in Naples. DON'T MISS... Sally Dexter age: How old is Emmerdale's Faith Dingle star? [EXPLAINER] Scarlette Douglas pays tribute to George Clarke ahead of new show [DISCUSSION] Emmerdale theory: Amelia Spencer's troll exposed in cruel twist [INSIGHT] Their homebuilt buggies will follow a circuit infested with alligators. That's not all, as the team will go Donk racing on Miami's quarter-mile drag strip. As part of the newest official motorsport in the US, classic American muscle cars are modified to produce up to 2,000 brake horsepower. The year 2019 marked a new era for the series as Freddie and Paddy were announced as presenters.  The show also made the move from BBC Two to BBC One following a positive reaction to the new presenting lineup. Restrictions as a result of the coronavirus pandemic made the seasons that followed difficult to film. However, with restrictions now lifted, the show is expected to be bigger and better than ever, and there are more exciting changes still to come. In August 2021 it was announced production would move to BBC Studios Bristol from season 33 onwards, but Dunsfold Aerodrome will still be used for filming. Top Gear returns to BBC One from June 5 at 8pm.