Moon Knight is the newest small screen addition to the Marvel Cinematic Universe, which saw actor Oscar Isaac as the broken but good-hearted lead. Fans of the Disney+ series would have seen Oscar face the challenge of playing Moon Knight, who is a combination of two personalities, Marc Spector and Steven Grant, who fight to take control of the body they share. At times they do co-operate and lean into each of their attributes. The post-credit scene in the finale has some fans guessing what is to come.   Warning: this article contains spoilers for Moon Knight episode six. Although Moon Knight first appeared in Marvel comics back in 1975, for those who only absorb Marvel on the screen, the 43-year-olds portrayal of the role is the first time many viewers had heard of him. For those who have just met the character, six episodes were not enough. The concluding chapter of season one aired on Wednesday, May 4, and bingers have been quick to take to social media to share their thoughts. Many of them were confused by the introduction of a third personality at the end of the episode, Jake Lockley. Read More: The Bay's Daniel Ryan's tribute to co-star ahead of new season 'Can survive cast change' In true Marvel form, you always have to wait until the credits roll to find a surprise. This surprise came in the form of Jake, and although Marc and Steven knew of each other and worked in tandem at times, it would seem neither of them had any idea about Jake and what he did with the body if and when he was in control. In the short clip, Moon god Khonshu (F. Murray Abraham) introduces Arthur Harrow (Ethan Hawk) to Jake, who is just as physically able and as violent as Marc but with less restraint and a hotter temper. His rough and dangerous persona was summed up well in his brief screen time when he didn't hesitate to shoot Harrow.  There have been several points during the season when Marc/Steven ended up with blood on their hands but had no idea where it came from. Could Jake also be at the steering wheel at times and take control of the body to execute Khonshu's more diabolical work? In the comic books, Jake is described as a "rough-and-tumble cab driver with his finger on the pulse of the deepest reaches of the seedy underworld." When they need information Jake comes out to play and gets what they want. DON’T MISS…Outlander theory: Jamie Fraser's ghost explained in subtle fortune teller clue[LATEST]Lily James puts on jaw-dropping display as she flaunts figure in see-through Met Gala gown [LATEST]'It was a big risk' Steph McGovern insists she doesn't care about viewing figures [LATEST] This short but pivotal scene could mean Jake's importance could be revisited at some stage. Mega fan Kimmy Lai was excited to see the arrival of the new character and tweeted: "The Introduction of Jake Lockley at the end credits of #MoonKnight #EpisodeSix is surely surprising... "It was Jake Lockley that Khonshu really wanted to be his Avatar because he does Khonshus bidding without hesitating... #Satisfying Looking forward for Season two..." (sic) @captaincupkicks was so pleased that they couldn't help but shout: "HE'S FINALLY HERE THIS IS NOT A DRILL JAKE LOCKLEY IS FINALLY HERE OH MY GOD THIS IS AMAZING #MoonKnight." (sic)   Similarly, Stephanie Ramirez added: "#MoonKnight Episode Six Spoilers!!! . . . . . . . . LADIES AND GENTLEMEN!!!!! WE GOT OUR F*****G JAKE LOCKLEY!!!!! LETS GO, BABYYYYY!!!!! (sic) "#MoonKnight finale spoilers . . . . Khonshu be like: Marc wasn’t violent enough, let me introduce you to Jake Lockley," @RWerteb joked. The series has not been officially renewed for a second season as it was listed as a miniseries. Fans will have to wait and see whether Disney Plus confirms any new episodes focusing on Jake's story. Moon Knight is available on Disney+.