Vladimir Putin's army has stepped up its attacks in Ukraine's eastern territories, as fierce battles rage across the Donetsk and Luhansk regions. Russian forces appear to be focusing their attacks on Severodonetsk, as they seek to encircle Ukrainian units defending the city. Despite being outnumbered by their Russian foes, the Ukrainian defenders are doggedly hanging on and giving as good as they get. A new video posted on Twitter by "BlueSauron" shows vehicles from a Russian convoy ablaze, with plumes of thick black smoke billowing skywards. Occasional explosions can be observed, as what appear to be ammunition supplies ignite. Most of the vehicles in the supply convoy seem to have been totally obliterated, with only their charred remains visible. The attack took place near Komyshuvakha village, in the Luhansk region, which is located just over 40 kilometres from Severodonetsk. "BlueSauron" wrote: "The Ukrainian Army managed to destroy a Russian convoy on its way to supply Russian/LPR forces in Luhansk Oblast. "The Russian supply convoy was destroyed near Komyshuvakha village, Luhansk Oblast.48°41'36.0"N 38°23'04.7"E Via @aus_forum." Social media users were quick to express their admiration for the abilities of the Ukrainian military and had little sympathy for the Russians. One wrote: "Very nice! Love to watch nice works done by Ukraine forces. "Deserve a big hand! Keep up the good work!" While another said: "Splendid! More of this sort of thing please." Some speculated about the approach employed by Ukraine's military in such attacks. READ MORE: Ukraine war footage captures moment artillery strikes hit Russian base Andrei Taranchenko tweeted: "Ukrainians admitted the strategy is usually to take out front and rear vehicle, then work the column, but didn't say how. "I bet something like an NLAW in the beginning, the team then retreats in order to not be flanked or bombed, and the artilleryy enters the chat." Luhansk's governor reported that the Russians had attempted to break into Severodonestk from four separate directions. Serhiy Haidai said on his Telegram channel that the attempts were repelled by the city's defenders - but that shelling of residential areas continued. He added that a bridge connecting the city to nearby Lysychansk had been destroyed. DON'T MISS'Look how old and grey' Blinken mocked by Russian politician [SPOTLIGHT]Russian soldiers leave disturbing graffiti message to Ukrainians  [REVEAL]Footage reveals tragic reality of Donbas: 'Hell in Ukraine [NEWS] Military analysts from the Institute for the Study of War (ISW) believe the Russians will try to encircle and besiege Severodonetsk, which had a population of just over 100,000 prior to the war. In their May 21 bulletin, the ISW experts wrote: "Russian forces intensified efforts to encircle and capture Severodonetsk on May 21 and will likely continue to do so in the coming days as efforts on other axes of advance, including Izyum, remain largely stalled. "Russian troops in Luhansk Oblast will likely move to capitalize on recent gains made in the Rubizhne-Severodonetsk-Luhansk-Popasna arc to encircle and besiege Severodonetsk—the final Ukrainian strongpoint in Luhansk Oblast. "Russian military bloggers are hypothesizing on the success of Russian tactics in the area and have dubbed it the Battle of Severodonetsk—emphasizing that this is the preliminary line of effort in the Donbas theatre." Russia's Defence Minister, Sergey Shoigu, also claimed the Luhansk region would soon be fully under Russian control in a recent appearance on state TV.