Prince Harry and Meghan Markle made the decision to step down as senior working members of the Royal Family in early 2020, just less than two years after tying the knot. Since his departure, Harry had sparked controversy with comments he has made towards The Firm and various accusations against Royal Family members. Royal biographer Angela Levin has slammed Prince Harry for "abusing his position" after he claimed that he wants to "bring up his children to know about equality". Speaking to GB News, Ms Levin said: "This is another side of hypocrisy, because he said, very recently, that he wants to bring up his children to know about equality. "That all of us, in this lovely world, will all be equal". Ms Levin then referred to reports that Harry is to play a polo tournament around the same time as the Queen's Jubilee weekend, which could mean he'll miss the celebrations. She said: "There he is playing a posh man's game and going on posh man's planes. "There's nothing wrong with that, but you can't say 'I am just an ordinary man like everybody else is', because he's not. READ MORE: Meghan 'stole the soundbite' off Kate in rare Fab 4 outing 'Never saw them together again' "He's abusing his position". The royal biographer noted that "even though he is not a working royal he still has the title". She continued: "He is just going ahead with it because he knows they can't answer back, or won't or are too dignified to answer back". In the GB News interview, Ms Levin also comments on how Harry is trying to "destroy" the monarchy and that his actions "must be upsetting the Queen". Referring to Harry's NBC Today interview, Ms Levin claims that he "pretends he wants to look after her [the Queen]" but that "he's only there when he wants". READ MORE: Heartbreak for Queen as Archie to spend third birthday away despite Harry's pledge In March 2021, Harry and Meghan sat down for a two-hour "bombshell" televised interview with Oprah Winfrey. During the tell-all interview, the couple spoke about their relationships with other royals and spoke candidly about how being in ‘The Firm’ had affected their mental health. Meghan also revealed that she had suicidal thoughts during her time as a senior royal. Harry also spoke on how his early twenties and early thirties were riddled with anxiety. DON'T MISS One of the most shocking revelations, during the interview, was the alleged racism the pair experienced since Meghan joined the royal family The Duchess of Sussex claimed that, prior to Archie's birth, an unnamed royal had commented on “how dark” their baby son's skin would be. On their way to the Invictus Games in the Netherlands last month, the pair made a UK pitstop to visit the Queen at Windsor Castle. During his NBC Today interview, Harry revealed that he and Meghan had had tea with his grandmother. Referring to the visit, he said that  “being with her, it was great".