Feeling embarrassed if they were seen doing it, believing it’s a waste of time and not having any spare time are other reasons why youngsters haven’t put themselves forward for certain roles. Nearly a fifth said nothing sparks their interest while a quarter wouldn’t know where to start or how to get involved. Despite this, 43 percent of Gen Zs do carry out some form of volunteering up to three times a month - with helping the elderly, working with children and supporting the less fortunate being the most common ways. The research comes as Samsung UK partners with volunteering platform, DoIt, for National Volunteers’ Week (1st – 7th June), to showcase the breadth of unique opportunities available across the country. Nearly half of those who do volunteer don’t do it as often as they would like to. Whereas 45 percent of those who don’t admitted they would be more interested in taking something up if there was easier access to a wider variety of volunteering roles. Sophie Edgerley-Harris, Head of CSR at Samsung Electronics UK, said: “Volunteering our time has become easier than ever. The ever-growing digital world has revealed a huge range of opportunities which young adults can lend their hand to; whether using content creation skills to help a local charity increase their support base, or peer-mentoring another young person. "Our colleagues are offered three days a year to take part in volunteering activities, but we want to extend this further by giving a fresh look at volunteering and equipping young people with the information they need to engage in purpose-led, meaningful work. "It's an amazing way to do something different to your 'everyday', develop new skills, meeting new people and give back to society.” Of those who do currently volunteer, 46 per cent started because of lockdown, while 38 percent do it because they were influenced by friends and family. More than half said it makes them feel happy and 47 percent are fulfilled. A further 44 percent feel a sense of accomplishment while more than a fifth admit to being out of their comfort zone. The study, conducted via OnePoll, also found 38 percent would have been more inclined to take up volunteering if it was part of the curriculum while they were still in education. Animal rescue and care, helping the unwell and wildlife conservation were among the top sectors youngsters are most interested in. Working with children and helping the less fortunate also ranked highly on the list. While puppy raising, being a sight guardian and podcasting were some of the more unusual roles that sparked an interest among all those polled. To help spread the word to young adults across the nation, Samsung UK has enlisted the support of TV presenter and volunteering enthusiast, Laura Tobin. She said: “It’s great to see a shift in attitudes to volunteering but there’s still progress to be made in changing the perceptions of it being outdated. “That’s why I want to help showcase some of the unique, incredible opportunities that are available, helping young adults easily find a role with purpose whilst developing their own skills.” For more information on the roles available and how to sign up visit: https://www.samsung.com/uk/explore/kings-cross/lifestyle/. TOP 10 QUIRKIEST VOLUNTEERING ROLES GEN ZS ARE INTERESTED IN