Manchester United are on the verge of completing their first transfer since Erik ten Hag was confirmed as the club's next manager. Ten Hag will oversee the start of an overhaul across the first team this summer, but there is also active recruitment within United's youth ranks. And according to talkSPORT, United have agreed a deal with Stevenage to sign highly-rated goalkeeper Elyh Harrison. The Red Devils are understood to have successfully tabled a six-figure fee for the 16-year-old, beating several Premier League rivals to his signature. Harrison will join the host of promising goalkeepers United boast in every age group throughout their talent-rich academy set-up and high-profile first team. And while he's yet to make his senior debut, the teenager also has experience among Stevenage's senior squad. Earlier this season, Harrison, 15 at the time, joined The Boro's first-team training and warmed up with senior goalkeepers before a League Two match. He was handed his opportunity amid an impressive campaign in the U18s, which many top-flight clubs have seemingly recognised. JUST IN: Man Utd stars accused of 'trashing each other' as reaction examined It goes without saying that Harrison is one for the future, and he will likely immediately join up with United's thriving U18s once he arrives. Travis Binnion's side are set for a third-place league finish and have reached the FA Youth Cup final ahead of a memorable night at Old Trafford on Wednesday. United have sold over 60,000 tickets as the club's U18s face Nottingham Forest for the chance to clinch a record-extending 11th FA Youth Cup success. It would be the first time the Red Devils have won the famous competition since 2011, when Paul Pogba, Ravel Morrison and Jesse Lingard were stalwarts of the side. READ MORE: Neville's 'shock' warning to Man City as Liverpool hopes given 'boost' Victory against Forest would make Harrison's arrival all the more anticipated at the start of a huge summer at Old Trafford. In the first team, Ten Hag is expected to ring the changes even after losing several players on free transfers on July 1. Phil Jones, Eric Bailly, Axel Tuanzebe, Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Alex Telles and Anthony Martial are just a handful of contracted players facing uncertain futures at the dawn of the Dutchman's rebuild. And he's set to be significantly backed to bring in a few signings of his own in a bid to drag United from their current all-time-low rut. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.