Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has been criticised by Craig Burley for not bringing Timo Werner on against Liverpool in Saturday's FA Cup final defeat. Liverpool beat Chelsea on penalties at Wembley as Werner remained an unused substitute. The Germany international has hit a bit of form of late after struggling for the majority of his spell at Stamford Bridge so far. He has scored four goals in his last eight appearances in all competitions. Just like in the Carabao Cup final between the two sides, Saturday's showpiece clash ended 0-0 after 90 minutes. Tuchel was permitted five substitutions on the day, two more than in the Premier League before the rule changes next season. But Werner was not introduced against a tiring Reds team, who lost Virgil van Dijk to injury. Former Chelsea midfielder Burley says Werner would have helped to exploit Liverpool in the extra period and cannot understand why Tuchel did not bring him on. READ MORE: Liverpool 'strike another Porto agreement' over £12.7m talent after Luis Diaz success  He said on ESPN FC: "Thomas Tuchel is difficult to figure out at the moment in terms of who is putting on, who he's selecting to start. Timo Werner, who's had a troublesome time at Chelsea, in all fairness in the last few weeks his form has been better. "He's looked sharper, he's looked in a better place and yet, okay he doesn't start, but guess what, when Liverpool were knackered, the one thing he'd do is run in behind. He's fast, he's pacey, but he doesn't even get off the bench today yet he's been having one of the better periods of his Chelsea career. "I kind of think Thomas Tuchel is throwing mud at things at the moment and seeing what sticks. I don't think he knows what his best team is, certainly his frontline, he doesn't know who's going to get the goals for him. DON'T MISSMan Utd outcast 'ready to quit' with Newcastle keen unless he gets Erik ten Hag guarantee [REPORT]Man Utd plan shock move for Chelsea star N'Golo Kante after Erik Ten Hag request [RUMOUR]Man Utd stars pulled apart from 'full-on scrap' in training as horror season hits new low [REPORT]  "But it's just weird when people are starting to hit a little bit of form from where they've been, he doesn't even get any minutes in a cup final when Liverpool are tired." Liverpool legend Steve Nicol agreed the decision not to use Werner at all was a strange one. But he believes it is typical of Tuchel's management style. Nicol said: "Yeah it is strange because he's kind of done that with all the front guys. "They're in and out and in and out, and Werner is a good example, all of a sudden he plays like four or five games on the trot, and then we're thinking 'this guy's getting better', and all of a sudden he's not playing. So you do have to question that."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here