Merseyside Police have asked Everton to provide their observations after their forward Richarlison picked up a lit flare after netting what proved to be the all-important winner in Sunday's 1-0 triumph over Chelsea at Goodison Park. The Football Association have now decided to pause their investigation while the police co-operate with the Toffees.  Emotions were running high amid the heat of the Premier League relegation battle following Burnley's 2-1 at Watford on Saturday. Shortly after half-time, Richarlison robbed Cesar Azpiliceuta of possession before cooly slotting past Edouard Mendy. The Brazilian international then picked up the object while celebrating, before hurling it back towards the stand. Everton supporters inside the ground have since pointed out that Richarlison threw the flare away from where fans were sitting but Merseyside Police want answers. An Everton club spokesperson said: "We will look into the matter but, as far we are concerned, Richarlison was attempting to throw it out of the ground." Meanwhile, the FA have since paused their investigation that could see Richarlison slapped with anything from a three-match ban to a fine. However, Express Sport understands the early indications are that Richarlison will escape a ban and instead face a financial penalty. Liverpool's Harvey Elliott also escaped a ban following the Reds' Carabao Cup final triumph over Chelsea at Wembley in February.  Elliott was pictured holding the flare during his side's celebrations, prompting the FA to contact Liverpool for their observations. Jurgen Klopp made it clear he would speak to his player about his actions, ensuring he will "not do it again." Pyrotechnics are banned inside all football stadiums in England, which is why the FA were forced to investigate both incidents. Everton manager Frank Lampard was full of praise for his frontman after he helped Everton secure a priceless three points in their quest for survival. “I prodded Richy pre-game because he always gives that sort of effort but it has to be directed in the right way, in terms of energy and output to put people under pressure,” Lampard said. “When he gets his chances he has to be clinical. For the level of striker he can be, he has to be clinical and he was today." Any ban - although currently unlikely - could reportedly take up to two weeks to come into effect. The Toffees return to action at Leicester on Sunday before facing Watford (A), Brentford (H), Crystal Palace (H) and Arsenal (A).