Princess Charlotte has recently started gymnastics according to Kate Middleton, who said “it’s so good for their basic skills of balance and coordination”. The Duchess continued: “Charlotte is really into gymnastics, she’s doing cartwheels, handstands, everything.”  Prince William chimed in: “And their flexibility, it’s really good for their long-term health, isn’t it? “We went to watch the Cirque du Soleil recently, it was amazing.” Charlotte is not the only one with a new hobby, as eight-year-old George has also started playing the guitar. Both Charlotte and George reportedly take ballet lessons, with Prince William saying: “Charlotte, particularly, is running around the kitchen in her dresses and ballet stuff and everything.  READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'in limbo' over being royalty and celebrity “She goes completely crazy with Louis following her around trying to do the same thing.” Princess Charlotte celebrated her seventh birthday earlier this month and is currently attending St Thomas’ School in Battersea. It appears the Princess likes to keep busy, as she has been doing hobbies since she was 17-months-old, including horse riding which is reportedly one of her favourites. Sport appears to run in the family, so much so that they installed a tennis court at their country home in Norfolk so they can practice their skills.  DON'T MISS:BBC blasted as Nick Robinson forced to apologise [COMMENT]'Selfish' neighbour causes mum to be awake at 5.30am every day [INSIGHT]Fury over plan to build huge Berlin Wall-style fence next to main road [PICTURES] An insider source revealing how Princess Anne's daughter Zara Tindall, who rode for Great Britain at the Olympics, got involved. They said: "William and Kate were really keen to get George riding – it's something all the royals do and the whole family adore animals. "But obviously he's only small so they didn't want to put him on a big horse. They asked Zara if they could use one of her Shetland ponies and he's been learning to ride on one of those." This latest news comes as the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are expected to make a permanent move to the Windsor Estate with their three children – Prince George, Princess Charlotte, and Prince Louis. It appears the couple’s top choice is Adelaide Cottage, which is located right next to Windsor Castle where the Queen currently resides. 