Cristiano Ronaldo made a swift exit when Manchester United figures started celebrating following their 1-0 win over West Ham in January, according to reports. The Portugal international cut a peripheral figure throughout the showdown. But Marcus Rashford’s dramatic late winner was enough for the club to claim all three points. Back in January, United faced off against West Ham looking to boost their chances of qualifying for the Champions League. And though they weren’t at their best throughout the match, they won the game late on courtesy of a goal from Rashford. In the aftermath, United players and staff members were thrilled with the victory. One of Ralf Rangnick’s assistants, Ewan Sharp, even remarked that he’d remember the celebrations ‘for the rest of his life’. However, according to The Athletic, Ronaldo opted to make a swift exit. This, it’s added, may be down to the fact the 37-year-old felt such celebrations should be kept to ‘events of bigger significance’. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings The manner of his swift exit was quick and quiet’. And he headed out the door along with other players who were due on international duty. United’s win over West Ham ultimately ensured they finished above the Hammers in the Premier League table. However, both teams ended up missing out on a place in the top four - preventing them from qualifying for the Champions League in the process. Ronaldo and United will now play in the Europa League instead, a tournament they won during Jose Mourinho’s spell in the dugout. Yet they were beaten by Villarreal in the final last year, losing on penalties after David De Gea saw his crucial spot-kick saved. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Ronaldo has been linked with a move away from United given their struggles under Rangnick and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer this term. However, speaking recently, he signalled his intentions to stay for the Ten Hag era. "What I know about him is he did a fantastic job for Ajax, that he's an experienced coach," said the 37-year-old recently. "But we need to give him time. "Things need to change the way he wants. "I hope we have success, of course, because, if you have success, all of Manchester is going to have success as well. I wish him the best. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz "We are happy and excited, not only as players, but the supporters as well. "I wish him the best and let's believe that, next year, we are going to win trophies." Jamie Carragher, however, thinks Ten Hag would be wise to get rid of Ronaldo to focus on building around younger players. "I'm convinced [Ten Hag] has got to do it with Ronaldo. I'm convinced,” he said. “Whether he's allowed to or not, and I've said this consistently through this season, that was not a good signing. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Cristiano Ronaldo is one of the greatest players of all time, and I'm seen as the guy that's criticising Ronaldo. "Ronaldo's a miles better player than I was; I couldn't even lace his boots, obviously. But I'm not saying that to be disrespectful to him - he's amazing. “Ronaldo has never played in a team this bad. He's always played for great teams. His attitude of trying to be the main man, getting the goals, driving people on; when you're in a great team, they're seen as positives. "When you're not playing for a great team, it can be seen as a negative, and I think it has been a negative this season. “Man United can't go into next season with a forward who's going to be 38. Even if he does score goals, that's not right for Man United - one of the biggest clubs in the world."