Jamie Redknapp has warned Liverpool that they cannot afford to entertain the idea of selling Sadio Mane to Bayern Munich, insisting that the Senegal star is just as important to the Reds as Mohamed Salah or Luis Diaz. The German giants are reportedly interested in prising Mane away from Anfield in the summer. Reports in Germany earlier this week claimed that Bayern are ready to splash the cash in the summer and have earmarked Mane as a potential target. Mane - just like Salah - will have one year remaining on his current Reds deal at the end of the season. The Anfield hierarchy have struggled to thrash out an agreement with either Mane, but Redknapp has warned Liverpool that they cannot afford to cash in on Mane - even if the Reds are blessed with attacking options after Diaz's stunning start to life in the Premier League. Redknapp told Sky Sports: "He is an incredible player. He sets the tempo, works extremely hard when he has not got the ball, but scores goals. He can finish it with a header, a volley, he has every single technique that you want. I have been so impressed with him and he is a vital component in what Liverpool have done over the years. READ MORE: Dortmund announce Karim Adeyemi deal just hours after Erling Haaland joins Man City  "There has been talk of Bayern Munich wanting him, but you can’t let this guy go. He is so important, and is as important as any of the front three whether it is (Luis) Diaz, (Mohamed) Salah, you need to keep him here." While Salah is often considered as the Reds' main man, Mane and Diaz have been the ones driving Liverpool's quadruple push in recent weeks. Mane has enjoyed one of his best campaigns since moving to Merseyside back in 2016, bagging 22 goals in 48 games. Diaz meanwhile, has made an electric start to life in England since he joined the club back in January. The Colombian winger even teed up Mane to head home the winner in Liverpool's crucial 2-1 win over Aston Villa on Tuesday night to keep their title hopes alive. DON'T MISS...Man City's Erling Haaland deal draws comical post by Aymeric Laporte Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel gives salty reply to Haaland questionLineker hits back at Man Utd hero Evra for scathing Guardiola attack Eyebrows were raised when Salah started the crunch clash on the bench - but Klopp insisted that keeping players fresh is the only way that the Reds can keep their ambitious quadruple bid alive. As well as their midweek trip to Villa Park, Liverpool are set to face Chelsea in the FA Cup final at the weekend, while they also have a date against Real Madrid in the Champions League final coming at the end of the month. Speaking before the match, Klopp told Sky Sports: "Yes, for us it is the only way. We cannot just push players through all the time. We have the quality and that’s why we use it."