The latest news emerging from the war in Ukraine shows heavy losses for Russia’s military, while Ukrainian forces continue their counter-attacks, reaching the Russian border near the north-eastern city of Kharkiv, a hugely symbolic moment for resistance against Putin’s unprovoked invasion. Meanwhile, Finland has officially confirmed its application to join NATO, and Sweden is believed to be hot on its heels, proving that Putin has failed in his attempts to destabilise NATO: in fact, the opposite now appears true. Former Conservative MP for Braintree, Brooks Newmark, has helped save over 7,500 people from Ukraine in recent months, working on the ground to single-handedly help civilian victims of this bloody war. He has travelled the length of the country helping people flee the war. Having spoken to a number of Ukrainians, Mr Newmark said the country is very grateful for the support it has had from the UK and other Western allies. As a result of this, however, he said that Russian President Vladimir Putin is "annoyed", and said the UK may soon have to engage in direct conflict with Russia's forces. Mr Newmark told Express.co.uk: "Putin already thinks he is at war with us. We should stop this pretence that we are going to annoy Putin. "Putin couldn't be more annoyed, he already thinks we are involved in the war and he already thinks he is in a battle with NATO. "We were prepared to go into Iraq and Afghanistan, Ukraine is a European country and on our border. "We can't just sit by and see what happened in Bucha, see the devastation, and stand by while Putin ups the stakes with these war crimes. "Putin committed war crime after war crime in Syria, we saw the devastation in east Aleppo. He thinks he can march into Ukraine and kill with impunity." He went on: "My approach is much more hawkish on this than most. My view is that if he continues down the track that he is, we may have to stand up and be counted. We may have to get involved in this war in a more direct way. "If we can't do that, we must give Ukraine every piece of military assistance possible." Prime Minister Boris Johnson recently addressed the Kyiv Parliament, pledging a further £300million to help Ukraine. It appears that the weapons sent to Ukraine have proved vital – this week, reports are indicating that Russia has suffered another setback. Ukraine troops counter-attacking near the north-eastern city of Kharkiv have reached the Russian border, says the regional governor. READ MORE: Russia has ALREADY lost war in Ukraine as Putin's military 'decimated' Troops restored a Ukrainian sign marking the border, says Oleh Sinegubov, while video purports to show soldiers at the frontier. Ukrainian forces have been retaking territory in north-eastern areas in recent days, as Russian forces focus on the Donbas region further south. Russia's inability to take over Kharkiv should be regarded as a defeat for the country, according to General Sir Richard Barrons, former commander of UK Joint Forces Command. He told BBC Radio 4's Today Programme that "it was just way too big an objective for the Russian military" adding that it "doesn’t have the numbers, the will or the skill to take large cities". General Barrons said: "When [the Russians] got stuck round outskirts, it became an easier target for a very aggressive and successful Ukrainian counter-attack, and trying to sit around Kharkiv became much less important than the fight underway in the Donbas." DON'T MISS Putin 'needs another army' to hold on to Donbas as war set last years Macron is trying to hijack Brexit by the back door with EU lite pl... Ukraine LIVE: Desperate Putin threatens nuclear weapons The Ministry of Defence has claimed that Russia is likely to have lost a third of the invasion force. In its latest assessment, the Ministry of Defence (MoD) said the Russian campaign in the east of Ukraine had “lost momentum” and was now “significantly behind schedule”. At a meeting of NATO foreign ministers in Berlin, the Foreign Secretary, Liz Truss, said it was essential to maintain support for the government in Kyiv to help it “push Russia out”. She said in a statement: “Putin must face a sustained defeat in Ukraine, Russia must be contained and such aggression must never happen again. “Ukraine’s security must come from it being able to defend itself. Allies must support Ukraine’s move to NATO-standard equipment, immediately providing artillery, training and the required expertise.” The NATO deputy secretary general, Mircea Geoană, said the Ukrainians were now in a position to defeat the Russians and win the war. He told reporters: “The brutal invasion of Russia is losing momentum. “With significant support from allies and partners in billions of dollars, in military support, in financial support, humanitarian support, we know that with the bravery of the Ukrainian people and army and with our help, Ukraine can win this war.”