The 96-year-old was greeted with a standing ovation as she arrived in the castle arena at the Royal Windsor Horse Show. Phillip Schofield and Julie Etchingham were the two ITV stars tasked with fronting the coverage which involved everything from jaw-dropping equestrian acts to a moving monologue from Helen Mirren. However, a series of tech mishaps and frequent advert breaks led to many viewers pleading with the BBC to air the coverage instead. ITV’s offering, as with every show it airs, was littered with commercial breaks which many felt distracted from the flow of the celebrations. But one blunder which left fans less than impressed was when Doc Martin star Martin Clunes took to the stage. The actor said to those in attendance: “Our diplomatic missionary and military organisations spend centuries discovering, exploring and creating trading partners that have stood the test of time. “Captain Cook, Captain Franklin and Captain Bly in their ships discovering the Northwest Passage, Australasia and Polynesia.” READ MORE: Richard Madeley sparks fury as he blasts ‘skiving’ civil servants What followed was a musical theatre performance of the aforementioned captains and their stories. Her Majesty could be seen watching on with intrigue as she took in the events unfolding. However, eagle-eyed fans spotted a mishap with Martin’s introduction. As he appeared on-screen, the name of Homeland star and fellow Jubilee attendee Damian Lewis were written below. And that was enough for some fans to vent their fury at ITV for the disjointed coverage. Graham said on Twitter: “B****y @ITV you are ruining this showcase event. “Too many unnecessary films, not enough coverage of the actual event and now calling Martin Clunes Damian Lewis #PlatinumJubilee #horseshow." Kat agreed: “Can't help thinking the #platinumjubilee would have been done a lot better by the BBC. It's been rubbish. DON'T MISS:GMB guest rips apart ‘appalling’ anthem booing 'Bad manners to boo!' Tipping Point's Ben Shephard blasts Boris in coin machine comparisonPiers Morgan fumes over Jacob Rees-Mogg's interview with BBC's Naga “Who involved Tom Cruise? And @Schofe talking over everything. Bring back Huw Edwards.” Andy B pulled no punches with their take: “If anyone wants to know why this country needs the @bbc you just need to see this debacle that @itv have thrown together tonight. #FFS #platinumjubilee #itv #bbc.” Tanya quipped: "Martin Clunes was just named as Damien Lewis? All OBEs look the same to Her Majesty #PlatinumJubilee." Referring to the Martin moment, in particular, Joe tweeted: “This genuinely was the most ITV moment in history. “Win the bid to cover the Queen’s #PlatinumJubilee celebration over the BBC & then show everyone why they shouldn’t watch you in times of national importance: Philip Schofield doing a Top Gun junket interview with Cruise was.” And Rose concurred: "Since when did Martin Clunes change his name. This is dreadful #PlatinumJubilee #itv #shouldofbeentheBBC." (sic) Other famous faces in attendance included Tom Cruise, Omid Djalili, Alan Titchmarsh and Adjoa Andoh. The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee Celebration is available to stream on ITV Hub now.