It was recently confirmed that Meghan Markle and her husband, Prince Harry, will be returning for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June. A spokesperson for the couple said that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex “excited and honoured” to mark the monarch’s monumental milestone in the prince’s home country. The Sussexes will be bringing their two children — Archie Harrison and Lilibet Diana — marking the couple’s first visit with their family. Following their secret meeting with the Queen last month, it was reported that Meghan and Harry had been invited to join the Royal Family for the iconic Buckingham Palace balcony scene during Trooping the Colour. However, it has since been announced that only working royals will accompany the monarch during her birthday parade — effectively excluding Harry, Meghan and Prince Andrew. The Sussexes and Duke of York have been invited to attend other Jubilee celebrations. It is yet to be confirmed what events Harry and Meghan will attend, but one royal expert thinks it will benefit them to be seen with the Royal Family. Russell Myers, royal editor at the Daily Mirror, has claimed that Meghan and Harry could be returning for the celebratory weekend to “stay relevant”. Speaking about their decision to come back to the UK on this week’s episode of Pod Save The Queen, he said: “One may argue that to stay relevant that they’ve got to be seen — regardless of whether they walked away from the Royal Family — they’ve got to be seen to be still a bit royal. “It’s good currency for them, they’re still using the titles to great effect. “The fact that they put the statement out 18 minutes after the BP (Buckingham Palace) one tells me that they are very, very keen to be noticed.” Mr Myers noted Meghan’s recent Netflix blow that saw her animated series ‘Pearl’ shelved amid widespread, cost-cutting moves following the streaming giant’s reported loss of 200,000 subscribers. He said: “Let’s look at what is going on at the moment, Meghan has been dropped from her Netflix debut, they still haven’t produced any content for Netflix or Spotify — of note — Meghan’s podcast isn’t really off the ground yet. “And it’s the Platinum Jubilee! These images are going to be seen by millions, if not billions, of people. “So will we see them on the balcony, or with the other royals at the pageant on the Sunday, my guess is yes. “I definitely think we will see them at some stage. I think it would be extraordinary if we didn’t. “They will want to be seen. It is a massive, once-in-a-lifetime event. “It serves their purpose in promoting their brand — brand Sussex is still a thing regardless of whether Sussex Royal has been taken off.” BBC One and iPlayer will lead the broadcast of Platinum Jubilee content showing special programmes such as Platinum Jubilee: Trooping the Colour and Platinum Beacons: Lighting Up The Jubilee to warm up the weekend, followed by the main event — the Platinum Party At The Palace. DON'T MISS Queen's absence from Parliament saddens fans 'not ready' for future [INSIGHT]Platinum Jubilee celebration: Schedule as Queen honoured by celebs [REPORT]Prince Harry given plan to address hair loss after 'doomed' admission [REVEAL] The events are expected to attract a TV audience of up to a billion people. On Sunday, the Platinum Jubilee Pageant will bring to life iconic moments from the Queen’s reign as well as showcasing our changing society over the past 70 years. 10,000 people are involved, including the military, over 6,000 volunteers, performers, key workers and 2,500 members of the general public. National treasures and iconic figures from music, film, sport and the arts will take part in the Pageant including much-loved celebrity names, such as, Ed Sheeran, Sir Cliff Richard and Jayne Torvill. The Queen’s attendance at each event will be confirmed on the day in question. Due to ongoing mobility issues, the monarch has had to pull out of various public engagements, including the State Opening of Parliament on Tuesday. However, Her Majesty did make a surprise appearance at the Royal Windsor Horse Show on Friday, showing that the monarch remains keen to mark her Jubilee with her family and the public.