The Duke and Duchess of Sussex signed a deal with the streaming service back in 2020 after departing royal duties. Meghan, 40, and Harry, 37, signed a deal – estimated to be worth around $100m (£72m) – with Netflix to create content that “informs but also gives hope”. So far, no content has been published by the couple however, a fly-on-the-wall documentary is reportedly in the works. Meghan and Harry are reportedly taking part in an "at-home with the Duke and Duchess of Sussex-style" docuseries, a source has claimed. Page Six quoted a producer source as saying about the series, “the timing is still being discussed, things are up in the air.” The outlet claims Netflix bosses would like to air the show at the same time as the release of Prince Harry’s highly anticipated memoir. While the Sussexes are reportedly keen for the project to air at a later date. Nile Gardiner, a former aide of Margaret Thatcher, issued a savage takedown of the couple when commenting on this reported series. He described the show as sounding “awful” and claimed the couple were “exploiting” their tie to the Royal Family. In a tweet, the foreign policy analyst wrote: “This sounds absolutely awful. “There is no end to the vanity, hubris, and exploitation of the Royal titles by Meghan/Harry.” READ MORE: Princess Anne makes first royal visit to York since it ditched Andrew Camera crews shadowed the couple during their trip to the Netherlands last month, with the footage said to be used in a documentary entitled Heart of Invictus. The project is set to be released later this year. It focuses on the contestants who attended this year’s Invictus Games, the sporting event launched by Prince Harry in 2014. Netflix’s film crew have also been reportedly allowed behind the scenes at the couple’s home in Montecito and joined the Sussexes' on their New York trip last September. It’s not yet known what will be included in the rumoured documentary, but a source said: “I think it’s fair to say that Netflix is getting its pound of flesh.” DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry's publicity plans exposed as couple return to UK [INSIGHT] Prince Harry and Meghan's new TV show 'smacks of desperation' [REVEAL] Tom Cruise holds dazzling Kate's hand as William walks alongside [REPORT] One other show the couple had in the works was scrapped by Netflix amid a series of cost-cutting measures after their subscriber figures plummeted. An animated series with the working title ‘Pearl’ was due to follow the adventures of a 12-year-old girl who finds inspiration from numerous key female figures throughout history. Meghan was expected to serve as executive producer for the series alongside David Furnish, Elton John’s husband. At the time of announcing the show was in the pipeline, Meghan said: “Like many girls her age, our heroine Pearl is on a journey of self-discovery as she tries to overcome life’s daily challenges.” There has been speculation that the couple could be filmed during their return to the UK next month. Harry and Meghan released a statement saying they were “excited and honoured” to be making a trip to Britain for celebrations for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. For their trip in June, the couple will be joined by their two children Archie and Lilibet. The occasion will mark the first time the Sussexes have visited the UK as a family of four. The trip will give the Queen the chance to meet her great-granddaughter Lilibet ‘Lili’ Diana in person for the first time. The young tot turns one on June 4 so is likely to mark the milestone on UK soil as Jubilee celebrations run from the 2nd - 5th June. Representatives for Netflix and the Sussexes were contacted by Express.co.uk for comment