Garden weeds can not only ruin the whole aesthetic of a garden, but they can end up sapping the nutrients from the soil and prized plants. Luckily, there are a good few methods to zap these plants from our plots and restore order. Plus, these approaches don't require reaching for the bottle of chemicals, either. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Fiona Jenkins, gardening expert at MyJobQuote has shared “excellent” solutions for achieving a weed-free garden this summer. The gardening pro claimed that baking soda allows gardeners to rid weeds that gather next to plants “you don’t want to harm”. She said: “Baking soda is an excellent method for targeting specific weeds that have emerged among flowers or plants that you do not want to harm. “Because baking soda is a powder, you must wet the plant to get the powder to stick.” “Then, sprinkle one tablespoon of baking soda over the weeds and allow it to do its work.” Gardeners can reapply if the weeds haven't yet disappeared after four to six weeks. READ MORE: Gardening: Alan Titchmarsh shares how to avoid weeds ‘reappearing’ To stop weeds from growing patios, baking soda can also be sprinkled in the cracks. Fiona added: “Baking soda will keep the weeds from growing in the first place. Repeat this process every few weeks.” For those looking for instant results, they can use boiling water to kill their weeds. The gardening guru said: “Pouring boiling water on the roots of the weeds causes instant force and kills the weeds and any dormant seeds in the soil. “It’s an excellent solution for walkways, garden paths, and driveways because the weeds die within a few days.” However, gardeners do need to take care when using this method, as boiling water can damage other plants. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to clean washing machine drawers - 'cheap and effective’ [COMMENT]Laundry: How to save on energy bills drying your clothes [TIPS]Pests: ‘Inexpensive’ and ‘simple’ way to get rid of woodlice [EXPERT] Another kitchen staple that can be used to “effectively” kill weeds is white vinegar. Fiona explained: “Acetic acid, the main chemical in vinegar, is also very effective at killing weeds. “All you need to do is pour it into a spray bottle and sprinkle on the plants of your choice. “If you are hoping for something with a little more bite, there are horticultural kinds of vinegar, which typically have a higher acid value and are therefore more effective. “They must be handled with greater caution because they are corrosive and, therefore, can burn the skin, damage the eyes, and erode the exterior of your tools.” It’s important to exclude light when dealing with persistent or numerous weeds. To do this, gardeners can cover the soil with a wet newspaper printed in black ink only or with brown cardboard with two inches of straw or compost on top of that. The gardening pro said: “Newspaper prevents weeds from getting the light they require to grow. “There will still be persistent long standing weeds that survive, but the majority will not grow. “Of course, this works best when you're setting up a new garden bed or garden space.” Those who have tried these methods and still can’t seem to get rid of weeds, Fiona suggests that it is best to cut off their heads. She said: “Deadheading buys you a few weeks before the weed ‘seed rain’ begins. “In addition, cutting back the tops of weed species, such as bindweed, minimises reseeding and forces them to use their food reserves and root buds, limiting their spread. “To take down towers of ragweed or poke, you'll need pruning loppers, or you can upgrade to a string trimmer with a blade connection to cut prickly thistles or undergrowth down nubs. “Then, when they go to seed, it will help keep them from spreading.”