Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola has revealed that he is still yet to address his team since they were knocked out of the Champions League by Real Madrid earlier this week. Two quick-fire goals from Rodrygo with six minutes to go sent the semi-final clash to extra time, 5-5 on aggregate, before Karim Benzema completed the Los Blancos comeback in the 96th minute to send the Santiago Bernabeu into a frenzy. Winning the Champions League has been a major target for Guardiola ever since he entered the Etihad Stadium dugout. And the Spaniard does not appear to have taken the defeat lightly, refusing to talk to his squad until the day before their crucial Premier League match against Newcastle. City remain top of the Premier League and every game is seen as a must-win with second-placed Liverpool just a point behind and ready to capitalise on any mistake. But the pressure of the match hasn't been a distraction for Guardiola. Asked about the reaction from his players ahead of Sunday's game, the former Barcelona boss said: "We didn't speak. No words can help for what all of us feel. It is just a question of time, sleep as well as possible and think of the next target. "Tomorrow will be the first day we are together and we are going to talk about who we are as a team, what we have done in the semi-final. How good we have been not just in these two games but all season and try to do it over the last weeks. "It is probably one of the moments since I am manager I am most proud to be in this club and organisation until the last day we are here we give everything together. I'm not thinking about the title, I'm thinking about Newcastle, focus on the team and Eddie Howe. After, this is what is in my mind. Not necessary to think just in case, we achieve what it is."  Chelsea tipped to sign 'new Varane' as Antonio Rudiger replacement [QUOTES]Napoli star Osimhen 'chooses' between Arsenal and Manchester United transfer [GOSSIP]Liverpool's five-year plan under Klopp complete after 'comedic' Tottenham show [COMMENT] 