All Creatures Great and Small remains one of Channel 5's biggest success stories and fans across the globe have fallen in love with the somewhat dysfunctional family. Anna Madeley plays housekeeper Mrs Hall in the escapist TV series, and she is known and loved for her selfless nature. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about where the star is from. Anna Madeley will be returning for the upcoming third season of All Creatures Great and Small, which will air later in 2022. At the end of the latest season, she was trying to hide her concerns about the looming war. The housekeeper was also exploring a new romance with Gerald Hammond (played by Will Thorp) and this could continue in the new season. Although Madeley has a thick Yorkshire accent in the series, she is actually from London. The British actress, 45, attended the North London Collegiate School and began her acting career as a child. READ MORE: Gogglebox fans call for Giles and Mary to be cut from show She performed with the Royal Shakespeare Company for a number of years before being cast in ITV's The Royal. As well as her numerous West End roles, she starred in Channel 4's Consent and Netflix's The Crown. More recently she was one of the main stars in the series Deadwater Fell and appeared in Anatomy of a Scandal. The star opened up about how she was able to take on a convincing Yorkshire accent in All Creatures. She told Masterpiece: "I worked with a lady called Natalie Grady, who does a lot of voice work here. "She’s great because you do want the accent to be personal to somebody - you don’t want it to be generic Yorkshire. "I work with her just before a series starts and every now and then something comes up and I might ask her a question because what I love is she won’t just say, 'This is how you say it.'" The star said one of the things she loves most about her character is her "lust for life". She added: "When you talk about her relationships, she’s an epitome of that community. DON'T MISS...‘I wasn't a big fan’ Outlander's Caitriona Balfe speaks on key change [INTERVIEW] Is Samuel West from All Creatures Great and Small an animal expert? [INSIGHT] Samuel West age: How old is the All Creatures Great and Small star? [EXPLAINER] "She’s someone who will step up when you’re in trouble. Whatever it is that she can, she’ll do for you. "And I think that nurturing spirit in her, and her emotional courage, her wisdom. But she has wit with it, as well. "She’s in a funny spot, in a way—she’s at a point in her life where she’s had her child—but she manages to make a family out of the people she’s around. "She’s someone who carves out that community." Fans of the actress are keen to find out what is in store for her character in the third season. They are still wondering whether she would ever stand a chance with veterinary boss, Siegfried Farnon (Samuel West). The pair care deeply for one another but they have never seen their relationship in a romantic sense. Fans are rooting for a Siegfried and Mrs Hall romance, but Madeley said her character enjoyed being independent. She said Mrs Hall would be "stepping out of her comfort zone", but this does not mean a romance is entirely off the cards.  All Creatures Great and Small is available to watch on My5, with season 3 airing later this year.