As ABC’s hit procedural drama The Rookie is fast approaching its season four finale, actress Mekia Cox opened up about what the cast gets up to behind the scenes. During the interview on The Kelly Clarkson Show, she also revealed why their antics made her feel bad for the directors.  Nathan Fillion, who leads the cast of The Rookie as John Nolan, surprised Kelly Clarkson on her talk show during her 40th birthday episode. As the series was also Kelly’s “favourite show”, she was amazed when the actor introduced the rest of the cast. This included Mekia Cox, Alyssa Diaz who played Angela Lopez, Lucy Chen’s Melissa O’Neil and Tim Bradford star Eric Winter. During the episode, the cast was quizzed about behind the scenes and was asked to reveal what they get up to.  READ MORE: TalkTV's James Max shocked as caller cuts off heating to save money After confessing they have “a lot of fun”, Nathan shared: “When we're waiting between takes and we’re all hanging out we’re taking too much time to get back to set. “Because we’re talking, we’re laughing, we’re playing games,” and confirmed, “we play a lot of games.” Mekia admitted: ”I feel bad for the directors because they come in and their job is to get through the day and get through all of their scenes. “But they usually have to add, when we’re all there at the same time, they have to add an hour to the day.”  “They know we’re going to be talking, playing games.” To which Eric added: “It can be a bit of chaos, in a good way.” Alyssa stated: “They don’t like scenes with us together anymore. “We used to be in the roll call room all the time and if you notice, as the seasons on we’re not in there as much anymore because we don’t compare our days anymore.”  DON'T MISS...Tom Cruise jibes at James Corden after quitting Late Show [INSIGHT]The Rookie spin-off dealt huge boost after backdoor pilot [INSIGHT]The Rookie’s Nathan Fillion recalls how Barbra Streisand crashed party [INSIGHT] As the crew portray a team of LAPD officers who investigate crimes together, their friendship is translated on screens. As Kelly Clarkson was celebrating her birthday, she asked the cast about their memorable birthday moments. Nathan recalled: “I had gone nearly a decade without having a party, I’d forgotten and someone ‘It’s time you have to have a party now.’” To which Kelly spouted: “It's kind of stressful.”  In agreement, the actor responded: “It can be, but I had someone say ‘I’ll take care of all the arrangements,’ and I rented a restaurant and had like 350 people there.” “Barbra Streisand showed up,” Nathan announced. As the studio audience roared with amazement, Kelly shared she had the same birthday as the legendary singer. At which he quipped: “Happy Birthday Barbra.” Although there is another episode of The Rookie on the way, the season finale will premiere the following week on May 15. The Rookie continues Sunday on ABC in the USA and Thursdays on Sky Witness in the UK. 