In January 2020, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle announced that they were stepping down from their roles as senior working members of the Royal Family. The couple declared that they were going to "work to become financially independent" and a few months after their departure, in September 2020, they disclosed their deal with Netflix. However this week, it was revealed that Netflix had cut an animation series, titled Pearl, that the Duchess was due to work on. The axe announcement has sparked questions over a potential Meghan and Harry royal return. Royal correspondent Richard Palmer discussed this on Daily Express' Royal Round-Up live. Speaking to Pandora Forsyth, Mr Palmer said: "I think, as you say, it's symptomatic of a wider problem for Netlfix", before adding that it is "a bit of a blow for Meghan. He continued: "What is has done is raised, again, the question of how long can they keep this going and will they have to think about returning to the fold. "Or will they continue to be able to earn a living from Netflix and other projects." The royal expert concluded: "There have been one or two other projects that they're involved in where it sounds as if either the bosses or the staff aren't too happy about the input they've got from Harry and Meghan so far". READ MORE: ‘Frogmore is bigger’ Andrew could be on collision course with William over Windsor move Pearl was due to show the adventures of a 12-year-old girl being inspired by leading women throughout history. For her now-cancelled project, Meghan was due to be credited as creator and executive producer of the series. Elton John’s husband David Furnish was also going to be credited as producer of the series. The reason for the axe is that the streaming platform had to make some cutbacks. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan poised to SNUB Queen's Platinum Jubilee In a statement released at the time of the announcement, Meghan described the story as “a journey of self-discovery” that “celebrates extraordinary women throughout history”. She added that “David Furnish and I have been eager to bring this special series to light”. Netflix have revealed that it has had its first major drop in subscribers in a decade. DON'T MISS Prince Harry in 'much better spot' than Meghan Markle [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry 'going nowhere' as royals left 'scrambling' for deals [ANALYSIS]Dr Shola hits out at royals as she demands reparations [VIDEO] This led to the axe of Pearl and a few other animated series that were upcoming. Despite the axe of Pearl, the Duchess is working on a podcast series titled Archetypes. The podcast series will centre around women's labels and stereotypes and is due for release this summer.