FIA race directors Eduardo Freitas and Niels Wittich were reportedly in disagreement behind the scenes over the heavy rain that blighted the start of the Monaco Grand Prix. Martin Brundle was among those to question the procedure that saw the race delayed by over an hour, and according to Sky Sports' David Croft, the duo who took over from Michael Masi did not see eye-to-eye over the issue. The iconic Monaco GP was due to get underway at 2pm (BST) on Sunday afternoon, but rain on the grid sent teams into a frenzy. Mechanics were soaked to the bone adjusting the cars to cope with the unexpected weather conditions before drivers were forced to retreat to the pits after two formation laps behind the safety car. An hour came and went as the race directors waited for the track to dry up. And with many questioning why drivers were not being readied after the rain stopped, Sky Sports revealed murmurs that Freitas and Wittich were at odds over how to approach the restart. DON'T MISS: Monaco Grand Prix LIVE: Carlos Sainz leads after race start delayed in wet conditions  The new race directors will have to cope with plenty of attention this season after being instated as Masi's replacement. The Aussie was the subject of an investigation after last season's controversial finale, which saw Max Verstappen pip Lewis Hamilton to the world title on the final lap in Abu Dhabi. The FIA seemingly moved to take all the responsibility off one person's shoulders, and instead share the role between the experienced duo of Wittich and Freitas. Neither are particularly well-versed in F1 specifically, however, and there may have been a divergence of opinion regarding how safe to play it regarding the rainfall in Monaco.  The natural downside that comes with sharing the race director role is the difficulty that comes with a split opinion, and whose should ultimately prevail. Wittich began the season as the top dog, but the duo's brief stipulated that they would alternate throughout the year, and Freitas has been race director for the past two Grands Prix with Wittich stepping down to a deputy role. One of the pair's key issues during their early weeks in charge has been the jewellery and underwear row that the likes of Lewis Hamilton and Sebastian Vettel have objected to. The FIA have decided to crack down on rules banning drivers from wearing jewellery and piercings during competition, in stark contrast to the approach adopted in recent years.  Hamilton suggested that he could boycott future races when the issue was first brought up in Miami. The Brit is unhappy due to a nose piercing that cannot be removed without minor surgery, while Vettel remains keen to make his own choices both on and off the track. There was a possibility that Hamilton could face consequences, or even a race ban, once his initial deadline to comply with jewellery regulations expired in Monaco. But the FIA have extended the crucial date to June 30, which gives the Mercedes superstar until the British Grand Prix to decide whether he wants to play ball.