Stu (played by Bill Fellows) was kicked out by Yasmeen Nazir (Shelley King) earlier this week on Coronation Street after he was arrested for supposedly breaking into a wholesaler's warehouse. Taking pity on the newcomer to the ITV soap, Ken Barlow (William Roache) took him in and might not realise the connection he has to his stepdaughter, Tracy Barlow (Kate Ford). It's fair to say the mother of one was not happy to have the formerly homeless man living with her but will she think differently about him when she discovers he is her uncle? Not realising Stu had become a lodger in their home, Tracy ran downstairs to her stepfather and told him to call the police. Ken was bewildered as to what all the commotion was about but the florist soon explained as she said: "Yasmeen's hairy lodger is sat on our bog smoking." "I did say Stu could stay the night in Amy's room, he had nowhere else to go and it was late," the soap stalwart remarked before apologising to his stepdaughter. The mother of one replied: "Yes, you should have done and whilst you were at it, you should have told him how to lock our bathroom door." "My fault, it won't happen again," Ken remarked, with Tracy telling: "Too right because you are going to chuck him out on his ear." READ MORE: Susanna Reid fumes at GP's workload moaning ‘Can't diagnose ourselves' Stu hastily came down the stairs to explain himself, with the newcomer covering his modesty with Amy Barlow's (Elle Mulvaney) dressing gown. "Look, I'm sorry. Can I just apologise for that regrettable incident upstairs?" Stu said, with Tracy telling him not to get any closer to her. "And who said you could wear our Amy's old dressing gown?" she asked in annoyance, with Stu replying: "I thought it was a spare. "I'm sorry, I will take it off," he remarked as he tried to undo the robe, with Tracy informing him to just leave it when he left the Barlow residence. "I will fumigate later," she added before rushing out of the house to work, leaving her stepfather to have a word with Stu about how long he was staying. As a thank you for letting him stay, Stu cooked himself and Ken a cooked breakfast but he would have liked Tracy to join them. He wanted to make amends with her but he told the soap stalwart: "I don't think me and Tracy are destined to be housemates. "No offence, but she seems to be a bit high maintenance," Yasmeen's love interest told Ken, who agreed with the newcomer to some extent. Although this conversation about Tracy could be purely innocent, Stu could know he is the florist's uncle as he could be the brother of the late Ray Langton (Neville Buswell). The former character was a womaniser, who married Deirdre Barlow (Anne Kirkbridge) in 1975, two years before she gave birth to their daughter. DON'T MISS...Daniel Brocklebank frets as NHS sent to Ukraine - 'Yet, UK wait hours' [COMMENT]Corrie’s Bill Roache admits he ‘really fancied’ Queen when they met [COMMENT]Rula Lenska health: Star, 74, on the 'difficulty' of hearing loss [COMMENT] Due to a scandalous affair he had, their marriage broke down and he later fled to Holland when his daughter was only very young. This meant Ken raised Tracy as his own and she has only ever seen the soap veteran as her father, despite meeting Ray in 2005. During his month-long stint on the cobbles, he was introduced to the grown-up version of his daughter and a one-year-old Amy. He informed his daughter he was dying of stomach cancer and he wanted to reconcile with her before he passed away. Although she was reluctant to accept his forgiveness, she eventually made amends with him and they attended Ken and Deidre's second wedding together. At the reception, Ray died and Tracy was heartbroken to have lost her birth father for a second time but not much about his family life has been discussed since then. It could be he got in contact with Stu before he died but having heard what his brother did by abandoning his daughter, the formerly homeless man could have wanted little to do with him. With his life taking a turn and spending years living on the streets, Stu could have always contemplated going to see his niece. However, given how he was living, he thought she would turn him away and she would want nothing to do with Ray's family. Despite now living on the cobbles with her for a fair few months, he could still be plucking up the courage to tell her who he is. However, given how frosty she had been towards him, he could decide he wants to keep his true identity a secret for the time being. As he spends more time with Ken, he could find himself finding it harder to conceal his secret and as they enjoy a drink or two, he could blurt out the truth. Ken sees Tracy as his daughter and he could be rattled to discover one of Ray's relatives is lingering nearby and could take her away from him. Will Ken tell Stu to keep quiet and will he manipulate the situation to ensure Tracy never discovers her link to the newcomer? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.