Stranger Things season one dropped on Netflix on July, 15, 2016 with Winona Ryder as the biggest name attached to the project. Set in the fictional town of Hawkins, Indiana in 1983, the first run comprised of eight episodes following the disappearance of schoolboy Will Byers (played by Noah Schnapp). He went missing after he was cornered by a strange monster while heading home from a game of Dungeons and Dragons with his friends.  Season one followed his friends Mike Wheeler (Finn Wolfhard), Dustin Henderson (Gaten Matarazzo) and Lucas Sinclair (Caleb McLaughlin) trying to find him. Meanwhile, he was stuck in the Upside Down and desperately trying to hide from the monsters living there. His mother Joyce Byers (Winona Ryder) and older brother Jonathan (Charlie Heaton) were also desperately trying to search for him. As well as Will’s disappearance, a strange girl with a shaved head wearing a hospital gown turned up in Hawkins. She escaped from the mysterious Hawkins Laboratory, where sinister scientist Dr. Martin Brenner (Matthew Modine) was conducting experiments on her. Agents from the laboratory came after her but she managed to evade them and hid in the woods. As Will’s friends tried to find him, they encountered Eleven (Millie Bobby Brown) and end up looking after her. READ MORE: Stranger Things: Is Dr Brenner really Eleven's dad? Nancy Wheeler’s (Natalia Dyer) best friend Barb Holland (Shannon Purser) ended up getting killed after the Demogorgon attacked her at a party. Barb was dragged into a swimming pool while she was waiting for Nancy, who was busy making out with boyfriend Steve Harrington (Joe Keery). Jonathan was taking photos at the party when he captured a shot of the creature who killed Barb. Nancy was left distraught by the death and blamed herself but couldn’t tell Barb's parents the truth, instead faking Barb had left town. Eleven later found Barb’s body in the Upside Down with a strange, slug-like creature coming out of her mouth. The show's creators confirmed Barb's death would be dealt with in season two. Using a sensory-deprivation tank, the group channelled Eleven’s powers to locate Will in the Upside Down. Will was rescued from the Upside Down and the Demogorgon by police chief Jim Hopper (David Harbour) and mother Joyce after they broke into Hawkins Laboratory. They found him in the monster’s nest after his hiding place - the Upside Down version of Castle Byers - was destroyed. He was unconscious with a tendril down his neck, leading Hopper to resuscitate him and bring him back into the real world. DON'T MISS...Stranger Things: Did the experiments on Eleven happen in real life? [INSIGHT]Is Dr Brenner from Stranger Things based on a real person? [ANALYSIS]Stranger Things: Who is Tammy Thompson in Stranger Things? [EXPLAINER] Nancy and Jonathan attempted to kill the Demogorgon by luring it to the Byers’ home, however their trap failed at the last minute when Steve unwittingly showed up. The Demogorgon turned up at the school, where Will’s friends and Eleven were using her powers to find him in the Upside Down. Eleven’s powers also attracted the attention of Dr Brenner and his colleagues from the laboratory, who were trying to re-capture her. Using her powers, Eleven managed to kill many of the people who were after her and the Demogorgon. Will recovered in hospital and eventually reunited with his friends after he was discharged. However, he ended up coughing up a slug-like creature and had a vision of the Upside Down. Eleven’s powers took a toll on her and she collapsed from using them, however, she escaped from the Hawkins Lab scientists. She disappeared from Hawkins and her location unknown, however, Hopper left parcels of her favourite food - Eggos - in a box in the woods for her. Stranger Things season two picked up a year after season one in 1984 around Halloween as Will continued to struggle with his visions. His brief flashes into the Upside Down revealed a huge Shadow Monster in the distance which looked like it was getting nearer and seeping into the real world. Stranger Things season 4, volume 2 drops on Netflix on July 1