A Metallica fan entered the band's latest gig in Brazil 39-weeks pregnant and left with a newborn baby. Joice M Figueiró bought tickets to Metallica's gig three years ago, long before the pandemic, but the Couto Pereira Stadium show was pushed back two times. The legendary metal band finally hit the stage this week - and it was a night to remember for Joice. The day after giving birth she noted that people in the queue joked that she would "have the baby" during the show. She never thought the joke would become a reality. Joice recalled the event on her Instagram account, which was shared by Metallica's official account. After feeling absolutely fine during the first two support bands, she began to feel funny during Metallica's set. Before long, she began having contractions and had to go sit down to await the ambulance. However, there "was no time," and the rock music had to give birth there. After delivering her son she wrote on her Instagram account: "I'm great physically and trying to understand how this happened. Thank you for everyone's love and concern." Joice added: "When would I have imagined that I would be at the @metallica show 39 weeks pregnant and this boy decides to be born right there." The new mother joked that every time she goes to a show "something has to happen". "But this time I think I've outdone myself haha," she added. Her husband, Jaime Figuieró, also expressed great emotion over the song that his son was born in the middle of. Joice gave birth to the boy while Metallica were playing Enter Sandman. And this track has a great meaning to Luan's father. Jaime said: "The boy was born at the end of the show, (during) the last song, the most famous, the one that my father liked the most." "There was no better script for the story," Jaime added. "I cried a lot with emotion. The song itself has a meaning because it was the one that my father like the most." (sic) Joice then shared the name and time of birth for her new son. DON'T MISS...Metallica Lars Ulrich: 'We're always under-rehearsed' [NEWS]Metallica: James Hetfield was almost replaced by another band's singer [INFO]Metallica: Lars Ulrich reveals unexpected favourite song to play [INSIGHT] She wrote: "Luan Figuieró came to the world on 05/07/2022 at 23:15 shaking all the metal structures haha." She previously joked that her new child ought to be named James Ulrich - after Metallica's singer, James Hetfield, and drummer, Lars Ulrich. Joice called the entire day "very crazy". SOURCE / SOURCE