The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were seen on the red carpet of the long-awaited Tom Cruise film Top Gun in Central London. The couple looked elegant in matching black and white. William opted for a smart Alexander McQueen tuxedo and Crockett & Jones black shoes. The shoes stood out as they were embroidered with two aeroplanes. The plane – one on each shoe – was the F-18 Super Hornet, designed to be both a fighter and attack aircraft. This pays homage to the Top Gun movie as it tells the story of the Navy’s top aviators, Pete “Maverick” Mitchell.   The Prince’s tuxedo was velvet and he wore a matching velvet bow tie. There was a white handkerchief in his tuxedo’s pocket. William finished the look with a white shirt and a smart pair of black trousers. His shoes, though, were the main talking point. On the Duke's feet was a pair of black velvet loafers embroidered with a bright silver F-18 plane. Crockett & Jones is a luxury shoe brand with prices for loafers ranging from £395 to £625. William’s shoes seem to be bespoke, which means they were made especially for him by the designers. DON'T MISS: Queen attendance uncertain for rest of Jubilee [NEWS]Royal Family 'has 'become a show' that is 'dangerous' for Britain [OPINION]Harry spotted playing polo in Cali sunshine [PICTURES] William and Kate’s outfits complimented each other perfectly as Kate also wore black and white. She looked ravishing in a tight-fitting floor-length Roland Mouret black dress, featuring a white bandeau. The dress is called the Lamble Off-The-Shoulder Two-Tone Gown, in Black/White. Although it is unknown how much Kate’s dress is, Roland’s designs start at a whopping £2,903. Royal fans were quick to comment on the couple’s outfits tonight, with many praising their looks. Twitter user @cadimamartins said: “A wonderful look in black and white. A very elegant couple. They are beautiful.” User @simonla98755493 wrote: “Nice looking couple. Always coordinated without being over the top about it.” User @Pooja33719735 added: “Both the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are looking incredible tonight!” User @fawltybeach said: “She doesn't even need sparkle to take your breath away...absolute elegance and glamor! And Prince William's shoes!!! Totally cool!” Twitter user @Igontaweddings noted that the Duke has worn velvet on many occasion in recent months saying: “William in velvet again…sweet!” The Prince sported a green velvet blazer by Reiss in October 2021 to attend the Earthshot Prize Awards Ceremony with the Duchess of Cambridge. He looked dapper in a velvet suit jacket at the Royal Variety Performance in December 2021 – a very similar jacket to the one he wore tonight but in a dark blue. William once again wore velvet back in September last year, when he attended the James Bond No Time to Die premiere in central London.