Selling a property can be a stressful process, especially when viewings take place. When it comes to property viewings, first impressions count. A messy driveway, an untidy front garden, peeling paint and even dirty windows can make a buyer think twice about a home. When entering a home, buyers will be looking for certain features. Whether it’s more space, good storage or a bigger garden, sellers need to be prepared. Interior design guru Kate Watson Smyth, founder of Mad About The House, has shared exactly how sellers can make their homes more appealing to buyers. There are many ways homeowners can make a home more attractive to a buyer, but Kate said the “first thing” sellers need to do is “declutter”.  READ MORE: Weeding tips: ‘Super effective’ way to naturally kill paving weeds She said: “The first thing is to declutter. “People often move because they want more space and they will be on the look-out for storage. “Making sure that everything you have fits into cupboards will give the impression of a spacious well-kept home. “Then you need to demonstrate that you have done the boring jobs so they can spend money on the fun stuff - soft furnishings and personal touches.  DON'T MISSHow to keep foxes, badgers and cats out of your garden [INSIGHT]Kate & William: Inside Adelaide Cottage- 'much better option' for home [UPDATE]Rightmove names seaside price hotspot - average home sells for £1.2m [ANALYSIS] “So carry out any repairs - doors that stick, cracked window panes, wobbly door handles - people remember the touch points.” Next, Kate suggested making the front garden or driveway look tidy and well-maintained. She also suggested removing any clutter from the hallway to make it look bright and welcoming. She explained: “Given that people make up their minds about a house within the first few seconds, you need to make sure the approach - front garden/drive is tidy and well-maintained and that your hall is bright and welcoming. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Hide the clutter of coats and shoes in the car outside or under the bed if you have to but make sure the hall looks good.” However, if there is something major that needs updating in a home like plumbing or electrics, Kate suggested leaving it to the experts. While it may be tempting to try and save money before putting a property on the market, tackling an electrical or plumbing job could cause more damage or be dangerous for the homeowner. For those who are planning to move, it may not be a good idea to decorate a home in a way that could deter prospective buyers.  Kate added: “If you are planning to move in two years or less then it's probably not the time to paint a huge mural on the ceiling as that might well deter prospective buyers.” A home with neutral decor is more likely to appeal to a wider audience. Replacing carpets with new ones and ensuring they are also neutral colours will also appeal to more buyers. A clean, fresh-smelling home with neutral decor tends to smell more quickly than those with bright walls, clashing carpets and damp smells.