Sky News' Kay Burley pressed Conservative Party Chairman Oliver Dowden on potential chaos that could ensue if Sinn Feinn wins a majority at Stormont today. It is expected that the Irish nationalist party will emerge as the largest in Northern Ireland for the first time ever. Ms Burley warned that as a result, Boris Johnson could go down in history as the Prime Minister who oversaw the breakup of the United Kingdom. She said: "If Sinn Fein takes power, we could find ourselves in a position where Boris Johnson is the Prime Minister that oversees the break-up of the union." Mr Dowden struggled to dodge the question as he responded: "Let's wait and see what the results are in Northern Ireland. "If there is a sustained majority of nationalist opinion in favour of a united Ireland, that would have to be put forward in a referendum. "That is beyond the power of the United Kingdom government. We would have to allow that to happen if that was the case." JUST IN: ‘Carry on Boris’ Readers rally behind PM as best leader for Tories  Ms Burley added that "all eyes would turn to Scotland" if Northern Ireland broke away from the UK. Mr Dowden claimed the Sky News host was "jumping too many steps ahead". While the Conservative's historic losses in London have made headlines, the biggest story of the day could be in Northern Ireland. For a century, a pro-British Unionist party has held power in the devolved government. However, fall-out over Brexit looks set to end the Democratic Unionist Party's 20 years of control. A Sinn Fein victory would raise the constitutional question of a referendum on Irish unity. Meanwhile, in London, Labour has seized control of Wandsworth and Westminster city council in historic victories. DON'T MISS: ‘Carry on Boris’ Readers rally behind PM as best leader for Tories [POLL]Britain is back! Rees-Mogg axes mountain of useless EU rules [COMMENT]Tories lose first council as Boris braces for Wandsworth defeat [LIVE BLOG]  London Mayor Sadiq Khan said people there had voted to spite Boris Johnson - joking that the PM had been a "vote-winner for Labour". Westminster has been Tory-held since it was created in 1964. Polling expert Professor Sir John Curtice said that London is "clearly a one-party Labour chiefdom". Liberal Democrat leader Sir Ed Davey has hailed the performance of his local election candidates as he praised voters for "sending a message" to the Prime Minister. 