Ronnie O'Sullivan's career prize money total has now risen past a whopping £12million after the star beat Judd Trump in the World Championship final on Monday to net a cool £500,000. O'Sullivan got his hands on the first big cheque in his snooker career by winning the British Open and UK Championship at just 18 years of age. Prize money started flooding in for 'The Rocket' as he took the world by storm with his superb exploits at such a young age. With 39 ranking tournament wins, alongside 38 minor and non-ranking titles, O'Sullivan has picked up millions of pounds in prize money on a regular basis throughout his career. And according to The Scotsman, his win over Trump at the Crucible has seen him surpass the £12m mark to showcase a superb career. O'Sullivan, now 46, was on £11.6m prior to his win over the Bristolian. The winner of the World Championship receives a staggering £500,000 - with the star breezing past Trump to win 18-13. That saw him add to his impressive total in what can only be considered a glittering career. His win also took him on to seven title wins at the Crucible, equalling the record set by Stephen Hendry. And the Scotsman aired his surprise at how long it took O'Sullivan to match his tally. "I'm actually surprised it's taken him so long to win seven," Hendry said. But O'Sullivan responded by insisting he is not too bothered about records. "I think it meant more to him [Hendry] than me to have seven world titles but we will share it," he said. "Hendry is an absolute legend of the game. It is just a number - I do not get too caught up in that. I've never bothered about records! Don't get me wrong when you get them, it's kinda nice. "But I've never performed well if I'm going for stuff like that, I've just tried to enjoy my game, compete and enjoy being on the circuit and enjoy what I do and work hard at my game. "I honestly don't have targets. I've loved every tournament this year, I just love playing. I like to win but it's not the be-all and end-all. I love competing with the guys and being around the guys."