The woman needed to pick up her 10-year-old daughter from school, but she was having trouble shutting her front door. Not wanting to leave her house unsupervised, she went to ask her neighbour for help. But after knocking on their door, she did not receive a response even though she had witnessed them answer the door moments earlier to accept a delivery, reports The Mirror. Taking to Mumsnet, she wrote: "I moved in a month ago. I needed to get my 10-year-old daughter from school, but there was an issue with my front door not closing. I could have gone out the back but there was still the issue that the front door would literally not close. "I knocked on houses to see if someone could keep an eye on my door for about 15 minutes. I could see some neighbours through their windows completely ignoring me or peeking back at me and then disappearing. "The neighbour across from me I couldn’t see, but while I was phoning my mum to collect my daughter for me, she answered the door for a parcel!"  The mum described her neighbours' actions as "so rude", and is convinced they are treating her negatively because she "doesn't fit" in with the neighbourhood.She added: "I’m beginning to think it’s because my face doesn’t fit, if you know what I mean. Next door but one completely blank me and have crossed the street when they see me coming. I didn’t bother knocking on theirs. "One of the neighbours across from me was initially friendly, so I thought. He came over asking who my landlord was, then preceded to blank me every time after. "I feel like moving again."  People in the comments were divided with their opinions, as while some agreed that her neighbours were being rude, others said they too would ignore the door if they were not expecting a visitor or a delivery. One person said: "How rude and very unneighbourly of them. It must be really dispiriting knowing that you live in such an unfriendly area." While another added: "I would hate to live on a street where neighbours do not answer their door. Awful." But someone else disagreed, stating: "I dread the door being knocked, I only answer to couriers and people I’m expecting during working hours."