The struggling dad shared a picture of the letter he had received from his neighbour on Reddit. The man interpreted the letter as a passive aggressive dig about the state of his garden. The Daily Star reported the letter from the man's neighbour asked if he would be able to mow his lawn more regularly going forward.  The author of the letter added that they don't want the man's house to "look abandoned". The neighbour wrote: "Congratulations! "You mowed. That's twice so far this year, I believe. "Can you keep it up? Maybe weekly? Or at least every other week?   READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share tips for removing black mould - ‘works a treat’ "Your neighbours would be very grateful if your house did not look like it was abandoned." But the father, who is from the US, had a more than adequate reason for letting his grass grow long. The man has been taking care of his newborn baby and his five-year-old child while his wife is in hospital recovering from postnatal complications. In the comments on the man's Reddit post, he said: "Context, I haven’t been able to care for my yard as much as I would like over the past few months because we had our second child back in February and I’ve been single-handedly caring for the newborn and our five-year-old while my wife has been in the hospital recovering from postpartum complications.    DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share ‘great’ hack for cleaning wooden floors [COMMENT]Phil Spencer shares ‘number one tip’ for updating the home on a budget [VIDEO]Houseplants: ‘Virtually impossible’ indoor plants to kill [EXPERT] "At no point has my yard been out of compliance with city or Home Owner Association ordinances, and at no point has anyone bothered to approach me directly about the matter. "Instead, we just received this anonymous passive-aggressive letter in the mail. "They even postmarked it and sent it through the mail, rather than walking a few doors down and speaking to me like a human being." Commenters on the Reddit post were quick to rally behind the man. One person said: "Nice 'welcome to the neighbourhood' letter. Hopefully whomever it is hears why the mowing wasn't done and feels bad. I know I would. "Congratulations on the new baby and all the best to you and your family. Things will get easier. Breathe." Another added: "You know what woulda been nice? If your neighbour came and asked you if everything was okay and if you needed some help since they seem to have a lot of time to stare at your lawn and write and mail letters while assuming you’re just lazy." 