Prince Harry moved to the US after his and Meghan's royal exit in early 2020, which has meant he has spent less time with the Royal Family. It has been reported, on the latest episode of Royally Us, that, since his move stateside, Harry is "missing" the Cambridge children, in particular Princess Charlotte. The 7-year-old apparently views her uncle as "one of her role models". Speaking on the latest episode of Royally Us, hosts Christine Ross and Christina Garibaldi Harry's relationship with the Cambridge children. Ms Garibaldi said: "Prince Harry misses Prince William and Duchess Kate's children very much since he is settling in California". She added, quoting a source: "[A] Source, told us in the latest issue, they said they're [the Cambridge children] extremely fond of him [Harry]. "Charlotte will send everyone in the family thoughtful gifts and cards, at the very least they'll call as a family to sing Happy Birthday and so on". Ms Garibaldi also claims that the only daughter of the Duke and the Duchess of Cambridge "views Harry, very much, as one of her role models". READ MORE: Queen all smiles as she rolls into Royal Windsor Horse Show after pulling out of first day She added: "She [Charlotte] adores Queen Elizabeth [and] Prince Charles. "They're very proud of the person she is becoming and she's developing into, just as they are with George and Louis". She added: "I am sure it is hard for them, not having that, you know, uncle bond since he is so far away. "Hopefully they make FaceTime and Zoom calls work in their favour". READ MORE: Meghan's pal Scobie's 'Queen deserves better' rant over Jubilee balcony row Prior to moving to the U.S.A., Prince Harry lived near where Prince William, Kate Middleton, and their children stayed at Kensington Palace. In the book, Finding Freedom, it was reported that the Duke of Sussex has treated his nephews and niece to some lavish gifts in the past. Previously, the Sun reported that, for his christening, Harry gifted Prince Louis, the youngest Cambridge child, a first edition of A.A Milne's classic Winnie-The-Pooh— which reportedly cost him around £8,000. Gifts for the two eldest Cambridge children included, an electric SUV for George and a tricycle for Charlotte. DON'T MISS Like Charlotte, and Louis, Harry was born after the heir to the throne. The ‘spare to the heir’ is the phase used, which means that any child born after their sibling — the heir — is secondary to them and is seen as a ‘spare’ part to the Firm.