Thomas Frank has urged Christian Eriksen to stick with Brentford and snub an emotional return to Tottenham in the summer. The Danish midfielder was handed a short-team deal by the Bees in January, just months after he suffered a cardiac arrest while playing for Denmark at Euro 2020. Eriksen has been one of the Premier League's standout performers since arriving in west London and he is unlikely to be short of suitors when his deal with Brentford expires at the end of the season. However, Frank is hoping that Eriksen will choose to stay with the Londoners after they handed him a career lifeline earlier this year. Speaking on Eriksen ahead of Brentford's final day clash against Leeds on Thursday, Frank said: "I'm convinced there is a good chance he will wear a Brentford shirt [next season]. I know I'm optimistic but I'm also the one who picked up the phone and asked him to come. He helped the team, we helped him back to his football life. "The way we play, our environment, and the role he is given, gives him an opportunity to flourish and play his best game. He enjoys going to work every day and I still think you can be extremely ambitious playing for us." READ MORE: Five Erik ten Hag takeaways for Man Utd stars after his former players speak out Since Eriksen's arrival, Brentford have surged to safety; losing just two of the 10 games that the playmaker has featured in. The ex-Inter Milan star has laid on four assists during that spell; he also netted his sole goal for the club in the stunning 4-1 win over Chelsea back in February. Tottenham have been heavily linked with a move for Eriksen, who enjoyed a fruitful seven-year spell with the club earlier in his career. The midfield maestro racked up 69 goals and 90 assists during his time at White Hart Lane before he departed for a new challenge back in January 2020. And with Spurs now on the brink of qualifying for next year's Champions League, the 30-year-old could find it hard to turn down European football and a romantic return to north London. DON'T MISS...Tottenham target Paulo Dybala 'asking about living in London'Tottenham target welcomes interest but Chelsea also keen - 'I'm glad'Arsenal meltdown put down to five reasons as Gunners compared to Spurs But despite speculation ramping up over Eriksen's future, his Bees team-mate, Ivan Toney, insisted that he was "sure" that the midfielder would still be at the club next year. The striker - who tops Brentford's scoring charts with 14 goals - also hailed the impact that Eriksen has had on the club since his arrival. Toney told The Evening Standard last month: “I am sure he will be here. Let’s see what happens. With a player like that in the team then you are going to have the quality. “He sets a certain standard for himself and the team and we have to come up to that and play above that so with him coming in it is great for all of us.”