Liverpool icon Sadio Mane is reportedly a transfer target for Bayern Munich this summer, with the star potentially open to a move to south Germany after being irked by the focus upon renewing Mohamed Salah's contract instead of his. Salah and Mane have been two of the Reds' most important players in what has been their most successful spell since the 1980s. With the pairs' contracts set to run out in 2023, a focus has been set upon renewing their deals instead of losing them for free in just over a year's time due to their output for the club. Much has been made of Salah's situation given his bid to win the Ballon d'Or this year, alongside being the club's top scorer in all competitions every year since his move. And with less of an importance being shone on Mane, the star has apparently opened the door to a move to the Bundesliga after being shown little love by the Reds. Sky Germany report that Bayern wish to sign the Senegalese attacker this summer as a result of his anger towards the situation. With Serge Gnabry's contract set to expire at the same time as Mane's, Bayern could look to replace their own winger with one of Jurgen Klopp's. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Gnabry has been linked with Liverpool, Tottenham and Arsenal as his future continues to look doubtful over contract demands. But Mane would be a real loss given his contribution to the Premier League giants since his £32million move from Southampton in 2016. Mane has scored over 118 goals for the Reds since his transfer, netting in the 2018 Champions League final and contributing massively to their current European run this season. He has continued to contribute heavily since, and has 20 goals in 46 games this campaign. And Klopp spoke out about his two forwards' relationship after Mane knocked Salah's Egypt out of World Cup qualifying with the winning penalty in their play-off for Qatar 2022. “I really thought Sadio did particularly well with it to be honest and I am sure that Mo appreciates that as well," the German said. "Even if it is your brother, then imagine he is playing for the other team and you have to play a final and one wins and the other loses. "That is not a good situation for anyone. But for sure Sadio and Mo would consider themselves as friends, and they handled it well.” DON'T MISSChelsea's new owners tipped to do three things completely different to Roman Abramovich [QUOTES]Darwin Nunez sends Liverpool fans wild with social media activity - 'In the bag'[SOCIAL]Ten Hag may copy controversial Van Gaal transfer call at Man Utd straight away[TRANSFERS]