Kourtney Kardashian, 43, married Travis Barker, 46, have legally married after a seven-month engagement. The eldest Kardashian sister and the Blink 182 drummer exchanged their vows with their friends and family in attendance in a low-key ceremony at a Santa Barbara, California, courthouse on Sunday afternoon. The Keeping Up With The Kardashians star had been seen in the area wearing traditional bride and groom wear. Kourtney wore a short white wedding dress and looked incredible. Her wedding dress had a plunging neckline and red heart and a veil over her brunette locks, while Travis wore an all-black tuxedo. Following the ceremony, the newlyweds drove off in a vintage black convertible with a 'just married' sign attached to the bumper. READ MORE: Piers Morgan claims Eurovision is 'rigged farce' after Ukraine win According to a source, who spoke to People, the couple are planning an extravagant Italian wedding too. “They had to legally get married first ahead of their big Italian wedding, which is happening very soon,” a source said. “All the details are set and the whole family, including all the kids, are very excited.” It is not known whether Kourtney’s siblings, Kim Kardashian and Kylie Jenner, were in attendance as they appeared to post images of themselves on social media around the same time. However, they didn’t appear to be at a wedding from the social media snaps. A month ago, Kourtney and Travis married in a private wedding ceremony in Las Vegas but didn’t have a marriage licence on that occasion. Kourtney posted snaps from the non-official nuptials on Instagram in view of her 168million followers. She admitted that some alcohol had been consumed before the couple headed to the chapel in Las Vegas. DON'T MISS:Coleen Rooney claims Rebekah Vardy texts 'knocked her sick' [LATEST]Prince William honours Deborah James with Damehood at family home [UPDATE] Richard Gere, 72, not concerned about being an older dad with wife, 39 [INSIGHT]  She wrote: “Once upon a time in a land far, far away (Las Vegas) at 2am, after an epic night and a little tequila, a queen and her handsome king ventured out to the only open chapel with an Elvis and got married (with no license).” The couple became engaged in October 2021 after rocker Travis proposed in an extravagant way. He popped the question in a romantic beach setting. Earlier this month, the lovebirds attended the Met Gala for the first time as a couple and put on a quirky display in matching skirts on the red carpet. Kourtney wore a skirt with a split, while Travis opted for a black kilt. Khloe Kardashian also posted on social media, sharing a selfie of her modelling swimwear. This also indicates she was not in attendance at Kourtney’s courthouse wedding.