Emotions run high during Pisces Moon transits, and you might feel slightly more sensitive than usual. Despite this being one of the most creative signs of the zodiac, today’s possible ‘crisis of consciousness’ doesn’t make today a good day to launch any new and significant projects. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for May 22. The Last Quarter Moon will take shape this afternoon when the Gemini Sun forms a square to the Pisces Moon. These mixed energies will spur what Cafe Astrology describes as a possible “crisis of consciousness”. Cafe Astrology said: “We’ve processed recent epiphanies, and we begin to see what works for us – and what doesn’t – in preparation for next week’s New Moon when something new is born again. “It’s not an ideal time to start a significant project, as the decreasing light of the Moon symbolises descent into unconsciousness."  READ MORE: Super Blood Moon horoscope: How May Full Moon will affect YOU  Instead, it advised to “finish up details or tie up loose ends”. Mars will form a sextile to transformative Pluto, bringing with it a sharper ability to focus and shoot higher with ambitions. It might feel more natural during this influence to make moves to pursue your goals and engage in activities you genuinely enjoy. Due to the bold and passionate traits embodied by Mars, you might also be less willing to entertain options that don’t directly lead to the outcome you want.  You might also be less interested in compromising today, although, this doesn’t mean you should avoid negotiating altogether because your powers of persuasion tend to intensify during these transits. Cafe Astrology said: “We’re better at strategy now, and ambitions and determination increase. “We’re getting in touch with what we want and devising plans to pursue it.” However, you might benefit more from a patient and measured approach rather than letting Mars’ brash energies take over to, perhaps unnecessarily, push for immediate action.  DON'T MISS: Apollo 11 photos auctioned as NASA plots Moon return [PICTURES]Why most iconic moon photographs don't even feature Neil Armstrong [EXPLAINED]Chelsea Flower Show: When is it, and when the Queen will visit [INSIGHT]    Mercury in retrograde will move back into the sign of Taurus today, where it will remain until June 13. Thoughts might feel more grounded, solid and steady during these transits, and common sense will prevail. Cafe Astrology said: “We communicate more deliberately under this influence, and our minds are oriented to the world of the five senses. We prefer the tried and true” as opposed to new ways of thinking.  Focusing on one thing at a time might help make your life feel more simple during chaotic retrograde periods however, try not to succumb to overly narrow, conservative and rigid thinking as this is rarely beneficial in the long run. Retrograde periods tend to send us looking to the past for further or hidden information, but try not to hang out here too much, because focusing on the present tends to be a much more peaceful place to be. 