Yellowstone is due to return to The Paramount Network soon and the fifth outing will see Beth Dutton (played by Kelly Reilly) continue her vengeful mission. Reilly is known and loved for her portrayal of the no-nonsense character, who has just married ranch hand Rip Wheeler (Cole Hauser). Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who the actress has dated in real life. Kelly Reilly, 44, is a British actress who has just been nominated for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama for her role in Yellowstone. Before taking on the role of the unstoppable Beth Dutton, she starred in After Miss Julie, Prime Suspect and Black Box. The actress is married to Kyle Baugher and they tied the knot back in 2012. However, she was previously engaged to another actor between 2007 to 2009. READ MORE: Kelly Reilly salary: How much is Kelly Reilly paid for Yellowstone? Reilly was dating Jonah Lotan, an Israeli actor known for his roles in Hostages and Foyle's War. The 48-year-old actor was mentioned in an interview with Reilly back in 2009, just after they separated. "She and her fiancé, the Israeli actor Jonah Lotan (he was in HBO's Iraq war drama Generation Kill) were supposedly getting married last year. "Telling her that I want to get my facts right rather than pry, I inquire gingerly, are they still together?" a report from The Independent said. Reilly responded: "'I'd... rather not talk about it. Only because I'm trying to protect myself and my life. "'I'm sorry, I don't mean to be... but ah, it's not, it's a bit complicated.'" She and the New York-based actor spent time together in Namibia while he was filming the Iraq War mini-series Generation Kill. Lotan went on to star in Fearless and Homeland and has taken on a number of stage projects. DON'T MISS... Yellowstone: Is Kelly Reilly Kevin Costner's daughter? [INSIGHT] Kelly Reilly children: Does Kelly Reilly have children? [EXPLAINER] Where was Yellowstone's Kelly Reilly born? Family history explained [INSIGHT] Not much is known about his current relationship status. As for Reilly, she has kept her marriage to Baugher out of the spotlight and has only revealed snippets about his life. She told The Guardian: "I'm not saying any more about him except that he's not an actor, not in the business." The actress and the financier tied the knot in Somerset, England. Away from her personal life, the star has been keeping fans up to date with her Yellowstone antics. She shared a photo of herself as Beth Dutton, kissing her on-screen husband, Rip Wheeler, sending fans wild. She said: "Thank you, you the fans!! For all the support, the passion for the show and these characters. For watching every Sunday! We are so lucky we get to do it, now we do it for you ...See you season 5 x @colehauser22" The star revealed she has written a particular quote on the top of her Yellowstone scripts since the very first season. The quote from Dylan Thomas reads: "I hold a beast, an angel, and a madman in me."  Yellowstone season 5 is in the making for The Paramount Network. Seasons 1-4 are airing on Peacock now.