Serena Stanhope, 52, married Princess Margaret’s only son, David Armstrong Jones, on October 8, 1993. The couple went on to have two children, Charles Armstrong-Jones and Lady Margarita Armstrong-Jones. But what did her wedding dress look like?  Daena Borrowman, the Marketing Manager at jewellerybox spoke to Express.co.uk about Princess Margaret’s wedding dress, and how her new daughter-in-law drew inspiration from this dress. She said: “Princess Margaret was truly a maverick all her life and her wedding day was no different. “Though she looked every bit the iconic English rose that the world saw her to be, she stayed true to herself by adding her own unconventional twist to the details of her special day. “Princess Margaret's wedding dress has gone on to become one of the most iconic royal wedding gowns owing to its classic timelessness. READ MORE: Queen thought Queen Mother 'was a bit of a fraud' in front of press “Serena wore a near replica of Princess Margaret’s wedding dress to her wedding - a testament to the forward-thinking Princess’ timeless style, over three decades later.” David, Viscount Linley, is the son of the late Princess Margaret and the Earl of Snowdon. He married Serena Stanhope, the daughter of then-Viscount Petersham, after reportedly meeting her when his furniture firm was commissioned to design a dining room table for her father. Serena asked Bruce Robbins to design her wedding dress as a tribute to her new mother-in-law.  “Her long-sleeved silk organza Norman Hartnell gown featured a voluminous skirt made of over 30 metres of fabric. “A V-neck and a well-fitted bodice and waist ensured that the gown did not overwhelm the 5’1 princess’ figure. “Rather, its refreshingly contemporary simplicity had everyone awestruck. “So much so, that it inspired Princess Margaret's daughter in law, Serena Stanhope, to pay the sweetest tribute to the Princess at her wedding to Princess Margaret's son.  The two shared a long-sleeve, V-neck top, a fitted waist and a full skirt. However, Serena's gown used a two-piece approach: the oyster satin coat had a split waist that swung back to a knot on top of the skirt. The switch to tulle for the voluminous skirt lent some textural contrast. The train on the tulle skirt was around two metres in length. The cost was reported at the time to have been around £7,150.  This would be roughly £13,000 in today’s money. The bride's large updo, styled by Nicky Clarke, was again reminiscent of the bouffant sported by Princess Margaret. Instead of the Poltimore Tiara which Margaret wore, however, the new Viscountess Linley borrowed the Lotus Flower Tiara from her mother-in-law. This was paired with a simple tulle veil. In February 2020, she and the Earl of Snowdon separated and a spokesperson confirmed they would be getting a divorce. 