Mary Stockley, 73, from Wigan was interviewed this morning about how life in her hometown has changed in light of the current economic crisis. Ms Stockley is a full-time carer for two members of her family She looks after her son, who has mental health issues, and her husband, who has Parkinson’s. Appearing on Sky News, Ms Stockley was interviewed by Kay Burley on how she and her family are coping with the cost of living crisis. When asked what the biggest challenges she faces, Ms Stockley said: “It gets difficult. I just keep going. Looking after them at the moment with what’s going on [is a challenge].” Discussing the cost of living crisis, the 73-year old carer listed all the various expenses and difficulties faced by everyday people in Wigan. These problems ranged from the cost of food items in supermarkets to energy prices, as well as the issues pensioners face using online shopping technology. READ MORE: Woman, 88, in tears after losing £36,000 savings - after 'scrimping' for 50 years  “The price of food, now it’s gone up, won't be reversed. Heating: When the winter comes, people will not be able to put it on seven days a week. “Shopping in Wigan for clothes, at 73-years of age as I am, where do you go? Lots of people like me can’t do online [shopping]. “When it's [your order] not right and you need to send it back, and I can’t do that because I don’t know how to go online.” Furthermore, Ms Stockley discussed the issues that arise from being a carer to her son and husband. On her family, she explained, from shopping to washing, she has to do "absolutely everything". “My husband’s very lucky to have me because even when I was working I did everything for him.” Currently, the country is in the midst of an unprecedented cost of living crisis which has been exacerbated by the war in Ukraine and the pressures on the wholesale gas market. As of last month, the energy price cap was raised is expected to see the average annual household bill rise by £693. Furthermore, inflation has hit seven percent in the UK and is forecast to go up even higher in the months ahead. A recent poll by consumer insight firm Toluna found that 93 percent of Britons are feeling the pressure of higher food and energy prices. Furthermore, around 51 percent of those surveyed said they are worried they will be worse off in the next three months. Lucia Juliano, the head of Research in the UK and Netherlands at Toluna, explained: “It’s clear that the cost of living crisis is already starting to bite. “We’ve seen an immediate change in people’s spending habits with many cutting back on what they enjoy, and also need, to help pay the bills. “From our research, people are committed to making key lifestyle changes to ensure they keep the cost of living down as much as possible. “Brands must understand this and be prepared to respond. From switching products to shorter showers, cost is a key driver in daily activities, food choices, and social interests. “It’s likely to become even stronger of a priority with higher interest rates and even more energy price hikes on the horizon.”