“It was so bizarre,” Burrows recalls about the first night Teddy noticed something was off. Speaking to Lorraine Kelly on her ITV show, she shared how the determined pooch prompted her to get checked. Burrows said: “We were watching a movie together and she literally wanted to lie on my chest. “She’s never done that before. [She was] nuzzling, sort of head butting me. “This one night, she kind of swiped me so hard with her head - it really, really hurt. “That same evening before I went to bed, I just checked myself.” READ MORE: High cholesterol: The warning signs in your body pointing to ‘excess cholesterol’ At first, Burrows thought the then one-year old dog “bruised” her. It was really painful, she recalled. Burrows continued: “And that’s when I felt this little lump and I thought it was a swollen gland. “I thought, it is a Friday night, I’ll leave it throughout the weekend, I’m sure it will go down. “Monday morning it was still there and that’s when I thought I’ll speak to the GP and tell her what happened.”  Fortunately, her GP asked Burrows to come in “straight away”. “That was the start of my little C journey and here we are,” the star noted. Teddy was the only one to detect her breast cancer as Burrows didn’t experience any warning signs. She said: “I feel so blessed because as I say I was one of those women who didn’t have any symptoms, no lumps. “And without that, I just dread to think where I’d be now. It is astonishing. I’m so thankful to her.” While Burrows had no symptoms, the NHS explains that breast cancer can present with several signs. One of the “first noticeable” signs is a lump or an area of thickened breast tissue. Other symptoms that might pop up include: The health service urges seeing your GP if you notice any of these signs. Burrows also shared an update on her condition. So far, she has had three "major" operations and now is awaiting to start her radiotherapy. She urged all women to check themselves. Burrows added: “Please, please, I applaud every lady out there, check yourself. “And if you feel something that’s not right, do something about it, speak to your GP. “It is a moment out of your life to save your life.”