The devastated dad wasn't going to give up on his life savings without a fight. So he took legal advice to get his pension back. Paul, 43, an IT manager in the banking industry, transferred his entire pension into a Qualifying Recognised Overseas Pension Scheme known as a QROPS. These are typically taken out by Britons who want to transfer their UK pension funds overseas when moving abroad. They are a complex and specialist type of pension, that are not suitable for the vast majority of UK savers. Paul from Bournemouth had two pension funds with SunLife of Canada and Siemens, which held a total of £102,051.59. A financial adviser working for Abrams Ashton & Co Financial Services Ltd advised him to transfer these into a QROPS. The adviser recommended the Metro International Retirement Annuity, managed by Castle Trust and Management Services Ltd. They put Paul's money into a string of high-risk investments. These included Aspiro research, disruptive technology, Energy 10, Consilium Strategy Land Fund and British Land Property Fund. Yet Paul was not a sophisticated investor and never should have been advised to transfer out of his two pension schemes. As a result he lost his entire pension, and had to pay annual administration fees on top. Paul was devastated and traumatised by his loss, but wasn’t giving up without a fight. He sought legal advice from Liverpool-based High Street Solicitors (HSS) in a bid to recover some of his pension. It brought a claim against Abrams Ashton & Co Financial Services. The Government-backed investor protection scheme the Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS) got involved and found that another company, Omega Financial Solutions, also had significant involvement. READ MORE: Pension chaos as 50 million pots could be LOST unless action taken  HSS successfully secured £25,313.65 for the pension benefits Paul lost after transferring his pension in August 2020. It also secured a further £360.07 for his investment in the British Land Property Fund. Then in March this year it secured a further £52,005.63 in compensation for his investments in the Consilium Strategy Land Fund PCC and Disruptive Investments Ltd. Paul said he was approached by HSS as it was taking a class action legal case against pension mis-selling by Castle Trust Management in Gibraltar. He said: “I was exposed to around £100,000 and although sceptical at first, HSS has worked with FSCS to recover around £80,000, minus HSS's fees. HSS is also engaging with the courts in a class action suit against Castle Trust, Paul added. “Although the initial round in the courts was unsuccessful, they have gained permission to appeal and this is still ongoing.” DON'T MISS:Couple in shock as one museum trip costs £2,000 [WARNING]'Just got more interesting' Savers can get five percent interest rate [REVEAL]Ambulances rush to store as 'people collapsing' [LATEST] Paul will have to pay HSS a fee and says he could have pursued the claim free of charge via the FSCS, but decided against it. "I had no clue how to start this process, and I certainly would not have had the knowledge or funds to risk taking Castle Trust to court and expose myself to even more financial loss.” The lawyers accepted the case on a no-win, no-fee basis, which reduced Paul's personal financial risk. HSS’s mis-selling manager Dave Mcculloch said that giving negligent financial advice has serious repercussions. “Losing your entire pension is horrifying and devastating, not just to the person involved, but their family too.” Mcculloch added: We’re delighted that we could recover over £77,000 for Paul and his family and would urge anyone who’s found themselves in a similar distressing situation to seek legal representation.”