Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag is 'confident' of avoiding a similar fate to Sir Alex Ferguson's failed successors over a torrid decade. Ten Hag has addressed the English media for the first time since officially starting his new role in a press conference at Old Trafford. Since Ferguson's 2013 retirement, four separate permanent bosses have failed to win the Premier League, with only two lifting a major trophy. David Moyes, Louis van Gaal, Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer have fallen before Ten Hag, but he is determined to avoid joining them. The Dutchman has expressed his confidence that he can succeed at Old Trafford due to the plan he is building with United. He described the project he is spearheading as 'huge' and admitted there is only a 'short time' before his first season at the club. He told reporters: "The confidence is that I have a good feeling with the people around, I have a good feeling from the meetings. We have a plan, and now it's about getting the plan done. [The plan] is huge. And we have only a short time. I am still in the process of analysing." JUST IN: Erik ten Hag pinpoints his 3 philosophies in first Man Utd interview When asked whether United need new signings as part of his 'plan', Ten Hag reminded that the club's current crop finished second in last season's Premier League and therefore has 'huge potential'. "I just said, I'm still in the process of analysing. I'm looking forward to working with these players," Ten Hag responded. "The season before, this squad was second in the Premier League, and there's huge potential. If we improve, if we can work with them, we can get better results." READ MORE: Roy Keane's hilarious response to Man City star Jack Grealish's offer  The 52-year-old undoubtedly faces a mammoth task to achieve long-term success, a feat no one has managed since Ferguson's glory days. And while he understands the challenge ahead, he has shared his excitement about getting started. He added: "It's fantastic. I've already met big coaches and big teams in the Premier League, and I know how to deal with that. But it's clear, the Premier League is the biggest league in the world, I think. I'm looking forward to battling with them." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.