Andreas Christensen was reportedly left unhappy at Chelsea's final contract offer as the Danish defender prepares to jump ship and move to Barcelona on a free transfer. The Blues' ownership ordeal left them in a sticky situation regarding player contracts, and with a handful of talented stars heading for the exit, Thomas Tuchel faces a daunting defensive rebuild this summer. A sturdy back-line has been a hallmark of Tuchel's time in charge at Stamford Bridge, and the Blues have conceded less than one goal per game in the Premier League this season. The likes of Antonio Rudiger, Thiago Silva and Cesar Azpilicueta have all put in solid shifts, while Christensen has played his part too. Thiago Silva eased fans' concerns by signing a contract extension earlier this year, but three of that quartet look to be on their way out. Rudiger has already agreed a switch to Real Madrid, while Christensen and Azpilicueta both seem bound for Barcelona. Chelsea tried to strike deals with their out-of-contract stars, but The Athletic claim that Christensen was fuming at what was put on the table. A deal including £140,000-a-week with no signing on fee would have seen him pocket less than his most recent contract extension, and the Dane also harboured concerns over the potential arrival of Jules Kounde. JUST IN: Dele Alli hits new low with Everton 'hoping to sell' former Tottenham star already Christensen's new terms would have seen him pocket significantly less than Rudiger, who was said to be offered £230,000-a-week, and if Sevilla's French centre-back Kounde is successfully lured in this summer he would be expected to pocket a higher wage too. The Barca-bound 26-year-old supposedly made himself unavailable for Sunday's FA Cup final against Liverpool, which could taint the nature of his departure. Chelsea's ownership fiasco has left them in a tricky position with regard to keeping their top talent at the club. They have been unable to sign off on new contracts or offer any concrete certainty on the club's future since Roman Abramovich was sanctioned by the UK government in March. DON'T MISS: Martin Tyler delights fans with claim Liverpool may need 'F1 race director' to seal title A consortium headed up by American billionaire Todd Boehly appears to be edging closer to a successful takeover, despite government concerns that Abramovich or organisations associated with the Russian could seek to pocket some of the proceeds from the £4.25billion sale. Certainty is needed as soon as possible at Stamford Bridge so that Tuchel and co can begin planning for their summer revamp. Given the defensive exodus that looks to be on the cards, recruiting players that can step in to sure up the back-line is likely to be towards the top of his priority list. Kounde could be one to arrive in west London if the Blues can finally convert their longstanding interest into a permanent deal. As a money-saving venture, Chelsea may also call on the likes of Trevoh Chalobah and Levi Colwill to assume more first-team responsibility. The former has enjoyed his first year of top-flight football this campaign, and big things are hoped of the latter as his fruitful loan spell with Huddersfield Town comes to an end. Any concerns over missing out on the Champions League have been put to bed at Chelsea after Arsenal's latest defeat made qualification a mathematical certainty. Christensen may get chances to say farewell after almost 10 years at the club in upcoming matches against Leicester City and Watford.