The Duke and Duchess of Sussex announced their deal with Netflix back in 2020 and had two projects in the pipeline. One of these, an animated children’s programme with the working title ‘Pearl’ was scrapped by the streaming giant recently. The show was axed while in its development stage as part of a series of cutbacks which also saw two other kids' shows being canned by the streaming service. But sources claim Meghan and Harry are not giving up on the project after it was ditched by Netflix bosses. According to sources, Meghan and executive producer David Furnish "are reviewing the project to see where else it could find a home.” The pair will be pitching the series concept to streaming services and TV networks including the likes of Apple and Amazon. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s Netflix contract allows them to sell on any projects that the streaming platform turns down. A source told the Sun that after being decommissioned by Netflix, the team working on Pearl are revisiting the show’s concept to “see what could be tweaked”. The source added: "There was a huge feeling of excitement about Pearl and a hope that its journey is not over. "They are not giving up on this project because Netflix said no.” The source went on to say that David Furnish has a reputable career as a “respected career” and has an “enviable contacts book”. READ MORE: Charles edges closer to future role as he delivers Queen's Speech They then claimed: "Obviously like all these type of projects, the commissioning network has their input and desires for what they want to see. “So usually there is a lot of negotiations and discussions in the commissioning process. "Nobody can expect to turn up, say this is what it is and then get money. It doesn't work like that. It never has.” They described the process of getting your project made, while meeting the requests from the network as a “tricky balancing act”. They said this process can often be “tough for some creatives, who hate diverging from their vision.” They add that for Meghan and Harry their Netflix content is “obviously” the priority, but that over the coming weeks Pearl will be reviewed. The source added: "And only time will tell whether Meghan and a broadcaster can come to an agreement." DON'T MISS Camilla Duchess of Cornwall opts for chic navy coat dress today [PICTURES]Queen's absence today is latest step in Charles's 'gradual takeover' [INSIGHT]Prince Harry given plan to address hair loss after 'doomed' admission [REVEAL] Another source speculated about what outlet the show could be pitched to, noting that the couple has links with other streaming services already. They also claim that despite not having links with other “major players” like HBO, the couple may bag a meeting with them due to Hollywood’s “interest” in the couple. A source said: "Apple and Harry already have ties after he appeared on a series about mental health. Disney, whose Plus streaming service is huge, has a relationship with Markle too after she voiced a wildlife documentary. "Amazon has a significant budget and major players like NBC Universal and HBO would be interested to sit down in front of the Sussexes. “You cannot underestimate the interest in them from Hollywood and producers around town." When announcing the project, Meghan described Pearl as a story that follows the adventures of a 12-year-old girl who finds inspiration from influential women throughout history. Meghan said at the time: "Like many girls her age, our heroine Pearl is on a journey of self-discovery as she tries to overcome life’s daily challenges." Meghan and Harry created Archewell Productions in autumn 2020 after announcing their Netflix partnership. The couple announced they intended to create documentaries, docuseries, feature films, scripted shows and children’s programming, all of which aim to be “inspirational”. The couple’s only other announced project for the partnership is a docuseries about competitors involved in The Invictus Games, which took place in the Netherlands last month.