Classed as medical emergencies, strokes occur when the blood supply to part of your brain gets cut off. This severe condition sees more than 100,000 people affected yearly. Fortunately, aspirin could help, reports the University of Vigo. The Spanish study found that taking a daily dose of aspirin at the right time could lower your chances of a stroke by up to 50 percent. The research team from the University of Vigo looked at the prevalence of cardiovascular death in 10,000 men. They compared the data based on whether they took the popular painkiller in the morning or in the evening. The researchers noticed that taking aspirin before going to bed halved the risk of a fatal stroke. READ MORE: Bowel cancer: Deborah James on initial symptoms - ‘I knew there was something wrong'  The team explained that this might be due to the body’s “pharmacokinetic" process. Through this, your body breaks down and distributes medication throughout. The research team explained this boosts aspirin’s efficacy when taken during night-time. This allows the painkiller to be fully activated when the morning comes, when blood pressure and stress levels tend to be the highest.  Whereas, when you take aspirin in the morning, the body’s pharmacokinetic process hasn’t fully started. This could make taking aspirin for lowering your risk less beneficial. Although aspirin can be bought in the majority of pharmacies and supermarkets, you should always talk to your doctor before taking it. In fact, the NHS stresses to only take daily aspirin to lower stroke risk if your doctor has specifically recommended it to you. Aspirin has been linked with some serious side effects, including gastrointestinal issues. That’s why the health service advises taking it with food so it doesn’t upset your tummy. The reason why the medication is used to lower a heart attack and stroke risk is down to blood stickiness. The NHS explains that aspirin can make your blood less sticky and thus helps to prevent the emergencies. The usual dose taken for this reason is 75mg once a day. However, this can be sometimes higher. Your doctor might recommend taking the medication if you’ve already suffered from a stroke or a heart attack. But also, if you might be at a higher risk of the medical emergencies. Remember, to only take a low-dose aspirin for this reason if a health professional recommended it.