On Tuesday, the Prince of Wales, with his son William beside him, attended the State Opening of Parliament and delivered the Queen’s Speech in an "enormously significant moment”. Royal historian and biographer Robert Lacey claims that the event, which came after a special order from the monarch, should be seen as a clear move towards succession. He told People magazine: "She's clearly thinking of the future and this can be seen alongside the moment she said it was her wish that Camilla be known as Queen Consort, which was another important development this year. "Asking her son Charles and William to attend is clearly about succession, about emphasizing a partnership and teamwork.” With a statement on the day, the Buckingham Palace announced the Queen’s absence and the attendance of Prince Charles and the Duke of Wales’. The statement read: "The Queen continues to experience episodic mobility problems, and in consultation with her doctors has reluctantly decided that she will not attend the State Opening of Parliament tomorrow." And it added the Queen had to “sign a new letter patent” to allow Charles to read her speech in the role of Counsellor of State. Since ascending to the throne in 1952 her Majesty has only missed three sessions of parliament, including her absence from this week. Last month the Queen missed two key services during the Easter period, which she said she was “regretfully unable to commit” to. Traditionally, the reigning monarch would be present at both the Maundy Thursday and Easter Sunday church services. However, she was recently able to attend in person a memorial service for her husband, Prince Philip, who died on April 9, 2021. Regarding her absence from such high-level events, Mr Lacey explained: "Regency involves a surrender of constitutional authority, which is very much not happening in this case. "Charles is deputizing for the Queen, as he has done before — and as William and Kate have also started to do in some of the duties they've been doing." But he went on to assure that the Queen remains in control and hasn’t given up on her duties.