Lando Norris has come out in support of Fernando Alonso after the two-time world champion slammed the actions of race stewards at the Miami Grand Prix. Alpine driver Alonso, 40, was left furious following a post-race time addition penalty for allegedly cutting the Miami track’s tight chicane. The penalty was the Spaniard's second of the day having also been handed handed five-seconds for hitting Pierre Gasly.  Having crossed the line ninth, the second sanction gave him a finishing position of 11th, denying him any race points. And at Thursday's media session for drivers ahead of his home race in Barcelona this weekend, Alonso made his feelings clear. "We believe that it was very unfair and it was just incompetence from the stewards,” he said. "They were not very professional in Miami. I missed one corner and then I gave back the time on the lap, but obviously after you miss one corner, there is the sector time just after that corner, so the [purple mini-sector] colour [comes up]. They took the decision without asking [for] any proof.  " Alonso said that even though his team supplied proof to the contrary anyway, it was ignored with the decision seemingly already made: "So, it was very bad and is something that should not happen in Formula 1," he added. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton 'praying' for improvement in Spain as Brit laughs off Mercedes woes It wasn't the only controversy in Miami, with Carlos Sainz and Esteban Ocon both crashing at the same turn in practice and then qualifying respectively. The Ferrari man allegedly raised the issue of no safety barrier following his accident, but his fears were ignored, leading Ocon to label the lack of action from officials as "unacceptable." And McLaren man Norris, who also went in front of the media on Thursday, added: “Fernando’s a guy you would listen to in terms of the experience he has in racing. If he says what he says, he’s probably got a bit of a point at least.” DON'T MISS:Lewis Hamilton talks up 'winning potential' after Mercedes copy Ferrari and Red Bull tweakLewis Hamilton breaks silence on Michael Masi returning to FIA rumours ahead of Spanish GPLewis Hamilton's FIA row 'ridiculous' as ex-racer who suffered dreadful burns speaks out In a new era for the sport, many of the the stringent regulations are beginning to come under scrutiny. Gasly himself as warned that teams may struggle to make upgrades late in the season as the financial impact of the war in Ukraine escalates. A row over an FIA clampdown on jewellery also surfaced in America. Lewis Hamilton eventually agreed to a compromise with officials and took out his earrings before competing, having initially threatened to boycott the race.