Manchester City rejected the chance to make another move for Harry Kane in order to pursue Erling Haaland, a new report has claimed. City tried to sign the Tottenham star last year but decided against rekindling their interest this summer. The Premier League champions - who seal their fourth title in five years in dramatic fashion on Sunday - have already confirmed that Haaland will join them in a £51million deal this summer. But The Times have now revealed that City were sounded out by Kane's representatives back in February to gauge whether or not they would be interested in chasing another deal for the England captain. However, City made it clear that they 'only had eyes for Haaland'. City decided against entering the market for another forward after failing to prise Kane away from north London last summer - and their patience has now finally paid off. READ MORE: Kylian Mbappe 'had talks with Jurgen Klopp to join Liverpool' before new PSG contract Pep Guardiola's side have pulled a major coup by landing Haaland, who was one of the most coveted strikers in Europe after plundering 86 goals in just 89 games for Borussia Dortmund. The likes of Real Madrid and Barcelona were also interested in acquiring the 21-year-old's services - but the Norwegian prodigy will follow in the footsteps of his father, Alf-Inge, by playing for City next season. Speaking last week, Guardiola was visibly delighted with his first summer capture - and was quick to quash any talk that the former RB Salzburg man could struggle to adapt to City's style of play. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag fires warning to Manchester United players in first interview as managerLeeds reject £46m Raphinha bid after Premier League safety as star 'agrees terms'Cristiano Ronaldo and Mason Greenwood 'erupted' during specific Man Utd defeat The City chief said: “I hear he’s not going to adapt to the way we play and I would like to ask 'how is the way we play?' I’m pretty sure those who ask don’t know it,” he said. “I’m pretty sure he will adapt well – like Julian Alvarez this summer coming from Argentina and we’re going to help him to adapt well. “Always that happens. Players when they are good - and normally they are in clubs like City - they have good energy to see positives. They understand we want to help them and our way to play is so simple really. “I’m pretty sure about Haaland. But to give you a real opinion I have to work with him first. When he scores this amount of goals it's because he’s good. But especially important is that he is arriving in a new country, a new house and new friends. All these kinds of things he has to adjust to. That’s why before he starts here he should have a good holiday, prepare well, and come with no injuries to work and play with us. “If it takes weeks, great. If it takes months, great. He hasn’t come here for two, three months, he’s come for many years I hope. So if he needs more time, we give him more time. We'll try to help him and I’m pretty sure he’ll try to help us so I don’t have any doubts about that.”