Manchester United are reportedly ‘extremely close’ to securing the signing of Benfica hotshot Darwin Nunez. And, if that happens, he’ll become the latest addition from the Primeira Liga. Cristiano Ronaldo, Bruno Fernandes and Nani, among others, have been big hits since moving from that league - and the 22-year-old, given his fine goalscoring exploits - has the potential to be another. It was reported over the weekend that United were ‘extremely close’ to securing the signing of Nunez. GiveMeSport journalist Dean Jones said: “One source described this deal to United to me as being ‘extremely close’. “They consider Atletico Madrid as their main rivals to sign him, from what I hear, but obviously, loads around Europe are looking. “If Darwin does move to Old Trafford, it will be a brilliant signing for the Ten Hag era.” Now, with United looking increasingly likely to land Nunez, it seems he could become another Ronaldo and Fernandes. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings While Ronaldo returned to the club last summer, after 12 years away, he first moved to the Red Devils back in 2003. Sir Alex Ferguson decided to sign the forward as a replacement for David Beckham, who had been sold to Real Madrid after falling out with the Scot behind the scenes. And few had heard of Ronaldo, who was brought in after terrorising the Red Devils during a pre-season friendly with Sporting Lisbon. Six years later, however, he left as one of the best players on the planet. Ronaldo was a huge hit, claiming every trophy available and establishing himself as one of the best players on the planet. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag And Fernandes, while he’s yet to win a trophy, has also been a success story. The Portugal international has become undroppable, even when his form has dipped, which speaks volumes about his talents. Even last season, a return of nine goals and 13 assists across all competitions isn’t anything to be sniffed at. And United have also seen Nani be a success story as well. Initially, he struggled to emerge from Ronaldo’s shadow after joining from Sporting. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz But he’d go on to become a cult hero, winning four Premier League titles before being cut loose by Louis van Gaal. Ronaldo, Nani and Fernandes have been United’s biggest attacking imports from the Primeira Liga. And, now, it seems like Nunez will be next. The Uruguay international would be a major addition to United’s attack, especially after netting 34 goals across all competitions. And he could work in tandem with Ronaldo and Fernandes in attack under the guidance of Erik ten Hag. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Speaking recently, meanwhile, former United star Diego Forlan had his say on Nunez’s future. And he said: “I think that he is a very good player, a good kid who is doing really well at Benfica and is enjoying a strong season. “It is not just the Portuguese league where he is doing well but in the Champions League too. “He is a player who has a lot of potential and he could fit in at Manchester United. “But obviously, everyone needs to have patience, although he is getting better with more and more experience.”