The BBC has announced that Ncuti Gatwa is the new Doctor set to take charge of the TARDIS and take over from Jodie Whittaker. Ncuti is best known for his performance in Sex Education as the iconic Eric Effiong. Speculation for who would be the new Doctor has been rife since Jodie announced her departure from the show last June, with many hoping to see a familiar face return. However, the announcement has stunned all, with many taking to social media to express their delight for Ncuti taking over the role. Speaking about his new adventure on the iconic and flagship BBC show, Ncuti said: "There aren’t quite the words to describe how I’m feeling. "A mix of deeply honoured, beyond excited and of course a little bit scared. This role and show means so much to so many around the world, including myself, and each one of my incredibly talented predecessors has handled that unique responsibility and privilege with the utmost care. I will endeavour my utmost to do the same. "Russell T Davies is almost as iconic as the Doctor himself, and being able to work with him is a dream come true. "His writing is dynamic, exciting, incredibly intelligent and fizzing with danger. An actor’s metaphorical playground. "The entire team have been so welcoming and truly give their hearts to the show. And so, as much as it’s daunting, I’m aware I’m joining a really supportive family. "Unlike the Doctor, I may only have one heart, but I am giving it all to this show” Showrunner Russell T Davies added: “The future is here and it’s Ncuti! Sometimes talent walks through the door and it’s so bright and bold and brilliant. "I just stand back in awe and thank my lucky stars. Ncuti dazzled us, seized hold of the Doctor and owned those TARDIS keys in seconds. "It’s an honour to work with him, and a hoot, I can’t wait to get started. I’m sure you’re dying to know more, but we’re rationing ourselves for now, with the wonderful Jodie’s epic finale yet to come. But I promise you, 2023 will be spectacular!” Charlotte Moore, Chief Content Officer said: “Ncuti has an incredible dynamism, he’s a striking and fearless young actor whose talent and energy will set the world alight and take Doctor Who on extraordinary adventures under Russell T Davies’ new era.” Fans of Doctor Who were delighted at the announcement that Ncuti will be setting up his new home in the TARDIS and took to social media to congratulate him. Lucy Woodrow complemented: "Ahhhh Ncuti Gatwa is going to be so fantastic! #DoctorWho." DON'T MISS...Doctor Who's Jodie Whittaker teases replacement 'Would smash it' [INSIGHT]Doctor Who: David Tennant drops cryptic hint he'll replace Jodie [LATEST]Jodie Whittaker's Doctor Who replacement favourite faces competition [MORE] @IckieBickie commented: "Always exciting when the new Doctor is announced. I only know Ncuti Gatwa from the drama Stonemouth & Sex Education, a great addition to #DoctorWho" @FloraandFaunaGS added: "Well this is fantastic news! Ncuti is a cracking actor who I'm sure will be an amazing Doctor #DoctorWho #NcutiGatwa." @ImHowOld said: "Very proud of my favourite British show. Last time they finally named a female Doctor, and now today, a black actor will finally play the Doctor!! "Congratulations Ncuti!!! Can't wait to see what you can do!" @itsna3x praised: "#DoctorWho Ncuti Gatwa has been cast as the first LGBTQ+ and black Dr Who. Well deserved I can’t wait to see him on my screen." @Lggty55 celebrated: "OMG YES! NCUTI IS THE NEW DOCTOR! I can't wait to see what he brings to the role!" (sic) The trailer for Jodie Whittaker's farewell from Doctor Who was released last month, with some exciting inclusions as fans countdown to seeing a new face in the role. Doctor Who is set to return later this year on BBC One. 