Britain is grappling with the cost of living crisis with increasing calls for the Government to act to help the lowest-income households. But those receiving the state pension are also at risk as thousands are already “close to the limit”. The latest analysis from Age UK suggests almost half, or 960,000, of pensions, are already living in poverty or just above the poverty line.  The National Pensioners Convention is concerned for pensions becoming malnourished. General secretary Jan Shortt said she had heard from people having just one meal a day and turned their heating off for the rest of the year to cut down on energy costs She added: “Older people will be cutting down on not just food but the nutritional value. “The most nutritious food is often the most expensive so they will start buying food which is perhaps not good for their health because they are cheaper. “We are looking at cases of possible malnutrition in older people, it doesn't take a lot for an older person to be malnourished. “It isn't about deliberately not eating its about eating the wrong foods for their age.”  The Age UK report revealed that 26 percent are buying less food due to the crisis. Ms Shortt said there is “no help for anyone now” amid calls for the Government to act imminently. She added: “A lot of pensioners are close to the limit of what you can cut down on anymore and we need to live not just exist, people have the right to a bit of dignity in their retirement as well as people across society and not have to rely on foodbanks and support from family and others. “There is no time for older people to play the long game, we can't afford to play the long game, it's now that we need the support. READ MORE: Universal Credit influx needed immediately as 1.5 MILLION to struggle  “Governments in other countries are taking much more reasonable steps to support their nation and if you can't help your own people when they are in need, what does that say about your Government? “It's not a Government for the people. “We have October to come when we know there is gonna be another price increase and it will just continue and continue until something is drastically done and you have to ask the question how long.”  Ms Shortt admitted the NPC will have “a lot” of campaigning to do in the coming months. She added: “There are things the government could do, it can change the £200 loan that we never asked for and change that into a direct reduction of energy bills for every household with no obligation to pay back. “Then what we ask, which they won't like, is that they have to take a critical look at all their policies and really make sure they are all the right ones for the country and its people.  “Looking at the Queen's policy, the specific policies on sustainable energy, they have done nothing over decades all of a sudden because of the energy crisis they say oh we are gonna do this and that. “That's the long-term future, people need help now. “The other thing the gov can do is dump the 1.25 increase on NI, at this point it is absolutely inconceivable that they can do that to working people.” Boris Johnson said the Government would “do things” to help with the short term effect but failed to go into any further details on what the measures could be. 