Sally Dynevor, 36, has opened up about her future on Coronation Street stating that she doesn’t want to say she will “be there forever”. Sally has played Sally Metcalfe - previously Webster - since 1986, making her one of the soap’s longest running characters. Nevertheless, Sally says that she could leave the cobbles if she stopped enjoying it.She explained: “As soon as I don’t enjoy my role anymore, I’ll leave.  “I’m a firm believer in doing what makes you happy.“Who knows, I might get killed off, or Steven Spielberg might knock on the door. I don’t want to say I’ll be there forever, because you don’t know what is around the corner.” READ MORE:Naga Munchetty bids farewell as Dan Walker exits BBC Breakfast The actress also said that she “never imagined” she would play Sally for so long.  The mum-of-three continued to Prima magazine: “It was the ideal job when my kids were little as I live 20 minutes from the studio, so I was always home for bedtime.“But three decades on, I still enjoy it as much as when I started.”Sally’s eldest daughter is Phoebe Dynevor, 26, who is best known for her role in Bridgerton. She also shares son Sam, 25, and daughter Harriet, 18, with husband Tim Dynevor.During Sally’s time on the soap, she was first married to Kevin Webster (Michael Le Vell) and had daughters Sophie (Brooke Vincent) and Rosie (Helen Flanagan).Her character is now married to Tim Metcalfe (Joe Duttine).Earlier this year, the Manchester-born actress was awarded an MBE by Princess Anne. DON'T MISSJane Fonda, 84, stunned by longevity[INSIGHT]Britney Spears urged to 'take it down a notch' after another naked pic[PICTURES]Johnny Depp's ex testifies he was 'jealous' and threw wine bottle[LATEST] She received the honour for her services to drama in the 2021 New Year Honours list.Speaking at Windsor Castle in February, Sally confessed that she initially thought the honour was a “hoax”.She recalled phoning her son, Sam, to tell him the news.She detailed: “I said 'Sam, I've had this email and I'm really worried about it because it says I'm up for an MBE but that can't be right'. “Sam said, 'I don't think anyone would joke about that, mum'.”She also took part in the most recent series of Dancing On Ice.Sally was paired with Matt Evers and the two made it to Week Six before being voted off.Coronation Street airs weekdays at 8pm on ITV.