Tash Bradley is Director of Interior Design for Lick and a colour expert. The paint company specialises in pigment-rich paints in fresh colours. She spoke about adding colour to your garden and how to choose the right fence paint for you. Tash advised taking inspiration from the elements already in your garden. The paint expert said: "When painting exterior garden walls, consider them as an extension of the rooms you are in. "So, does the colour palette in your garden work with the one in your kitchen?" When looking at the fence and the exterior walls of you home, reflect the sky or other natural elements. Tash said: "For structural features look at your surroundings, I love to take inspiration from nature so soft blues to reflect the tones of the sky. READ MORE: 'Never skimp on prep': Avoid the most common DIY renovation painting mistakes "Or, greens can blend softly with the surrounding garden or a nearby field." Tash suggested Licks Blue 01 and Blue 02, or Green 02 and Green 09. The expert went on: "If you fancy bringing a new energy to the space. "It's as simple as upcycling your patio furniture with a new lick of paint. DON'T MISS:Molly Mae's £4m home - luxury paint colours to get the look [EXPERT] Painting mistakes to avoid - or devalue your home [WARNING] DIY renovator creates 'bright, spacious' home using paint trick [PROPERTY] "Look at your plants for inspiration. Pink 04, Red 03 and Yellow 02 can all bring new life to your outdoor space." The expert also offered her advice on painting the front door. She told readers: "When it comes to your front door make sure your first glimpse of home is one that fills you with joy. "Choose a colour that reflects your personality and greets you with a smile.” For those looking to make their garden appear bigger, an expert suggested a trick to help using brickwork. How can you make your garden look bigger? A gardening expert at MyJobQuote has shared how to create the illusion of more space in gardens. Fiona Jenkins said: “Since white has brightening and lightening properties, this is often used to help make the most of small spaces. “Gardens can also benefit from this trick." For overall garden transformation inspiration, look no further than one content creators before and after. Stephanie, a renovation influencer, added stunning furniture and a DIY water feature to her outdoor space. The couple added paving and a pergola, which was a simple kit from Amazon. In the pergola the couple put a gorgeous outdoor sofa and table set with an incredible fire feature in the middle.