Emmerdale actor Adam Thomas wouldn't be the first soap star to swap the Emmerdale farm for the glitz of the Strictly Come Dancing ballroom. Emmerdale veteran Kelvin Fletcher won the seventeenth series of Strictly Come Dancing with his professional dance partner Oti Mabuse but will Adam follow in his footsteps? The 33-year-old has allegedly been practising his "dance moves" for the 2022 version of the hit BBC dance competition. Adam joined ITV's Emmerdale in 2009 as Adam Barton and joined the long-running soap with the rest of the Barton family. He is no stranger to a celebrity reality show, having appeared in I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! and All Star Family Fortunes so is an appearance on Strictly Come Dancing out of the question? It was reported earlier this week that Adam was the first star to be hoping to take home the Glitterball Trophy this year, with his name soon to be announced. A source reportedly said: "Adam has got what it takes to win and is already practising his moves. And he's got a big female fanbase." Read More: 'Unforgettable' Jane McDonald shares glimpse into love life as she bids farewell on show Talking to The Sun, they added: "This has been a little while in the making but it's happening this year." However, if the star's social media is anything to go by, fans will not be seeing Adam dancing up a storm anytime soon. Taking to Instagram, he shared a clip of the article with his one million followers and said: "As much as I'd love this to be true!!... unfortunately it's not haha [Crying with laughter emoji]." Express.co.uk have reached out to the BBC for comment. If Adam was to appear on the show, he might have a slight upper hand with his wife and mother to his children, Teddy, seven, and Elsie-Rose, three, Caroline Daly being a dancer. Caroline runs a dance school called ABCD Dance in Altrincham. Adam does have more time on his hands after leaving Emmerdale in 2019, so he could easily fill that time in a dance studio. He came third in the jungle and may want to come out on top for his next reality show appearance. DON’T MISS…NCIS Los Angeles season 13 finale: Is Callen leaving NCIS LA? [LATEST]Doctor Who boss explains how Ncuti Gatwa almost missed out on Time Lord role  [LATEST]The Chase replacement hopes for more screen time next season 'If the bosses are up for it'  [LATEST] In 2019 Adam was announced as a host on the I'm a Celeb's spin-off show Extra Camp in 2019. Adam has also just recently reappeared in Waterloo Road as Donte Charles. He joined the BBC One school-based drama series Waterloo Road in 2006 and left in 2009 before recently returning. He comes from a showbiz family, with his brothers dabbling in the industry.