On Wednesday’s instalment of TalkTV's The Talk, chat show host Sharon Osbourne urged Meghan Markle to reunite with her father Thomas Markle following his recent health scare. She detailed reuniting with her estranged father and implored the Duchess of Sussex to do the same.  When it was announced Meghan Markle was going to marry Prince Harry, her father Thomas Markle made headlines as he shared his hopes to walk her down the aisle. He has since had a difficult relationship with Meghan and Harry after it was revealed he sold photos of himself to a paparazzi agency in the run up to the wedding. Their strained relationship has since been highly publicised as Thomas has made a number of TV appearances to discuss his daughter and the Royal family. Unfortunately, his health took a huge turn when it was reported Thomas had been hospitalised and was unable to talk after suffering a suspected stroke earlier this week. READ MORE: Sally Dexter age: How old is Emmerdale's Faith Dingle star? As a result, a number of people questioned whether Meghan and Harry had been in contact with him in light of his ailing health. This included TV personality Sharon Osbourne, who recalled her own difficult relationship with her father to urge Meghan to reunite with Thomas. Speaking on the TalkTV chat show The Talk, she said: “Should she go to her father? Yes, she should. “I didn’t talk to my father for 18 years, he used me in his companies, millions and millions I had to pay because my father got me in the c**p. “But, the situation is, when he was diagnosed with Alzheimer’s I went to him and took care of him because he’s my father.” Highlighting the difficulty, the 69-year-old stated it as “really hard because he broke my heart”. Sharon explained: “He was the only man that I ever loved until I met my husband who I was in love with but I loved my father, everything was about my father. “When I realised what he was doing to me, it was as if my father had died then I pined for him, I was angry with him, I missed him in my life.” She added: “When somebody is on their deathbed it’s for you not for him, it’s for you to make amends.” DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Max Turner's boyfriend unmasked [THEORY] Ozzy Osbourne breaks silence on health after frailness worries fans [INSIGHT]Sharon Osbourne thanks rapper who saved daughter from deadly LA fire [INSIGHT] Thomas was reportedly planning to travel to the UK in the next few days for Queen Elizabeth II’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations. He also shared his hopes of meeting his grandchildren Archie, three, and 11-month-old Lilibet who will be in attendance. Thomas added he also wanted to meet Prince Charles and joked that they had both been “ghosted by our own children”. According to Dan Wootton, the 77-year-old was receiving “urgent medical treatment”. In a statement to the Daily Mail, Thomas’ daughter Samantha Markle confirmed her father was recovering in hospital as she stated: “he just needs peace and rest.” “My father is recovering in hospital,” the 57-year-old disclosed. “We ask for privacy for the family, for his health and wellbeing. He just needs peace and rest.” She concluded: “Godspeed, we are praying. He just needs some rest.”