Prince Harry, 37, and Meghan Markle, 40, previously shared they planned to step back from their "royal duties" and work to become financially independent in 2020, with the Duke and Duchess of Sussex formally stepping down 12 months later. Princess Anne's daughter Zara Tindall, 40, does not have a royal title thanks to the choice made by her parents upon birth. This allowed Zara to pursue her own career and live a life far from the spotlight and media scrutiny. She had made a name for herself as an equestrian and, like the Princess Royal did in the mid-1970s, took part in the Olympic Games. During the 2012 London Olympics, Zara gained a silver medal. Harry and Meghan, who now reside in California, have sought to lead a more private life with their children, two-year-old son Archie, and 10-month-old daughter, Lillibet. READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly reacts as critic blasts only 'unemployed' watch show The Duke and Duchess of Sussex had signed separate deals with both Netflix and Spotify following their decision to leave the Firm. Columnist Jane Moore, 59, has addressed the couple's low-key return to the UK to visit the Queen which was kept quietly under wraps last month. The Loose Women panellist has compared Harry and Meghan to the former's first cousin. Writing in a previous column, she has suggested the royal pair "could easily do the same" as Zara and lead a life away from public scrutiny. She wrote: "When Harry and Meghan left the UK, they were at pains to point out that they wanted a 'normal' and 'private' life. "The choice of living in fame-obsessed LA, the private jets to A-list destinations and homes, the interview with Oprah, the open-top bus ride with James Corden, and now a trip back to Europe with a Netflix crew of 30 filming their every move." Jane referenced the royal couple's recent sit-down interview with Oprah Winfrey in March last year and more recently their appearance at The Invictus Games which was held at The Hague. She continued in The Sun: "Compare and contrast all that to the behaviour of one of The Queen’s other grandchildren, Zara [Tindall], on a family day out last week. DON'T MISS... Carol Vorderman's scam warning as she's supported by Paul O'Grady[LATEST]Gemma Atkinson stuns Gorka in plunging dress with thigh-high split[PICTURES]A Place In The Sun's Laura Hamilton wows in busty swimsuit display[INSTAGRAM] "She was competing at the Burnham Market horse trials in Norfolk, while husband Mike Tindall watched from the sidelines with their three kids climbing all over him. "Devoid of state-funded protection, they just blend in with the crowds, get on with their life and seem admirably content with their lot." Jane concluded: "Harry and Meghan could easily do the same." Meanwhile, Zara has previously addressed not being bestowed with a royal title from the Queen and added she felt "lucky" in an interview back in 2015. She said: "I'm very lucky that both my parents decided to not use the title and we grew up and did all the things that gave us the opportunity to do." Princess Anne also spoke about her decision regarding her two children during an interview marking her 70th birthday. Speaking to Vanity Fair in 2020, the princess said she believes not giving Peter and Zara titles was "probably the right thing to do". She added: "I think it was probably easier for them, and I think most people would argue that there are downsides to having titles". While Zara has not carried out royal duties in the past, she regularly attends events - with her husband Mike Tindall - open to wider members of the family.