AJ Odudu, 34, and Kai Widdrington, 26, were among the favourites to win Strictly Come Dancing, with fans touched over Kai's concern for her when she was struck down by an injury. Despite the pair's closeness, it has now emerged that AJ Odudu is "happy" at the news he is dating fellow Strictly star, Nadia Bychkova. "Yeah, of course [I'm happy for them]!" she exclaimed when asked about the pairing. Explaining her silence as their relationship continues to bloom, she added: " I’ve just been so busy and he’s been so busy over the last few months.” Nadiya and Kai were seen kissing in January, just weeks after AJ had been forced to pull out of the competition with a painful ankle injury. It dashed her chances of performing in the live final, leading to a lot of disappointment. READ NOW: Minnie Driver shrugs off backlash over 's**gging' Hollywood actors However she has fond and nostalgic memories of their time together. "I will always be his first dance partner on Strictly and we will always have those incredible dances together to look back on and celebrate,” she confirmed. “It’s really great that I got to go on that journey with someone as talented as him." She said she'd also learnt an important life lesson from her experience - not to push herself. "[I'd] get so frustrated with myself and I am the most competitive person, but it made me realise I need to sit back and not be so hard on myself," she told OK! magazine. "Regardless of how my time played out on Strictly, I still had the most incredible experience." She recalled the kindness Kai had shown to her as she struggled with the trauma of her injury - and it sounds as though those same traits are part of what attracted Nadiya to him as well. "He's kind and compassionate and makes me laugh. I feel very relaxed with him," she told the Daily Mail's Weekend magazine of their relationship. DON'T MISS... Jon Kay announces 'new arrival' after Carol Kirkwood's engagement news [LATEST] James Jordan's wife Ola addresses 'difficult' family farewell [INSIGHT] Steph McGovern's rare admission about children with secretive partner [UPDATE] She added: "We're getting to know more and more about each other day by day." Both Nadiya and Kai are currently taking part in the Strictly tour up and down the country. Earlier in the year, Nadiya had dismissed rumours of the romance, simply telling fans not to believe everything they'd been reading. She also has a five year old daughter from a previous relationship with Slovenian pro footballer Matija Skarabot, and has clarified that making her little girl "the happiest child" will always be her biggest responsibility. Meanwhile, AJ is back in the hosting seat to indulge in what she says will always be her biggest passion - presenting. Alongside adventurer Aldo Kane, she jetted to Vietnam earlier this year to film series two of The Bridge. The Channel 4 challenge show sees two teams compete to build a bridge in just 12 days to be in with the chance of winning a £200,000 prize. The much-anticipated show will return to TV later this year.