Sir Lenny Henry has suggested that the casting of 29-year-old Rwandan actor Ncuti Gatwa as Doctor Who is long overdue. "A lot of black fans have been looking at our watches for a while!" he has declared. The 63-year-old once took part in a spoof as the doctor, on the Lenny Henry Show 37 years ago, but now a person of colour has been cast in the role for real - and Lenny is delighted. Insisting that the black community needs greater representation on TV and in society in general, he questioned: "The Crown is great, but can we see ourselves on TV too?" "More power to Russell T Davies," he added to the Radio Times, showing his praise of the director responsible for casting Ncuti. The Rwandan will make his debut next year, following in the footsteps of previous doctors including David Tennant, Jodie Whittaker and Christopher Eccleston. READ NOW: John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning He will be replacing Jodie, who announced last summer that she would be leaving her role in favour of pastures new. Ncuti has previously made a name for himself via the Netflix hit Sex Education, in which he played Eric Effiong. His performance in the show won him a BAFTA in the Scottish award ceremony back in 2020. He was also a nominee at this year's BAFTA TV Awards - and the future is looking increasingly bright for this rising star. Meanwhile Lenny is next due to perform in the BBC adaptation of the book My Name Is Leon, by Kit de Waal. It features the traumas of a young black boy from Birmingham, who is grappling with growing up in the care system. The drama, set in the 1980s, has won Lenny's praise. "I grew up in a working-class neighbourhood in the Black Country, I want to see those stories," he continued to the aforementioned publication. He added: "With people like Kit, Steve McQueen, Malorie Blackman and our team on this - writer Shola Amoo and director Lynette Linton - we're securing a future for British drama." A study last year revealed that more than half of all actors from ethnic minority backgrounds are said to have experienced discrimination in the workplace. 64 percent of 1,300 actors who were quizzed claimed that they had suffered racial stereotyping during auditions. Meanwhile a further 71 percent told of struggling with hair and makeup departments who could not find products that were suited to their hair type or skin tone. Lenny spoke out about the findings, raging that they were a "stain on the entire industry" and urging those responsible for the "failings" to "do better". He has also spoken of his regret that he decided to work for almost five years on the Black and White Minstrel show, after apparently receiving pressure from management and family. "One of the first jokes I wrote was ‘Enoch Powell says he wants to send us all back home, and he wants to give us £1,000, which is great for me because I only live in Dudley!’" he recalled to The Voice of his time on the show. He added: "I realised that if I tell jokes against myself, what am I doing that for?"