Currently, older Britons get free NHS prescriptions when they turn 60, however under current proposals this could rise to state pension age. This would mean a substantial shift, rising the free prescription age from its current level of 60 years old to 66 and rising. Free NHS prescriptions are one of the many benefits given to older Britons and can be a lifeline for those who have multiple medications each year. If a person is not exempt, they will have to meet the £9.35 item charge, which has been frozen for this year. Among those aged between 60 and 65, 3.54 million rely on NHS prescriptions. If the proposals go ahead, millions of Britons could miss out on free prescriptions overnight. READ MORE: Dragons' Den reject told product won't make a 'huge profit' - business made £1m in a year  Another group of people exempt from prescription charges are pregnant women, or those who have had a baby in the past 12 months - as long as they have a valid maternity exemption certificate. Britons who are registered disabled and unable to go out are also exempt, but they must have a valid medical exemption. Additionally, those who have a specified medical condition with this exemption certificate can also get a free prescription. Similarly, if a person has a prescription for their accepted disability under the war pension exemption scheme, they do not have to pay. Britons on low incomes or benefits can also get free prescriptions. People are entitled to free prescriptions if they or their partner (including civil partner) receive, or they are under the age of 20 and the dependant of someone receiving:  Individuals with a valid NHS tax credit exemption certificate will be able to get a free prescription also. People qualify if they get Child Tax Credits, Working Tax Credits with a disability element (or both), and have income for tax credit purposes of £15,276 or less.  NHS inpatients are also a group who are exempt from prescription charges. People who get a valid NHS certificate for full help with health costs will not have to pay. This is known as HC2. If people have a low income, they may be eligible to receive financial help through the NHS Low Income Scheme. The scheme covers: Over 60s may find they fit into another exempt group, and so will not have to meet prescription charges. However, if changes do go ahead, then some will have no choice but to meet the payment. The NHS has pointed Britons towards a simple way to find out if they are eligible for free prescriptions or help with health costs. Their eligibility checker, available online, will provide people with the clarity they need on this.