Leanne (played by Jane Danson) was left holiday baby Alfie in the latest episode of Coronation Street as her sister Toyah (Georgia Taylor) was ready to report Abi Franklin (Sally Carman) to the police. The latter had made an attempt to abduct her son but she was caught out by Imran Habeeb (Charlie De Melo), who realised he had made a grave error by falsely telling the courts the mother of his child was taking drugs. As he tried to explain the truth to his wife, a tragedy unfolded which left both of their lives in peril on the ITV soap. Kevin Webster (Michael Le Vell) had previously taken in the Habeebs car to do some work on it at the garage as part of a distraction technique to allow his wife Abi time to flee the cobbles. This plan ultimately failed and Toyah left Alfie with Leanne after getting him back from Abi and took a taxi to the police station. Imran was the one who picked up the car and in his eyes, there was nothing wrong with it as he believed Kevin had falsely claimed there was a problem to help his spouse. After stopping his wife from reporting the mother of his child, Imran told Toyah they would drive back to the cobbles and she would have to get behind the wheel as he had drunk some alcohol. Unfortunately, the car ended up crashing into some scaffolding, but viewers were not shown the lead up to the tragedy. READ MORE: Vera's Aiden Healy confirms 'break' from series Back in Weatherfield, Leanne was getting anxious about her sister's whereabouts, not realising she had been in a crash. With her partner, Nick Tilsley (Ben Price) holding baby Alfie, Leanne said: "Do you think he's ok? He's going to need feeding soon. "Toyah's been gone ages," she remarked, with her partner looking very comfortable holding the child in his arms as he tried to reassure her nothing was wrong. Nick said: "You know what the police are like. She will have to wait and then she will have to make her statement. It's fine." "Even so, he's going to need a feed and she said she would be back," an irritable Leanne added. Leanne tried to call her sister and the closing scenes of the episode showed the phone ringing, with Toyah and Imran both unconscious in the car. It has not been confirmed if anyone will die as a result of the accident but it could be possible both the characters are going to exit. As it seems they have both sustained serious injuries, it could be a huge twist if the writers decide to kill both Toyah and Imran. Recent reports have claimed the actor who plays Imran, Charlie, is going to be leaving whilst hints have been dropped the actress who plays Toyah, Georgia, will be staying. This could all be a red-herring to keep the double death a secret, with Spider Nugent (Martin Hancock) possibly returning for Toyah's funeral. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street's Harriet Bibby on 'important' storyline [COMMENT]Corrie star Adam Rickitt's wife Katy bids farewell to ITV colleague [COMMENT]Corrie's Simon Gregson reacts to 'awful' acting claim [COMMENT] If both of them do succumb to their injuries, many would think Alfie's mother Abi would be next in line to take custody of her son. However, given both she and her husband Kevin will be questioned as part of the investigation into the crash, the next person in line could be Leanne. The mother-of-two suffered the loss of her son, Oliver Battersby (Emmanuel and Jeremiah Cheetham) almost two years ago. In the aftermath of her son's death, she found herself drawn into the world of drugs as she tried to save her son, Simon Barlow (Alex Bain), from villain Harvey Gaskell (Will Mellor). She has also had to become a stepmother to Nick's son, Sam Blakeman (Jude Riordan), so she could be ready to take on a baby. Although she would have some fears about looking after a baby, she could settle into the role naturally as she becomes a mother figure to Alfie. However, if Abi is found not guilty of tampering with the car, will she have to fight into another custody battle to get her son back from Leanne? The mother-of-two could be willing to put up a fight, seeing Alfie as a replacement for the hole left in her heart by Oliver's death. The actress who plays Abi, Sally, has teased there will be more drama falling at her doorstep in the coming weeks and this could be the time she loses Alfie for good. Speaking with Express.co.uk and other media, the soap star said: "Abi has done loads of things wrong in the past." "But she's also had many moments of being accused of doing things she hasn't done," the actress continued. "Abi's instant fear is: 'This is going to get pinned on us and we haven't actually done anything.' She's really, really concerned and worried about what Kevin did to the car and she's wanting a lot of reassurance. "Kevin reassures her that it's fine, but it's just going from bad to worse all the time for her, so it's hard to have a rational brain about it." But Sally said her character would be willing to fight if necessary, adding: "Abi wants this child and she is determined, this time, that nothing is going to come between her and Alfie." Does this include battling it out with Leanne in court? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.