British tourists visiting Spain will need to comply with new tourist laws on alcohol. The UK Government has now issued a warning. It said: “Legislation introduced by the Regional Government in the Balearic Islands, covering designated areas within the resorts of Magaluf and Playa de Palma on the island of Mallorca, and San Antonio, on the island of Ibiza, places limits on the sale and availability of alcohol. “In designated areas of the resorts of San Antonio, Magaluf and Playa de Palma there are prohibitions on happy hours, open bars, the sale of alcohol from vending machines, self-service alcohol dispensers and the organising of pub-crawls and party boat trips. “The law also prohibits off-licence sales between 9:30pm and 8am. READ MORE: Britons will need Covid certificate for at least another six months “In addition, hotels and other establishments are obliged to evict clients found to be behaving dangerously on balconies, with fines for both the client and the establishment.” ‘Balconing’ is when tourists attempt to climb on balconies and jump from one terrace to another at a hotel. It is extremely dangerous and has led to the sad deaths of several tourists in Spain. It could also put other tourists at risk. British tourists could face a heavy fine if they are caught ‘balconing’ as the Spanish Government attempts to stop the practice. The Government also issued a warning over serious accidents at parties in some areas of Spain. It said: “There have been a number of serious accidents involving people attending irregular commercially promoted parties in villas and private homes on the islands of Ibiza and Mallorca. “Licensed clubs and bars are required to meet safety and security standards, including emergency exits and capacity limits and to have trained, licensed security staff. “Irregular commercial parties may not meet these standards. “You should take care of your belongings, ensure you know where emergency exits are located and not take unnecessary risks. “Heavy fines may be imposed by local authorities to anyone attending irregular commercial parties.” British holidaymakers could face fines of thousands of pounds for attending illegal parties in Spain. They could also put themselves at risk as safety standards may not be up to scratch for a mass event. Spanish tourist regions such as Magaluf and Ibiza are aiming to change their reputation as party destinations. Magaluf in particular has made headlines over the last decade for raucous and rowdy behaviour. Tourists have been spotted engaging in public sex, fighting, vandalism and excessive drunkeness. The resort has expressed a desire to encourage ‘quality’ tourism over ‘quantity’.