Jon Clarke, a journalist who was one of the first on the scene in Praia da Luz in 2007, and Jutte Rabe, a German investigative journalist who previously worked on Sat.1’s documentary about Brueckner, are currently working on a new documentary looking into the convicted rapist and child sexual abuser. Revealing some of the shocking new details they have found yesterday (Saturday), they said that the prime suspect in German prosecutor’s investigation into Maddie’s disappearance had his jaw reset and his “rabbit” teeth secretly fixed. The fresh revelations come just days after Mark Williams-Thomas – a former police officer turned investigator, who previously exposed Jimmy Savile – released the first half of a new documentary into Brueckner. He argued in the documentary and in statements to the media that he believed the suspect to be innocent due to a lack of hard evidence linking him to Maddie’s vanishing. Hans Christian Wolters, spokesperson for the public prosecutors’ office in Braunschweig, told the programme that they so far had no forensic evidence for the death of Madeleine, but would not comment on whether they had any evidence linking Brueckner to her. He later rubbished Mr Williams-Thomas’s claims as “speculations” and “nothing new” to this website. READ MORE: Madeleine McCann mystery deepens after evidence 'concealed' Christian Brueckner has always denied all allegations in relation to the disappearance of Madeleine McCann. Ahead of the new documentary being released, Mr Clarke wrote in the i newspaper that, despite the much-hyped claims of the show, “there actually is no alibi for 3 May 2007, the night Maddie went missing. “And German police have double-checked that. I worked on the show, but my beliefs do not coincide with Mr Williams-Thomas’s narrative, that Brueckner is innocent.” Now, Mr Clarke and Ms Rabe claim they have uncovered information that Brueckner flew from Portugal, where he was living at the time, back to German in September 2007, while a Europe-wide manhunt for Maddie was underway. Soon after, an artist’s impression of the suspect by an FBI-trained artist showed a man with protruding teeth, who had been seen lurking near the McCanns’ Ocean Club apartment. Sources told the documentary pair that Brueckner later renewed his German passport to fly back to Portugal, after having the operation for an estimated £7,500. Writing about their finds in the Sun, Mr Clarke and Ms Rabe said they had “exposed gaping holes in [Brueckner’s] claims of innocence”, and have supplied the German authorities with a dossier of evidence. The two also claimed they spoke to a new witness, who revealed Brueckner knew the holiday complex where the McCanns were staying “inside out”. DON'T MISS:Brexit LIVE: Outrage as EU poised to wipe out £1M in NI funding [BLOG]Britain to host Eurovision next year as Ukraine unlikely to be able [INTERVIEW]Putin mouthpiece justifies invasion of Warsaw in chilling threat [VIDEO] It follows claims earlier this year that he had repeatedly worked there as an occasional handyman, which he was known to have done to make money alongside drug dealing. Mr Wolters told Express.co.uk last month that they hope to bring new charges, unrelated to Madeleine McCann, against Brueckner over his other alleged crimes very soon. It is believed that among those charges will be one for the alleged brutal rape of Irish tour rep Hazel Behan in 2004. Prosecutors are also said to be confident they can charge Brueckner for an alleged indecent exposure in front of a 10-year-old girl on a beach down the coast nineteen days before Maddie disappeared. On April 9, 2007, a German child was playing on the beach at Salema, about seven miles from Praia da Luz, when a naked man came up to her, grabbed her arm and began masturbating, according to multiple reports. Her sister raised the alarm, and the assailant ran off towards a beach park Brueckner was known to have stayed while living out of a camper van. When the girl and her sister gave a statement to the police, they noted he had teeth “like a rabbit”. In a letter to one of his supporters from his Oldenburg prison cell, acquired by Mr Clarke at the start of May, Brueckner reportedly claimed that the German police had “sourced” a 1999 prison dentist file which said he had a protruding jaw, which he insisted was “definitely not me”. Mr Wolters has said he has “everything he needs” to bring fresh charges against Brueckner in the Salema case. The supposed alibi uncovered in Mr Williams-Thomas’s documentary “doesn’t trouble us at all”, he said, as prosecutors have checked all of Brueckner’s former girlfriends. A source told Mr Clarke and Ms Rabe that “none could give a clear testimony” for the night in question to investigators. Nicole Fehlinger, a German whom this year outed herself as a former lover of Brueckner’s while she was living in Foral, Portugal, in 2007, previously told the Mail on Sunday she could not remember him arriving at her house the night Madeleine went missing. According to the new investigation, she told German police he had called her that night, telling her he was “on a long journey”.