Tottenham target Alessandro Bastoni has made it very clear how he feels about Spurs boss Antonio Conte. The duo worked together at Inter Milan, with Conte now reportedly eyeing a summer blockbuster transfer to bring his former player to the Premier League. Conte handed Bastoni his Inter debut during the early stages of the 2019/20 season. And the 23-year-old centre-back became a key figure in the team during his ex-manager’s two-year spell at the San Siro as Inter went on to win their first Serie A title in 11 years last season. “He was the one who consecrated me,” Bastoni said earlier this year in an interview with DAZN. “I owe him the 90 per cent of what I am today. He gave me so much technically but also in terms of mentality. Not every coach plays a 20-year-old guy in a team like Inter. I owe him so much.” Bastoni has gone on to make 117 appearances for Inter and could yet help his team win their second consecutive league title this afternoon. The Nerazzurri start the day two points off top spot but will be crowned champions if they beat Sampdoria and leaders AC Milan slip up against Sassuolo. READ MORE: Liverpool offered Eddie Nketiah transfer advice as Arsenal forward weighs up future    Conte will lead Tottenham to Champions League qualification this afternoon if his side beat bottom-of-the-table Norwich at Carrow Road in their final game of the season. And the 52-year-old will be desperate for reinforcements this summer. According to Corriere dello Sport, Conte has put Bastoni at the top of his defensive wishlist and the club are willing to bid for him. But Inter could demand up to £60million for the ace. Bastoni has become a regular in the Italy team over the last year-and-a-half and was part of his country’s Euro 2020 squad as they defeated England on penalties in the final last summer. And his performances for club and country have brought him to the attention of other top clubs across Europe, with Manchester City also reportedly keen to sign him. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'have three signings on table' as Erik ten Hag transfer budget revealedNottingham Forest fan Robert Biggs jailed for 24 weeks for Billy Sharp headbuttGabriel Jesus 'decides stance' on Arsenal transfer without Champions League football      The ace is contracted to Inter until the summer of 2024 and is said to be happy with life in Milan. But he could well be tempted to link-up with his former mentor Conte and get a taste of life in the Premier League. If Spurs can get their hands on the ace, Conte will be confident of leading his team to another fine season next time around. The Italian has overseen an upturn in fortunes since taking over from Nuno Espirito Santo last November. And he has also been tipped to sign the likes of John McGinn, Lautaro Martinez and Denzel Dumfries this summer to bolster his ranks. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 