BBC Weather's Darren Bett revealed that mercury is expected to remain in the high teens and low 20s in the south and east of England. Warm weather in the south of England on Friday saw conditions come close to but just miss out on being the hottest of the year so far. He said: "It's going to be a fine day today. A lot of weather around and lots of sunshine and it will feel warm in the sunshine as well. "There is some low cloud heading our way at the moment but if we look out in the Atlantic, this cloud is going to bring some changes in the northwest tomorrow. "Overnight tonight we're going to find the wind picking up in the northwest of the UK. "The thickening cloud will come in and we'll start to see some rain as well but it is likely to be dry and clear. "A little bit of a chilly start to tomorrow across East Anglia and the northeast, must milder than the northwest. READ MORE: Forecasters warn 40% chance Britain to be battered by storm "High pressure sitting over the UK at the moment is going to get squeezed away towards the east allowing these weather fronts to move down tomorrow and bring with it the rain. "We're going to find it getting wetter more widely tomorrow across Northern Ireland. "After a bright start withouth the clouds in England and Wales we will see the cloud tending to increase from the northwest but it's likely to stay dry. "With the sunshine across the southeastern parts, it's going to be quit warm with temperatures getting up to 23C." The mercury rose to 23.3C (73.9F) at St James's Park in London, just shy of the 23.4C (74.1F) recorded on April 15 at the same location, the Met Office said. A high of 23C is possible again on Monday, according to the Met Office, with temperatures in the high teens for much of the south of England. But while some will enjoy above-average temperatures, cloud conditions and rain are expected to move across the country, the forecaster said. Meteorologist Dan Stroud said there will be "decent sunny spells" across much of England and Wales, with temperatures cooler for Scotland and Northern Ireland. DON'T MISS What to do in the garden in May: Plants, weeds and pests [INSIGHT]UK hot weather: Britain set for 25C early summer record heat [ANALYSIS]BBC Weather: Britons warned 'have a brolly at hand!' amid downpours [VIDEO] He said: "We're thinking at the moment we're going to see a legacy of cloud and outbreaks of rain clear in the south-east on Saturday morning and then brightening up from the north and the west," he said. "Some decent sunny spells and feeling rather warm in the sunshine across many areas of England and Wales. "Temperatures a bit cooler further north, closer to the seasonal average in Northern Ireland and Scotland." Next week is "a bit of a mixed bag", Mr Stroud said.