Fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch have shared their hacks once again for stain removal. Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, is a cleaning expert and lifestyle influencer with more than 4.4 million followers on Instagram. She often shares her cleaning tips on the social media platform as well as DIY, gardening and tidying tips. Fans of hers have also shared their own tips on social media via groups dedicated to cleaning hacks. On one such group, Facebook user Liz Bryant asked Mrs Hinch fans: “Any idea how to get dried blood out from a white top?” Liz’s post was inundated with responses from fellow cleaning enthusiasts. However, the most popular response was to use Elbow Grease spray. Moira Philpott replied: “I spray Elbow Grease onto the spot then wash as normal - I bleed a lot after injections. It works every time.” READ MORE: House prices MAPPED: Average house sold prices in the UK Iris Dawn said: “Elbow Grease spray or Vanish Oxy Crystal. “Both work great for removing blood stains.” Carla Jefferson wrote: “Spray with Elbow Grease and normal wash.” Samantha Flexy Fletcher agreed and said: “Yellow Elbow Grease spray.” Tracey Webster commented: “Elbow Grease and toothpaste.”  DON'T MISSOven cleaning: How to clean oven door glass under 5 minutes - ‘cheap’ [INSIGHT]Top home remedies for getting rid of ants - 'they didn't come back' [UPDATE]‘Easy tips’ to keep fresh flowers ‘blooming’ for longer [ANALYSIS] Elbow Grease spray is an all-purpose degreaser ad multi-purpose spray that is reportedly effective on most surfaces. It can be used for removing grease from fabrics, metals and even plastics. The cleaning product is also relatively affordable with B&M selling it for just 89p. Morrisons and Savers also sell the product for £1. Other suggestions for removing blood stains from laundry included using salty water, milk, dish soap and hydrogen peroxide. Georgina Chandler said: “Always soak blood stains in cold salted water, then wash as normal. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Heat sets blood stain but the salt will break it down first.” Linda Ann Southern replied: “Soak in cold water and salt.” Jeanette Poole wrote: “Yellow Fairy Liquid with water. “Rub then put it in your washing machine - works amazingly.” Holly Anne said: “Son split his forehead open soaking his top in blood and mine from carrying him.  “Mine was white and honestly rubbed washing up liquid on all the blood, scrubbed with cold water then left it to soak in a deep sink of cold water for a few hours. “Then wash and honestly it was all gone!” Jane Collins said: “Soak in blue top milk, leave for about 10 minutes then rub the top together where the blood is then you should see the blood come out. “Works every time for me then just put in washer.” Kelly Singleton commented: “Hydrogen Peroxide, £1 at the chemist.”