The actor's reps at SMS Talent confirmed to The Hollywood Reporter that he died in LA this past Saturday. Jack Kehler died due to complications of leukaemia at Cedars Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, aged 75. Jack’s, who was born in 1946 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, acting career had humble beginnings, as his first role was as a gas station attendant in Strange Invaders, in 1983. He then had a recurring role as Sergeant Cooper in the comedy series Fresno. The actor went on to appear in some of the most popular films at that time, including appearing in Kathryn Bigelow’s 1991 thriller Point Break, with Keanu Reeves and Patrick Swayze, Grand Canyon and Waterworld. Jack also landed more roles in the adventure TV series McKenna and mystery series Murder One. READ MORE... Lorraine Kelly pays tribute to Deborah James after final post He is best known for playing Dude’s Landlord in The Big Lebowski. He went on to play a state department official in Lethal Weapon 4. More recently, Jack appeared in TV shows including 7th Heaven, NYPD Blue, 24, and Mad Men; and films Men in Black II and Fever Pitch. Many will remember Jack from his notable recent work as Harlan Wyndam-Matson in The Man In The High Castle. The dystopian series, loosely based on Philip K. Dick's novel of the same name, explorest what the world might look like had the outcome of World War II turned out differently. Jack’s last TV role was as landlord in the show Love, Victor. Jack is survived by his wife, Shawn Casey, and his son, Eddie Kehler, daughter-in-law Mari-Anne and grandson Liam. Television writer Jay Faerber took to Twitter and wrote: “Sad to hear of Jack Kehler’s passing. DON'T MISS: Monty Don sparks frenzy as he announces 'perfect' new family arrival [UPDATE]BBC's Deborah James bids farewell as she moves to hospice at home care [LATEST]Alan Sugar brands Johnny Depp 'nutter’ and insults Amber Heard [COMMENT] “Such a great character actor." “I particularly loved him as ‘the inventor of Scrabble’ in The Last Boy Scout”. Fellow actor and friend of Jack Jeff Daniel Phillips wrote on Twitter: “With a heavy heart I say goodbye to my dear talented friend #JackKehler who passed after a battle with Leukemia.   “A consummate pro & dedicated artist (& later father) who gave everything to all his roles on screen & stage. “I’ll miss his infectious laugh the most. Rest easy Jack.” Actor Jim Howick added: “For his performance in Lebowski alone, Jack Kehler will be remembered forever.”