Ruth Langsford and Eamonn Holmes have been married for almost 12 years and are arguably daytime TV’s most famous couple. But they almost broke up in the early days of their romance, had Ruth allowed Eamonn his way. During a This Morning phone in about whether you should ever get back with a former partner, Eamonn admitted he and Ruth almost didn’t make it. He told agony aunt Vanessa Feltz: “You know, 20 odd years ago plus I tried to make Ruth my ex.” Ruth laughed and shook her head, sighing: “t was our first row. You're so dramatic.” Eamonn continued: “I said, 'That's it, this is not working, goodbye.' And I went to close the door and she pushed it back and do you know what she said to me? “'Oh, don't be stupid'.” Ruth chuckled and joked that the pair had been “rowing ever since”. The couple were famously dropped from This Morning after 15 years at the helm, and replaced by Dermot O’Leary and Alison Hammond. Eamonn has since signed up to front GB News, no doubt supported by his Loose Women panellist wife. The pair met in 1997 when they were introduced by their mutual friend Sally Meen. Eamonn hosted GMTV at the time, while Ruth had just moved to London in a bid to break into mainstream television. It was two years since he split from his first wife, Gabrielle Holmes, the mother of his eldest three kids, Declan, Rebecca and Niall. Ruth and Eamonn now also share son Jack, 20. DON'T MISS... Victoria Beckham spills on Mel B's MBE as Scary Spice goes commando [INSTAGRAM] Naga Munchetty sparks concern after BBC Breakfast absence [TV]Steph McGovern and partner forced to make change due to daughter [INSIGHT] Becoming a blended family isn’t always easy, and Ruth admitted Eamonn was keen to ensure the whole thing was handled respectfully, refusing to be pictured with her at first. But it was this gentlemanly side that made Ruth fall even more in love with him. "I thought it spoke volumes about the sort of man he was, the sort of father he was and the integrity he had. "It made me love him more, not less," Ruth told the Daily Mail in November 2017. The QVC star previously revealed she would have liked to have had more children with Eamonn, but the timing didn’t work out. "I was 42 when I had Jack, and I always knew, way before I met Eamonn, in my grand plan of life, I wanted to have children, I didn't meet Eamonn until I was 37,” she said. "I would have liked to have had more children, but everything in life is about timing and my timing has always been later than sooner,” the mum-of-one added to Closer.