 The pictures were taken by the Duchess of Cambridge, who has become somewhat of an official royal photographer, having taken many of the photos used to celebrate the children’s birthdays. In recent weeks, royal fans have been delighted to see more of the Cambridges, particularly Prince George and Princess Charlotte who shocked fans with their sudden growth spurts and apparent grace and maturity.   Instagram user Crownjuls64 commented: “Charlotte is an absolutely beautiful little girl she is growing up so fast!” On Twitter, other fans praised the Duchess’s photography skills, with user @flyingboomerang tweeting: “Omg. This is so precious. Happy birthday to Princess Charlotte. “Again, The Duchess of Cambridge does a wonderful job in capturing precious and candid moments of her children. “Thank you so much for sharing your children’s milestones with us.”    Many royal fans even noted how similar the Princess looks to both her great-grandmother the Queen as a young girl and her father Prince William, with some users arguing over whom she looks like more. Twitter user @lovecambridges: said: “wishing the happiest birthday to Princess Charlotte she is so beautiful and looks so much like her dad.” Meanwhile, on Instagram, @msaddelineslaterr commented: “I don’t think she ever looked like the Queen. Like I said, the Queen looked so different when she was younger. READ MORE: Facial yoga practitioner shares 'best' anti-ageing morning routine  "Charlotte always looked the most like her dad, way more than her brothers too.” @tlgassler replied: “I think she really looks like the Queen in the second picture. The smile and the way her teeth are.” Other fans waded into the discussion noting that Charlotte “is such a beauty like her mum”. Just over a week ago, royal fans were also gifted three pictures of Prince Louis to honour his fourth birthday which delighted many fans who have rarely seen the youngest Cambridge child. However, the photographs of Charlotte show her sitting in a field of bluebells in Norfolk near their home at Amner Hall. DON'T MISS: Royal POLL: Should Prince Andrew be stripped of York dukedom? (POLL)How to deal with rats in your garden - 5 non-toxic ways to banish rats (INSIGHT)Spain all-inclusive alcohol ban - full list of affected areas (REVEAL)  The Princess can also be seen smiling with her gapped-tooth smile as her arm is wrapped around their family dog Orla, a black cocker spaniel. The puppy was chosen last year from the litter of James Middleton’s dog Luna who was the sister of the Cambridges' late dog Lupo. It is thought that both Princess Charlotte and Prince George helped choose Orla from the litter. A spokeswoman announced: “The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are delighted to share three new photographs of Princess Charlotte. “The photographs were taken in Norfolk this weekend by the Duchess.” 