Due to the Queen's ongoing health struggles, other members of the Royal Family have been forced to step up and represent Her Majesty during royal engagements. A senior family member, in particular, is her eldest son, and heir to the throne, Prince Charles. State Opening of Parliament is the main ceremonial event in the parliamentary calendar and will happen on May 10 this year. Speaking on Sky News, royal expert Robert Jobson claims that this upcoming event could see Charles stepping in to represent his mother, Queen Elizabeth II. Mr Jobson said: "The Queen came to the throne at 25-years-old and she's now the oldest and living monarch we've ever had so it's going to be something to repeat". He added: "I think we are seeing changes at the moment. "We have got the State Opening of Parliament, will the Queen be there. "It will be more likely to be the Prince of Wales, effectively being a King without a crown". Sky News host Kay Burley and Mr Jobson also discussed the upcoming royal garden parties. READ MORE: Prince Harry struggled with 'damaging' label since childhood 'Diana tried to shield him' Ms Burley said: "She's not going to be taking part in the garden parties we are told this summer. "She is stepping further back". It is reported that the "much-loved" 96-year-old's ongoing health stuggles include mobility issues. Ms Burley also added: "We wonder what the monarchy will look like once she isn't with us". READ MORE: Prince Harry makes 'special announcement' as Duke speaks out in rare TV appearance Mr Jobson answered: "Well, that is a very important point. "I think for the garden parties, we all sort of imagine it is just tea in the garden but as you know, as I know, that she would have to walk for about an hour down a long route of people before she gets to the diplomatic tent". In February, the Queen contracted Coronavirus. She tested positive shortly after Prince Charles and Camilla tested positive. She was said to be, at the time, suffering from "mild cold-like symptoms". DON'T MISS Meghan 'loathed' England but may 'come back for biggest role' - claim [ANALYSIS]Queen in 'lose-lose situation' as Harry and Meghan to steal spotlight [INSIGHT]Meghan 'stole the soundbite' off Kate in rare Fab 4 outing [VIDEO] Aside from contracting Coronavirus in Ferbuary, Queen Elizabeth II has suffered from some other health difficulties in recent months, including a hospital stay at the end of 2021. The Queen is celebrating a 70-year reign this year and celebrations are due to take place next month. According to an earlier royal source, it was reported that the Queen's appearance on the balcony, during her Jubilee celebrations next month, is "not guaranteed".