Kate Middleton's eyebrows looked thick and full at last night's premiere, which she attended with her husband. All eyes were on the Duchess as she laughed and chatted with leading man Tom Cruise. One expert, however, was looking at the Duchess's eyebrows. Celebrity Brow Specialist Sian Dellar told Express.co.uk: "The first thing I noticed, after how incredible she looked, was how defined, high and groomed Kate's eyebrows were. "They are looking bigger, bushier and more defined than ever!" Previously, after Kate's appearance at the James Bond premiere earlier in the year, beauty therapists speculated the Duchess had a lamination treatment on her brows. However, new pictures suggest the Duchess may have had another treatment, Sian said. READ MORE: Prince William ‘backs down’ as Tom Cruise ‘uses his charm on’ Kate with ‘gallant’ gesture "I have believed in the past that Kate may have had brow lamination due to the straightness and fluffiness of the brow hairs seen in previous pictures, but last night we see no sign of this. "To me, it looks very much like she’s recently had HD brows and a lot of pencilling to make them appear even thicker and higher than they usually do. "Her full brow is very youthful and frames her face really well." Kate's eyebrows have been on somewhat of a beauty journey over the years, the beauty therapist suggested. DON'T MISSPrince Harry 'really does mean business' in new clip [BODY LANGUAGE] 'Enjoys the status' Prince Harry is 'living his best life' in USA [INSIGHT] Prince George is 'shy' and shows 'no signs of enjoying status yet' [EXPERT] She said: "Kate’s brows have certainly evolved over the years. "We can see that in the early years Kate’s brows were much thinner at the ends suggesting she may have over-tweezed when she was younger. "She has since grown them out and now Kate's brows are looking a lot fuller and fluffy giving her a much more groomed shape." Sian is a brow specialist and founder of Sian Dellar Permanent Makeup Clinic. The Duchess looked incredible in an off-the-shoulder black and white grown. The dress is by designer Roland Mouret and is called the Lamble Off-The Shoulder Two-Tone Gown, in Black/White. Kate's dress is said to cost costs £2,700 according to The Daily Express' official royal reporter, Richard Palmer. She also wore sparkly star earrings, believed to be from Robinson Pelham. They are the Tsar Star Studs and Drops and cost a staggering £10,560. According to reports, the look has caused a surge in Britons shopping for similar dresses. Google searches for Bardot dresses surged by 263 percent this morning. There was also a 100 percent rise in demand for "star earrings" to match the Duchess’s.