The First Lady has been airing on Showtime and the series follows three First Ladies of the United States. Eleanor Roosevelt (played by Gillian Anderson), Betty Ford (Michelle Pfeiffer) and Michelle Obama (Viola Davis) have all come into the spotlight. Actress Kathleen Garrett plays Laura Bush in the series and she spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about working alongside Davis. The anthology series is full of drama and scandal as it depicts some of the biggest obstacles experienced by previous US presidents. In the episode due to air on May 22, Michelle pushes her husband Barack (OT Fagbenle) to take a moral stand in favour of marriage equality. Garrett said working alongside Michelle actress Davis was "a gift" when she spoke to Express.co.uk. She added: "It was very difficult and stressful to play such iconic women, but Viola is all about the work and making it real. "She is a true star: personable, generous, down-to-earth, fun, and open. READ MORE: ‘He was two dimensional’ Emmerdale’s Jeff Hordley criticises Cain "I am honoured to share the screen with her. She brought out my A-game." Garrett said taking on the role of a real person such as George W Bush's wife Laura was one of her biggest challenges to date. She continued: "You have to be at the top of your game to share the stage with someone of that calibre. "I hope to be honoured to work with her again. And, I have to say, her husband Julius is just as delightful and generous. "What a beautiful and special couple." She went on to praise the rest of the talented cast and crew as part of a wider tribute. The star added: "I’d say I was honoured more than starstruck to be a part of a brilliant cast, producers, director, and crew. "This is a special show, and everyone’s work is exceptional in this collaboration." Laura Bush is a recurring character in the series and she has a number of scenes with Michelle Obama. Garrett is on Instagram and she shared a behind the scenes snap of herself along with her co-stars Davis and Fagbenle. DON'T MISS... Billions season 7: Will there be another series? [INSIGHT] Yellowjackets star Melanie Lynskey defends show's sex scenes [INTERVIEW] Homeland’s Claire Danes lands new role after drama’s ending [INSIGHT] In a separate post, which included a photo of herself with Davis, she continued to praise the Academy Award-winning actress. She gushed: "Nothing says [star] better than fooling around on set-and being brilliant on screen. @violadavis, you are a gift." Another behind the scenes shot included the caption: "A true star is @violadavis. With her fab husband Julius Tennon. What a great couple." Garrett's other credits include Inventing Anna, Power Book II: Ghost and Law & Order. She has played all kinds of characters in the past but taking on a real-life political figure was something new. The actress told Express.co.uk: "I knew generally about her before getting the role-her passion for education, and women’s rights in third world countries like Afghanistan. "But I knew little about the person who she really was, her personality, her past, her love and devotion to her husband and family." As she was cast shortly before filming started, she did not have much time to prepare for the role. She said: "Thank heavens Mrs Bush wrote and narrated an autobiography. "I was able to kill two birds with one stone-learn about her life and hear her voice."  The First Lady returns to Showtime on Sunday at 9pm