Liverpool legend Dietmar Hamann has warned Mohamed Salah that 'karma' may strike him ahead of this weekend's Champions League final. Salah had revealed that he is out for revenge after being forced off injured in the 2018 final with an arm injury inflicted during a tacking with Sergio Ramos. But Hamann, who won the Champions League with the Reds in 2005, believes that Salah is opening himself up to potential harm. The German insisted that Salah's comments will only add fuel to the fire driving Madrid to wanting to win their seventh European Cup. "When you throw a comment like this into the world, I think you need to be worried about karma. I’m not saying Salah was disrespectful, but he said something that he didn’t need to say and sometimes these comments catch up with you," Hamann told Lord Ping. "If I was his team mate, that would be something I would be thinking about leading up to the game. I think it is better to leave these things alone and do your talking on the pitch. If you want to make a comment afterwards, then fine." READ MORE: Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane 'looking at Kylian Mbappe' after new deal Hamann also slammed Salah for his comments about taking revenge before the game has even been played. The legendary midfielder insisted that the Egyptian should have kept his talking to the pitch, rather than making digs at former Madrid players. "I didn’t like the comments. I don’t like the word “revenge” for a start when it comes to football. After he made those comments, he picked up an injury a couple of days later and it was touch and go as to whether he could play the match. I’d rather he did his talking after the final, hopefully after winning it," he added. DON'T MISS: Liverpool have absolutely nailed five transfer decisions in past year (ANALYSIS)Liverpool pattern under Jurgen Klopp may need to change vs Real Madrid (INSIGHT)Liverpool could repeat Jurgen Klopp transfer trick with three players (TRANSFERS) "I don’t think it helps anyone talking like this before the match. Did Ramos do it on purpose? Only he knows, but I don’t think he did. No doubt it was a turning point in the game because he had to come off, but these things can happen in football and I didn’t like the comment at all, no." Ramos will not even be on the pitch for Salah to take his revenge, with the defender having joined Paris Saint-Germain last summer. Salah will be attempting to win his second Champions League, having helped Liverpool to pick up the 2019 trophy.