If he is feeling hounded then he only has himself to blame. How could he think his own behaviour would not come under scrutiny as he launched vitriolic attacks on Prime Minister Boris Johnson over lockdown-breaking drinks in Westminster? Of course the public was angry at the breaches and rightly so. Those who make the rules for us should abide by them.  But for months there have been more important things for politicians to concentrate on - such as Covid, the war in Ukraine and the cost-of-living crisis. They were all glossed over by the Opposition leader in favour of scoring points.While the attacks on theTories over Partygate seemed to play well, Sir Keir was happy to claim the moral high ground. Now he looks for all the world like a plaster saint. There may be little he can do to repair the serious damage done to his much vaunted integrity, but Sir Keir should do as Mr Johnson did: say "Sorry", take the consequences, and let's all move on to the issues that really matter. Daily Express readers will hardly need telling that the GP service is in crisis. Millions of people were unable to see their doctor face-to-face during Covid and thousands still struggle to get an appointment, but that is just one side of the coin. The chief of the GPs' professional body has laid bare the extent to which General Practitioners are at breaking point because of "unsustainable" workloads making them ill. Professor Martin Marshall says that, in spite of more GPs in training, just as many experienced doctors are opting to quit, leaving more work for those who remain. Losing yet more burnt-out GPs from the profession can only make a dire situation worse.This health emergency needs to be sorted out - and quickly - because GPs are suffering, and patients too.  To generations of TV watchers, Dennis Waterman was ever-present in their lives; a much-loved frequent visitor to their living rooms. From playing mischievous schoolboy William in the early 1960s, to superstardom as Detective Sergeant George Carter in the '70s,Arthur Daley's affable Minder Terry McCann in the '80s and 12 series of New Tricks as irascible DS Gerry Standing through the Noughties, his screen career spanned an amazing 60 years. Waterman was a versatile and talented actor and singer perhaps best remembered for his swinging fists in The Sweeney and Minder, but every role he played, from Shakespeare to comedy, packed a punch.