Victoria Beckham, 48, couldn't resist making a cheeky joke about “opening the show” at her and David Beckham’s son Brooklyn’s wedding. Their eldest child married 27-year old Bates Motel actress Nicola Peltz last month in a star-studded bash in Florida. Victoria spoke to Vogue about the nuptials and mischievously boasted she and David were front and centre. The singer-turned-designer referenced the fashion world by referring to the aisle as “the runway”. She said: “David and I are the first ones out on the runway. “I mean the aisle! Well, we are opening the show." Last week, Victoria took to Instagram to share a series of unseen pictures from the $3million oceanfront wedding. The snaps showed Victoria and David alongside A-listers including Eva Longoria, Serena Williams and Marc Anthony. The first picture was a group photo in which Victoria looked chic in a black dress with crochet-detailing. Eva dazzled in a long-sleeve coral silk gown, while Serena wore a fabulous leather minidress. Marc, David, and Victoria's longtime friend Ken Paves all wore black pants and white shirts casually unbuttoned. A second picture showed Victoria in a selfie with her youngest daughter Harper and her friend Eva. In view of her 30 million Instagram followers, Victoria penned: "Friday night throwback celebrating with friends post wedding! “We love you!!! @davidbeckham @evalongoria @kenpaves @serenawilliams @amberridinger @lorenridinger @marcanthony @nadiatferreira #HarperSeven." DON'T MISS...Amal Clooney, 44, wows in floral gown at Prince's Trust Awards [PICTURES]Martin and Shirlie Kemp's 'dream come true' for future grandchildren [INSIGHT]Michael Jackson’s horrific animal abuse exposed [LATEST] Meanwhile, Brooklyn and Nicola seemed to have settled into married life just fine, with Beckhams' eldest child getting a new tattoo in honour of his wife. He revealed the inking, containing his wedding vows, yesterday in an Instagram post shared with his 14 million followers. The lengthy text reads: "Nicola when you walked down the aisle you took my breath away you look so beautiful tonight and always. "Let me start by saying that words cannot even describe my love for you just looking at you I see my future and it feels like a dream. “You are my world and I continue to fall more in love with you every single day. Having you in my life is the best thing that has ever happened to me as you have made me become the man I am today.” The inking, located on his inner arm, also reveals Brooklyn’s excitement ahead of his big day. It continued: “I have been looking forward to this day for so long, because today is the day I get to marry you, my forever babe, my love and my best friend, Nicola - today you become my partner, my other half - and my family and because of that I am the luckiest man in the world to be able to spend the rest of my life with you. “I promise to be the best partner, the best husband and man and to always take care of you, to make you laugh, feel safe and more importantly loved.”