However, Gill McAteer, director of employment law at Health & Safety and HR & Employment Law experts Citation, suggested big problems were looming as a result of people letting their hair down. She explained: “Communication with employees is key, as whilst not all employees will be entitled to the additional bank holiday on the Friday, they will need to have been made aware that the Spring Bank Holiday at the end of May has been moved to Thursday, June 2, 2022. “This could have been by way of a memo or making sure that the holidays are clearly marked on the holiday planner.” She added: “If an employee has not been made aware of this, then it would be unwise to take any disciplinary action for an employee failing to turn up for work on Monday. “If employees have been communicated with about the change in the bank holidays for 2022 and the employee does not turn up for work on the Monday, then this may be an unauthorised absence which could result in a disciplinary sanction.” Any employer knowingly allowing an employee under the influence of alcohol or drugs to continue working risked liability from a Health and Safety perspective, Ms McAteer warned. JUST IN: Royal Family LIVE - Meghan and Harry to have ZERO solo engagements She added: “It is therefore important for a company to be aware of drug and alcohol issues in the workplace. “Employers should not make assumptions about an individual being under the influence of alcohol at work and understand the difference between an employee being drunk at work and hungover." “If an employee is under the influence of alcohol whilst at work, this could be serious enough to amount to gross misconduct." “If an employee arrives at work looking tired and bleary-eyed, then they may well be hungover." "If this affects their work due to them being late or unproductive, then this may be treated as a disciplinary issue, or it may be more appropriate to speak with the individual informally to explain how they should attend at work ready, willing and able, and that this behaviour will not be acceptable going forward.” DON'T MISSRoyal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry eye RETURN to Windsor [LIVE] Jubilee POLL: Are you having a Platinum Jubilee party? [VOTE] Prince George will NEVER get to be king, says Republic's GRAHAM SMITH [COMMENT] Ms McAteer also had some advice for people who are being required to work over the bank holiday. Provided workers were given 5.6 weeks holiday a year or the pro-rata equivalent for part-time workers, there was no obligation for an individual to have the bank holidays off, she stressed. She added: “Employees do not have an automatic statutory right to paid time off on a bank holiday.” “The key is what is set out in the employment contract." "If the contractual wording states that the employee has the right to a certain amount of holidays plus ‘bank holidays’ but without any further details, then they would have a right to this additional bank holiday as an extra day’s holiday in 2022." “If the employment contract has a finite amount of holiday specified then the employee will not be automatically entitled to this additional holiday so if, for example, the contract of employment states 5.6 weeks holiday and with no right to take bank holidays or the bank holidays are specified.”