Vladimir Putin, in the midst of leading the war in Ukraine, looked bloated as he sat across from Sergey Chemezov, CEO of state-owned defence conglomerate Rostec, during a meeting in Moscow in new footage released by Russian state TV At several points throughout the footage, he appears to struggle to focus on the conversation at hand and seemingly gripped the table he was sitting at. This will only add to questions surrounding Putin's health over the past few weeks, with various reports claiming he is “very ill with blood cancer". On May 12, he underwent surgery, according to the Telegram channel 'General SVR', which is apparently run by a former Russian spy. This further claimed Putin’s surgery and subsequent recovery were covered up the following day using “deep fake” technology to simulate his presence in videos of a scheduled meeting of Russia’s security council. Serious health concerns over the Russian leader have been swirling ever since an oligarch close to him made the claim in a secret recording obtained by New Lines Magazine. The type of cancer Putin is allegedly suffering from has not yet been confirmed, but the outlet reported a story discussing rumours about his health. The magazine reported: “The recording represents rare testimony by someone with proven ties to the Russian government that its fanatical dictator may well be seriously unwell." The unnamed oligarch added: "He absolutely ruined Russia’s economy, Ukraine’s economy, and many other economies — ruined [them] absolutely. “The problem is with his head. One crazy guy can turn the world upside down." The insider said “we all hope” Putin dies from his cancer or possibly from intervention such as a coup - to save Russia from further humiliation suffered in the war with Ukraine. READ MORE: Russian forces lose 184 military vehicles in Donbas within week The latest developments come with Ukraine ruling out a ceasefire or any territorial concessions to Russia. Polish President Andrzej Duda has said any loss of Ukrainian territory would be a "huge blow" to the entire West as he warned against appeasing Putin. On Monday morning, air raid sirens blared throughout Ukraine, sounding the daily alarm ahead of anticipated attacks by Russian forces in the east and south of the country. Russia has been taking steps to increase its aggression in the Donbas and Mykolaiv regions with air strikes and artillery fire. DON'T MISSPutin ally admits Russia forced to scale down Ukraine goals [COMMENTS]Putin's recent public appearances 'staged' with old videos [REPORT]France warns Ukraine not to have 'illusions' about quick EU membership [LATEST] Andriy Yermak, Ukraine's presidential chief of staff, said in a Twitter post on Sunday: "The war must end with the complete restoration of Ukraine's territorial integrity and sovereignty." Polish leader Mr Duda has thrown his support behind Ukraine, telling lawmakers in the country the international community had to demand Russia's complete withdrawal and that sacrificing any territory would be a "huge blow" to the entire West. In an address to the Ukrainian parliament, he said: "Worrying voices have appeared, saying that Ukraine should give in to Putin's demands. "Only Ukraine has the right to decide about its future."