Prince Harry and Meghan Markle officially announced, via their Instagram account that they were stepping down as senior working royals in January 2020. In the statement, the couple stated that their decision came after "many months of reflection and internal discussions". But royal expert Tina Brown has now suggested that the couple actually hinted at their "Megxit" the previous year. On the latest episode of their podcast The Royal Report, hosts Jack Royston and Kristen Meinzer discussed Tina Brown's new book, titled The Palace Papers. Speaking on the podcast episode, Mr Royston said: "One line [in Tina's book] that really stood out to me, Kristen, is that she says the royals knew Harry was going to leave. "They knew from it, certainly, as early as summer 2019". He added: "She actually, in an interview, gave the impression that they might have seen this coming possibly even years, much further ago than that". "Which made me wonder, if they saw this coming, why was it handled in such a messy way". READ MORE: 'It’s scary' William fears for George, Charlotte and Louis as young royals 'daunted' The Newsweek royal reporter continued: "If they really did know that Harry was deeply, deeply unhappy in the Royal Family, which is what Tina Brown says, why was a concrete effort not made to get control of the Sussex exit and made sure it happened in a smooth way". After their January 2020 announcement, the Sussexes officially departed from royal duties on March 31 of that year. In their statement, the couple made it clear that they had a desire to "work to become financially independent" but vowed to continue to "fully support" the Queen. In The Palace Papers, Tina Brown claimed palace advisors "always thought he [Harry] would leave", adding that Harry's exit was a "disaster all round". The book was only released last month. READ MORE: 'Gobsmacked!' Meghan had 'astonishing' feud at 'first party' at Buckingham Palace Following the Sussexes official departure announcement, the Queen released a statement. In her statement, she said that "we respect and understand their wish to live a more independent life". She added that the family were "entirely supportive" of Harry and Meghan's plans. DON'T MISS Prince Harry in 'much better spot' than Meghan Markle [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry 'going nowhere' as royals left 'scrambling' for deals [ANALYSIS]Dr Shola hits out at royals as she demands reparations [VIDEO] Last month, the couple returned to the UK for a brief visit to Windsor Palace to visit Her Majesty The Queen. The visit happened during a UK pitstop on their way to The Hague for the Invictus Games. During his interview with NBC Today, Harry revealed that he and Meghan had tea with the Queen during the visit. In the interview, the Duke also announced that he "don't know yet" whether the couple will be returning to the UK next month for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations.