A date for a test, meeting or interview is confirmed. If this goes as you hope, the outcome could change your life. An invitation to a glamorous social event will provide you with a chance to meet someone you have always admired. Travel holds strong appeal. Jobs you had hoped would be over with by now continue to need your attention. It isn’t a time to take shortcuts or to try to rush things. Sometimes you just have to wait until some matters work themselves out in their own time, and this is one of those days. You’re doing your best to be positive about projects and activities, but an element of doubt is now holding you back. You may need to ask yourself why you feel so nervous. Think about revising plans to make sure you are on the right path.  A light form of physical exercise will help curb any restless cooped-up feelings. Take a walk, swim or enrol in a yoga class. A build-up of routine responsibilities calls for your attention, but if someone else offers to help out, you will happily leave them to it. You have the advice to offer a relative that could make the going much easier for them. Don’t worry that they might think you are interfering. On the contrary, they will be grateful for your help. If you can see a way to help anyone who is struggling, offer to assist. Mistakes can be avoided by giving yourself a good talking to and reminding yourself of the value of caution and care. An impulsive move could cost you a lot through time, expense and effort to repair the damage. Hold back from doing anything too hasty.  A strange and unexpected offer should be considered with caution. Are there strings attached? Talk about any worries you may have over with an older colleague. You might discover they also share your concerns. After some tension early on, the day will improve. Plan a relaxing evening with the family. Financial and property matters take precedence. Even if it wasn’t your intention, you could become deeply involved with either business transactions or just organising your personal finances. Most dealings with banks and other financial institutions will turn out to be more successful than you expected. Someone who was supposed to be helping you will let you down. This isn’t the first time they have disappointed you. Although you won’t let this prevent you from getting on with your aims, you will be annoyed that you seem to have put your trust in the wrong person.  Share and share alike is the phrase that comes to mind when describing your day. There is a lot you can learn through watching other people as they go about their job and through listening to their ideas. Friends and colleagues can benefit by picking your brains too. Some interesting changes are being discussed in the workplace. How this might affect you cannot yet be clearly seen. Even so, you get the strong impression that this could be your chance to go for a promotion. A generous sprinkling of company will keep you occupied and active, just the way you like it. Changes are happening around you, and you aren’t sure how you feel about this. People expect you to act in certain ways, and you don’t want to let them down, but you do want to give more thought to your own position and to do this, keeping a low profile is essential. 