With the cost of living crisis in full swing, and energy bills on the increase, Britons who may need help to pay their bills could benefit from this advance. The money could help people cover other costs while they wait for their first Universal Credit payment, however there is a catch. The advancement could prove to be a lifeline for those who are struggling financially that are on low incomes. If they don’t have enough to live on while they wait for their first payment they may be able to get an advance of their first Universal Credit payment. Britons may be able to get up to 100 percent of their estimated Universal Credit payment. However the catch is that people will need to repay an advance from future Universal Credit payments or by other means if they no longer get Universal Credit, such as from wages or other benefits they may be getting. When someone makes a new claim for Universal Credit they will normally receive their first payment seven days after the end of their first assessment period. READ MORE: Martin Lewis shares 'easy answer' on whether to use all your savings to pay off mortgage How to apply People can apply for a Universal Credit advance: To apply for a Universal Credit advance people can: Britons will get a quick decision on their advance application. They’ll usually be told the outcome on the same day. If someone applies for an advance online, they will be shown on screen the repayment amounts for different repayment periods. If they apply by phone, the Universal Credit helpline adviser assesses whether they can afford to repay the advance. If they agree to the advance, they will tell them over the phone: Deductions are made from one’s monthly Universal Credit payment, this is how the deduction is repaid. The first deduction is made on the day they get their first payment. People must usually pay back the advance within: People can ask for their repayments to be delayed if they cannot afford them. Repayments can be delayed for: This is only allowed in exceptional circumstances.