The NHS offers free prescriptions to certain groups of people who are eligible. Some groups are automatically entitled to free medication from the NHS, while others will need to apply for certificates that entitle them to free prescriptions. Certain medications are free to everyone, regardless of eligibility, such as contraception and medication given to hospital inpatients. However, for other prescriptions, people may be required to pay a fee. If you fall into one of the eligibility criteria set out by the NHS, you may be entitled to get all of your medication for free. You can check whether you are able to get free NHS prescriptions using the NHS eligibility checker. READ MORE: Gloria Hunniford health: The 'horror' food that caused pre-diabetes Here are the seven groups eligible for free NHS prescriptions You’re entitled to free NHS prescriptions if you’re: According to the NHS Business Services Authority (NHSBSA): “If your date of birth is printed electronically on your prescription, you don’t need to provide proof of your age when claiming free prescriptions. “However, if you’re 16, 17 or 18, you may need to show proof that you’re in full-time education.” DON'T MISSNew study finds direct link between diet and molecule linked to cancer [STUDY]Blood pressure: NHS short of blood pressure medication [REPORT]How to live longer: Eating at the 'right' time of day may hold the key [INSIGHT] You are automatically entitled to free NHS prescriptions if you receive any of the following benefits: In the event you are awarded any of these benefits, your partner and any dependent young people under 20 are also entitled to free NHS prescriptions. You may be required to show your award notice as proof that you are entitled to free prescriptions. According to NHSBSA: "If you’re receiving contribution-based Jobseeker’s Allowance, contribution-based Employment and Support Allowance, you are not automatically entitled to free NHS prescriptions. "However, you could apply for help through the NHS Low Income Scheme." You are also entitled to free NHS prescriptions if you receive Universal Credit or if you or your partner gets: NHSBSA added: "If you get Pension Credit Savings Credit on its own, you are not automatically entitled to free NHS prescriptions. However, you could apply for help through the NHS Low Income Scheme." You are entitled to free NHS prescriptions if your annual family income used to work out your tax credits is £15,276 or less, and you receive either: If you meet this eligibility you should automatically receive an NHS tax credit exception. If you have had a baby in the last 12 months, or are currently pregnant, you are entitled to free NHS prescriptions. However, this is only possible if you have a valid maternity exemption certificate. Some medical conditions allow patients to receive free NHS prescriptions. You should use your certificate as proof of entitlement. People who have a low income, including students and pensioners, are entitled to free medication from the NHS. In this case, you must have a valid HC2 certificate. These certificates are issued to people who qualify for help with health costs via the NHS Low Income Scheme. You are entitled to a free NHS prescription if you have a valid war pension exemption certificate and your prescription is for your "accepted disability". NHSBSA adds: "You're also entitled to free NHS wigs and fabric supports if they relate to your accepted disability and you have a valid war pension exemption certificate."