From city centres to Britons’ gardens, there are few places people wouldn’t be able to find the UK’s most common bird. But when they nest in your property and garden, they can become more of a nuisance than usual. Fortunately, there are a variety of options you can use when you’re searching for the answer to how to get rid of pigeons, and they should be employed together. Pigeons are considered a pest species because of the damage they cause to buildings, gardens and the risk to public health and safety. Elizabeth Frieling, co-owner of Vanguard Wildlife Solutions, a veteran-owned and operated business providing strategic wildlife removal and repair solutions explained how there are always two techniques to deter pigeons. She said: “Humanely deterring birds like pigeons requires multi-sensory deterrents (sight, touch, smell) used in conjunction with one another.” There are plenty of places pigeons will choose to make their home. biologist and training specialist Thomas Ward of Critter control explained: “For both residential and commercial properties, the main problem from pigeons is when they roost on ledges, roofs, chimneys, or in attics, sheds, and barns. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to get rid of ants in homes - ‘easiest way’ “If a pigeon has a nest inside somewhere, it will need to be removed. “One of the most effective ways to humanely get rid of pigeons is to deny them a place to land and perch, which can be done with a variety of products, such as a bird slope.” Bird spikes can perform the same task, but they are not the most “humane” way to deal with this pest issue. Jordan Foster of Fantastic Pest control said: “There are a variety of spikes designed for different implementations. Nets can also be used to prevent pigeons landing in gardens. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to remove limescale from toilets - ‘cheap trick’ [TIPS]Gardening tips: ‘Key factors’ to consider if plants are not growing [EXPERT]Cleaning: I tested out Mrs Hinch fans’ 75p hack to clean oven racks [INSIGHT] The expert continued: “Nets with half-inch mesh keep pigeons from gaining access to a specific location.” Other habitat modification can be worthwhile, according to Thomas. He said: “Regularly prune trees with dense branches and leaf covers.” Although, the expert does point out that this may have limited effect since often pigeons nest and roost on manmade structures. As with many things in life, prevention is a good strategy. Thomas explained: “Eliminate potential sources of food and do not feed them.” Make sure that trash cans, recycling bins and compost bins are secure and don’t provide pigeons with food. Clean up scraps after outdoor meals, and ensure they can’t access pet food either. There are a variety of solutions on offer to repel pigeons. Elizabeth explained: “Optical gel is a tool that has incredible results deterring birds when used correctly. “The product uses multi-sensory disks that must be spaced a certain way. “It is made from citronella, peppermint oil, agar, and beeswax – pigeons do not like the smell of citronella or peppermint oil “You clean the area beforehand to remove bird pheromones. “Application of optical gel masks pheromones and creates a sight disturbance, and if pigeons were to touch it, it would be sticky. The birds won’t like it – but it doesn’t harm them. “The product is both humane and more aesthetically pleasing than bird spikes.”