Hollie Newton, chief creative officer at Sproutl has shared some options for those looking to add some structural pieces into their garden. She told Express.co.uk: “It’s quite a good time for looking at those structural plants in the garden like the evergreens and the bushes and the shrubs. “When you look at your garden and you notice a bit of a gap in winter. “Before it’s all flowers, where do you need to fill things in? “That could be a great big evergreen, a really cool plant in a pot on a terrace. “You can still have really beautiful plants. “You will start to see the bamboos coming in and the palms and the japonicas. READ MORE: Weeding tips: ‘Super effective’ way to naturally kill paving weeds “I’d look out for those if you need big statement pieces.” Some examples of evergreen shrubs include bay, heather, hebes, lavender, mahonia and yucca. Box is often a popular choice for those looking to add structure into a garden. The shrub, which is often shaped into topiary like balls and animals, looks fresh all year round and can also be grown as a low hedge.  DON'T MISSHow to keep foxes, badgers and cats out of your garden [INSIGHT]Kate & William: Inside Adelaide Cottage- 'much better option' for home [UPDATE]Rightmove names seaside price hotspot - average home sells for £1.2m [ANALYSIS] However, box can be prone to a plethora of problems including box blight and box tree caterpillar. Both these problems can weaken and kill the plant. Instead, Hollie suggested gardeners try a herby alternative. She said: “Box blight and box caterpillar are a total nightmare. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “I need some sort of structure so I’ve been looking. “I think what I’m going to do is get a long row of rosemary plants. “They’re so tough, they smell nice and they’re easy to keep in shape. “So I’d also be looking at alternative structural pieces.” Hollie said gardeners should also look at buying salvias now.  She said the “hardworking” plants come in a variety of forms which can add colour and a lovely scent to a bed or border. Hollie also said salvias are “difficult to kill”. Examples include salvia “love and wishes”, salvia “flower child”, salvia “jezebel” and salvia x sylvestris “mainacht”. “Salivas are my number one,” Hollie added. Now is also a great time for gardeners to plant bedding plants like pansies and violas.