The cause of this renewed onslaught against the Prime Minister will be his impending move to suspend parts of the Northern Ireland Protocol in the Withdrawal Agreement he struck to finally get us out. Theresa May has already publicly warned Johnson that bailing out of the protocol would be a dishonourable move that will damage the reputation of the UK as a nation that sticks to its word. Various Labour and Lib Dem MPs have delighted in pointing out that the protocol was instigated by Johnson himself and therefore if it is proving inadequate it must follow that it is down to his inadequacies. The pro-EU majority in the unelected House of Lords is also preparing to cut up rough, just as the anti-Brexit majority of MPs in the Commons did when flouting their pro-Brexit manifesto promises between the elections of 2017 and 2019. The Prime Minister must ignore them all and prove himself prepared again to take the flak in order to secure the integrity of the United Kingdom and Northern Ireland’s place within it. And he needs to get onto the front foot to make the case as to why it is right to suspend an agreement he entered into just a couple of years ago. For a start, let’s be clear why we ended up with a deal that, in effect, put a trade border between Great Britain and Northern Ireland, but not between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland, thereby upsetting a delicate balance achieved in the Good Friday Agreement. It was the only way to get Britain out of the EU without leaving the whole UK locked into the indefinite “backstop” under Brussels control Mrs May had agreed to. Given that anti-Brexit MPs had passed a “Surrender Act” in Parliament forbidding the UK from leaving the EU without a deal, Johnson could only implement the referendum decision by reaching agreed terms with Brussels. Had he not done so then, make no mistake, the UK was heading for a serious and dangerous breakdown in its democratic system. So he was right to hold his nose, agree the protocol and hope Brussels would show sufficient good sense to implement the various powers it retained over life in Northern Ireland with a light touch. That simply has not happened. Not only has the protocol brought about a significant diversion of trade, but it has also quite clearly caused serious societal difficulties in Northern Ireland. These are two of the criteria for invoking so-called “Article 16” of the protocol which gives both sides the right to suspend parts of it. No wonder Attorney General, Suella Braverman, has concluded that legislation giving the Government the explicit power to over-ride parts of the protocol would not be in breach of international law. Unionist parties simply will not take part in a power-sharing government at Stormont while the protocol subjects imports from the British mainland to reams of red tape yet allows in imports from the Republic with almost zero checks. That means, in turn, that old enmities between nationalists and loyalists are bound to flare up again, especially during the summer “marching season”. To allow even the possibility of Northern Ireland sliding into the bad old days of the troubles by failing to correct this situation would be unthinkable for a responsible UK administration. It may yet prove the case that the mere sight of Johnson taking legislative powers to over-ride parts of the protocol will be enough to bring the EU to its senses and amend the original deal so that a far less intrusive regime of checks on goods comes to pass. Given the intransigence shown by Brussels ever since the British people voted to break free of its suffocating embrace, that is probably odds against it. More likely is that the EU will once again seek to punish Britain with “retaliatory” action that could even culminate in a threat to scrap the entire Withdrawal Agreement. Johnson must hold his nerve as he did before when getting Brexit done in the face of all manner of threats from the EU. If he does so then a large majority of the UK public will back him and take the side of their own country against the bullies of Brussels. If Labour, the Lib Dems and the remnants of Remainer sentiment in the Tory Party choose once more to side with a hostile foreign power, they can expect a similar response from voters to that which they got in 2019. So stick to your guns,  Boris. We’ve got your back on this one. 