Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to Charles Upchurch, an Associate Professor in British History at Florida State University to find out more. Bridgerton season one featured a same-sex relationship between artist Sir Henry Granville (played by Julian Ovenden) and Lord Wetherby (Ned Porteous). Granville spoke of his secret union with Lord Wetherby after Benedict Bridgerton (Luke Thompson) stumbled across the couple in the throes of passion. The artist told Benedict about his wife's acceptance of his relationship, but also his agony at keeping his love a secret. Benedict seemed taken aback by the admission and yet accepting of the arrangement, leading fans to wonder about the Bridgerton brother's own desires. Actor Thompson has also reflected on Benedict's sexuality in a recent interview, saying the good-natured aristocrat had a "lovely openness and fluidity". Thompson said: "People get very excited and they want everything to be explored in the first few seasons and every corner of sexuality, gender. "Obviously, there's a way to go, so we'll see what happens with Benedict, but we're only on season two, so there's lots of space for him to explore all sorts of things," he added to Entertainment Weekly. Bridgerton is adapted from American author Julia Quinn's Regency romance novels, which focuses exclusively on heterosexual relationships. READ MORE: Bridgerton season 3: Who does Benedict Bridgerton marry? Each book focuses on a different Bridgerton sibling finding love, with the third novel An Offer From A Gentleman spotlighting Benedict and his relationship with Sophie Beckett. Seasons one and two have broadly followed the trajectory of their corresponding books and the third outing was expected to do the same. But Shonda Rhimes and the producers of Bridgerton have revamped Quinn's world, re-imagining Queen Charlotte (Golda Roshevel) as England's first mixed-raced monarch and opening up the possibility of people of colour in the aristocracy and positions of power in society. Nonetheless, the Netflix series has been hit with criticism for its lack of LGBTQ+ storytelling with season two absent of any at all. Whether season three could see Benedict embark on a gay romance remains to be seen. Speaking of the depiction of same-sex relationships in Bridgerton, Professor Upchurch said: "Benedict first encounters same-sex passion in a private space, invited in by a man who is cautious about doing so. It’s a space defined by a range of unconventional tastes engaged in by both men and women." However, he said the "forms and possibilities" of sex-sex unions would be "very different" outside of the upper-class world in which the drama series exists. Professor Upchurch, who is the author of Beyond the Law: The Politics of Ending the Death Penalty for Sodomy in Britain, went on to say of being queer in this period: "The was no unified experience, but a key concept for upper-class men in relation to same-sex desire in this period is 'taste'. "A man might have a taste for certain acts that were not socially acceptable, and which might degrade his character if not controlled. If he was very careful, he might act on those desires discreetly, in ways that kept him from being undone by his passions." Rather than explicitly referring to these relationships, Professor Upchurch said both the scandal sheets like Whistledown and newspapers at this time would make make public accusations in a "veiled way". He cited an article in the Morning Chronicle from 1822 reporting “there are no less than six English Noblemen and Dignitaries of the Established Church, now resident in Paris, who have left this country for ever, because the climate is not congenial to their tastes". DON'T MISS...DON'T MISS...Sam Ryder made UK Eurovision history with major award [INSIGHT]NCIS LA Viewers left ‘speechless’ after deep fake culprit is exposed [VIEWER REACTION]Queen’s Platinum Jubilee viewers slam 'disrespectful' Tom Cruise chat [ANALYSIS] Those who were discovered were often ostracised by society if they remained in Britain while others fled to Paris or Italy. Sodomy carried the death penalty at this time but due to the low chances of arrest, it was a case of self-policing due to the severe punishment if discovered. Professor Upchurch said: "Criminal charges of attempted sodomy or indecent assault generally only affected upper-class men when they ventured outside of upper-class spaces, or formed connections with men of lower ranks." Interestingly, the Bridgerton era of 1813 to 1827 intersects with the lifetime of the "first modern lesbian" Anne Lister, whose decoded diaries have become the basis for the BBC and HBO drama Gentleman Jack, and who was married to Ann Walker with the two women living together. Nor were they only ones to do, Irish women Eleanor Butler and Sarah Ponsonby fled their home country in 1780 to live together in Wales and became known as the 'Ladies of Llangollen'. Historians have been unable to confirm the nature of the relationship between the 'Ladies of Llangollen' but the duo lived as partners with Queen Charlotte and King George III providing a pension to them. Lister even documents in her diaries going to meet with the 'Ladies of Llangollen'. Professor Upchurch said of these relationships: "They look more 'open' to us today than they would have at the time. Lister was extremely careful to reveal her true feelings only to a select few she could trust. "Lister used cultural tropes borrowed from Byron and Rousseau to account for her public gender non-conformity in ways that did not necessarily read as relating to sexual tastes." On whether an aristocrat like Benedict could be gay or bisexual in this time period, Professor Upchurch said: "It depends on how careful and how lucky he was. "William Beckford, Richard Heber, Henry Grey Bennet, Percy Jocelyn (the Bishop of Clogher), William Bankes, and Charles Baring Wall were all upper-class members of parliament, and all in newspapers multiple times in this period because of accusations about their sexual tastes. Wall was re-elected; Jocelyn disappeared into exile." Beyond the Law: The Politics of Ending the Death Penalty for Sodomy in Britain by Professor Charles Upchurch is out now Bridgerton seasons 1 & 2 are streaming on Netflix now