Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced every household will get a £400 energy bill discount under an emergency cost-of-living package that will be partly funded by a £5 billion windfall tax on oil and gas giants. BBC's Clive Myrie went on to ask Anneliese Dodds if she is "embarrassed" by the measure. He asked: "This week the Government gave the worst-off households £1,200 to deal with that. "Labour was offering £600. Are you embarrassed that actually, the Conservatives are way more generous than you?" Speaking to BBC Sunday Morning, Ms Dodds said: "We've seen some action finally from the symptoms of the cost of living crisis which Labour has been calling for many months, five months we were calling for a windfall tax. "But we're not seeing any action on the causes of that cost of living crisis. "We haven't heard anything from the Government around home insulation. Labour has been calling for many months now for a mass insulation programme. READ MORE: Boris Johnson vows to name and shame petrol stations  "That would be taking £400 off people's bills not just this year but every year into the future. "They also haven't taken action to grow out economy." Mr Sunak bowed to pressure on Thursday to unveil £15 billion of measures to tackle the impact of soaring inflation, which has reached a 40-year high. As well as the universal payment, there was targeted support for the poorest, the elderly and the disabled in the package that will be two-thirds funded by borrowing. The Chancellor acknowledged that high inflation is causing "acute distress" for people in the country, telling MPs: "I know they are worried, I know people are struggling." He said the Government "will not sit idly by while there is a risk that some in our country might be set so far back they might never recover". The £6 billion announcement of £400 in universal support from October will replace the initial plan for a £200 loan, with Mr Sunak scrapping the requirement to repay the money. Mr Sunak and officials refused to use the term windfall tax to describe the levy on the soaring profits of energy firms, as he was accused by Labour of having been dragged "kicking and screaming" into a U-turn on the policy the Opposition has spent months calling for. DON'T MISS Carers and PIP claimants to miss out on Rishi Sunak’s £650 handout [INSIGHT]'Luxury' Brits cancel vital therapy appointments due to rising costs [ANALYSIS]Britons can save over £200 a year by 'swapping something in' [VIDEO] The plans will be funded by around £10 billion of extra borrowing, but Mr Sunak insisted he had a "responsible fiscal policy". The package would mean that almost all of the eight million most vulnerable households would receive at least £1,200 of support, including a previously-announced £150 council tax rebate. A further £500 million will be allocated to the fund administered by councils to help households facing extra hardship. The Chancellor stressed the need to keep the public finances under control and set out how a tax on oil and gas firms - who have benefited from globally high prices driven by post-pandemic demand and the war in Ukraine - would raise around £5 billion to help meet the cost.