A poll by Express.co.uk questions whether a maximum driving age should be introduced in the UK, after a debate around road safety. There are more than 134,000 drivers over the age of 90 on the road in the UK, with more than 5.7 million drivers aged over 70 - almost double the number in 2012. It has been estimated that there will be more than one million drivers over the age of 85 on UK roads by 2025, with motoring groups calling for change to protect all drivers. Express.co.uk readers have been discussing whether there should be a maximum driving age and what else could be done to boost road safety. One commenter suggested that other tests should be introduced to improve road safety. They said: “No, but there should be annual re-tests of 18-25 drivers to eliminate juvenile stupidity behind the wheel.” READ MORE: Older drivers slam 'crazy' proposals to introduce maximum driving age Another user, BiRo, said: “Age has nothing to do with being a good driver. “It’s all down to experience and attitude of mind.” A third motorists, Namelesslass, said: “Don't they think that most people over 90 are wise enough to realise when they are no longer able to drive - ageism again.” Proposals were put forward at the end of 2021, suggesting that mandatory eyesight testing should be introduced for elderly drivers to ensure they are still safe to be on the road. DON'T MISSSwitch to EVs is 'happening now' - drivers ditch petrol and diesel [INSIGHT]Shocked driver finds secret second use for car grab handle [SHOCKING]'Disgrace' NHS staff forced to pay for parking while MPs park for free [DISGRACE] The Older Driver Task Force recommended that the DVLA should require evidence of an eyesight test at age 75. Many other road safety organisations have floated the idea of introducing mandatory health tests to ensure that road users are safe to drive, particularly older motorists. Vic12345 also gave a recommendation over what should be used to test driving ability. They claimed: “Ability to drive is not determined by age but by proficiency. “Could be judged in various ways including accident history record, number of convictions, assessment of driving competence etc. “The ratio of accidents by age is far greater among younger drivers so maybe it is the age at which people can obtain a driving licence that should be raised if safety to public is the criterion.” Another commenter, using the handle RabidFerret, suggested implementing a far more wide-ranging action to reduce road accidents. They said: “Ban under 30’s and ban cyclists and ban the school run. “Ninety percent of accidents will stop happening.” One driver, using the nickname Expert, stated why elderly drivers need to keep their licence. They explained: “Try stopping us, better to stop all the young drivers first then the rich drivers who think they own the roads. “The old need a car to get shopping and go to appointments at far out hospitals. “I can't see our kids giving up time to do these kind of things for mum and dad can you?” So what do YOU think? Should there be a maximum driving age in the UK? Vote in our poll and join the debate in the comment section below.