Well he did, didn't he. Or she. Anyway, while poor old Sid Vicious went early to his grave in 1979 at the age of 21, and that iconoclastic scourge of the establishment Johnny Rotten went on to sell butter and make embittered documentaries about how it was better in the old days as Her Maj has by any measure gone from strength to strength. And she has done this not by bemoaning the passing of a more glittering past (Hello Mr Rotten) but by embracing the new while never quite turning her back on the best of British tradition. Queen Liz (and she alone among the royals unfortunately) seems to embody a whole lot of British qualities which have rather fallen out of fashion: Stoicism, kindness, dignity and - most marvellous of all - keeping your mouth shut when you have nothing to say. The "Gen-Z" and "Alpha Gen" (yes I only learned this yesterday - think of it as when we ran out of car number plates a few years back and had to start again) have monetized blather. Inane irrelevances now equal micropayments from those online Big Brothers Instagram and the like. And the more inane - and the more scantily clad of course - the more microscopic percentages of a penny the online giants bestow on their subjects. Inanity has never been so bankable. Of course the king and queen of inane blather are, oddly, royals themselves - take a bow Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. They have become the absolute blueprint of how not to do royal - and set themselves up as a slightly contemptible couple who fail to see why their unparalleled privilege should stop them from talking down to poor people and telling them how to live their lives. Of course Harry and Megs don't need to bother with micropayments - opting much more sensibly for a $20million retainer with an online streaming giant. And it is because of this couple's utterly self-serving break with the Queen's wisdom that I find myself partly agreeing with the unapologetic republican Graham Smith who writes for Express.co.uk today on the end of the royal family.   The Queen is a figure everyone, even the meanest-spirited republican, can admire. I've worked with soldiers who had no qualms about going into battle for the Queen (they felt the same way about Princess Diana too incidentally). Wonder how they'd feel about fighting for the new breed of royals? No, my advice is enjoy this weekend's Platinum Jubilee festivities to the max and enjoy Queen Elizabeth II while we have her. We've lived, without quite knowing it, through Britain's second Elizabethan era - and it has been just as historic as the first. An epoch is drawing to a close and, whichever way you look at it, Britain will never be quite the same. Have a great, and indeed right royal, weekend - there might not be many more. 