Emma Raducanu has revealed she has learned to shut out all the social media noise since winning the US Open. But the British No 1 is loving the buzz at her first French Open - and reckons it is just like boisterous New York. Raducanu, who confirmed she will play Wimbledon next month, has grown her Instagram following to 2.3m as a major champion. And the excited Spurs fan posted a picture of herself watching two matches simultaneously on the final afternoon of the Premier League season. But online can be a less fun place for high-profile female athletes, especially the abuse received by tennis players after defeats. And Raducanu says she has learned never to look at her comments on social media. “I'm sure it happens a lot,” said the Bromley teenager. “Not just to me. To everyone. It's just something that's part of the sport. “But I personally don't really read my comments on social media, because you could have millions of people commenting great things, but maybe the one bad one will stick in your mind. I took the decision straightaway at the US Open. “I did it proactively because I had no idea of anything that was going to follow. It is just great advice to not check your comments ever. I definitely love sharing with my fans and the people who follow me and the insights into my life. Not just what they see out there in the press or news maybe. I use that to share but then I also separate.” Raducanu’s most popular recent posting was a picture of her wearing a Tottenham shirt at the Porsche Tennis Grand Prix in Germany last month. “Yeah, that was a bold move,” she laughed. “I wore the Tottenham shirt in Stuttgart. It was Chris’s (her agent Chris Helliar) birthday that day. We weren’t really expecting it. It was my little present to him. We were really expecting the following. But I watched all the action on Sunday on two TVs to see them in the top four.” Raducanu raced to her US Open triumph without dropping a set but her three Grand Slam matches since, including her debut win here, have all gone to three sets. But her first full experience of the Roland Garros crowd - when they wanted to watch Frenchman Benoit Paire in the following match - reminded her of the Big Apple. “The French crowd is definitely very honest - they just wanted Benoit to get on!” she laughed. “I'd say it gives me similar vibes to the US Open because of how involved they get. “It's a complete contrast to Wimbledon where you can actually hear a pin drop before you serve. Here it just gives you energy. It was definitely a fun atmosphere to play in front of, and I'm happy that I get another chance to.”