Miami will be making its highly-anticipated debut on the F1 circuit this weekend, and racing fans are in for a treat. The track will feature top speeds of up to 200mph, three overtaking straights, and massive elevation changes. Charles Leclerc and Max Verstappen will be hoping to earn their third race win of the season on Sunday night. Leclerc is currently top of the F1 Drivers' Standings on 86 points; 27 points ahead of second-placed Verstappen. Both drivers have won two of the four races in 2022, and they look set to hold a gripping title battle this season. Verstappen won last time out, at the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix. The Red Bull driver cruised to victory ahead of Sergio Perez, while Leclerc suffered a late setback. Leclerc was looking likely to finished second, before spinning out and falling down to sixth in the final few laps. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton lashes out at 'disrespectful' Helmut Marko Despite Leclerc's mistake - and Carlos Sainz crashing out on the first lap - Ferrari still leads Red Bull in the Constructors' Championship. But, everything could change this weekend, as the drivers head into an unknown race. Seeing as the Miami GP is a brand new track, there's no historical data for teams to analyse ahead of the race. ...and that means fans should expect the unexpected - and watch out for a particularly interesting three practice sessions. There will be 57 laps of the track on Sunday evening, which is set right in the middle of the Hard Rock Stadium complex. It's a high-intensity street circuit that has drawn comparisons to Melbourne's Albert Park. There's 19 corners in total, including a sharp hairpin at Turn 17, and three long straights. The faster cars will look to gain an advantage on the longest straight, between corners 16 and 17. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton threatens to skip Miami GP as FIA row takes major twist [QUOTES]Lewis Hamilton wears three watches as he speaks out on jewellery ban [PICTURES]Miami GP track faces last-minute repairs despite never hosting a race [NEWS] Teams that are struggling for pace this season will hope to gain some ground between Turns 11 and 16, which is a sharp burst of tight corners ahead of the long straight. There are three DRS Detection Zones in total, which allows for plenty of overtaking and controversy. F1 said: "With the Hard Rock Stadium at its epicentre, the 5.41km layout will feature 19 corners, three straights, potential for three DRS zones, and an estimated top speed of 320km/h. "There are elevation changes too, the main one found between Turns 13 and 16, with the track heading over an exit ramp and under various flyovers across uneven ground. "The Turn 14-15 chicane, meanwhile, has an uphill approach, with a crest in the middle, and then drops down on exit. "As for the best passing spots, a seat near Turns 1, 11 or 17 should put you in the thick of the action." One full lap of the circuit is 5.4km long, meaning each driver will be hoping to race for 308.3km in total. The race itself will start at 8.30pm UK time on Sunday May 8.