Carol Vorderman, 61, is often seen on social media showing off her incredible curves. Now, the former Countdown star has revealed the exercise routine that keeps her body looking phenomenal. She took to Instagram on Monday to show her 219,000 Instagram followers a sneak peek of her home gym. Carol shared a video revealing a bench, some handheld weights and an Olympic bar. "Happy girl, back of the weights at home as in the proper gym," Carol captioned the clip. She explained: "When I was growing up in the 60s and 70s, there was no such thing as a gym unless you were a pro athlete. "In the 80s, we were all bouncing around doing aerobics and then in the 90s, these things called gyms started up for the masses like me." "I was in there three times a week," she went on. Carol concluded: “I only started with barbells and Olympic plates last year, as when you get older you lose muscle mass rapidly, and I mean RAPIDLY. "Little did I know that weights are addictive and enjoyable and so good for you. I think it's the numbers for me, watching them grow. "Usually takes two or three weeks to see a big change. Looking forward to it LOADS.” Fans of the TV presenter soon took to the comments to heap praise on her efforts to stay healthy and fit. Richarddhallam6 said: “Phew that looks like hard work but when it makes you look as lovely as you are then it’s worth it… perhaps.” (sic) Grlzea added: “Yesss... Lifting weights is so empowering!!” Kevcarpelectric wrote: “Looking good is easy for you.” Carol was a co-host on Countdown for 26 years from 1982 until 2008. Following Anne Robinson's recent exit, Carol received calls from viewers on Twitter to reprise the presenting role. MikeTrio3 said: “Ever thought of going back to host the show Carol ? “to sit in Dickie's chair & present it as the main man once did.” BearlyAwakeLion asked: “You be up for hosting it yourself, Vorders? Go on!” ClairePuxley wrote: “Carol why don’t you return as the host.” But for now, Anne will appear in the series up until the summer alongside mathematician Rachel Riley and lexicographer Susie Dent, before radio presenter Colin Murray takes over for the rest of the year.