The Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) shared the story of the individual who was inadvertently targeted by criminals after her hard-earned money. Angela Underhill warned: “Sharing my screen cost me £48,000.” The 59-year-old had clicked on an advertisement for Bitcoin, hoping to find out more about the investment option. She then received a phone call from individuals who claimed to be financial advisers. They offered to complete the first investment for her, in a process which did not seem out of the ordinary. Ms Underhill was prompted to download a platform known as ‘AnyDesk’ in order for the action to be carried out. READ MORE: Boris shamed over Elsie, 77, forced to stay on bus for warmth However, the remote desktop software provided the scammers with open access to all financial details on her computer. Her banking details were harvested, alongside the information about her pension. Scammers also applied for loans on her behalf, leaving her in substantial debt. Unfortunately, Ms Underhill’s case is one of thousands the FCA has seen reported to its consumer helpline. DON'T MISSBritons hit back at potential free prescription age rise [INSIGHT]State pensioners with diabetes could get extra £92 per week [EXPLAINED]State pension update as top up rules relaxed - but for a limited time [LATEST] Screen sharing scams can take place on platforms such as Teams, Zoom and TeamViewer. As these platforms have increased in popularity during the pandemic, it leaves more Britons open to potentially being targeted. Screen sharing scams don't just involve Britons sharing financial data. Scammers have also been able to embed themselves in the digital devices of victims to access online banking and investment details. Mark Steward, Executive Director of Enforcement and Market Oversight at the FCA, warned: “Investment scams can happen over many months, but sharing your screen without making the proper checks can change everything in an instant. “Once scammers gain to your screen, they have complete control. “That means access to your sensitive banking and investment information, the freedom to browse at their leisure, and the ability to take whatever details they want. It can affect any investor, no matter how experienced. “It’s incredibly difficult to get money back once lost in this way.” Since July 2020, the FCA has seen 2,142 of these type of cases, with over £25million lost between January 1, 2021 and March 31, 2022. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Victims have ranged from 18 to over 70, meaning no one is off limits when it comes to the unscrupulous tactics of scammers. Mr Steward said there are ways Britons can protect themselves from being targeted in this way. Firstly, people should never share their screen with anyone as legitimate firms will not ask individuals to do this. People have also been encouraged to look at the FCA’s Scamsmart website for help and tips on keeping safe. Britons should be suspicious if asked to download anything new, and never make rash decisions regarding investment. With investment in general, it's important to be aware of the risks, as people could get less back than they originally put in.