Amanda Burton, after an almost 18 year break from Silent Witness, will be returning as Sam Ryan. In the lead role, Amanda headed up the forensics teams from 1996 to 2004. It was recently revealed that she would return to the show to team up with her successor, Dr Nikki Alexander (played by Emilia Fox), as they work together to solve a case over a special six-part story. Will she stay on beyond the special? The 65-year-old actress has been busy since she left Silent Witness almost two decades ago.  No stranger to the small screen, she has appeared in shows such as Marcella, Waterloo Road, and Anne Boleyn.  Now stepping back into a role that she thought may have been left in the past, she has opened up about whether she would consider helming the show long-term again.  She said: "No. No more Silent Witness." Read More: Ozark season 4 theory: Jonah actually shot Wendy as fans spot key clue from final scene  Speaking to Radio Times, she added: "This has been so special and gorgeous, and to be a part of this landmark celebration of the 25th anniversary is enough."  Fans will be sad to hear that this six-part special will be the last time she steps into the role.  Although she did initially think her departure in 2004 would be the end, who knows if she will want to join the team again in future outings.  She also recently revealed that she couldn't refuse the opportunity to join the anniversary special when she received the call about returning to the BBC show. "I was invited to come back, which was pretty gorgeous and took me by surprise," she told the publication.  "The team confirmed that it was going to be a very interesting story arc over six episodes, and if I didn't jump and do it, it would be something I would regret."  With the new season premiere on May 23, fans will have to wait to see what her on-screen dynamics are like working alongside her successor.  Dr Nikki Alexander took over the role of leading the forensics team. DON’T MISS…'Bit of a surprise' Vera's Mark Edwards star speaks out on show return [LATEST]Law and Order SVU fans call for Barba return to be made permanent after finale bombshell[LATEST]Raven Owen age: How old is Our Yorkshire Farm star Amanda Owen's daughter? [LATEST] Will their working style compliment each other or create tension?  Amanda said in a statement released by the BBC: "I am so excited to be returning to Silent Witness and stepping back into Sam Ryan's shoes - with a difference!  "Audiences can look forward to plenty of twists and turns as they discover what Sam's been doing since leaving the Lyell."  After taking on the role of pathologist Sam Ryan in 1996, her character left the show to return home to Northern Ireland to be with her family. On the return of Silent Witness veteran Amanda, Emila added: "It is such a delight and thrill to be working with Amanda.  "To have Sam Ryan back again at the heart of the show is the greatest way of all to celebrate the 25th anniversary of Silent Witness."  Season 25 of Silent Witness premieres on ITV on May 23 at 9pm. 