ITV broadcaster Tom Bradby, 55, has spoken up about his opinions on Piers Morgan's TalkTV show Uncensored. He added that the show is "probably not my thing" in a new interview. The star addressed his objectives with fronting News at Ten. He explained that his aim was always to try and connect with the audience. Tom later explained he tried to watch Piers’ new show for a couple of minutes but couldn’t continue. READ MORE: Nicole Kidman, 54, looks almost unrecognisable in make-up free photo He said: "I watched Piers [Morgan’s] new show for a couple of minutes, but it’s probably not my thing.” “You wouldn’t go to Piers for a serious news bulletin." “Not even Piers would go to Piers for that," he added to Radio Times. The new show features Piers’ verdict on the day's global events with an hour of debate and straight-talking interviews with the world's leading figures. Ian's comments come after it was reported Piers' show averaged more than 300,000 viewers for his debut episode on April 25, in which he interviewed the former US president Donald Trump. But since then the viewing figures have plunged, with recent episodes getting about 30,000 viewers, according to the Mail Online. Meanwhile, Tom decided to not touch on his relationship with the royals after it was alleged he and Prince William had a falling out in April last year. According to Royal sources, the two were friends for two decades. It has been said that ITV's News at Ten host has “annoyed” his friend Prince William by "seeming to side" with his brother Prince Harry and sister-in-law Meghan Markle following their explosive interview with Oprah Winfrey. DONT MISS: Catherine Zeta-Jones causes a stir over being 'serenaded' by Bono (PHOTOS)Richard Osman breaks silence on replacing Anne Robinson on Countdown (NEWS)Amber Heard 'cleaned up' after Johnny Depp ‘lost control of his bowels (LATEST) Tom has interviewed both the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge as well as the Duke and Duchess of Sussex in the past. The journalist is also known to have been close friends with Harry and William. The royal insider said: "The friendship between William and Tom is very much over. "The Duke feels let down by Bradby and the way he's acted over the past few months. "William is a sensitive soul and believes it's in times of crisis when you find out who your true friends are." The source added: "The Duke will, of course, remain cordial and professional in his relations with senior media figures, but that special relationship he once had with Bradby is no more. "William no longer sees him as a friend." The source also claimed some staff at Buckingham Palace believe Tom’s reporting on ITV News favours the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. They told the Daily Mail: "Some staff at the Palaces are even angrier about Bradby and the tone of his reporting at ITV News, which they consider to be pro-Harry and Meghan. "It's well-known that Bradby personally communicates with Harry on a regular basis and that is pretty obvious to royal aides who know how things work. "But it's been very difficult to accept given the long history between Bradby and William." Express.co.uk has contacted Kensington Palace, ITV and representatives of Mr Bradby. You can read the full interview in Radio Times out now.