The Yorkshire Vet star Peter Wright joined James Martin on the most recent episode of his weekend show to talk about the Skeldale Veterinary Centre and All Creatures Great and Small author, and his inspiration, James Herriot. While appearing on James Martin's Saturday Morning, Peter paid a heartfelt tribute to James 'Alf' Wight and revealed that he never saw him as a famous author, but as a friend and a "humble man."  Peter, 65, has been entertaining Channel 5 fans and showing them a sneak peek into the Skeldale Veterinary Centre since 2015 on The Yorkshire Vet. Now enjoying life as a vet at his new employer, Grace Lane surgery in Kirkbymoorside, he spoke fondly about learning from "famous" surgeon Alf Wight. Reminiscing, he looked back at his first time stepping foot on the farm and veterinary centre. Peter said: "Within two hours, I was absolutely go on it(sic) [The veterinary centre]. "I thought, 'This is for me,' I was so immediately, 'Wow, how lucky am I?" Read More: 'I should have complained’ Lorraine Kelly hits out at ‘really distasteful’ imitation  Talk show host and chef James, 49, asked: "He has got to be one of the most famous veterinary surgeons in the world?" James Herriot wrote multiple books about the Skeldale farm and veterinary practice, which inspired two TV adaptations of All Creatures Great and Small. He replied: "It is. Herriot's practice even now. Alf Wight as James Herriot sold over 80 million books, translated into over 20 languages, but to me, he was never like that. "He was never the author, he was always the vet. He was such a humble, very quiet, but very kind, man.  "He was never one for pushing information down your throat either, but if you went for advice, he was always there with a pearl of wisdom." James was delighted to have the vet on the show and admitted that he had "been so looking forward to chatting" with the star. Peter returned the sentiment and said: "Well, I have got to say, it is a privilege to be here. "I don't watch much television, I don't watch many cookery programmes, but I do make an exception with you. DON’T MISS…Bradley Walsh gobsmacked as The Chase player beats Jenny Ryan in nail-biting round [LATEST]Raj Bisram wife: Is the Bargain Hunt expert married?[LATEST]Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker replaced by Lydia West as star drops hint? [LATEST]   "The way you take a little bit of this and a little bit of that and everything just turns out so fantastically well every time." Fans of the Sunday show took to social media to share how pleased they were that the pair had finally been able to chat with each other. @RedFromTheCarse tweeted: "You two should do a whole programme together, naturals. I loved watching you both today." "Two great Yorkshire chaps together," Gillian Sowray added.  Lesley Bowman said: "Really enjoyed watching this, and that Yorkshire pudding looked yummy." @BTTS89527417 commented: "I think Peter was one of the best guests so far." Viewer @DogDayDreaming thought the same and added: "More time with Peter Wright! Honestly. The best guest in months." James Martin's Saturday Morning airs Saturday from 9:25am on ITV.