Google has finally revealed its heavily rumoured Pixel Watch today. The upcoming Wear OS powered-device will be launching this autumn alongside the Pixel 7 range. The first ever smartwatch made by Google - which was announced at Google IO 2022 - has plenty of style, thanks to its classic circular watch face design and minimalistic look. Under the hood the Pixel Watch will have integrated Fitbit health features which will allow you to track health and fitness goals as well as offering continuous heart rate tracking, sleep monitoring and more. Besides this, the Pixel Watch will offer hands-free access to Google Assistant as well as Watch versions of the Google apps you know and love such as Maps and the newly announced Wallet app. The Google Wallet app - which is set to rollout within the next few weeks - will be a one-stop place for you to hold digital versions of credit cards, passes such as Covid vaccine certificates and flight tickets, and even IDs like your Driver's License. Like with other smartwatches, you'll also be able to make calls, send messages, make contactless payments, and control smart devices in your home all via a few touches on your wrist.  A price tag hasn't been announced yet for the first smartwatch built by Google, but the Android makers have revealed that the wearable will be launching this autumn alongside the Pixel 7 and Pixel 7 Pro. The new Android flagships were also announced at the high-profile Google IO event today, which for the first time in three years was held in person as well as being broadcast online. Speaking about its upcoming Pixel Watch devices Google said: "Building on our ambient computing vision, we’re focused on how Pixel devices can be even more helpful to you — now and in the future. Today, we gave a preview of our new Google Pixel Watch — the first watch we’ve built inside and out. "It has a bold circular, domed design, a tactile crown, recycled stainless steel and customizable bands that easily attach. With this watch, you’ll get the new Wear OS by Google experience and Fitbit’s industry-leading health and fitness tools — right on your wrist. Google Pixel Watch is a natural extension of the Pixel family, providing help whenever and wherever you need it. It will be available this fall, and we’ll share more details in the coming months." Besides the Pixel Watch and Pixel 7 range, at IO 2022 Google also unveiled the Pixel 6a, Pixel Buds Pro and gave the first glimpse of its upcoming Pixel Tablet.