Erling Haaland will become one of the Premier League's highest earners once he becomes a Manchester City player on July 1. However, his salary package isn't as lucrative as reported in the early stages of the deal to trigger his £68million Borussia Dortmund release clause. Express Sport understands Haaland will earn £350,000 per week at the Etihad Stadium, the joint-fourth highest earnings in the English top flight. His wage matches that of Manchester United star Jadon Sancho, who also made the switch from Dortmund last summer. The Norwegian striker won't even be the highest earner at Man City, emphasising the coup of a deal the Premier League champions have secured. His initial earnings are bettered by three Manchester-based players; it's time to take a look at who they are. JUST IN: Ten Hag has the same complaint about Man Utd players as Solskjaer did David de Gea ended transfer speculation by committing his future to United in 2019, signing a four-year contract until 2023. In doing so, the acrobatic Spaniard became the highest-earning goalkeeper in world football and top of the Red Devils' wage bill, raking in £375,000 per week. He's undoubtedly earnt a chunk of that salary this season through a return to his best shot-stopping, although the same can't be said for several others at Old Trafford. And De Gea is understood to be set for talks over another extension to continue what would be a 12-year United career after 2023. READ MORE: Five stars England missed out on after Nketiah and Hudson-Odoi snubs As mentioned, Haaland won't be the top dog at the Etihad Stadium, and for a good reason. Kevin De Bruyne has flourished into one of, if not Europe's leading midfielder during his stint at Man City and is the poster boy of the club's success over the last decade. In April 2021, De Bruyne signed a new four-year contract worth £400,000 per week to keep him with the Citizens until 2025. He was the Premier League's highest earner for a few months before, well, arguably the best of all time entered the chat... Unsurprisingly, Cristiano Ronaldo became the highest earner in the Premier League by some distance after making his sensational return to Manchester United last summer. Ronaldo was Man City-bound as Jorge Mendes pushed for a move, but United arrived in the 11th hour to snatch him from their rivals' grasp. The 37-year-old icon earns a mouth-watering £510,000 per week at Old Trafford, and somewhat rightly so as he's saved United from further humiliation this season. Ronaldo has scored 24 goals in 38 appearances since his return, 14 more than the club's next highest scorer. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.