Servicemen from the 126th separate brigade of the Odessa Defence Forces reportedly found the ancient artefacts during fortification works. According to 126 Commerce Brigade Command Territories, the ancient artefacts have since been handed over to a museum. They said on Facebook: "In one of the brigade's structural units, during fortification work, soldiers found ancient amphoras dating back to about 4-5 centuries AD. n. well. "By the decision of the commander of 126 obr tro, ancient artefacts were handed over to the staff of the Odessa Archaeological Museum of the UN of Ukraine, who promised to add them to the large collection of the museum." Yana Suporovska, a creator and journalist, took aim at the Russians after the ancient amphorae were found. She said: "Ukrainian soldiers dug trenches and found ancient amphorae of the IV-V centuries BC. JUST IN: Finland and Sweden to 'officially announce' intention to join NATO, ex-Swedish PM claims "Of course, they have already been transferred to the museum. "We are not Russians, we preserve our history." Russian troops have been accused of destroying historical monuments during their invasion of Ukraine. Soldiers from the Kremlin even shelled the historical Second World War memorial on Mount Kremenets. READ MORE: NATO allies: Why Boris Johnson is heading to Finland - and why Putin won't be happy The monument, which was damaged on March 24, was known by many as the 'Sorrowful Mother' and included the grave of an unknown soldier. According to Euractiv, Russian troops even destroyed a monument dedicated to Soviet soldiers who died in Afghanistan during efforts to besiege Bucha. Ben Wallace described the actions of Vladimir Putin's troops as "mirroring the fascism and tyranny" of Nazi Germany. In a speech at the National Army Museum, Mr Wallace said: "Putin, his inner circle and generals are now mirroring the fascism and tyranny of 77 years ago, repeating the errors of last century's totalitarian regimes." DON'T MISS:Boris warns Putin that Sweden can 'request' UK nuclear support [INSIGHT]‘We’re not dumb!’ Ukraine fury as Biden delays military aid to Kyiv [REPORT]Biden mocked for saying inflation is strength as competence questioned [INSIGHT] He continued: "So let's call out the absurdity of Russian generals - resplendent in their manicured parade uniforms and weighed down by their many medals - for being utterly complicit in Putin's hijacking of their forebears' proud history of defending against a ruthless invasion, of repelling fascism, of sacrificing themselves for a higher purpose. "Instead now, they are the ones inflicting needless suffering in the service of lowly gangsterism."