Novak Djokovic has warned Carlos Alcaraz that Grand Slam tournaments are different before a potential semi-final meeting at the French Open. “Best-of-five, obviously, things are different,” said the defending champion. The Spanish teenager has been the big story in men’s tennis over the last two months with his stunning wins at Masters events in Miami, Barcelona and Madrid. The world No.6 beat Nadal, Djokovic and world No.3 Alex Zverev to win the title in the Spanish capital - and become some bookmaker’s favourite at Roland Garros. But the 19-year-old has only got past the third round once in a Grand Slam when he reached the quarter-finals at last year’s US Open. JUST IN: Zverev 'won't put up with' Alcaraz becoming French Open favourite And the world No.1, who is scheduled to meet 13-time winner Rafa Nadal for the 59th time in the quarter-finals, said: “We talk about favourites for Roland Garros and clay, you know that Nadal always has to be right at the top, because of his records particularly in this tournament. “And then you have Alcaraz, who obviously is the story of men's tennis in the last four or five months with a big reason. He's had some tremendous leaps forward on rankings and the results that he's been achieving are phenomenal for someone of his age. He has made a quantum jump really forward in the last five, six months. “I feel I am always in that contention to fight for any Grand Slam trophy. I believe in my own abilities to get far and to fight for one of the most prestigious trophies in the world of tennis. As a defending champion of course more so, to believe I can do it again. Reliving the memories from last year is something that obviously gives me goosebumps and motivation to try to replicate that, if I can say that. But obviously every season and every year is different. There are so many players that want to put their hands on that trophy in a few weeks' time. I'm very much aware of it. “I think that experience of being on the tour for such a long time helps to know how to spend energy on the court match after match, bring out the right intensity, manage everything that happens off the court, as well, and peak at the right time, so to say. DON'T MISS...Nadal, Djokovic and Raducanu’s routes to French Open gloryFrench Open draw LIVE: Djokovic, Nadal and Raducanu discover fateDjokovic's stance on vaccination show he is on right side of history “Best-of-five, obviously things are different. Grand Slam I think awakens so much motivation and emotions in a tennis player. It's the dream of many tennis players to win a Grand Slam. “That's why, you cannot underestimate anyone and probably not compare the performances of those players on any other tournament with the potential performance here in a slam. “So knowing that, that's kind of my approach with respect towards the players and the game and the tournament, but believing in myself because I have done it before and I know what it takes, so I'm excited to hopefully have another great year.” Djokovic missed the last Grand Slam after he was deported from Australia after arriving without a vaccination. He is bidding to equal Nadal’s record of 21 Grand Slam titles here.