Zelda fans who have been left disappointed at the Breath of the Wild 2 release date delay could have another reason to cheer in 2022. It's rumoured that the long-speculated Switch versions of Wii U remasters Wind Waker HD and Twilight Princess HD could finally be launching this year. The news comes courtesy of in-the-know journalist Jeff Grubb, who was responding to a viewer's question on his YouTube channel. Discussing the possibility of the long-talked about Zelda double pack for the Switch, Grubb said: "They want to have a Zelda thing every year, they've been holding onto this, why wouldn't they just put it out this year, and if they don't put this out or some other Zelda thing this year instead of just waiting for Breath of the Wild 2, I just will not understand. "I do think this game, as much as it was a joke in the Mega64 video, I do believe it does actually come out in October. I think we get that in October, I think we get a Metroid Prime remaster in November, and I think we get Advance Wars 1 + 2 in December." The comments, which were highlighted in a post by Nintendo Life, were speculation on Grubb's part, not relaying any insider information. So, don't get your hopes up just yet that another Zelda release will be taking place in 2022 in lieu of Breath of the Wild 2, which is now launching in spring 2023. However, it would make sense that Nintendo does have some kind of Zelda surprise planned for this year.  That's because ever since the Switch released Nintendo has released a Zelda game annually. The Switch debuted in 2017 alongside Breath of the Wild, with this followed up in 2018 by the release of Hyrule Warriors: Definitive Edition. In 2019 Nintendo released the Link's Awakening remake alongside the launch of the Switch Lite, with Hyrule Warriors: Age of Calamity then out in 2020 and Skyward Sword HD in 2021. 2021 was also the year that the Zelda series celebrated its 35th anniversary, and it was thought Ninty would release the Wind Waker and Twilight Princess HD games for the Switch as part of the festivities. This was because Nintendo released an HD collection of Mario games for the Italian plumber's 35th birthday the previous year.  However, the Zelda 35th anniversary was a much quieter affair than the celebrations for Mario's big day. Fans were left surprised the long-talked about Zelda double pack didn't release in 2021, and if it does end up launching this year it could go some ways to explaining why that was the case. And considering so many Wii U games have ended up getting ported over to the Switch, it wouldn't be a surprise to see these beloved Zelda games arrive on Nintendo's latest hit console at some point soon. Wind Waker HD (which is a remaster of the classic 2002 GameCube adventure) launched for the Wii U in 2013, while Twilight Princess HD (which was a revamped version of the Wii and GameCube title) first launched in 2016. 