Sally is one of Britain's leading actresses on both the stage and the small screen as she has starred in multiple productions and programmes since her career started in 1986. The Emmerdale star has many caveats under her belt and at the moment, she is playing a heartbreaking storyline as Faith, who has just discovered she has secondary cancer. It is not yet known if the ITV soap star will be bowing out of the role in the coming months but the actress is sure to put in the performance of a lifetime until then. Although her character is often seen complaining about her aches and pains, it might surprise some viewers to know how old she really is. It was recently referenced on the weeknight serial drama the character of Faith is in her 60s, as the character used her age as an explanation as to why she was giving her loved ones some worldly advice, not the fact she could be dying. In real life, the actress is around the same age as she is 62-years-old, having been born on April 15, 1960, making her one of the oldest cast members. Sally is actually 10 years older than the actor who plays her son Cain Dingle, Jeff Hordley, as he is 52-years-old in real life. However, on the programme, he is made younger as Faith is about 15 to 20 years older than the village bad boy whereas her age hasn't been altered at all. Age has always had such prominence in Sally's life as unfortunately, a heart condition led to her father and brother passing away. READ MORE: Piers Morgan defends Meghan and Harry during Prince Andrew row Talking in 2018, at the same time Faith's granddaughter, Sarah Sugden (Katie Hill) was suffering from heart failure, Sally opened up about her loss. The actress told ITV's This Morning: "We're all heart, we often say – we're all hearts. My father, when he was 29, was actually told he had 10 years to live. "He was 29 with three small children and that's not what you want to hear. But through diet and exercise, he made it to 70." Touching on her brother's death from the same condition, she added: "He kind of went the other way, but he had a great time doing it, you know. "He went out earlier, he was only 58 when he died," she explained, with her brother being four years younger than she is now when he died. However, Sally has never let age stand in her way as she has taken role after role on both the stage and the small screen, cementing her name in the history books. It is reported she started her career when she was 26-years-old in a role which resulted in her being awarded a Olivier Award. For the role she played in the 1986 production of Dalliance, she won the Most Promising Newcomer in Theatre accolade. From here, she went on to perform in plays such as Oliver, Billy Elliot, Lady Macbeth and she played the role of Mother Superior in the 2010 edition of Sister Act. After giving the performance for the ages in Billy Elliot, the actress was nominated for another Olivier Award but didn't win. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale star Ash Palmisciano pays tribute to ‘role model’ late mum [COMMENT]Emmerdale star Liam Fox shows off fairytale home with co-star wife [PICTURES]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock 'shocked' over 'sheer weight' of stroke plot [COMMENT] At the time, an article in Variety Magazine read: "If this 'Oliver!' creates any star, it should be RSC alumna Sally Dexter. "Whose blowsy, huge-voiced Nancy is the career-making performance this actress has long deserved." Sally's television work, of course, includes Emmerdale but she has also worked both in front and behind the camera on other programmes. She has starred in the likes of Father Brown, A Touch Of Frost, Dalziel and Pascoe and the former soap opera, Night and Day. For the show Sugartown, which aired on the BBC, Sally co-wrote and created the three-part comedy-drama, showcasing her talents behind the camera. However, if the actress had not landed on her feet in the acting world, she would have gone into a very different profession. Speaking about what other role she would have done, the soap star said: "In the past, [I would have been] a dairy farmer. "Now I’d like to study physics or the sciences. When I was very young I was rather good at maths, then something put me off and I was rather bad at it. "But I do remember having great satisfaction with the way things added up. I’d like to get that back. Especially at this crisis point. "How can you possibly think of anything else apart from what is happening to our planet? It would be insane to ignore it." "We need to treat the world holistically," she explained in an interview with The Stage. It also seems the actress has a few rituals for when she is gearing herself up for a performance on the stage or the small screen. She added: "I try not to let myself get obsessed. If you have to touch the same door three times as you pass, you can become neurotic. "If I wear a certain pair of pants and the show’s good, I try not to wear that pair of pants for a good long while," she said. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.