A series of flight cancellations due to operational difficulties has left football fans struggling to leave the country ahead of the Champions League final. Major airline EasyJet announced over 200 flight cancellations set to affect thousands of passengers heading abroad for the May half term, including hundreds of excited Liverpool fans. Easyjet customers were reportedly given extremely late notice of their flight’s cancellation and many have been left stranded in the departure lounge as alternative flights are already “overbooked.” BBC sports reporter Matt Graveling was able to speak to some of the devastated fans left abandoned by airlines who have been “praying” they will be able to attend the pivotal match.    “I’m worried, I don’t think I’m gonna get there,” said one Liverpool fan named Dennis. The football fanatic paid £1100 for his ticket to the final only to be told his flight to Paris had been cancelled in a text delivered at 8pm on Friday night. He continued: “I’m praying we get there but, to be honest, it’s not looking good.” He guestered at some of the other travellers surrounding him before he added: “These chaps were saying a lot of flights were overbooked.”    The football fan described the arrival, check in and security stages of his airport experience as “chaos”. Dennis appeared resigned to his fate as he said: “I’m praying, but I can only pray so much.” On Thursday, EasyJet suffered a major IT failure which prompted severe delays to airport travel and a huge number of flight cancellations. Further cancellations have been planned by the airline through the half-term break, a decision the company described as necessary “to provide reliable services over this busy period.” Read more: EasyJet cancels 200 flights ahead of half-herm 'Shambles!'    Football fans hit out at the cancellations on social media as their prized tickets are set to go to waste. Twitter user fairfield49 said: “Disgrace, we have match tickets and no flights!” Other social media users shamed World Choice Sports, a tour operator which sells packages to major sporting events, including the Champions League final. Twitter user keemusabi7 added: “4am flight cancelled, stranded at Liverpool airport! Shocking World Choice Sports.” Don't miss:easyJet Manchester passenger stuck on plane for hours - ‘traumatised' [INSIGHT]Manchester Airport chaos as flights grounded as 'armed police' step in [REPORT]easyJet cancels over 200 half-term flights as chaos continues [REVEAL] Liverpool are set to play Real Madrid for the Champions League title in Paris, with kick-off at eight o’clock Saturday night. Fans who booked to travel with a World Choice Sports package paid approximately £650 only to find out their flight had been cancelled at the last minute. Luckily for Dennis, shortly after his interview he was able to secure a seat on the morning ten o’clock flight out to Paris meaning he will arrive in time for the highly-anticipated match. It’s likely other Liverpool fans will not be as lucky as airlines continue to suggest further delays and cancellations are on the horizon.  