Outlander made its highly anticipated return to Starz in March with its sixth season after fans waited almost two years for the instalment. During an episode, fans spotted the return of Jamie Fraser’s (played by Sam Heughan) kilt, which led the actor to explain the reason behind its dangerous and meaningful comeback.  Although season six only consisted of eight episodes, it was filled with multiple storylines which followed each character and unfolded a number of different truths. There was even a shocking scene where the locals had turned their back on Jamie’s wife Claire Fraser (Caitriona Balfe) even though she dedicated her life to helping others as a nurse. This came as a result of being blamed for Malva Christie’s (Jessica Reynolds) death, despite proclaiming her innocence. However, after Malva claimed Jamie was responsible for her pregnancy, people believed she had a motive to kill, which eventually led to a cliffhanger ending. READ MORE: Eurovision 2022: Italy dealt crushing blow days before final Alongside the shocking plot twist, Jamie’s outfit became a huge talking point between fans on social media. This occurred during episode three when fans spotted the highlander wearing his kilt to go fishing. In the scene, he also bumped into Fergus McKenzie (Cesar Domboy) and shared some words of wisdom and encouragement after he was struggling with his mental health. Despite this, the kilt appeared to be the main focus for a viewer @chbnr12 who tweeted to gain clarification. Alongside a screenshot of Jamie in the episode, they wrote: “I'm also curious why the return of the kilt, to go fishing?” Heughan saw the tweet and explained the meaningful and dangerous reason behind his character wearing the kilt. He responded: “It was still illegal to wear a kilt at that time, punishment would be huge. “Jamie can’t risk it in the presence of the crown, especially potentially working for them.” DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Double exit for Moira Barton and Faith Dingle [THEORY]Outlander’s Caitriona warns future of series is ‘out of our hands' [INSIGHT]Outlander season 7: Producer shares update on series return [INSIGHT] The actor concluded: “However, when he’s alone, on his own land with no risk, he can reveal who he really is.” The show used this historical angle as Scottish Tartans were banned after the Battle of Culloden. This was also highlighted in the season six premiere during a flashback scene which took viewers back to Jamie’s time at Ardsmuir Prison. The scene showed Jamie taking the punishment for an elderly man’s possession of his clan colours. This led fans to point out Jamie had worn his kilt in front of redcoat soldiers during the season five opener. As Outlander is the on screen adaptation of a series of bestselling novels written by Diana Gabaldon, the author responded to fans’ questions. She noted the English forces weren’t as strict about enforcing the tartan law decades after Culloden: “Nobody cared to enforce a law like that — pointless in the Colonies in 1770-ish.” In 2019 she tweeted: “Neither was there a large force to spare; the British regulars couldn’t cover even a third of the territory — thus the push to enlist Loyalists to militia companies.” Outlander is available on Starz in the US and on Starzplay in the UK. 