After two years of summers with cancelled concerts due to the pandemic, postponed shows are finally able to get back on the road. Today, Ticketmaster have launched their special Summer Flash Sale, which will last for either 3 days or a week depending on the act. All offers are for either 2 for 1 or 50 per cent off and here are some of the highlights. Diana Ross and Duran Duran, who are both performing at the Platinum Party at the Palace for The Queen’s Jubilee this Saturday, are included in the deal. The 78-year-old singer is up for 2 for 1 when performing at Longleat this summer with tickets available here, and the new wave legends are on the same offer for Castle Howard with tickets available here. Both offers will last from May 30-June 5 only, as is the case with Sir Tom Jones, who is on 2 for 1 at Longleat, Waddesdon and the Blicking Estate in Norfolk here. Other 2 for 1 deals include Noel Gallagher performing at Dreamland, Margate, plus Westlife playing at Hop Farm in Kent and Colchester Castle Park. Meanwhile, in the 50 percent off tickets offers are the likes of Simply Red, performing in Norwich, Plymouth, Dundee and Colchester Castle Park. Also on this deal is The Who’s Roger Daltrey playing at Portsmouth Guildhall, O2 Apollo Manchester, Bournemouth Int Centre, New Oxford Theatre, Nottingham Royal Concert Hall, Liverpool Empire Theatre and London Palladium. Others on 2 for 1 are Tears for Fears, The Chemical Brothers, Culture Club, Russell Watson, Bootleg Beatles, Comedy Store, Paloma Faith, Cambridge Club Friday, Strawberries and Creem Festival, James, Madness, 50 Cent, Richard Ashcroft, Fatboy Slim, Rag N Bone Man, Kiefer Sutherland, Bryan Adams, Bombay Bicycle Club, Richard Ashcroft, Becky Hill, Rudimental, Faithless DJ Set and Jane McDonald. DON'T MISSBrian May teases new Queen Jubilee show after Buckingham Palace roof [BRIAN MAY]Tom Jones says he's too old for fans throwing their knickers at him [TOM JONES]Elvis Presley at Tom Jones concert photo shared by Linda Thompson [ELVIS] Additional 50 percent off offers include Alanis Morrissette (only two day deal), Daniel Sloss, Jason Manford, Ronan Keating, Harlem Globetrotters, TLC, Shaggy, Primal Scream, Macy Gray Blood Upon A Rose, Joe Lycett and Dragon Ball Symphonic. Shop the Ticketmaster Summer Flash Sale here.