The Queen is marking 70 years on the throne with a four-day bank holiday weekend in June. The Royal Family will be out in force for the national celebrations which include Trooping the Colour. Royal expert Robert Jobson has tipped Prince William and Kate's three children to make an appearance during the royal extravaganza. Mr Jobson told OK! magazine: “All three children are expected to be part of the Jubilee celebrations this year. “While William understands his children must be visible, he’s also aware of the daunting future ahead of them. “He’s been there himself. It’s scary, the expectation and destiny placed upon such a young child. “He’ll prepare them slowly and carefully. “It’s difficult for anybody, but he’s done a really good job. “I saw the children at the Duke of Edinburgh’s memorial service and they’re a credit to their parents.” George, eight, and Charlotte, seven, stepped out with their parents for Prince Philip's memorial service at Westminster Abbey in March. READ MORE: Kate and Prince William to grab spotlight from Charles when King Royal fans will no doubt be delighted if George, Charlotte and three-year-old Louis make appearances during the Platinum Jubilee. Celebrations kick off with Trooping the Colour on Thursday June 2. The parade will end with members of the Royal Family gathering on Buckingham Palace's balcony to watch an RAF fly-past. A service of thanksgiving for the Queen's reign will take place at St Paul’s Cathedral on Friday June 3. DON'T MISSRoyal POLL: Should Netflix cancel deal with Meghan and Harry? [POLL]Kate and Prince William's Windsor move draws closer [INSIGHT]Princess Charlotte is 'unencumbered' by 'over-powering royal role' [ANALYSIS] Royals will attend the Derby at Epsom Downs on Saturday June 4, before the Platinum Party at the Palace is held at the monarch's London residence. The live concert will see famous faces from the world of entertainment brought together to perform to celebrate the occasion. The Platinum Jubilee Pageant will be held on Sunday June 5 with the performance telling the story of the Queen's reign. It is not known if Meghan Markle and Prince Harry will return to the UK from the US to join the celebrations.