Harry Kane is open to signing a new contract at Tottenham - but only if Spurs are ready to wholeheartedly back Antonio Conte in the transfer market, according to reports. The England captain is set to endure a stress-free summer in comparison to last year's off-season when he was the subject of strong interest from Manchester City following the conclusion of Euro 2020.  Tottenham did not budge when placed under pressure by the champions though and they were eventually able to convince Kane to stay put for at least one more season under Nuno Espirito Santo. However, things did not work out under the Portuguese boss, who was sacked in November following a dismal start to life in north London, before Conte arrived to steady the ship and drive Spurs to a top-four finish. Now Tottenham are hoping the Italian will fulfil the second year of his contract as they prepare to back him with up to six new signings following a £150million cash injection from owners ENIC. And if that is the case - as expected - there could yet be more exciting news on the horizon... READ MORE: Tottenham's second summer signing target was made to play under Antonio Conte According to The Evening Standard, talismanic centre-forward Kane would be open to signing a new contract with Tottenham, with his current deal due to expire in the summer of 2024. That said, Kane's decision is believed to be centred around Tottenham's stance on backing Conte and the striker wants to see commitment in the transfer market before signing on the dotted line. Talks are yet to take place between Tottenham and Kane's representatives but that could soon change following the return of Champions League football in north London. City's acquisition of Erling Haaland from Borussia Dortmund also spells the end of their interest in Kane after several bids were rejected by Tottenham last summer. READ MOREManchester United transfer target Frenkie de Jong hints where he'll play next seasonPau Torres picks between Man Utd and Tottenham transfer as 'both clubs offer £45m'Arsenal 'see £76m mega transfer bid rejected' by Napoli for Victor Osimhen Separate reports claim Kane's agent called City in February to ask whether they would be interested in a summer deal once again. But the Premier League leaders are understood to have outlined their desire to push ahead with a move for Norwegian international Haaland, who has already arrived in Manchester to begin the next chapter of his career. Kane is also waiting for the outcome of Conte's crunch end-of-season meeting with the Tottenham hierarchy. The former Chelsea and Inter Milan boss is currently on holiday in his homeland of Italy, as he recharges the batteries following a rollercoaster campaign. He is due to meet with Daniel Levy and Fabio Paratici to discuss his future and the club's summer transfer business in due course, though. When quizzed on whether he will remain in charge of Tottenham for the 2022/23 season following the 5-0 win at Norwich, Conte told the press: "I'm under contract until next summer. I signed for one year and seven months. "I enjoyed a lot my time at Tottenham because, I repeat, for me, it was a big challenge. To come in during the season, for a coach like me, is not easy. It was a big challenge in a modern club with a fantastic stadium and training ground. I knew the situation I could find, to give me the opportunity to work in the way that I want, on the one hand. On the other hand, I have ambition, I like to fight for something important, to lift trophies. "For me this is a trophy and I'm very happy. Then we'll see. I always said at the end of the season we'll speak to the club and find the best solution for me and the club."