Conservative MPs are braced for the worst on Thursday when voters go to the polls with fears a series of gaffes and unpopular policies will deliver a devastating blow. Research for Electoral Calculus and Find Out Now found the Tories are on course to lose over a third of their seats. The party is set to lose 548 seats, retaining just 980, as well as being at risk of losing their flagship councils Westminster and Wandsworth alongside Barnet, Newcastle-under-Lyme, Southampton, and Thurrock. Meanwhile, Labour looks set to win more than 800 seats, taking their total to over 3,500. It is thought the additions will lead to the Opposition gaining control of an additional 16 councils. The Government is facing pressure over soaring taxes, the continued fallout over claims of lockdown parties in Downing Street, and backlash over scandal such as Tory MP Neil Parish watching porn in the House of Commons. READ MORE: Kate and William's 'strong silent tie-sign' suggests 'wonderful love' Martin Baxter, Chief Executive of Electoral Calculus, said: "The renewed ‘partygate’ focus has made a poor situation for the Conservatives even worse by persuading even more Conservative supporters not to turn out at the local elections. "The results could now be bad for Boris Johnson, especially if the Conservatives lose many hundreds of council seats and key flagship councils like Wandsworth or Westminster." The pollsters spoke to 1,749 participants in 201 councils that will be going to the polls this week. However, with pressure growing on Sir Keir Starmer to come clean about claims he broke lockdown rules at a campaign event last April, some Tory MPs hope the outcome will not be as bad as expected. The labour leader - who insists he was a ta work meeting and no laws were broken - was pictured drinking a bottle of beer indoors with others when the rules forbade it. One told Express.co.uk: "A few weeks ago all anyone was talking about was lockdown parties, but that is rarely mentioned now. It's more about cost of living. DON'T MISS: Election POLL: Do you back Boris Johnson ahead of local elections? (POLL)Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ hack to get rid of ants in homes (INSIGHT)Spain all-inclusive alcohol ban - full list of affected areas (REVEAL) "With Starmer's beer-drinking party, there's every chance the public will be put off voting Labour in the coming days and it won't be the result everyone fears." The latest polling comes after Conservative Party chairman Oliver Dowden accused the Liberal Democrats and Labour of creating a pact to damage the Tories at the elections. There are a number of key Labour target seats in which the Lib Dems have stood down in, while Sir Keir's party appears to have done the same for areas likely to back Sir Ed Davey's candidates on Thursday. Mr Dowden wrote a letter to Sir Keir accusing him of a plot that will "deny voters a proper democratic choice". He said: "There has been a considerable amount of media reporting of the existence of an electoral pact between Labour and the Liberal Democrats in recent months. "It now appears that your plans to deny voters a proper democratic choice are coming to fruition." A spokesman for the Lib Dems said they had stood down in just three percent of seats and claim of a pact with Labour was "total nonsense". They added: "Parties always allocate resource in pragmatic ways to win as many seats as possible." 