There's so much to love about the Sonos Roam – and almost nothing to dislike. It serves as a brilliant introduction for those who've never owned a Sonos speaker before, thanks to the flexibility to switch between lossless music streaming over Wi-Fi inside the house and Bluetooth on-the-road. And for those who already own a number of Sonos speakers at home, the Roam is a must-have addition that will extend your audio system into the garden and further afield. Whether you're new to Sonos or a veteran with speakers in every room, the affordable price tag of the Sonos Roam makes it one of the best Sonos speaker deals around. Inside the house, Sonos Roam works like any other speaker in the lineup – you can queue up songs from dozens of music streaming platforms, radio stations, podcasts, audiobooks, and even vinyl and your old iTunes library. It also supports AirPlay 2 for lossless streaming from any iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, or MacBook on your Wi-Fi network. Roam can be synchronised with other Sonos speakers across your home, or it can play an individual track in each room in the house. Sonos has even designed a stylish wireless charging stand for the Roam, so you won't need to worry about keeping the battery topped up when using it as part of your multi-room system inside the house. And as soon as you're out of range of your home Wi-Fi network, Sonos Roam becomes a Bluetooth speaker that can be paired with any iOS or Android device to wirelessly stream playlists, albums, podcasts, and audiobooks on-the-move. Sonos Roam is now available in a wide choice of colours: Shadow Black, Lunar White, Sunset, Wave, and Olive. Whether you're looking to match the décor inside your home or bring a flash of colour to your next pool party, Roam is the most colourful speaker in the Sonos lineup. And if you want to ensure this portable speaker matches the rest of the home audio setup inside your house, you can always opt for the Shadow Black option, which is colour-matched to the Sonos Beam, Sonos Arc, Sonos One, and even the Symfonisk speakers built in collaboration with IKEA. The stylish triangular design not only helps the Sonos Roam stand out from the crowds of rival Bluetooth speakers, but also makes it easier to hold – even when it's soaking wet. That's useful as the Roam can be plunged into one meter (3.2ft) of water for 30 minutes. Even if you are afflicted with butterfingers, Sonos has used "shock-absorbent materials" to ensure the Roam can withstand a few accidental drops. In our time with the Sonos Roam, our review unit endured a couple of tumbles and still looked brand-new. In fact, our only gripe with the Sonos Roam is the 10-hour battery, which feels a little lacklustre at this price point. For example, the similarly-priced MegaBoom 3 by Ultimate Ears can blast tunes for 20 hours between charges. Of course, that speaker isn't doing some of the clever TruePlay tuning in the background, but for those who want to spend all-day at the beach listening to their favourite songs ...the Sonos Roam isn't quite up to the task. Thankfully, Sonos Roam uses USB-C to recharge, which is the same charging cable you'll find with all recent Android smartphones, Nintendo Switch, iPad Air and iPad Pro, and the most recent Microsoft Surface and MacBook Air. So, that will save some space in your suitcase when you're packing for your next holiday. The Roam is the smallest, cheapest and most portable device the audio firm has ever built, but don't think for one minute that its price and size mean the quality we've come to expect from the US audio brand has been compromised. Express.co.uk has been putting the Roam through its paces for the past few weeks and we've been left seriously impressed. Straight out of the box, it feels at one with the trusty Sonos speakers we've grown to love over the years with a build quality that's as good as all previous products. It's also incredibly simple to set up and, if you already own some Sonos kit, you'll be up and running in the time it takes to get a playlist started on your phone. Power up the Roam and things sound pretty impressive. This portable speaker is comfortably able to fill a good-sized room with some rich and detail-packed sound. It's not by any means the loudest or most bass-rich Sonos speaker but, for its size, it packs a very decent audio punch. To help create this mighty soundscape, Sonos has tucked two class-H amplifiers, one tweeter, and one custom racetrack mid-woofer inside its shell. There are also fully adjustable EQ settings so you can add more bass, treble, or loudness to your tunes. Sonos' clever Trueplay tuning technology is also included which sets about smartly adjusting the sound for the speaker's orientation and location. That's important as the Roam can be placed upright or flat depending on where you happen to place it. Even when you pick it up and move the Roam to another room or position, Trueplay automatically begins adapting to its new surroundings making sure you always get the best sound. For those who have used any other product in Sonos' lineup and had to wander around the perimeter of the room wafting their iPhone in the air to enable Trueplay, it's clear that this is a much, much better system to fine-tune the audio performance. We've been using the Roam on its own in our home office during the day before moving it into the kitchen at night where it seamlessly joins our Sonos One and Play:5 to add an even more immersive sound to the room. That's something we really like about the Roam as it's so easy to pick up and move around your home or garden, while still seamlessly linking to all of your other Sonos kit – exactly like a full-sized Sonos One. Even the triangular design means grabbing it is easy and you never feel like it's going to slip through your fingers. Of course, being a Sonos speaker it needs to be linked to your Wi-Fi to get the full multi-room experience, but the firm is clearly aware that owners might also fancy taking it to the park or beach. Once you start heading further afield you can then switch over to a standard Bluetooth connection allowing you to play tunes straight from any phone or tablet. The minute you walk back through the front door the speaker instantly switches back to Wi-Fi. It's all clever stuff but its audio quality and portability aren't the only thing to love as it's so beautifully simple to use. Being battery powered, the Roam automatically goes to sleep to save its energy but start up the Sonos app and it instantly springs back into life without you having to touch a single button. It's all so seamless and effortless that using it is an absolute joy and you'll never find yourself having to start pressing buttons or linking the device to your phone to get the party started. The simple controls on the top also make it easy to pump up the volume or switch on /off the Alexa and Google voice controls - yes it's fully compatible with these chatty assistants meaning you can start playlists or set timers without lifting a finger. Other vital features include a water-resistant design which is IPX 67 rated. That means it's not only able to take a dip in the pool but is also protected against sand - that should put your mind at rest when heading on your next summer holiday. It should also survive plenty of punishment as Sonos says it's designed to be drop-proof. We'll have to take their word for that as, luckily, we didn't drop our review unit whilst testing. We have very few moans about the Roam, but one thing that is worth noting is the battery life. Unfortunately, you'll only get around 10 hours on a single charge. That's probably enough for most days out... but it does lag behind some of its similarly priced rivals, including the UE Boom, which can keep on going for another five hours after the Roam conks out. Sonos also only supplies a USB-C cable in the box – but no plug, which is slightly annoying and could mean needing to splash out on an extra charging accessory. The Roam can charge wirelessly with Sonos selling its dock for £44. We did place ours on a standard Qi charger and it seemed to work fine. If you have one of these lying around your home to refill your smartphone you might want to try it and save yourself a few quid. READ MORE