EastEnders fans have been through it lately regarding Kat Slater (played by Jessie Wallace) and her son Tommy (Sonny Kendall). With Tommy accidentally stabbing bully Sid (Buddy Skelton) last month, his school expulsion is now set to cause even bigger issues for the family. As a rising sporting star, it looks like Tommy could be onto a winner with him being scouted for the local football team. However, an unfriendly Walford resident has other plans for him, and their loose lips ruffle Kat's feathers. Still living in fear of what repercussions may come from the accidental stabbing, Kat is relieved to have some more positive news this week. In upcoming scenes, Kate is pleased to hear the local football team has spotted her son's talent, however the anxiety over whether or not they will find out about his knife crime starts to get to the worried mother. Needing a sounding board for her concerns, she sits down with Martin Fowler (James Bye) to voice her concerns, a decision that has consequences. Offering his best advice, he encourages her to take the meeting with the football club still as it could lead to bigger and better things, but they are interrupted by a prying Sam (Kim Medcalf), who tries to eavesdrop. Read More: Ant McPartlin bandaged up by medics after suffering BGT injury After a six-year absence from the Square, Sam returned this month and is already involved in the drama. Despite learning Tommy is still suspended from school and might not be allowed to return, Kat takes Martin's advice and tells Tommy about the opportunity. Will this news be the start of a downward spiral for young Tommy as his football hopes soon take a turn for the worst? Happy with the potential football coaching, mother and son meet up with coach Collin, but Sam can't help but interrupt their hopeful encounter.  Feeling safe talking to Martin, Kat confides in him, and she finds the courage to open a letter about Tommy's police case. Sonia (Natalie Cassidy) inadvertently upsets Tommy when she tells him this but pretending to be unmoved, Tommy's mind quickly returns to becoming a footballer. With his newfound knowledge of what could lead to the start of a successful football career, Tommy can't wait to continue practising. Looking forward to joining the local club, Sam's nosiness could be on track to derail his dreams when she overhears Nancy (Maddy Hill) and Zack (James Farrar) about the knife incident while at The Vic. DON’T MISS…Big Bang Theory’s Kaley Cuoco in tears as she pays tribute to co-star 'Helped me so much' [LATEST]Naga Munchetty suffers mishap as she tells BBC Breakfast viewers Boris Johnson's in prison [LATEST]The Bay's Daniel Ryan's tribute to co-star ahead of new season 'Can survive cast change' [LATEST] She joins in the trio's conversation and raises her voice as she contributes, just loud enough for Collin to hear. Sam's meddling results in the coach telling Kat that Tommy cannot join the team, which both angers the mother and leaves her devastated as she is the one who has to break the news to her son. Confronting Sam, Kat faces Sam, but she's surprised to find out the truth and later scolds Martin, Zack and Nancy for ruining Tommy's chances. Thinking things can't get any worse, Martin accidentally delivers a second blow. Will his big mouth cause a lasting rift between him and Tommy?  Apologising to Tommy for the mishap, Martin reveals that he won't be joining the football team, and based on Tommy's reaction, he soon realises that Kat was yet to tell him. Confused and mad, Tommy disappears and is no were to be found. His disappearance prompts Kat to look for him, which forces her to miss Scarlett's (Tabitha Byron) hearing. Tommy eventually turns up, but Kat has some more news for him about his police case. What could the news be? Is Tommy's football career truly over? And did he react and do something foolish in his absence? EastEnders continues on Monday at 7.30pm on BBC One. 