Those eligible can get the payment via the Carer’s Allowance Supplement if they have a back dated claim, and they live in Scotland. Anyone whose Carer's Allowance award has been backdated to include October 11, 2021 will receive an extra payment in June. Carer's Allowance Supplement is paid twice a year to people living in Scotland who receive Carer's Allowance from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). People do need to apply for it as it is paid automatically to those receiving Carer's Allowance. It was offered in December, 2021 and given to more than 90,000 claimants. The next payment date is in June, 2022. This means that if someone did not receive the £462.80 Carer's Allowance Supplement payment in December, and their claim has been backdated, they should get the extra money next month.  READ MORE: 'Crazy amount of money!' Couple shocked as they learn they can save over £8,000 in a year The first payment will be delivered around the middle of June if claimants receive Carer’s Allowance by April 12, 2022. Later in the year, the second payment will be administered sometime in December if Carer’s Allowance recipients get paid by October 11, 2022. Due to the efforts of unpaid carers during the pandemic, the Scottish Government gave Carer’s Allowance Supplement claimants a double payment in December 2021. As a result, those who were getting the benefit were paid £462.80 for the month which is the total of what someone would get in a year through Carer’s Allowance Supplement. To qualify for the backdated payment, people must have been: If someone is eligible for this payment, Social Security Scotland will pay it into the same account that they get their Carer's Allowance. However, most eligible carers will have received the payment in December 2021. If someone is getting a payment for the October 11, 2021 eligibility date, they’ll get a total payment of £462.80 in June, 2022. This is made up of: If someone already received the extra payment in December, they will receive a £245.70 payment in June. If they’re due to receive a payment Social Security Scotland will send them a letter telling them the amount to expect. If they’re also due to receive backdated supplement payments they may receive a different amount. It’s worth noting that this payment is taxable, but it will not affect any other benefits or Tax Credits someone may already receive. People do not need to contact Social Security Scotland about this payment, the letter will confirm the details about their upcoming payment. People can find out more about Carer’s Allowance Supplement on the mygov.scot website.