Richard Osman, 51, has hit out at people taking “unsolicited photos” of him after a fan took a picture of him in public without his consent. The House of Games host took to Twitter on Tuesday to address the moment, which he described as “excruciatingly awkward”. In view of his 1.1 million followers, he tweeted: “A lady on my train just took a surreptitious photo of me, and I looked up as she was doing it. “So the rest of the journey will now be excruciatingly awkward for both of us.” Richard later responded to a tweet from a fellow online user, who asked him how he feels about strangers taking “unsolicited” pictures of him. Twitter account CapriciousBow enquired: “Genuine Q.... in case I ever see you on a train.... READ MORE: Loose Women's Denise Welch dares to bare in snakeskin swimsuit “How do unsolicited photos by strangers make you feel? “I imagine you’ll say something polite as always, but I secretly (not so secret now) hope you are miffed?” Richard insisted: “Unsolicited is an absolute no-no. “Just ask! I like a chat!” the Pointless star concluded. Other Twitter users replied to Richard’s post, weighing in on the TV star’s experience. Djspapa agreed: “Absolutely! Why on Earth would someone do that? “If they’d simply just asked politely they might even have had an opportunity of a selfie together!” (sic) Thecatman1970 recounted: “I met you once outside BBC studios before the #fightingtalk finals. “You are a top bloke just wish we had longer to chat.” FeralMother44 said: “You’ve always struck me as approachable, with appropriate respect.” Gardencomet asked: “If she'd asked would you have taken a selfie of you both?” Richard has recently revealed he is set to marry Doctor Who and Peep Show actress Ingrid Oliver, 45. The pair met over lockdown and said he is “excited” about their upcoming wedding. Richard confirmed his big news during a sit-down interview with best-selling author Marian Keyes. "Is it true you are getting married?” Marian asked. Richard replied: “Yes. Exciting, isn’t it?”