She suggested a supplement called astaxanthin. Jessica Shand is the Naturopathic Nutrition Specialist behind Eat Nourish + Glow. She creates tailored nutrition plans to improve hormones and blood sugar levels, therefore improving skin. She specialises in women's health after her own journey with PCOS, which has a negative impact on her skin, energy levels, and general health. The health expert said: "A relatively unheard of nutrient but one you should get to know if you want to go the extra mile in helping your skin age gracefully and glowingly. "Astaxanthin is derived from the micro-algae that gives pink flamingos, salmon and lobster their rosy hue and it improves skin texture, and elasticity and helps to smooth fine lines." Jessica, whose tips you can follow at @eatnourishandglow, particularly recommends one supplement which contains the nutrient, although it is available in other forms too. She said: "This particular nutrient can be found in the Manifesto Beauty Supplement - and extracted from the sustainably sourced (and entirely vegan) micro-algae ‘Haematococcus Pluvialis’, for the highest purity and potency. I couldn’t recommend it enough." READ MORE: Anti-aging for the neck: 'From turkey neck to swan neck' - 'lift and tighten every inch' The Manifesto Beauty Vitamin Gummies also contain biotin, inulin and açai berry. Astaxanthin is a red pigment and causes the pink colour of salmon. It's an antioxidant, and it's thought it can improve the immune system and protect cells from damage. Many people use astaxanthin to help with anti-aging, as well as muscle soreness. A study in 2012 found using topical and oral astaxanthin combined helped to reduce age spots, smooth wrinkles, and keep skin smooth. DON'T MISS'Age beautifully': Look for 3 effective ingredients in skincare [BEAUTY] Exclusive face yoga routine to 'eradicate' sagging jowls [ANTI-AGING] Bella Hadid's facialist's essential 'daily' face yoga moves [HOW TO] It can be taken as an oral supplement, but there are also foods that are natural sources of astaxanthin. Jessica also recently detailed her broth recipe that makes skin "youthful and firm". She has told Express.co.uk that bone broth is her secret recipe for youthful skin. Bone broth is made by simmering meaty joints and bones for a long time to release the proteins. Jessica told Express.co.uk: "Chicken broth contains a real powerhouse of nutrients and natural medicinal qualities including calcium, magnesium, protein, fatty acids, amino acids, and collagen while also offering anti-inflammatory goodness for your whole body."