Golf star Justin Thomas has hit out at PGA Championship bosses over its treatment of spectators attending this week’s event. Thomas arrived at Southern Hills in the hunt of his second major title, after winning the PGA Championship back in 2017.  As well as having his mind on a big week of golf, the world No. 9 has also spared a thought for those watching him and his fellow tour stars in Oklahoma. Ahead of the event, the extortionate prices of food and drink at Southern Hills available fans were released on social media and received plenty of backlash. An image of the price list of the available refreshments showed that a can of Stella Artois beer would cost an eye-watering $18 (£14.40), whilst a glass of wine was setting fans back $13 (£10.40). It wasn’t just alcohol that cost supporters a pretty penny, with a bottle of water coming in at $6 (£4.80) and a caesar salad costing $16 (£12.80). One man in particular who led the criticism against the ridiculous pricing was Thomas, who hit out at the PGA on Twitter, asking for fans to be ‘treated better’. The American wrote: “$18(!!!!!!) for a beer… uhhhh what. Gotta treat the fans better than that!” JUST IN: TV reporter 'covered in blood' and hospitalised after wayward PGA Championship shot Thomas’ thoughts were also echoed by those subject to paying the eye-watering prices - the fans. One in particular - @DavePalm66 - revealed he was ‘disgusted’ via a post on Twitter. The angered supporter tweeted: “That’s disgusting!!!! I would never go to watch a tournament like that what a ripoff!!! “I’m going back a few years ago but was lucky enough to go to a practice round at Augusta and what a fan experience that was and the beers were $3 and pulled pork sandwiches $2 or $3 I’m sure.” DON'T MISSDustin Johnson: Net worth as he eyes third major at PGA ChampionshipPhil Mickelson Saudi golf fallout as he misses PGA ChampionshipPhil Mickelson reputation ruined after historic PGA Championship win  One Twitter user - @Geezer211 - called on those attending the event to go on concession stand ‘strike’ and refuse to buy anything. They wrote: “The fans should do a concessions strike. Don't buy ANYTHING! Maybe then they will realise that charging that much doesn't net you more money, but less!” Away from the controversy in the spectator, the angered Thomas is putting in a fine performance on the other side of the ropes. The world No. 9 recorded two impressive three-under par rounds of 67 on Thursday and Friday to leave him six-under for the tournament, just three behind midway leader Will Zalatoris.