Queen Letizia attended a commemorative event for the 10th anniversary of the "Mujeres Por Africa" foundation on Thursday May 19, 2022. She looked classic and effortless in a mid-length white dress and camel accessories. Ever the elegant royal, Queen Letizia stepped out in a recycled Pedro Del Hierro dress. It is called the Pedro Del Hierro Sleeveless Crepe Midi Dress in Ivory. The dress features a round neckline, fitted bodice, shaping seams and a pleated skirt. Its cinched waist showcases the royal's slim frame. READ MORE: Letizia of Spain shows off 'serious abs' in 'daring dress for a Queen' Reportedly part of the Spring/Summer 2019 collection, the Spanish Queen has been spotted in the classic garment on several occasions. She was pictured wearing the beautiful dress in Argentina in 2019 at a ceremony honouring Argentina's National Hero Jose de San Martin. Clearly unable to get enough of the stunning piece, Letizia opted to wear it again on September 12, 2019, to commemorate the 500 year anniversary of Elcano and Magallanes first round-the-world expedition. On June 8, 2021, the Queen attended the exhibition tribute for "Emilia Pardo Bazan" at Biblioteca Nacional in Madrid, Spain wearing the same dress. This time, she paired it with some fashionable snakeskin heels and a matching clutch. And when the royal wore this fabulous dress in Argentina, she opted for a bold red handbag and stilettos. But this week, Queen Letizia let her dress do the talking by pairing it with camel coloured accessories. On her feet, she opted for pointed-toe Carolina Herrera slingback pumps, in brown suede. Her petite Carolina Herrera camel-toned handbag complemented this perfectly. As is typical of the Spanish monarch, Queen Letizia went for minimal makeup and a simple hairstyle. Her makeup look consisted of long, fluttery eyelashes, a subtle smokey eye, slightly rouged cheeks and a pink shimmery gloss on her lips. As for her hair, she wore her long, straight dark tresses down. For accessories, Queen Letizia also kept it simple but chic. On one finger she opted for her signature Karen Hallam oval shaped gold ring. And to non-royals' delight, the "Signature Ring", as it is known, is not as pricey as one might think. It is sold from anywhere from £93 to £929, depending on the size of ring you purchase and the material it is made from - available in sterling silver, gold-plated silver and solid gold. Of course, Queen Letizia fans flocked to social media in awe of the royal. Instagram user @elliem705 stated: "Beautiful and dresses better than Kate Middleton!" @evamariaguter said: "Love the dress." @mcgin77 commented on the royal's figure: "Her arms are amazing!"