Netflix decided to add the content warning to the first episode of Stranger Things series four as viewers may find the opening scene distressing in light of the mass shooting at a school in Uvalde. The warning comes after the premiere preview for the season was removed from YouTube.   The warning card reads: “We filmed this season of Stranger Things a year ago. "But given the recent tragic shooting at a school in Texas, viewers may find the opening scene of episode one distressing. "We are deeply saddened by this unspeakable violence, and our hearts go out to every family mourning a loved one.” The content warning will appear when the new season lands on the streaming giant at midnight (Saturday, May 28). READ MORE: Piers Morgan rages ‘fame hungry’ Meghan will ‘hijack headlines  The message will be screened before the season three recap which appears at the start of season four's first episode for viewers in the United States only. As well as the warning, a description for the opening episode has been edited by Netflix. It will now include: “Warning: Contains graphic violence involving children.” Netflix has also added a "disturbing images" warning to the show rating advisories.  The original video of the first few minutes of the new season of Stranger Things, which contained graphic images of dead children, was taken down from the show's YouTube page following the massacre. The decision comes after an 18-year-old gunman named Salvador Ramos opened fire at a school on Tuesday. He killed 19 pupils and two teachers, and officials said Ramos entered the school with a rifle and handgun. Many of the victims were just 10 years old when they died in the shooting and many others were injured. DON'T MISS...Stranger Things star Sadie Sink on ‘physically exhausting’ season 4 [LATEST]How did Eleven lose her powers in Stranger Things? [INSIGHT]Stranger Things season 4 cast: Who is Eddie Munson actor Joseph Quinn? [UPDATE] The season’s official logline reads: “It’s been six months since the Battle of Starcourt, which brought terror and destruction to Hawkins. "Struggling with the aftermath, our group of friends are separated for the first time — and navigating the complexities of high school hasn’t made things any easier. “In this most vulnerable time, a new and horrifying supernatural threat surfaces, presenting a gruesome mystery that, if solved, might finally put an end to the horrors of the Upside Down.” The season is made up of nine episodes, with seven arriving at the same time as part of the first instalment.  The final two episodes will be feature-length and they will air on July 1. The season promises to be much darker and more horrifying than previous instalments. One of the creators, Matt Duffer, said: "We’re always trying something different each season to make sure the show is evolving. "And that comes naturally in a lot of ways because our kids are growing up." Stranger Things season four will be available to watch on Netflix from Saturday.  