Villarreal owner Fernando Roig believes his side were denied by a 'scandalous' penalty decision in their Champions League semi-final defeat to Liverpool. The Spanish billionaire has praised the efforts of his team against the 'superior' Reds, but has slammed referee Danny Makkelie for 'small actions' going in favour of the visitors. Unai Emery's side lifted the Europa League trophy last season, and had already dispatched Bayern Munich and Juventus in the knockout stages this season ahead of their final-four clash with Liverpool. Jurgen Klopp's side dominated the first-leg at Anfield, but their two-goal cushion was wiped out by an impressive first-half display from the underdogs. Boulaye Dia halved the deficit after just three minutes, and Francis Coquelin levelled the contest with a back-post header just before half-time. However, Liverpool rallied following the interval and eventually secured a comfortable 5-2 aggregate victory with goals from Fabinho, substitute Luis Diaz and Sadio Mane. Minutes before Coquelin's goal, Villarreal had a strong appeal for a penalty waved away despite Tottenham loanee Giovani Lo Celso being brought down by Alisson. Makkelie ruled that the Liverpool goalkeeper had got to the ball first before the heavy collision, and Roig was left fuming by the call. The Villarreal owner told Marca: "It was a scandalous penalty. The referee doesn't have the level to officiate this match. It seems to me a scandalous penalty for Lo Celso, I don't see any [other] possible interpretation. It doesn't serve as an excuse, because there they were superior and could win more, but this arbitration does not have level for a time like this. There have been a lot of small actions that have gone in their favour." Makkelie declined to check the VAR monitor despite the huge protests from the Villarreal fans and players, and it was not the only decision which drew scorn from Roig. He added: "There were three fouls on the edge of the area in the first half, the set piece is very important and we couldn't have it. Our forces were failing and it would have been good for us." Emery's side battled hard but saw their hopes for a comeback victory dashed in the space of 12 minutes as Liverpool struck three times to book their place in Paris. It brought to an end another remarkable European journey, and the former Arsenal and PSG boss had nothing but praise for his side after the full-time whistle. He told BBC Sport: “When you have lost the moment is sad for everybody. We can’t be happy because of the way we were doing good matches, good battles against Juventus, Bayern Munich and then some excellence against Liverpool. First half tonight we showed everybody we are a good team as well and we can have chances too, but the difference in two matches was with them.”