A new code of conduct, endorsed by the SNP, demands a "zero-tolerance approach" to "discrimination and prejudice". It specifically highlights Anglophobia - a dislike or hatred of the English - as an example of unacceptable conduct. It also calls for signatories to "engage those who are yet to be convinced of the ­positive case for Scottish independence… politely and positively, without rancour and bitterness." Stewart Hosie, a senior SNP MP, has endorsed the code of conduct, saying it "will likely be a template" for the independence movement. He said that "intemperate language" could "weaken the campaign", and that the new guide will help to eliminate it. The code of conduct was devised by the Aberdeen Independence Movement but according to Mr Hosie, it is likely to be rolled out nationwide. Mr Hosie said that poor language would "bring down the tone" of the independence campaign and hamper "enthusiasm" for the movement. He told The National: "It’s absolutely vital that we cannot allow our political ­opponents to pick out individuals, single words that someone may have once said inadvertently or angrily on Twitter or Facebook, to bring down the tone of our campaign and the ­enthusiasm of our movement across the country. "Let’s make sure not a single Yes campaign anywhere in Aberdeen, anywhere in the northeast, anywhere in Scotland allows themselves to use the kind of intemperate language which would weaken the campaign." This comes ahead of a promised second Independence referendum. Nicola Sturgeon has said that her "strong preference and intention" is to hold another referendum in the first half of parliament, up to 2023. READ MORE: Sturgeon skewered as EIGHT stats show SNP faces £3.5bn black hole Earlier this month, the SNP's deputy Westminster Leader Kirsten Oswald told BBC Scotland's The Sunday Show that the SNP is "cranking up" for a second referendum. This came after the SNP made gains in the May local elections. She said: "[The election] does send us a clear signal that people have a real appetite to look to the future, and a better future that independence will bring. "I think it's a mistake for anybody to suggest we are stuck. DON'T MISS: Sturgeon skewered as EIGHT stats show SNP faces £3.5bn black hole [ANALYSIS] 'Don't give a f*** about Jubilee' Calls for 'Scottish republic' grow [REACTION] Sturgeon eviscerated over indie dream as she's compared to Rod Stewart [OPINION] "The people of Scotland are entitled to their democratically-held views. "I think we absolutely are on the move towards a referendum and the first minister has been very clear on our position in terms of timing and what we would like to see - and we have a mandate for that as well, don't forget. "I look forward to things cranking up and I would reflect again it is absolutely not democratically possible for the Conservatives to keep suggesting that this won't happen. "It is not up to them, it's up to the people of Scotland." UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson has dismissed Ms Sturgeon's demands for a second referendum next year.