Skerntian Keri says he was confronted by an officer on Saturday after a complaint was filed about an individual trespassing into a neighbour’s property to retrieve a child’s ball. Mr Keri claimed the police officer twice visited his home in West Bromwich, having appeared to have mistaken him for a different neighbour. Speaking to Birmingham Live, the social worker said: "I told her (the police officer) I did not have anything to do with the dispute and thought that would be it. I was then upstairs in my room when my wife came in.... [and] told me a police officer was in our garden."I went outside and the police officer told me they had received some complaints from the neighbours about the children throwing a ball going into the property'. She then said it was a bald man going into the property, and said that I fit the description." Mr Keri alleged that the police officer had a description of a child involved and said that his son fit the description.  Mr Keri said: "My son, with some other children, play football in the garden and I know that sometimes they accidentally throw the ball to the neighbours. They will get the ball if it ends up in another house. However, I don't think this is a major issue for the police to come out and investigate. "I said to the police officer that, at the end of the day, these are children between the ages of six and ten. I asked her what she is going to do about it, and she told me I need to do something about it, otherwise she would call social services and remove the children. "I asked her if she was threatening to call them. She said no, but told me if it happened again, she would call them to remove the children." Mr Keri claimed the police officer told them both he and his son, aged six, could be prosecuted for trespassing. He complained to the constabulary, which referred the matter to their professional services department. But they stated they have not been able to find the officer, telling him there were "no records" of a police officer attending the property - although footage from Mr Keri's house apparently shows a police car parked outside his home. A spokesman for West Midlands Police said: We have received a complaint and a member of our Professional Standards Department has contacted the complainant. "Unfortunately the officer in question could not be identified, but the gentleman was satisfied with our response to his complaint and no further action needs to be taken. We expect the highest standards of professionalism from our officers and all complaints are taken seriously."  