The 61-year-old host of the hit ITV quiz show was gobsmacked as solicitor Esther sailed through her cash builder round without missing a single question, landing her an impressive and almost unheard of £10,000. Bradley Walsh congratulated the 45-year-old before stating the win was "rare", adding her success was "unbelievable". As she answered question after question correctly and at speed, Esther was soon at £7,000. "What country replaced The Lat with the Euro as its currency in 2014?" Bradley asked. "Latvia," the player quickly responded correctly yet again. The presenter then asked: "Which character first appears in the Sherlock Holmes story, The Final Problem?" READ MORE: Carol Kirkwood confirms engagement live on BBC Breakfast "Moriarty," Esther replied, adding an extra £1,000 to her cash builder. "Denis King wrote the music Galloping Home for a 70s TV show about which horse?" Bradley continued. "Black Beauty," Esther responded as the host confirmed the answer was correct. "Ah mate, that was unbelievably, truly," Bradley remarked following the round. He repeated: "Ah, mate," before asking how many answered Esther believed she answered. "Eight?" she asked before he corrected her, revealing it had in fact been 10. "No!" she replied, stunned. Bradley continued: "Never missed one, that was magic." He added: "10, brilliant, truly brilliant, that's very rare." DON'T MISS... Amanda Burton opens up on surprise return to Silent Witness [EXCLUSIVE]The Repair Shop's Jay Blades unveils 'rule' of series 'Not allowed' [LATEST]Emmerdale theory: Leyla's life on the line over Suzy secret [THEORY] The Vixen told Esther she should have had more confidence in herself and gone for the high offer of £40,000. Esther's success came after junior doctor Ben secured £7,000 after facing Chaser Jenny "The Vixen" Ryan. Unfortunately, Anne, 61, was caught by The Vixen during her round. After Esther, environmental consultant Tony managed to add an extra £4,000 to the team's collection.  "That bodes well for a good score in the Final Chase," Anne admitted after the team secured £21,000 between the three of them. During the Final Chase, the trio managed to answer 19 questions correctly. "Well done, well done," Bradley commented before Anne rejoined them to face her all-important last questions. She began to crumble after a couple of incorrect answers and the team bagged the winning money. The Chase airs weekdays at 5pm on ITV.