It’s going to be another big summer ahead for Manchester United. The Red Devils have endured a chastening year and have confirmed Ralf Rangnick will make way for Erik ten Hag this summer. And Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, the last permanent manager of the Red Devils, has already made his own position on the squad crystal clear. Manchester United sacked Solskjaer back in November, less than 24 hours after the club had been battered 4-1 by Watford at Vicarage Road. Yet things have failed to improve in the time since, with the club’s fortunes worsening since Rangnick took charge. Ten Hag will be the new manager of United next season, with the Dutchman agreeing to leave Ajax in order to work at Old Trafford. Many feel he needs to overhaul the squad from top to bottom, particularly given their dire form throughout the campaign. Yet Solskjaer, speaking in his farewell interview back in November, made it clear he felt he’d improved the club enough for whoever comes in next. “Well, as I’ve said many times in interviews, I’ve been backed,” said the 49-year-old. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings “The board and the owners have backed me in [terms of] bringing good people in, good players in and I think, or I know, I leave this club with a better squad. “The environment is fantastic, it’s an environment I’m proud of leaving because you have to enjoy coming in here working. “I don’t want to pre-empt anything but the two times I’ve left Molde, they’ve won the league the year after, so all the best to whoever takes over – that’s the expectation! “I think there is potential in this club. We all love the club, and we all want to see it continue.” Solskjaer also insisted at the time that he’d laid positive foundations for his successor, which is now confirmed to be Ten Hag, to build upon. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag “Well, I’m proud of what we did,” he stated. “The first run first of all, that was enjoyable. But then to finish third, I loved that last game, Jesse [Lingard] scored. “The way we put the run together and got the third position, fantastic. Great effort by everyone, the team, the squad. “Second place last season ahead of arguably one of the best teams in Europe, I think that’s a great achievement as well. “And we were so close in Europe. Sometimes that’s the fine margin for you, one penalty. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “We were close and that’s something I’ll always remember as well. Semi-finals. “I know the foundation is there, I know they’re ready to kick on and I’m sure they will.” But Solskjaer’s comments have now aged poorly. His interim replacement, Rangnick, believes United need to turn things around and overhaul their squad in order to be successful again. “I still strongly believe that there is a core of players who are top, good enough to play for this club,” he said. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Hope must be here next season. If we bring in the right players, mentality players, I am positive we will be able to bring this club back to the top. “It is maybe not possible in one window, but next two or three. "We spoke about that in detail, how I could be of help. “I think we showed at Hoffenheim, Salzburg and Leipzig that is is possible to identify, develop and sell. “This is what is most important for whom it is the next logical step in their career."