Rafael Nadal’s French Open chances have been in doubt since he crashed out of the Italian Open to Denis Shapovalov, admitting his chronic foot injury had caused him pain during the match. The 13-time French Open champion’s compatriot Paula Badosa has now commented on his “worrying” words and shared her thoughts on Nadal’s hopes at his most successful tournament. WTA world No 3 Badosa enjoyed her own success in Paris last year, reaching a Grand Slam quarter-final for the first time while ranked down at world No 35. She now returns as one of the favourites for the women’s title, while there are question marks surrounding 13-time champion Nadal following his exit from the recent Rome Masters, and the 24-year-old has now commented on her compatriot’s chances. “At the time, many years ago, we said that he was going to be retired and he has never been, he has always surprised and has gotten better,” she told Eurosport. “He is a machine, for me he is from another planet, what has he done.” The three-time title winner also shared her hope for the ATP world No 5 to continue his success though doubted how much longer Nadal would remain on top of the sport. "Hopefully it will be for many more years because it helps a lot to Spain, to Spanish sport . I don't know how much it can have left,” she continued. And Badosa also shared her concern over Nadal’s recent injury comments, though was hopeful the issues wouldn’t be reflected in his performance, adding: “The other day the statements were worrying, sad. But I hope they only stay in a few statements.” JUST IN: Djokovic reveals inspiration as son fires tennis career off with win   The 35-year-old described himself not as injured, but as a “player living with an injury” after he lost his 6-1 lead to fall 1-6 7-5 6-2 to Shapovalov in the third-round of the Rome Masters. "It's nothing new. It's something that is there, and unfortunately, my day by day is difficult, honestly,” he said of the Mueller-Weiss Syndrome, a chronic pain in the mid-section of the foot, that he has struggled with throughout his career. “Since I came back, the foot have been tough, being honest, no?” he admitted after the loss. “It's tough for me to be able to practise the proper way days in a row. So then you need to move well to compete at the highest level, something that I am not able to practise. Then things become much more difficult. DON'T MISSDjokovic 'wants revenge' as Wilander discusses French Open hopesUkrainian star demands Russian tennis players answer three questionsFederer written off as GOAT claim rubbished by tennis icon Luis Clerc   “Negative thing and toughest thing for me today is honestly I start to feel myself play much better. I started the match playing much better. My practice was much better, the warmup, than the other day. Yeah, I feel sad about that, that I started to feel again a lot of positive things. But then when these kind of stuff happens, the rest of the things, the rest of the positive things disappears, no?” The world No 5 also admitted he would be travelling to the French Open with his doctor. He arrived in Paris on Wednesday and immediately had a hit on Court Philippe-Chatrier with Stefanos Tsitsipas and compatriot Jaume Munar, with some reporting that Nadal already looked better than he did in his loss to Shapovalov just six days earlier. 