SEAL Team is the Paramount+ military drama which follows the personal and professional lives of an elite unit of Navy SEALs. The series stars actor David Boreanaz as Jason Hayes who also acts as one of the show's executive producers. SEAL Team hasn't been airing since January of this year, so fans are starting to wonder if it will be making a comeback. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from SEAL Team. SEAL Team season five concluded on Sunday, January 23, on Paramount+ after making the switch from CBS to the streaming service at the end of last year. Following episode five, fans needed to subscribe to Paramount+ if they wanted to carry on watching the drama every Sunday. After 14 episodes, season five came to an end leaving its subscribers wanting more. Some believed that the change in channels was a sign that it could be the beginning of the end for the show. READ MORE: Carol Kirkwood confirms engagement live on BBC Breakfast Thankfully, there won't be a need to question SEAL Team's future just yet. Paramount+ renewed the show for a sixth season at the end of February 2022. A start date hasn't been announced so it isn't clear exactly when SEAL Team will be returning. However, given the majority of the previous series have begun sometime in October, this well could be the case once again.  President of Paramount Plus Original Scripted Series Nicole Clemens said: “We are very excited to welcome SEAL Team back for another season on Paramount+. “The show’s loyal fanbase followed the series to its new exclusive home, and it has proven to be a high-performing title for the service, consistently in the top 10 most-watched original series. "We can’t wait for the fans to see what our brilliant creative team has in store for Team Bravo next season!” The last time the show was airing, the lives of the unit were in danger. DON'T MISS...Ozark season 4 theory: Jonah actually shot Wendy as fans spot key clue [THEORY]SEAL Team’s David Boreanaz sends support as co-star lands role [CAST]SEAL Team season 6: David Boreanaz delivers huge production update [UPDATE] Fans were left with a major cliffhanger in the epic season five finale of SEAL Team. The team was ambushed during a mission to Mali which ended with Clay Spenser (played by Max Thieriot) and Jason (David Boreanaz) left injured. Viewers didn't find out if the pair had survived before the episode came to an end. So, could the men have survived the brutal attack or will it be time to say goodbye to Clay and Jason for good?  SEAL Team wasn't the only show to be moved from CBS to Paramount+ either, the supernatural drama Evil also made the big move to the streamer for its second season. Evil has already been granted another series so will be shown on the streaming service for its third outing. SEAL Team is available to watch on Paramount+. 