Many gardeners will have woefully small gardens which can end up being neglected or used as a dumping ground. It can be hard to find inspiration for such spaces, especially when makeovers can easily be expensive. All is not lost, though - there are ways to optimise your garden for what you need, even if it feels impossibly small and you’re on a budget. Tom Church, co-Founder of money-saving community LatestDeals.co.uk said: “I used to have such a small garden it felt more like a shoe cupboard than an outdoor space! “The good news is that I came up with some great ways to optimise the area with the help of friends and family. Plus, they don’t have to break the bank. “Here are some of the best bargain-friendly tricks I picked up along the way.” Gardeners may have dreams of growing vegetables at home instead of buying them each week from the supermarket, but never tried it out due to a conviction that their garden is too small to make it happen. However, one Latest Deals member has proven that “it’s possible to grow vegetables in a garden of any size - and you can get started for just five pence”. READ MORE: How to get rid of slugs in gardens - ‘inexpensive’ and easy’ Gardener Kat Phoenix said: “Every three months or so, I get reduced potatoes, usually for 5p a pack. “I put them in the back of the cupboard for a few weeks until they sprout and then plant them. “We are on a limited income, so we have planted our produce in containers used from other food, such as mushroom, peach and grape containers. “The tips of leeks, spring onions, carrots and parsnips can be placed in soil of varying depths and go on to grow new produce. “Spring onions are particularly useful as they can be placed on the windowsill in just a small amount of water.” DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to keep bath towels soft - ‘cheap and amazing’ way [COMMENT]Interior: ‘Biggest’ kitchen trends to avoid - ‘overdone and dated' [TIPS]Cleaning: ‘Most effective’ way to clean washing machine drawers [EXPERT] If gardeners don’t have enough room for a permanent raised bed for their flowers or plants - or they rent their property and don’t want the hassle of digging up their work when they move - they can go for a portable solution on wheels. Tom alternatively suggested that gardeners could make a simple raised bed by purchasing wheels, then adding a container of your choice. He said: “You may have an old plastic tub that could be decorated before adding wheels on the bottom, or an old bird bath could easily be repurposed and made mobile. “You could even get creative and use old wood you may have lying around to build a raised bed. “Even if you buy your own cheap garden planter and add the wheels yourself, you’re saving plenty compared with purchasing a ready-made version - and saving space in your small garden. In small gardens, it will be more important than usual to manage plants, flowers and crops which are considered invasive or nuisances. For example, mint is notorious for taking over a garden unless it’s been carefully potted. Similar potential problem plants include blackberries, raspberries, Japanese anemones, soapwort, passion flowers, Russian vine, cherry laurel and poplars. Tom said: “Issues you may have include planting trees which shoot all over the garden and even next door, shrubs which take over your nearly planted border and unexpected seedlings emerging in unwelcome places. “Fortunately, bargain retailers such as B&M and Wilko offer plant pots for as little as a fiver, so you can keep these pesky plants contained in no time at all.” Those low on space in their garden, may want to stop thinking about the floor space and look at your walls instead. Tom suggested: “If you’ve got a strong fence or wall available, optimise this area by affixing a trellis or shelving unit. “It’s an easy option to reduce clutter and display additional plants, as you can weave in scented climbers such as honeysuckle, sweet peas or jasmine. “If you want to create a slim storage unit to go on your fence or wall, consider buying used wooden pallets or getting them for free on Facebook Marketplace, then getting creative at home. “Alternatively, you could combine a raised planter with wheels and a trellis, but avoid buying ready-made options if you’re on a budget as these will easily cost £60 or more.”