As the Labour leader appeared on Good Morning Britain, Susanna Reid and Richard Madeley questioned Keir Starmer over the party's response over the major issues during the last day of campaigning for local elections. As he discussed his anti-fraud plan on the ITV show, Reid labelled his response an "easy answer" as she picked apart his plan. Discussing the National Insurance rise, Starmer stated: "The thing that makes me pretty angry is during the pandemic, the fraud and the contracts that didn't deliver amounted to an £11.8 billion loss." "Yes, I know," Reid replied. "And that's dreadful, but your point is you would reverse National Insurance rise and you would go after fraud?" "I'm trying to go after fraud and for the life of me I don't understand why the government won't go hard on this fraud," Starmer remarked. "They said they'll go after it," Reid pointed out as Starmer argued: "No they haven't, this is the point." He continued: "When you're asking people and people are really desperate about their bills, you know. READ MORE: Outlander theory: Jamie Fraser ghost explained in fortune teller clue "And they're now getting less money in, we're asking a huge amount, and at the same time, they're asking, 'Why aren't you going after the fraudsters?'" "That's an easy answer," Reid responded. "Can we just establish, if you got into government in a general election, you would say to people, 'Right, we're going to cut that National Insurance rise, we're going to sacrifice that £12 billion. "We're going to put the time and energy and money into pursuing the fraudsters from a few years ago in order to fill that hole. "'And in the meantime, unfortunately, that money's not going to go int to the NHS and social care.'" She went on to say the plans were not "sustainable". Madeley then went on to question Starmer about an alleged "pact" with the Lib Dems. "This electoral pact is widely suspected and reported, you've had a letter, haven't you? "From Oliver Dowden, the co-chairman of the Conservative Party, accusing you of this pact. "He says in this letter, 'I note that in the south-west, you are standing candidates in 61 seats compared with 97 percent in 2018' and it suggests that the Lib Dems are returning the favour in northern England. DON'T MISS... Susanna Reid blasts Boris Johnson's 'lack of human response' [VIDEO]Carol McGiffin addresses Loose Women feud 'Pressure to deny a rift' [LATEST]Strictly's Giovanni Pernice pays tribute to Anton Du Beke [INTERVIEW] "You look at the figures, they do seem to speak for themselves, and that story that they're telling is this - you've done a deal with the Liberals. "You basically said, 'Well, you're more likely to do well in this tomorrow we'll back off and vice-versa' and the figures seem to underline that." Addressing the claims, Madeley asked directly: "You have done a pact with them, haven't you?" "No we haven't," argued Starmer. "And we are actually standing more candidates in this election than any other party." He continued: "And more than we've stood for many years." "But you're not fighting hard for seats where the Lib Dems are expected to do well, are you? You've backed off," Madeley continued. "We haven't got a pact with the Lib Dems," repeated Starmer. "I'm afraid I don't take what Oliver Dowden says very seriously these days, but the fact that a few days before the local elections, the only thing he wants to talk about is a Lib Dem-Labour pact rather than the cost of living tells you everything about a government that's absolutely out of ideas and out of touch." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.