There have been various different rare coins in circulation in Britain over the years, celebrating different timely events. Experts have informed Britons of one of the most recent rare coins, which some people are selling for more than double its worth online. Britons could be in possession of a rare 50p coin without them realising. With an estimated 210,000 in circulation, the coin is from the Kew Garden release. It was released in 2009 to mark 250 years since Kew Garsen opened in 1759. Around 210,000 were made at the time, according to the Royal Mint. READ MORE: What happened to 'just Harry'!? Royal fans left fuming at Meghan's introduction Kew Gardens is a wild botanic garden with 500 acres of woodland and the world’s largest seed conservation project. One of London’s top attractions, it is in the southwest of the capital in the Borough of Richmond. The 50p coin features the famous Chinese Pagoda at Kew’s royal botanic garden, as well as the face of the Queen. The image of the Chinese temple makes the coin unique to any other made in Britain. DON'T MISS: Prince Harry states America is home 'for the time being' [INSIGHT] 'It rankles people!' Kate Garraway says Brits annoyed Sussexes travel [TV] Meghan speech shows 'astonishing differences' with Prince Harry [EXPERT] Because of its rarity, the coin’s worth could be a lot more than its original value of 50p. Last Tuesday, April 26, one lucky seller sold the coin on eBay and received a whopping £150 for it. It attracted a number of bidders, with nine offers placed. The eventual sale price increased considerably from the initial price of 99p. But this isn’t the first time the coin has been sold for a large sum of money. Change checking website Coin Hunter puts the average price range for it being sold between £150.89 and £161.50. However, there have been examples of it selling for as much as £200 in the past. There are two versions of the Kew Gardens coin – the one that was released first in 2009, and the one from a second batch released in 2019. The 2019 version was released to celebrate 50 years on the 50p, but this doesn’t sell for as much as the older version. However, even the newer ones can sell for up to £80 on eBay. Therefore, the first thing Britons should do if they find the rare 50p in their possession is check the date on it. Either way, they could be in with a chance of getting their hands on some easy cash.