Tomato growing season is upon us, with many plants producing bright, ripe fruits between July and September. However, making sure you care for your tomato plant correctly is the key to a bountiful yield come mid-summer. This includes ensuring you are watering your plants regularly. But when exactly should you water your tomato plants? According to experts, the time of day you choose to water your tomatoes could be hugely beneficial to their overall health. Gardening experts from SF Gate say this should "ideally" be done "in the early morning". READ MORE: When to plant bulbs: Simple test to check if your bulbs will flower Doing so gives your plants plenty of time to dry out. Experts from Swan House said: "This will allow any moisture that makes its way to the leaves an opportunity to dry before the heat of the day, and that can help to prevent diseases and burning of the plants." Furthermore, watering in the morning sets up a regular routine which will be easier to maintain. Swan Hose goes on to warn gardeners to "avoid watering in the evening at all costs." DON'T MISSAlan Titchmarsh on what to do with ‘tatty’ daffodils after flowering [COMMENT]When to deadhead and cut back tulips: Wait for clue from the leaves [INSIGHT]Do marigolds deter garden pests? 4 benefits of planting marigolds [REVEALED] The experts explain: "Once the temperatures drop and the water becomes cold, your plants will be exposed to health risks." Gardeners should also make sure they are administering the water in a way that it can be "efficiently used" by the plants. Leaving your tomatoes to stand in too much water can create a host of problems for the roots. Overwatered plants may develop wilted or yellowed stems and leaves, or the leaves might develop bumps and blisters or fall off entirely. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Swan Hose added: "The manner in which you water tomato plants is also very important. "You should always water the stem of the plant instead of the leaves and flowers. "Water on leaves is a recipe for disaster." In general, tomatoes need approximately one inch of water per week to allow for even, steady growth. However, if you are expecting a period of high temperatures, this amount can be increased to around three inches.