Lewis Hamilton has finally shown some positivity after a weekend where Mercedes did at least display signs of improved pace at the Miami Grand Prix. The seven-time world champion could only manage a sixth placed finish, one place behind teammate George Russell, although his displays in practice and qualifying were a marked improvement of the struggles he faced at the Emilia Romagna GP. Indeed, Hamilton has cut a downbeat figure so far in 2022, with the Silver Arrows way off the pace set by Ferrari and Red Bull. That notion was compounded in Imola when the British driver was lapped by last season's title rival Max Verstappen. The 37-year-old has already written off his chances of challenging for the title this year, and has received an apology from team boss Toto Wolff for his "undriveable car." A modest total of 36 points from five races so far, leaving him sixth in the standings, suggests neither are bluffing either. Regardless, the F1 icon cut a relaxed figure in America. In the build-up to the race, he appeared on the ABC News show, and also spent time on the golf course in a charity event with NFL legend Tom Brady. JUST IN: Martin Brundle's most iconic grid walks and blunders after Miami GP horror show And reviewing how his time in America went, on Monday night Hamilton reached out to his 28 million Instagram followers with an upbeat message: "Reflecting on Miami. We picked up some good points for the team, and again what an amazing drive from George Russell. Overall it's a good sign that we're moving in the right direction." And furthermore, he defiantly claimed on his story that the team's form would soon improve: "We still have some snags to sort out, but I'm confident the team will pull through. They always do." DON'T MISS:Lewis Hamilton called 'bitter' by ex-world champion with Brit 'trying not to drown'Charles Leclerc details why he likes Ferrari being 'hunted' by Max Verstappen and Red BullRed Bull chief Christian Horner 'grateful' to Ferrari after Max Verstappen's Miami GP win As well as Brady, he was also pictured on race day hanging out with the likes of David Beckham and Michael Jordan, and thanked those who had backed the team. "Thank you to everyone [who] showed support over the weekend," he wrote. "To the people who came to the track and the people who watched from home."