DI Ray will premiere on ITV this evening and the thought-provoking series is written and produced by Line of Duty stars Maya Sondhi and Jed Mercurio. The TV series is set in Birmingham and it follows DI Rachita Ray (played by Parminder Nagra) on a homicide investigation. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about how many episodes are in the crime drama. Rachita Ray has been waiting a long time for her promotion and at first, she is delighted to join the homicide team. However, on her first day, she is assigned to a ‘Culturally Specific Homicide’ and she thinks she has been selected for her ethnicity rather than her skill. Not wanting to shy away from the case, she remains determined to track down the killer. Her "personal identity crisis" is addressed across the series, which will air across consecutive days this week. READ MORE: BBC Breakfast blasted over ‘poor’ Sturgeon interview The series is made up of four episodes which will air each night this week, with the final episode being released at 9pm on May 5. In the premiere episode, DI Ray realises she is a token hire and there is more to her homicide case than she initially thought. By the second outing, Rachita and the team race to track down Anjuli Kapoor (Lucky Sanghera). Along the way, they make a number of grim discoveries. In the third episode, the body count is growing as Rachita and the team uncover more evidence pointing to highly dangerous organised criminals. In the high-octane finale, Rachita makes a shocking discovery which has a huge impact on both her investigation and her personal life. Actress Nagra said she was nervous to work with Jed Mercurio at first, but said it was "a real collaboration". She added: "It was really about making all of the scenes work, and if there was a question then we would work out how to fix it together. "Jed has so much experience in making thrillers and creating suspenseful moments, and we were working with Madonna Baptiste from Black Mirror, so it was a thrill seeing her, and working on the nuts and bolts of the scenes. DON'T MISS... Countryfile viewers slam Adam Henson over horrifying lamb segment [DISCUSSION] DI Ray episode 1 cast: Who is in the cast? [EXPLAINER] DI Ray review: New police drama needs more tension [INSIGHT] "It’s a good day at work when you’re all singing from the same hymn sheet." DI Ray is forced to confront a lifelong personal conflict between her British identity and her South Asian heritage. Writer Sondhi opened up about how the series addresses ‘everyday racism’. She said: "I wanted to include those micro-aggressions. "One of my inspirations is Issa Rae's show Insecure, which deals with race in such a subtle way, and it's about the things that we all experience every day." Fans have already taken to social media to share their thoughts on the highly-anticipated series. Angela b saying: "Looking forward to watching #DIRAY tonight... from the team behind #LineofDuty. "You can never have enough crime programmes on the telly...I'm always looking out for a fresh take on detective dramas!" Toni McDonald added: "Looking forward to trying to spot people/places I may know in #DIRay later #Birmingham." The series has been described as "gripping" and fans are expected to be left on the edge of their seats.  DI Ray airs on ITV at 9pm.