Sidney Raz from Los Angeles is the man behind his incredibly successful TikTok platform, where he shares random things he didn’t know about – or didn’t know how to do – before he was in his thirties. The now 33-year-old, who keeps learning new things every day, has racked over three million followers on TikTok, with some of his videos having reached millions of views. Sidney began sharing his videos before he turned 30. Now 33, the influencer still has a thirst for knowledge, and so he has continued to share the new pieces of information or know-hows he learns every day. Express.co.uk looked at the social media star’s best and most recent videos, which make for excellent life hacks. In one video, posted last month, Sidney realised that “sun visors in cars extend”. The influencer sat in his car and pulled the sun visor down before moving it to the side and then extending it so it reached across most of his car’s side window. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Jacob Hay involved in Underworld takeover The video was viewed more than 13 million times and was inundated with thousands of comments. Like Sidney, some commenters didn’t know about this car hack either. Maria Skinner wrote: “I just ran out to my car. He’s correct.” User gavrieseymour said: “This man has the answers to life.” DON'T MISS:‘Nifty tricks’ to keep ants out of your home - including 29p deterrent [EXPLAINER]How to get rid of garden weeds with ‘zero cost’ involved [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ 50p hack to remove yellow pillow stains [INSIGHT] User Boo commented: “Well I never!!! I’m 54 and I had no idea.” User calicreates114 added: “This is why I follow you.” In another video, which reached more than a million views, Sidney revealed he didn’t know “you can open a can with a spoon”. To demonstrate this life hack, Sydney took a stainless-steel spoon and placed it underneath the ring of a can, before pulling it towards him. When the can was half open, Sidney used the opposite end of the spoon to put it through the ring’s hole, before pulling towards him again and opening the can all the way. Another video revealed another life hack – how to open tiny sugar packets to pour into your brew. This video racked up more than two million views. In it, Sidney said he had just learned “how you’re actually supposed to open sugar packets”. Sidney, like many people, had been struggling to open sugar packets from the top, when, in fact, you should “tear it from the middle”. The influencer did this and the sugar poured into his mug with ease. Commenting on the video, user7512879124509 said: “OMG…now I can’t wait to have another cup of coffee only to try opening the sugar packet like this way.” Wojtek Voytecki added: “There’s even more to that…don’t separate the two halves completely. More convenient to dispose.” Claire Aldridge said: “Omg I found this out a week ago and I’m 43.”