Mel B recently dedicated her honour to "all of the other women" who face domestic violence as the singer collected an MBE from the Duke of Cambridge on May 4. The former Spice Girl has since opened up about her candid chat with Prince William but added there were things said she will "never tell anybody". Mel has become a prominent domestic violence campaigner and received the award for her continued work with abuse charities. The singer was previously married to Stephen Belafonte but filed for divorce in 2017 after seven years of marriage. Mel has previously claimed she was in an "abusive relationship" - allegations her ex-husband has vehemently denied and stated he was never abusive towards her. The singer, best known as Scary Spice, spoke candidly with Piers Morgan on his TalkTV show Uncensored yesterday. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty's heartbreak as BBC's Deborah James 'time has come' The 46-year-old pop star was honoured during an investiture ceremony at Buckingham Palace on Wednesday for services to charitable causes and vulnerable women. Real name Melanie Brown, Mel B first rose to prominence as Scary Spice in the Spice Girls and became a patron of the charity Women's Aid in 2018 after leaving what she described as an abusive relationship. She addressed the moment she received an MBE from Prince William to Piers. Mel explained: "It was really nice to see William again. I'm all grown up and I'm getting my MBE. He literally had such a long conversation with me.  "I actually got a bit embarrassed because the whole protocol is you wait for William to talk to you before you speak and then he ends the conversation. "But this conversation was going on and on and on. "I was looking behind me and there were so many people waiting to get their MBE too." Piers quizzed: "What was he saying to you? Do you still eat peanut butter sandwiches?" DON'T MISS... Bill Turnbull reacts to Deborah James' fight amid his cancer battle[LATEST]Jeff Bezos' girlfriend Lauren Sanchez unveils ageless looks[PICTURES]Bake Off's Laura Adlington flashes builders 'butt naked'[INSTAGRAM] The former Spice Girl chuckled: "No. Half of the conversation I'll never tell anybody because that's between me and him. "But he was really taken aback by how I'm a Spice Girl but I'm getting the MBE for raising awareness for domestic violence. Women that are in vulnerable situations." She went on: "He was just asking me about my book. He asked me how long I was in an abusive relationship. He really went quite deep. "Then he said to me, 'who are you here with?' Obviously, my mum is white with blond hair. "I said to him, 'I'm with my mum. She's over there.'" Mel, who is of mixed heritage, added: "And he was like, 'Oh, hello.' And my mum went bright red. The conversation still carried on. He was so sweet, polite and respectful." The singer claimed she was the first person to end the conversation after admittedly being in "shock" by how engaged Prince William was with her personal plight. The ceremony was the first major investiture at the Queen’s London residence since the start of the pandemic more than two years ago. Last year Mel launched a campaign in her home city of Leeds to raise awareness of domestic violence. Piers Morgan's Uncensored airs tonight on TalkTV at 8pm.