George Russell has started the new F1 season in better form than his high-profile Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton has. And now Red Bull superstar Max Verstappen has given his view on the situation at the Silver Arrows. Hamilton has suffered a miserable start to the season and could only muster a 10th-place finish in Saudi Arabia and a 13th-place finish in Imola. And he’s fallen to seventh in the Drivers’ Championship standings. Russell, meanwhile, is yet to finish outside the top five in any of this season’s races and currently occupies fourth place in the overall standings. And in Imola last time out, the former Williams driver produced a much better performance than Hamilton as he ended the race nine places ahead of the veteran. Russell is certainly getting the better of his team-mate at the moment. And Verstappen has had his say. “George probably had a good start [in Imola] and a good clean first lap - and that helps,” the Dutchman said. “But I’d say [Hamilton’s] car had quite a bit more pace than the midfield traffic. READ MORE: Miami GP track fears raised which could Lewis Hamilton and Verstappen   “But yeah, it was hard to pass. I mean also when there was only one dry line and when you don't have, let's say, a top speed advantage anymore. It makes it a lot harder to judge how far Lewis was off George. But clearly the whole weekend George was doing really well.” F1 teams redesigned their cars during the off-season in the wake of a whole host of regulation changes. But Mercedes have failed to design a car which can compete for honours, with the team experiencing habitual porpoising issues. Hamilton appears to have gone from title challenger to an also-ran overnight. And Verstappen thinks Russell is dealing with the new car better than the seven-time champion. “Now he’s [Hamilton] in a car which is not so great.” Verstappen added. “Having said that, of course, George does finish fourth in that car. So it is not all horrific right?” DON'T MISS Charles Leclerc tipped to beat Max Verstappen in Miami if Ferrari give clear message Fernando Alonso to replace Sebastian Vettel rumours spreading after Miami GP no-show Miami GP's glitzy celeb guest list includes LeBron James, Michael Jordan and Tom Brady    Verstappen has suffered his own problems in Red Bull’s new car this season and failed to finish the Bahrain Grand Prix due to power issues, before retiring from the Australian Grand Prix when a fuel issue caused a fire in his car. But he produced a mesmerising display in Imola as he qualified on pole, won the Sprint event, claimed race victory and recorded the fastest lap. And the 24-year-old will be hoping to topple Drivers’ Championship leader Charles Leclerc in the coming weeks after cutting the Monegasque’s lead to 27 points. 