Danny Murphy has identified two midfield options that Liverpool could sign this summer as he cast doubt over Thiago’s fitness. Declan Rice and Kalvin Phillips were the pair picked out by the former Reds star as he claimed that they need reinforcements in the middle of the pitch. Speaking to talkSPORT, Murphy said: “My thing is looking at the midfield area, in defence they are fine you have got lots of cover, they have got cover at full-back and they have got cover at centre-back. “In the midfield you don’t know if Milner is going to stay or call it a day or go have a last year somewhere else, Ox [Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain] will probably go, doesn’t play enough games, I am not sure Keita is the answer. “So that midfield three of Thiago, Fabinho and Henderson is phenomenal, but Thiago does struggle with injuries and you can’t expect Jordan to keep playing 45 to 50 games, he is in his thirties now. “I would be going all-out for Rice or Phillips. English, hungry, someone you know is going to be around a long time, gets it, he can come in and hit the ground running. That is where I would be looking.” Despite Murphy’s claims, Rice and Phillips have predominantly been linked with moves to the two Manchester clubs and Chelsea this summer. Manchester United will be looking for a midfielder as Nemanja Matic is set to leave the club and Paul Pogba is also likely to depart Old Trafford for the second time as a free transfer. Phillips does reportedly favour a move to Manchester City over their rivals, though, as Pep Guardiola has eyed up the Leeds United midfielder as a possible replacement for Fernandinho, who has confirmed that he is leaving the Etihad this summer. Phillips would have been expected to leave Elland Road this summer if Leeds did get relegated, but their survival on the final day will put them in a much stronger position to negotiate this summer. Rice has turned down several new contracts at West Ham, and former Hammers striker Bobby Zamora has revealed what it would take for Rice’s team-mate Jarrod Bowen to turn down a move to Liverpool this summer. Bowen, who was recently called up to the England squad for the first time, has been linked with Liverpool as the Reds could lose influential winger Sadio Mane to Bayern Munich. The Senegalese international has reportedly indicated that he wants to leave Anfield and does only have one year left on his contract, but despite a possible exit for Mane, Murphy believes it is the midfield where Liverpool have to strengthen this summer.