Mr Scobie's op-ed entitled "The Queen deserves better for her Jubilee than obsessing over family drama" was published online on Tuesday. It comes ahead of the Monarch's Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June during which working members of the Royal Family are expected to join the Queen and younger royals on a balcony at Buckingham Palace for Trooping the Colour. While absent for Trooping the Colour, non-working Royal Family members such as Harry, Meghan, and Prince Andrew, will be invited to events including a service of thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral. In the article, Mr Scobie describes the decision about who or who will not appear on the balcony as "fuss", adding that the news to only invite working royals should not have come as a surprise to some. He pointed to Prince Charles's decision to limit family members appearing on the balcony at the end of the Queen's Diamond Jubilee celebrations in 2012. Mr Scobie added that the Platinum Jubilee balcony arrangements solve "the dilemma" of keeping Prince Andrew at bay.  He wrote: "[S]ources say Prince Andrew was eager to stand by his mother during such a poignant and sympathetic scene. "Instead, the appropriate image being presented on June 2 is a line-up of part-time and full-time working family members who are all responsible for continuing the Queen’s legacy beyond her reign. Makes sense to me." He went on to suggest that the omission of Harry and Meghan from the balcony line-up has been presented as a snub to the Sussexes, adding that stories about the couple being "dramatically cut... would have probably felt believable" to tabloid readers. Mr Scobie, citing an unnamed source, explained that the Duke of Sussex had said previously that he and his wife wanted to be part of Jubilee events, but were less keen on appearing on the balcony.   READ MORE ABOUT HARRY AND MEGHAN RECEDING FROM THE SPOTLIGHT He goes on to suggest that the four day Jubilee celebrations might be one of the last opportunities to see the Queen in public. The Duke and Duchess's biographer ends the piece by observing: "Members of the royal family are certainly no strangers to drama created by themselves. "But, right now, the biggest threat to the jubilee isn’t coming from within the Windsors or House Montecito, it’s the sections of media hellbent on joyriding the focus towards soap opera-style drama and embellished tales. "Whether you are a royalist or not, Her Majesty deserves better than this."  DON'T MISS: Tesco customers 'are asking staff to stop scanning their food' [REVEALED] Putin’s fury as Russia does NOT have weapons that can wipe out UK [REPORT] Harry and Meghan 'not handed $100m' for Netflix deal [LATEST] The piece came two days before Daily Express royal correspondent Richard Palmer said the Sussexes could still appear on the balcony of Buckingham Palace. Mr Palmer said a hint from a royal aide last week suggested a second balcony moment featuring Harry and Meghan could take place after the Platinum Jubilee Pageant.  Meanwhile, further details of the celebrations have been released with the Queen's famous Diamond Diadem and jewels set to go on show at royal residences. Set with 1,333 brilliant-cut diamonds, the priceless crown was made for George IV's coronation in 1821. It has been worn numerous times by the Monarch during her historic reign and is probably the most well recognised of all her pieces of jewellery. The Queen usually wears the diadem for her journey to and from the State Opening of Parliament.  It will be on view with other historic jewellery in the State Rooms of Buckingham Palace during the Royal Collection's summer opening from July 22 to October 2 as part of an exhibition exploring the Queen's accession. In 1952, just days after she acceded to the throne, the Queen wore the diadem for official portraits by Dorothy Wilding. These formed the basis for the monarch's image on millions of postage stamps from 1953 to 1971. A selection of 24 of Wilding's historic photographs from the sessions will also be on display. 