Residents of Linton-on-Ouse are frustrated about having been kept in the dark about the Home Secretary’s plans, according to reports. The small village is understood to be home to just around 700 registered voters. This means if plans go ahead to home 1,500 asylum seekers at the former RAF airbase located there, villagers would be outnumbered two to one. Criticism comes as a reminder that while some asylum seekers are being sent to Rwanda for processing, others will continue to undergo the process in the UK. Local Linda Scarbro, 68, insisted this was “the wrong plan in the wrong place”. She was particularly critical of the fact she claimed there had been “no consolation” about the plans, which she felt had “come as a bolt from the blue”. The retired librarian told MailOnline: “The first I knew about it was when it was announced on the local radio. The parish council knew nothing about it, nor did the District Council. “The key people from the village arranged a public meeting. Only a few people from the Home Office came and they declined to attend the second meeting." Linda added it was the “uncertainty” about which she was most concerned. The Home Office insisted the housing facility was suitable and would help “end our reliance” on expensive hotels. READ MORE: Britons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ It added that consultations were, in fact, underway with “local stakeholders”. A spokesperson told MailOnline: “The asylum reception centre at Linton-on-Ouse, North Yorkshire, will help end our reliance on expensive hotels which are costing the taxpayer £4.7million a day. “We are consulting with local stakeholders about the use of the site. “The New Plan for Immigration will fix this broken asylum system, allowing us to support those in genuine need while preventing abuse of the system and deterring illegal entry to the UK.” DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] Another resident, Kathryn Dryden, 60, told the paper she believed the plan to be “unlawful”. She said: “It is lack of consultation. It is the process of what the Home Office are trying to do which we consider at unlawful at this point.” The 10-year-long local was also doubtful only 1,500 asylum seekers would end up using the site. She said: “The figure of 1,500 is just a base line. It will increase. “The Government is dumping them in a small rural village where they will outnumber us two to one if not more. “We are not against supporting asylum seekers. It is the numbers, and how it is been dealt to us as a done deal. None of us knew anything about it until it was announced on the TV.”