A Cancer Moon transit tends to invite greater sensitivity, and the feeling of belonging and safety is what motivates us during these periods. The Moon is ruled by Cancer, which answers for the more homely vibes you might be feeling but expect a higher chance of suppressed emotions rising to the surface. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for May 5. During a Cancer Moon, astrology advises you to welcome more emotionally open and honest conversations, as hiding away from these thoughts and feelings tends to be more counterproductive. Invite those deep meaningful and heart to heart conversations, as more often than not do these events help move you forward, instead of grounding you in the same place. Astrology TV said: “It’s important to remember that although Cancer is an emotional water sign, it’s also a cardinal sign, designed to initiate action. “One of the most positive uses of the Cancer Moon transit is when we can take our strong emotions and channel them into positive change.”  READ MORE: Bad energy at home: How to cleanse your home of bad vibes  The key to managing a Cancer Moon transit is to put your emotions to work, instead of being overwhelmed by them. Astrology TV continued: “The Cancer Moon is a nurturing Moon and it encourages kindness and empathy to all people and creatures.” During this Moon transit, it’s a good time to extend sympathy and care to those who are more vulnerable. As the sensitive Cancer Moon squares Venus, the desire to feel grounded and secure will prevail and you might feel slightly less adventurous.  However, when the Sun aligns with Uranus in Taurus at 8.22am BST, prepare for change, disruptions, interruptions, new directions, and more freedom of movement. Cafe Astrology said: “Our egos awaken, and we seek new ways to express ourselves. There can be sudden changes in store." You might feel a strong urge to break free from routine and do something totally different. And flexibility and open-mindedness often bring exciting opportunities and experiences, so make sure to harness this energy this morning. The day will advance more smoothly, especially when Mars and Venus head towards a harmonious sextile. You might feel yourself communicating with slightly more warmth and understanding.  DON'T MISS: What is Feng Shui and how does it work? Expert tips revealed [EXPLAINED]What are the symptoms of a vitamin B12 deficiency? Full list [ANALYSIS]Interior: Avoid adding a shoe rack to your bedroom - ‘negative energy’ [INSIGHT]    Cafe Astrology said: “We more readily compromise, negotiate, please, and clarify things. “We tend to verbalise or analyse our feelings and relationships with this influence.” This is due to Mars’ current transit in Pisces, and Venus’ current transit in Aries.  Pisces energy tends to be less confrontational and more selfless and variable, whereas Aries projects more spontaneous, bold energy. Aries address matters head-on, and although words can sometimes sting, it’s very rarely meant to be petty or spiteful but more to be direct and assertive. This energy is perfect to help you attain things you want, so use it to your advantage. 