Andy Murray's former coach Jamie Delgado has been dropped by new charge Denis Shapovalov after just half a year together. The news comes after the ATP world No 16 caused controversy when he told the Italian Open crowd to "shut the f*** up" in a heated three-set victory over Lorenzo Sonego on Monday. Shapovalov had struck up a partnership with Delgado following the Brit's split with Murray over the off-season, after five years together. Delgado had not joined the Canadian for the European clay swing and was set to re-unite with the world No 16 at Wimbledon late next month but was surprised to receive a call from Shapovalov over the weekend, ending their partnership. Marcus Buckland announced the news on Amazon Prime Video on Tuesday, saying: "One other bit of news that broke earlier today, and Denis Shapovalov is actually in action at the moment against Nikoloz Basilashvili, and he won the first set there. But you [Tim Henman] spoke to Jamie Delgao last night, who’s been coaching Denis Shapovalov since the start of the year, and certainly to Jamie’s surprise at the weekend he received a call to say that his services were no longer required." The news comes one day after Shapovalov caused controversy with an outburst in his opening-round match in Rome, as he told the crowd to "shut the f*** up" during an argument with chair umpire Richard Haigh over a ball mark on the clay and a code violation he received for crossing the net to point out the mark. JUST IN: Raducanu retires in Rome as back injury continues to plague Brit  Tim Henman explained that the news had come as a surprise to Delgado, who believed their partnership had been successful so far. "Yeah the job security or lack of job security as a tennis coach on the tour is pretty evident there. From Jamie’s point of view it felt like the relationship was working well and Shapovalov had had some good results but that’s where the player is in charge and Denis obviously felt that he wanted to go in a different direction and Jamie is the one who suffers the consequences of that," the former British No 1 said. Delgado has been at home in London while Shapovalov has been competing in Madrid and Rome. Murray's fomer coach underwent laser eye surgery on Monday during the Canadian's three-set victory over Sonego. Shapovalov had faced Delgado's former charge in Madrid last week in what was his second match against the former world No 1, and Murray got his first win over the 23-year-old 6-1 3-6 6-2. DON'T MISSEmma Raducanu retirement sparks concern for Bianca AndreescuNovak Djokovic's seven-word message on camera after Italian Open winDjokovic gets revenge at Italian Open as he aims to keep No 1 ranking   **We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures, and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: /sport Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion, and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow us on Twitter @DExpress_Sport - the official Daily Express & Express.co.uk Twitter account - providing real news in real-time. We're also on Facebook @DailyExpressSport - offering your must-see news, features, videos, and pictures throughout the day to like, comment, and share from the Daily Express, Sunday Express, and Express.co.uk.**