Amir Khan has announced his retirement from boxing at the age of 35 following his sixth-round defeat to Kell Brook in Manchester back in February. The former unified super-lightweight world champion believes the time is now right to walk away from the sport, to which he has given so much.  "It’s time to hang up my gloves," Khan said on Twitter. "I feel blessed to have had such an amazing career that has spanned over 27 years. "I want to say a heartfelt thanks and to the incredible teams I have worked with and to my family, friends and fans for the love and support they have shown me." Khan, who has already cemented his legacy as a British boxing legend, had been taking his time to weigh up his options after taking some heavy punishment against Brook. Despite possessing a rematch clause, Khan has been under no pressure to jump into a second fight with his long-term rival given the one-sided nature to Special K's victory.  Brook confirmed his retirement from boxing last week as Khan now follows his dance partner into the sunset. What he leaves behind is an abundance of special nights including stunning victories over Marco Antonio Barrera, Marcos Maidana and Zab Judah, who he beat to unify the super-lightweight division in 2011. Khan finished up with a record of 34-6 following defeats to Breidis Prescott, Lamont Peterson, Danny Garcia, Canelo Alvarez, Terence Crawford and of course, Brook. 'King' was never one to shirk a challenge, even right up until his last dance inside the ropes. He dared to be great by moving up two divisions to take on Canelo in 2016 and was knocked out in devastating fashion. Yet Khan regrouped for his comeback nearly two years later when he successfully stopped Phil Lo Greco inside a single round in Liverpool in early 2018. Khan would also make the last of 11 trips Stateside to take on pound-for-pound great Crawford in 2019, despite being considered a heavy underdog. It was another valiant effort from the unified champion, who will always be held in high regard for conquering the United States as a British fighter. Born in Bolton, Khan began to box at a competitive level from the age of 11 before going on to win gold at the European Student Championships. He would later win silver for Great Britain at the 2004 Olympic Games after losing to Cuban Mario Kindelan in the final. Khan debuted in the professional ranks in 2005 beating David Bailey on his first outing live on ITV. The skilful prospect - who wowed fans with his sublime hand speed - would go on to win 18 consecutive fights before eventually being knocked out by Prescott in 2008.