Ukraine's 45th Artillery Brigade launched a devastating barrage of artillery strikes on Russian positions in southeast Ukraine this week. The brutal ambush was captured on film, as the massive strikes took Russian positions in Huliaipole, Zaporizhzhia Oblast. This comes as fighting in the east of the country intensifies with Russia pouring forces into taking the Donbas region. A drone video of the strikes was released by the Ukrainian Armed Forces on social media. A statement from the bridge claimed that the Ukrainian forces threw the Russian forces "one hell of a party". An official from the 45th Bridge posted: "On one of the farms in Zaporizhzhia Oblast, a massive commotion was organised by Russia. Very hectic. "With the help of gunners from the 45th Separate Artillery Brigade and in cooperation with air reconnaissance of the 15th Main Directorate of the DBKR [military counterintelligence of the Ukrainian Security Service] and Azov, one hell of a party was organised for them." JUST IN: Putin's mask slips as leader 'fails to show empathy' in photo op  They jokingly added: "The house party was a success!" The Ukrainian Army Weapons Tracker later posted that "several supply vehicles were damaged/destroyed" in the assault. Rob Lee, a senior fellow at Foreign Policy Research Institute, also shared a clip of the devastating ambush attack. This comes as Russia focuses all of its efforts on capturing Sievierodonetsk, one of the eastern-most battlefronts. Russia’s fixation on Sievierodonetsk had drawn resources from other battlefronts and President Putin's forces had made little progress elsewhere, according to the Washington-based Institute for the Study of War. Earlier today, Andrey Kelin, Russia’s ambassador to the UK, bizarrely suggested Russia had never wanted to seize Kyiv - despite a failed attempt to take the capital at the onset of the war. Mr Kelin told the BBC that President Putin had given up on taking Kyiv, before adding: "I don’t believe it is possible to seize Kyiv or occupy Kyiv, it is a big, big city." DON'T MISS: Russian ambassador claims war crime evidence is "computer game" [INTERVIEW]Ukraine LIVE: Kremlin humiliated as Russians help Ukrainians flee [LIVE BLOG]Meghan's recent appearances spark claims that Sussexes are in trouble [VIDEO]  When pressed on why Russia had tried and failed to encircle the capital, Mr Kelin responded: "We did have troops, but not for the seizure of Kyiv. "I’m not a military person, I am a diplomat, but even I understand that if you want to do things on one front, you have to do different things on another. "We didn’t have a goal of seizing Kyiv at the initial stage. I don’t believe that’s a possibility." Also today, Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky made his first trip outside of Kyiv since the start of the Russian invasion. He was photographed visiting Ukrainian troops held up in Kharkiv, as he personally thanked the soldiers for "risking their lives for us all and for our country". 