Sam Mitchell (played by Kim Medcalf) has not been welcomed back to EastEnders with open arms and her neighbours are keen for her to leave as soon as possible. However, as Sam continues to prove herself to brother Phil Mitchell (Steve McFadden), Kim Fox (Taneka Empson) may get caught in the crossfire. In upcoming scenes, Kat Slater (Jessie Wallace) is annoyed when Sam joins her to visit Phil in prison. She’s unaware the Mitchell sister has an ulterior motive for coming along and regrets agreeing to the visit. Sam tells her brother Jonah Tyler (Mark Mooney) is planning to buy Ruby’s and suggests they purchase it instead. Phil eventually agrees, leaving Kat furious as she points out how much responsibility he’s already put on her shoulders. Later, Kat loses her temper with Sam when she realises she’s arranged a meeting with Ruby Allen’s (Louisa Lytton) lawyers at a time she can’t do. Sam is left to manage the meeting alone much to her delight but is distracted when she hears from her ex-boyfriend. He dumps all of her belongings on the Square leaving her to miss the crucial meeting. Read more: EastEnders theory: Stuart Highway relapses in Bernie custody battle She asks Billy Mitchell (Perry Fenwick) to help her and the pair rush over to the club but it’s too late. The pair learn Jonah has got the club and Sam fears telling Phil what happened. Sam and Chelsea Fox (Zaraah Abrahams) bond at Ruby’s but they’re interrupted by Kat on the warpath. She’s furious to learn what happened and warns her Phil won’t take the news lightly. However, when Phil is told the news, he suggests Kat re-mortgage the cab office in order to buy the nightclub. The Slater mum-of-five refuses and tells her partner she will never agree to the purchase. A desperate Phil asks his sister to speak to Ben Mitchell (Max Bowden) about investing. His son refuses but Kheerat Panesar (Jaz Deol) who overhears the conversation and shows an interest. Sam pays a visit to the salon and threatens Denise Fox (Diane Parish) as she continues to find a way to put her business woes right. DON'T MISSEastEnders theory: Chrissie Watts returns to for revenge [INSIGHT]EastEnders Frankie Lewis left shaken as face from the past returns [SPOILER]EastEnders theory: Tommy Moon's football career ruined over secret [THEORY] Denise is intertwined with the Mitchells after conceiving a child with Phil and helping Kim put the dodgy dealer behind bars for the role he played in Vincent Hubbard’s (Richard Blackwood) death. The concerned mother visits Phil in prison begging for his help after Sam’s cruel words. Jack Branning (Scott Maslen) and Denise tell Sam she can no longer stay with them but will they live to regret kicking her out? Later, Denise is horrified to learn the salon has been robbed but viewers will have to wait to find out if Sam was involved. In a tragic turn of events will Kim end up caught up in the robbery? Kim works at the salon alongside her sister and it’s possible she will be there when the thugs make their move. It’s clear Sam will stop at nothing to get what she wants. However, will Denise or someone close to her pay the price? EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.