Liverpool star Thiago has been branded as “overrated” by Reds icon Dietmar Hamann, who has taken an extraordinary dig at the Brazilian despite his quality. Thiago has been a key player under Jurgen Klopp and racked up 39 appearances in all competitions this season as an integral member of the Liverpool team. Thiago endured a difficult first campaign at Anfield after joining the club from Bayern Munich in 2020. But in his second season, Thiago helped Liverpool reach the Champions League final as he started all but one of his team’s knockout games in the competition. He was also a regular starter in the Premier League as the Reds missed out on the title by just one point. And he played the full match in the FA Cup final as the Merseyside outfit defeated Chelsea on penalties. Liverpool manager Klopp has built a team that is regarded as one of the best in the history of English football. But Hamann has made his views about Thiago clear. “In my opinion, the Reds need to modernise the team a bit, especially in midfield,” Hamann wrote in his Sky Sports column. “I don't understand the hype about Thiago. For me he is one of the most overrated players in European football. READ MORE: Transfer News LIVE: Man Utd 'close to agreement', Liverpool blow, Raphinha latest “When things are going well and you have a lot of possession he's a good player but, when push comes to shove, you don't see him. If you need someone who sets accents, then he doesn't do it. [Naby] Keita is also a disappointment, [Jordan] Henderson is a worker. They need a player who can make the difference and give the team that extra something.” Thiago started in midfield on Saturday as Liverpool suffered an agonising Champions League final defeat to Real Madrid at the Stade de France in Paris. But following the match, his wife revealed that “bands of robbers” were left to roam free amid chaotic scenes outside the ground ahead of kick-off as Liverpool fans faced lengthy delays getting through the turnstiles. “I don’t like to comment on these things but this time I need to express myself,” she wrote on Instagram on Sunday. “Yesterday’s final was a total nightmare, and this is not about football, it goes far beyond the result. DON'T MISSArsenal could repeat Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil signings for next seasonMan Utd look set to sign another Cristiano Ronaldo, Bruno Fernandes and NaniLiverpool told to hijack Man Utd summer signing for Sadio Mane replacement  “Due to a lack of organisation and security, there were so many scary moments. Constantly being threatened by bands of robbers, that were trying to assault us and slipped onto the stadium without a ticket. “For that many supporters were left out of the game triggering avalanches of people. Tear gas was thrown by the police at families and supporters, and some of them also were beaten down. All of them innocent people. “Because [of] all this trouble, we had to leave the stadium escorted for our own safety. Something has to be done, these kind of things cannot happen in any kind of event and we ask for responsibility. It could have been much worse.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  