Christopher Pine, 70, was driving his tractor in Somerset when a dog walker threw dirt at his vehicle and told him not to “plough the footpath”. When Mr Pine told him he wasn't and was allowed to work the land, the dog walker attacked him with a rock. The dog walker hurled the stone at him, which struck him in the head, and ran off, according to Mr Pine. Pictures of the aftermath of the attack show blood pouring from Mr Pine’s head above the ear, a wound which required hospital treatment. Mr Pine’s wife, Jane Pine, described the attack which took place in their rented field in North End in Creech St Michael on Saturday, May 7.  Mrs Pine said: "Without any provocation or anything else, this walker threw dirt at him as he was driving past, so he stopped to ask 'what's the problem' to find out why he'd done this." "He was then told 'don't plough the footpath', which of course he wasn't - he does everything 100 per cent correctly. We rent the field so in a sense you're even more careful with what you do." She added: "With that he picked up a rock - and there are rocks there the size of your hand - and threw it at my husband's head, then he ran off. "He is 70, and purposefully threw it at someone's head. If my husband had been looking maybe two inches the other way he'd have had his eye out." READ MORE: Grisly warning to farmers as 'killer worm' found in UK garden  Locals have reportedly expressed their disgust and best wishes online while Mr Pine’s son, James Pine reassured the community that his father was fine and only needed “a few staples”. The dog walker is said to be in his mid thirties with dark hair, balding on top. He was of slight build with shorts and was walking a grey Staffordshire Terrier. Farmers and landowners are required to keep rights of way open and usable, meaning public footpaths going through or near farmland must be accessible. DON'T MISS:Stonehenge experts stunned as scan 'radically changes' understanding [INSIGHT]Exclusive face yoga routine to 'eradicate' sagging jowls [REPORT]Brexit: 'Renegotiation not an option!'​ EU issues warning to UK [LIVE]  However, farmers have the right to disturb a footpath surface, but must reinstate a good path within 14 days of crops being sown. Field-edge paths can not be cultivated and the public has a right to access right of ways on farmland. The maintenance of public right of ways falls to the highway authority and the farmer or landowner.  