The couple is “excited and honoured” to make the trip back to UK turf for the events lauding the Queen’s seventieth year on the throne, a spokesperson for the pair said. Making the journey with Prince Harry, 37, and Meghan, 40, are the couple’s two children, Archie, three, and the Queen's namesake Lilibet, who will turn one during the Jubilee weekend. But after the couple’s last overseas trip saw them recording content for Netflix, Sun photographer Arthur Edwards has urged the Duke and Duchess of Sussex to abandon any plans to film for the streaming service during the monarch’s celebrations. This comes after a source claimed Netflix camera crews will be "moved on" if they are spotted trying to film the Duke and Duchess in public spaces. Speaking directly to Meghan and Harry, Mr Edwards wrote: “I hope you will leave your Netflix crew behind and allow the Queen to take centre stage during these four days of national celebrations to mark her unique 70-year reign. In an open letter, Mr Edwards addressed the Duke and Duchess to say the extended weekend was "not about the pair of you", although their appearance at royal engagements would still be welcomed. It was announced by Buckingham Palace that the Duke and Duchess will not join the rest of the Royal Family on the palace balcony to observe the Trooping the Colour parade. The procession on Horse Guards Parade on Thursday will mark the Queen's official birthday. However, the Queen resolved "after careful consideration" to limit attendees on the balcony to working royals, a palace spokesperson said. But the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are expected to attend a service in central London the following day. READ MORE: Jubilee row explodes as Harry and Meghan told they are 'NOT welcome' Referencing this, Mr Edwards added: "We are looking forward to seeing both of you with other members of the Royal Family at Friday’s service of thanksgiving in St Paul’s Cathedral." Throughout the Jubilee, news outlets and camera crews require express permission to film the Royal Family and take official positions at the likes of Buckingham Palace and St Paul’s Cathedral. This will not include Netflix, which signed a deal with the Duke and Duchess of Sussex said to be worth $100 million back in 2020. A source told the Telegraph that, should Netflix camera crews try to set up filming positions in public areas, they will be "moved on" by services running the events. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Queen warned of 'Sussex bomb' at Platinum Jubilee [LIVE] Jubilee POLL: Are you having a Platinum Jubilee party? [VOTE] Meghan Markle should ‘do the right thing’ and visit her father [REVEAL] Prince Harry and Meghan previously traveled with a Netflix camera crew when they visited the Hague last month. The couple visited the Netherlands for the Invictus Games with cameras in tow for their upcoming documentary series, 'Heart of Invictus'. The docu-series, which does not have an official release date, is described on the couple’s Archewell Productions website as a project to "showcase powerful stories of resilience and hope from competitors on their journey" to the Hague. But one of Meghan’s projects with the streaming giant became a casualty of Netflix’s stumbling success earlier this month. As the company was hit with plummeting subscriber figures, more than $50 billion was wiped off the company's market value. Netflix announced they were axing the planned animated series "Pearl", which featured the Duchess of Sussex as an executive producer. 