How often you need to clean your kettle largely depends on how often you use it. But, if you are one of the 84 percent of Britons who have a cuppa every single day, then you should be cleaning the inside of your appliance at least once every four months. Fantastic Cleaners say: "Neglecting to clean the kettle for long periods of time could damage the appliance and the need for deep cleaning that may not prove successful after all. "Limescale build-up is the biggest problem, which causes higher electricity consumption as the kettle takes longer to warm up the water. In addition, limescale affects the H2O quality, which tends to worsen the longer the kettle is not cared for." They advise: "Better inspect your kettle weekly, and if you notice any hard white deposits, get to work right away." There are numerous products available that promise to bust through limescale housed within your kettle, however, there is a natural solution which you may already have tucked away in a kitchen cupboard. Baking soda, also known as bicarbonate of soda, can be used to clean various areas and appliances around the home. Your kettle is one of them. READ MORE: Weeding tips: ‘Super effective’ way to naturally kill paving weeds Baking soda can be mixed with water to break through limescale build-ups within your appliance, and there are two basic ways you can use bicarbonate of soda to clean your appliance. The first is by mixing a teaspoon of baking soda with approximately 500ml of water. Pour the solution into the kettle and let it boil. Then, leave the mixture to sit in the kettle for 15 minutes. Finally, pour out the solution and rinse a couple of times with clean, cold water. DON'T MISSPests: ‘Inexpensive’ and ‘simple’ way to get rid of woodlice [EXPLAINER]'Enormously satisfying' bed sheet folding trick to save time and space [COMMENT]Phil Spencer ‘born and bred’ in the Kent countryside [INSIGHT] Alternatively, you can create a paste by combing a tablespoon of baking soda and a few drops of water. Stir the paste until it becomes a thick consistency. Then, using an old toothbrush, scrub the areas of your kettle where there is a noticeable buildup of limescale. Once you are satisfied, thoroughly rinse the inside of your kettle with clean water. This process can be repeated if necessary. Neglecting to clean your kettle for long periods of time can lead to a build-up of limescale. Not only can this damage your kettle, but it can also affect the water quality and even drive up energy usage. This is because a layer of limescale within the appliance will lend itself to higher electricity consumption because it takes longer to boil the water. As limescale is formed after hard water is boiled and left inside, the best prevention method is to not leave the liquid sitting in the appliance.