Speaking to host David Letterman during his most recent episode of My Next Guest Needs No Introduction, Will Smith claimed he had a vision that his career would be "destroyed" after taking ayahuasca, a plant-based herbal drink which can cause hallucinations. In the Netflix series, the Fresh Prince of Bel-Air star recalled hallucinating about having his money, home and career taken from him during a two-year period in which he tried the psychedelic drug 14 times. He told David Letterman that after drinking it, he saw himself in a way he's never seen before. He went on to describe it as the "most hellish psychological experience" of his life. "I drank, and it usually takes about 45 minutes to kick in," the actor began. "And I’m sitting there and you always feel like, 'Maybe it won’t kick in this time.' So I’m drinking and sitting there and then all of a sudden it’s like I start seeing all of my money flying away, and my house is flying away and my career is going away." READ MORE: Carol Kirkwood confirms engagement live on BBC Breakfast The Men In Black star admitted he began to "panic" as he tried to "grab" his money and career. Speaking about his vision, he recalled: "My whole life is getting destroyed. "This is my fear in real life, and I’m in there and I’m wanting to vomit and all of that, and I hear a voice saying, 'This is what the f**k it is. This is what the f**k life is.'" The 53-year-old went on to remember that he heard his daughter Willow calling out for help during his vision, which helped him to put things into perspective. He said it was at that point he stopped caring about money, and just wanted to get to his daughter. "I stopped caring about my house, I stopped caring about my career," he added. "When I came out of it, I realised that anything that happens in my life, I can handle it." Will's vision came before he slapped comedian Chris Rock at the Oscars after he made a joke about his wife, Jada. DON'T MISS...Ozark season 4 theory: Jonah actually shot Wendy as fans spot key clue [REACTION]Lorraine warns Emmerdale guest to ‘behave' after appearance remark [VIDEO]Vera's Mark Edwards star speaks out on show return [INSIGHT] Later on in the evening, he won Best Actor for his role in King Richard, which is when he apologised for his actions. During his acceptance speech, he apologised to the event organisers and to Richard Williams, who he played in the film, and later he also apologised to Chris in a grovelling statement. However, it was later confirmed that Will had been banned from the Oscars and all Academy events for 10 years. In an open letter to the Academy "family”, David Rubin, President, and Dawn Hudson, CEO, explained the reasoning behind their decision. Will also issued a public apology on Instagram, stating he "deeply regrets" his behaviour and that he's a "work in progress". He wrote: “Violence in all of its forms is poisonous and destructive. “My behaviour at last night’s Academy Awards was unacceptable and inexcusable. Jokes at my expense are a part of the job, but a joke about Jada’s medical condition was too much for me to bear and I reacted emotionally. “I would like to publicly apologise to you, Chris. I was out of line and I was wrong." David Letterman's My Next Guest is available to watch on Netflix.