Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle have reportedly been invited to join the Royal Family during the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations next month. The country will mark Her Majesty’s historic 70-year reign over an extended weekend from June 2 to 5. While the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will not attend in a formal capacity, reports suggest that they have been invited to appear on the Buckingham Palace balcony and could be guests at the Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral. The reports came after the Sussexes’ surprise visit to the UK during which they paid a visit to Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, and later, the Queen. It marked Meghan’s first trip to Europe since their exit two years ago. Harry and Meghan stepped down from their senior positions within the Royal Family in favour of a life in the US. Their departure and subsequent tell-all interview with Oprah Winfrey sent shockwaves through the Firm. One royal expert has claimed that ‘Megxit’ would have worked out “differently” if Harry’s mother, Diana, Princess of Wales, was still here. Kinsey Schofield, founder and creator of ToDiForDaily.com and author of the upcoming book ‘R is for Revenge Dress’, told Express.co.uk that Diana would have “strategised” with her son and his wife. She said: “I think that she would have either strategised with them or maybe it wouldn’t have even got to the extent that it has, because she would be in the middle to negotiate and to say: ‘I don’t like the way they’re being treated.’ “I do think that things would have worked out very differently — and probably better — if she was still here.” During their bombshell interview with Oprah, Harry claimed that they left the Royal Family due to a “lack of understanding and support”. He also opened up on his frustration with the British press, acknowledging that although the “UK is [his] home,” he had to remove his family from the situation because he “could see where this was headed,” in what is widely seen as a reference to the struggles of his mother. Diana was a permanent fixture in the British press during her tumultuous relationship with Charles and in the years leading up to her tragic death. It has since been speculated that the princess colluded with, and even manipulated, the press in order to get her side of the story out there. DON'T MISS Meghan had 'astonishing' feud at 'first party' she attended at Palace [REVEAL] Camilla to follow Meghan, Kate and Queen with powerful birthday move [INSIGHT] Kate and Prince William to grab spotlight from Charles when King [REPORT] Ms Schofield referenced Diana’s dalliances with the tabloids, saying it was her way of “changing the narrative” and balancing the commentary surrounding her life. She also claimed that Meghan could have learned from her mother-in-law, having experienced a similar media frenzy throughout her relationship with Harry. Ms Schofield said: “I think that Meghan Markle could have learned a lot from Diana in this aspect, because Meghan talked a lot about how frustrating it was that she couldn’t defend herself — all the while, Diana did this in the background for years and came out on top.” Speaking to James Corden last year, Harry claimed that the “toxic” British media had an impact on his and Meghan’s exit from the Royal Family. He said: "It was a really difficult environment as a lot of people saw. “We all know what the British press can be like. And it was destroying my mental health. I was like, this is toxic." He said he "did what any husband [or] father would do", and moved his family away. Following their secret stop-off in the UK last month, Harry and Meghan travelled to the Netherlands for the Invictus Games, a sporting event for wounded, injured and sick servicemen that the Duke founded in 2014. During the week-long event, Harry sat down for an interview with the Today show’s Hoda Kotb. He spoke candidly about his relationships with the Royal Family and opened up about the impact his mother has on his life. Harry told Ms Kotb that he speaks to his son, Archie Harrison, about “Grandma Diana” and said he feels his mother’s presence “more so than ever before”. He said: “It is almost as though she's done her bit with my brother and now she's very much, like, helping me. Got him set up. And now she's helping me set up.  “That's what it feels like, you know? He's got his kids. I've got my kids, you know the circumstances are obviously different. “But now, I feel her presence in almost everything that I do now. But definitely more so in the last two years than ever before. “Without question. So she's watching over us.”