The Old Lady of Threadneedle Street tells us that prices are rising at the fastest rate in 30 years. The risk of double-digit inflation is upon us once again. Inflation, like sporting or military defeats, has a “thousand fathers”, as Tuco in The Good, The Bad and the Ugly would have said. Quantitative Easing, Zero Interest Rate Policies, and Covid-induced Lockdowns and Furlough Schemes, to name but a few, are some of the policies that have contributed to this sorry state of affairs. However, the War in Ukraine, whilst perhaps not the main reason, has still turned into a real trigger for the current surge. Indeed, the beleaguered country is one of the world’s largest wheat and cooking oils producer. The country is unable to ship its products. The knock-on effects are serious. With a major food producer out of commission and the other, Russia, in the UK and America’s crosshairs, a scramble for supplies is gathering pace. No commodity is feeling the pinch more so than cooking oil. As the Governor of the Bank of England said during the session in Parliament, access to food and cooking oil has morphed from an afterthought into a major consideration, which looks to affect global supply chains: “It is not just a major worry for this country, it is a major worry of the developing world,” he warned. It is thus a reminder that the world is interconnected, and disruptions in one seemingly distant part of the world can easily translate in real problems at home. For instance, Indonesia is the world's biggest producer of palm oil. She announced recently that she would halt exports of the commodity in a bid to stabilise soaring prices at home. War in Ukraine was cited as a being a major reason behind the move. Another market has thereby closed its doors. Supply constraints will follow. As we know: Scarcity is a key driver of the price mechanism. This will lead to further pressure on countries which rely heavily on vegetable oil. And Vegetable Oil, as the Washington Post reminded us a few days ago, is “far outstripping other food inflation”. The Western World is slowly waking up to the fact that the societal system built over the last 25 years is extremely fragile, not to say self-indulgent and entitled. Farming lobbies in France, who managed to turn the European Union and, by association, the United Kingdom, into a fortress designed to ban food and cooking oil alternatives from outside of the Union, must be revisited in light of dramatically changing circumstances. The future, and the happiness of peoples, will belong to countries who show themselves pragmatic, humble and flexible. The only question our leaders must want to answer when legislating is: will it improve the lives of our people? The focus on sustainability and end-of-the-world eco-insanity, which has dominated conversations for the last decade, must now give way to common sense. A proper re-assessment of our leaders’ priorities is absolutely essential. Food, energy, and border security must be their main concern. Old school priorities in other words. In terms of inflation as well as the food and cooking oil apocalypse mentioned by Andrew Bailey, we need to broaden our sources to all countries that are both friendly towards us and able to deliver proper alternatives. While Indonesia closed her markets, Malaysia, the second biggest producer of palm oil, has opened hers. The country maintains it has enough palm oil to meet global demand and keep supply chains moving. Moving to palm oil should be a no-brainer. We need the oil. They have it. The fly in the soup is years of negative publicity about the commodity, driven by well-funded lobbyists, receptive regulators and pusillanimous corporates. As a result, palm oil has mainly been attacked for reasons of ecology. Progress in cultivation and a better understanding of how the palm oil is harvested has led to third parties such as the World Wildlife Fund becoming increasingly positive about the industry. In fact, according to Global Forest Watch, primary forest loss in Malaysia decreased by almost 70 percent in just six years, and many Malaysian palm oil mills are becoming net-zero, powered by renewable energy. Better yet, palm oil also takes significantly less amount of fertilizer, a main export of Russia, and yet another commodity of which the world is running desperately short of. Despite this, markets such as the European Union are ramping up the pressure on the palm oil industry by pushing forward with sustainability regulatory frameworks, despite 90 percent of palm oil imported into the EU being certified sustainable. In other words, they are working towards increasing food and cooking oil prices at a time of spiralling price rises. If Andrew Bailey is right and the food and cooking oil “apocalypse” is upon us, would now not be the time to seek true diversification in food supply, cooking oil and energy? The more diversified our supply chain, the cheaper the products. It is particularly egregious that our leaders have left us so vulnerable in the only areas that should be their concern. George Osborne used to attack Gordon Brown for not having repaired the roof while the sun was shining. It turns out that, for 25 years, we have been led by people, who thought the winter would never come.