Piers Morgan, 57, has addressed a possible reconciliation with Meghan Markle, 40, as the Uncensored host talked about "making up" with the Duchess of Sussex. The TalkTV presenter spoke openly with Dragons' Den entrepreneur Steven Bartlett where the former Good Morning Britain host suggested Prince Harry's move to the United States "didn't sit well" with the British public. His comments come after he appeared on Steven's podcast, The Diary of a CEO, last month. The Dragons' Den star asked: "You have said that you like to fall out with someone and make up again. What would it take for you and Meghan [Markle] to make up?" The journalist argued he would prefer for the two to sit down for a one-on-one interview where he would aim to provide a new "perspective" for the Sussexes. "If she did an interview like this with me, it would be very interesting" Piers clarified. READ MORE: Phillip Schofield sparks divide amid Queen's Jubilee - 'Switched off!' He added: "Meghan [Markle] to me, has lost all sense of reality about life. She needs to sit with someone like me." Piers described the Duchess' sit-down interview with Oprah Winfrey last year as "enabling" and claimed it "fuelled victimhood". The ex-GMB host suggested the Sussexes often "preach" about things from climate change, to equality and poverty but claimed it "doesn't sit well" with members of the public. Piers commented: "She needs someone to give her perspective.  "Are you aware that when you preach to us about climate change, the environment and carbon footprint from Elton John's private plane, it doesn't sit very well? "Are you aware that when you preach about equality from an $11 million mansion, it doesn't sit very well?" The outspoken broadcaster went on to claim Prince Harry had been "woke into submission" following his move to California with Meghan. Piers concluded: "Are you aware that when you rip the beloved Prince away from the bosom of his family, take him to America and woke him into submission, it doesn't sit very well with the British people? DON'T MISS... Michael Caine's warning detailed by Midsomer Murders' Annette Badland[LATEST]Drew Barrymore flaunts smooth face on red carpet as she avoids surgery[PICTURES]Amber Heard says Johnny Depp 'threw phone at her face over poo in bed'[UPDATES] "I'd love to ask her those questions. Oprah didn't ask them." The Uncensored host went on to say he does not wish any ill will towards either Meghan or Harry but his main issue is what he perceived has impacted the Royal Family. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex's much-anticipated interview with Oprah made global headlines in 2021. The couple spoke about their relationships with other royals, racism and how their mental health suffered. In response to Steven's initial question, Piers reiterated he would like to interview Meghan face-to-face. "Let me put all of these questions to you and answer some difficult questions," Piers commented. He went on to say he was most bothered by how their claims have impacted the Royal Family and the British monarchy. Harry and Meghan are set to return to the UK this month in honour of Queen Elizabeth II's Platinum Jubilee Celebrations marking 70 years on the throne.