The boom in dog ownership over the pandemic has coincided with the growth in electric car numbers in the UK, up more than 120 percent on last year. With many pet owners thinking about taking their four-legged friends on longer trips, the experts at Electrifying.com have chosen their top electric cars for dogs. The Tesla Model Y, Skoda Enyaq and MG 5 EV are among the best cars for pooches, Founder and CEO of Electrifying.com Ginny Buckley has announced, while the Porsche Taycan Cross Turismo is a dog's dream car if money is no object. Ms Buckley said: “It’s a fact that electric cars are quiet, smooth, and don’t have smelly exhausts and your dogs like them for the same reasons we do. “So it’s a no-brainer that they’re the best way to transport your pet, be it on longer summer breaks, or up to the woods for a run in the bluebells.” Check out electrifying.com’s choices below. READ MORE: Drivers may face two years in prison for driving after summer rain Skoda EnyaqIf you’re after something a bit bigger, and your dog is used to spending time in a crate, then the Skoda Enyaq’s massive boot has plenty of space for this. The Enyaq, which was also the winner of our 2021 family car of the year award, comes with a possible range well over 300 miles - this means you won’t have to stop to charge too often, particularly on long weekends away. It’s comfortable, smooth and quiet, which makes for a happy dog in the back. Tesla Model YA favourite of both drivers and passengers, the Model Y has an impressive range of 331 miles, which makes it perfect for travelling long distances. Besides a huge boot, it also features a ‘dog mode’ function, which is a climate control setting that allows drivers to keep the car’s air conditioning or heater on when you leave your pet in the car for a short period of time. The temperature stays where you set it for as long as you are away from the car, and a large message on the Tesla’s huge display screen informs concerned passers-by that your pooch is perfectly chilled. If the battery goes below 20 percent, a notification is sent to the driver’s phone to prompt them to get back to their pet. DON'T MISS UK drivers can avoid paying road tax with a smart hybrid car trick [REVEAL] Electric car owners could be forced to pay more for charging cars [INSIGHT] Drivers warned of huge driving law changes coming in this week [WARNING] MG5 EV Long Range If you like your dog to be able to sit up comfortably on a journey, the height of the boot may be more important than the overall space, particularly if this is where your dog will be spending the most time while in the car. This makes the estate-bodied MG5 EV perfect for canines. The MG5 also has a low boot lip for loading, which allows dogs to jump up into the car with ease. The car rides well, is smooth and calm, which is ideal if you’re carrying your dog in the back. The Long-Range version also boasts a 250-mile range. Mazda MX-30For drivers who want a cheaper car for shorter journeys with their dog, the Mazda MX-30 is an option to consider as it has a larger boot space than other city cars in this price range. The unusual design of the rear doors also means that it’s more difficult for your dog to escape the car when you open them, meaning they can stay safer when you arrive at a destination. Audi Q4 e-tronExperts will point out that the Q4 e-tron shares its crucial hardware with the cheaper Skoda Enyaq, but the Audi has a better quality interior for your dog to shed hair on. The boot, at 520 litres, ought to be big enough for most pooches, and the loading lip is nice and low so they’ll not need to jump too high. But don’t choose the coupe-shaped Sportback if they’re larger, as they’ll bang their head on the rear window. Porsche Taycan Cross Turismo Dog ownership doesn’t have to mean you need to give up dreams of owning an electric sports car. The Cross Turismo version of Porsche’s stunning Taycan has a practical hatchback which opens to reveal an extra 80 litres of load capacity. The 446-litre capacity isn’t much bigger than a family hatchback’s, but it is big enough for most dogs. The raised ride height and four-wheel-drive will also help in muddy car parks and once you’ve dropped the dog off, you will be able to enjoy the barking mad performance. Ginny told Express.co.uk exclusively: “One of the things I love about my electric car is that it’s a relaxing drive, it’s quiet, calm and smooth.  I know that Ziggy my cocker spaniel enjoys it for the same reasons as he usually falls asleep in it before we’ve reached the end of the street! “That’s why I enlisted Ziggy’s help to test the best electric cars for dog lovers. We looked at space, practicality and ease of access, important considerations for our four footed friends (and their owners!)) to come up with our list of pooch perfect plug-ins."