The alarming discovery was made during a flight from London to New York, in which flight VS3 had to perform a U-turn around half an hour after take-off. According to reports, the first officer had yet to complete the internal Virgin Atlantic training required by the company.  The Airbus A-300 returned to base and saw the co-pilot replaced causing a 2-hour 40-minute delay for passengers arriving in the US. However, passengers on board claim they were not told of the reason the aircraft had to return to Heathrow. Furthermore, passengers missed out on compensation for the blunder, seeing them miss out on a payment over route distance rules. Many passengers found out after the incident had happened, with many reading about it in the news. Some have spoken to media outlets about the horrific ordeal.  Julie and Marc Vincent from Bournemouth said: “We'd just cleared the west coast of Ireland when the captain announced 'you may have noticed that we have conducted a 180-degree turn' before telling us that we were returning to Heathrow due to an 'administration error' and that they needed to get some paperwork signed off legally to be able to continue our journey. “We landed back at Heathrow and were naturally concerned as you would expect that a large, long-established company such as Virgin needed to get their paperwork in order.” The couple had been travelling to New York for a holiday at the time.  READ MORE:Bank Holiday weather leads to bizarre chemtrail theories Mrs Vincent continued: I was also upset at losing holiday time as my husband and I were only in New York for three nights. “We asked what was going on numerous times and all we were told was that it wasn't legal for us to be in the air and that we needed to return so an engineer could deem us fit to fly. “They said it was a problem with paperwork that needed attention from ground staff. “Panic did set in onboard, particularly when upon landing people jumped out of their seats and started to pace up and down wanting more information. “At least three people in high vis vests entered the cockpit for an amount of time before curtains were drawn to hide our view. “  DON'T MISS:Russian hackers threaten to target NHS [REPORT]NATO issued nuclear warning – ‘serious’ threat [REVEAL]‘We want answers!’ Falklands veteran fury [OPINION] Speaking of conditions on the ground once back in Heathrow, Mrs Vincent added: “We were kept on the plane and offered plastic cups of water while we waited for an update. “One of the cabin crew very loudly communicated from one end to the other to say that two ovens were not working. “The decision was taken and announced to us that the airline was going to feed us our in-flight meal on the ground. “They started to serve first-class passengers with just one trolley, which took a long time, but before we could be served, the plane took off again. “If they had continued to feed us all as promised, we would have been outside of the four-hour delay compensation window and Virgin would have had to pay greater compensation to each passenger. “Only this morning did I realise that the hold-up was due to the first officer not having completed his training. Incredible.”  Another passenger, Mary Ingram, also speaking to Mail Online said: “We had all settled down, boots off, halfway into our first film, with the smell of dinner floating through the cabin when an announcement was made by the pilot saying, 'Some of you have noticed from the flight tracker map that we have made a 180 degree turn and are returning to Heathrow. “Don't be alarmed, but we are having to return to Heathrow due to an administrative error. “'There was a certain amount of concern that something may have been wrong with the plane, so on landing, we were all relieved when that went smoothly. “It didn't help that the pilot or co-pilot told us to note our nearest exit in the pre-landing announcement.” A Virgin Atlantic spokesman said: “Due to a rostering error, flight VS3 from London Heathrow to New York-JFK returned to Heathrow on Monday, May 2 shortly after take-off. “The qualified first officer, who was flying alongside an experienced captain, was replaced with a new pilot to ensure full compliance with Virgin Atlantic's training protocols, which exceed industry standards. “We apologise for any inconvenience caused to our customers who arrived two hours, 40 minutes later than scheduled as a result of the crew change.” 