Located less than 10 miles from the Scottish border, Carlisle is a historic city that dates back to the Roman era. The city offers plenty of historical monuments and buildings for people who live close to the city to enjoy, including a 900-year-old castle. Popular attractions in Carlisle include Carlisle Castle, Tullie House Museum and Art Gallery, Carlisle Cathedral and Hadrian’s Wall. Carlisle is the largest and only city in Cumbria which means it’s a cultural hub. Some of the city’s best bars, restaurants and clubs can be found near Botchergate and Market Square. The city also has plenty of eateries, cafes, boutiques, hotels and high street shops. The Lane Shopping Centre has more than 60 stores which are likely to cater to everyone’s needs. Carlisle City Council recently announced that it is investing £25million into the Centre which means the town will only get better in the years to come. Some of the changes included two new swimming pools, a fitness suite and a hall. The Lake District is just a 40-minute drive away from Carlisle, offering homeowners the best of both worlds. Five schools in Carlisle received a “good” Ofsted rating between 2019 and 2020. The University of Cumbria is the highest ranked university in the north for students to go on to hold senior leadership positions after they graduate. The city has brilliant connections to both the north and south via the M6 and train lines. The West Coast Main Line allows city workers to commute to London in less than four hours without needing to drive. Carlisle is also due to be served by the HS2 which will offer passengers easy access to the south. The city could prove to be a great investment spot for buy-to-let as the city becomes more connected to the rest of the country. Carlisle offers a wide range of properties for potential buyers. READ MORE: How to get rid of pigeons in your garden - 5 easy ways Modern homes, rustic cottages and Victorian town houses with original features are all options for buyers. Compared to other parts of England, Carlisle is still relatively affordable for buyers. The average house price within a 20 mile radius of Carlisle over the last 12 months stands at £232,000, according to OnTheMarket. Express.co.uk, in partnership with OnTheMarket, has found three different homes currently for sale in Carlisle. This includes a home for £1million, a property with huge renovation potential and an average-priced property. Property: Five-bedroom country home Location: Boltongate, Near Ireby, Cumbria Price: offers in excess of £1million Marketed by: Finest Properties, Corbridge, via OnTheMarket. This five bedroom, five bathroom country home is a stunner with plenty of space both indoors and outdoors. The property is Grade II listed and has been finished to an impeccably high standard throughout. The family home includes original features mixed in with the modern to create a comfortable and stylish home. On entering the property, there is beautiful Victorian tiled flooring and an impressive wood panelled staircase. The oldest part of Boltongate Old Rectory dates back to 1360 with later additions taking place in 1570 and 1889. The property has two reception rooms - a drawing room and sitting room - which both have wonderful views of the surrounding countryside. DON'T MISSOven cleaning: How to clean oven door glass under 5 minutes - ‘cheap’ [INSIGHT]Oven cleaning: ‘The right technique’ to clean oven door glass properly [UPDATE]Wallpaper: ‘Do’s and don’ts’ when DIYing to ‘do a room justice’ [ANALYSIS] The decor is neutral with tasteful hints of colour from Farrow & Ball. The dark blue shaker-style kitchen suits the home’s surroundings with bespoke cabinetry and a mix of wood and granite worktops. The kitchen includes a Total Control Electric AGA, integrated appliances and a large, separate pantry. Three of the home’s five bedrooms have ensuite shower rooms and there is a family bathroom with a roll top bath. Exposed beams, vaulted ceilings and a cosy wood burner can be found in the snug on the first floor. The property includes around 3.2 acres of land with outdoor seating areas, two paddocks and an extra summerhouse with an adjoining studio. The home also has panoramic views over the Cumbrian countryside. Property: Land and buildings Location: Wigton, Cumbria Price: £250,000 Marketed by: Davidson & Robertson, Currie, via OnTheMarket. This is a rare opportunity for a developer to create something completely new in the town of Wigton. The property, which includes a range of traditional buildings, has good access to the A595 and A596. The entire property is around 0.59 acres in total. Wigton town centre is located just one mile away while Lake District National Park is seven miles away. The site has huge development potential and is an opportunity for someone to put their own stamp on a property. Property: Three-bedroom end of terrace Location: Gilsland, Brampton Price: offers in the region of £220,000 Marketed by: Andrew Coulson, Hexham, via OnTheMarket. This spacious, Grade II listed building is beautifully presented with neutral decor and some period features. The sitting room includes a stone fireplace, wood burner and a ceiling rose. The separate dining room also has a wood burner, wooden flooring and enough space to accommodate a large table. The shaker-style kitchen is dark grey with wooden worktops, plenty of storage space and two windows letting in lots of natural light.  The property has one bathroom, a small patio, well-proportioned rooms, new roofing and a new boiler. The cottage has both full double glazing and oil-fired central heating and has had a new bathroom and kitchen in recent years. On-street parking is included to the front and a small patio where the new homeowner can enjoy a family barbecue in the summer. The property has been well-presented and beautifully extended to create a spacious home. Next week, we will be choosing three properties from in and around Winchester.