Manchester United players reportedly had a half-time bust-up at Anfield after Phil Jones and Harry Maguire put in shaky displays against Liverpool last month. Outgoing interim boss Ralf Rangnick gave Jones a rare start in one of the season's most daunting fixtures, before humiliatingly hauling him off at the interval of the eventual 4-0 defeat. Crunch matches against Liverpool, both home and away, provided the lowlights of Man Utd's disappointing season. The United players will likely have been dreading the trip to Anfield in April, six months after they were hammered 5-0 at home by their bitter rivals. Early goals from Mohamed Salah and Luis Diaz ensured that Jurgen Klopp's side were 2-0 up and cruising by the break. At which point, ESPN claim that United's stars became embroiled in a dressing room bust-up over Rangnick's decision to play three at the back. Jones was placed in the middle of the unlikely trio, despite having barely played since the 2018/19 season. Some in the dressing room supposedly felt as though £80million signing Maguire should have been taken off instead, but Jones was the easier option. JUST IN: Man Utd star's agent 'complained' about Cristiano Ronaldo as details of friction emerge A source told ESPN: "Rangnick left Phil Jones completely exposed at Anfield. He had basically ignored him for three months and then threw him in at the deep end. Harry Maguire had a bad night at Anfield, but Rangnick made the easy decision to substitute Jones at half-time because he didn't have the bottle to take Maguire off." Having been left untouched on the bench against Crystal Palace on Sunday, Jones rounded off the current season with just five appearances in all competitions. Maguire's season also suffered after the Liverpool hammering as Rangnick dropped him from the starting line-up due to form struggles and a bomb scare at his family home. DON'T MISS: Leeds icon hopeful Raphinha will turn down Barcelona offer to stay at Elland Road The England centre-back was in the side that narrowly lost at Selhurst Park, but it is unknown how prominently he will feature in Erik ten Hag's plans for next season. The Dutchman was in attendance as the Red Devils scraped a Europa League spot despite losing 1-0, and had a great chance to observe his new squad at close quarters. United co-owner Avram Glazer recently confirmed, during a rare interview, that Ten Hag will have the backing to bring in new faces this summer. Recruitment at centre-back will likely be high up on the priority list after a tumultuous season which has seen them ship 57 goals - more than relegated Burnley. Ajax's Jurrien Timber is believed to be on Ten Hag's radar, and his arrival could signal the end of Maguire's first-team spot. United hero Paul Parker has already urged his former side to cash in on the out-of-form defender if they can scoop up a decent transfer fee this summer. Jones, meanwhile, has another year of his contract to run at Old Trafford before he can leave for free. It remains to be seen whether any clubs have been particularly taken with his handful of performances this season. 