The Formula One 2022 season continues this weekend with the greatest drivers in the world set to race around the streets of Monaco. It's arguably F1's most iconic race, and the 2022 edition of the Monaco Grand Prix could be more exciting than usual with rain forecast for raceday. It could be a fascinating race and if you fancy tuning in to all the live action you will need to sign up for a Sky contract with the telly firm continuing to have exclusive rights to all of the races. Going into today's race, Max Verstappen leads the title from Charles Leclerc after a dramatic race at the Spanish Grand Prix. That race saw Verstappen drop to fourth after spinning into the gravel and suffer DRS issues with victory looking in the bag for Leclerc until a surprise retirement. But the Ferrari driver has the chance to close the gap to the reigning champ this weekend after bagging pole for his home Grand Prix. After clinching first place on the grid the Monegasque driver said: "It is very special. I am so incredibly happy. It has been a very smooth weekend until now. I knew the pace was in the car and I just had to do the job, it went perfect. "The last lap before the red flag was really really good. It was really on the limit. The rear was loose but it was a good lap. I think I was 0.4secs up before the red flag came. And it is great to have Carlos with me on the front row."   Sky Sports F1 has all the action live from the Circuit de Monaco with subscribers able to tune in via channel 406 with pre-race coverage starting from 12.30pm and the red lights going out at 2pm. If you use Virgin to watch Sky then you'll find the action on channel 506. Everything is also beamed to tablets and smartphones via the Sky Go app which is available for both Android and iOS devices It's worth noting that those who are away on holiday and trying to watch outside of the UK won't be able to use Sky Go due to geo-location restrictions. If you have a Sky subscription this problem can be easily fixed by using a recommended VPN (Virtual Private Network). You can find some of the best options below...  Sky Go is also available on a number of platforms including Amazon Fire devices, iPad, Mac computers and laptops, PlayStation 3, PS4 and Xbox One. The Sky Sports app, available to download on iOS and Android devices, will also be providing live text coverage and updates. If you're not currently a Sky Sports customer but can't stand to miss out on the action, you can add the channels to your devices via a NOW membership. Day passes, which let you add Sky Sports channels for 24 hours, start at £11.98 a day. A monthly pass costs £33.99 and you can cancel anytime. NOW is also available on a NOW TV Box, Chromecast, PS5, PS4, PS3, Xbox Series X, Xbox One, Xbox 360, Roku, LG Smart TV, PC or Mac, and selected mobile and tablet devices. Don't forget that Channel Four has all the race highlights, but it will be shown a bit later on tonight. 