House of the Dragon has been in the making for a long time and fans are keen to find out the history of House Targaryen from the original Game of Thrones series. The official trailer was released by HBO on May 5 and it shows Daemon Targaryen (played by Matt Smith) asking: "What is this brief, mortal life? If not the pursuit of legacy?"  Each House is then seen pledging allegiance to King Viserys (Paddy Considine). Princess Rhaenyra Targaryen's (Emma D’Arcy) adviser has her doubts that the Princess would ever see power. She says: "Men would sooner put the realm to the torch than see a woman ascend the Iron Throne." Viewers are then reminded of how the series will make its Sky and HBO debut on August 21. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Andrea Tate returns as she's Gabby's stalker  A series of ugly games will ensue as the ultimate fight for power dominates the series. The trailer ends with the warning: "History does not remember blood. It remembers names." Of course, fans were treated to some sights of the fire-breathing dragons they fell in love with in the original series. They took to the comments to share their thoughts on the latest sneak peek.    RoRa said: "It all looks so good. Reminds me of the first seasons of GoT. Everything a little calmer. But intrigues, betrayal and great character moments."  Game of Thrones’ Maisie Williams ‘resented’ Arya role 'Really different' House of the Dragon star Matt Smith describes show The story is set 200 years before the events of Game of Thrones and it documents the downfall of House Targaryen. Viewers will witness the events leading up to the Targaryen civil war, known as the Dance of the Dragons, and the war itself. The 10-episode season's official trailer introduces viewers to the main characters including Lord Corlys Velaryon (Steve Toussaint), Otto Hightower (Rhys Ifans) and Lady Alicent Hightower (Olivia Cooke). Otto Hightower is heard telling his daughter: "We play an ugly game, you have the determination to win it." As the Hand of the King to King Viserys, he is a bitter political rival of Prince Daemon. His daughter Alicent was raised in the Red Keep and is a part of the king's inner circle. 