It certainly looks that way as union after union comes out announcing strike ballots. First out of the blocks is the Communication Workers Union after rejecting a 20-year-high pay offer from BT, followed by the National Union of Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers threatening the biggest strike action in modern history. Not to be left behind in this race to create summer mayhem are climate extremists, sticking themselves to whatever they can. Note to police: invest in industrial strength solvent, remove offenders promptly, then stick them in prison. Two years of lockdowns have damaged the economy and changed the working environment. People have reassessed their lives with many in their 50s joining the “Great Grey Resignation”. In fact, a million people have left the workforce since lockdown. Hence why this week the country found itself in the unique position of having more job vacancies – 1.3 million – than people unemployed. Add to that inflation at nine percent, a cost-of-living crisis and a war, and we are in the most febrile of environments, one in which it’s all too easy to stir up discontent, so government and business must act quickly and decisively to head this off. A good start would be for the government to reduce taxes to ease the cost of living. It needs to remove VAT on fuel and remove green taxes on energy bills, then rather than simply saying “no” as it did this week to a windfall tax on energy companies, it should take a page out of Thatcher’s book and introduce one, using the money to reduce energy bills too. Businesses need to do all they can too and explain the steps they are taking. If BT can’t offer any more money than what’s on the table then explain why and head off industrial action, a fight that would leave everyone worse off. The summer of 2022 needs to be remembered as the time when we all pulled together – government, business and the public – and not the one that took us back to the bad old days of the 1970s. ------------------------------------------------------ Dolly Parton isn't a bad nickname I can't believe a Liverpool Police officer sued his colleagues for calling him Dolly Parton because he worked 9-5. It made me chuckle, and anyone who has worked in Liverpool knows colleagues love a bit of banter. I remember one chap who never went out got nicknamed the Olympic Flame. Life is much more fun when you can see the humour in things. ------------------------------------------------------ Shop lifters should be given a tough penalty Police officers have just been told to use their “discretion” when deciding whether to prosecute shoplifters amid the cost-of-living crisis. Andy Cooke, the new policing watchdog, of all people, risked the wrath of retailers earlier this week as he suggested officers should weigh up whether or not it was best to haul those who steal before the courts. The Chief Inspectorate of Constabulary warned the rise in the cost of living would “trigger an increase in crime”. Shoplifting is not a victimless crime – it puts retailers out of business, costs jobs and puts up prices for everyone else. How do these people get these jobs? ------------------------------------------------------ The news has gone awol As I read the newspapers this week, on one page was an article calling for sugar and salt to be banned, on the other London Labour Mayor Sadiq Khan, called for the legalisation of cannabis to be considered. I was struck by the sheer nonsense and inconsistency of it all. I suspect one day I will be able to have cocaine but be fined for carrying a can of Coke. The world has gone mad.