CEO Dee Murray says: “The embarrassment now compared to five years ago, even two years ago is much less. People want to talk about this subject, this affects a woman for potentially half her life.” As a result, education is important says Murray, adding: “We want to make sure young women are very well educated and they should know what happens when you’re moving into a post reproductive state which you are in for a very long time.” This education is not just important for young women according to Murray, but to men too. Murray adds: “Men who have gone through the training, they have thanked us after.” READ MORE: High blood pressure: The drink that can have 'consistent benefits' While men can be educated on the menopause, it does not change the fact they don’t have to go through the same challenging experience millions of women do. Symptoms of the menopause include:• Hot flushes• Night sweats• Vaginal dryness• Difficulty sleeping• Low mood• Anxiety• Problems with memory and concentration.  A recent spike in menopause awareness has been drive by campaigners and the shortage of HRT. However, the shortage has not yet been ramified, leaving the NHS no choice but to ration supplies. Conservative MP Caroline Nokes criticised the response last month saying: “You can’t help but feel that, if this was a drug used exclusively by men, they’d have sent the army to beef up production now.” The longer the delay goes on, the more women suffer from a physical as well as psychological perspective. Labour MP Carolyn Harris, chairwoman of the Menopause All-Party Parliamentary Group, said: “Until the medicine is widely available to everybody to treat the menopause, women are vulnerable and at risk of really slipping into a deep depression. “With the shortages, many women are now not going to get the product they need to continue feeling normal – they are going to go back to where they were before they started on HRT.” Shortages of HRT form part of a growing problem in the NHS, the shortage of common medicines.  Around four out of five medications used by the NHS fall under the generics category. The British Generics Manufacturers Association (BGMA) says there is a “real risk” pharmacies and the NHS could face more shortages later this summer. Two thirds of pharmacies in the UK say they face daily issues with supply chains. Of the 50 generics supplied to the NHS facing supply chain issues, 44 of these don’t have an equivalent alternative.