The impressive throne consists of Brits' favourite carvery trimmings, including Yorkshire puddings, roast potatoes, and vegetables. The royal chair is sat at The Bramley Farm in Altrincham, Manchester, thanks to royal loving managers Julianne Martin and Donna Pilling who wanted to share their “passion” for the upcoming historical event.  Taking it a step further, the pub has even decided to change their name, rebranding to Ma’amhouse Inns until the celebrations are over. Julianne Martin, General Manager at Bramley Farm, said: “We’re all so excited about the Platinum Jubilee, and this incredible throne perfectly combines our love of all things royal with Farmhouse Inns’ best-in-class carvery. “The Jubilee may be a couple of weeks away, but that’s not stopped my team kicking things off early and allowing customers to raise a glass (or fork!) to Her Majesty at Bramley Farm.” Emma Smith, Senior Marketing manager at Farmhouse Inns, said: “The entire nation is coming together to celebrate the last 70 years of Her Majesties reign, so we wanted to make sure Farmhouse Inns across the UK are the perfect place to celebrate, and enjoy our fantastic carvery at the same time.”  The carvery throne was created by food artist Nathan Wyburn, who uses a range of non-traditional items such as household goods and food to create art. Mr Wyburn created a portrait of Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall back in 2018. And it appears customers are loving the new addition to the pub, with users posting the creation on Instagram. One user said: “Well, we have never seen a carvery throne until now!”  READ MORE: Royal Family: Meghan braced for ex-husband to expose story Businesses around the country are gearing up ahead of the Jubilee bank holiday weekend, with many taking part in the occasion. Last week, a takeaway in Wales revealed their bold attempt at creating a blue and red plate of Fish and Chips. Crisp & Fry gained lots of attention online after revealing their startling Jubilee-themed creation. But it’s not only businesses getting involved, as Brits across the country start gearing up for the big weekend by decking out their homes and streets.  DON'T MISS:Anti-Queen posters appear in nine cities days before Jubilee  [PICTURES]Kate Middleton pays tribute to Sussex wedding on eve of their return [COMMENT]‘Tarnished by toxic culture’ Boris rattled as frontbencher RESIGNS [ANALYSIS] A number of street parties are expected to be held, with competitions amongst some villages for who has the best decorated home. Pubs are expected to be packed full during the celebrations, with many taking part in the decorating by featuring banners and bunting. 