Archaeologists unearthed the ancient tomb lying next to the Step Pyramid, in Saqqara, where King Djoser was buried inside. King Djoser was the second pharaoh of the third Dynasty and is well known for building this spectacular structure for his burial in 27 BC. According to Prof Kamil Kuraszkiewicz, from the University of Warsaw's faculty of Oriental Studies, King Djoser "was an important and revered king from the glorious past" and it was highly desirable to be buried beside him. Excavations on the newly discovered tomb began in autumn 2021 and took place in the Dry Moat that surrounds King Djoser’s pyramid. The moat stayed in use for hundreds of years after Djoser’s reign, but in present-day, it is almost completely covered with rubble and sand which was carried from the desert by the wind. The newly unearthed tomb belonged to an official called Mehtjetju, who reportedly had access to top secret royal documents. Prof Kuraszkiewicz said: "The dignitary bore the name Mehtjetju and was, among other things, an official with access to royal sealed — that is secret — documents.” He added that Mehtjetju was “an inspector of the royal estate and a priest of the mortuary cult of King Teti”. Prof Kuraszkiewicz continued: “This means that he most likely lived during the reigns of the first three rulers of the Sixth Dynasty: Teti, Userkare and Pepy I, and thus at about the same time as Merefnebef,” Archaeologists have so far excavated the entrance to the tomb's chapel, revealing hieroglyphic inscriptions, paintings and a relief of Mehtjetju. According to the archaeologists, Mehtjetju’s high social status meant he was able to hire skilled artisans to build the tomb. But it could be the case that the tomb's decoration was not fully completed. Despite this, Prof Ann Macy Roth New York University said that it is still an "interesting tomb" and a "very exciting” discovery. READ MORE: South Africa Omicron strains upgraded to variants of concern Archaeologists are now set to dig deeper in September and in an attempt to unearth the burial chamber of the tomb, which could contain the mummy of Mehtjetju. Researchers are still hopeful that they will find Mehtjetju, despite signs that the tomb was unfinished. Prof. Kuraszkiewicz said: “If he had not been buried there, the tomb would most likely have been taken over by someone else. “The decoration is unfinished probably because the investor died before the work was completed and was buried in the hastily finished tomb,” This comes after researchers made another discovery during a different excavation of a chapel burial shaft in Saqqara. DON'T MISSArchaeology breakthrough after 'astonishing' find in Petra [INSIGHT] Putin's invasion takes another blow as rocket launch fails [REPORT] Meet the agency behind the UK’s defensive nuclear capacity [REVEAL] The tomb belonged also belonged to a royal clerk, who was known as Mehcheczi. The Ancient Egyptian was reportedly in charge of managing the royal estates of Pharaoh Userkare and the team say they found carvings depicting his life. In March, researchers found five ancient tombs with well-preserved paintings at a cemetery in Saqqara. The Ministry of Tourism and Antiquities said the tombs belong to senior officials from the Old Kingdom and First Intermediate period. They are reportedly more than four thousand years old.