Taking to Twitter, a passenger shared a photo of an updated Tube station poster as they travelled on the Central line from Mile End, east London. The photo shows purple labels next to stations that feature on the new Elizabeth line - but as the passenger pointed out, TFL has opted to label it the Elizabeth Line rather than Elizabeth. This is different to how station names have been labelled on other Tube lines, such as Circle, Metropolitan and Hammersmith & City, reports My London. TFL's choice of wording has seen them ridiculed on Twitter, with Tube commuter Daniel Tomlinson expressing his disappointment: "Feeling very disappointed in TfL this morning. "Deciding to label it 'Elizabeth line' rather than 'Elizabeth' is a striking error." He then added: "Are we now to call it the Elizabeth line line? "Change here for the Central, Circle and Elizabeth line lines." Other Twitter users were quick to get involved and offer their take on the labelling 'error'.  One person commented: "Also surely it should have a big L?" To this, another explained: "The [London Underground] convention is that 'line' is always lower case!" Transport for London's Twitter account clarified this and said: "As per our style guide this is with a lower case L." A third commented: "To be honest most Londoners will still call it Crossrail, [it's] been called Crossrail for 15 years and everyone in the rail industry still refers to it as such too." Many people drew comparisons with Battersea Power Station on the Northern line. One pointed out: "TfL seems to be making this a habit. See Battersea Power Station station." However, a social media user explained: "It looks odd. But (thanks to Boris) 'Elizabeth line' is the name of it instead of Crossrail. If it just said 'Elizabeth' it would be the Elizabeth line of the London Underground which is also wrong."    My London’s Transport Correspondent Callum Marius said: "Even though it is technically correct because Elizabeth line is a new 'mode' (like Overground or DLR) and not a Tube line, it is unintelligible to the average passenger." The initial tweet now has over 9,300 likes. The Elizabeth line is due to open in the next few weeks, with no exact date given beyond it being in the first half of 2022. 