Ex-athlete Alina Kabayeva, 38, has long been said to have a romantic affair with Putin. However, new evidence published by Swiss paper Tagesanzeiger suggests the athlete has not only had a long-standing affair with the tyrant - she also has two sons with him. The paper reported that they had spoken to close friend of the gynaecologist who claims to have been present at the birth of Putin and Ms Kabayeva’s first son in 2015. The child was reportedly born at celebrity clinic “Sant’Anna”, near Lake Lugano in Switzerland. Putin, allegedly, was not there for the birth of his son. The report adds that a second son between Putin and Ms Kabayeva was born in 2019. However, this birth took place in Moscow, at Putin’s request. The same gynaecologist was reportedly present - they are of Russian origin and live in Switzerland. The claims suggest that Putin secretly has a three-year-old and seven-year-old son. It is not known where the children and Ms Kabayeva live now, although the Wall Street Journal estimates they are in Cologny near Geneva. Putin is keen to keep his family out of the public eye. He previously said: “I have a private life in which I do not permit interference. It must be respected.” He criticised “those who with their snotty noses and erotic fantasies prowl into others’ lives”. His two daughters from his previous marriage to Lyudmila Shkrebnyova, 64, who split with the despot in 2013, are kept out of the spotlight. One daughter, Dr Maria Vorontsova, 36, reportedly had plans to fly abroad for a tropical beach holiday for her birthday last month. READ MORE: Putin leading Russia to 'civil war' as Chechens eye power grab [REVEAL] But according the General SVR Telegram channel, the plans were shut down by Putin for fears that she may not return to Russia. Ms Kabayeva appears to be given more freedom, however - as long as she is still supporting Putin. Last week the athlete appeared in Moscow’s VTB Arena before the Alina Festival charity event. Her dress featured a Saint George’s bow - a symbol which primarily commemorates Russia’s victory against Nazi Germany. Ms Kabayeva has condemned sanctions against Russian sports and allegedly believes the attack on Ukraine only serves to “protect Donetsk and Luhansk from the Nazis”. DON'T MISS: Care home resident, 83, sends ‘please help me’ text after attack [REVEAL]Energy bills: Full list of British Gas, EDF and Scottish Power bills [ANALYSIS]Granddad turns crusader to get 'justice' for 13,000 speeding motorists [INSIGHT] German newspaper Bild also claims that Putin wants Ms Kabayeva to announce victory over Ukraine at the May 9 Victory Day celebration. The athlete was a deputy of the Kremlin’s United Russia party from 2007 to 2014. Since September 2014 she has been chairwoman of the board of directors of the media group National Media Group, which is loyal to the Kremlin. Research by the Anti-Corruption Foundation founded by imprisoned Putin opponent Alexei Nawalny, 45, revealed that several Russian oligarchs have donated real estate, money and other assets to the family of Putin's mistress, although not always directly. Additional reporting by Monika Pallenberg.