In one of her final episodes before she departs the role of host, Anne Robinson witnessed a bit of history during Friday’s episode of Countdown. Joined by regulars Susie Dent and Rachel Riley, Anne had welcomed reigning champ Ryan Carlsen to the show to see if he could best challenger Sarah Herbert. And best her he did - although the fashion of his victory is one that will remain in the Channel 4 history books. That’s because Sarah failed to rack up a single point during the episode, with Ryan beating her round after round. Sarah even failed to tie with Ryan in any of the rounds, which would mean they’d share points. By the end of the show, Ryan had racked up a triple-digit winning score as he sat on 106 points. Sarah tried to remain upbeat after missing out on the conundrum but it still didn’t alter the fact she’d made history with a score of zero. READ MORE: Eurovision semi-final 2022: Serbia’s Konstrakta causes stir “One, zero, six, congratulations,” Anne said to Ryan at the end of the game before turning her attention to Sarah. The former Weakest Link host said: “Sarah, I’m so sorry. “I hope you’ve enjoyed it today,” Anne added, prompting a surprisingly upbeat Sarah to reply: “I have, thank you.” “I’m sure all the customers will be watching,” Anne said, referring to Sarah’s occupation. But despite the monumental defeat, Sarah spotted the chance for a joke as she quipped: “I hope not.” The Countdown contestant and the rest of the studio let out a laugh before Anne bid farewell to Ryan. “Ryan, we’ll see you Monday. Well done,” Anne said as she turned to Rachel for her opinion. Rachel weighed in: “Well, I think even if you go back to work now, you deserve a stiff drink.” DON'T MISS:Piers Morgan fumes over Jacob Rees-Mogg's interview with BBC's NagaDan Walker shares snap with Helen Skelton after her split from exBBC savaged for removing 'poo' article from website She continued: “He’s a bit good, isn’t he? I totally blame Ryan on this.  “And at least you said ‘randy’ on national telly,” Rachel joked as Sarah replied: “Exactly!”  While Sarah did her best to brush off the historic defeat, many at home were left in disbelief at the unwanted record-breaking loss.  Twitter user @DFTPNK02 sarcastically remarked: “I bet she’s happy about it! Biggest thrashing on #countdown.” She continued: “He’s a bit good, isn’t he? I totally blame Ryan on this. “And at least you said ‘randy’ on national telly,” Rachel joked as Sarah replied: “Exactly!” While Sarah did her best to brush off the historic defeat, many at home were left in disbelief at the unwanted record-breaking loss. Twitter user @DFTPNK02 sarcastically remarked: “I bet she’s happy about it! Biggest thrashing on #countdown.” While @MiddxxMinxx questioned: “Poor Sarah - is this the first 0 score on #Countdown?? #Channel4.” “Rarely get to watch countdown but watching that 106-0 mauling was brutal. #countdown,” Lee Ward weighed in as Donald McCrorie echoed: “Final score 106-0....... An absolute drubbing!! #countdown.” @Mickey60738395 was also in shock: “In all the years I have watched #Countdown I have never seen anyone get no points and it just happened. 106 points to 0.” And @mcrkvn offered their sympathy: “Most awkward #countdown today 106-0 poor girl.” Countdown airs weekdays at 2:10pm on Channel 4.