Mr Klitschko, who has been fighting in Ukraine against the Russian invaders, told Piers Morgan on TalkTV that the support and supplies received from Britain is "so great". Taking time out of his interview to address the British public live from the Ukrainian capital of Kyiv, he said: "I just want to say thank you". He later pleaded for continued help, asking Mr Johnson to not “stop supporting us as long as this war is still going on”. Mr Klitschko said: "I want to use just one moment of this monologue and say thank you to Great Britain and Boris Johnson. "He was trying a lot from early in the beginning to find a way to talk to Putin and how we could prevent the first steps [of the war] that were unfortunately made and lines crossed. "All this support and supplies that we were receiving from the beginning is so great. It is so great to have allies and partners of our nation. I just want to say thank you. "And I want to add: Please don’t stop supporting us as long as this war is still going on because our economy is down to nothing. "We have great will and we stand strong against one of the strongest armies in the world. But our will is stronger than any army or any weapon."    Despite securing the surrender of hundreds of Ukraine’s Azov Brigade in the besieged city of Mariupol today, Russia is "running out of equipment" and faces the prospect of further losses, analysts have said. Experts warned that Russia faces unsustainable troop and equipment losses and their hopes of a breakthrough are narrowing with each day. Konrad Muzyka, director of the Poland-based Rochan consultancy said Russia is either going to be "defeated" or "mobilised", with no middle ground. He said: "I think it's either going to be defeat with the current force posture, or mobilise. I don't think there is any middle ground." READ MORE: Putin the pariah turns to Africa for help [INSIGHT]   Neil Melvin of the RUSI think-tank in London said that despite recent struggles, "Ukrainians are getting stronger almost every day". He said: "Time is definitely working against the Russians. They're running out of equipment. They're running out of particularly advanced missiles. And, of course, the Ukrainians are getting stronger almost every day." And on Russia’s main television channel, a prominent military analyst broke the norm and accused President Putin of manufacturing "informational tranquillisers". Mikhail Khodaryonok, a retired colonel, said that "the situation will frankly get worse for us" as he implored the Russian public to question Putin’s rhetoric. DON'T MISS: Putin's power under threat as Russian leader 'loses trust’ [INSIGHT] Panicked Putin's puppet warns invasion of Eastern Ukraine has 'failed' [REVEAL]Germany slaps down Turkey's NATO objections [REPORT]  But Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov today dismissed suggestions that Russian forces are in jeopardy. He said: "Everything is going to plan ... there's no doubt that all the objectives will be achieved." The comments came as a Ukrainian governor said that Russia had killed seven civilians in the eastern regions. Pavlo Kyrylenko said on his Telegram channel that seven civilians had been killed in the Donetsk region today.   