Tracey Mallaghan appeared on Monday's instalment of This Morning where she was given the opportunity to respond to Sherrilyn Speid's driving ban. Sherrilyn was filmed using her Range Rover to drive at an Insulate Britain protestor who was blocking the M25 during the school run. The mother-of-one revealed to ITV viewers how the driving ban has negatively impacted her life, but Tracey responded by simply saying: "Sorry love." Sherrilyn, from Grays, Essex, was filmed losing her temper at eco-warriors who had spent weeks blocking major roads, including the M25.She used her £80,000 Range Rover to "nudge" an Insulate Britain activist and was later taken to court, issued a £240 fine and banned from driving for a year.The 35-year-old opened up to hosts Rochelle Humes and Phillip Schofield about how difficult her life has become since the ban and explained she was struggling with anxiety.However, activist Tracey bluntly responded saying: "Sorry love." READ MORE: Lorraine staggered by Andrew's 'fat cow' comment to ex Sarah After finding herself at the centre of the chaos in October 2021 while on the school run, Sherrilyn was filmed taking drastic action against demonstrators - by "jerking her car into the backs of protesters". Talking to Phillip and Rochelle about her driving ban, she said: "It’s going to impact my life a lot. "My son plays football - I can’t take him to football, I can’t visit my mum as often as I’d like to - she’s got MS - she does need me to be there quite often.  "I’m not able to live my normal life, but I’m not going to let it get me down." Phillip asked if she regretted nudging two activists and Sherrilyn said, “Yeah of course, of course, I do.” On whether she wishes she hadn’t done that, Sherrilyn commented: “Yeah, yeah I do.” Activist Tracey Mallaghan said she doesn’t think the courts have handled it correctly.  DON'T MISS...Holly Willoughby faces backlash as she misses This Morning again [LATEST]Martin Lewis warns 'we have very good idea of what is coming' [UPDATE]Phillip Schofield admits he's deleted Twitter over 'vile' trolls [INSIGHT] She argued: “How does it benefit society that a hard-working single mum who’s never been in trouble caught up in an unprecedented event, that they take her licence away? "I wouldn’t blame it on the police on the streets, it’s people above them.” She told Sherrilyn: “Sorry, love." She blames the Government for not doing more to tackle climate change, adding: “I had no idea there was a climate crisis until 2019 and I heard about it because of protesters."  Viewers were shocked by Tracey's blunt reaction with Jen saying: "'Sorry love’, I’m lost for words #thismorning." @TashAmaka fumed: "So you’re laughing Tracey at what you caused. While pretending to care. Why the hell was she invited to talk on? #ThisMorning" (sic) Angie added: "#ThisMorning 'Sorry love', Oh well, all is forgiven! She doesn't look impressed!" (sic) This Morning continues weekdays at 10am on ITV. 