Easyjet has cancelled several flights in and out of Belfast International Airport today following IT system issues. The disruption was expected to affect flights leaving or arriving at the airport between 1pm and 3pm BST, though some flights beyond this period have also been cancelled. Journeys across the UK and Europe have been cancelled throughout the day,  including flights to and from Bristol Interational, London Gatwick, Manchester, Corfu and Amsterdam. Here is a full list of all the easyjet flighs which have been cancelled today. At least 200 easyjet flights scheduled to take place today have been cancelled across the network. In a statement released at 6pm BST, the arline confirmed that issues have ben resolved, though disruption could continue into the evening. Easyjet said: "Today's IT system issues have now been resolved. "Although we expect to operate most of our remaining flights today, we'd advise anyone due to travel with us this evening to check Flight Tracker on the mobile app, or online before travelling to the airport. Thank you for your understanding." Flights due to depart from Belfast International Airport which have been cancelled are: READ MORE: Manchester Airport chaos as flights grounded as 'armed police' step in Flights due to arrive at Belfast International Airport which have been cancelled are:  A spokesperson for the budget airline said: "While we expect to operate most of our remaining flying programme some may still be subject to some disruption in the coming hours. "We advise customers due to travel with us to continue to check Flight Tracker for the status of their flight before making their way to the airport. "We apologise for the inconvenience caused and customers can apply for compensation in line with regulations." Easyjet also tweeted passengers to say that they "apologise to all customers whose flights have been affected by IT system issues.". DON'T MISS:Two 'magic' ways you might an upgrade on your next flight [INSIGHT]easyJet issues cause chaos’ at UK airports [LATEST]TUI cancels more flights and holidays to Sri Lanka [ANALYSIS]  Airports across the UK have been affected by the disruption, with multiple flight paths experiencing cancellations throughout the afternoon and into this evening. Some of cancellations (including round-trips) from key UK airports include: 