Food recalls are issued when there is a health and safety problem, such as an undeclared ingredient on a label. This could cause harm to people who are allergic to certain ingredients. Food brand White Rabbit Pizza is the latest company to recall some of its food products. It is recalling three types of pizza and a calzone. These products are currently sold in Sainsbury’s and Waitrose. White Rabbit Pizza products have previously been stocked in The Co-op too. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to remove limescale from toilets - ‘cheap trick’ The Food Standards Agency (FSA) published the food recall on its website, saying: “White Rabbit Pizza is recalling White Rabbit Smokin Vegan Gluten Free Pizza, White Rabbit Vegan Gardener Gluten Free Pizza, White Rabbit Chick’n Arrabbiata Pizza and White Rabbit Chick’n & Pesto Calzone because they contain milk which is not mentioned on the label. “This means the products are a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents.” The White Rabbit Smokin Vegan Gluten Free Pizza is 353g in size and all batch codes the use by dates of May 30, May 32, June 1, and June 2 are affected. The White Rabbit Vegan Gardener Gluten Free Pizza comes in a pack 340g in size, with all batch codes with the use by dates of May 30, May 31, June 1, and June 2 affected. DON'T MISS:Why this week is the best time to clean your BBQ - exact date [REVEAL]How to sharpen your lawn mower blades - safest method [INSIGHT]How to grow an avocado from the stone - 3 key steps [ANALYSIS] All batch codes are also affected when it comes to the White Rabbit Chick’n Arrabbiata Pizza, which is 370g in size and has use by dates of June 1, June 3, and June 4. Meanwhile, the White Rabbit Chick’n & Pesto Calzone is 290g in size and all batch codes with the use by dates of June 2 and June 3 are once again affected. The FSA explained the action taken by the company to rectify the issue. It stated: “White Rabbit Pizza is recalling the above products from customers and have been advised to contact the relevant allergy support organisations, which will tell their members about the recall. “The company has issued a point-of-sale notice to its customers. “These notices explain to customers why the products are being recalled and tell them what to do if they have bought the products.” In its statement, White Rabbit Pizza said: “If you have bought the product detailed above, and you have an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents, or follow a vegan diet, do not eat it. “Please return the packs to the store where it was bought for a full refund. “For further enquiries please email us at hello@whiterabbitpizza.co.uk.” The FSA also advised customers what to do if they have bought one of the White Rabbit Pizza products. It said: “If you have bought the above products and have an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents do not eat them. “Instead return them to the store from where they were bought for a full refund.” The White Rabbit The Smokin' Vegan Pizza is sold at Sainsbury’s and Waitrose, while The White Rabbit Pizza Co. The Vegan Gardener is currently stocked only at Waitrose.