Iago Aspas has declared his support for Real Madrid in the Champions League final despite his ‘appreciation’ for his former club Liverpool. The 34-year-old’s comments came when asked in an interview with Spanish outlet Cadena Ser following Liverpool’s 5-2 aggregate defeat of Villarreal and Real Madrid’s dramatic comeback 6-5 aggregate semi-final win over Manchester City. The two European giants will now face off in Paris on May 28 in a repeat of the 2018 final. “I have a lot of appreciation for Liverpool,” said the Celta Vigo striker. “But I prefer Real Madrid to win because it gives a lot more hype to La Liga.” The Spaniard endured a torrid time at Liverpool after joining from Celta in a £9million deal in 2013. He appeared 15 times, scoring just once in a 2-0 FA Cup third-round victory against then League 1 side Oldham Athletic. He was loaned out to Sevilla for the 2014/15 season before leaving permanently to rejoin Celta for around £5 million in 2015. MUST READ Man City plot 'explosive' Paul Pogba bid as Man Utd midfielder considers switch    His career has however improved significantly since his return to La Liga. He has scored 117 goals in 261 games for Celta, which has seen him earn 18 caps for the Spanish national team. Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp, meanwhile, has described the final as ‘destiny’ and a chance to avenge their 2018 defeat. “When we lost that final, my ideal solution was to play Real Madrid again,” said the Liverpool manager. “Madrid seems to be our destiny." The Champions League final would be an opportunity for Liverpool to seal a historic quadruple should they manage to win the Premier League and FA Cup over the next few weeks. The German was keen to focus on the games immediately in front of the Anfield side. DON'T MISS Man Utd insiders explain why Ralf Rangnick was denied January transfer for new striker Chelsea confirm new ownership group as Todd Boehly signs purchase deal Man Utd boss Rangnick lists three targets he wanted after Greenwood arrest and slams board  He added: “We were not happy that night, but that was a while ago. But I am happy to go there and give it a try, but until then there are a lot of games.” Liverpool are evidently still pained by their 2018 defeat against Madrid, with Mohamed Salah this week reiterating his desire to take revenge for the 3-1 loss in Kiev. "If you ask everybody [at Liverpool ], everyone wanted that game," Salah told Sky Sports. "I don't know why we're not allowed to talk about it but I'm ok to talk about it - I wanted that game! I wanted to play Real Madrid before that game [against Manchester City]. "Of course, I'm not giving too much credit to them. They're an unbelievable team with a great coach, great players. When they asked me who I wanted, I said Madrid. It's an easy answer." Pressed on whether he wanted to get payback, he added: “Yes…we lost in the final. It was a sad day for all of us and now it’s revenge time.” 