Cancer often slips under the radar at first, with many people spotting symptoms later on its development. This leads to poor survival rates because cancerous growth becomes more resistant to treatment the longer it's left. Prevention is therefore better than a cure. Although there are no known ways to prevent cancer, certain dietary items have been linked to an increased risk. The role diet plays in determining cancer risk is controversial: large population studies have to be conducted and there are many confounding factors that can influence results. Nonetheless, research continues to prompt further investigations into specific items. According to Doctor Earim Chaudry, Medical Director at men's health platform Manual, there are four everyday food items that raise concerns, although further investigations are needed to establish a direct cause. Hydrogenated vegetable oils - a type of fat that food manufacturers use to keep foods fresher for longer - has raised alarm bells, the doc said. READ MORE: Cancer breakthrough as 3 simples measures may reduce risk in over 70s by 61% He cited research which found that hydrogenated vegetable oils are linked to an increased risk of developing prostate cancer. "This is a result of trans fats that are drenched in these oils," the doc said. He continued: "Known as the worst type of fat there is, trans fats are known to contribute to cancer, heart disease and immune system problems. "What’s more, vegetable oils are loaded with unhealthy omega-6 fats which are linked to heart disease and cancer." DON'T MISSCovid: Two symptoms you should take 'really seriously' [ADVICE]Erectile dysfunction can signal two life-threatening conditions [TIPS]High cholestrol: Signs of 'excess cholesterol' in your body [INSIGHT] It's important to note that the World Cancer Research Fund has found no evidence that eating vegetable and seed oils in moderation increases the risk of cancer. However, "fats and oils are high in calories and are often found in processed foods such as cakes, pastries and biscuits. We know that frequently consuming high-calorie processed food can contribute to weight gain, overweight and obesity, which in turn can increase your risk of at least 12 different cancers", the health body notes. Research shows salted foods, especially pickled vegetables and salted or pickled fish, can be a significant risk factor for developing gastric cancer, warned Doctor Chaudry. The doc continued: "Scientifically speaking, studies have demonstrated that salt can damage the lining of the stomach and cause lesions, which are areas of body tissues that have been damaged. When left to develop, this reaction can cause stomach cancer." According to research published in Diabetes Care, high blood sugar levels can alarmingly trigger cancer tumours, he reported. According to the doc, refined sugar, which originates from sugar extracted from foods such as cane, sugar beets, and corn, is one to watch. He explained: "The processed nature of refined sugars can cause cancer cells to metabolise in the body. As well as this, these sugars may increase an individual’s risk of developing obesity, type 2 diabetes and heart disease." It must be noted that other health bodies refute this association. "There’s no good evidence that refined sugar or other types of sugar cause cancer," says Cancer Research UK. Nonetheless, "too much sugar in our diets can make it harder to keep a healthy weight", warns the charity. Being overweight or obese does increase the risk of cancer. According to the NHS, a body mass index (BMI) of 25 to 29.9 means you're overweight.