The umpire of the French Open class between Stefanos Tsistipas and Lorenzo Musetti was almost struck from a wayward, mishit shot in what could have resulted in a ‘nasty’ injury. Tsitsipas kicked off his week in Roland Garros against Musetti, who proved more than a tough test for the world No. 4. In the early stages it looked as if the Parisian crowd were set to witness an upset, as the Italian stormed into a two set lead by taking the opener 7-5 and the second set 6-4. Musetti’s remarkable start was not short of drama though, as a mishit shot saw him nearly take out umpire Aurelie Tourte. During the opening set, the Italian miscued a backhand that flew in the direction of the on-watching official. Fortunately, Tourte showed quick reactions to quickly move out of the way of the ball flying towards her. Following the near miss, relieved commentator Chris Bradman said: “That could have been nasty.” The composed umpire quickly moved her microphone back into position, before calling advantage for Tsitsipas followed by a smile in the direction of Musetti, who looked to have offered his apology. Despite being in a commanding position in the game the Italian squandered his chances, just as he did in last year’s event against Novak Djokovic. JUST IN: Andrey Rublev warns Wimbledon 'may destroy tennis' and undo Federer, Nadal, Djokovic work On the brink of elimination, Tsitispas quickly hit back to ensure his week at Roland Garros would continue by winning three sets on the bounce. The Greek star found his A-game at the perfect time by winning the third and fifth set 6-2, and the fourth 6-3 to claim a nail-biting 3-2 victory. After the match, the world No. 4 admitted that at two sets down he thought his tournament was as good as over. He said: “You never really think about getting back after being two sets to love. You just play it point after point. You just wish that your efforts will pay off on a longer scale, longer run. DON'T MISSRoger Federer sends classy message to Jo-Wilfried Tsonga after emotional retirementRafael Nadal's French Open opponent opens up on 'relentless pressure' of facing SpaniardNovak Djokovic 'not looking forward to' facing ex-coach Marian Vajda at French Open “You know, being in that situation is like, it's a mountain that you have to climb, and I was able to climb it and regain the momentum steadily but consistently.” Talking post-match, Tsitsipas also had praise for his opponent, adding: “He's fighting. He's a talented player that has a very nice one-handed backhand. He knows the game on clay. “He has grown up playing in these courts. He's definitely a difficult opponent to face in any circumstance really.” Following on from his epic victory over the Italian, the world No. 4 will now turn his attention to his second round clash against Czech qualifier Zdeněk Kolář, who he will take on tomorrow.