   Amber Heard, 36, met billionaire Elon Musk, 50, and believed him to be a “real gentleman” after her ex-husband Johnny Depp, 58, “stood her up” on the red carpet, the court heard. The actress took to the stand yesterday for a third day of testimony in the highly-publicised multi-million-dollar defamation trial after a one-week hiatus.     Amber claimed she began conversing with Tesla founder Elon on the red carpet at the Met Gala event, which was held in New York City on May 2, 2016. The actress told the court in Fairfax, Virginia yesterday that she and her then-husband Johnny had planned to attend the event together as guests of Ralph Lauren. However, the court heard how Johnny “stood her up” on the red carpet, giving Amber the opportunity to meet “real gentleman” Elon. The Met Gala came not long after Amber’s 30th birthday - a time in which Amber said she was “attacked” by her ex Johnny. READ MORE: Dan Walker spurned by Sally Nugent as she refuses to appear in video    The Aquaman actress went on to tell the court she was unable to find out if Johnny would still be joining her at the event. She claimed this was because she didn’t have a phone at the time thanks to Johnny throwing it out of the window. Amber told the court: “I wasn’t sure what was going on or when he would show up or if he would show up. “I had no way of knowing,” she added.      The court heard that Amber walked the red carpet by herself and “sat next to an empty place setting for Johnny” after he “effectively stood her up on the carpet”. She went on to describe how she had met Elon whilst walking the red carpet alone. Amber told the court that the Tesla founder was “a gentleman” and that he had attended the event with his mother. “I was standing in line right in front of a gentleman. It was Elon,” she said. READ MORE... Louise Minchin says husband's warning prompted Breakfast exit [INSIGHT] Holly Willoughby stuns fans as she strips off for selfie after shower [LATEST] Rebekah Vardy was 'more interested in taking selfies' than football [UPDATE]     “I didn’t recognise him at first. We started talking and he had reminded me that we had met once before.” Amber then detailed how their acquaintance blossomed into a friendship. “He seemed like a real gentleman. He was really nice,” she said. “He sat at a nearby table and we got to speaking that night and then eventually became friends.”      Amber and Elon are believed to have dated on and off between 2016 and 2018 and the SpaceX CEO was named on her witness list for the trial. During opening statements, Amber’s lawyers claimed Johnny was “obsessed” with Elon. Her agent Christian Carino previously testified at the trial that Amber and Elon were dating around the same time that she was attempting to reconcile with Johnny. Johnny is suing his ex-wife for defamation, while Amber is counter-suing him for what she has described as a “smear campaign”, in a trial that began on April 11 and that continues to play out.  