Flooring can trap stubborn odours when dirt is left to build up - especially on the surface of wood or in the fibres of soft carpet. While regular vacuuming is one way to keep dirt, dust and stains at bay, it will only do half a job at removing unpleasant smells. Baking soda is the ideal ingredient to use to banish dirt and odours, but how exactly should you use it on different types of household flooring? Household flooring can cling to the strong smell of smoke, pet urine and other organic stains, leaving the entire room smelling unpleasant. Luckily, baking soda can be used on almost any type of floor material and will work well to reduce odours while deep-cleaning the surface. Sprinkling this neutral powder on the floor before vacuuming is the easiest way to revive nasty-smelling floors, but there are several other methods you can use for an even deeper clean. READ MORE: Top home remedies for getting rid of ants - 'they didn't come back' Floorboards, laminate and vinyl are all easy to keep clean, but they could benefit from a baking soda scrub every once in a while. Whether you’re dealing with organic spillages or are trying to unearth a stubborn smokey odour, this pantry staple will work wonders on any type of smell. Start by vacuuming or sweeping the floor to remove surface residue before sprinkling the entire area with baking soda. Apply a generous amount of mild dish soap to the floor, using a clean broom to work the two ingredients into a foamy consistency. Brush the baking soda and soap in small, circular motions until the entire floor is soapy and white. Fill a large bucket with hot water and mop the cleansing solution up until the surface is clean. Repeat the mopping process until all traces of baking soda have been removed. Pour the dirty mop water down the toilet and leave the area to dry completely. Reveal a clean, shiny and fresh-smelling floor. DON'T MISS:Why this week is the best time to clean your BBQ - exact date [REVEAL]How to sharpen your lawn mower blades - safest method [INSIGHT]How to grow an avocado from the stone - 3 key steps [ANALYSIS] Take a clean, empty jar and poke a few small holes in the lid of the container. Fill the shaker with baking soda and add five to 10 drops of essential oil. Shake well and sprinkle onto rugs, carpets or bath mats and leave to sit for at least half an hour. While you wait, the baking soda will neutralise stubborn odours while the fragrant oils will lightly scent the fluffy fibres. Vacuum the baking soda up and use a carpet brush to comb through the clean surface. You will need to do this regularly to lift strong smells like smoke. Baking soda can be used to lift stains from tile grout while reducing musty smells. To make an effective cleaning solution, mix half a cup of water with half a cup of liquid washing detergent. Add one cup of baking soda along with two tablespoons of white vinegar, and stir into a fragrant liquid. Pour into an empty spray bottle and spritz all over the tiled floor before mopping up. Scrub well with the mop and leave to dry completely. This method can also be used on small areas of carpets to remove pet urine or other stains.