Deniz Jaffer and Jamie Lewis were each jailed at the Old Bailey for 33 months but later appealed against their sentence. Earlier this month, appeal judges Dame Victoria Sharp, Mrs Justice McGowan and Mrs Justice Farbey rejected their appeal. However, the two sisters’ mother Mina has revealed the impact their appeal has had on her ahead of the release of the BBC Two documentary Two Daughters. Nicole and Bibaa were reported missing in June 2020 after being last seen in Fryent Country Park in North West London and were later discovered murdered by Nicole’s boyfriend Adam. The family of the sisters were forced to search the park themselves as the police did not immediately send anyone. Mina believes if her daughters were white, the police would have sent officers and photographs would not have been taken of her daughters’ murdered bodies. The first Black female archdeacon in the Church of England has spoken previously about the importance her faith has in her life. READ MORE: 'He's awful!' Question of Sport fans slam captain's sports knowledge Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press, Mina was asked how she feels about being asked about topics such as structural racism and her faith. She said: “Do I get exhausted? Yes, I do. Because I've got CFS (Chronic fatigue syndrome) and fibromyalgia and I suffer with mental health issues. “So I have to pace myself. I know what I can do, what I can't do. And just to top it off this recent experience, I now have PTSD. “It's like, ‘Bring it on,’ and if I get exhausted it’s because of my condition.” “I think the worst burden,” she continued. “I think the worst experience was this last week when we went to the appeal. “I sat there and I could feel my heart pounding and I knew my blood pressure [was high]. “I was thinking, ‘Am I going to embarrass myself here and have a heart attack or a stroke?’ It was so bad and so I'm human like everybody else. “The irony is Jaffa was talking about his wife who has fibromyalgia and I sat there thinking, ‘Yeah right, you should have thought of that when you were taking photos.’” “And to find out that he has two teenage daughters. How can you separate yourself as a parent and do that to someone else?” Mina questioned. “It's got to be your worst nightmare if you're a parent.” “It doesn't feel like a burden [being asked about structural racism] and I genuinely feel when I'm asked that question that it's not just somebody wanting their moment with the microphone to ask that question,” she said. “Maybe they just want to see it in real life, they've seen it on the telly or they've heard it on the radio, but they want to kind of see me say it to them. “I don't feel burdened. I'm excited about women's groups that are coming together and taking control of the narrative. That's what we need them to do and people of colour.” Despite being let down by the Met, Mina added: “I don't believe that things can't be reformed and changed. “But we have to keep our foot on the pedal because it takes energy and it takes a desire to enact and change things. “Things just don't change overnight. I have more faith in the police than probably people think I do. I give credit where credit's due, I’ve done that.” In reference to Nicole and Bibaa's case, a representative for the Metropolitan Police told Express.co.uk: “We have apologised wholeheartedly to Bibaa and Nicole’s family for the actions of PCs Jaffer and Lewis. Their behaviour was utterly repugnant and horrifying to us all and they are in prison because of it. “PC Lewis was dismissed without notice and it was determined that former PC Jaffer, who had resigned, would have been dismissed without notice had he still been a serving officer. “Part of rebuilding trust is making it impossible for such behaviour to be seen as acceptable, telling the public where we have got it wrong and what we are doing about it, and removing officers who have behaved in such an awful way. The Independent Office for Police Conduct and others thoroughly scrutinise our actions. Two Daughters airs on BBC Two on Sunday at 9pm. Victim Support is dedicated to supporting victims of crime and traumatic incidents in England and Wales. More information can be found here. Reclaiming These Streets aims to make the streets a safe space for women and Million Women Rise is a Black women led collective of women resisting all forms of male violence against women and girls.