Piers Morgan was outraged at support for Meghan Markle to potentially embark on a US political career. Valerie Biden Owens, sister of the US President Joe Biden, backed the potential for the Duchess of Sussex to become involved in American politics. She said: "We embrace all women and we welcome her to come in and join the Democratic party."    Pier Morgan reacted: "What? Is that a joke?” The Talk TV host was irritated at the suggestion of Meghan Markle campaigning for the role of US president. He said: "Perhaps there is somebody out there less suited to becoming the leader of the free world but I can’t currently think of one." Mr Morgan suggested the speculation had the potential to become reality as Meghan received the support of the President’s sister.    He added: "I wouldn’t put anything past this Princess Pinocchio who probably sees the White House as a perfectly feasible next run on her relentless climb up the social ladder. "I’m sure she looked at Donald Trump’s success in 2016 and thought to herself: TV star, zero political experience, craves money, deeply polarising, massive narcissist and not currently talking to Piers Morgan." Mr Morgan’s suggested list of thoughts was accompanied by an audio effect of tick box sounds. He added: "She also needs a new career - let’s face it. Read more: Queen 'deploys ring of steel' to stop Harry and Meghan documentary bid  "Her children’s book bombed, her Spotify podcast has barely been heard, Netflix just cancelled her animated series and the Queen has banned her and hypocrite Harry from the Palace balcony at the Platinum Jubilee. "Meghan’s doing the maths and already planning the world’s wokest inauguration speech, just don’t say I didn’t warn you." Piers Morgan highlighted the recent Netflix cancellation of Meghan’s animated children’s series ‘Pearl’. Don't miss:Britons divided over thought of Platinum Jubilee balcony without Queen [REVEAL]Meghan Markle beats Kate and Diana with most popular wedding dress [INSIGHT]Royals 'terrified' as Harry and Meghan forecast to bring crew to UK [REPORT] But despite Piers Morgan's lack of support, the prospect of Meghan Markle entering the White House appears to have gained support. A Democracy Institute/Express.co.uk poll returned the Duchess of Sussex as the second preferred female candidate for the presidency behind Michelle Obama. Hilary Clinton comes six points behind Donald Trump on 47 percent to 41 percent in a head-to-head. However, the next best performer against Trump is the Duchess of Sussex who polls seven points behind 46 percent to 39 percent. Prince Harry and Meghan recently confirmed they would be visiting the UK to attend the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The couple will not stand alongside the Monarch in the historic balcony appearance as the display will only include working Royals. There has been speculation the Duke and Duchess will use elements of the Platinum Jubilee as content for their documentary, secured in a deal with streaming giant Netflix, but there is no suggestion that they will.   