The Google Pixel 6a has officially been unveiled today at Google IO 2022, with the budget Android phone hitting shelves in a few months time Orders will first go live on July 21 with the release date for the Pixel 6a a week later on July 28. Like last year's eye-catching Pixel 6 and Pixel 6 Pro, the Pixel 6a features the same distinct and stylish horizontal rear camera bump that the 2021 flagships first sported. While the new budget phone will also use the same Tensor 5G chip that powered Google's flagship handsets from last year. Tensor marks a new era for Google, and is the Mountain View firm's first ever custom-made phone chip which offers big AI perks. The Pixel 6a will be available to buy in three colour schemes - sage, chalk and charcoal - and Google says the handset will offer all day battery life. The handset also benefits from IP67 water resistance, so you don't need to worry about getting your phone out in the rain or accidentally getting it wet, plus it boasts a generous 6.1inch screen which will give you plenty of space to binge your favourite boxsets or watch movies on the go.  ‌If this sounds like something you're interested in the great news is you won't need to break the bank to upgrade to a Google Pixel 6a. The budget Android handset - which will offer five years worth of security updates - is priced at £399.  The Pixel 6a was unveiled as the Mountain View firm held - for the first time in three years - an in-person IO event. The landmark, annual Google showcase was held in front of a limited live audience, as well as being broadcast to millions of people around the world online.  And those who tuned in were treated to a blockbuster showing. Besides the Google Pixel 6a reveal, the Mountain View firm also surprised fans by giving them the first ever look at the Pixel 7 as well as at last unveiling its long-awaited Pixel Watch. Google also revealed the Pixel Buds Pro, teased its upcoming Pixel Tablet and announced that the Android 13 beta programme has officially begun today (Wednesday May 11). 