The Duke of Cambridge made a last-minute trip to the United Arab Emirates following the death of the country's ruler Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan to offer condolences on behalf of the Queen who could not attend. Speaking on the latest episode of Royally Us, hosts Christina Garibaldi and Christine Ross spoke of the Duke's "huge honour" in representing the monarch. Speaking on the episode, Ms Garibaldi said: "This is the first time Queen Elizabeth has asked Prince William to represent her following the death of a foreign ruler. "Prince William travelled to the United Arab Emirates to pay condolences following the death of Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed al Nahyan, President of the United Arab Emirates and ruler of Abu Dhabi. "Prince William met with Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan, who has been appointed as president of the United Arab Emirates". Ms Garibaldi added: "He [William] was seen there speaking and, this was kind of a big deal, this is the first time the Queen has asked Prince William to represent her following the death of a foreign ruler". READ MORE: Why Pippa Middleton didn't make Kate her bridesmaid — ‘tricky situation’ Ms Ross said: "This is really interesting, I think, recently Prince Charles represented the Queen following the death of a foreign sovereign but Prince Charles and Camilla are in Canada [between May 17 and 19] on this big Jubilee tour. "It was a huge honour for her to have asked William to go on her behalf. She added: "When you look at the list of other foreign royals who, you know, did the same thing, it is the Kings and Queens of these nations, of Spain and The Netherlands and other countries throughout Europe, so it's a huge honour for William to be there. "He did a great job representing the Queen and the United Kingdom." READ MORE: Harry and Meghan hoping for 'favourable publicity' by bringing Archie and Lili to Jubilee Ms Garibaldi added: "It shows that he's taking on more and more responsibility, you know, each and every week". Prince William flew in overnight to UAE. Prime Minister Boris Johnson flew in on May 15. Sheikh Khalifa passed away on May 13. DON'T MISS 'Her memory is incredible' Royal chef lays bare Queen's sharp mind [INSIGHT] 'Loves it in French!' Queen sends menu back if chef makes an error [REVEAL]Platinum Jubilee: How to make your own bunting celebrate Queen [INSIGHT] In a post on Twitter, the British Embassy in UAE wrote: “The Duke of Cambridge met with HH Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan today to pay his sincere condolences following the death of HH Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan. William has been taking on a number of duties on behalf of the Queen in recent months. His most recent duty, prior to the United Arab Emirate visit, was his attendance at the State Opening of Parliament, alongside his father Prince Charles.