Putin will either take a bullet through the head courtesy of a nearby general who has had enough of his country being pillaged and ruined by a mad old crook on the make, or he will simply die of the cancer which is so clearly ravaging his body. Cancer on the whole gets a terrifically bad press, and I should know, I've just had one. But I think we should all be on our doorsteps tonight clanging pots and pans in support of the heroic carcinoma currently ravaging Vladimir Putin's body. You go cancer! Because this cancer (which admittedly may turn out to be Parkinson's) is doing more to hasten the end of this grotesque war than pretty much anything or anyone else. Today we were told, via Telegram, that Putin underwent cancer surgery over the weekend. We can only hope it was unsuccessful and that he continues to suffer a pitiful decline. We bone-idle, witless media types are in the habit of prefacing the name Vladimir Putin with the words "Russian strongman". And for this work the Kremlin PR department no doubt thanks us, saving them, as it does, a fortune in setting up bots factories in St Petersburg. But he's not is he? He started out as a very low-level KGB agent, sent to Dresden in East Germany where, frankly, all the KGB losers were sent. He then became a jumped-up bagman for very serious organised crime in St Petersburg (in whose blood-ridden debt he remains) then he just basically spent the rest of his career stealing money from the Russian people. If only Yeltsin hadn't been such an infirm old drunk whose passing created a yawning power vacuum (which frankly could have been filled by any passing monkey) we would have a very different Russia right now.  We might be looking at an economically thriving Russia that for the first time ever built cars or washing machines people actually wanted to buy, a Russia pushing at joining Europe, hell a Russia pushing at joining NATO. Instead, we have a Russia wilfully and knowingly committing murderous war crimes, killing its own children (have you seen their "soldiers"? They're barely shaving) and destroying its own economy for decades to come. Because one thing is certain – when all this is over there will be no Marshall Plan for Moscow. The West will be falling over itself to rebuild Ukraine in its own image and likeness – and will spare almost no amount of dollars and pounds and euros. This is not just morally right but good business – the country is famously the breadbasket of Europe and possesses vast tracts of natural gas. Kyiv will make a marvellous trading partner. Win or lose this war Ukraine will ultimately emerge victoriously. Even if she is forced to cede Donbas. Because frankly no one will want to live in "Russian" Donbas where hunger, want and insurgency will be real prospects while next door there is a bright shiny new Ukraine stronger, richer and more important in the geopolitical scheme of things than ever. Meanwhile, Russia will be isolated, hated, poor and weak.  Joe Biden set the ground rules last night on his visit to Japan and said: "Russia has to pay a long-term price" for its "barbarism in Ukraine," adding "if the sanctions are not continued to be sustained in many ways, then what signal does that send to China about the cost of attempting to take Taiwan by force?" Quite. Even Putin's top brass are starting to realise what a catastrophic mess their dying idiot leader has left them in, in his pitiful, hubristic attempt to leave a legacy. Former air defence commander Mikhail Khodaryonok, until recently a Putin ally, said on TV: "We are in full geopolitical isolation. However much we would hate to admit this, virtually the entire world is against us." And he's right. We don't just hate Putin, it's rank and file Russians too who have definitely slipped down our Christmas card list. There's some kickback against the war, but there's an awful lot of support too. "But they're too scared," come the cries of the assorted befuddled peaceniks and Russian apologists. And sure Putin's Russia is a bit touchy when it comes to protesting, but remember this is the country which practically invented the modern uprising against the state.  If ever another Russian revolution were needed it would be about now. Or as Yuri Shevchuk, lead singer of Russian rock band DDT, put it rather more pithily: "The motherland, my friends, is not the president’s a** that has to be slobbered over and kissed all the time." Viva la revolution comrades. 