Charles, 73, and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, 74, kick off their three-day tour of Canada today. Their visit is expected to address climate change and the reconciliation of the country’s indigenous population, and will take in St. John’s, Newfoundland and Labrador, Ottawa and Yellowknife. Canada is one of the 15 realms of the Commonwealth where the Queen is still the head of state. Britain’s longest-serving monarch, who stopped travelling overseas in 2015, celebrates her Platinum Jubilee this summer, and ahead of a string of events to mark her 70-year reign, her son and heir Prince Charles has gradually taken on more of her roles. He and his son Prince William filled in for the Queen earlier this month for the State Opening of Parliament after she pulled out due to “episodic mobility problems”. While many have questioned to what extent Charles may fill in for the Queen in the near-future, Marlene Koenig, a royal historian, says it is no surprise that she is increasingly delegating her duties to the Prince of Wales. The US-based writer and librarian has researched Britain’s Royal Family for more than 40 years. Speaking to Express.co.uk, she said: “He has been taking on more. JUST IN: Prince Harry issues social media warning over 'dangerous content' for Archie and Lilibet “The fact that William was there too. That was his first time in Parliament. “But they were there as counsellors of state. It is not a surprise. “You have a Sovereign who is 96 years old and an heir who is in his seventies — so, it is not surprising that she is delegating.” Although the Queen has pulled out of some recent royal engagements due to her mobility issues, the monarch is still doing some light desk work, according to Ms Koenig. The historian claimed that Her Majesty is sharing the workload of her daily red boxes with Charles, which contain documents from the Queen’s Cabinet and the Foreign and Commonwealth Office. The Queen signs some of the papers in her role as head of state, while others are purely to update her on what is going on in Government. Ms Koenig said: “She is still signing off on things and is sharing the red boxes with Charles.DON'T MISS: Queen delights fans with reaction to Helen Mirren’s performance at Jubilee celebration [LATEST]Queen has embraced technology ‘very well’ in becoming a ‘Zoom monarch’ [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Do you think Royal Family is becoming too political? [ANALYSIS] “William, of course, is not included in that, because he has no constitutional role yet, but I think it is also good for him because he will be King. “His father could live another 20 years. But I think it is inevitable. “I think we will see more of it after the Jubilee, depending on the Queen’s health.” Despite her mobility issues, the Queen has still been making the effort to attend some royal engagements in the run-up to her Jubilee. On Tuesday, she headed to London’s Paddington Station with her youngest son Prince Edward to see the new Elizabeth line of the capital’s transport network. Her Majesty also visited the Windsor Horse Show on Friday and was the guest of honour at the ‘A Gallop Through History’ event near Windsor on Sunday.