Eurovision 2022 is coming to the BBC this week with the first of two semi-finals starting tomorrow, May 10. Coverage of the event, in Italy, will be airing across the week on various platforms until the grand final on Saturday. There will be three hosts this year and Express.co.uk has the latest. An unlikely host this year, pop star Mika will be taking to the stage in Italy to get the party going. The Lebanese singer was born in Beirut and grew up in Paris, France. His family settled in London when he was nine years old and he became a household name with his track Grace Kelly. On why he is hosting Eurovision this year, the star told The One Show: "I have done television in Italy. "I learnt to speak Italian just because I got this opportunity to go and do The X Factor in Italy. "I learnt in a couple of months, luckily my Italian is better now." READ MORE: Doctor Who writer details real reason Ncuti Gatwa landed Time Lord Alessandro Cattelan is a 41-year-old Italian TV and radio presenter. He is perhaps best known for hosting the Italian version of Total Request Live. The star also presented the Italian version of The X Factor between 2011 and 2020. He has just released a Netflix series called Alessandro Cattelan: One Simple Question. The show follows the TV host as he searches for happiness through interviews and unique experiences alongside various celebrity guests. Laura Pausini is a 47-year-old Italian singer who won the newcomer artists' section of the 43rd Sanremo Music Festival in 1993. She went on to become an international singing sensation and has appeared as a coach on various versions of the singing competition The Voice. Her talent and expertise have also come in handy as a judge on the Spanish version of The X Factor. She and the other Eurovision hosts appeared on the cover of an Italian TV magazine. Sharing the cover on Instagram, she said [translated]: "I'm on @tvsorrisi together with my fellow adventurers @alecattelan and @mikainstagram. I can't wait to share this experience with you! EUROVISION, HERE WE COME!" DON'T MISS... UK Eurovision 2022 song: The sweet meaning behind Sam Ryder’s Space...[INSIGHT] Eurovision 2022: Sam Ryder faces huge blow ahead of final [DISCUSSION] Eurovision rules: Why are the Big Five not in the semi-finals? [EXPLAINER] National treasure Graham Norton will once again be hosting the grand final coverage for the UK, over on BBC One. He is known for providing hilarious commentary throughout the evening, sharing his thoughts on the weird and wonderful acts. In 2021 he did not hold back, stating some of the acts were "flat". The much-loved TV host is known for The Graham Norton Show and for appearing as a judge on RuPaul's Drag Race UK. The semi-finals will take place on BBC Three on May 10 and 12, and Rylan Clark will be hosting proceedings. Although the UK will not be taking part as one of the Big Five, Rylan is looking forward to watching the other acts take to the stage. As reported by Yahoo he said: "I do have a few favourites. "Norway especially as their song is quite 'novelty' but at the same time it’s extremely catchy and a great track. They’re definitely ones to watch." Rylan is best known for his appearance on The X Factor, and for hosting various shows such as Supermarket Sweep, Ready Steady Cook and a number of Big Brother spin-offs.  Following on from her successful stint on Strictly Come Dancing, finalist AJ Odudu is joining the Eurovision team this year. She will be announcing the UK's voting during the final on Saturday. Due to her infectious personality, she has been picked up by a number of TV networks as a host. The 34-year-old is known for presenting Big Brother's Bit on the Side and Married at First Sight: Afters. On Instagram, she said: "HELLOOOOO, this is Salford calling! "I'm beyond excited to be the first Eurovision spokesperson to present the UK jury’s douze points live from the North West. "Can't wait to say, 'Ciao Italia' in my finest Lancashire accent. Team Space Man, assemble! @bbceurovision." [Sic]  Scott Mills will be joining Rylan to help out with the semi-final coverage and he has plenty of experience. Having hosted the semi-finals since 2011, he was keen to get back in amongst the action. He said: "The last time we were all together was in Tel Aviv in 2019 which was in the top five of best weeks I’ve ever had, but there was no contest in 2020 - and last year we presented the semi-finals from a studio in London, we weren’t actually in Rotterdam, we were watching it on TV like everyone else. "I’ve missed my annual Eurovision trip so much and I’m bursting to get back to it." The 48-year-old DJ is known for presenting his show on BBC Radio 1.  Eurovision 2022 begins on May 10 on BBC Three, with the grand final airing on BBC One on Saturday.