The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s only daughter Charlotte celebrates her seventh birthday on Monday. To commemorate this milestone, three adorable new photos of the young Princess have been released. Taken by the Duchess of Cambridge, the snaps show Charlotte sitting among a field of bluebells. The images were taken in Norfolk over the weekend, Kensington Palace has said. In one photograph, Charlotte is pictured sitting cross-legged, while in another she is sitting with her arms around her knees. A third snap shows her accompanied by the Cambridges pet spaniel, who was said to have been welcomed into the family in 2020. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have been very careful in sharing as few details as possible regarding their new dog over the past months. However, new details about the family’s cocker spaniel have been revealed for the first time this weekend. Details about Charlotte’s birthday snaps reveal that the Cambridge family pooch is called Orla. PA reported the new detail about the pup who has a black shiny coat and looks to the right in one of the snaps while Charlotte smiles towards the camera on Sunday. READ MORE: Princess Charlotte shows off family dog in new birthday photo The name is of Celtic origin meaning "golden princess" and was very popular in the Middle Ages. The Irish name is closely associated with the high king Brian Boru, as it was the name of his sister, daughter and niece. Prior to this, the name of the pup was not known though the Cambridges had revealed the sex of the dog on a previous engagement. During a visit to Clitheroe Community Hospital in Lancashire in January, Kate and William met a ten-week-old cockapoo called Alfie set to be trained as a therapy dog to support patients and workers at the hospital. After enjoying a cuddle with the pup, Kate added: "Our dog is going to be very upset. “She's going to be like, 'Where have you been?'" DON'T MISS Queen's Platinum Jubilee absence would 'solve the problem of Harry' [INSIGHT] Meghan Markle blow as Netflix 'drops new animated series' [REVEAL] Queen 'keen to stress' that she rules 'entire UK' amid IndyRef2 plans [REPORT]  The dog was first reported about in January 2021, and it is believed the pup had joined the Cambridges' household prior to the death of their beloved dog Lupo. Lupo featured in many family photos and kept Kate and William company since 2012, about a year before the birth of their first son, Prince George. However, the beloved family pet died in November two years ago, as announced by the Cambridges in a sombre statement. William and Kate shared an adorable photo of the black cocker spaniel, accompanied with the caption: “Very sadly last weekend our dear dog, Lupo, passed away. He has been at the heart of our family for the past nine years and we will miss him so much.” When reports first emerged about the new addition to the Cambridges’ household, a friend told The Mail on Sunday: "The new puppy is adorable and the whole family are besotted.” The friend added: "They were devastated when Lupo passed away. "It was hoped that a younger dog would give Lupo some company and give him a little more life and energy." Lupo had previously starred in several family photos, including an early photo of George, now eight, with his parents. The pup is also featured in a snap dating from 2016 to mark George’s third birthday. Lupo is a name of Italian origin, meaning "wolf", which is derived from the Latin lupus.