So far, the results show the Tories have suffered historic losses in England’s local elections, as Labour have made gains in key areas. Labour have taken control of three symbolic councils in London, including Wandsworth, which had previously been controlled by the Conservatives since 1978. London Mayor Sadiq Khan declared “history has been made” after nine seats switched from blue to red in the southwest London borough. Elsewhere in the capital, Labour took control of Westminster, which had been controlled by the Tories since its creation in 1964. Labour also seized Barnet for the first time and now controls a record 24 councils in the capital. A map of the results shows how the Conservatives held onto Kensington and Chelsea, although it is now surrounded by a sea of blue. Also in the South, Labour stunned the Tories by taking control of Southampton. Moving North, the map of the results announced so far appears to show Labour maintaining its “so-called” red wall. JUST IN: 'Horror' Remainer civil servants' plot to scupper £10bn Australia trade deal The party has held onto councils in its traditional strongholds of Merseyside, Greater Manchester and Lancashire. The Tories have failed to make gains in other nearby local authorities such as Bolton and Sheffield, which have stayed in a state of no overall control. As results continue to come in, much of the North-East remains red, including Sunderland, which Labour held. The party had feared it could lose the traditionally working class area amid a resurgence from the Liberal Democrats. However, in a blow for Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer, Labour lost control of Hull Council to the Lib Dems. The win for Ed Davey’s party ends Labour’s 10-year control of the council. Labour had been expected to dominate the Tories across the UK after an election campaign dominated by the Partygate scandal and the cost of living crisis. However, Tory losses, as shown by the map so far, are not as catastrophic as some in the party had feared. Overall, the Conservatives have so far lost 68 council seats in London and 56 outside the capital. Labour have gained 44 seats on London councils, however the party has lost six seats elsewhere. DON'T MISS: Priti Patel migration plan 'set for remarkable results' - new study lays bare huge impact [LATEST]Brexit Britain’s ‘historic role’ in battling Putin hailed as UK leads from the front [INSIGHT]Brexit POLL: Has EU exit helped in fight against Putin and to support Ukraine? [ANALYSIS] Meanwhile, the Green Party has increased its share of council seats, according to the results mapped so far. The party has gained at least 23 seats in places such as Oxford, although it does not have overall control of any council. However, of all the parties, the Lib Dems’ success remains one of the biggest surprises after a night of intense vote-counting by volunteers at polling stations. The party has gained at least 59 seats across the UK and holds four councils in total. Polling guru Professor Sir John Curtice summed up the party’s gains in a piece for the BBC, saying there were signs of a recovery for the party. He said: “The Liberal Democrats do tend to advance strongly in smaller, more rural councils, where the wards are smaller so you get more seats per person. “But even so, I think the Liberal Democrats might just be hoping – against a backdrop that was not particularly propitious for them – that they’re finally beginning to demonstrate some evidence of progress and recovery from the disaster of the 2015 General Election.”  Polling guru Professor Sir John Curtice summed up the party’s gains in a piece for the BBC, saying there were signs of a recovery for the party.  He said: “The Liberal Democrats do tend to advance strongly in smaller, more rural councils, where the wards are smaller so you get more seats per person.  “But even so, I think the Liberal Democrats might just be hoping – against a backdrop that was not particularly propitious for them – that they’re finally beginning to demonstrate some evidence of progress and recovery from the disaster of the 2015 General Election.” 