Brexiteers John Baron and David Simmonds have withdrawn their support for Mr Johnson in the wake of civil servant Ms Gray's report into Downing Street lockdown-breaking parties. Mr Baron called the episode "a shameful pattern of misbehaviour during the pandemic as the rest of us kept to the Covid regulations", while Mr Simmonds said it was "clear that while the Government and our policies enjoy the confidence of the public, the Prime Minister does not". A similar call was made by their backbench colleague Julian Sturdy on Wednesday. While most Tory MPs do back Mr Johnson, the latest statements mean there are now 21 backbench Conservatives publicly calling for the Prime Minister to go. READ MORE: Tory rebels told to stand down as Boris Johnson still ‘best winner’ He said on Sky News: "I work very closely with him. He is focused on our response to Ukraine. He is focused on the huge challenge economically for families, for your viewers, in terms of the cost of energy, the cost of food, he is getting on with the job." He added: "He has been getting the big calls right but he accepted, in terms of some of these incidents, that there were lessons to be learned." Mr Baron, MP for Basildon and Billericay, said in a statement on his website: "Those responsible for setting the rules have a special duty to adhere to them. "Having always said I would consider all the available evidence before deciding, I'm afraid the Prime Minister no longer enjoys my support – I can no longer give him the benefit of the doubt." He said on Sky News: "I work very closely with him. He is focused on our response to Ukraine. He is focused on the huge challenge economically for families, for your viewers, in terms of the cost of energy, the cost of food, he is getting on with the job." He added: "He has been getting the big calls right but he accepted, in terms of some of these incidents, that there were lessons to be learned." Mr Baron, MP for Basildon and Billericay, said in a statement on his website: "Those responsible for setting the rules have a special duty to adhere to them. "Having always said I would consider all the available evidence before deciding, I'm afraid the Prime Minister no longer enjoys my support – I can no longer give him the benefit of the doubt."  Mr Simmonds, the MP for Ruislip, Northwood and Pinner whose constituency borders the Mr Johnson's Uxbridge seat, said: "It is time for him to step down." Mr Johnson, who in his Commons statement justified his own attendance at leaving do events on the grounds that they were work, said he had no plans to resign. He said: "I've got to keep moving forward." DON'T MISSIs a Labour-Lib Dem-SNP Rejoiner alliance a threat to Brexit? [POLL]Boris row to ‘dominate and distract’ Tories from delivering for Brits [COMMENT]'Gone through the sorrow' Ex-Tory MP slams Boris Johnson [INSIGHT] When asked why his press office had said that no parties took place in No10 despite the gatherings having actually taken place in the press office, Ms Johnson said his press team thought what they were doing was allowed, as they were "working around the clock" at the time. He insisted that when he had previously said "the rules and guidance had been followed at all times", it had been "what I believed to be true". Admitting some wrongdoing, he added: "But clearly this was not the case for some of those gatherings after I had left and at other gatherings when I was not even in the building." Mr Sturdy on Wednesday became the first Tory MP to call for Mr Johnson's resignation in the light of the contents of Ms Gray's report, saying the publication "clearly shows that the Prime Minister has presided over a widespread culture of disregard for coronavirus regulations".