Tottenham Hotspur haven't been struck by a food poisoning crisis this week, despite rumours that surfaced on social media on Friday. However, Harry Kane is reportedly 'feeling unwell' just two days before Tottenham's Premier League top-four decider at Norwich City. Express Sport understands suggestions that Tottenham have been hit with widespread cases of food poisoning are completely untrue. However, The Athletic report that Kane has been taken ill, raising doubt about his potential availability for Sunday's trip to Carrow Road. The 28-year-old was scheduled to visit the Museum of London on Friday to open an exhibition about his career. However, he has pulled out of the appearance because he was 'feeling unwell' and could be considered a doubt for the final day of the season. Ahead of Tottenham's 1-0 win against Burnley last time out, Antonio Conte revealed four players, including Dejan Kulusevski, had been affected by a stomach bug in the build-up. But the rumours circulating online ahead of Sunday's match are unrelated and incorrect. JUST IN: Rudiger hints Chelsea board to blame for imminent Real Madrid transfer On Friday afternoon, ex-Tottenham player Gary Lineker sparked said speculation, tweeting: "Hearing there's a food poisoning outbreak at @SpursOfficial. No, I am not joking," But the club has quickly reassured those panicked by his seemingly 'in-the-know' comments by confirming the claim was false. After defeating Arsenal and Burnley at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium last week, Spurs visit Norwich with the incentive of a Champions League return if they avoid a shock defeat. They are currently two points and 15 goals ahead of the Gunners in fourth, so a draw will be enough barring a record result at the Emirates Stadium. READ MORE: Liverpool boss Klopp makes Salah injury vow as Son eyes Golden Boot Arsenal host Everton in north London, which may have been a more problematic proposition for Mikel Arteta's side hadn't the Toffees secured safety from relegation on Thursday night. But there is a general, deflated consensus that Monday's 2-0 defeat at Newcastle United spelt the end of Arsenal's hopes of their first top-four finish under the Spaniard. Spurs should be confident of toppling rock-bottom Norwich with or without their No 10 available. But his absence does slightly widen the realm of possibility that could see the Canaries pull off an almighty upset and help Arsenal make a last-ditch leapfrog over their bitter rivals. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.