Abigail Cunliffe, 18, was walking to her grandparents’ house in Leigh, Greater Manchester, with her pet Ollie in tow when he was suddenly attacked. The three-year-old Shih Apso – a cross between a Shih Tzu and Lhasa Apso – was attacked by a larger dog that managed to get hold of the pup through a gap in the fence of the garden they were staying in. Hysterical Abigail and her mum attempted to rescue Ollie by prying him from the jaws of his attacker during the incident, in March. Recalling the incident, Abigail said: “It was out of nowhere. “I heard Ollie yelp and when I looked down I saw the side of his face covered in blood. I was screaming. “Ollie was yelping and shaking.  READ MORE: M1 traffic latest: M1 A1 closed after serious collision “My mum reacted the same way and we had to pull Ollie away from the dog which was quite hard because it had a bit of muscle.Abigail and her mum checked over Ollie after managing to get him away from the larger dog, but they were left shocked by his injuries. Abigail added: “My mum picked up Ollie and all you could see was his eyeball hanging out. “People came running out when they heard me screaming and tried to help me calm Ollie down.” DON'T MISS:Elderly couple 'abandoned' for hours after landing at Manchester [COMMENT]Michael Sheen claimed Queen 'shoved him away' during OBE event [OPINION]Russian arms destroyed after location revealed by 'idiot' [PICTURES]  Heartbreakingly, Ollie “hasn’t been the same” since the attack and “struggled” during the first few weeks after the incident. He was left with gruesome injuries and needed veterinary treatment to remove his eye. Abigail, who described Ollie as “hyper” before the attack, said: “There’s been so many dog attacks recently and nothing has been done about them.” Despite the attack happening two months ago, Abigail has only spoken out now to warn other owners to watch their dogs closely when out as well as in a bid to track down the dog who attacked him. Ollie is still making a recovery at home but has been left “traumatised” from the event. He spends his days sleeping and has become scared of other dogs. 