Wood panelling and wall panelling are having a huge comeback currently. For a while considered old-fashioned, adding texture to walls with panels is back. In fact, it is predicted to ve one of 2022's biggest trends. Whether it's large panels, small panels, panelling across the whole room or just half of one wall - there is a style of panelling to suit any space. And, the interior trend has been highlighted by an award-winning designer as a no-brainer. Benji Lewis is an interior designer who boasts truly stunning designs. He is a well-established UK-based interior designer and the founder of Zoom That Room, an online interior design advisory service. Benji told readers: "An absolute no brainer when it comes to adding interest to a room is wood panelling or the suggestion of it at least." Wood panels can come in many forms, not just the geometric rectangular forms many associates with the style. READ MORE: Add £8k to your house value and save £580 on bills with surprising interior update Slat panelling, with parallel strips of wood, can create a modern and minimalist feel. They can be easily created and lend themselves well to a feature wall. On the other side of the style spectrum, traditional moulding panels add a sense of 17th and 18th-century glamour and majesty without being overwhelming. Square board and batten panels create a rustic, simple feel, or you could really go for it with a wild geometric shape. DON'T MISSDevalue your home by £20,000! Dark blue walls and gold [WARNING] Interiors must-haves in renovator Emily Canham's dream home [PROPERTY] Inside Molly Mae's £4m home - colours to achieve to look [INTERIORS] Benji explained a simple way to embrace wood panelling in your home. "If antique natural oak linenfold panelling doesn’t suit your space or it’s a look that’s too much for you and yet you’d still like a panelled room, create the illusion by using strips of MDF fixed to the wall." He said: "Create a panelled pattern and then paint it all one colour – this is a super smart and contemporary take on a traditional look." Other alternatives include simple tongue and groove panelling. If the thought of all over panelling scares you, it can be used as a feature wall. Benji said: "Painted tongue and groove panelling is a staple wall finish for interior designers and a terribly charming way of adding period detail to a room. "If your space can take it and you’re a real fan, why not use it on the ceiling too. "While I’m not a fan of an accent wall with wallpaper, I could likely always be persuaded to look at part panelling a room. "It has to be considered in the scheme of things but done well, it’s something that just shows some clever outside the box creative thinking." Benji recently listed his number one home renovation mistake to Express.co.uk. He told readers: "It’s absolutely cast in stone that for a project to succeed, you have to have scale drawings to work with. "Without these, you won’t get a proper handle on your space, so to try and cut costs by not getting these done will ultimately cost you dear, when you go shopping only to find things don’t fit your room properly." Benji went on: "If you can, work with an architect."