Levelling Up Secretary Michael Gove has written to local authorities, insisting they "make one final push" to make sure celebrations are not frustrated. Street parties are being organised across the UK for the four-day Bank Holiday weekend from June 2 to mark Her Majesty's historic 70 years on the throne. However, in some places, bunting has been banned from lamp posts and organisers have been told to complete counter-terrorism forms. In his letter, Mr Gove writes that many town halls are leading the way and living up to the "Platinum Councils" badge by supporting more than 70,000 Big Jubilee Lunches. But he asks them "to make one final push" and "take every possible action" to help communities prepare "from making all processes cost-free for residents to cutting red tape, and being completely flexible when receiving further applications for road closures". Mr Gove added: "Your residents should be made aware of all the support that is available and no one should be put off by needless red tape".  He also hinted at permanent cuts to bureaucracy, saying: "National celebrations like this mean a lot to our communities and the fabric of our society. "The efforts made by you and your local communities will make this a momentous weekend of truly UK-wide celebration – and I would like to hear from you to understand what more we can do to make it quicker and easier for communities to come together regularly in the future, including loosening any rules to deliver a lasting legacy". Gloria Odell tried to organise a small party in Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire but was sent 23 pages of forms including a "counter-terrorism plan", a security plan, a severe weather management plan and a Covid risk assessment. The 70-year-old said the deluge of "nonsense" protocols forced her to abandon the event, which would have raised money for the local hospice.  READ MORE ABOUT THE QUEEN AND ROYAL VISITS Ms Odell told The Telegraph: "To say these forms are ridiculous doesn’t begin to describe it. I was just like, 'Seriously, where do they think we are?'" The organisers of a Platinum Jubilee event on the Isle of Wight said red tape meant they would have to hire and pay for a traffic management company to draw up plans and supply signage. One resident in Bournemouth was also shocked to read she would not be allowed to put bunting up on her street's lamp posts. A source close to Mr Gove told MailOnline: "We want to see communities across the country coming together to celebrate our sovereign's Platinum Jubilee.  DON'T MISS: Fury over plans to make former RAF base in tiny village asylum centre [LATEST] Warning as UK facing a ‘significant rise’ in Monkeypox cases [REVEALED] ‘Big bully’ Nancy Pelosi blasted for blocking UK/US deal [REPORT] "Of course, people should be responsible and think about the safety of those attending but we encourage councils to be flexible and minimise pointless red tape and tick-box form filling." The Department for Levelling Up website includes details on how to organise a street party. It says organising an event for residents and neighbours is "very simple" and does not require a licence. The guidance dispels several myths, including that you need a music licence for a street party, that there is a fee for road closures and that you need costly insurance.  The Big Jubilee Lunch is the official community celebration for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee weekend. Its website includes a pack with ideas and advice. A number of events are being held to mark the Queen's historic reign from June 2-5. On June 2, Trooping the Colour will take place at The Mall and Horse Guard’s Parade with an RAF flypast watched by the Queen and members of the Royal family from the balcony of Buckingham Palace. Platinum Jubilee Beacons will also be lit around the country and in capital cities of Commonwealth countries.  On June 3, a Service of Thanksgiving for the Queen’s reign will take place at St Paul’s Cathedral. The Queen and members of the Royal family are due to attend The Derby at Epsom Downs on June 4. Later that day the Platinum Party at the Palace concert featuring world-famous stars will celebrate the most significant moments of the Queen’s reign. On June 5, street parties will held up and down the country with The Windsor Big Lunch also expected to become the longest ever held. A Platinum Jubilee Pageant will feature more than 5,000 people from across the UK and Commonwealth with street arts, theatre, music, circus and carnival planned. 