Jeremy Irons has opened up about the parallel between House of Gucci and the Royal Family in an interview. The actor shared his thoughts on how the Gucci family in the film has many parallels in modern society, including with the Royal Family.  In particular, he was referencing her experience of marrying into the Gucci family from outside of it - and how this has many parallels in modern society. He said: “I sometimes think Meghan is a bit of a Patrizia. “She’s moving into a different way of life, a different class, a different nationality and trying to do her best and it is not working, which I think is a huge shame for our monarchy. “That’s a parallel story.”  Jeremy didn’t elaborate more in his chat with the Evening Standard last year, but admitted the story of a powerful family House of Gucci “is not uncommon”, also referencing the show Succession as a parallel. Meghan and Prince Harry announced they were stepping back as senior royals in January 2020. Since then, the Duke and Duchess have moved to the US and have been focused on their charity Archewell. As well as this, the pair sat down to speak to Oprah Winfrey about their decision.  DON'T MISS... Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen suffers near-miss as Storm Arwen hits [PICTURES]Carol Vorderman and BBC co-star get 'warning' for 'noise levels' [VIDEO]'Who?' Rod Stewart says he and Elton John 'don't keep in touch' [INTERVIEW]  In a candid interview, the pair opened up about the struggle of being in the intense spotlight. Elsewhere, Jeremy opened up to The AV Club about his role in the new House of Gucci film. Speaking about working with Ridley, he explained how much he enjoyed his filming style. He explained: “Filming can be extremely tedious and go on for a long time, and that drains you as an actor when you’re trying to sort of keep a spirit in a scene.  “Ridley shoots with many cameras at the same time. Four cameras on Gucci. “On the first picture I did with him, he sometimes had about seven cameras going.” Jeremy continued: “That’s wonderful because it means you don’t have to do a performance and then reverse and then different angles and remember what on earth you were doing on take two when it was that way around. “So that’s glorious. It also makes it very, very fast.” 