Nigel Farage openly questioned what the consequences of a “break-up of the UK with Northern Ireland” would be for the whole Union as London keeps pressuring the European Union to review the Brexit protocol. Mr Farage insisted the people of Northern Ireland "have been let down”, adding “there’s no doubt they’ve been betrayed” by the Government. Liz Truss on Tuesday outlined her plan to shake up the protocol in order to avoid checks between the nation and the rest of Great Britain. Mr Farage said: “If you start the break-up of the United Kingdom with Northern Ireland who knows what the consequences for Scotland and elsewhere.” GB News presenter Dan Wootton asked: “Have our politicians let the people of Northern Ireland down?" Mr Farage responded: “Absolutely, they really really have. “I remember, on the night of January 31, 2022, there were a hundred thousand of us in Parliament square and a big old party going on. “And yet there were people who I shared a platform with all over the UK, including Northern Ireland during that referendum campaign. “And they weren’t present, because they knew what it meant. “They have been betrayed, and there’s no doubt." He continued: "Don’t forget the Prime Minister explicitly told them that there would be no border in the Irish Sea and there is. READ MORE: Brexit: EU 'disbelief and dismay' over UK 'reckless' plans “At some point in time, we’re going to have to grasp this nettle. “But they’re not ready to do it yet”. The Foreign Secretary confirmed plans to table a bill that would make key changes to the Northern Ireland protocol. DON'T MISS: RAF emergency: Typhoon fighter jet issues code '7700' [WATCH]First photo of rat that tried to eat disabled pensioner as she slep [LISTEN]Cabin crew beg passengers not to order Diet Coke on planes [INSIGHT] Referring to the new legislation, she said: “These practical problems have contributed to the sense that the east-west relationship has been undermined. “We need to restore the balance in the agreement”. Following the announcement and possibility of a unilateral action from the UK, vice-president of the European Commission Maros Sefcovic commented the move saying the UK plan to ignore parts of the agreement “raises significant concerns”. He also warned the UK saying that if the government goes forward with the plan, the EU will respond “with all measures at its disposal”.