The streaming giant cancelled Meghan's prized project: animated series Pearl, about a 12-year-old girl on a heroic adventure meeting history-making women along her way. It was a seismic shift in the structural balance that underpins Harry and Meghan's dream of becoming Hollywood power players independent of the Royal Family - a vision that suddenly seems precarious. "Netflix could completely pull the plug on Harry and Meghan," says a leading Hollywood film producer. "They made a huge mistake in thinking that Harry and Meghan had a massive pop culture following, with millions of viewers eager to see whatever they produced. "That's simply not the case. People like Harry, but a lot of people don't like Meghan." But could the royal renegades' bitter Hollywood blow eventually spark a royal reconciliation? Entertainment insiders and royal experts believe that from the rubble of Harry and Meghan's broken dream could come a path back to rebuilding ties with the Royal Family, and maybe even some sort of role within The Firm eventually. "I think there will be an effort to reel them back in at a certain point," said formerVanity Fair editor Tina Brown, author of new book The Palace Papers, dissecting the turmoil within the House of Windsor. "Not for a bit, but my guess is they will want to come back, actually. "Right now it's not going to happen, and largely because Harry keeps lobbing these fresh hand grenades at the family, just when they are beginning to think, 'Well, can we re-establish some trust with the House of Sussex?'" It is understood that the absent Prince's recent remarks about wanting to ensure the Queen was "protected" and needing to check that she had "the right people around her" did not go down well with some family members. They may not like it, but the Royal Family has become an inextricable part of the showbusiness industrial complex, reliant on good reviews and the goodwill of the public as much as any TV show lives or dies by its audience ratings.  The poorly received recent Caribbean tours by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and the Duke and Duchess of Wessex, only served to highlight how the Sussexes, "a more modern and relatable royal couple", says Brown, could still make a substantial and positive contribution. As looking might "When the Queen does die I do believe that there'll be a kind of desire for Harry to serve his country," added Brown, speaking on Radio 4's Today programme yesterday. "I think he's going to want to rethink it probably, and frankly, I don't think the entertainment efforts are going that brilliantly, sitting in Montecito." The exclusive Californian community is where Harry and Meghan have based themselves in a mansion bought for £11.5million. It is only 92 miles from Hollywood, but this week it must have felt a million miles away, as the couple's Netflix dream began to unravel. Heart of Invictus, the couple's docu-series following wounded warriors competing in the Invictus Games, staged in The Hague last month, is still expected to go ahead. But Netflix is experiencing an earthquake of its own after reporting a loss of 200,000 subscribers in the last quarter - its first audience drop after 20 years of growth - sending its stock price plunging and wiping billions off its market value.  With another two million subscribers predicted to pull the plug in the next quarter, the streamer is reevaluating every programme on its roster, including all those planned by Harry and Meghan's Archewell Productions. And if that goes badly for them it could push the young couple to come crawling back to the Royal Family, begging for forgiveness and a cameo role in the institution they so hastily rejected. It's a cold, hard reality check for the duo who may have been given an over-inflated view of their own value when Netflix signed them in September 2020. "It was a Hollywood vanity deal, designed to make Netflix look good and polish the brand," says the Hollywood producer. "If they managed to produce a hit, all the better, but that wasn't a necessity. It was intended to boost Netflix's profile, keep it in the headlines and attract new subscribers.  "But that deal was done when Netflix thought it had all the money in the world. That all changed when their stock crashed, wiping out two-thirds of the company value." Netflix had already grown concerned when, more than a year after signing Harry and Meghan, only Heart of Invictus was in production. The royals also heard rumblings of discontent about their £16million Spotify podcast deal, having produced only one paltry episode in their first year. Netflix's patience with Harry and Meghan appeared to evaporate when its stock price plummeted this week. Desperate to lure viewers with sensational shows, Netflix is concerned at Archewell's stated aim to "utilise the power of storytelling to embrace our shared humanity and duty to truth through a compassionate lens". The producer explains: "Netflix, like every other streaming service and network, wants to produce 'good' shows, intelligent and thought-provoking, and culturally significant. "But you can't produce 'good' shows when your stock price falls from $700 to $200.You need sensational hits! And you need them now." Archewell Productions hired producer Ben Browning last year to lead its creative team, fresh off his Oscar-winning hit Promising Young Woman. But because Harry's brand is linked to being a member of the Royal Family, the couple are caught in a trap, unlikely to develop any shows that are sexually explicit or violent - the kind of shows that attract the biggest audiences.  "The stuff that's selling now is sensational: Squid Games, Euphoria,WinningTime," says the producer. "American society craves car wrecks, shoot-outs, kidnappings. What chance do Harry and Meghan have of grabbing eyeballs when they're trying to educate viewers about important issues? "Their animated series Pearl was 'woke' and worthy and educational, which is fine if you're public television or the BBC, but isn't worth anything right now. "Netflix hoped to challenge Disney for supremacy in animation, but came to realise that animation doesn't fare well on streaming services. Meghan's show was just in the firing line." The executives could conceivably try to pressure the Sussexes into making an ill-advised show eviscerating the Royal Family, said the producer. "I can imagine a Netflix executive saying to Harry and Meghan: 'Nobody wants you to make a show that sensationalises the Royal Family, and I'd urge you not to make such a show. But if you were to produce a dirty version of The Crown, you know you'd have a huge hit - but I'd be the last one to suggest that you do that." Harry and Meghan were not alone in having Netflix kill their show; other productions also had the plug pulled. "As far as Netflix is concerned, it wasn't personal, it was business," says the producer. "What finally caught up with Netflix was that after Covid, 99 per cent of its service nobody wants to watch. Harry and Meghan are just collateral damage. "Apart from Harry's Invictus Games series we don't know what else they have on their slate. It could be that Netflix is really excited about their projects. "But if every show that Harry and Meghan are producing is about its educational value rather than its entertainment value, then Netflix might be wishing they'd never signed them up." 