Manchester United are reportedly ‘set’ to make Tyrell Malacia their first signing of the Erik ten Hag era. It was claimed over the weekend that the Red Devils were in for the Feyenoord star as they plan for a brighter future. And any potential deal will be bad news for Alex Telles and Brandon Williams. Manchester United are hoping to sign Malacia this summer, with the club intending for him to challenge Luke Shaw for a starting berth. And that suggests the Red Devils don’t see Telles and Williams as good enough for a regular spot in the team. Williams was loaned out to Norwich City at the start of the season but has been unable to prevent them from slipping down to the Championship. Yet he still hopes to make the grade at United, saying earlier this month: “What I want to do next year is play for Manchester United at left back and that's my job. "That's what I'm determined to do because it's my life and I'll do anything for that. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings "I know I can play in this league, and I know I can get to the top and that's what I want to do." Williams may find himself further down the United pecking order, however, if Malacia arrives. Though he’s done well enough for Norwich, some believe the full-back still has plenty of developing to do. It’s possible United will loan him out again to another top-flight team as they look for him to get as much action as possible. Or Williams could even be shown the door if Ten Hag makes it clear he isn’t part of his plans. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag At the end of last month, he implied he wanted regular action instead of being a peripheral figure on the fringes of things. "I'm playing games now and I love it," Williams told the Mail. "I can't wait for the weekend so I can get to the stadium. "There would be no point in me going back to United and just sitting on the bench. “I want to play and feel I'm better equipped for the Premier League after this experience. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "Whether it's at United or somewhere else, we'll deal with that in the summer. But I've got a job to do here at Norwich." Then, there’s Telles. Signed from Porto in 2020, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer didn’t appear to fancy the Brazil international during his time in charge. Telles has enjoyed more action under Ralf Rangnick, especially with Shaw sidelined through injury. But the arrival of Malacia would spell trouble when it comes to his hopes of nailing down a starting spot. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Telles hasn’t always impressed when called upon, either. The United star remains questionable from a defensive perspective, with his positioning on the field leaving plenty to be desired. And while he’s good going forward, that can leave United vulnerable at the back. For now, Malacia is focused on helping Feyenoord end their season on a high. But it seems like a move to United is on the cards and he’s the likeliest to be the first player Ten Hag brings with him to the fallen Premier League giants.