Johnny Depp, 58, allegedly claimed that he could punch Amber Heard in the face and “no one can do anything” following their wedding in 2015. Evidence was given to the court on the matter by Io Tillett Wright.  Io was once a close friend to the couple and gave evidence via video link in Virginia’s Fairfax County Courthouse on Tuesday.  The photographer made a number of claims regarding the Hollywood pair’s former relationship.  During his testimony Io claimed that drug use would bring out a “cruel and misogynistic side” to Johnny.  He claimed that the actor confessed to him that drug use had caused issues in previous relationships, but that the father-of-two did not like sober life. READ MORE: David Birney dead: Bridget Loves Bernie star dies aged 83 Io enjoyed a friendship with the couple until December 2015, when he cut contact with Johnny but continued being friends with Amber. On Tuesday, speaking through video link, Io alleged that Johnny would become paranoid after consuming alcohol or drugs. However, he said he was “magical, friendly and kind” when sober. Io said he still “cares deeply” about his former friend after developing a friendship with him in 2013. He then recalled more conversations he had with the Pirates of the Caribbean actor. "She has no talent. “When her t**s start to sag and her face gets wrinkly, no one is going to be interested in her for anything," Io told the court of what Johnny allegedly said. He added that prior to marrying Amber in 2015, Johnny attempted to “get sober” for his now former wife. DON'T MISS... Janette Manrara's injury fear addressed after hospital dash[LATEST]Lily James puts on jaw-dropping display in see-through Met Gala gown[PICTURES]Vanessa Hudgens risks wardrobe malfunction at Met Gala 2022[RED CARPET] “He really resented having to be sober. Yeah, he didn’t want to be.” Io also claimed that Johnny stayed sober and clean during his wedding day but made a comment to him after tying the knot with the actress. "We’re married and now I can punch her in the face and no one can do anything," the photographer claimed Johnny told him. He also said that Johnny claimed he was convinced that Amber was having affairs with every man and woman she came in contact with. Johnny has denied ever abusing Amber. He is suing Amber for alleged defamation over a piece she wrote for The Washington Post in 2018, in which she claimed she was a victim of domestic abuse. The article did not mention the actor by name. Amber is counter suing her ex-husband for $100million (£81million).