Prince Harry and Meghan Markle announced their deal with Netflix in September 2020 but they are yet to produce any content for the platform. While the exact details of the deal have not been disclosed several reports have suggested it could be worth in excess of $100m (£72m).  Announcing their deal with Netflix, the couple said they wanted to create content that “informs but also gives hope”. One of the projects announced was an animated series with the working title 'Pearl' which focuses on the adventures of a 12-year-old girl who finds inspiration in a variety of influential women throughout history. At the time of announcing the project, Meghan said of the show: “Like many girls her age, our heroine Pearl is on a journey of self-discovery as she tries to overcome life’s daily challenges. “I’m thrilled that Archewell Productions, partnered with the powerhouse platform of Netflix and these incredible producers, will together bring you this new animated series, which celebrates extraordinary women throughout history."   However, the project has been axed by the streaming giant while it's still in its development stage, according to Deadline. The outlet reports that Netflix also scrapped two other kids' animated series last week — Dino Daycare from Ada Twist, Scientist executive producer Chris Nee, and the South Asian-inspired adventure Boons and Curses. Both shows were already in production. Carolyn Soper, Liz Garbus, Dan Cogan, and Amanda Rynda were said to be involved in Pearl. While Meghan was due to be the creator and executive producer of the series. Filmmaker David Furnish was also due to serve as an executive producer. The shutdown of the series comes after Netflix reported its first subscriber loss in more than a decade. READ MORE: Queen 'keen to stress' that she rules 'entire UK' amid IndyRef2 plans The company also laid off around 25 people across its marketing operation this week, and on Friday cancelled its comedy Space Force after two seasons. The company made the layoffs at Tudum, a website of stories that are meant to market Netflix's programs. The site, named after the sound you hear when a Netflix show begins, was meant to allow subscribers insider access to the company's shows. With investors rattled by the news in addition to a fall in shares and mounting pressure from competitors, Netflix appears to be implementing cost-cutting measures. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex established the Archewell Productions division of their foundation in autumn 2020. The move saw them express their desire to create scripted series, docuseries, documentaries, features and children’s programming. DON'T MISS Beatrice and Eugenie shut out of roles despite brokering Harry visit [INSIGHT] Prince William erupted at photographer during outing with children [REPORT] Prince William target of Prince Harry's controversial protection swipe [REVEAL] It focuses on Prince Harry’s Invictus Games and follows a group of extraordinary competitors from around the globe as they prepared for this year’s games. The Duke and Duchess were accompanied by a filming crew from Netflix when visiting The Hague last month. The Games took place from 16 to 22 April.   An announcement released by the couple said the podcast is hosted by Meghan. The Duchess will speak to historians, experts and women who have experienced being typecast, capitalising on Meghan’s campaign work on the topic of female empowerment.