A number of factors can cause a person to develop type two diabetes, however the most common reason is the individual in question gaining too much weight to the point of becoming obese. Once a person is in this state it is essential they lose weight to manage the diabetes and improve their physical health. A new Danish study has found the most effective diet in this regard could be the vegan diet. The study discovered overweight adults with type two diabetes who ate a vegan diet for 12 weeks saw a healthy reduction in their weight and improved blood sugar control. READ MORE: Two Covid symptoms to take 'seriously' as new variants hit UK  Furthermore, vegan diets were not found to affect blood pressure or cholesterol levels, another risk factor in the development of diabetes. Study co-author Anne-Ditte Termannsen said of the results: “Adhering to a vegan die for at least 12 weeks may result in a clinically meaningful weight loss and improve blood sugar levels. Although a vegan diet may lower a person’s risk of developing type two diabetes, a new study has found a type of medication may increase a person’s risk developing diabetes. Proton pump inhibitors are a form of medicine traditionally used to treat acid reflux in the stomach. A new study has found the risk of developing diabetes as a result of taking the medicine went up from 19 to 56 percent. The risk rose the longer the patient took the proton pump inhibitors. Stefan Ciardullo, leader of the study into PPIs, said their results suggest that “physicians should therefore avoid unnecessary prescription of this class of drugs, particularly for long term use”. While their results are concerning, Ciardullo said “future studies are still needed to validate our findings”. Professor Leiman added: “Ultimately, there does not seem to be enough data to support a change in clinical practice from this study alone and, as a result, clinicians should continue to inform patients of the best available evidence regarding the benefits and risks of PPIs.” As a result, further research is required to identify a link between PPIs and the risk of type two diabetes. Nevertheless, it raises questions over the benefits vs risks of using PPIs over a sustained period of time. This wouldn’t be the first time PPIs have been linked with an increased risk of developing a specific condition. In the past they have been linked with kidney disease and vitamin B12 deficiency. More information about PPIs is available on the NHS website.