Gibraltar, which has been a British Overseas Territory since 1713, when it was ceded to London under the Treaty of Utrecht. However, Spain continues to stake a claim to The Rock, which is located on the edge of the Iberian Peninsula. But Ben Wallace, who visited Madrid ahead of upcoming NATO talks in Spain next month, praised the relationship between the Spanish capital and London as “allies”. During a meeting with his Spanish counterpart, Margarita Robles, the Defence Secretary lauded the good military relationship between the two countries. He dismissed the idea the UK would beef up its military presence in Gibraltar in order to leverage Spain. The Defence Secretary said: “Gibraltar is not used in any way against Spain. “That is a myth, it is not true. “It is only used as a base for our forces if they act jointly in the Mediterranean, because we are allies.” Mr Wallace did stress the Rock “is not a military base as it was in the 80s or 90s”. He added the military capacity in Gibraltar has been downgraded in recent years, although the Rock remained “strategically” critical. READ MORE: Schoolgirl savaged by bullies in attack her mum wants you to see This is particularly the case considering the EU, he said. In the first visit from the British Defence Minister to Madrid in 17 years, Mr Wallace highlighted that “strategically, Gibraltar is important for us and for the EU” because of its close proximity to the Mediterranean, the Atlantic, and North Africa. The meeting between the two defence ministers had NATO cohesion at its heart, the UK Defence Ministry wrote in a tweet. The alliance’s Madrid summit, which takes place between June 29 and June 30, will be an “opportunity to reinforce the validity of our shared values and the strength of our unity and cohesion”, according to Ms Robles. DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Lukashenko threatens 'full-scale world war' [LIVE] “Over optimistic” UK Ministry of Defence conceals Ukrainian losses [ANALYSIS] 'There is no love' UK and US warned China will not back down [INSIGHT] At the top of the agenda will be the Ukraine war, which Mr Wallace said will show the EU and NATO to be “more united than ever”. He added: “I think it's going to be a great success and it's very important because people will realise that NATO is for everyone and that we're not just focusing on parts of Europe.” The UK and Spain share a global goal in “upholding our common values”, Mr Wallace said, calling Spain not just a “vital NATO ally”, but “one of the leaders in European defence”. He said: “Spain and the UK have been NATO Allies for forty years and our armed forces have worked together in operations right across the world. “As we have seen through Russia’s unprovoked invasion of Ukraine, this defensive cooperation matters, as we continue to support Ukraine and focus on the wider stability and security of Europe.” However, tensions were visible between Madrid and London when the UK Royal Navy patrol vessel, the HMS Trent, was moved to the Rock last year. At the time, Commodore Steve Dainton, the Commander of British Forces in Gibraltar, called the move a “demonstration of the MoD’s long term commitment to developing Gibraltar as a strategic global hub and part of a much larger and comprehensive investment programme on the Rock moving forward”. Additional reporting by Maria Ortega.