English actor Theo James stars opposite Game of Thrones alum Rose Leslie in a brand new adaptation of The Time Traveler’s Wife for HBO. Express.co.uk recently caught up with one of the stars of the series helmed by Doctor Who showrunner Steven Moffat, and she had some surprising insight into Theo’s performance as cursed time-traveller Henry DeTamble. Theo didn’t drop his American accent while filming the highly anticipated new adaptation of the bestseller by Audrey Niffenegger. The English star, best known for his roles in The Witcher and Sanditon, stars as a man who has been cursed with the genetic condition of time travel. Rather than living a normal life from beginning to end, he is randomly catapulted through time at inopportune moments with no way of knowing when he’ll return. Although Theo and his co-star Rose are English and Scottish, respectively, the series stays faithful to the novel’s Chicago setting, so both performers use an American accent for the role. READ MORE: Rees-Mogg hits back at Naga Munchetty branding Partygate 'non-story' Express.co.uk recently spoke to Caitlin Shorey, who plays a younger version of Rose’s character Clare Abshire, who confirmed Theo’s dedication to the series. “They were wonderful,” she recalled. “Theo, he would always come to set and he would always have the American accent. He would talk in an American accent.” Caitlin, despite being American herself, revealed she didn’t have to give her co-stars any tips whatsoever to help their performances. Not only does Theo deliver a perfect American accent, but he chose not to drop it when the cameras stopped rolling between scenes. “I have all my scenes with him, and he was super nice,” Caitlin said. “Super funny, and he always made sure I was comfortable on set. “And that I enjoyed working with him, and I always did. He’s just a wonderful actor and a wonderful person.” Most of Caitlin’s scenes take place with Theo, but the child actress was equally impressed with Rose’s attempts at the accent. DON'T MISS:Legacies cancelled: Viewers threaten CW ‘boycott’ [REACTION]Yellowstone’s Luke Grimes on if Kayce knew about Jamie adoption [INSIGHT]Sam Ryder Eurovision act to pay tribute to David Bowie [VIDEO] She continued: “And Rose, as soon as she stepped onto that set when she started filming it was amazing. “I don’t know how they did it but they did amazing jobs.” This isn’t the first time Theo has had to nail an authentic Chicago accent, as he reached international success portraying Four in the Divergent series, which takes place in a dystopian version of the Windy City. Meanwhile, Scottish star Rose shares another Chicago connection, portraying Maia Rindell for three seasons of The Good Fight, and recently portrayed French maid Louise in Death on the Nile. Previewing the series itself, which premieres this Sunday, Caitlin confirmed the HBO adaptation will stick much closer to writer Audrey’s original vision for The Time Traveler’s Wife. “They made it a lot more like the book,” she explained. “It’s not as much of a full-on romance as the movie was. It’s definitely a lot darker and more serious. But it’s still extremely well-written.” The novel became the inspiration for a 2009 feature adaptation starring Rachel McAdams and Eric Bana, but will readers be more impressed with Steven’s six-part take on the sci-fi melodrama? The Time Traveler’s Wife premieres on Sunday, May 15 on HBO and will be available to stream on NOW from May 16 in the UK.