Noel Clarke, 46, has spoken out after he was accused of sexual misconduct by 20 women in a damning article in The Guardian. The Doctor Who star, who denies all allegations against him, said his career has been left in tatters. Back in April 2021, The Guardian reported that several women who knew Clarke in a professional capacity had accused him of inappropriate behaviour. They alleged sexual harassment, unwanted touching or groping, sexually inappropriate behaviour and comments, professional misconduct and taking and sharing sexually explicit pictures and videos without consent. Clarke released a statement at the time saying: “I vehemently deny any sexual misconduct or criminal wrongdoing. "Recent reports however have made it clear to me that some of my actions have affected people in ways I did not intend or realise. "To those individuals, I am deeply sorry. "I will be seeking professional help to educate myself and change for the better." Following the article’s publication, BAFTA suspended Clarke’s membership and took away his Outstanding British Contribution to Cinema Award. ITV pulled the final episode of his new drama, Viewpoint, which had been due to conclude that week, and Sky paused the next series of his show Bulletproof, which also stars Ashley Walters. In a statement to the Guardian during its investigation, Clarke had said he intended to "defend [himself] against these false allegations". He added: "In a 20-year career, I have put inclusivity and diversity at the forefront of my work and never had a complaint made against me. "If anyone who has worked with me has ever felt uncomfortable or disrespected, I sincerely apologise. "Sexual harassment, abuse and bullying have no place in our industry. Every woman has the right to a safe workplace and moving forward I pledge my dedication to this." He has since sued The Guardian, Conde Nast and BAFTA for defamation. In a new interview, Clarke has now explained how the allegations have affected his life. “Twenty years of work was gone in 24 hours,” he said. “I lost everything. The company I built from the ground up, my TV shows, my movies, my book deals, the industry respect I had. In my heart and my head it has damaged me in a way I cannot articulate.” He added that he considered taking his own life, even choosing a weapon - before his 11-year-old son walked into the room and snapped him back into reality. “I’ve been a regular dude, for sure, I flirt. Have I ever made a saucy comment? One hundred per cent. But not to the extent that it warranted the destruction of my life,” he told the Mail on Sunday. Clarke also claimed that he and his wife Iris, who recently welcomed a new baby, have been left in dire financial straits due to him losing so much work. After a ten-month assessment period, the Met Police announced in March that they would not be launching a criminal investigation against Clarke, as the information did not meet the threshold. *If you're struggling and need to talk, the Samaritans operate a free helpline open 24/7 on 116 123. Alternatively, you can email jo@samaritans.org or visit their site to find your local branch