Plants can add gorgeous colours to the garden as well as attract insects and birds. With so many plants and flowers on the market, it can be hard to know which ones to invest in, which is why gardening expert Daisy Payne shared a variety of ones to plant now for a colourful garden this summer. Daisy said: “If you’re looking for garden bedding flowers, then the hyacinth and tulip combination would inject a rainbow of colour into any outdoor space. “They look simply stunning too. “It doesn’t have to cost a bomb to create your own colourful display.” Visiting RHS Wisley, the gardening expert showed viewers around some of the gorgeous gardens where large camellias were being grown. READ MORE: Oven cleaning: How to clean oven door glass under 5 minutes - ‘cheap’ She added: “Young plants are easy to grow, inexpensive and ideal for containers so if you’ve got a balcony or a window box, these flowering plants are perfect for you.” Camellias come in whites and pinks with some thriving in shady locations. Daisy added: “Today I’m going to be planting a floral display with some of my favourite flowers that are sure to inject a burst of colour into any outside space. “So I’ve got a couple of terracotta pots here but you can use any container or trough or window box. DON'T MISS:House prices: UK city seeing the biggest rise in asking prices [COMMENT]How to get rid of ants using ‘natural deterrent’ - ‘great option’ [EXPERT]Phil Spencer ‘born and bred’ in the Kent countryside [EXPLAINER] “You need to half fill it with some lovely peat-free compost and then it’s about picking gorgeous flowers. “First mock up your pot display by picking a good variation of colourful flowers like primulas and geraniums.” Once happy with them, gardeners can start squeezing them out of their pots and filling the rest of the container up with compost. The gardening expert added: “Firm it in nicely. “You then want to give them a little bit of water and in a lovely sunny spot, they will thrive.” Containers filled with plants are extremely versatile. They can brighten up a corner of the garden or add colour to the patio. However, according to the Royal Horticultural Society (RHS), life in containers can be “tough” for plants if they are not cared for properly. They need regular maintenance to ensure they “put on a good show”. This includes checking compost levels daily from April to September and watering if dry. They may also need feeding after planting, unless the compost contains a slow-release fertiliser. Deadheading flowers is also recommended to encourage more flowers to form.