“Tumours are often deep within the body with no symptoms until the cancer is at a later stage of disease,” the doctor warned. One indicator of pancreatic cancer could be a discolouration in two bodily areas. Doctor Griffiths said: “Because pancreatic cancer doesn’t cause obvious early warning signs, individuals should always check out the cause of any sudden, unexplained weight loss.” Another sign that could signal the “insidious” condition is jaundice. The expert detailed this sign as a “discolouration”. Jaundice can crop up in your skin or your eyes, presenting with a yellow colour, the NHS explains. READ MORE: Pancreatic cancer symptoms: Can you smell that? The warning sign that shows up on the loo Although jaundice can point to a variety of problems, including liver disease, it is also considered to be a tell-tale sign of pancreatic cancer. Pancreatic Cancer UK explains that the cancer triggers jaundice by blocking your bile duct. In case you’re not aware, the bile duct details the tube that takes bile from your liver to your duodenum, which is the first part of the small intestine. Bile is the fluid which the liver makes to help you digest food while bilirubin describes a yellow substance that is found in bile.  If this yellow pigment builds up in your blood, you can develop jaundice. The NHS stresses the importance of getting “urgent medical help” if you suspect having this condition. Apart from your skin and eyes turning yellow, you could also experience itchy skin, darker urine and paler stool than usual. Doctor Griffiths said: “Your GP should refer you for a CT scan or an ultrasound scan of the abdomen within two weeks to investigate further. “This is especially important if you are aged over 60 years as the risk of pancreatic cancer increases with age.” While jaundice could ring the alarm bells, this isn’t the only symptom of pancreatic cancer. According to the doctor, other signs include: The Fleet Street Clinic doctor added: “It is important to mention that most of the symptoms of pancreatic cancer are also common symptoms of less insidious causes and having any of the above symptoms does not necessarily mean you have pancreatic cancer. “To be on the safe side, always see your GP to discuss your symptoms and to find out the cause.” The NHS shares the same message and warns that you should get checked even though you might get used to the symptoms. This is especially important if your symptoms change, get worse or don’t feel normal to you. During the appointment, your GP might run some tests and ask for urine or blood samples.