Liverpool could reportedly net themselves £8million this summer if Bournemouth sign defender Nat Phillips on a permanent basis. The 25-year-old has enjoyed a stellar loan spell at the Vitality Stadium and has helped the Cherries win promotion back to the Premier League. And if the Reds do sell the player, their manager Jurgen Klopp will take a step closer to his £500million masterplan. Klopp took the helm at Anfield in 2015 following the departure of Brendan Rodgers. And the German has overseen a squad overhaul, where he has shipped off the deadwood and signed a string of players who have become world-beaters in the north west. Since Klopp arrived in England, he has allowed 60 players to leave the club. And the Merseysiders have received over £450m for them. The first player Klopp exchanged for cash was Sergi Canos, who was sold to Norwich for £4.5m in 2016. In his first summer at the club, Klopp sold Christian Benteke for £32m, Jordon Ibe for £15m and Joe Allen for £13m. And since then, he has continued to bolster the club’s coffers by letting players join other clubs. READ MORE: Arsenal's shortlist shrinks by one as star told he's 'going nowhere'   Perhaps Klopp’s finest piece of transfer business in terms of players leaving the club, came in January 2018 when the Reds sold Philippe Coutinho to Barcelona for £142m. Coutinho went on to struggle in Spain and was sent to Bayern Munich on loan just 18 months after arriving at the Nou Camp. The Brazil international has now joined Aston Villa on a permanent basis for a paltry £17m. Klopp has also brought in £26m for Mamadou Sakho, £24m for Dominic Solanke and £23.5m for Rhian Brewster - huge sums for players who have failed to kick-on following their moves. The former Borussia Dortmund manager is regarded as a genius in the dugout, but he is also clearly a genius when it comes to the transfer market. And he is unlikely to regret the departures of any of the players he has let go as none have gone on to set the world alight with their talents. DON'T MISS Gabriel Jesus urged to 'take risk' and quit Man City to join Arsenal Tottenham star Son Heung-min's comments will worry Antonio Conte Arsenal issued Calvert-Lewin transfer message by Lampard     Liverpool have received mega-money for unwanted players since Klopp arrived at Anfield and they have used it to fund the purchases of blockbuster stars such as Mohamed Salah, Virgil van Dijk and Luis Diaz. While the top players Klopp has signed have cost a huge amount of money, they have been worth their weight in gold. Liverpool won the Champions League and the Club World Cup in 2019, before landing their first Premier League title the following year. And they could yet land a historic quadruple this season. Klopp’s masterplan should be extolled at will - and it has certainly paid off handsomely.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here