Liverpool could be made to pay for missing out on signing current Real Madrid star Rodrygo, as the Brazilian continues to be the man for the big occasion. The young winger scored a vital goal against Chelsea, and scored a last-minute brace against Manchester City on their way to the Champions League final. Jurgen Klopp may rue his failed signing of Rodrygo if the Brazilian star turns up once again in Saturday's Champions League final. Although Karim Benzema has been Real's star of the season, it is Rodrygo that they have to thank for bailing them out against both Chelsea and City at the Santiago Bernabeu. The Brazilian scored late to force extra-time in both Champions League knockout ties, before Benzema grabbed the winning goal in both matches. Rodrygo signed for Madrid in 2019, after Los Blancos agreed a £37million deal with Santos for his signature. But Klopp was sniffing around for the Brazilian at a much earlier age, after discovering the star on YouTube.  READ MORE: Best and worst signings in the Premier League this season - Big Debate During Klopp's first full season in charge at Liverpool, he tried to sign Rodrygo, who was only a teenager at the time. According to the Brazilian's agent, he flew to Sao Paulo after seeing his talents on YouTube. His agent, Nick Arcuri, explained to Canal do Nicola: "When Rodrygo went to sign his first professional contract with Santos, aged 16, a Liverpool director called me saying that Klopp already knew the player. He had seen the material, and had already come to see Rodrygo personally.  MORE LIVERPOOL NEWS...Liverpool may have Tchouameni Plan B ready as Real Madrid agree dealLiverpool have new rival at 'negotiation table' for second transferLiverpool players 'dropping like flies' as Klopp sent Madrid warning "He had gone on YouTube, searched ‘talents from Brazil’, Rodrygo had appeared and he was very young. He came to Brazil and liked him. They contacted me, the Liverpool director wanted him to be his first signing, Rodrygo." But the deal fell through after former City star Elano stepped in, as he knew that Rodrygo would be worth considerably more than the £3m that Liverpool were reportedly offering. Elano revealed to BBC Sport: "I went to the board and said, ‘No, no, we can’t let him leave for this.  "It was a 3m euro offer only and the talks were already at an advanced stage. It was pretty much a done deal. They had a verbal agreement but I insisted, ‘We can’t do this’. "He was just 16 years old back then and, although the team had high hopes for him, it was not clear yet when he would be playing for the senior side. So I went to Rodrygo and told him, ‘We will promote you soon. You have my word.’  "A little while after, I ended up taking charge as a caretaker manager and so, much sooner than expected, I could do what I had promised him. I brought him to train with us and gave him his first minutes as a professional footballer." It was an inspired decision, as Rodrygo ended up earning Santos £37m, as opposed to £3m. Liverpool have since been linked with the Real star despite missing out all those years ago, but he could brutally stop Klopp's side in Saturday's Champions League final. 