Eastenders star Patsy Palmer, 49, posted an image of her with her son Fenton to celebrate his acceptance into the University of California. Last month, Patsy offered her Instagram followers the chance to access exclusive content - at the cost of £17.99, which angered some fans. Taking to Instagram, Patsy posted a black and white photo of her with her son Fenton, 21. She captioned the image with a heartfelt message, as she shared that he will be the first from “both families” to attend university. The 49-year-old wrote: “We are so proud of our son. “This is big news in our family. READ MORE: Piers Morgan slams Angelina Jolie as she's spotted visiting Ukraine “He has been accepted into @ucla. “He has worked so hard for this and deserves the best life has to offer. We love you so much. “Being the first in both families to attend a university, especially one of the best in the world, is an amazing achievement.” Patsy’s celebrity pals were quick to offer their congratulations. Loose Women panellist Denise Welch said: “Such wonderful news!! “We’re all proud of you Fenton.” Meanwhile, Claire Sweeney included clapping emojis in her message: "You must be so proud x.” DON'T MISS: Simon Cowell admits struggle to recognise himself after years of Botox [COMMENT]Tom Parker held wife Kelsey's hand as he died as she shares final vow [INSIGHT]Madonna, 63, straddles singer Maluma, 28, as she flaunts ageless looks [PICS] Loose Women panellist Denise Welch said: “Such wonderful news!! “We’re all proud of you Fenton.” Meanwhile, Claire Sweeney included clapping emojis in her message: "You must be so proud x.” Patsy played Bianca Jackson in the BBC soap. Now a DJ who resides in Malibu, she set up an Instagram page called The Good Life. On the page, she shares how she “keeps herself sane” and “deals with the mental stresses of this world”. In a now-deleted post, she asked: “Would you subscribe to A GOOD LIFE?” “Being a woman is about owning my power within. “My days are filled with being a mum, wife, entrepreneur, actress, haircare brand / wellness owner, DJ, writer, influencer and public figure. "My time is very precious and who I share that energy with is becoming more important to me. “I’m so happy that Instagram have created a space for creators to give exclusive time and content to their loyal fans / followers.” Patsy continued: “I’ll be sharing exclusive curated content with people that are on this wellness journey to creating a good life for themselves.” Her post received a backlash as some of her Instagram followers were unimpressed with the idea.