Cats can be a nuisance in the garden, no matter how much you love them. This is especially true if they decide your flower beds or lawn make the perfect spot for an alfresco litter tray. However, there are some simple ways you can deter cats from leaving their mark on your garden without using chemical repellants. According to the RSPCA: "If a neighbourhood cat is disturbing your garden, there are ways to deter them humanely." These include being strategic about how your plants are organised throughout the garden, the type of much you use and even how often you water your flowerbeds. READ MORE: When to deadhead lupins to 'prolong the display' According to experts from The Spruce, using sharp-edged mulch for flowerbeds and other areas in your garden will make for less favourable conditions for cats. They explained: "For a mulching option, you can use sharp-edged pine cones, holly cuttings, eggshells, or stone mulch. "Cats prefer to dig and poop in loose dirt and will be put off by these rough materials." Experts from Bark Unlimited added: "Cats do not like bristly textures. Use stone mulch or put anything uneven or textured, such as pine cones on your mulch. "Place flagstones or river rocks or any unmovable objects that would break up large sections of mulch making it difficult for the cat to use." DON'T MISSLawn tips: How to to ‘thicken’ lawns and ‘crowd out weeds’ [COMMENT]'Organic' homemade weed killers that won't harm your soil [INTERVIEW]Defeat slugs with British gardener's major planting rule [INSIGHT] Many cats dislike water and getting wet, so installing a sprinkler system can be one way to keep the neighbourhood kitties at bay. Motion-detection sprinkler systems are also available if you want to conserve water. According to the RSPCA, another way to deter cats is simply by keeping your flowerbeds well watered. They explained this works because "some cats don't like wet earth". The RSPCA also recommends planting shrubs or prickly plants close together. This will block the path of cats and likely deter them from wanting to use the surrounding soil as a litter tray. Cats tend to avoid treading on uncomfortable or sharp ground, so low, prickly plants can also work. oBy carefully placing these plants at entry points you can cut down on cats wandering into your garden.