The Labour leader this morning implied the Prime Minister had chosen to give a recorded message to Ukrainian MPs in a bid to boost the Tories' in Thursday's local elections. He questioned the timing of the video address, pointing to the votes taking place across the country later this week. However, his attempts to smear Mr Johnson as an opportunist spectacularly faltered this afternoon when it was revealed No10 had little input in the timing. The Prime Minister's official spokesman said: "We were invited to give the address by the Ukrainian government in recognition of the support that the United Kingdom has given to Ukraine in the run up to and during this invasion." The official said the date and time were "at the gift of the Ukrainian government". Sir Keir had this morning told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: "It's interesting it's two days before the local elections." READ MORE ON OUR UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG However, he added: "When I think of the images coming out of Ukraine, the bombing of maternity hospitals etc, I don't think our arguments on the timings cut much ice." In a speech which echoed Winston Churchill during WWII, Mr Johnson told representatives of the Eastern European democracy that they were in their "finest hour" fighting back against Vladimir Putin. "I have one message for you today: Ukraine will win, Ukraine will be free," he said. "Putin continues with his grotesque and illegal campaign to take and hold Ukrainian soil and his soldiers no longer have the excuse of not knowing what they are doing. "They are committing war crimes, and their atrocities emerge wherever they are forced to retreat – as we’ve seen at Bucha, at Irpin at Hostomel and many other places. "We in the UK will do whatever we can to hold them to account for these war crimes and in this moment of uncertainty, of continuing fear and doubt." DON'T MISS: Russia bombs Azovstal steel plant where hundreds sheltering [UPDATE]VDL faces nightmare as EU rebels refuse to back sanctions [INSIGHT]'Hitler had Jewish origins' Lavrov sparks fury with attack on Zelensky [VIDEO] He added: "When we look at the heroism of the Ukrainian people and the bravery of your leader Volodomyr Zelenskyy - we know that Ukraine will win. "And we in the UK will do everything we can to restore a free sovereign and independent Ukraine." Mr Johnson is the first world leader to have addressed the Ukrainian parliament since the start of the conflict on February 24. Ukrainian MP Lesia Vasylenko said she had "never seen this many standing ovations for a single speech".  She added: "Ukraine is certainly lucky to have a friend like the UK." The Prime Minister has been hailed by Ukraine for his leadership on the world stage since the outbreak of war. He courageously took to the street of Kyiv last month with President Volodymyr Zelensky after arranging a covert trip to the capital in a sign of solidarity. So revered is Mr Johnson that Ukraine has even renamed a street in his honour. 