Jacob (played by Jack James Ryan) has been on the Roa to redemption in recent months on Coronation Street, having begun a romance with Amy Barlow (Elle Mulvaney) and securing a job at the Underworld factory. The youngster has only ever spoken about his family briefly but none of them have yet made an appearance on the ITV soap. However, this could all change in upcoming scenes as it seems the actor who plays him, Jack, is determined for his character's father to arrive on the cobbles. Speaking in a recent interview, the actor shared his thoughts on who could play Jacob's father, teasing: "If Stephen Graham is free and he's up for a bit of Corrie, I think he would be amazing. "I am his biggest fan and he is my acting inspiration. He might come, you never know," the youngster continued on ITV's Lorraine. At the moment, the work is being put in to establish Jacob as a character in his own right before bringing any members of his extended family. It is not uncommon that once a resident has settled in, they are joined by other members of their clan, who bring secrets or want to make their mark on the cobbles. In Jacob's case, it could be his father, who could be a successful businessman, who has his eyes on snapping up the Underworld factory. READ MORE: Coronation Street fans work out Phill's sinister link to Pat Phelan At the moment, the factory is run by Carla Connor (Alison King) and Sarah Platt (Tina O'Brien) and they have been making a success of the company. When Amy turned up at Underworld begging for Carla to give her boyfriend a chance, despite him selling drugs and grooming Simon Barlow (Alex Bain) last year, she decided to give the boy a job. In recent weeks, he has been a part of the packing department but after showcasing his selling skills, he has been promoted. Although it seems like Jacob is grateful for his new role and wants to do his very best to help the company, he could be sabotaging their efforts. Unbeknown to Carla and Sarah, he could very well be working for his father to get clients on side, selling them a dream about the new management and the deals they could work on together. It might take a few weeks for Carla and Sarah to click on to what's happening but they could discover what Jacob has been up to once their clients start demanding they step down from their roles. Confused, they could be left shell shocked when they set their eyes on Jacob's father, who explains to the ladies he has been working with his son to take over the business. With no choice but to sell as none of the clients will work with Carla and Sarah, the Hay family will have been successful with their plan. However, having worked hard to redeem himself, Jacob could soon realise he is public enemy number one again after betraying his girlfriend. As he and his father begin to put their mark on Underworld, will Jacob realise his father has been grooming him like Harvey Gaskell (Will Mellor) once did? DON'T MISS...Corrie's Antony Cotton accidentally lets HUGE soap spoiler slip [COMMENT]Chris Gascoyne health: Coronation Street actor on 'alcohol problems' [COMMENT]Ryan Thomas shares 'insane' body transformation after 12 weeks [PICTURES] In a recent interview, Jack spoke a little more about his character's backstory and hinted at how his father was an absent figure. The actor said: "Fundamentally, Jacob is from a broken home, and hasn’t really had someone in his life who’s been able to look after him. "It’s not been easy for him. A lot of the mistakes and choices he has made are because he’s not had anyone to nurture him and coach him." His father could have been absent due to his many business dealings and working countless hours, meaning he didn't get a chance to see his son grow up. With this offer in hand for them both to work together, Jacob could have seen this as their second chance to develop a relationship. As he would be coached and guided on how to bring a business to the greatest of heights, Jacob could feel he is finally getting the father he has always wanted. This could make it incredibly hard to walk away if he discovers he has done wrong by betraying Carla and Sarah to takeover Underworld. Although he wants to have a relationship with his father, could Jacob risk it all to come out looking like a good guy once more? Speaking with Express.co.uk and other media, executive producer Iain MacLeod explained it was going to be a hard journey for Jacob to come back into the soap. The soap boss said: "Jack is a fantastically good actor. He also feels very Coronation Street and he's got funny bones." "He's got a really good way with the comedy and feels very authentic as well," the executive producer continued to explain. "Sometimes when you import a 'bad guy' or 'criminal' into a show like ours, it doesn't quite have the ring of authenticity, but that was never the case with him. "Jacob is trying to redeem himself. We discover things about how he arrived in the drug gang which will reframe people's view of him and make you see him in a slightly different light. "It's about him trying to put the past behind him and rehabilitate himself," he added but will Jacob ruin his reputation again? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.