It has been reported that Meghan Markle and Prince Harry will not appear on Buckingham Palace balcony during the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. After weeks of speculation, the Palace confirmed that only working members of the Royal Family will join the monarch on the balcony for Trooping the Colour. A Buckingham Palace source said: “After careful consideration, the Queen has decided this year’s traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday 2 June will be limited to Her Majesty and those members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of the Queen.” Harry and Meghan were reportedly invited by the monarch to take part in a Jubilee balcony appearance after the couple’s brief low-key visit to Windsor en route to the Invictus Games in the Netherlands last month. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been invited to attend other Jubilee events, and a spokesperson for the couple has said they are "excited and honoured" to be joining the celebrations with both their children. But Kinsey Schofield, founder and creator of ToDiForDaily.com, told Express.co.uk that Harry and Meghan appearing on the balcony would “jeopardise” trust in the Royal Family. She said: “For them [Meghan and Harry] to show up and smile and wave with other members of the Royal Family, I think there would be a lot of anger from the royal watching community. “I don’t think it would be beneficial for them to come back because I think it would distract people from the Platinum Jubilee events. “I think that there would be so much anger from people that are loyal to the Royal Family — the rest of them — because of what has happened over the past few years.” Ms Schofield continued: “To me it would look too orchestrated, it would look too fake, it would look like they are all trying to say that everything is ok, when we know that behind the scenes, it isn’t . “So it would just come off as a completely insincere moment and I don’t think that the royals can risk too many more of those. “It’s really about building up trust for King Charles and building up trust for the future. “There is going to be fear and there is going to be so much distress when we lose the Queen; it’s really important that they build up trust in a future King Charles. “And presenting the family as unified right now would jeopardise that because royal watchers know the truth.” Since Meghan and Harry stepped down from their roles as senior members of the Royal Family, they have pursued their own business ventures including content creation for streaming giants, Netflix and Spotify. The Sussexes signed the multi-million pound deals in 2020, but are yet to release anything on Netflix and have only produced one podcast episode, under Archewell Audio, on Spotify. Meghan recently announced the launch of her new podcast, Archetypes, which aims to tackle the typecasting and stereotyping of women. Last week, the Duchess was dealt a major blow when Netflix cancelled her animated show, ‘Pearl”, which was understood to be in development with Sir Elton John’s husband, David Furnish. It came as the streaming giant made widespread cuts as it suffered a steep decline in subscribers. However, Harry’s Invictus Games documentary entitled ‘Heart of Invictus’ is still set to be released on Netflix under Archewell Productions. The series will focus on the powerful stories of competitors on their journeys to Invictus Games The Hague 2020, which was postponed due to the coronavirus pandemic and took place in April 2022. Harry founded the Games, an international sporting event for wounded, injured and sick armed service personnel and veterans, in 2014 having been inspired by the Warrior Games in Washington, US. Both Meghan and Harry attended the Invictus Games last month. During their visit, the couple were followed by a camera crew for Netflix. It has been reported that Prince William is concerned that his younger brother will spill details about the Platinum Jubilee to Netflix, Oprah Winfrey or in Harry’s tell-all memoir, which is expected to be released later this year. A source told the Sun on Monday: “William wants to talk to Harry to try to heal the rift between them but he’s fearful it will find its way on to Netflix, Oprah or into Harry’s upcoming book.” Royal biographer, Tom Bower, told the publication: “William will worry that Harry and Meghan will pull a stunt to try to get the limelight. “Kate and William would be foolish not to be suspicious and would be unwise not to be cautious.” Harry and William are understood to have not seen each other since July last year, when the brothers united to unveil a statue of their mother, Diana, Princess of Wales. William and his wife, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, were on a family ski trip at the time of Harry and Meghan’s visit to the UK. The Platinum Jubilee celebratory weekend is likely to be the next time the princes reunite.