Tom Bower, who is penning a book on Meghan, made the comments as the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are set to travel to Britain for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations next week. Mr Bower, who is known for his acid-pen biographies, highlighted how the couple are reportedly filming an "at-home" docuseries as part of their Netflix deal. But the author warned the Sussexes are missing "intimate shots" with Her Majesty which he insisted they need. Writing in The Sun, Mr Bower said: "Netflix cameras have followed them to New York and Holland for the recent Invictus Games. "What’s missing are intimate shots of the Sussexes with the Queen. "Hollywood surely needs that proximity to justify the huge budget. "And the Sussexes need the shots to boost their lucrative but waning status as royals." Mr Bower's comments come as the Sussexes will return to the UK with their family for the first time since Megxit for the Jubilee weekend. Speculation is high over whether the pair will be joined by a Netflix crew after they were followed by cameras at the Invictus Games in The Hague in April and during a trip to New York last year. It was reported earlier this month that Harry and Meghan had allowed the streaming giant behind the scenes at their Montecito mansion. READ MORE: Meghan could 'pull plug' on Jubilee return after bad publicity - claim A Hollywood insider told Page Six: “I think it’s fair to say that Netflix is getting its pound of flesh." It is not known which elements of the four-day Jubilee weekend the Sussexes will make appearances at. The bonanza will see the nation celebrate the Queen's 70-year reign with pomp, pageantry and a party. DON'T MISSHarry and William FINALLY bury hatchet with secret FaceTime calls [INSIGHT]‘Has a duty to herself’ Angela Levin in fresh attack on Meghan [VIDEO]Meghan's recent appearances spark claims that Sussexes are in trouble [ANALYSIS] The extended Bank Holiday weekend will kick off with Trooping the Colour of Thursday. However, the monarch has banned Harry and Meghan from Buckingham Palace's balcony during the event, with the moment limited to working royals only. Harry and Meghan quit royal duties in 2020 for new lives of personal and financial freedom across the pond. Their new careers in the US include their lucrative deal with Netflix. Earlier this month, Meghan's animated show Pearl was dropped by the streaming giant which is struggling with a drop in subscribers. Netflix said at the time that Archewell Productions remains a valued partner and they are continuing to work together on a number of projects. 