Roaming fees for travelling across the European Union ended in June 2017, allowing consumers to continue using their mobile plan in other EU nations at no additional cost, with a fair use limit. But following the UK’s exit from the bloc, roaming charges have been re-introduced across a number of major networks. EE, the biggest UK network, has reintroduced roaming charges. EE customers can use their minutes, texts and data allowances in EE's European roaming zone for £2 a day or for £10 a month with a Roam Abroad add on. O2 said they have no plans to re-introduce roaming charges in Europe. O2 customers have a monthly data limit of 25GB when roaming and will be charged £3.50 for each GB after that. For travelling outside of the EU, The O2 Travel Bolt On costs £4.99 a day in selected destinations outside Europe. READ MORE: EE, Vodafone and Sky bring back controversial fee, Three Mobile is next Vodafone has reintroduced roaming charges for Britons travelling in Europe. Like O2, Vodafone has a fair usage policy of 25GB of free roaming - but you will be charged if you breach the limit. Customers not on these plans must purchase a multi-day pass for eight or 15 days. From May 23, Three will be changing its roaming policy. Three's fair use limit is 12GB and customers will be charged £3 per GB that goes over. Three also has a “Data Passport”, which will allow customers unlimited data for £5 a day while abroad. DON'T MISSMillions of Sky customers face shock new fee - are you affected? [NEWS]Britons warned of 'hidden costs' of travel in Spain - 'It can add up' [LATEST]Top ways Brits are stung financially on holiday - data roaming charges [ANALYSIS] Tesco Mobile has confirmed it will not re-introduce extra data roaming charges. A Tesco spokesperson said: "There are no Brexit changes to our Home From Home service. "You can still use your data, minutes and texts in Europe as you would at home. "We have no current plans to re-introduce roaming charges in European countries following the UK’s departure from the EU on 1 January 2021. If anything changes, we’ll contact all our customers to let them know."