Archie is believed to be celebrating his third birthday in California, far from the Royal Family. The young son of Meghan Markle and Prince Harry lives in Montecito, a star-studded neighbourhood in Santa Barbara, alongside his parents and 11-month-old sister Lilibet "Lili" Diana. Unlike his sister, the little Sussex was born in Britain and spent his first few months at Frogmore Cottage in Windsor - just a few minutes away from the Queen's Berkshire residence. The boy left the UK in mid-November, when the Duke and Duchess of Sussex travelled to Canada for an announced six-week break from royal duties. While Meghan and Harry returned twice to the UK in early 2020 prior to officially stepping down as senior royals, they never brought their son with them, which means the Queen hasn't had a chance to meet the boy in person for several months. And a royal commentator believes this could be a source of disappointment for the sovereign. Expert Richard Fitzwilliams told Express.co.uk: "The Queen would naturally be disappointed that she has not seen Archie since November 2019 and has never seen Lili." The commentator carried on mentioning the Duke of Sussex's decision to seek a judicial review of the Home Office's decision not to let him pay for police protection whenever he and his family are on British soil. In a statement released in January, a spokesperson for Harry claimed that, without the safety that can be offered by police protection services in the UK which can't be matched by the security the Duke provides for his family in the US, the prince "and his family are unable to return to his home". In 2021, the Duke returned to the UK alone twice - first to attend the funeral of his grandfather Prince Philip and then to unveil the statue of Princess Diana at Kensington Palace. READ MORE: Sussexes 'might be pushed' into more bombshell talks after Netflix axe In April, Meghan crossed the pond for the first time in two years and stopped with Harry at Windsor Castle to pay a visit to the Queen while they were on their way to The Hague to attend the Invictus Games. The security arrangements in place for the couple on this occasion pleased the Duke, the Daily Mail claimed last month, raising hopes he may be able to travel back with his whole family in June to attend the celebrations for the Platinum Jubilee during a long bank holiday weekend. Speaking about the chances the Sussex family may return to Britain in June, Mr Fitzwilliams said: "Will they bring their children over for the Jubilee celebrations? "They are unique in our history so it would be extraordinary if they were not part of this.  "Yet the Sussexes did not attend the Thanksgiving Service for Prince Philip whom Harry was so fond of. They are, truly, unpredictable." Prince Harry himself spoke about his desire to see his children reunited with his grandmother during an interview with US journalist Hoda Kotb. Speaking from The Hague in April, the Duke was asked whether he will attend the Jubilee events planned to celebrate the historic milestone in person. He replied: "I don't know yet. There are lots of things with security issues and everything else. "So, this is what I'm trying to do, trying to make it possible that I can get my kids to meet her." The Duke also provided an update about Archie, saying he has reached the age in which children ask "all the questions". He said: "Questions of the whys. He's into the why stage. Why this? Why that? Why that? "And instead of just trying to move it on, I give him the most honest answer I can. "And then it goes on and on and on until he's satisfied. And then that's it. It's done. "Otherwise it ends up with - because the world is round and that it is the way life is." While the Queen hasn't been able to spend time with Archie in person for several months and has yet to meet Lili, Prince Harry and Meghan said last year she has remained in touch with her great-grandson via video link after their move to the US. During their groundbreaking interview in early 2021, Oprah Winfrey asked the Sussexes whether the family has video calls with the Queen. Harry replied: "We did a couple of Zoom calls with Archie." And Meghan said: "Sometimes, yes, so they can see Archie." Appearing on The Late Late Show with James Corden in February 2021, Harry also said the Queen sent across the pond a waffle maker as a Christmas present for Archie after she discovered he wanted one, signalling the bond between the child and the great-grandmother is very strong.