Approximately 1.3 million people are estimated to be losing out on Universal Credit payments of up to £7,300 a year. This could be a lifeline to families struggling to make ends meet due to the soaring cost of living. While £15billion is lost in unclaimed benefits every year, a staggering 1.3 million Britons aren’t receiving Universal Credit payments they are entitled to, according to data from the New Economics Foundation. The number of people eligible for this benefit administered by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) increased significantly due to a rule change announced by Chancellor Rishi Sunak. Many people are still unaware they could be eligible for a Universal Credit top up if they are working as the earning threshold was changed in November 2021. READ MORE: Council tax warning: Thousands could miss £150 council tax rebate To check eligibility for universal credit, people can pop their details into a benefits calculator like the one on the Entitled to website. It asks for the claimant’s age, employment details, whether they have children and if they are already claiming benefits. These tools are free and easy to use. Alternatively people can phone the benefits helpline or pop into their local benefits office. DON'T MISSDWP to resume Universal Credit roll out next week [WARNING]Attendance Allowance: Full list of 56 conditions that qualify [ALERT]Over 60s could pay NHS prescription costs - 15 groups get them free[UPDATE] It’s not just Universal Credit people could be missing out on - thousands of Britons are also missing out on Pension Credit and Personal Independence Payments (PIP). In total, there are 11 DWP state benefits in the UK people can claim: Universal Credit, Housing Benefit, Personal Independence Payments (PIP) Employment and Support Allowance and Attendance Allowance. In addition, there’s also Pension Credit, Disability Living Allowance, Carer’s Allowance, Jobseeker’s Allowance and Income Support. Pension Credit is the most underclaimed benefit according to researchers at charity Entitled To. More than a million pensioners are missing out on this financial help which could see them up to £3,000 per year better off. State benefits like Universal Credit and Pension Credit also enable people to claim for a reduction on their council tax bill as well as Government help towards energy bills. Furthermore, claimants are usually entitled to free prescriptions, free dental treatment and discounted glasses. If they have responsibility for a child they could also qualify for free school meals and reduced childcare costs. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea 10 other things they might get for free are: