The passenger refused to move when a woman with a young baby asked if he’d swap seats with her husband, who was sitting a few aisles behind them. The man, who shared the experience on social media, explained he didn’t want to move as he had paid for that seat specifically. Reddit user u/aerdnaras had chosen the middle seat at the front of a Ryanair flight for a reason. He explained he wasn’t going to move for anyone as doing so would impede his journey once off the plane at the other side. He said: “I bought my seat on row 4B which is in the middle, it may sound odd to buy a middle, but I wanted it to be as closer to the exit as possible and there were no other seats available. “The flight was landing on a minor secondary airport which has limited train connections so if I wanted to catch the best train, I'd have to run outside the plane and do passport control ASAP. READ MORE: TUI holiday travel warning as it cancels all holidays to Sri Lanka “If I missed that train, [the] other option was to wait an hour and a half, or get a $70 cab - so that's why I paid for that seat.” Explaining what happened, the Reddit user continued: “I board my flight, tired as hell, and I have this lady with her child of [a few] months quietly sleeping sitting in the window seat. “She immediately asks if I can move to row 18 so she can sit with her husband. I just said I paid for the seat and I did not want to move. “Whole row was looking at me and I could see the mother texting the husband about me. Eventually no one was sitting next to the husband so she moved down the plane.” DON'T MISS: Flight attendant shares 'genius' hack to carry extra bag for free [REVEALED]Why you should 'check your passport' if it was issued before 2018 [EXPLAINER]Seven foot SHARK spotted swimming near beach off Ibiza coast [PICTURES] User u/aerdnaras went on to ask other users if he was in the wrong as “everyone was judging him” on the flight. One Reddit user agreed he was in the wrong, saying: “I get that you paid for That. Exact. Seat, but really? Why couldn’t you just do someone a favour? Have you ever been in a position that you needed a favor and that person just blew you off or was just plain rude? “I just hope that in your future strangers are more considerate than you were." But although it seemed most people on the flight were unimpressed, many Reddit users defended u/ aerdnaras. One person wrote: “You bought your seat, you didn't want to move. If I took a flight with my three kids and wife and we weren't all together, it wouldn't bother me. “People are so entitled. You did nothing wrong." Another commented: “It was your seat, you selected it. You have no obligations to give it up to anyone if you do not want to.” Another user said: “Their lack of preparation isn't your fault. They were cheap and hoping to con/cajole someone into moving.” In other Ryanair news, the airline’s boss, Michael O’Leary, has warned of higher flight prices this summer for those hoping to go abroad. Speaking to BBC Radio Four this week, he said: “Prices will be up by, I think, in the first quarter, they’ll be down on pre-Covid up to June, for the September-quarter at the moment, based on about 50 percent of all bookings, we expect prices will be up high single-digit percent. “It seems to us that there will be higher prices into that peak summer period because there’s so much demand for the beaches of Europe and those price rises going to continue.” The CEO added that the summer may prove “challenging” for Britons – not only because of the hike in prices, but because of possible delays at airports too. He emphasised that travellers flying from Manchester Airport must allow themselves extra time. Airports across the UK have struggled in recent weeks due to staff shortages, coupled with increased travel over the Easter period.