Sophie Hinchliffe, better known as Mrs Hinch, achieved stardom by sharing her handy hacks for household chores. She has inspired an army of cleaning enthusiasts, who use Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook group to share their own top tips - including how to get rid of ants once and for all. One of the reasons we are seeing more and more ants in the nooks and crannies of our home is that the weather is getting warmer. When the temperature increases outdoors, sources of moisture and food run out at times for ants. This leads them into our homes in search of a milder place to live. Ants are also drawn to rubbish and food waste, so a poor garbage disposal system might be to blame. Keeley Jolliffe took to the Facebook group when her home was plagued with ants. READ MORE: Where to buy in and around… Carlisle: Property for sale She implored: "Hi all, after some help please. ANTS! "We've had an influx of ants for the past few weeks in our kitchen, we've put a few bait stations down where we've seen them." She continued: "I've put talc and salt down after seeing a few posts on here - they're still coming. I hoover and wash the floor pretty much every day. Any ideas on what else can I try?" Mrs Hinch fans flocked to the comment section with some top tips. Jeannette Brown suggested using clove oil to get rid of the little creatures - "they don't seem to like it at all". "I have sprinkled around the entrances, poured some onto kitchen paper or cotton ball and wiped around the doors, base boards etc." Becky Bell provided another easy deterrent: "I had them a few weeks ago and someone said they don’t like mint! "So I got a little mint plant from Tesco and sat it on my kitchen surface and I don’t know if it’s the change in the weather or the plant but I haven’t seen one ant since." Viv Roberts shared another home remedy that stopped ants from coming back: "They hate the smell of cinnamon. "I've used it a few times, sprinkle generously around where they seem to be coming from and leave it for a good few days." She concluded: "They didn't come back in my own experience." Jade Boreham offered an alternative cheap method: "Wipe vinegar where you’ve seen them, it’s removed the scent for other ants to follow. "Try looking at your sealant and windows to see if they’re coming in through there." Zoe White said: "Go outside and find their nest. "Pour a kettle or 2 of boiling water on it. Kills them all." Hayley Leinster-Poole empathised: "Honestly Ants plague me!! "Every year they take refuge in my kitchen." She swears by a cheap supermarket purchase: "Wilko ant powder is the best thing ever." Liz Pasztak stated: "Nippon has always done the trick for me." Emma Harris informed: "Someone once told me to put ant powder round the whole outside of my house all the way round. "I did that and never saw any again." But others thought an ant infestation is best taken care of by the experts - albeit at a slight cost. Nikola Middlebrook suggested: "Honestly I would recommend you call in the professionals, costs about £45-50 but well worth it."