Sam Dingle (James Hooton) and his wife Lydia Dingle (Karen Blick) have been particularly struggling with money in recent weeks on Emmerdale. This has led the father of one to steal pheasants from the grounds of Home Farm so his family could have something to eat, which didn't go down too well with Kim Tate (Claire King) when she found out what was going on. However, after striking a deal with Faith Dingle (Sally Dexter) earlier this week on the ITV soap, the ruthless businesswoman gave the hapless Dingle a job. However, this isn't how he and his loved ones could end up becoming millionaires. The drama continues next week when Lydia starts telling Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter) about her desire to buy herself a top of the range caravan. Considering she and her husband have been struggling with their finances recently, this seems way off the cards at the moment. Although she believes it to be a distant dream, she has no idea Sam is already on the case and is wanting to do something to make his wife happy. In order to get his hands on a caravan, he talks with Vinny Dingle (Bradley Johnson) about the prospect of owning a motorhome. It seems Vinny was the right person to go to as the youngster explains there is an old motorhome at the scrapyard which needs moving. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Jacob Hay involved in Underworld takeover Not thinking for a second longer, Sam jumps on the chance of getting his hands on the vehicle and tells Vinny he will take it off his hands. It would need some work doing to it to get it up to scratch but Sam tells Vinny he is going to transform it into Lydia's dream caravan. This is where the theory the family could become millionaires would start to play out as when Sam starts to do the renovations, he could make a big discovery. Hidden away in various different locations in the motorhome, there could be hundreds and thousands of pounds, amounting to the sum of over a million. Sam would be over the moon to see his fortunes have changed and he wouldn't waste any time telling his loved ones The Dingle family would begin to celebrate, knowing the money is going to help them in so many ways, including transforming the old motorhome. However, this is soapland and it might not be too long before someone discovers the family's fortunes have changed for the better. Making their way to the village, the unknown character could claim the motorhome used to be theirs and they are the rightful owners of the money. As Vinny checks the books, he could discover the story does add up and the iconic clan seem to have spent a big sum of money which isn't theirs. Wanting what is rightfully theirs, the stranger could tell Sam he and his loved ones have two weeks to get the money back to them. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale star Liam Fox shows off fairytale home with co-star wife [PICTURES]Sally Dexter: Star on family's history of heart problems [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock 'shocked' over 'sheer weight' of stroke plot [COMMENT] They don't have that sort of money in the bank so they know they are going to have to make up the funds by unconventional means. Someone who could help them out is Faith, as she has been trying to take her loved one's problems off their shoulders before she dies. With a huge amount of money in her savings account for a rainy day, the matriarch of the family could make an anonymous donation to the cause. Sam. Lydia and the rest of the clan would be delighted they have a bulk of the money paid and they think the stranger would take this happily. Unfortunately, the unknown character might be a stickler and would want every single penny accounted for. As the clock begins to tick towards the deadline and with the money still not paid, will the Dingle family face the repercussions of their spending? Executive producer, Jane Hudson, spoke with Express.co.uk and other media earlier this year and teased there would be multiple storylines involving the iconic family. The soap boss explained: "There is lots going on for the Dingles as we head into 2022. "Two of our most loved Dingles are going to be facing huge life-changing situations that are going to have repercussions for the whole village. "The effects of this are going to be long-lasting over the course of 2022 and into 2023," she continued. Jane added: "In the next few months, we'll see drama, joy, fun, laughter, agony, pain, grief and despair hit this family. "They will be pulled into a lot of directions and be at the heart of our very biggest stories this year," she explained. Could it be the family becoming millionaires is one of the big stories she was talking about alongside all the other plots they are a part of? At the moment, Faith is harbouring the secret she has secondary cancer, Marlon Dingle (Mark Charnock) is recovering from a stroke and Noah Dingle (Jack Downham) is being charged with stalking. Can the family take any more bad luck? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.