Incoming Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag will not have any say in team selection for Sunday's game against Crystal Palace, despite the fact he will be in the stands and succeed Ralf Rangnick the very next day. The showdown will be a crucial one for the Red Devils, who are at risk of dropping from sixth to seventh on the final day. Ten Hag is wasting no time as he prepares to sink his teeth into a daunting job, despite having won a league title with Ajax just last week. Reports indicate that he will be in the stands at Selhurst Park as he officially becomes Man Utd boss the very next day. After five years of stellar work with Ajax, which saw him lift six trophies, the Dutchman was chosen from a host of eligible managers from around the world. But The Guardian claim that his pedigree will not see him take charge of team selection against Palace, with Rangnick set to finish his interim duties uninterrupted. The Red Devils will put their trust in the Austrian despite a troubled run of recent form, and the pressure that comes with leaving Ten Hag's new team in as healthy a position as possible. JUST IN: Arsenal still confident of signing Gabriel Jesus for three reasons A win is needed to guarantee entry into the Europa League next season, and Patrick Vieira's men are sure to put up a stern test. Defeat or a draw will both be enough for United if West Ham fail to beat Brighton, but David Moyes will be amped up to get one over on his former employers and demote the Red Devils to the Conference League. With his seat in the stands reserved, Ten Hag is set to catch the back end of a torrid campaign which has seen United dramatically fall short on expectations. Arrivals like Jadon Sancho, Raphael Varane and Cristiano Ronaldo looked set to see them compete towards the top of the table, but players have been criticised for a lack of effort and Gary Neville branded them 'a waste of space'. DON'T MISSArsenal to back Arteta with 'heavy' investment despite CL failureErik ten Hag snubs Ajax end-of-season trip as 'there is a lot to do' at Manchester UnitedEverton to investigate allegations of racism from Brentford duo Ivan Toney and Rico Henry  Players may be motivated to put in an extra shift against Palace in the knowledge that their new boss is watching on from the stands, before beginning his duties on Monday. Strategic talks have already been held as Ten Hag hopes to hit the ground running, and a host of sub-par performers would seem to be playing for their futures before a summer revamp. A handful of stars could follow the Dutchman from Ajax based on the latest transfer speculation. Jurrien Timber and Lisandro Martinez are two names believed to be in the mix, while the Red Devils are supposedly trying to convince Barcelona's Frenkie de Jong to come to Old Trafford despite an absence of Champions League football.  With outgoings and arrivals aplenty expected once the summer window swings open, Ten Hag has so far done his best to play down rumours on specific players. "Of course [dealing with speculation] was already the case at Ajax," he told Ziggo Sport. "You take that in and then you have to continue to work well with the dressing room and with people within the club. You have to analyse well and make the right choices."