Paul di Resta has claimed that both Lewis Hamilton and George Russell have been complaining ahead of the Monaco Grand Prix. Hamilton previously launched into an X-rated rant on the team radio during the first free practice session, annoyed at the bouncing that he was experiencing. When asked about Hamilton and Russell’s hopes in Monaco, Sky Sports F1 pundit Di Resta said: “They were complaining about bouncing, completely different actually just skipping across the track and the suspension just looks too stiff. “Both drivers complaining a lot and they have been unable to get the confidence they need around here. It’s put them in a position, Lewis didn’t nail his Q3 lap as well as he will have liked early before the red flag came out with that incident between Sainz and Perez. “It’s a long old day and you have got to be patient to get your way through it, you have got to hope the weather plays into his hands but he has won this Grand Prix he has come from the back and he has had very good results. He will want to put that to good use but it’s another dent in what is a difficult year.” When asked about Hamilton and Russell’s hopes in Monaco, Sky Sports F1 pundit  said: “They were complaining about bouncing, completely different actually just skipping across the track and the suspension just looks too stiff.“Both drivers complaining a lot and they have been unable to get the confidence they need around here.“It’s put them in a position, Lewis didn’t nail his Q3 lap as well as he will have liked early before the red flag came out with that incident between Sainz and Perez.“It’s a long old day and you have got to be patient to get your way through it, you have got to hope the weather plays into his hands but he has won this Grand Prix he has come from the back and he has had very good results. He will want to put that to good use but it’s another dent in what is a difficult year.”  After 30 minutes of the first practice session, seven-time world champion Hamilton was on his team radio complaining about the bouncing he was experiencing. He said: “The bouncing is crazy mate. “I'm f*** losing my mind.” During the session, the Mercedes star added: "There's an incredible amount of bouncing." Hamilton later explained: "Need elbow pads in this cockpit it's bouncing so much." Russell has admitted that he will be praying for rain during the race on Sunday to boost his chances of securing another podium finish. He said: "The ride of the car has been our biggest limitation all weekend and while P6 is not a result to be celebrating, I think we pretty much maximised it out there with the package we have. So looking at it objectively, there's no reason we should be any higher up today. From my point of view, looking to tomorrow I'm thinking: bring on the rain!” Hamilton has been beaten in qualifying by team-mate Russell for the second consecutive weekend and sits 30 points behind his less experienced partner for Mercedes. Russell has beaten Hamilton at every race bar one so far this season, as his excellent form from last year continues. Hamilton’s reported dejected mood will play into Russell’s hands, according to David Coulthard. He said: “The way he walked away from that car after qualifying, I’ve seen him disappointed but his shoulders were down near his ankles. This is a dejected Lewis because at the moment the car isn't talking to him. What that’s doing in his disappointment is giving George his opportunity to shine.”