Dr Khaled Kasem, chief orthodontist at Impress, said that letting your dogs lick you could be damaging to your health. He warned that the affectionate gesture could spread salmonella, ringworm or hookworm to their owners. It can also cause gum disease in humans, Dr Kasem warned. He said: "Dogs aren't known for their hygiene. "They don't (usually) brush their teeth or rinse with mouthwash, and they've probably never visited a dentist. "Their daily routine consists of eating leftovers on the floor, licking their bum, and checking out dead animals left on the pavement. "Ultimately, their mouth is filthy. "Such activities result in a build-up of bacteria in your dog's mouth, and although the majority is probably harmless, they can pick up parasites and bacteria that can make humans ill. "Whether they've drunk contaminated water or sniffed animal waste, these bacteria will not boost your immune health as some have argued." Speaking to Wales Online, the expert added: "Not only can human infection with pet parasites cause a wealth of intestinal diseases, but it also transfers damaging bacteria to your teeth and gums, causing gum disease. "Severe gum disease can affect the tissues that support teeth and holds them in place. "If left untreated, the jawbone can decay, opening up spaces in between the gums and teeth – resulting in tooth loss. "Other common infections that dogs can transfer include salmonella, ringworm, and hookworm." READ MORE: Dog owners told how often to feed their pets to keep them healthy While the occasional dog kiss is "fine", Dr Kasem said, pet owners should apparently avoid making it a "regular occurrence". He added: "Not only are you risking your health, but you've heard of the term dog breath, so would you really want the same? "Think about the ingredients in their food and what that might taste like in your mouth - gross! "If your furry pal does give you a kiss, make sure to brush and floss straight away to remove any bacteria and try to discourage the behaviour in the future." DON'T MISS: Dog heatstroke warning as warm weather threatens key breeds [INSIGHT] Princess Charlotte shows off family dog in new birthday photo [PICTURES]Dog warning: Full list of UK beaches banning dogs from next week [REVEAL] A study from the UK Royal Veterinary College and the University of Lisbon, published in April 2022, revealed that dog saliva could transmit an antibiotic-resistant superbug. The study, which examined the presence of a super strain of E.coli, found the superbug in nearly 14 percent of dogs. Dr Juliana Menezes, the study's lead author from the University of Lisbon, told the Telegraph: "To reduce the spread of these bacteria within the household, it would be necessary to reduce this close relationship between the owners and their pets, and also to have greater hygiene practices. "Bearing in mind that the bacteria we studied are found colonising the gastrointestinal tract, the transmission occurs via the faecal-oral route, so good hygiene practices on the part of owners would help to reduce sharing, such as washing hands after collecting dog waste, or even after petting them."