Tens of thousands have been able to claim back cash from overpaid tax, research carried out by financial advisers NFU Mutual has found. Inheritance tax is levied on the value of a person’s estate on the date of death, which usually includes property, money and possessions. Under HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) rules, IHT must normally be paid within six months. On the occasion an executor arrives to sell any property or shares, and the price has dropped, it is possible to reclaim the overpaid tax from HMRC. However, this particular refund for inheritance tax is not automatic and has to be reclaimed proactively by the claimant. This is only available if the executors sell property within four years of the death, or if they sell off shares or other qualifying investments within 12 months of the death. Overall, the British public has made over 22,000 inheritance tax reclaims when it comes to property and just under 10,000 reclaims when it comes to shares and investments. READ MORE: Woman, 88, in tears after losing £36,000 savings - after 'scrimping' for 50 years Sean McCann, a chartered financial planner at NFU Mutual, discussed what these figures mean when it comes to the public’s relationship with inheritance tax. On how people can reclaim money back in IHT, Mr McCann explained: “A large inheritance tax bill can be a nasty shock for grieving families. “These figures show that more and more people are waking up to the possibility that they could reclaim overpaid inheritance tax. “Considering the buoyant housing market, it’s surprising to see more than 22,000 reclaims have been made on the sale of property or land. “In some cases, this will have been a result of property being overvalued on the inheritance tax return or because of deterioration of the property between the death and subsequent sale. “There have also been nearly 10,000 reclaims made following a fall in shares or investment values. “During times of market volatility its important families check whether they have overpaid inheritance tax, in some circumstances reclaims can amount to thousands of pounds.” On top of this, NFU Mutual shared how people can maximise the amount they are able to claim back in IHT. In the next five years, inheritance tax is set to raise an additional £37billion, which represents an increase of £10billion compared to the £27billion accumulated in the last half a decade. Families can maximise how much inheritance tax they reclaim during periods of market volatility, according to Mr McCann. He added: “As more families get dragged into the inheritance tax net, it’s important they realise they can reclaim overpaid inheritance tax. “If you are reclaiming overpaid IHT following a fall in shares or investments, all qualifying investments sold by the executor in the 12 months following death have to be included in the claim, not just those that have fallen in value. “If some have increased in value, this will reduce the amount of inheritance tax that can be reclaimed. “In these circumstances, it may be more advantageous for the executors to pass the shares or investments that have increased in value directly to the beneficiaries rather than sell them. “This means you make a claim only for those shares that have fallen in value, ensuring you maximise the benefit.”